Had some time to kill so I stopped here to have a beer. The place was crowded while most other places were more or less empty. It was 6:30 on a Monday. 
Ambiance was fine. Went to the upstairs bar because the downstairs had a band and didn't want to be that close. It was more quiet upstairs. 
There were 5 things to choose from. All lagers, my least favorite style. I chose the Weiss. 
It was decent. I'd drink it again though this isn't my favorite style. Overall the place was fine and good to kill a bit of time with a brew. But no need to go out of the way for it. 
Service was friendly.Yes to finding a microbrewery in the French Quarter. Excellent place to get your day drunk on! Get the 5 beer sampler and the baked oyster appetizer! The service was great and apparently they have live jazz at night! Great pick!Ate here a few evenings ago. Just two of us at a high-top near the bar. Admittedly, the setting is really interesting. The bar is awesome, and the place has a nice vibe. We purchased the 6-beer sampler, which included the seasonal. The beers were generally fine, each more-or-less true to its style. Nothing notable, but all pretty well crafted. The food was just ok. More than anything, the food was served cold, and the server was completely indifferent to us-- to the point of rude. I get that this place is really busy; and perhaps the staff is overworked. But it's not as if we got a discount for that. We paid full price, and we would have liked competent, professional, and friendly service. We got none of that. As a caveat, let me say this: If you love the NoLa waterfront; if you enjoy the area where the French Quarter begins to transition into the French Market area, then you'll probably dig Crescent City Brewhouse. I personally think NoLa is kind of a dump; and this place didn't do anything to improve my impression. So again, if you really like NoLa and are fine to sub-par service, descent beer, and cold food, then you may really like Crescent City Brew.Great food and even better service. Very glad we chose this place to eat dinner tonight. The seafood cheese cake is a must. Amanda was our sever and provided terrific service.Came here from out of town last Thursday night since it was close to our hotel room.
We sat at the bar.
The live music was nice.
The bartender offered a worcestershire back. Asked what it was, she said it was a pickleback with worcestershire sauce instead, meaning it was a shot of Jameson chased with worcestershire sauce.
We tried it.
Strange, but I guess it works.
They have a good selection of beer as well.Everything about my dining experience was perfect. The waiter. The ipa. The gator sausage po boy. The potatoe salad. Wished i lived here so i can have this once a month. The food was executed perfectly. Execellent jobs guys! You fucking killed it.We stopped here for lunch on our day out on the town. We sat out on the balcony, which was nice, but it was a bit windy so I do wish we had sat inside, but I can't blame the restaurant for the weather! The balcony was nice and I'm sure it would have been excellent for a nice day. 
The group ordered the seafood cheesecake, which was highly recommended by the waiter, but I could not eat. However, it must have been great because it was devoured by the rest of group. I got the Alligator Sausage Po-boy and the husband got the Southern Fish Tacos. They were both really good. No complaints whatsoever. The alligator sausage was well seasoned and quite delicious and the southern fish tacos - catfish fried perfectly. 
So why the three stars? The food in New Orleans is amazing and while the food here was good, it wasn't on the same level as other restaurants in New Orleans. I would recommend it, it was fun, the food was good, and it was a beautiful restaurant.This is a review of the beer/bar area and not the food.
We stopped in here on Mardi Gras, just to check it out and try out the beer. The downstairs area was pretty crowded, so we headed upstairs and snagged a seat at the bar. I would say that Crescent City Brewhouse is more of a restaurant than a brewhouse- they only offer four beers, but nonetheless, i was eager to try what they had. I decided to try the Red Stallion and the Imperial Pilsner. Both were pretty good. They didn't knock my socks off, but they were enjoyable.
The bartender was really nice and worked fast to take our order. The menu looked good, so I might try the food if I make it back.Great seafood appetizers specially the seafood cheesecake and the crab cakes.  Pair it with Black Forrest and you will enjoy the mild spice and malty flavos of the beer.This is what a brewpub should be.  Welcoming people, great beer, great food, and live music.  
Try the pulled pork sandwich.  Probably one of the best pulled porks I've ever had.
Don't let the almost chain restaurant look fool you.  Serious food and drink.I liked this place when I lived in Louisiana, because the food is good and authentic and reasonably priced.  The location is obviously great as well, if you're doing the French Quarter thing.
I went back for a quick beverage and gnosh twice recently.  The place is still excellent.  Grab your raw oysters and a beer here.  Or get some delicious soup.  No, it's not a formal, fine dining environment -- it's a brew pub.  The beer is alright but the food is really good for the price.  And if the weather permits, sit on the patio upstairs and look at the water.Josh is the manager and he completely blew off our party of 10. We were trying to get a couple tables together to sit just to drink and he was not willing to assist with accommodating us in any way. We explained we understood we couldn't sit at a table reserved for dining but he was rude and reluctant to seat us at all.Just ok food & beer in a convenient location.  We had MUCH better food elsewhere in town, and for less money.  My corned beef cuban was good, but not a 'wow!'.  It came with waffle fry chips which might have been right out of a bag.  The beer was a HUGE disappointment!  I love a good wheat beer.  Their house-made wheat beer was not served nearly cold enough, didn't come with an orange slice, and was a stingy pour for the price.  My partner had a brie plate, which was okay.  It came with bread, grapes, apple chutney & roasted garlic...makes for a nice plate but the bread was room temp & the roasted garlic wasn't cooked well and was hard & pungent.  Oysters were good but not great.  All and all just a place with a good balcony where lots of frat guys and tourists go for okay beer and average food.  Not a very friendly server either.  Wouldn't go back.A great place to sit at the bar. The beers are great and jazz when they play is nice to listen toMy husband and I stopped here because he's a picky eater and we saw they had some simple food options (ie grilled cheese and buttered noodles on the kids menu). I ordered the half oysters and crab cakes and he ordered grilled cheese with fries and buttered noodles. We also got the 4 samplers which is a great option to try local brews. Service was great and restaurant was clean. The only reason why I can't give it 5 stars is because of their requirement to order two kids menu options if you have no kids and ordering from the kids menu for an adult. Luckily he was already going to order his two options but I'm thinking what if you're a picky eater or if you're trying to portion for small sizes??? Anyhow its a great place and I was very satisfied with our time there.A group of 6 of us went there on New Years Day and it was horrible.  First off our waitress seemed like we were a GIANT inconvenience to her the whole night.  We waited forever for our food and when we got it everything was cold.  I asked her for some hot fries and when she brought them back she exclaimed "ANYTHING ELSE???".  We complained but the manager did nothing.  Great job!  We paid $80 for some okay beer and some cold food.  Don't waste your time with everything that New Orleans has to offer.  Truly a terrible terrible place.Visited this place after getting a Bogo entree coupon from the visitors center and it was a pretty solid experience. We got to sit outside on the balcony and it was a beautiful evening. Waiter was super cool and friendly. Wife ordered the fish tacos.  Flavorful but fish tacos should always be in corn tortillas. I had the Jambalaya pasta which was amazing. Lots of meat/seafood and pasta was cooked perfect.  $30 is a little $$ but it was good.  Had their wheat beer for $8.  Decent beer. Great color.  Still ended up being $55 with a coupon but the atmosphere was worth it.Brewery house. ... is it a joke.  Very,  very limited beer selection.  4 beers: kolch, pilsner,  lager and dark ale.  Nothing else. NOTHING. Waitress didn't know what is IPA.  Remove brewery part from your name.  
Food: 16.99 for sandwich which was made with huge,  cheap bun, slice of tomato,  two lettuce leafs and"shrimps"....10 popcorn size shrimps in deep fried corn starch. 
Bill: pay for two,  automatic tip w/o letting us know about it.  Cheap trick. 
The place was full in half but the host insisted yo seat us next to kitchen door  and had big problem sitting us in other place.  Wth????
Awful experience.  Avoid .....Ordered the DeCatur St. Burger and it was not great, but the blue cheese was good.  The beer they brew there is great, and cheap alcohol prices.Below average beer for a microbrewery! I was on vacation and as a beer snob, I love trying new microbrews from differnt areas.  As soon as We sat down, the waitress appeared to be annoyed and did not seem like she wanted to be there.  I order my usual sampler, but my girlfriend (not a beer drinker) did not know what to get.  My girlfriend asked the waitress for a suggestion, but she replied "we can make you anything."  I figured if she was rude, the beer gotta be good. WRONG! The beer was subpar and the IPA was not even hoppy.  The IPA tasted like a light beer.  Overall, the beer was well below average.  I've been to Dog Fish Head brew house, Lagunitas Brewery, Sierra Neveda Brewery and various other breweries, and this place should not sell beer. Although I don't have a beer title, 85% of may vacations are based on the food and beer I want to try.We just stopped for a beer after finishing a carriage tour.  The ambiance was great!  You knew you were in New Orleans!  I loved the signs hanging from the ceilings and the overall decor.  I cannot say anything about the food because we didn't try any.  Everyone there looked happy though... Was it the food or the beer?  I will have to go back to find the answer!!!Ducked in here quickly during a down pour outside.
We grabbed a seat at the very vintage (original wood bar and taps) bar and ordered a flight of house beers.
Not sure how the food is, but the beer was decent. Not fantastic, but I did really like the amber and the brown ales.Recommended by the concierge at my hotel so I stopped in just to try the beers.  The atmosphere and service were very good. I ordered a beer sampler.   I drink a variety of craft beer but would not consider myself a beer expert.   I found the beer in my sampler to be average at best but mostly very poor.COME HERE FOR FOOD... not for beer.
Beer is bad... we didn't like a single one they offered BUT, the Seafood Cheesecake was amazing, crab cakes were delicious and the raw oysters and Oysters 3 ways were amazing. So... get your drinks elsewhere but definitely come here to eat!!!Just finished an amazing slab of the brew house ribs. No wait to get in. They brew their own beer which is was really good. I would definitely recommend a visit.Beer - 0.5 Stars
Food - 4.5 Stars
Service - 5 Stars
America makes some of the best beers in the world.  From Dogfish Head on the east coast to Stone on the west, our craft brewers are producing fantastic beers.  Unfortunately, this microbrewery movement has been accompanied by brewpubs cropping up all over the country which serve beer which is mediocre at best.  This place is a prime example of that.  We started with their seasonal, a "bock" which tasted like a watered-down amber ale with a slightly soapy aftertaste.  We then risked a sample size of the Red Stallion beer, which they proudly advertise on their coasters.  It essentially had no flavor with a slightly metallic aftertaste.  We couldn't even finish the sample sizes.  (Note: they were out of the Black Forest porter that night.)  If you have any taste in beer, don't drink here!
That being said, unlike most brewpubs that serve crappy beer, this place had good food and good service.  The baked Brie with a roasted head of garlic, cinnamon apples, and fresh bread was simple but delicious.  My friend and I each got the crispy Southern duck, which may be the best duck that either one of us had.  The meat itself was not greasy, but was surrounded in crispy duck skin.  It was filled with delicious andouille sausage dressing and topped with greens.  My husband got the ribs, which he said were the best he'd had in awhile.  The waitress advised him to replace the baked beans with another side, as she said that they were pretty blah.  He got the mac and cheese and scalloped potatoes, both of which were good.  We ended with their cayenna chocolate creme brule, which was good with quite a kick.Good food, good drinks and good people watching location. Come here to relax and watch some people.  Great time and great place to watch Mardi Gras ParadesI went back to Crescent City for a second time and had another enjoyable visit!  My sis and I were completely starving when we got there and ordered enough food to satisfy a table of large men.  We started off with the baked oysters which were okay, I wouldn't order them again.  What I would order again is the Shrimp Remoulade, in fact, I'd order two plates of it next time and call it my supper!   We chose to add on side salads with our entrees and they were gorgeous salads, super fresh and larger than we were expecting.  I had the St. Louis Redfish, which was okay...there was just something about it that I wasn't crazy about, a spice, a certain flavor, I can't quite put my finger on it.  But it was prepared perfectly and the veggies and cold potato salad it came with were very good.  My sister had the stuffed shrimp which she really enjoyed!  The mashed potatoes were a glob of garlicky goodness!  
The bread pudding finished off our meal...yes, believe it or not, we still had a bit of room to have a few bites and it was as good as I remembered! I like the brew house, it's good, it's open at 4pm and they  have a nice menu and service was sweet and efficient.Not the first time here, we always enjoy our lunch. At the table for 6 on the second floor I loved my oyster club sandwich my boyfriend loved his shrimp romalaid wedge and everyone enjoyed their meal and fabulous choice of beer!Pilsner is awesome, rest of beers good/ok. Seafood cheesecake was unique and tasty! Great service, too!The food is not that great; small portions and over priced. No drink specials and the service is slow even on an light day. I would not recommend eating here.Love the ambient and the wait staff. They are knowledgeable with great atmosphere.  We are trying the crawfish touffe and oyster po boy...deliciousAfter a failed "wine and cheese tour" we took out bachelorette party to this brew house. The restaurant staff could not have been more amazing. They found a table for our group of 13 and sent us a complimentary round of drinks. I really cannot say enough great things about the people that work at this restaurant!The Wing's are sooooo amazing. The drinks are great. I enjoyed the flight of beers. Friendly staff, great environment. All the beers were wonderful on the flightMy husband and I stopped in this place over the weekend after Jazz Fest.  The food was awful and the beer was watered down.  Both my husband and I enjoy a good beer and this was not the place to get one.  We sat at the bar and had to see the oyster shucker eat his lunch at the bar while shucking oysters for customers.  It was very unsanitary and disgusting.
If you would like a good beer than you should go to Gordon Biersch in the business district.  Even though it is a chain, it was way better than Crescent City.Stopped in here for a few beers our first night in New Orleans. Didn't try any of the food so I can't comment on that but as expected the beer selection was solid.Had lunch there today while in town for the holiday, brews were ok but the food and the service not so good...    
Ordered the gumbo and discovered bits of burnt roux in it, poboys had no flavor and were dry. Skip the potato salad.Not bad, not bad at all.
Hot, humid days in New Orleans when you are a Coloradoan not used to humidity over 10% requires two things: cold drinks and a place to sit.  We got that here.
Came in for a flight of their beers.  The staff kept offering us menus: the hostess (which goes without saying I suppose), the bartender, and then another staff member.  We just wanted a flight of beer!
Beer was alright.  Honestly, nothing crazy stood out.  Munich beer was my favorite though.  Pilsner and Red Ale were alright.
I think the brewery aspect isn't a focus here, which is a bummer.
Glad we stopped in, but plenty of other (brewery)fish in the sea!Local beer was excellent, Red Stallion is a superb beer goes great with the Shrimpand Grits.Food is good.   Beer was ok.  Atmosphere is good.  Blackened redfish with soft shell crab was stellar!  And oysters were massive and fresh. Overall more than I expected.  Nice start when heading to Frenchmen street.Food was edible, beer ok. We went here so our kids could hear some live jazz - not a lot of options for dinner+live music in NOLA with kids. Music was really good, but you cannot see them from the dining area. 3 stars is generous.Usually Crescent City Brewhouse has a buy one get one free coupon in the visitors guide. That being said the total cost is not much different than other places without a coupon. They slap the gratuity on with the check so be aware and don't double tip.
We like the beer.
This time there was a special IPA brew available. We are IPA fans. This particular IPA was good but not great. On a tough 10 point scale it was a 6.5. For reference Abita Jockamo would be a 6.4. We would have expected more since their Red Stallion is such a very good beer.
We arrived in time for the lunch menu to still be in force.
This time we had the shrimp with grits and pasta Jambalaya. The shrimp and grits was rated as a solid five with the pasta jambalaya a good 4.0.
The service was prompt without hovering, we had no wait to get in and the food was ready in about the right time for it to have been made after the order was placed.
Will go back next time we are in New OrleansGo there at least once a month since I work downtown.  menu is diverse, food is consistently good and service is good.  My friend and I often share a few dishes since we try to eat lightly, and the staff is always great about it.We got here at 7:30 and we got drinks and food, the hostesses were nice our waiter was great and then he disappeared for thirty minutes and we are still waiting for food ...it just came and the bread is stale and my friend chicken in my salad is cold. BummerGreat place! It was recommended by the concierge at our hotel. We were looking for a light lunch. Wanted  some creole, but also needed something simple for the kids. We had the gumbo and the best B.L.T. ever. The kids enjoyed their burger and grilled cheese. The service was friendly and prompt.We ate dinner and were well pleased with the courteous staff and the efficient way they handled our group.  We came with a tour group so I cannot attest to the quality of entrees ordered from the menu.  Our menu had been determined by the Tour Company and our food was delicious.Great location, great interior look, but everything else was mediocre. Stopped here for lunch on a busy Saturday in the quarter. Our waiter spent most of his time hanging out in a corner and staring at himself in one of the decorative mirrors on the wall. They only serve their own craft beers, which were tasty but WAY overpriced. $8.50 for one beer!?! Food was mediocre at best. My friends shrimp po-boy came with just lettuce and shrimp even though it is described as "dressed" on the menu. It wasn't terrible, but in NOLA you can do a whole lot better.Good jazz band, great location, pleasant atmosphere, pretty good beer. 3 star
Food was not good.  Fish not fresh and was way over done with what looked like thousand island dressing all over it. 1 star 
About half the staff was pleasant and accommodating the other half not at all.  Service - 2.5 stars 
Too many other good places to go.This is a below average brewery with poor service. For as many craft brews available these days it's quite clear that this one still lives in the 90s. No creativity.  
Stop here for convenience. I usually do. But don't expect much.There is one thing new englanders know and that is seafood. The oysters there are biggest tastiest oysters you'll ever have. They are freshly shucked right at the bar. 
The beer is just ok, true to style. 
Atmosphere is good open doors to the street. Totally worth the stop especially for oysters on the half.Beer was decent, food was meh. The place looks like TGI Fridays did a brewery. Very touristy, though to be fair, we were tourists. The beer wasn't bad, though they didn't have a huge selection. The food was pretty mediocre and pricey for what you got. Not the worst place to eat, but you can definitely do better.Good beer, average food. Nothing to rave about but if i ever come back it'd be only for the beer. Atmosphere is nice, especially when the jazz band is playing.This was our first meal in NOLA. I got the fried shrimp poboy which was delicious and perfect portion for the price. They know their beer here, and can recommend which beer will go best with what food you are ordering. The Red Stallion was a great pair with my poboy. This place is also great to grab a beer. We came one night and sat at the bar for a beer. This place is also very affordable! Great ambience as well.I was drawn to The Crescent City Brewhouse by a menu item--shrimp beignets--for my last New Orleans meal before leaving for home. I knew there was no live music at lunch, but still appreciated the savory beignets and refreshing iced tea in the cool old-world atmosphere. I wish I could have tried the beer--this place is a microbrewery!!--but I'll wait on that till I return. My server was attentive and even found me something to read while I ate. Such a lovely restaurant!We stopped in for a beer/drinks and snack on the way to dinner.  I love craft beers and was not disappointed.  Good beer and a nice selection with the sampler.  The oysters were not up to par, not a great taste nor large.  My advice, skip em.... we did get the Pimms Cup - that was very nice.  Never had one before and enjoyed the flavor very much.   Even stopped back for another Pimm's on the way to the airport.Dining Date January 18, 2015
Ordered the 5 beer sampler and was not disappointed with any of the selections. All the beers were very good interpretations of the styles.  Would recommend Crecent City beers as a good local brew in New Orleans. 
The food quality was mixed. The seafood cheesecake was delicious. However the oysters were dry and lacked flavor. The bread pudding was outstanding. 
The service was very good, and overall is a nice place near the river to sit and enjoy local beer and food.While the service, food, and ambiance were all acceptable to above average I can't give you more than two stars if your name says you're a brewhouse and your beers are watered down and geared toward mass market beer drinkers.  I understand, you have to have a few beers that appear to the bud/miller crowd but don't forget about us beer geeks.  Have a few adventurous beers on tap, or at least something hoppier than a pale ale!This was the first place we ate at when we visited NO.  We got there kind of late as we drove in from AR.  We found the burgers delicious and the beer ice cold.  The wings were great!  Gobbled those things up.  
Great service and eccentric decor was great!
Would definitely go back.We started with some beers and baked oysters for appetizer. The oysters were delicious!  They came in three flavors: crab and saffron, spinach and herbsaint, and cornbread andouille. 
Our entrees were the shrimp and grits and the crabmeat stuffed shrimp. Both dishes were great. The restaurant is also kid friendly, for those interested.A walk up window for adult beverages "to geaux"!!!  WHAT!?!????!!!!!  I'M IN!
I see the reviews here seem not to be the greatest, so I must use the disclaimer that I have not tried the food.  But I came here twice in the same day - a Sunday nonetheless, God forgive me - for takeout DRANKS!!  
Our first visit was for mimosas which we learned upon arrival, could actually only be ordered at the main bar since that lovely lady at the sidewalk bar did not have champagne.  The bar was pretty busy but this ($10, I think) Mimosa was WELL worth the short wait!!  I saw homegirl open up 3 splits of Champagne and pour an entire one in each of the 3 perfect cocktails that we ordered!  Yes Lawd!!  The freshness of the champagne and OJ is indeed praiseworthy!!  Can't tell you how many times I have been served mimosas that fall flat, literally and figuratively.
Anyhow, those drinks were enough to lure us back on the way "home" to our hotel and we gave New Orleans' infamous Hurricanes a try.  The bartender at the To Geaux window was so excited that we had come back so that she could serve us her version of this (super sweet) cocktail "made with love" as she had told us previously!  Bright red in color, very sweet put packed with all sorts of rum.  What can I say - it's a must when in Nawlins and I loved the convenience of getting one here!It's probably more like 3.5 stars, but certainly not four stars. Came in with a group and the servers were really nice and got us settled fairly easily upstairs. They are catering to tourists, both in location (on the main path, so you can't miss it) and by giving big beer things you can take home.
They had an interesting selection of beers (not huge, but interesting) and do a cute little sampler of those. Food selection was varied and after a week of eating NOLA food, I was happy to be eating something different. Got a chicken salad and thought it was pretty decent, although like I said, I was burnt out on eating out. Comfortable place, decent food, nice employees. Easy for tourists, and especially if you're looking for more Chili's quality food. Nothing wrong with that, but you need to know what you're getting into. It's not an awesome Cajun meal, but it's a nice night out.Just had a wonderful Oktoberfest meal at Crescent city brewhouse. My waiter, Peter, was fantastic and went out of his way to accommodate my requests. 
Also the floor manager Sean, was just super, and wanted to make sure everything was just right.
There are simply so many good things on their menu. And two desserts I can definitely recommend are the Almond fruit bowl and the creole cream cheesecake.
I highly recommend this place for locals as well as tourists.Red Fish and stuffed shrimp was amazing!  Also make sure you get the brie appetizer. 
My husband had the flight and I had a seasonal draft. My son's had the kids fried shrimp and the other had the fried alligator. Everything was wonderful! 
For dessert we chose the cheesecake and creme brûlée. Oh my word the cheesecake was huge! The server was very attentive and I was surprised how amazing the busser was as well. We never had a dirty dish on that table for more than a minute. Glad I found you on Yelp.Really great service! We started with the Brie  platter and then had chicken Caesar salad was fresh and the dressing was delish.  Tim was our friendly server.  My friend had the shrimp and grits and said they were great!Room my hubby to NOLA for the first time (for him) I had been countless times before and wanted to show him some of the good places! We walked in from the street, no wait strait to the bar. The server/bartender was super nice and shared with is all the specials. We tried the fried alligator bites and OMG they were delicious!' We both had a red stallion beer as well. Was a nice walk in walk out trip and we even left with new shirts as well! Love the glass jellyfish hanging in there as well!'The food and drink was average compared to the other restaurants.  Fried Alligator and three way oysters were kind of bland.  The Bloody Mary was good but very limited trimmings.  The server was really nice and the balcony was fun.Oyster club was good and the beers were fine.  Nothing noteworthy though.  Enjoyed the live acoustic music too.Experience was mediocre at best. I ordered the IPA and would've been certain it was the Pilsner except for the color.
Ordered the shrimp po'boy and it was so dry. The fried shrimp itself was pretty decent but the large hoagie bun was super dry, no sauce and had the smallest amount of shredded iceberg and one tomato slice per half. I asked for tartar, which they didn't carry, and then got ranch to try and help with the dryness. 
Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly, and got himself into a long conversation with the neighboring table, so it was a while before I could ask for the tartar/ranch. 
I was also not impressed that when we ordered our beer ("I'll have an IPA"), the default was to serve us a 24oz glass each. Um... when I was a server, if you have options, you offer those options instead of giving your customer the most expensive thing. Lame. The more I think about it, the two stars seems generous.Party of 9 and we are having the time of our lives!
Service and food is SPECTACULAR. 
Crab stuffed fish, redfish, Mac n cheese ... clean plates all around!Perfect place to be  live Jazz music with German beer and awesome wings!I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
On our first morning in town we took an airboat ride in the bayou (which was very interesting but cool -- we arrived in town just as the weather turned cooler). The lady who drove the van that transported us from the hotel and back was a local and recommended the Crescent City Brewhouse.
A couple of nights later we were on a walking tour and after stopping at Cafe du Monde we went to the Brewhouse, where we all ordered the 5 beer sampler (Which was quite a bargain at only $8.50) We all liked the Red Stallion pilsner the best, and we each ordered a big tap of Red Stallion and then continued off to Bourbon Street.
We arrived about 9:30pm and there was a jazz trio playing. They were pretty good. They finished about 11 and we went on our way.
Our plan is to return to NOLA in 2015. We plan to come back to the Cresent City Brewhouse for lunch and another beer sampler.Stopped in for lunch.  Did a full flight of their beers and had a bowl of shrimp and grits.  The beers were all done in the German style and were relatively close to the styles.  The shrimp and grits were decent, but the portions seemed small.  Finished with a fried strawberry pie.  Not bad, but there are a lot better places close.Stopped in here, hungry, thirsty, and hot. Lunchtime, decided to sit at the bar. Bartender approached us, said absolutely nothing. I said 'hi", and he reluctantly said it back. He grabs the beer menu, sets it it front of me and taps it with his finger to indicate "what do you want?" He steps away, and we leave. No thanks. If you don't give a crap, neither do I. There's a thousand places within a mile radius that would like the business, so that dude can take his brews and piss off the next tourist. Neeext!The food itself was very good and well presented.  Great flavors!  However, their service really lacked.  We had a party of 6.  They would not take my reservations. When we got there we were told it would be about 30 minutes.  After about 30 minutes we were led to an outside iron table for 4 in the back courtyard where we could not hear the live jazz playing.  We noticed an empty set table for 6 and asked about using that one.  We were told it would be another 30 minutes for that table.
They heavily advertise as a brewhouse and they brew about 5 different varieties.  On the night we were there they were out of their wheat beer so I didn't get to enjoy my favorite beer.  I had their amber which was just average. 
My wife didn't get the order she ordered at first.  We had to send it back.  My son's hamburger was literally raw in the center.  Unfortunately we didn't notice until he was 3/4 done with it.  When we showed the waitress she took it off the bill and issued a quick off the cuff apology.
Overall we were dissapointed.  The experience was not an enjoyable one and our dinner cost only $40 less than our previous night's dinner at Tommy's Wine Bar.  Tommy's was an awesome experience and well worth the cost.
Skip the Brewhouse and go up the street to any of the many other restaurants.The food was delicious! Carefully prepared and no ingredient missed. So carefully prepared that it took over 45 minutes to receive our meal even though we dined at noon and the restaurant was maybe half capacity. We sat at the bar to enjoy their custom brewed beers, which were average at best. The bartender gave us everything we asked for, when she felt like doing it. I understand being busy but I hate feeling like an intruder when asking to place my order. If you've got time to waste and don't care about great service this is the place for you! The good almost makes up for it.Wow.  I've never been this disappointed with beer before!  This is the only brew house in New Orleans...so of course I had to give it a try.  They had 4 beers on tap...Pilsner, Red Stallion, Black Forest, and a Special beer: Summer beer light. First of all...they all tasted the same.  If I didn't see the color..I would have been sure I was given the same 4 beers. That would have been OK..cause I like beer so I guess I don't really care if they all taste the same but the real problem was that the beer was pretty nasty.  It tasted the way a room full of hops smells.  There is a reason that there are additional steps to brewing beer after adding the hops...hops alone don't taste so great!  
The couple sitting next to me really enjoyed the Red Stallion beer...so maybe it was just my taste buds after drinking Hurricane's and Hand Grenade's for the previous 2 days.  
I won't return when I go back to New Orleans...but I'm glad I went.We started with the angry muscles which are a great appetizer.  Save the sauce to dip the bread in.  We then had the seared tuna salad which was disappointing because it had way too much black pepper.  Then we had the red fish entree which was really good.   The darker beers were the highlights of the beverages whereas the lighter beers lack flavor.  Atmosphere was great but the band played one song and then went on break for 20 minutes and this happened three times in a row which was confusing.  Service is great as well.The beer is what I expected of brewpubs ten years ago. Sorry guys, but the bar has been raised and your product is very lacking. 
The food is slightly better than the beer. I had the BLT, which was decently tasty overall, but was dripping in grease and some of the bacon was very overcooked.The seafood cheesecake is one of the best things that I have ever eaten, and that is saying a lot. Duck was really good.Great atmosphere!   Friendly, attentive staff and good music.   That food was yummy too.   Be sure to try their beer.   I had a seasonal wheat that was great.   I'll be back!Their hours say they close at 10. At 9:45, in desperate need of more happy juice, it was closin' time since they had some "back of house deal" to attend to. I am sure their maths skillz are impeccable but that just doesn't add up. 15 minutes in NOLA? That's enough to pound three drinks if you are not a wiener. 3 drinks x 3 people = you lost a lot of money that went down the street to someone that was open those extra fifteen minutes.
Avoid if you are anywhere near the vicinity (~3 hours?) of their closing time, they might have some back of house deal to attend to then.At first I wasn't sure about this place, really busy and they didn't want to seat a large party. But we hung out at the bar for 30 minutes or so and they found a few smaller tables to place us at. Sit on the balcony if you can, because the place can be fairly loud and busy. 
Once we got tables the server was very nice, and the food was excellent. I wouldn't recommend the wine. The pinot grigio tasted almost watered down, but the hurricane was excellent. We got the seafood cheesecake as an appetizer, which was deliciously cheesy. I got the crab stuffed shrimp, and my friend got the crab capri. Both were great. I tried a bite of the duck as well, which I'd order if I went again it was so good. 
Oh, and they offer a jug (1.5 gallons) of beer for only $13. Which at least one person in my group took advantage of.Came here 17 years ago and just returned last week. Food is still excellent, beers are tasty, but the service was the best! Mary Ann is a vivacious, knowledgable, up-beat waitress and made our experience so much better than it might have been! And she's right - use the Louisiana hot sauce on your sandwiches. So yummy! If you go here, request Mary Ann!The service was not hospitable, as all of the other dining experiences in New Orleans has been. The food is VERY expensive for poor quality ingredients, and bad tasting food. The pulled pork sandwich was dry. The pasta was boring and flavorless. The shrimp was over cooked. We were dining with 16 people and only one person liked their meal ( the ribs.) 
Furthermore, we had one person with dietary restrictions whom we were told would be accommodated. After clear communication about the dairy free restriction and menu consultations by the server, a cream based sauce was delivered to him. He ended up eating noodles with olive oil.Great food in a beautiful atmosphere. The live music was a very enjoyable addition to the ambiance. The beers paired well with dinner choices. A terrific waitstaff.We love the view from the balcony where you can see the riverboat leave.  We had the pulled pork sandwich with red cabbage.  Fries were worth the calories.  Server was attentive but sure did a lot of suggestive selling.We had a wonderful meal here. Megan was our server and she was fun, knowledgeable and accommodating. The place was very cool, great decor, interesting. The food was outstanding. I had roasted duck with cornbread dressing and collard greens. It was perfect. My husband had a shrimp wedge salad and he said he would eat it every day, the rest of his life if he could. I love the wall of plaques in the hallways declaring employee of the year - I think that's why the service was so great. Extra motivation to go the extra mile, show that management recognizes hard workers. I would highly recommend this place. My only issue is the couple tweeks (no egg, etc) weren't honored. I don't know if that was server or kitchen but it wasn't worth fussing about because everything else was amazing.We were walking by looking for a cosy restaurant with live music because we are here for 5 days so we wanted to experience the New Orleans music. This place has live music and we didn't need a reservation. Unfortunately with the Christmas parties we couldn't enjoy it, as big groups were sitting next to us and they were too loud. The food was exceptionally delicious, we had red fish and shrimp with grits. They are flexible with changing the dish to suit our taste. Good for groups, dinner and lunch. Their dessert menu amazing. We had cream brûlée which I couldn't stop eating ignoring my diet. The seating area is concede red as big with many tables around the place and they seam to have another seating area upstairs. The staff are really friendly. They don't have many options for hot drinks. We got the early gray tea and americano.All the food that our party selected was excellent! The meat pies and boudin balls for appetizers wee great. The shrimp and grits was amazing. Equally delicious was the crawfish Mac & cheese, the stuffed shrimp, and the crab cake. Great little joint!Long wait for a table and for our food. We were a group of 8 but long wait for dinner was blamed on other large groups. Sad to see so many sit and leave while we waited. Staff was courteous and food was good. Ate upstairs so we didn't hear the live band.Not my choice for dining this evening, we had a coupon though from our bell man at the hotel. Ordered their house IPA, wasn't impressed. For dinner I ordered the baby back ribs under recommendation from our waiter. The ribs were over cooked and mushy. My partners in crime ordered the crab cakes and shrimp, they loved it. Won't be returning here next time I'm in town.Good food and solid beer. I love the bbq sauce.This place had a good etouffe and great crawfish Mac and cheese. An appetizer and entree portion was enough for two. The courtyard for outdoor seating is an added bonus. The beers are very good! 
The waitress kept on pushing menu items - didn't find that appealing. 
I'd go again for sure!All around disappointment. This place is here to serve as nothing more than a meeting place for tourists.
The beer was as standard as can be, and just not very good tasting. I tried both their ale and pilsner, and both land solidly near the bottom of my list, in their respective categories. The food was decent bar fare, with the oysters being the highlight, and garnering them both stars. The service was distracted and disconnected, as if she was somewhere else entirely.
The biggest sting to this story is the price. 2 beers, 3 appetizers, $40. If any of the items were worth it, I'd not complain, but the food was decent at best and the beer, pretty bad . This is, again, a place poised merely to soak the tourist.Food here was very good.  The beer is even better.  They have in house drafts that are great.  Good atmosphere and they had a real nice jazz band playing.Not impressed at all. Horrible service! Food is just ok. Beer was good. Don't waste your time. Much better place across the street  at Jackson Brewery!Party of 6 ate dinner here on a Friday night.  They only serve their own beers and we tried 3 or 4 of them and none of them were very good.  The food was mediocre at best.  I had the blt which came with some romaine greens and a vinaigrette on the side.  The dressing was great, the sandwich was fine.  My husband had the crispy chicken salad.  The chicken was great.  The ranch dressing was awful, the honey mustard was pretty good.  No one was impressed.  Would not recommend.Great location for a brewpub and amazing jazz in the heart of action.   Had a couple brews and a old fashion at the bar.   No wait to get a seat at the bar.   (Place is pretty large and clean.)  
  The IPA was drinkable, it was like making love to a beer for the first time.   Service was attentive.  They have a beer / branded collector glass deal that gives you a discount on the beer if you buy the pint glass.
A great joint to grab a beer if you are in the area and meet some ladies.The 5 stars is for our bar experience with a fabulous Drexler- this dude ROCKS!  We came in twice with my family and each time his WONDERFUL playfulness and sense of humor made our trip.  He especially enjoyed my mom, who in a brewery finished enough iced tea to feed an army (is that a saying?  Who knows!  And to her defense it was like 100 degrees out).  
The food was decent/ good- nice bar food- recommend getting the alligator for sure.  And the beer was good too- I had the black IPA and my bf had the Weiss which he was over the moon for, and then the Black Forest which he enjoyed as well.
Definitely worth the stop if you are around the area, and just want a laid back environment, fast/ VERY friendly server, and good food/ beer!Over priced and ok service. What really upset us was that we tried to go up on the balcony after we ate and they said it's only reserved for dinner. We just ate and paid our bill and were denied going on the balcony. So after spending over $50 we couldn't go on an empty balcony. We weren't told by the server about the balcony option when asking for a table. I had a stomach ache the rest of the evening after my alligator/pork PO boy.Been here a few times typically with pickle eaters. The menu has an option for everyone. I recommend getting the beer sampler why because it's a brewery and you get to try 5 good size beers for $8.50. They have an excellent Caesar salad (grilled chicken)! I also enjoy their chicken wings! 
Take a look on the walls they have some pretty interesting art for sale.
They have a court yard for outside dining for all those who are interested In that. 
One final tip/suggestion they have more bathrooms upstairs. Down stairs they have two single bathrooms.NOLA has disappointingly few breweries: in fact, this was the only one we were able to visit on our trip, as sadly they all seemed to be closed on Sundays. The beer flight was reasonably priced and most were either average or above average. Food was good, and our server was excellent. Best of all, there was no wait for seating on a Friday evening.Large brew pub in a nice, relaxing space,
I was sipping fresh brew with a smile on my face.
But the beer itself was rather short rate,
Although our server was absolutely great.
Came on a Saturday afternoon to start the day off right. My friends and I all ordered different beers in giant glasses- I got a seasonal summer beer. It was light and crisp but the overall flavor was off. I had sips of some of the other ones and they were all just OK.
Our server knew what he was doing, though. This guy had a commanding waxed mustache and was amiable the entire time we were there. The huge smile never left his face. Top notch service, slightly below average beer.This was our only unplanned meal of our recent trip to New Orleans.  We needed a quick place close by to eat and grab a couple beers before going on a ghost tour.  
The beer was good, but it was the chicken wings that stole the show.  They were pricey at 7.95 and an order only comes with 6, but they were really good.  They were crispy and the sauce was really good.   We also split an the oyster club.  It was a great sandwich.  It was huge.  Can't imagine eating the whole thing.  Filled with oysters and very creatively topped with radishes, cabbage, and other things that I can't even remember.  
Definitely a little touristy, but the food and beer was very good.The concierge at our hotel suggested this place claiming it would be great for families. Hostess greeted us warmly and quickly seated us (we did have a reservation). Server was training someone and was very attentive. First negative--- advertised a locally made IPA they didn't have. We ordered alligator bites for appetizer and our two year old loved them. Those over ten found them rubbery and overly greasy. Entrees-- my ten year old really enjoyed crawfish Mac and cheese. It was presented nicely and nice proportion. My wife had a hamburger and it was not good nor were the fries. Seemed to just be frozen foods microwaved. I ordered red fish pontchartrain and the soft shell crab was delicious. For $30 the portion was small, but good. We enjoyed the live music at front of restaurant. We ordered dessert- two creme brûlée and they were overlooked and not good. The bathrooms were really dirty which really was a turn off.Food was good! Had shrimp and grits/ pork empanadas and a few other things. Very good -service was good as well. Great start to my week in NOLA!This place is a blast in a glass! I love to take my family here to go eat for my birthday dinner celebration. It's right in the heart of New Orleans and serves delicious New Orleans themed dishes including fresh seafood. The staff is very friendly and I really enjoy the atmosphere and live music. I would definitely recommend it to tourists looking for a good time and good food.Honestly, I would rate this place a 3.5 star average. There were good items, and there were great items. Either way, this is one of the better restaurants on Decatur Street.  
We had seven persons in our group and stopped here for a late lunch. There were three or four other tables of dining pairs.  So, service was not an issue. We did not opt for outside dining as it was the first week of August and moderately humid.
We brought along a few 'tourist' coupons and were able to redeem them for a free entree and a free beer sampler.  Our entrees included: brewhouse blt, fried shrimp poboy, shrimp and grits, grilled mahi mahi on flatbread (grouper was sold-out). We did add a cup of seafood andouille gumbo as an appetizer and a tall Red Stallion beer to the table order.  The food was very good and enjoyed by everyone. 
The beer reviews were mixed.  None of the beer samplers ( pilsner, weiss (heffe), red stallion, or black forest ) were found to be full-bodied or malty.  The pilsner was floral and very light, but not hoppy. The weiss was lighter than many heffe's we have sampled, but was smooth and enjoyable. The red stallion was our favorite; it was closest to the description. The black forest was not found to be 'full-bodied' or possessing a rich malty flavor; again, too light bodied for a dark brew.
We enjoyed dining here and would recommend this restaurant to others.I am very surprised that this place garnered as many stars as it did. Poor service, bland and overpriced food, mediocre beer. Before our food came out, they took half of our table and we were left with a table the size of a postage stamp. We had to borrow a nearby chair to have room to put the condiments, bread, etc. My burger looked and tasted like a cafeteria burgher. Definitely steer clear. Sure is no gastropub!I had the ribs and it was pretty good. It went well with their in house craft beerFantastic shrimp and grits!  And the stuffed shrimp were pretty dang good too!  Even tried the alligator appetizer and was impressed!  Glad we decided to pop in and try this place out. It was delicious!!The hot wings were INCREDIBLE!!!  Some of the best we've ever had, seriously delicious!  They took a really long time to get to us (20 mins)but when they did, they were worth the wait.
Dinner on the other hand, wasn't really worth the wait and it was a LONG wait.  We almost had to leave w/out it as we were booked for a ghost tour and were close to missing our check-in time.  It was tasty though.
I was going to give 4 starts but our server was a jerk, and the wait time for food (it wasn't busy) was ridiculous, so I can't.I'm a huge fan of microbreweries and always try to lend my support, but this place produces below average beer.  My beer (the Weiss) tasted watery and too spicy at the same time.  There was just something off about it.  My partner had the Pilsner and felt similarly.  On the up side, the location is great and the environment inside is fun.I met a group of people at the Crescent City Brewhouse for some dinner and drinks.  If you have a big group, this place is big enough to handle it.  Plus it appeared there was an upstairs too.  So all y'all can eat together no problem.
The four of us at the end of the table just wanted to munch so we decided on an appetizer buffet to share.  That means we chose a bunch of appetizers and split them.
Baked brie with apple chutney and roasted garlic - OK I love roasted garlic and I love sweet with cheese so this was pretty damn good.  You can eat it with the bread or just shove it in your mouth straight up.
Baked oysters three ways - these were good and one of the renditions was pleasantly spicy but it wasn't as good as the Bourbon House's oysters.
Seafood cheesecake - I was scared of this because I don't like dessert cheesecake and I wasn't sure exactly what was going to come out.  This was made with crawfish, shrimp, and cheeses made into a big "cake" and topped with shrimp and crab meat in a red pepper mayo.  I also don't usually like mayo but all of this together freakin worked.  It was really good but definitely split it because it was rich...and heavenly.
Louisiana crab cake - good, standard crab cake with a good sauce on top
Acadian egg roll - crawfish and pork with usual type veggies. Meh, I don't like egg rolls very much (I know, I'm weird) and these weren't an exception.  Do without.
Vodka soda - always refreshing!
Service was good and our lady was friendly but seemed stressed (probably because the place was packed out and she had huge tables full of people).  But unless you clearly mark that you can't run 4 cards then you shouldn't say "I'll be back in an hour with these" under your breath.  Doesn't make me want to leave you any extra above that tip you know?  But I did anyway because she was working hard so I let the attitude slide.
Overall an A-OK place to grab food, beer or drinks, and hang out with your friends.Large and comfortable spot with character.  Food was ok, didnt blow me away, and brews were good.  
Jazz trio that was supposed to play was mainly on break, which was a bummer.Stopped in here for lunch last weekend. I got the Pasta Jambalaya and it was great. Just the right amount of heat. Service was good as well.The seafood here is outstanding. Best raw oysters ever. Stuffed shrimp outstanding.  Always eat here when in New Orleans.Got the 5 beer sampler and a half dozen raw oysters. Having been in New Orleans many times i actually had never stopped in but I took a tour we were on the guide told us to try to and people watch. So we did and man I am glad we went. The beer was good, and the oysters were shucked perfectly, and they were nicely sized. With the horse radish, man you can't go wrong!!Nothing special. The staff was unpleasant, they were laughing at the group of 3 women next to us because they ordered 3 coffees at a brewery. Disappointing, I would not advise going hereIt was an OK food experience, great restaurant experience.  I had the wings and the Shrimp n' Grits.  I've had better Shrimp n' Grits in Savannah, GA, so I probably won't return for those.
The restaurant itself is very cool.  Great atmosphere with a live band playing in the corner.  Kind of an older, rustic (New Orleans) bar scene.  Would definitely return to try some different food and listen to the music.Well, I was really hoping for a fantastic brewpub experience, but this seemed like a phoned-in tourist trap near Jackson Square.  
Prices were pretty high for the type of food I got.  Po-boy shrimp sandwich, which didn't particularly stand out, was $13.  Beer was a bit on the expensive side, which would have been fine if the beer was good, but it was just mediocre.  Our waiter seemed to resent us sitting on the balcony for some reason.
Of the two people I went with, both enjoyed their food, but shared my sentiments with regard to the beer.  Maybe I set the bar too high, but this place did not live up to expectations.I had the displeasure of dining at this restaurant on Saturday night. I will say the food was delicious, over priced but yummy none the less.
  I was a part of a 13 top of ladies celebrating my sisters bachelorette party. We had a server that was lacking in personality and knowledge. When one of our girls ordered a mint julip she said she didn't know what that was and asked if a mojito would be okay instead. She also was slow to bring our requests and seemed put out when we asked for anything. The kicker was when the check came. They don't offer separate checks - it's inconvenient but we worked it out. We paid with multiple cards and put our total on the check that included out tax and gratuity. When we got our vouchers back she had added gratuity on top of our totals. When we questioned her about it she became incrediably defensive and combative. The manager got involved and resolved the situation for us. 
This whole experience was the strangest thing I've ever had happen to me while I was dining out. A waitress that was fighting back with her guests?  I am married to a restaurant manager and am in the industry myself so I was really shocked at how it all happened. The worst part about it all was that was our last night out together to celebrate and that added about 45 mins to our "dining experience". I am not a local so I won't be back, ever. There are too many amazing dining options in New Orleans to waste your time here. You can find good food anywhere, a bad server will ruin the best entree you've ever had.Food was good but I was dissapointed by the portion size.  My $24 entree was shrimp stuffed with crab, augratin potatoes and asparagus.  The meal included 5 shrimps (about 2 inches in diameter), 3 five inch sparagus, and a 3 x 3 x 1/2 inch square of potatos augratin.  To be honest, my entree was so small that it looked more like and appetizer than a main course.  My 6 ounce margarita glass was full of ice and cost $9.  This was no fine dinning place, it was loud, and even the waiter disagreed with the chef's choice to reduce portion sizes.  My friends were also dissapointed with their Tuna fillet; the menu stated that their dish included shrimp, but none were found in their dish.  My friends talked to the manager about this oversight and he didnt even adjust their bill.  To make a long story short, this will be my first and last visit to this tourist trap.  At the end I spent $40 on my meal, and I was still hungry.  There are plenty of better places within walking distance that will beat this place in quality and value.  For example "Olivier's" which is also on Decatur St., or if you want good seafood, go to Deanies on Iberville St.I have come here twice on vacation and would come back again. Super friendly staff. Very prompt service. Cool bar and patio. 
Love the food. Oysters are so tasty and fresh!! Watch him shuck them at the bar. We also had the stuffed shrimp and Redfish that the waitress recommended. Both were excellent. Not too heavy with the sauces. Perfectly cooked fish. Very good!!Best pub in NOLA. The five brew sampler was a tasty treat to go with the baked brie appetizer. Food was fab and the service was entertaining. Our server was a complete ditz but she was honest about it. It's a good hangout spot to meet friends, come on a date, or get some writing done during any lulls throughout the day. The interior is awesome and if the crowds say anything, it's definitely a popular place for all.The beer was excellent and the menu selection was good at a reasonable price. I got the pasta jambalaya, which was a unique entree and was delicious. I will be back.This brewhouse has a great location.  I sat on the upstairs patio which overlooks the shopping district on Decatur street.  Also, the Mississippi River is literally across the street.  I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  I had a po boy with a side of fries and it was delicious.  I was equally surprised by how bad the beer was coming from an establishment that calls itself a brewhouse.  I ordered a pint of their Oktoberfest and it was awful.  Maybe it was just a bad keg but this beer tasted flat and stale.  Come here for the food and the views not the beer.This was a great first stop on our trip to New Orleans. We went on a Friday afternoon and walked right in. The waitress was very helpful and talked us through the beers they brew. 
For appetizers, we had the oysters baked three ways and the boudin balls. I recommend both. 
For lunch, we had:
- Shrimp poboy: highly recommend, the shrimp were battered and fried perfectly 
- Catfish tacos: these were very good, but I preferred the poboy
- BLT: delicious, and the bacon was particularly good 
I would definitely go back.Ohhhhh nawwwwwleans, why do you have to be such an amazing city, with even better food.  My friend and I decided to put on our fancy pants and venture over to Crescent City Brewhouse for a nice dinner.  We were greeted by friendly faces and we were seated right away.  We started off with the oysters (it was my first time trying them) and they were good, but according to my friend who is an oyster lover, said that they were extremely fresh and really really good!  Awesome!  We also ordered a flight of their beers.  The beers were ok, but this is coming from two complete craft beer snobs that are active in the craft beer community.  We order the prime beef ribs (so fatty, not impressed) and I believe the duck (my friend really enjoyed it).  Finished dinner off with the bread pudding which was out of this world.  All in all, for the price we paid,  the food did not reach the bar, but as far as ambiance goes, I loved everything about it (live band is a plus) and service was excellent.  I would say I was glad to have came to Crescent City Brewhouse.Solid 4 stars here. Shrimp po boy, BLT and pulled pork sandwiches were delish. Loved the live jazz music! Our waitress was somewhat hard to hear over the noise but was very attentive. It might be a bit touristy, but hey, I'm a tourist! I'd recommend this place to anyone.Well then, let us take a time machine back to the late 1980s when craft beer was just starting to appear on the market and Americans thought fine imports like Heineken were the best things they could get. Those days are over for most of us, but not for Crescent City Brewhouse, which still makes beer with the intention of being vaguely better than American macrobrews. 
I ordered a sampler of their beers and tried them in order of darkness (remember, that is the model of the 1990s brewpub: blonde, red, black). Pilsner was lousy. Straight up. I think I would rather drink a PBR. Weiss beer was passable. Red Stallion, their signature Vienna lager, was uninspired at best and bad at worst. Black Forest was passable. Holiday Bock was just sugary malts without much effort. 
I understand that you have been brewing these same beers for years and might be reluctant or scared to try something new, but you have no excuse with the limited edition beers. Indeed, there is no excuse for any of them. I am sure that there are hundreds of brewers who know what they are doing and would love to work in a fine establishment such as this. Get your game together. \
The food looked fine and the restaurant looked nice, but the beer (and remember that this is a brewhouse) was at an unacceptably low level and at a high price.The food here was off the chart good. We had the baked Brie appetizer and it was fantastic. It was served with roast garlic and stewed apples, yummy! The duck with the pepper jelly glaze was possibly the best duck I have ever eaten, if you are a duck fan, get it (even if you aren't seriously consider it). We ordered three of there desserts and they were the perfect size and the best desserts we've had on the trip. The almond and chocolate mousse is something really special and I highly recommend it. The beer expert in the family gives this place high marks on beer. The only reason this gets four stars and bit five is that the live music they advertise on Friday and Saturday nights is not great and we hardly noticed throughout the meal. Go here for the food not the musicThe beer is good, although not exceptional, but I come here for the total experience, which I think is great.  The atmosphere is inviting and large enough to not feel crowded, even when it is busy.  I prefer to sit at the bar, preferably close to the front, near the oyster bar.  It can be very entertaining to watch the oyster shuckers at work.  Speaking of entertainment, there is often a superb jazz ensemble playing near the main entrance.  The food is solid as well.  Many seafood items populate the menu with local influences evident.  The chefs recently revised the menu, adding some global infusions as well.  I ordered the Softshell Crab and Scallops, served over Udon Noodles, accompanied by a vegetable medlly, featuring several whole, roasted garlic cloves - delicious!I'm surprised by some of the other reviews because our experience was great! The waitress was very attentive & helpful(sorry I didn't catch her name )the Bloody Mary was good & the red fish was The Best ! My husband had The Grouper & he loved his too! 
I thought this was a awesome place for a  casual lunch in the afternoon!A friend and I sat on the balcony to enjoy the beer and food.  The stout and IPA were amazing.  We shared hot wings, gumbo and crab cake.  All the food was great.  The crab cake was served on a fried green tomato - yum.  My favorite was the gumbo.  You can never go wrong with wings - so finger licking good.  A great choice.Loved it just as much this time as I did the first, but this time I actually tried the food. Good baked oyster dish, although the Rockerfeller oysters were a bit much - heavy on the spinach - the saffron choice was delectable though.
Good beer. Good food. Great location across the street from the river.
The bartender was funny and a fine tradesman to say the least.
Outside of the cockroach the scurried across the bar, the experience was great.Service was good.  Chef was kinda rude about our requests, though.  Whole place smells like hops--not inherently bad, but still kinda meh.  Food was decent, but not very impressive.  Kinda pricy.  I dunno.  It was fine.Eat oysters! Love the oysters! And enjoy the oysters! It was Saturday night in the French quarter and we needed oysters. It was probably going to be a long wait anywhere. So - we wondered down to get some drinks at this brewery.  (Good brewery too!)
Much to our surprise - we found a table at the bar. Were able to order all the food on the menu from the bar. Two dozen oysters, baked brie, lots of beer and fairly good service. 
The oysters were better than Acme's as well. What a surprise since the people I was with had been there and thought these might not be as good. Nope - they were even better. 
Definitely will come back for the drinks and oysters!Two stars because our server was amazing. Unfortunately, after the wonderful food we've had so far, this was a huge disappointment; soggy fish and over cooked steak.I had an AWFUL EXPERIENCE at Crescent City Brewhouse today. I ordered a dozen of wings for $12 and the register was down. Instead of offering me another payment option I stood there for 20 minutes as the bartender constantly swiped my card and then rebooted the machine. The staff continued to serve guest without warning them that the machine was down. The manager soon comes and I ask him "If there is another payment option" he then turns around without answering my question and talks to the bartender. The bartender then says I can't let him leave and writes down my card information, my name, exp date and number cc number on the back. I then say to him "You know I really don't feel comfortable leaving here with you having all of my information all over $12 wings" He says yea I understand but thats all I can do. I then say to him "I should have been back to work 30 minutes ago, can I go and get cash back from a store?" He says sure I understand and tells me I have to leave him with something. I then give him my i.d. and walk to CVS to spend $2.50 on a gatorade just to get cash back to pay for an appetizer. I am mostly disappointed in the manager for his lack of response, the staff for continuing to take orders and I honestly believe several people have walked out of the restaurant and DID NOT PAY.MEH! I wanted to like this place just because it was funky and had a different vibe with all the quirky lights and hipster servers. I'm a HUGE fan of micro brewing houses that have food as an after thought to awesome beer. Their beer was boring and flat, obviously they need to go back to square one and start over. The food menu sounded great but watching it all come out was disappointing. We ordered the micro brew sampler so we could try their homemade brews and then order which one we all liked best. We also ordered oysters as a starter. That is as far as we got, we got the tab after that and left. Brian our server was awesome in typical Ginger style, an was the best part of the hour.We had lunch here on a bright sunny day on the balcony up top. It was a real treat. I had a Cesar salad with fried shrimp. The lettuce was served in large slices. It was a fun twist. The croutons were fresh made. The craft beer was cold and refreshing. I would recommend a stop here.If you're gonna brew your own beer, it better be great.  This wasn't anyting special. $10 for a ho-hum beer.  Ah no.My boyfriend and I were vacationing in New Orleans and we were trying to find a restaurant that had room for us for balcony seating. The hostess (although the balcony was full) said she would let us know as soon as a table outside was ready and suggested we have a drink at the bar. Our bartender was great an explained each drink to us in detail. He convinced me to try the Primms Cup and it was delicious!! I tried this native drink at other local bars in that area and non compared to his mixture. We finally got a table and our waiter Benni was awesome! He was friendly, presentable, funny, and just totally has a vibrant personality. My boyfriend got the beef prime ribs and I got the crab stuffed shrimp (I believe it was called). My entree was delicious but I wish there were a few more potatoes. The ribs were out of this world! I didn't think the crab stuffed shrimp would fill me up but it actually did. Maybe order a side salad with this entree to be safe.Over $8 for a shitty pint of their own brew. Why the hell would you go here and buy one when you can go to numerous other bars in the Quarter and get better beer for half the price? 
It was the one bad move my friend and I made on our trip to NOLA.You're paying for the location. Which is odd since your "view" is a busy street and parking lot.
My husband and I stopped here for lunch today, and color me not impressed. We got to sit on the balcony, which was lovely, but how it's set up makes it a not hectic and chaotic up there with not a lot of space to function. It also allowed you to hear pretty much every conversation from every other table, which kind of ruined the atmosphere.
My husband tried the IPA and said it was good, not too hoppy. I think it's strange that they don't actually name any of their beers... The menu just lists them by their type name, i.e. "ipa" "pilsner" etc. 
The food is really nothing special. We both ordered the fried chicken sandwich which is described as "Chicken tenders lightly fried, tossed in a spicy honey glaze and topped with pickled cabbage and jalapeno. Served on a pretzel bun with fries." The chicken tenders were obviously frozen, and while the sauce was delicious, didn't add to the fact they were bland and chewy. As for the "pickled cabbage and jalapeno" there were absolutely no jalapenos on it, and the pickled cabbage just seemed like old vinegar cabbage slaw. It was all pink and soggy. Pretzel bun was a nice touch and the fries were great, albeit overly salted. I just really wasn't blown away by the food. Especially at $15 for that, one of the cheaper items on the menu that wasn't just a salad. 
Waiter was nice and refilled our water often, but seemed rushed, and I don't think he ever introduced himself, and when he took our order basically just walked up and said, "okay?" Not really sure what was going on, but all the wait staff seemed a bit frantic. Perhaps an overly busy memorial day? Either way, food was nothing to come back for, and there are plenty of other breweries in the city.First time in the French Quarter. We were starving. Food looked good on the menu outside. So we decided to give it a try. 
We ordered two appetizers. The crab cake and the Seafood Cheesecake. (I ordered the Seafood cheesecake as my meal). My husband ordered the Crab stuffed shrimp and our two girls ordered the kids chicken strips and fries. 
We sat there and sat there.  Nothing. 20 min goes by. Nothing. The waitress comes by. I wanted to go ahead and order a Brewed beer. Hoping I could time it to arrive with my meal. 
Drink arrives 10 min later. Still no food. Waitress says "I'll go check on it". 
We are at about 38 min now. She comes back to the table. Says "there's a huge party upstairs and it's thrown everything behind". In the meantime we ask why SEVERAL tables around us. Who were sat after us. Have already received their food? One table had already eaten and left. Again we are told "the party upstairs made the food late". No manager ever came to our table to see if there was anything we needed. We were offer d some French fries. Because our girls were starving and half asleep. We accepted them just to keep them happy. 
We are now at about 50 min into waiting. Still no food. 
I asked her again about my husbands appetizer Crab cake. She stated it was "almost done" and would be out very soon. 
About 5 min later. It arrives. While small and only one cake for the price of $13.95. He stated it was VERY good. 
The girls chicken tenders soon followed, as well as my seafood cheesecake. 
The girls chicken was cold. While my meal was small (as if was an appetizer) it was $12.95. By this time I was starving and it was a very small portion for me. But again. It was good. That is the only reason I gave this 2 stars. 
As we were finishing. The waitress finally came to the table one last time. To ask if things were okay, and to leave our check. In which nothing was comped. To which my husband began to explain to her that things were not okay. The experience overall was disappointing and the way it was not handled was upsetting. She began to argue back with him and they exchanged words before we paid the check. 
Needless to say. It was a huge check for some appetizers and crappy service.We came here as a recommendation from family and used yelp to help determine the best dishes to pick and Yelp did not let us down. The fresh Oysters were awesome and hit the spot.  We had a second appointee which was the Seafood cheesecake.  It did sound like a weird thing to get simply based in the expectation of what cheesecake is. However, this is the only savory cheesecake I have ever had and it was good.  My partner and I shared the shrimp and grits which were also good.
Our waitress was very good at helping us decide what to drink with dinner.  I did the beer sampler since this is a brewery. It was a very good choose for me.  Beyond helping with making drink choices our waitress provided excellent service. The live jazz music is very New Orleans and was not over powering.
I recommend making this a place to eat while in New Orleans.Wow, we were having a great experience here. Waiter was on point, gumbo was great. Ombience was pleasant. However, when I got my bill, I was sadly disappointed. This restaurant charges $3.00 for a three ounce cup of coffee and $3.00 for every single refill. 
After speaking with several employees, I discovered that management here encourages waiters to not tell customers of this hidden charge, but encourages them to keep your three ounce cup full. I drank three cups, my wife had two cups. I'm talking three ounce cups, do the math; yep, $15.00 for 15 ounces of coffee. A grand total of about one scoop of coffee grind. Man, this  is so sad and very poor judgement from management. Thought I discovered a gem in New Orleans, but I absolutely hate greed. No recomendation from me. I recommend a no show for these over priced cheap skates.I must admit I have a soft spot for this place as it was the only restaurant on New Year's Eve that was open late and not disgustingly crowded.  We were starving after running around all night and staying up for the festivities (which werent all that interesting, but that's a different review).
We started with the gourmet deli board which had a nice selection of different meats, cheeses, and jams.  It was delicious--the items on the board complemented each other.  However, that's about where the goodness ends.  He had a burger which was ok and I had an oyster po boy which didnt taste like anything--just fried mass and pickles on a bun.  We tried the bread pudding which was really dry and nasty.  
And the beers?  I am not a beer person, but my boyfriend is and he was not impressed.  And this place is not cheap so we really expected more.  Then again, it was refuge from the chaos of New Year's Eve so I give it love for that.Loved it! Started with the best crab cake I've ever had. Perfect proportions with a fried green tomato on the bottom, just great. Had the red fish stuffed with crab also great. This is a brewing company, had the dark dunkelwessen (sp.) it was ok. Wife had the pilsner, it was just ok as well. Had better at Rogue River and other micro brewers. Don't come for the beer, but the food is awesome. Service was wonderful, sweet girl wish we had gotten her name to compliment her here. Had a really good time.The beer is excellent but food options were limited. Come for the beer and go somewhere else to eat unless you are into crawfish and such in which case you will love the placeService was great and friendly. We were seated promptly and everything came out as ordered right on time. The location is the best there is. We sat on the upstairs balcony and you can see all the hustle and bustle of the French quarter below and we happened to be there at the same time as one of the Natchez steamboat calliope shows. Neat! Food was also good. We got the crawfish Mac n cheese and the oyster club sandwich. The oyster club sandwich is something to come here for! It's very different and very delicious. 
We also got the 6 sampling beer flight which I have to say was a disappointment for it being a brew pub. The best one was the Pilsner which is kind of sad. They list descriptions of many of the beers but a lot of them are missing the actual style on the description.  
Go here for the food, the service and the location. Skip the beer.All-around unpleasant experience. The waiter didn't manage to get waters to our table until we'd been seated for over 15 minutes. Their locally-brewed "pilsner" tastes like feet. The BLT which is described as having "crispy bacon" actually has limp, cold flops of uncooked bacon. The "brioche" bun was a hard hamburger bun. Basically yuck-o with slow, inefficient service. So many better options nearby.I love the band that plays on Friday night and I love the décor, but there isn't much more I like.  When we didn't order a big bunch of food, we were still treated nicely by our server and not rushed off.   I tried the gumbo which was okay, but served warm instead of hot.  I tried the Brewhouse salad which was okay, with ranch dressing.  I tried the famed Bloody Mary which was lacking anything memorable, or worth the calories.  Again, love the Friday night band!  BTW I tried to find out the name of the band for the possibility of buying something on  ITunes, but no one working there knew the name of the band.Delicious food with a good selection of beer, a full bar, friendly staff and great jazz music on a Friday night. Had a selection of two kinds of ribs, shrimp and grits and stuffed shrimp, and all of the food was outstanding. May not look like much from the outside along Decauter, but I'm very happy we stopped by!I really wanted to give this place a good review.  The beer was at best mediocre. The service was great,  but I will not be coming back.I ordered a special menu option with gumbo and crab cakes... sounded great was a little pricey but I was like what the **** it, I'm on vacation. The gumbo had shrimp shells in it.. I pointed it out to the server and no one cared. Then I got my crab cakes and yet again shell and sharp hard shells which hurt, this time my server was like "I could have them re-make it" and I asked it that would help she said "No" 
First of all that is sad it is not hard to shell a shrimp or a crab just time consuming. Second of all shelling seafood is something you should master before working at a seafood restaurant!!!!! Then after making me eat shell after ****ing shell they refused to give a discount or give a **** about my food at all, trust me when I say I will never step food in this restaurant again!! 
On top of that the beer was mediocre the flavors were just as complex as a PBR. Last but not least the Oyster Bar guy was constantly pressuring ppl for tips and then complaining about his customer when they left... and the only reason I know is although it was the restaurant weekend brunch special it took for bloody ever to come out so I was there to witness a lot of BSRude & inattentive bartenders. Value your time and get a drink elsewhere. I came here since the reviews were descent, it wasn't too busy on a Wednesday night. Once I sat at the bar, the bartender with tattoos stood there with his elbow on the counter, glanced at me, and continued to stare out the door. Waited for 10 minutes before I got tired of being ignored.Stay away from here!
I stopped into this place on my random drunken bar hopping across downtown last night.
Now I will admit the hostess at the door was incredibly friendly and so was the other hostess on the second floor. However the bartender on the second floor had a real attitude problem. I sat there for like almost 10 minutes. Finally I got tired of waiting and tried to get the attention and tried to ask one of the 2 ladies behind the counter (the darker haired one). Well the red headed lady proceeded to get a pissy little attitude about her. She looked at me and said,"well you don't talk to her, I'M THE BARTENDER HERE".  I really didn't appreciate being verbally assaulted like that. You would think that someone who receives part of their income from tips would be a little nicer to customers.This is the norm for most of the bars down in the french quarter, rude service I mean. When I asked the bartender what they had on tap she pointed to a beer list about 4 seats down and said,"look at that".Not very helpful this one was. Throughout the whole time I was there the lady kept giving me disgusting looks. I feel that I didn't do anything wrong to ever deserve something like that.Honestly that lady needs to be working in some 3rd rate nasty dive bar instead of a fancy place like this.
But anyways despite my earlier concerns I decided to order a beer. I tried their pilsner beer. It went down smooth but left a really foul after taste. Besides the bad taste it literally left in my mouth the total (tax included) was $8.23! All that for some nasty beer.
I will admit that this was a very beautiful upscale place. They even had a balcony so that you could do some people watching.But given the nasty beer and the horrible service I didn't even find it appealing anymore. I will note that I showed that lady my appreciation by leaving her a penny as a tip at the bar and leaving with a grin on my face!
In short fancy looking place,lousy beer,and bad service.I will not return here!We chose to come here based on other yelp reviews and the menu. However, this is Not the menu you get. We ordered the pasta jambalaya. On the restaurant's website it's priced at $16.95; however, in the restaurant, the price was $24.95. We also ordered the redfish, and that was $27.95. The waitress was very matter-of-fact, and we felt like we were bothering her. I guess since the gratuity is already included on the bill, she didn't care. When we got ready to pay, someone else came by to see how everything was, and we mentioned the price discrepancy. Her comment was that we were looking at the lunch menu. When I showed it to her, she brushed us off and said she'd pass it along. The food was OK, but nothing special.We sat at the bar had sparkling wine, beer, salad, oysters and wings. Amazing quality food and let me tell you... best wings I've ever had. That sauce on the wings is to die for.
Our bartender was awesome and the ambience was super chill and fun.I swear this was the best meal we had in new Orleans! I really just went there for the beer and was SO surprised at how wonderful the food was. We had shrimp & grits (the sauce was unbelievable,) crab augratin, and crab stuffed shrimp. It was all out of this world good!Lots of flys and the beers were so-so. Wouldn't come back.This place has some of the best beer I've ever drank.  I ate a couple of dozen oysters raw which were great, but so are they at nearly every spot along the coast.  My wife had the Pasta Jambalaya, which was so good that after her first bite she got that look on her face that told me it was Heavenly.  
All around, this place is A1.
If nothing else, do try the beer and if you have some time sit and listen to the jazz music.We stopped in for a late lunch and were blown away. The baked Brie was very good and the children's Mac and cheese was so good that she was digging in with two forks!! The adult entrees (grilled grouper flatbread, burger, étouffée, and BLT) were amazing!! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals! We also really liked the beer and in particular the Red was a hit! Definitely recommend this place, but come when you have some extra cash cause it's definitely not budget friendly!Their beer is OK, nothing to write home about.  The food is the same.  The location is great!  They do have some good live music on the weekends.Great brewery restaurant with all the NOLA feels. The oysters were fantastic and the seafood cheesecake was amazing! Red stallion draft was the perfect compliment.My family and I are here visiting for the first time. We decided to try this place out after reviewing the menu outside. Overall, clean and friendly place. I decided to try the 4 sample beer flight and they were pretty good, nothing mind blowing. For food, I ordered the shrimps and grits, it was very tasty but really small. If you don't eat a lot then is perfect, but I believe a normal eater would be hungry afterwards. Both of my parents ordered the burger and they were good. Our waitress Lauren was very friendly and attentive. Overall, it was a good experience.After doing the "Legendary Ghost Tour," our group happened upon this place. It was excellent. We shared the "seafood cheesecake," crabcake, Evelyn's Boudin Balls, baked brie w/apple chutney, burger and pulled pork sandwich. All items were delicious, the staff was friendly, and as a plus, the live music was great!We came here for our first dinner in NOLA. I got the shrimp poboy and a vodka tonic (not a beer drinker so can't comment on that). The poboy was a little dry but maybe that's just how they're made normally..? I hadn't had one before this so not sure. Overall though it was pretty good and I added hot sauce to it which helped make it a little more moist (sorry, everybody who hates that word) and give it a kick. Server was friendly and atmosphere is really nice.I organized a small get together for my boyfriends birthday with about 12 people. When I first called to get a reservation they acted very frazzled about having such a big group for dinner- I should have taken the hint and went somewhere else, but this place came recommended by a couple close friends, so I decided to follow through with the reservation. When we got there the hostesses were not exactly friendly, they were too busy talking to each other and laughing to care about customers. The told us to go up stairs and talk to another hostess about where our table was. We all got seated upstairs and had a few drinks from their VERY LIMITED beer and drink menu. The drinks and beer were unimpressive as was the food. The food was not at all warm when it got to our table and was just overall bland. Everyone was very disappointed in the overall service and food quality- considering our bill was $500 I expected at least good beer and good food. New Orleans is not exactly known for the best service, so after living here for a year I know to never expect that. We all left sober and still hungry. OHHH and they add on an 18% gratuity and refused to split up the check. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!My wife and I made our first visit to the Brewhouse.  My burger was delicious and my wife's Corned Beef Cubano was awesome. Great vibe, the staff was always checking on us, plus it was great to get a visit from the boss, Phil.  You MUST try the bread pudding, it's so delicious.  Not to mention, the Black Forest beer was great.  If you want a good place to be fed at the quarter, you won't be disappointed.The beer isn't horrible but it's not special either. And what brewery doesn't serve beer by the pint??  Nice atmosphere, but not really a place I'd seek out.We stopped at the Crescent City Brewhouse for a few drinks and a snack post-parade and pre-Bourbon St. It was one of the few places able to seat us immediately (though we had to race up to the second floor to snag a table), and both of us are craft beer drinkers, so it seemed like a win. The beers were kind of meh. Nothing really stood out to me. The food was equally meh. I was mostly impressed that we found somewhere with a seat! So in the end it was a win-lose... I guess it was a wash?The food is pretty good here if you're looking for a great atmosphere and some decent Cajun/Creole food, but it's a bit pricey for what you get. The drink selection is also not the greatest.The biggest draw for me here is the beer, specifically the beer sampler.  I love that I can share a set of 5 little beers if I'm really not sure what brew I want.  That said, the special brew is always excellent.  
I also love to combine sweet with savory and the baked brie with cinnamon apples on top with roasted garlic and bread is a good snack.  My husband and I were here around Oktoberfest and we shared something of the Oktoberfest menu.  The food is somewhat German inspired so there is a lot of meat and potatoes.
Other than that, they have some eye catching neon jelly fish over the bar.  They also frequently have a jazz band playing in the evening.  I have always found the staff to be friendly.  You don't even have to come inside the place and eat.  If you're just cruising down Decatur then just grab a beer to go from the to go window.  Yay fresh beer!This is my "go to" spot anytime I'm in the French Quarter. Freshly brewed German beer and excellent brew pub takes on classic Cajun and creole specialties. Some of the largest and best tasting fresh shucked Oysters in the Quarter. Terrific fried oyster club sandwich. Awesome live Jazz Band in the evening. I've been eating here for 15+ years and have NEVER been disappointed. Richie the bartender is one of the best people you'll ever meet in your travels! Don't leave New Orleans without drinking a Red Stallion!Food was excellent despite the long wait for the food. The Red Fish St Louis was fantastic. 
Their signature drink Fleur-de-Licious is surprisingly good. Will come again.Spent a good amount of time here one afternoon. By that I mean we ran up a $750 dollar tab. So needless to say I wasn't exactly in a sober state of mind when I was there but all of the food we had was amazing and the bar tender took great care of us. I split an alligator sausage po boy and the seafood jambalaya with a buddy and it might have been one of the best meals I had while I was in NOLA. The apps were great as well. Definitely recommend checking this place out.The vibe is really nice,  the drinks are good, my server is a sweetheart, but my food is a little blan (I ordered the jambalaya pasta) . Not completely but it is missing that New Orleans kick,  that intense thing. I would definitely come back, just not for food. Maybe just to hang around and  drink.If you get a chance to go here, do it! Best meal I've had since being in NOLA for 4 days, and the service from Bennie J was incredible! He was funny and outgoing and didn't get a single thing wrong. Props to his service and it I ever return I hope that nothing has changedWent on a Friday evening, and they had live music. It is definitely a "classier" bar. A friend and I just got drinks, but the bartender was personable; and I enjoyed getting a drink there.Amazing filet and jumbalaya!  No seasoning needed.  To the tee perfect!Came here while on a working vaca and did my pre-vaca research to find local brews while I had a break A couple of fellow attendees and I had just done a boat tour and were needing nourishment and luckily Crescent City popped up as a nearby/walkable place that was open. And beer!
We were quickly seated by their hostess and greeted by our waitress. She was quite kind to go thru the menu with us and give her favorite things to eat and drink. Went with the lunch crawfish etouffee which was phenomenal! Just overly expensive for the portion sizing [$18], even including the delicious potato salad. As we were winding our meal down a bunch of other attendees sat down and she did a great job taking care of both of our groups [collectively ~20 people]. 
They have a beer flight, but you can't hand-pick which of their limited selections to try. So that was quite a bummer and buzzkill. I really wanted to try both their seasonal black IPA and Weiss Beer but that wouldn't happen unless I ordered the most-expensive flight. So I took a risk and ordered a pint of the Weiss. Not bad, but not my most favorite beer ever. 
If you're absolutely dyinggg of hunger and thirst and can walk here, go for it. Otherwise you're better off going somewhere else in the neighborhood.Nice clean place and quit atmosphere. Good size juicy hamburgers and home brewed beer.Short review for a short visit.
My wife and I stopped in for a drink. Glad we did. Great beers and even better Bloody Mary's.
The Bloody Mary's are made from scratch and are awesome. We got some to go as well.
We were fortunate enough to enjoy the live jazz as well.This place is right next to the French Market Inn where we happened to be staying, and after flying in from Puerto Rico was a no-brainer first stop to grab a quick lunch and a beer before venturing out.  Turned out to be a really great first stop and nice introduction to the local food. I did not miss the opportunity to dive right into some gumbo. Everyone enjoyed their food and beer and that kicked-off the weekend for us in a very nice way.I make it a personal goal of mine to attend a brewery or brewpub in every location I visit. I wanted to stop here for lunch when I was visiting NOLA with some of my girlfriends.
I ordered a flight, it was decent, but not the best beer I've had. That's ok, I'm from Nor Cal and we love hoppy bittery IPA's, this is just different. When it came time to order food, the restaurant made me special friend green tomatoes and then questioned where I was from. (SHHH, the secret is, I had a friend from Tennessee who introduced them to me). These were the star of the show! 
When I go to NOLA again, I probably wouldn't come here. It was pricey and I didn't care too much for the beer, but it was a nice place to pop into for lunch.There beer is awesome and the service is A+++. They really try to accommodate anything you need. The beer has a good selection. I will be back again.Get the seafood cheesecake, just avoid the boudin balls.  Everything else on the menu is good!This place was on the fly. No yelp use to find this place 
Now my rating is based on the whole experience not just the food. 
With that said the food was easily 4 possibly 4+ stars. I was very impressed by my lunch portion 
Coming in on a Wednesday at lunch time the place was empty. No biggie. Sat quickly and served within a reasonable amount of time. 
I ordered the crab meat stuffed shrimp. Over an order of ratatouille. I must say... this dish was rather impressive. If you're looking for something worth trying at this establishment this is IT.  
However the service was odd. I was greeted sat down as per normal. The server came asked for my drink selection. I inquired about sweet or iced tea options. He responds that we only serve drinks with alcohol. I assume he's half joking so I just have a water and order my lunch. 
While waiting for my check I overhear the table next to me order and iced tea and receive one. So... I'm not sure if maybe I was misheard/misunderstood or that server was unaware of what drink options were available. All in all that was a weird experience.Good appetizers and brew their own beer,  enjoyed the seafood cheesecake and the sauce in the gator tail was excellent!Not bad.  Went here for a work reception and had catered appetizers.  Wish we could have ordered off the menu.  Nice place with decent food (probably because it was for a large group) and good music.Excellent experience!  Had a flight of beers - all good, most really good.  A dozen oysters - large - came as advertised.  Friendly people.  A great first stop on our way into the main action.Couldn't have asked for better food, service, music and beer for the price. We made New Years Eve reservations here but decided to go check it out a few days before. We ended up grabbing a few beers and listening to the live band for 2 hours! If it wasn't so late, we would have never left. The next night (still before New Years) we ended up going back for dinner and drinks after the Saints game and fell in love all over again. This time, we sat at the bar and split a house salad and a burger - DELICIOUS. The bartender the night before told us that all the sauces and dressings are made in house... the Ranch on our salad was the best I ever had.
But the best thing I ate our entire trip in New Orleans is their Duck. While the service wasn't the best on NYE, the duck I had that night was beyond incredible. The skin was perfectly crispy and flavorful. Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Met a college friend and her husband.  The Brewhouse 'summer bock' was great. I had more gumbo (for those that wanted to know). Was very good!  Betsy had an oyster club that sounded weird but she said tasted great!
A great place for tourists and locals alike!First things first, the Cajun michelada brewtail is perfection.
They have some pretty decent beers, though a small selection for a brewery. I would say they are more of a restaurant with a bonus brewhouse. They food was good, though I'm sure you can find more authentic food in the area. It is in a great location near Jackson Square.This restaurant is awesome!  Everything we had there was delicious! The manager there told us we had just been there a week or so, but was very attentive to all our needs as was our server!We stayed in town for six days and ate there a few times and each time was great! Also enjoyed talking with the oyster slayer Denzel at the bar, he and Tyrone are great guysGood beer & nice displays of local artists' work. I've never tried the food as it's pretty pricey and nothing on the menu particularly calls out to me.