I was a happy camper eating this after a long night of Hand grenades LOL. I ordered 2 for three of us girls and it was enough. The slices are huge and can easily be two slices. $4 for the plain slice of pizza. They heat it up quickly and you make your way to the register or get one of the pizza guys to charge you. You can get beer and soda here as well. The pizza was not crisp on the bottom but it had such good flavor. The sauce tasted fresh and there was an abundant amount of cheese. Yum yum it was good. Next time I'll try one of the fancy ones.I know, I know when NOLA eat Louisiana food but one night we were just too damn tired to locate local so popped in here. Guess what? When back got another slice each. 
No beer on tap although taps are there. BummerGoooood pizza. Be sure to stop by. Seating is limited but it's worth grab a piece of the speciality slices.AMAZING!!!!!!! Oh my goodness! Second to New York! So good and quick. Pizza slices are about $5 a pop and a whole pizza is about $25 with 6 slices. Even on a busy night they are pretty quick and have a variety of flavors. I definitely will Be back each trip for this pizza.There is absolutely NOTHING i can complain about! Besides this hidden gem being located on Bourbon.. but is that really all so bad? It's BOURBON!
Stopped in last night after a couple of hours on bourbon for a late snack and was nothing short of fulfilled and satisfied! I love this place! Pizza is always fresh and they re-heat it before they serve it.
Try the chicken bacon ranch pizza! You will not be disappointed!!!Yes, if you're drunk on Bourbon St I'm sure this is a great option. If you're sober and have a standard for good pizza it's not. Shame on these "NYers who know their pizza." Reviews- Stop i
 Friendly and fast service and easily accessible. I wouldn't say avoid but the expectation for a NY slice is not in order.This place can easily be missed because it's a small pizza place off of Bourbon St. Please do yourself a favor and stop in here!
Small and cozy, this place offers NY style pizza and it's packed with flavor! They do a good job of bringing NY style pizza to NOLA! I ordered a cheese slice and even though I had no toppings, I'm raving about this place!
The location wasn't the cleanest but hey, there was an outlet next to the bar seating area so I was able to conveniently charge my phone after a day of sightseeing. 
Prices were a little high, but it's worth paying more for quality food.Surprisingly great!!! Being born and raised in the NY/NJ area, I KNOW pizza. 
The speciality pizzas here were quiet tasty. The only downfall is the only "spices" they had were red pepper flakes and Parmesan cheese. I'd like to see some salt or garlic salt! Other than that, great pizza!!
I recommend the spinach and mushrooms!Delicious Pizza! Huge slices, and a steal for $4.50-$5.50 a slice! Several delicious varieties as well! In and out quickly...thin, and delicious!Pretty reasonable tasty pizzas. Definitely fills a need at 11pm when hunting for food in an area very limited by decent choices at this time of night.I went to New Orleans 8 months ago, and tasted the BEST pizza of my life! I haven't been able to find any other pizza that taste this good.  It's on Bourbon St., so I went back the next day just to make sure it wasn't because I was drinking the night before. Nope! it was still excellent. This will be my first stop when we come back.If you like doughy, cold, greasy pizza by the slice then this place is for you! Overpriced and disgusting.Yaaaaaaaaas!! Spin-A-Shroom til the day I D-I-E! Life-giving after a day or night (or both) in Nola. I miss this place when I leave.So you know that late night spot you go to when you've had a couple and ain't nobody trying to sit down and eat at a preppy restaurant... Yeah Crescent City is that after hours  that fills your soul up .. The pizza is greatStopped in for a late night bite and assumed it would be better than the usual Bourbon Street trash pizza based off the few Yelp reviews and the long line. Went with a cheeseburger pizza (having pickles, mustard, and ketchup on a pizza intrigued me) and for my second slice I went with some chicken specialty slice they had. They didn't have a crazy huge selection but the had the usual pepperoni and cheese slices available and a few other unique ones. Regular slice was $4 and the specialty ones were$4.50/vegetarian $5/meat. The bottle of water was $3, which I thought was ridiculous. When I questioned the counter girl, her response was,"it's New Orleans." 
The toppings flavor itself was a four and a half stars, but the crust was so soggy, it took it down a lot. 
It is better than any other Bourbon Street pizza I have had, but the crust really stunk. After a few Hurricanes or Hand Grenades I would return, but definitely not craving this place.Crescent City Pizza is an oasis in a desert of seemingly never-ending terrible pizza places on Bourbon Street. Each night, we would look for the LED sign and get on line. The pizza was actually delicious - so much so that we went back during the day to make sure we still thought so at a time when our opinions were not hindered by the Hurricanes we had ingested. Sure enough, the pizza held up. A solid place for lunch, dinner, or ending your night - definitely do not over look Crescent City Pizza.Pizza was OK. Good location, TVs, open air, but not enough seating. NY-style but not real NY pizza. Greasy, but hit the spot while boozin'.Great tasting pizza. I had the cheese burger one. Tastes like a burger. A little salty for me, I can see this being really really tasty if I was wasted. I also tasted the pepperoni it's legit.  Good stuff would eat here a again.Bomb ass pizza! Had them one night while drunk on bourbon a year ago. This time we stopped by during the day right after a ghost tour and it was still great. Got the veggie slice and pepperoni slice, it was so good I debated about getting the buffalo chicken slice but decided not to because I knew I wouldn't finish it (I'm a small meals, eat 5xs a day kinda person).  Also this place looks and feels clean! A nice break from the grungy feel on bourbon we're all used to.Taste!  Whole family enjoyed it! Big cheesy, chicken bacon krunch, spin n'shroom, Green, piggy pepperoni pie!  And beer, of course.The pizza wasn't bad but the women at the counter was rude and hateful.  Her name was Lacey.  She was very rude when we ordered and then proceeded to roll her eyes when I asked for a receipt (to turn in since this is a business trip).  Will never go back because of the staff.Continuing our NOLA pizza tour, I'd like to throw Crescent City Pizza Works in the ring. And y'all, let me tell you, they win.
We started searching for a pizza joint to eat an early lunch, and initially were going somewhere else, but that place, although they advertised being open at 11, didn't have any pizzas made and ready at 11:10. 
THANK YOU, other pizza place, for allowing us to find Crescent City Pizza Works! We walked in, and they actually only had 4 out of the normal 8 pizzas made, but they let us in to eat anyway. The staff was so nice to us, and the pizza? 
Oh. My. Gahhhd. It was amazing. We split 3 huge pieces between two of us - cheese, pepperoni, and a delicious pesto/green tomato creation. 
100% recommend if you're on or near Bourbon and want some of the best pizza ever.This is much better than expected and a welcome surprise that rises above the neighboring quality.Great NY style pizza in the heart of Bourbon.  Don't waste time on the other places.  Would have given it a solid 5star review but for the plain cheese slicw was light on the cheese.  Can't make such a delicious pizza without just enough cheese. Guys behind the counter provided wonderful customer service, and place was immaculately clean! Look forward to coming back.Wonderful service, awesome pizza, good music! If you need some food during a long night of drinking, don't pass this place up.Nothing better while walking the streets drinking, jamming to some street music, and taking the NOLA vibes in than a hot slice of NY style pizza!
This place is cool and delicious! I'm not a pizza snob, but I know good stuff when I see it...this is right up there!This is my all time favorite late night pizza stop in the French Quarter. The slices are large and filing. The pies are baked fresh in front of you. I had a chicken, bacon slice that had kettle chips on it....and though it sounds odd...it was AMAZING!!! The crowd varies as from night wears on and can be crowded with a wait or empty without any waiting. They have regular slices like pepperoni or cheese but step outside the box and try something different. Seating is around the edges and out of the way of the line and customers. The music is loud. Overall one of the best slices I've had and definitely reasonable.Quick service, great staff, yummy pizza! A great way to start or end the night. The pepper pizza were so good.The chicken crunch pizza is amazing, the chips don't get soggy! And it adds a great crunch hints the name. 5$ a slice can't beat itI was just a singular unit in a bachelor party in a sea of hundreds, perhaps thousands, of other bachelor parties streaming through the Bourbon Street primordial soup, amoebas bouncing from one tourist trap to the next. We developed a late night craving for pizza, and an appendage of our party gravitated to a one star, frozen daquiri swirling establishment nearby, and we got pulled in. 
Then I saw it. Like a beacon in the night, a queue lining up, Crescent City Pizza Works with its enormous pizza discs floating like halos in a davinci painting, workers dutifully cooking away. I pulled us out of the tourist trap and in, and what a tremendously great choice. There were eight of us and most got something different, and every one of them was a hit. Large, generous slices, succulent thin crust, ample cheese and toppings. So glad we found it. The price was right, the line moved fast, and the night was saved.
Highly recommended.This may be the best pizza I've ever had... and I'm a hard sell on pizza! Shayne was amazing and super nice! We will be back!!I can only assume the other high reviews are because this establishment caters to people so intoxicated they've lost all feeling in their taste buds. This. Is. An. Affront. To. Pizza. The crust is both soggy and overdone. It is so greasy it literally drips onto the plate, your hand, your lap, your chin. There is no discernible flavor whatsoever beyond salt. The cheese pizza is overwhelmingly salty. So what you will get if you are drunk or silly enough to try pizza on Bourbon Street (as I stupidly was) is a floppy, soggy but still slightly burnt-tasting, greasy, salty cautionary tale of what happens when pizza goes terribly terribly wrong!
My true rating is actually 0 stars.Are you kidding me. Insane pizza . Why wouldn't you give it 5 stars. Best pizza in Louisiana . Period.While on Bourbon Street in NOLA, you realize that daiquiris & pizza is apparently a popular thing! A friend and I stopped and got a classic hurricane from a bar and were hungry so we stopped in this pizza place. 
The slices were BIG, and the types of pizza were intriguing. I got a classic pepperoni, and my friend got cheeseburger which had some fun toppings on it; like pickles, beef, ketchup and mustard (sounds weird but tasted good!). Being from New York and having tried my fair share of good pizza, it was a decent slice for out of town pizza!After dancing the night away, we were walking and I noticed a crowd of people with huge slices of pizza in their hands. I peeked in and told someone it looked delicious, but I kept going. About 20 mins later my stomach decided we wanted a slice, and I had no idea where this place was so my boyfriend allowed me to peek inside of every pizza shop until I found it again!! This was DELICIOUS!! You can't be $4 for a huge slice of pepperoni pizza!! I'm not a beer drinker, but they serve it if you want some to wash it down with. I will most definitely be back again!!Best pizza ever..shout out to Steven working by himself holding the place down good jobThis is my favorite pizza. I went from NYC straight to NOLA and this is still my favorite pizza. It's so good. I love Parmesan, but I actually prefer this pizza without bc there is just something about that magical grease, which the Parmesan kinda soaks up. I always just get plain cheese (don't eat pork) and it is SO GOOD.Do you love pizza? Well my fiend you have found the holy f****** pizza grail!!!!!! Enjoy! This pizza is so f&@$&& good that I have drove from saint Louis mo... yes from SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI 4 times to get this pizza. You think I'm kidding.... hahahah well I'm not !!! I promise you this is well worth the money they have the best pizza I have ever had and I have been into Italy and ate pizza all over the world. This pizza hunts my dreams... I LOVE YOU CHICKEN RANCH PIZZA!!Decided to give this place another chance....what a mistake. Firstly, clean up your counters and eating space. It's nasty. Full of garbage and the last persons mess. Have the necessary condiments available and accessable.
Now, I ordered a slice with pepperoni. I got a severely undercooked raw, nasty piece of mush. I handed it back and got another slice just as bad. A soggy , flavorless unacceptable piece of third rate worse then frozen pizza. 
Oh, it looks good in the showcase  .....cosmetic genetically altered pizza. The crust is absolutely worse then let's say Tombstone frozen pizza.
Look, I admit I'm a pizza snob. I grew up on New York's best.. graduated to coal fired from Frank Pepe in New Haven, to the best Neapolitan pizza in Italy. 
This pizza is perhaps a small cut above other nasty pizza joints in the FQ. It's still mediocre at best, and expensive, and unacceptable.Slices looked so good. We got two sausage and pepper. I think they call them Piggy Pepper. Crust was thin, topping flavorful, but not cooked enough. The bottom of the slices sagged and toppings slid off. Haven't found really good pizza in New Orleans...not their specialty.  Pricey here too. We were here when President Trump appeared at the Georgia -Alabama game. Tons of drunk millenials slobbering over their slices and saying how much they hate Trump  That was a big yawn too.Found this place on Yelp so decided to give it a try after a night of drinking.  This place was a couple of blocks from our hotel on Bourbon St so it was very convenient.  Got here around 11pm and there was not a line, so we were helped right away.  I was hoping for some traditional pizzas, such as an everything pizza or all meat pizza but they had some other options.  I had the spinach and mushroom and my husband had the pepperoni.  Although they heat the slices it still wasn't hot enough for me.  I think it would have been better if the pizza slices were warmer.  The spinach and mushroom pizza was decent but I preferred the pepperoni which was good.  Definitely large sized slices but you should expect that for $5 per slice.I just had a basic slice of cheese as I was passing by but boy was it good!!! Reminded me of my style pizza!We were here and got pizza at 2 am. It was fresh and awesome definitely worth passing up the other spots. Good greasy pepperoni pizza 5.50 slice. Please tip the ladies, they deal with drunk people all day.Great for a quick bite in the French Quarter. Tried the veggie slice and my GF had the pepperoni. Place was slammed, as expected, on a Thursday night but service was really quick considering! The beer sizes are huge and they have a decent selection of drafts. Only negative is that the slices are very floppy, like another Yelper pointed out.. making it difficult to eat. Went back on our last day in Nola to grab a bite as we were in a rush. Staff was friendly! Would def recommend to anyone looking for a good slice when partying on Bourbon.One bite, everybody knows the rules.  This was my second time to get Crescent City Pizza. The slices are really big and have plenty of toppings on them. The wait time for a slice never seems to be more than a minute or two either. You can't go wrong with the pepperoni. On a scale from 1 to 10, I would give the slice a 6.4.
I am giving this a 4 Star because the slices are very floppy. You really need a fork and a knife to eat the slice. I never saw any inside to use. There is also very little room inside to eat the pizza as well as only one or two paper towel rolls available for napkins.THE BEST PIZZA ON BOURBON!!!
My friends and I came here every night before heading back to the hotel. Amazing staff, quick service, pretty comfortable spacing with the rush of crowds, and the slices were always hot. The sauce wasn't bland and with each bite you got a piece of heaven on an inebriated night.Pizza was great! Prices were good!  Service was quick amd the employees were nice.  Great location. Slices were huge!!Pizza was pretty good, bathrooms clean and available, venue was clean, service was good but price too high.
We got some pepperoni slices and were surprised by the $5 price (is this just an unfortunate given in French Quarter?). The pizza was 3.5 star with a low-star price, there aren't many pizza options around Bourbon though so you'll make do if you're craving a slice.Greasy, enormous, fantastic slice of pizza - definitely hit the spot after three days of nonstop Cajun food and pastries. Asked for a side of ranch, which was glooped into a clear beverage cup for my trek back to the hotel - it was some of the best ranch I've ever had (despite the questionable presentation). Very fun vibe - can't imagine a better spot for late night eats off Bourbon street!Pretty good pizza for the tourist district. 
I ordered the sausage and peppers pizza. The slice size was generous. The sausage was nice and salty and flavorful. 
The crust was super thin and a bit chewy just how I like it. However, it was not spectacular in flavor. 
The cheese was fresh and added a nice savoury complement to the other toppings.This pizza is far different from the typical Bourbon Street fare: it's super high quality. It's an oasis in a desert of passable, ordinary. Their menu is diverse, though you'll do just fine sticking with plain cheese, and the service is quick.Great pizza for Nola and reasonable priced. A quick place to grab a bite to eat. Not much sitting.Stopped in for a couple slices when Bourbon St was hopping. 
We ordered a Buffalo Blue, and a slice that had green tomato, mozzarella, and pesto (the name escapes me right now).
Both were very good. The slices were huge (like you have to fold them in half, huge), and satisfied our dinner appetites.
There is limited seating, so we took our slices outside and did some people watching (always a fun pastime on Bourbon St on a Saturday night).
We would definitely revisit if the mood for pizza ever arose again while in New Orleans.The line moves fast! 
I got the chicken & bacon (5/5), and sausage pizza (4/5). It was so good and the bread was crispy. i can't wait to come back here when i am in nola.Walked by this place a few times and thought...a slice of pizza would hit the spot right about now. I wish the future me would have shown up with Doc Brown & the DeLorean and slapped the slice of pie out of my hand. This thing was soggy & greasy, and I don't think it had all of the ingredients that were listed on the board. Anyone who says this is the "best pizza ever" either had too many NO daiquiris or has never had a decent pie in their life. Bourbon St is known for its regrettable moments, this was mine.This location is right in the middle of bourbon street hustle. Great pizza by the slice and fast service. Perfect to have once you are tired and hungry from all the bar hopping. 
Pizza is 3.5 star compared to NYC pizza, but if u are wanting pizza at 4am on bourbon street, this is your place.Best pizza on bourbon, by far! New York style thin. Just stick with a pepperoni slice.. you won't be sorry!Super happy to have found amazing pizza after the drinking bonanza that occurred over the weekend. This place is nuts and bolts pizza; get in, get out. Eat a shit ton and enjoy. Went two nights in a row, it was that delicious. 
The Chicken and Bacon pizza was really damn good, and while they didn't offer a variety on Saturday night (fair, given it was 3AM...), the cheese pizza is always a winner. 
Seriously, it's really cool to find a damn good slice of pizza in the middle of the French Quarter like that. Definitely the go-to drunk food place.Great pizza after a few or a ton of drinks.... get drunk on bourbon street and then order and share a while pizza... so freakin good!!!I actually went here twice while I was visiting. The pizza is amazing! One slice will fill you up. The staff was super friendly and laid back. The guy taking the order was dancing while he did so, it was a fun environment!Good selection of pizza.  Service is fast, but to say this is like NYC pizza isn't correct.  It's a bit too chewy for NY style, but, that being said, the Green pizza is wonderful.  I think if they added garlic to it, and increased the heat of their oven to give the crust a crispiness it would be my absolute favorite in the world.
They also seem to constantly be refreshing the pizza.  If it doesn't sell, they toss out the pie.  Saw them do it to two pizzas while I was there, so it's good you are getting a fresh product.  All around, while I only gave 3 stars, I would come here again for a slice.Closest thing to NYC pizza I've had in a while. $4 a slice for pepperoni, so good to soak up all the booze you've been drinking all day.Very good pizza and cheap prices. All of the pizzas were by the slice and the prices were under $6 with cheese being the cheapest at $4.50. They had a very good variety of pizzas and the slices were huge.The staff was friendly and I like they heated my slice. Nice selection of draft beers adds to the optionsSo good especially when youre drunk . The crust is thin , cheese is fully covered And not too much sauce ! The people that work here are very nice too.  Careful in the restrooms though! Only the women's worked when I went. I walked all over bourbon street and adjacent streets to find this place again so I could enjoy it sober.Fantastic little pizza joint in the heart of Bourbon street. Definitely hit the spot after some drinks. I got the pepperoni slice. Fast, clean, cheap and tasty. Crust has a nice bounce to it without being too thick. Word of warning... it's not a place if you're on a diet as it's quite greasy but oh so good!I also cannot understand the high reviews for this place. Very limited selection and no ability to choose toppings. What is there sits around all day with the open front of the restaurant and flies are around. Crust is very bland. Pepperoni was good but how hard is that?  Only counter seating available. And super high prices. Just not worth it. Went there because of the high rating on Yelp!  But in this particular case--not accurate.Get the pizza with the potato chips on it! THIS IS NOT A JOKE. Came to Nola for the good food, got full on crescent city everyday before I had a chance to try anything elseAll I gotta say is - BOMB ASS PIZZA! 
Definitely good after a night out on bourbon street, delicious the next day when you wake up (just pop it in the oven real quick or eat it cold; do as you please) whenever, wherever. 
My girlfriends and I bought a couple slices while waiting for our uber, but it was SO good we had to come back again the next night to bourbon st specifically JUST for it. 
They had an assortment of pizza flavors and toppings, but we stuck to pepperoni. Didn't fail us. 
I'd come again and again to this place if I ever come to NOLA in the future. A bit pricy but totally worth. Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it..Giant slices of cheesy goodness at a cheap price...definitely worth it! 
I went three times to this spot and took a slice to go on my last day in NOLA. I stuck with the traditional Pepperoni. Slices are thin enough, so being the hungry genius that I am, I rolled mine up like a burrito and scarfed it down like it was my last meal on Earth...It was that good! They had other selections like buffalo chicken, green tomatoes and something, and other combos. The line can be long at times, but it moves quickly considering you're right smack in the middle of Bourbon street. 
I recommend it if you're looking for a quick bite to eat, something to keep you from getting hangry, or if you're like me and absolutely love a ginormous, New York slice of pizza anytime of day, then you'll be visiting this spot more than once. All my friends loved it, even the lactose intolerant one!I was very impressed with the quality of service and product at this establishment. Had the buffalo pizza and BBQ pizza and it was epic! Also have to say, we were helped with the utmost courtesy. Great service and food really makes a place .Pretty legit pizza right on burbbon street! I was hanckering for a slice after I had some drinks down the street. Price per slice is fair for the location. They need a bit more variety but the qiality of pizza is amazing! Pretty popular place by the looks of it too. Long lines and people filled out into the street with their pizza. I was around this pizzeria much in my time in New Orleans. I would recommened a slice! I got the cheese but the combo looks good too! Just thinking of it makes me want some more. Friendly service. Try it for yourself.Perfect slice. Perfect employees. Can't ask for anything better. Thank you for the laughs.This pizza place is one of the best around....like around the country around. So damn good! You can get a traditional slice or some crazy shit like their Chizzaburger or chicken bacon ranch slices which are phenomenal! If you're are on bourbon street come check this place out. Absolutely worth your time and money.The pizza was okay and the wait staff was friendly but the restaurant was a little dirtier than I would have liked. Both bathrooms were out of soap when I stopped in around mid day Sunday which is very off-putting. Not sure I would want to return.I highly recommend this place.  While there are several good options for easy grab and go food on Bourbon St., this one seems to be at a slightly higher quality.  It appears cleanish (late night it's a mess but cleaner than some spots!), friendly service, fun loud crowd late at night.  A mix of veg and meat options.  Occassionally a slice here or there will be short on topping but for the most part they are careful to distribute toppings evenly.  I recommend both chicken options and not so much the pork (good, but weird sweeter deal with fruit on it, and it didn't really have pork that I could see).  Anxious to try the pesto tomatoe and the sausage.Sooooooo good!  I had a slice of the buffalo chicken and a slice of pepperoni!  Both were excellent however, I liked the buffalo chicken best. It had chunky slices of chicken and just a little spicy bite that would sneak up on you.
Limited seating. 
It's located on Bourbon St so it doesn't necessarily have to be that good to stay in business!  But it really is sooooooo good. My example of what I mean by that is you should be cautious of waterfront restaurants because of the view. The food doesn't necessarily have to be that great because they have the best view in the town. I've been caught in the trap of eating crappy food in a tourist trap many times but not the case at Crescent City Pizza Works.  Delicious!This is the best pizza I have ever had in my life... and the most expensive slice is $5.50
I had the cheeseburger , pesto, pepperoni chicken bacon, and that's itThis is by far is an amazing pepperoni slice! Huge, fast, flavorful! Chicken bacon ranch was outstanding and even the bbq pork sounds nasty but is a great intoxicating blend of flavors to wow your tongue!Yummy pizza after you've been walking around all day and having drinks in the Quarter. HUGE slices, bigger than your face- and the crust was so good. Only downside is there is not much seating, so don't plan on coming to visit with a group. There is a bar with about 5 stools to sit and eat. Great if you're by yourself or with one other person. It wasn't busy when we were there, not sure why! It was excellent. We would definitely go back.I know you may ask the question, Who goes all the way to New Orleans and gets pizza? While that was not our intention we asked around and was told this is the best place in the area to get pizza. They weren't wrong!! The pizza was fresh and delicious. I had the chicken bacon ranch which had kettle chips on it. I wish I got a second piece to take back to my room because it was just that good.Pizza was good but a bit greasy.  Line was long but it moved quickly. The bathrooms were HORRIBLE but they are bathrooms on Bourbon so it is what it is.  Good prices for HUGE slices.Holy crap, if you're jonesing for pizza by the slice, don't go to one of the corner daiquiri places on and around Bourbon Street-pizza is an afterthought, made hastily, sitting for hours and served to the pre-puking set for 5 bucks a slice.
Go to the Crescent City Pizza Works. For the same 5 bucks, you'll get a slice made from fresh, good ingredients, whether it's straight-up cheese/pepperoni or one of the more creative options. I'm not a pizza snob, just someone who throws a few back in the French Quarter and wants a good late night slice. With CCPW, problem solved.Didn't want a big dinner and read about CCPW.  Stopped in last night and staff was friendly, pizza was great!  Not much room to sit is my only complaint.Good pizza. Very convenient location to the hotel that i was staying in (Royal Sonesta) i had the pepperoni slice. Great size. Just a little bit doughy and if you like crispy crust- have them run it thru the heater/oven again.If you're on Bourbon Street and really hungry, it's fine. But there are better places to get a quick bite after a few cocktails. I had the chicken-bacon and my wife got the big cheesy, each was large and pretty greasy. They definitely taste like pizza slices that are waiting to be re-heated.Great pizza good prices.   Hard to figure out the right place to eat when your with the kids.   Good pizza, made the kids happy even mom and dad enjoyed the pizza lots of flavors and toppingsI was in new orleans on vacation and my friends and i decided to try it out.  Oh my gosh.  It was so good.  I got cheese only, my friend got the bbq chicken i think.  Any way...it was amazing.  Highly recommend it.Got their spinach and cheese pizza for dinner last night. Really really tasty!  Only mistake was on my part - I got 2 slices for myself. Each slice is HUGE!!Great little stop after a wild night on Burbon Street!  I haven't lived on the East Coast for a few years but Crescent City Pizza took me right back.  The dough wasn't quite as thick as I remember but the flavor was all there!!BEST PIZZA IVE EVER HAD! The buffalo chicken pizza... omggggggg. Even the plain pepperoni is BOMB.com. Ive had it drunk and sober. The only difference was i ate 4 pieces when i was drunk, and two when i was sober. But it was just as good each time. HahaIf your looking for a quick slice without the fuss check out this place. It reminds me of getting pizza places in New York.We were in town for Mardi Gras and ate here every night.  It was the perfect place to grab a slice in the middle of the party.  Prices are great - $4.50 for a huge slice of cheese, and the staff was fantastic even when they were slammed we never waited more than a few minutes.Hands down, best pizza I've ever had!!! My fiancé and I were only planning on one slice each (the slices are huge!), but the pizza was so amazing we both got a second slice! Stopped here after a night on bourbon street. Next time I will be going during the day to get it as well! As soon as I got home, I had to look up to see if they were a chain so I could get their pizza in Biloxi! (Unfortunately they are not =() will be a repeat customer every time I'm in New Orleans.Perfect for an inexpensive meal. There are plenty of places on Bourbon Street that can sap your money away quickly. Sure, a $30pp+ meal can be delicious, but you don't need that every night. And sometimes, you've had plenty of liquid and just want a tasty bite before strolling back to the hotel. If that's the case, this pizza is for you. Slices are huge and ~$5. Great for a late night snack, or a little holdover meal to get you until dinner time.This place goes to show you that you can get away with selling floppy and greasy pizza if you play the music loud enough and sell beer. Of course it doesn't hurt to also be located on Bourbon Street. Anywhere else and this would be considered an affront to pizza everywhere.spinach shrooms pizza, yeah!
The pizza is delicious. Sorta wish they would cook it a tad longer so the crust gets crispy though.
Went in at 11 am and although it said it was open and the door was open, they were unfriendly and told us to wait outside even though the pizza was sitting out already made. So we decided to leave. Sad day without pizza.After a night in the bars the munchies take place.... what did I spy but a Pizza shop selling slices for only $5.  The choice was good and to be fair the slices are not small. 
Once ordered the slice was heated up and served in a quick and timely fashion what's more it didn't taste bad either.I very much enjoyed this place! My friend and I were staying 10 feet away for a conference and didn't feel like spending 3 hours and $100 on dinner a couple nights so we popped across the street to this place! They were really fast and the slices are huge! My favorite was the Chicken Bacon Crunch pizza! I have no idea what the "crunch" part was, maybe some potato chips or something(?), but it was delicious!Best pizza on bourbon!!!!! Come here every year and get a slice at least 3 days of our 5 day trip. Awesome pizza and environmentFor a Bourbon St. pizza-by-the-slice hole in the wall, the pizza was pretty tasty and the selection was large.Fantastic food great service. Not much room to sit down. Don't ask for a fork when you come here you just have to dig in with your hands and get nasty.Great pizza. Just watch out. They "missed" the $50 I paid and tried to short me in my change. Just think how many people are missing their due charge counted as a "tip". No one pay $20+ for two slices...My family and I wanted to try this place out for a late dinner, and we were happy we did!:-) This is located in Bourbon St. so going there late at night proved to be challenging. Once we got there, we lined up to place our orders. We ordered pepperoni, green, and the spinach and mushroom pizza. All were delicious! This is NY-style pizza, so don't go expecting for options. If ever craving pizza, I would recommend it here.Pizza is made with great care, purpose and pride. The selection is great and creative; several "craft" pizzas to choose from. Slices are huge for $4-5. (I definitely want another slice, but I'm trying to hold back the fattie in me right now..) Good beer selection, good ambience, music, one tv (if you like that), great place for a quick, chill bite of great pizza. As we sat down, a kid in a family of five yelled back to them "y'all are the only people that have been nice to us; and we've eaten at hundreds of places." So, there's that, too.Pizza is delicious and affordable. The service is fast and the employees are friendly. I highly recommend this place.Perfect pizza and pint! The pizza makers are true artists! They can spin the dough into a perfect round glob of goodness! They have your slice ready to go!This looked a lot cleaner than the other pizza joints on bourbon st. We were hungry and drunk so this was the perfect slice to us. I wouldn't trust the other little pizza spots with the hurricanes. This was actually fresh. The crust could have been crispier overall it does the job when you have the drunk munchies. =)Amazing just amazing. The perfect slice of pepperoni pizza. We will be going back because when you drink this much in New Orleans you need a large pizza slice to soak it up.While on a business trip to NOLA I was doing a walk of Bourbon St. and came upon this place.  Decent sized place, air conditioned too, a must in New Orleans.  They offered NYC style pizza.   Large slices in several varieties.  Not Koronet Pizza large but not bad and the $4.50 price is not unreasonable for the size you get.  Draft beer is also available.  
The pizza itself is ok.  Not great, not bad.  It did the job for wanting something to fill my stomach a bit.  A slice and a Dixie Beer set me back $12.50 before tip.  Best part was a breakdancing show by a street performer going on right in front of the place.Based on previous reviews, I was very disappointed. Cheeseburger slice was decent-size but who wants a lukewarmed slice (this was after the slice went through the conveyer oven)? Maybe it's different late at night when place is busy. Plus dough way way too thick and takes away from the flavor. Just alright.We came here after a long night of bar hopping, and this place was still bustling with people at 1:30am! Their slices are HUGE and are super cheesy. It was decent pizza, and they had a wide variety of different types, but it was a bit too heavy and oily for my taste. It's really good if you have drunchies, but I wouldn't recommend this place if you were sober and wanted good pizza.Not your average pizza on bourbon street. Very fresh not greasy! We had the pepperoni and the slices are big enough to share. So good we went back for more the same night! Paired with frozen daiquiri from Mangos you can't go wrong!The Pizza is Ok! Not the best, but its doable. However, the service was horrible. Lite skin black guy with the dreads had a dam attitude  the whole dam time! Rollin his eyes like a lil girl, taking big breathes, like Dude, if you don't wonna work, take your angry ass home! Then some girls  decided to buy a homeless man a pizza, and the guy with the dreads got mad about that!!! Like, why are you mad that this poor man gets to eat today? Just a rude, mean, nasty individual, who should not be working in customer service!!Not vegan friendly, but I pulled off the cheese. I got the veggie pizza with spinach and tomato. This was so delicious! My only regret was not getting two slices. I thought I was going to fill up with 1 slice cause each slice is huge!I don't get super complicated pizza, only pepperoni for me and this was incredible! I'm from the west coast and pizza just isn't very good or most of it would be good but it's just missing something. 
This is a must have!!! The meat was great, the crust, sauce, cheese and seasoning was amazing! It was a little tough for me to justify $8 for a slice of pizza until I actually ate it. If I lived in New Orleans this place would be a game changer and at least a weekly trip for me.
Super delicious!Out of all the slices on Bourbon these are the best! They were hot and fresh and clean. Great for in between club hopping !They have the most decent looking pizza in the area although it is the priciest.
Service here stinks late night especially the gentlemen with the dreadlocks wearing a cross necklace and the lady with the blue baseball cap ignored us and went to the person behind us. They were mumbling something to us and ignored us. The guy in the dreadlocks has a major attitude. Management needs to step up their service.Definitely in the top 3 for best pizza I've ever had!
My friends and I literally went here immediately after getting dropped off on Bourbon Street by our Uber. We were starving! At first we were skeptical about how good the pizza here was, so one of my friends approached a patron mid-bite of his slice and asked him how it was. His response was that it was "the best pizza I've ever had in my life" and that was all we needed to know. 
The line was somewhat long, but moved extremely fast. I got a couple slices of the Piggy Pepper Pie for my friends and Pepperoni for myself. The pizza was perfect! Such a large slice and the cheese to sauce ratio was optimal. It was somewhat greasy, but that's how you know it's good. We all agreed that making this pizza stop was one of the best decisions made all night.
I was so tempted to try the Buffalo Blues slice when we came back to Bourbon the next night but the opportunity never came. So much regrets!Best pizza ever!! Full disclosure, i was drunk at the time! Still good pizza though.
Want to go back to NOLA just to eat here. Highly recommended!! They delivered to our hotel which was a plus. 
I love my NYC but this may be better...yeah, it is!! Can't wait to go back for more!!Damn good slice. Can't even describe how good the pizza was.
Super loud music, but considering I visited late, and it *IS* Bourbon Street... no big.Very good pizza! Had a slice of the cheeseburger pizza...good...and a slice of the meat lover style pizza even better. Great music playing also..Absolutely delicious, huge slices! Unlike most pizza spots on Bourbon, it's worth the price. Can't believe I spent  $25 on a pie, but it was amazing. Long lines but they move fast. Courteous staff.The pizza was really good and they are open late. Fresh and hot. Big slices. Worth the walk!!It was a quick bite before starting our French Quarter walk.  We had cheese pizza and pepperoni pizza.  The slices are huge! We liked but were not wow'd.  I would like more herb and spice to the pizza.Perfect pizza business model for the walk by traffic.  Pizza by the slice, big portions and just enough choices to please the masses, with a few more esoteric choices, but no vegan options so I had to keep looking.They got our order wrong, and didn't try to fix it for us... But the pizza was still so good!!! Yum!I liked it...A LOT. They reheat the slice which impressed me. I got the greasy pepperoni slice which is what I like ;-)Definitely some of the best "drunk pizza" but very good sober pizza too. The slices are thin and huge. The place was busy but we were able to find seats once we got our food. They also sell beer. If you're in the mood for New York style pizza then come here.Came here after reading great reviews, but the awful customer service is worth staying away. Came here after a tour and spent $25 on 4 slices of pizza to take back to our room. After we paid we were told there were no take home boxes, which made carrying a stack of four plates a mile away a nightmare. That would be fine if they really didn't have any, but I looked from an angle and saw a bunch of unfolded boxes under the counter and begged the cashier very nicely to help us in any way even telling her that we would fold the box ourselves. I used to work in a pizza place, I get that folding boxes on a busy night can get crazy. The cashier who had blue hair and gages kept insisting there were no boxes and offered no bag or anything to help us in any way.I would give this place 10 stars if I could!! This is my new favorite pizza joint (even over Chicago deep dish)! The Chizzaburger is my favorite. Pickles, onions, ketchup and mustard on a pizza!! Blah, right? Wrong!!! It's freaking amazing!! I just wished they had a location outside of the Quarter so I could grab a slice anytime we are in NOLA and don't plan on walking through there.We've lived in Treme for 4 years and my husband and I finally decided to give you a try... I've been wasting all my crappy pizza trips on places like Slice, New York Pizza (on Magazine, not actual new york pizza), Regginelli's, etc. Yuck. Crescent City Pizza is *awesome*, it's the closest thing to NY style pizza that I've had outside of NY. Nice and thin, not overcooked, able to fold it. Delicious! Although the cheeseburger pizza was not so good, but who orders cheeseburger pizza, oh my husband  Ya don't order that. Everything else was yum! Two highly enthusiastic things up!This pizza was the best and exactly what you need after walking and drinking down Bourbon Street. Perfect location for a pizza place. You had a great selection of pizza to choose from and the slices were perfect.Came here after a long night bar hopping. The pepperoni pizza is delicious. The pepperonis taste like they are hand made by someone's grandmother. They were so good I went back the next day for more pizza. I've been in stores trying to find pepperonis that taste that good ever since, with no luck.Cheeseburger pizza, even when you're not totally wasted, is good.
They have other great selections too. I mean it is pizza. It isn't the cheapest slice you can find in the area but you deserve this in you mouth!I can't even complain. Hold off on all the other "pizza spots" and just make your way here! It's really good pizza!I don't ever write reviews on yelp but the disappointment and amount of disrespect I received tonight when visiting caused me to write. Pizza is absolutely great when it has a side of their delicious ranch. I came earlier today for lunch and ordered what I usually get. It was so good I came a second time this evening and the workers were so rude and refused to give us ranch. We are very loyal customers that come here often and always get ranch with our pizza. I asked for managers business card and the workers started an argument saying we don't deserve ranch and lying saying they don't have it when we were staring at it. Change our whole perspective on the restaurant. Need better service... the girl worker only tended to the guys needs and wants, and not the women's. Very upset with the service at such a delicious pizza place that we visit often when in townStopped in for a couple slices a week ago, grabbed a pepperoni and the other I think was chicken and green onion. Great pizza on the go!Wow!  Daughter and I were walking around looking for a place to grab a bite after an afternoon of downpours (rain not over imbibing).  We weren't too hungry so we decided to grab a bite here.  Thought we were going to get low grade pizza made for late night drunks but boy was I wrong!  This is exceptional pizza.  It was delicious.  Everything from the crust to the toppings were just right.  The crust was crisp but not overly thin.  The sauce was neither too sweet or too spicy but nicely flavored.  There was just the right amount of cheese and toppings.  This is craveable pizza!Totally loved this pizza place. After a long night of partying on bourbon street it was nice to be able to choose from so many different pizza options. We loved it there. If your bourbon street you should definitely check it out.I understand this is a late night place, for the most part. But at the same time, I've never seen staff that are more defensive or rude. There is ZERO customer service. If you're looking for good pizza with a BAD attitude late night this is your place. But be prepared to be angry with the staff and service. PS- please don't ask for silverware. There isn't any, and they will be offended.Loved this pizza place, best pizza in the French quarter to grab a slice. They also had amazing music playing so we did the happy pizza dance while we ate our pizzaI cant believe that I got better pizza at some sketchy drink bar than here. Pizza was expensive, soggy, oily... you name it. If there was a trait you don't want pizza to have, this place had it. Even having a couple drinks in me couldn't make this place appetizing.Grabbed some slices because we basically had to wait in this 3 hour line for Preservation hall. (If you're visiting for the first time or haven't gone to Preservation Hall, GO! But this isn't a review for that so let's get back to it.)
I didn't go to the restaurant itself, my wife did. However, what she brought back looked sooo good when I first laid my eyes on it. She got a cheese slice and I got their bbq slice - sooooo good and hit the spot. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but it is really good for the occasion aka if you're drunk and need some food or if you're tired and need a quick bite or if you're like me and need to stand in line for 3 freaking hours!
The bbq slice does have a good amount of bbq sauce on it, so beware. If you're not a fan of bbq sauce replacing marinara or pesto, then don't get it. I love sweet and savory, so I thoroughly enjoyed it. It came with cinnamon apples and chicken (not cinnamon, just regular chicken) on top - trust me, it was good. Some people reading this review are like what... and others are nodding with me in complete agreement. This is for my fans. My wife had the cheese and she said it was really good too.
Overall, give this place a shot and you won't regret it! Great place to stop by.Popped in last night as a last ditch effort to grab some grub. Pizza tasted good and was thin, and largely sliced. Reasonable prices. The only thing I didn't like was the occasional fly landing on a slice or two.That was the best pizza that ive ever had at 3 in the morning. Pizza slices are huge and will not dissapoint. Do yourself a favor and get yourself the pepperoni, extra grease and cheese not optional.This place spoke to my soul.  The pizza slices are HUGE. Like twice the size of your face and nice and fresh. I got a pepperoni slice and my husband got the mushroom veggie slice. We scarfed them down before we could take a picture. The guy checking our IDs immediately pointed out our zodiac signs which was another plus in my book. On top of the pizza, beer, and astrology comments the music was amazing too. I felt like my own iTunes was playing over the loud speaker. Kendrick Lamar, Future Islands, and Zhu. Will definitely come back here when I visit NOLA.OMG hands down the BEST pizza I have ever tasted!!! I was walking down Bourbon street one night and came across this place and I walked in and the pizza looked delicious. At the time I wasn't hungry so I decided to go back the next day, well I went back the next day and the pizza didn't look so hot.  The guy admitted that the particular pizza I wanted had been sitting out for a while, although said that he could put it in the warmer I decided against it. Well the pizza stayes on my mind sooo I decided to go back that same night and I was floored. I got a slice of cheese pizza and it was AMAZING!!! I would recommend this place to anyone.I'm sorry but if you like extremely thin, greasy pizza than this is the place to go. I felt like being generous just as they were on there toppings (a lot of toppings). But taste wise I did not like it, that being said, it's only my opinion and I'm sure others will enjoy it. 
Note: I may have gone during slow hours so I got a slice that was a little old.Really good pizza! Which I have to say was unexpected for NOLA, but if you're in the mood for pizza while here, I'd go this route all the way!Who knew New Orleans had excellent pizza?? Quality toppings, crunchy thin crust and very tasty sauce. Highly recommended and I'm from NYC :)BEST.  PIZZA. IN. THE. WORLD.  Nothing else needs to be said.  You can't leave Bourbon street without a slice.Huge yet reasonable priced slices of pizza , and also very tasty ... if you need a quick bite on Bourbon st you won't be disappointedGood pizza on Bourbon St. Nothing on Bourbon St. warrants a 5  review so it's about as good as it gets for really good pizza in a liquor laden land. BBQ Pork, Green Tomato, and Ranch Chx all worth it.Best pizza!! I tried the Chizzaburger, the Spin n' Shroom, and the BBQ pork. Best pizza of my life. Just wow. Go now!I highly recommend this place! We stopped here because it was the closet pizza place from our hotel. The slices are huge and the sauce is delicious. We came during the day and the line wasnt too bad. Later that night we went back and the line was out the door. I didn't feel like waiting because we had been walking all day and my feet were killing me. I will be making a stop there again before we leave new orleans.Bomb.com what can I say this is this best pizza in NOLA I tried other spots and trust me they don't match up to this place and on top of great pizza the service was excellent great spot anytime of day.BEST freaking pizza!!! Omg, the bbq pulled pork pizza was amazing. Even the cheese pizza was so good. You won't be disappointed with the price and quality.I love finding amazing pizza outside of New York!  This place made my day.  Monday was National Cheese Day, and I decided that I wanted to participate.  After my initial scan through Top 10 NOLA Pizza lists, the best ones seemed to be miles away. However, in the midst of a (not so crazy) night on Bourbon Street, I stopped in here.  
So many delicious flavors of pizza were on display, such as Buffalo Chicken, Pepperoni, BBQ Pork, and Cheeseburger.  I find that I don't get the true taste of pizza unless I have the classic cheese pizza (they call it Big Cheesy), so I went with that.  The slices are big... like NY-style big and run for about $4-$6 depending on what type you get.  I didn't even put red pepper on it but I was indeed impressed.  I am looking forward to going back and trying some of the other flavors now. I wish it wasn't my last night, or else I really would've pigged out!  Think about it --- who wants to get on a 2 hour flight with a belly full of cheese?  Not this guy.  
New Orleans, thank you for showing me that you DO have good pizza!Pizza works is the best pizza in New Orleans. The stop has so many different assortments of pizza. We have grabbed a slice everyday we have been here so far. The best we've had so far is the BBQ Pork, Pepperoni & Cheese Burger. Definitely have to check it out!Based on my group, we give this place a food 3.5. There are some really unique flavors for the pizza and you can buy single large thin pizzas for $5. Not all the flavors you see on Yelp will be available. 
I tried the bbq one but found it too sweet because there was no tomato sauce from what I could taste. But I found the cinnamon apples a unique topping.  
The chicken bacon crunch was good and the kettle chips added a very delicious crunch.  
Service/the line was fast for a Saturday night but the worker seemed aloof when answering our questions. None of the pizza is labeled so we had to ask what was what. Labels would really help!Meandering the streets of NOLA we got to the point of starvation and found Crescent on Yelp. We were dupped by good reviews. It took two seconds for us to turn around and find other options. The pizza did not look or smell appealing, especially for the price, nor was there a good enough selection. Plus the music was entirely way too loud. Yes, that sounds like an old man "get off my lawn" attitude but I would have gotten a headache eating here. My wife and I both have each other the "let's get the heck out of here" face and promptly left.I was there on 04/21/19 afternoon. Hated the harsh attitude that was given by the female staff. If you don't like your job, just quit. I'll never be a returning customer nor I'd suggest this place to any of my friends. Just because of her bad behavior, many customers left the place while I was there, including me and my friends.Omgggggggggggggggggg should I even tell you the secret! Lol okay well this was the best pizza I have had in a very long time and I wasn't even drinking. I am big on flavor and this pizza place completely surprised me. The line was long so that was already a good sign and located exactly on bourbon street. I wish I could've take a whole box home for just me because it was seriously amazing. Even the girl that sat next to me was from New York said she didn't think anywhere else could have great pizza but this place threw it out of the park! We all got seconds so don't skip this spit on bourbon street!The bbq pork pizza with the cinnamon apples is probably the best piece of pizza I've ever had!We stopped in to grab a few slices to bring back to our hotel after a busy day. The staff was very friendly and gave us their pizza recommendations. The pizza itself was delicious! Some of the best pizza I've ever had and I am a huge pizza lover. You cannot go wrong with this place :)The pizza tastes fine. Especially at 2 o'clock in the morning. However, please expect the bathroom to be easily in the top 5 nastiest bathrooms you've ever seen. The common/dining area is disgusting as well. I know you're reading this review for the pizza but I count all the factors that make this a restaurant establishment. The pizza is ok. I would give it three (3) stars but for the complete nastiness of the other parts of the establishment. Please keep in mind that this is Bourbon St. after dark.I don't know if I was drunk but this was some delicious pizza after a long night on Bourbon Street. They had many different varieties but the pepperoni was AMAZING.
Huge NY style slices of pizza for under $5. A must try if you're roaming the streets of Bourbon at night before heading home.
Be sure to look for the sign. You might pass by it. I know I almost stumbled past it but the line of people lead me to the right spot.My Cheezburger pizza was delicious. Literally just like eating a cheeseburger and the pickles were amazing. The beer has little ice crystals which was a new to me. The beer was 7 bucks and my pizza was 5.50 :-)Huge,cheesy and filling pizza slices. Great for a quick lunch or late night meal. 1 slice feels like 3 regular slices lol!This is a clean, well-functioning gem tucked away amid the filth of Bourbon street. Aside from cheese and pepperoni, there wasn't a traditional or boring option to be found. I took a chance on the cheeseburger pizza and I did not regret my decision. These guys have taken all the best things about a burger and the best things about a pizza and have created something magical. I'm only in New Orleans for another full day and want to experience as many new foods as possible, but I'm itching to go back for more. Most slices were $5.50.My husband is a pizza lover & based on reviews, I suggested this on our first evening in New Orleans.  We liked it so much we went back on our final night as well.  Tried the following:  Pepperoni, It's Easy Being Green, Chicken Bacon Krunch, Buffalo Blues, and a pulled pork pizza.  Dear Lord each slice was PERFECT.  The chicken bacon krunch has kettle chips - OMG.  The pulled pork had cinnamon apples - WHAT.  All slices had perfect crust & were served quickly.  Prices were totally reasonable for the size of the slices.  Avoid the other pizza in the French Quarter and GET TO CRESCENT CITY PIZZA WORKS!Amazing late night! what unique pizza options. So good and so nice to have something in your stomach after a day or 3 of drinking. Cheap too!  5 bucks a slice but the slices are huge. Eating section can get a little dirty depending on what time of night it is. Open till 2 or 3 in the am too!Tastes great drunk! Not as good sober.
Huge slices. Super greasy. About $4-$5 each. Classic pepperoni and chicken/bacon/potato chip/ranch were both tasty. 
Some people double-fist hand grenades down Bourbon, I double-fist pizza.Being from the north, I'm a bit of a pizza snob. I will say this was pretty much the only place that even remotely resembled the pizza that I'm accustomed to. 
Decent prices, and decent quality. 
Not too shabby for a quick bite close to Bourbon St.The pizza here was delicious and fresh! Also, great staff! The line was long but went by fast. Convenient hours for a late night snack!Even if it's in French Quarter, $5-6 is still pricey for pizza, especially New York style thin crust. The toppings are unique however, with creative ones like cheeseburger and lays chips & chicken. Favorite was the pulled pork BBQ, which was sweet from the sliced apples and BBQ sauce.Good pizza.  Cold beer. Good people watching.
Got a large pizza and 2 cold beers and took it back To my room to watch football. 
Pizza done in 1 1/2 beers.Had the pulled pork apple pizza. Sounded weird, but it was delicious. Highly recommended if looking for something different.Best pizza shop on Bourbon Street hade down.  Next time I am in town this is where I am headed.BEST PIZZA IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. I was in New Orleans for four days and came to this place four times. It is the best. So many awesome options, and the staff is nice and works efficiently. Very reasonable prices too, considering the location. SO GOOD.I had the"chicken bacon krunch" and my wife had the "it's being green." Both were delicious!!! Big slices, friendly service, and inexpensive! Love this place! 
Restrooms were clean, but finding a seat might be challenge depending on what's going on outside.Omg best pizza when your drunk!!!! I kid you now I had 3 of those big slices and it was so worth the price paid for! The beers on tap taste really good here with the pizza highly recommended.It's even good sober! Amazing service, also! One slice is definitely enough to get you stuffed- add a ranch to top it off!The best pizza you will find on bourbon. Honestly their ingredients are of a better quality than those other places. There is a reason why there is usual a line for this place after 10 pmIf you're from NY and you like fold over pizza this is the place. So good. One of the best in new Orleans. Thin crust, the cheeseburger slice literally tastes like a cheese burger. Not too greasy and great flavor! Better than pizza D no doubt! Not NY BUT NOLA STYLE PIZZA IT'S THE BOMB!People are always surprised when I tell them the best thing I remember eating on my vacation to NOLA was this place! We ate here three times total on our trip. I had the cheese burger pizza, and it was AMAZING! I have craved it ever since! No place has compared for me back home. My kids loved all the different ones they tried, but the show runner for us was the cheese burger slice. This place is a small walk in and has many varieties to choose from and is definitely budget friendly. Can't wait to ha e it again next NOLA vacay!Just FYI this is pizza by the slice (5$ a slice). It was good but for family of 5 we were just looking for large pizza to take back to the room.After giving them a month (and many chances. Owner(s): I'm #50 if you'd like to check) since my original post, my rating now varies by situation. If there's a line, don't bother. Your pizza will be luke warm, soggy, and all around bad. If there's no line they'll actually take the time to reheat it, and this alone makes a HUGE difference. I'd say 4 stars if they're not busy, 2 if there's a line.We wanted pizza today. Overall the pizza was good but the lady taking our order was rude! And she didn't look clean. Then I saw her making another pizza with gloves on but then was scratching her arm and never put on new gloves. Also, there were flies in the restaurant. One last thing.... my husband found hair under his pizza on the plate. I guess if you are drunk, then it will be good and you won't care how clean it is. The lack of cleanliness upset me.This pizza is exactly what I crave when I think of pizza. Delicious, chewy crust... generous on the cheese, giant slice that you almost have to fold in half to eat. I only wish they had more locations around New Orleans because the Bourbon Street location is inconvenient if you just want pizza.What can I say? I came in, spent $5 on a huge slice of pizza, courteously ate it in under 10 minutes so other customers could sit and enjoyed every bite. I had a bad experience with my first Brooklyn style pizza so I was worried that the crust would taste like cardboard BUT this place made me believe again. I had the buffalo bleu pizza and every bit of it was fantastic!!I absolutely agree with the review that this is the best pizza in New Orleans. Hailing from the NYC area myself, this pizza threw me back to a time where the grease was ok to be seen and damped off with a paper towel. The cheese had that perfect amount of salt and the sauce had that slight tanginess that the combination of it all was perfection. I ate a single slice, which is equates to 1.5 slices, and had to go back 20 minutes later to get another one. It was that good. A cheese slice costs $4.00 and speciality slices cost $4.50 and above. Worth it.Who goes to NOLA and eats pizza? Um.. THIS GIRL! There is no wrong place or time for pizza. However, running into this place was the highlight of my food adventures in this city. After drinking and walking for IDK how long, we knew we needed some carbs in order to continue functioning the entire day. Then it happened, I saw the sign. The pizza AND beer sign! I'm a simple girl, so I ordered a cheese pizza and one of their local beers, Abita Amber. It was a match made in NOLA.Best pizza in New Orleans would give them
10 stars if possible came in at 4:16am got a fresh cheese pie and it was hot and amazing will definitely be coming back anytime I'm
In Nola don't sleep on this place folksGood pizza right in the middle of Bourbon Street. The slices are bigger than your face!We stopped by here after a night on Bourbon St. and were very pleasantly surprised. The pies are NYC style with sizeable slices, delicious sauce, and a decent amount of grease to do it's greasy magic with the alcohol in your system. They have plenty of different options, but pepperoni is safest. Get drunk, walk Bourbon, and get a couple slices of this.Customer service is nonexistent here. My friend ordered two different type of pizzas and was only given one. No big deal really as pizza is pizza. The issue came when I separately ordered two different type of pizzas and the black guy behind the counter said "I told your friend we didn't have them" which was a surprise to me as I had  a different server (white guy) and pointed out the pizzas the were available in the display and had already placed them in the oven. My confused look was noticed by a raggedy girl behind the counter who told me, "you don't know the amount of stuff we deal with here" and to which I replied "I understand, but that doesn't mean you treat every customer with the same vulgarity" she apparently did not agree and dismissed me and at this point I became vulgar myself and replied to her by saying... to the original server "thank you for being cool, not like these fucks her and him"... and the girl replied by saying "suck my dick" (me being gay) I replied "if you had one I would". I hate this type of customer service and will follow up with management.While roaming around Bourbon looking for new ways to intoxicate yourself, occasionally you may want a meal; or at least something that's not liquid to sustain you.  Crescent City Pizza is a good place to do just that.  I had a slice of pepperoni and my girlfriend had the BBQ pork with the apples on it and we both got a beer (about half the taps were out though because so many of you heathens went in there and drank it all).
The pepperoni was good, way better than the pizza I had at Emeril's joint down the street, but it was suuuuper greasy.  But that's pretty much what you sign up for in these types of situations, so no biggie on my end.
My girlfriend said that the BBQ pork was good, but the apple slices would have been better if they were portioned smaller.
All in all, a good place and one that I'm likely to return to in a drunken stupor the next time I stumble by.Yooo... This place is the best! Also the chick with the green hair was super nice and even recommended a few spots to see on Frenchman street. Thanks again..