Excellent service! Courteous, friendly, skillful. The food was wonderful. Shrimp & Boudin was a great starter accompanied by a spot o French 75. The Deep Fried Softshell  Crab with Crawfish in a Crystal Sauce was perfect!  The Seafood "Coo Be Yon" was superb. The one weak spot was the Oyster Trio. Sorta difficult to identify parts of the toppings. Desserts of White Chocolate Breadpudding, Triple Chocolate Cake & Creme Broulee all served with fresh berries were the perfect finale. Compliments to the entire staff who created a wonderful space for a most enjoyable dinning experience.Enjoyed the heck out of this place. Classy atmosphere, wonderful service, good food, good wine, and reasonably priced for the overall experience. Our servers Nolan and Ryan treated us like valued guests and made us feel at home. I'd go back in a heartbeat. They treated us to a special dessert and a glass of wine on the house for our 20th anniversary. The food is delicious, not too heavy, satisfying.I really wish I were more impressed with Criollo but I feel like for the price the food should have really wowed me,  but it didn't. 
Service was impeccable - I really can't say a bad thing about it. Prompt,  warm, friendly,  and knowledgeable about the menu.  It was everything I would expect.  The space is lovely and warm. 
But the food itself was okay,  nothing bad at all,  but less than 2 days later I'm struggling to even remember what I ate because nothing stuck with me as especially memorable.   The crawfish bisque to start was solid, and the desserts were good,  if overly sweet (and with my sweet tooth it's rare to say that). Entree  (stuffed fish) was bland. 
So while Criollo was fine,  I don't look for "just fine" in New Orleans.  I want a meal I'll be talking about for weeks.Decadent, flaky, light, savory, oh my goodness! The best beignets New Orleans. I'll definitely be back. It's a great place for brunch and our server, Aries, was the consummate professional.Truly excellent restaurant! The Reveillon dinner is a memorable dining experience with 5 courses of delicious food that is exceptional even by French Quarter standards. The service is always wonderful with a charming and attentive waitstaff.food and service is top notch! Excellent food pairing. The price is just about what it should be for a formal/fine dining meal. Formal dinner portions, not going to leave stuffed unless you order a 3 course meal. It's definately where  I'm taking my lady on a celebration night when class and burbon need to happen. If you go on the weekend however the jazz bar around the corner in the hotel lobby/bar area is very loud.This time, I only had dessert- bread pudding.  It was delicious! Light & fluffy custard like version of the dessert. It was garnished with some caramelized fresh peaches, which was perfect for the summer. 
It was also adorned with a dollop of home made whipped cream, fresh strawberries, white chocolate, a drizzling of caramel sauce, and a sprig of mint. 
My palette loved the fact that the bread pudding was sweetened to perfection, and not overly sweet. Oh, & did I mention the fresh peach pieces baked into it?!!!
The waiter was very attentive and polite. The restaurant is beautiful.  
Dessert was $9 & a small pot of tea was $4.This was a bust for breakfast, which is too bad cause I love the hotel. I did today's Benedict special which was served over a risotto cake filled with seafood. The cake was cold and while I had ordered cheese grits I got regular grits. Everything came out way too fast. Nice dining room though. Too bad the kitchen was indifferent to serving good food.I gave this place a mediocre rating because it is boringly average.   I rate this place only for their breakfast.  The eggs were devoid of favor, no spices.  The mushrooms were tasteless, ham non-existent.  The juices canned. The fresh fruit hard and tasteless. Don't they know about coring pineapples?   Coffee a cheap blend.  Mediocre.We weren't sure where to eat brunch, and wandered into this restaurant, which is in the Hotel Monteleone. Wow! That was a lucky accident. Blue Ribbon to the crab cakes! These were seriously delicious, some of the best crab cakes we've ever had. They have just enough breading to hold them together, and the rest is tasty crab. That's perfect. 
We liked the gumbo - let's face it: hard to get bad gumbo in New Orleans. We had the Shrimp Louis salad, which had some of he best shrimp I've ever had! I think I would have enjoyed the salad just for the shrimp, but the nice fresh crunchiness of the cucumber, lettuce was a perfect counterpart. It also included half an avocado, which is, after all, the bacon of the plant kingdom. Everything was great. Highly recommended.Criollo was recommended by Travis, the concierge at the NOPSI Hotel.  We were looking for something fresh and nice for a relaxing lunch.  It was perfect.  The food was artful , fresh, and very yummy!  The drink menu was a lot of fun, and service was amazing.
Can't go wrong if you are looking for something a little upscale and different in the French Quarter.We got here for a late dinner after a long flight out from California, so the comfort food menu hit the spot; however, it was also pretty heavy for a 10pm dinner.  We were lucky to be seated in a private room on the side away from the noise of the Carousel bar (but I heard it's one of the best bars in the area..)
Starting with drinks, the sazerac was done properly and was very strong.  We started with house rolls and olive focaccia, but the highlight was the butters: sea salt, brown sugar, and herb.
Onto food:
- Prosciutto de rosa: pretty much a caprese.  Tomatoes aren't exactly in season, and the mozzarella was just ok
- Crab and corn cake: well seasoned, hearty but not too heavy
- Redfish with tomato jam: the redfish was cooked just right and topped with lots of crab.  The tomato jam over the pasta below was really the highlight - it was swee, not too tart and a nice contrast to the rest of the dish
- Baked gulf shrimp bienville: lots of crab stuffed into large shrimp with a pretty decent risotto
- Mushrooms: probably my favorite sides
- Winter vegetables: cauliflower, romesco, brussels sprouts, green beans; nothing extraordinary
- Spinach: not too oily
Everyone in our party of 7 liked her food.  Our server knew the menu well and was very nice.  It was a good way to kick off our weekend in New Orleans.For dinner I had a salad, grouper & shrimp entree over asparagus which was superb. A bread selection came with three butters. The brown one was the best. The Chardonnay wine pairing was disappointing as recommended by another waiter but service with Chaz was fantastic. Engaged and attentive. Very friendly, too. 
Two days later I had a tomato basil soup with a Cobb salad. The soup was out of this world. Who knew a tomato soup could be that divine? Then dipping the tasty bread in it. Mmmm, good! The Cobb salad had a tropical touch and pleasing to the eye, too. The service was so-so. There were tables with more customers nearby and my waiter tended to forget me & lacked the friendly charm of a New Orleans resident. Though a
restaurant manager noticed and took better care of me. 
I ended both meals with a decaf cappuccino. Made just the way it should be as in Europe.Came here for brunch and had the most amazing brunch in NOLA, the experience was enhanced by Charmaine who took such good care of us and just put the whole experience over the top!  The shrimps and grits were not on the menu but they made it for us anyway and it was exquisite.  We also had the best biscuits and gravy ever which was a perfect balance of fluffy biscuits and gravy that knocked it out of the ballpark.  And for the finale... the benignets, I think the best in town!  Definitely will be back soon.  Thank you Charmaine and Florian for your warm, vibrant and kind service, true southern hospitality!Criollo Coolinary lunch delivered.  The quality and portion size was great.  Ravioli and Snapper were delightful.Hidden gem behind the carousel bar in the Monteleone hotel. Fantastic and entertaining service. Tasty and complex sauces take dishes to a new level. Must get foi gras. We had snapper and trout cooked very well. If you want a quiet evening this is not for you. The carousel bar creates a noisy background. However, is not distracting and can still enjoy a great meal. More people must go to criollo!We had a lovely breakfast of Creole Benedict and coffee. The eggs were poached perfectly.  Our server, Della, was so pleasant and helpful.  It was a great start to the day.Staying at this hotel was a last minute change and after such a long day I decided to eat down stairs. Hostess was super friendly and provided a couple of recommendations off the menu. Decided to sit in the restaurant as the bar area was extremely noisy  and busy. Pimms cup was amazing, just like the original London favorite from back home . Bread was ok but definitely tasted microwaved or reheated. Ordered filet med rare with shrimp, scallop, asparagus and fingerling potatoes. Literally 1 shrimp and 1 scallop. The scallop was terrible, not fully cooked, very strong off smell and tasted as such. Shrimp was good. Steak was cooked perfect as was the asparagus and the sauce accompaniment was very good. Fingerling potatoes tasted as though they had been cooked well done and then reheated as needed, skin was kind of shriveled and flesh split which depicts over cooked or reheated. Ordered gelato for dessert, pistachio and chocolate with almond cookie minus the berry sauce. Gelato was in squares and over frozen as had ice chips forming. Chocolate was good but pistachio was bland. Almond cookies were tasty but nothing to write home about. Overall a very ordinary dinner nothing that wow'd me except for the Pimms which was delicious. Very disappointing. On a good note they only charged me for a filet and dessert was on the house due to the scallops epic fail. I appreciated the concern over the bad scallop! I will give them another shot.We could get a table for eight with no wait.  That tells you a lot.  The server was friendly and attentive but the food was good but nothing exciting.  A restaurant inside a hotel is usually overpriced because people can be tired and just want a meal without having to leave the hotel. They did have a special selection of Wines on Wednesday that were $20 a bottle.  That was nice.
On a plus note the dessert selection was very nice and the flourless chocolate cake was delicious.Dining room of the Hotel Monteleone.  First - serving staff. Efficient, professional and genuinely friendly. They know your name. Waiters and managers really want to know if the food is good. They take time to discuss the food with you. Nicest staff I've ever met. Food - I ate two breakfasts and two lunches here. All food was good. Gumbo is done the way it ought to be. Fish is moist, flaky and very fresh. One of the two best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans.OK we are here for breakfast and staying in the hotel. We had the Monteleone breakfast with 2eggs, meat & potatoes. Potatoes are like McDonald's hash browns, and just disappointed in general, from the hostess greeting to the waitress greeting, which we didn't get either. Horrible service all around. Not worth yer $$ for breakfast. Waitress was AWFUL and very unfriendly! They bring the toast out first which I don't get either. No one said hello or good morning in the entire place. Biscuit was bad. McDonald's Biscuit is better and so are Pillsbury! Bad all around. Skip this place!Please allow your soul and palate the exquisite experience. The unique and diverse perspective Jeffrey and Fernando offer together make them an invaluable team. Muah, Victoria & BrandonThe captive restaurant of the Hotel Monteleone, it is a definite exception to the rule that hotel restaurants are underwhelming profit centers. Fantastic food my wife and I both enjoyed, and a wonderful wine menu, to boot. Excellent ambiance and service.To lunch here is to feel pampered and welcome.  The service is absolutely outstanding.  First, the bread.  The herbed "scones" were flaky and buttery and a surprisingly nice contrast (recommended by my waiter) to the cane sugar version of the three special butters, although plane and savored slowly they were pretty amazing too.  The rolls too were very good and clearly freshly baked.  The seafood gumbo was delicious-- especially with the unusual detail of fried okra "croutons" on top.  The shrimp louie was a generous salad (with the classic iceberg) and the house take on louie dressing was excellent.  No dessert, but I did have coffee having heard a woman exclaim over it as she walked out as I was walking in.  I'll be back for sureWow! What a gem. This restaurant should be at the top of your list. We had an extraordinary dinner. Each dish was presented creatively, the preparation was imaginative and delicious--with everything tasting very fresh. We thought this was the best restaurant we ate at in NOLA--much better that some old ones that seem to be living off a reputation earned decades ago.I've been here many times.  Their omelettes are well executed.  They have the best biscuits, and they aren't crazy huge so I can actually eat the whole thing.  Mimosas are evenly priced, which I appreciate.  I usually have decent service.  Once in while things get forgotten or lag a bit, but the servers are always nice and friendly.  I love that it isn't insanely crowded.The service was good, we had James as our server.  He did great with recommendations.  We got a full experience; drinks, appetizers, salads and entrees.  Everything was so-so, not anything to write home about but alright.  The food was a bit salty for me, I got the Trout and my husband got the filet.I was super exited about coming here since I heard such a great review about this place. The service was excellent and the plating was a work of art. I didn't really like the dish I ordered. I ordered the red fish and for some reason the tomato sauce that came with it was sweet. It was an odd experience eating fish with sweet sauce and definitely not in my plate. Also the bar next door was super loud. Might be a good idea to come here for lunch instead of dinner.I've eaten at all the great restaurants in New Orleans, and Criollo is right up there with the best of them. Often people assume that a restaurant in a hotel will be average, and may pass this one by. Don't. The chef doesn't cheat by covering everything in butter and salt - the flavors of the fresh ingredients come through. We had great service, as well.Foie Gras is fabulous.  Our waiter, James, was knowledgable, pleasant and attentive.  He added a fun  dimension to our experience.  I would want James to be our waiter during my next visit.Delightful dinner... Good food and service and struck up a conversation with the next table that made the whole experience memorable.Avocado crabmeat salad to die for, entire dining experience wonderful!My husband and I had a leisurely glass of wine in the  lobby of Hotel Monteleone where we could hear the fun sounds of the Carousel Bar but we weren't in the middle of the bar scene. We decided to have appetizers at Criolla's and were very pleasantly surprised at the excellent service and the great food.  We enjoyed a  first course of the refreshing avocado and grilled shrimp appetizer and then each had a soup- crayfish bisque and the onion soup- they were both great! We shared the greens salad. It was a perfect light meal.A great meal and a very nice space next to the Carousel bar. Lot of good choices.
After drinks we sort of delved into the entrees and settled on what have you. I had a filet with fingerling potatoes, some greens, and topped with FOIS GRAS! My very first time. It was a total treat for me since the sauce (a wine madeira blend) was the perfect balance of acidity and heft -via reduction- to accompany the otherwise very rich Fois. 
The server was totally stoned I believe but he did do his job very well so why not. 
Note: the fois is NOT offered a la carte. It must be added to the meal. Previous iterations of the menu did not have this distinction, but if you would like fois this is your avenue of choice.Best breakfast I've ever had in my life.
Everything they do or serve here is five stars. Nothing but the best, it is perfection on a plate. I had the best grits I've ever tasted here. I imagine nothing on their menu is bad and I would come back in a heartbeat.
Our server, Lucille, made us feel like we were the only people there (we were not). She made sure to call us by name and it was such a pleasure to dine there. 
This beautiful restaurant is the real deal. There are a lot of restaurants in NOLA catering to tourists who don't know any better, but Criolo is the place you will write home about. 
I'd give it 10 stars if I could.Kinda wish I hadn't had a couple of drinkey-poo's before dinner. But then- its kinda this place's fault for discovering the sidecar- and how easy they go down. Food ( this is fuzzy but I remember most of it, really!)
BBQ shimp app- I am on the fence with shrimp in general because I have had so many crappy , like one-day-too old shrimp stuff from places cutting corners.Shrimp was fresh and lively, for lack of a better word. I had the beef rossini with foie. Here is the thing- I will kinda order anything with foie, kinda a foie 'ho these days. You can shmear this stuff  on a saltine and I would give it 5 stars. Beef- I like it rare- it was perfect and foie..., well you either eat it or have an aversion ( for ethical animal reasons usually... I got past that I have to say on my first bite a few months ago)- thank you aversion peeps because its more for me :) 
Came with fingerling potatoes swamped in meat juices- meat and potatoes always my go to so I was happy. BF got the flounder- although it was fresh and tasty, it was not memorable - but I blame the sidecar for this.Had breakfast there and I am rating it a 5 because the server was so accommodating and friendly. The Vanilla Bean waffles were delicious and the Beignets were extremely tasty. Thank you Kathy!Since we had traveled all day, we chose to stay in the hotel for dinner our first night in NOLA.
ATMOSPHERE - Quiet and elegant, didn't really hear much noise from the adjacent bar.  We were seated at a nice table with a view of Iberville for crowd watching. 
MENU - was somewhat limited - or at least with items to our taste.  I had a fish and shrimp entree that was very good, with a generous portion of fish.
My husband feels he didn't order as well, with a pasta seafood dish that he said was lacking in flavor.
Complimentary taster from Chef nice touch
Great wine list & glasses always full
Waiters attentive and professional 
PRICING - not inexpensive, $200 incl tip for 2 people - but that also included a 2nd bottle of wine we took up to our room.
After dining the 2nd night at Mr. B's Bistro, we wished we had realized that it was directly across the street from our hotel.  Our evening there was 5 star.The food was good but dooooo not get the red stuffed fish w the tomato jam... Terrible. They tried to seat is by the kitchen which I hate so I asked to be moved but he said it's been reserved. But then he sat us there because my friend told him I had just gotten engaged and they brought us a congratulations which was sweet. The shrimp dish wS good.I am giving this one star because our server, John, was amazing. Otherwise, the entire experience was dismal. I made a reservation for 8:15 pm on Open Table. At 8 pm I got a voicemail from the hostess who tells me she cannot seat us until 9 pm. I call back, disappointed, and agreed to take the 9 pm reservation (we really had no choice). During the call the hostess was short and unapologetic. We arrived at 8:45 pm to advise we'd be waiting at the bar. The hostess, Eugenia, tells me our reservation was for 9:15 and when I disagreed, she argued LOUDLY with me in front of other guests waiting to be seated. It was so combattive that another host, whose name I did not get, intervened and seated us. As we walked away, Eugenia told another couple waiting to be seated "These people think they can just show up and be seated whenever they want."  I opted to walk away and not engage her, but I was shocked. I am a New Orleans native but I was with two ladies who have never been to New Orleans. I was emabrassed for the city, and for the Monteleon Hotel in general. I can honestly say I have never experienced that type of treatment.
If you can get past the terrible hostess Eugenia, the food is fine. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. I won't be going back.Wow this place is a stunner. Amazing service, and beautiful, delicious FRESH food. We were running to a show and had been wanting to try Criollo. We called ahead by 2 minutes - asked if we could get in and they said yes - come on over. They held a great window-front table for us - and as soon as we sat down we had waiters, a wine steward and even black napkins for our black pants and skirt. Bravo. These folks know how to run a restaurant. We had a wonderful dinner with time to spare to grab a cocktail and get to our show. Beet salad, seafood gumbo, red sapper and pork tenderloin - all perfectly done, with ideal accompaniments. Oh and the bread basket with homemade butters (sugar cane, salt and herbed) - awesome. The best part -  fine cuisine that tastes like the fresh ingredients used to create each dish  - not like heavy sauces or salt. Talented chefs making creative use of local food. Don't miss it. We'll go back again and again.Fernando took great care of us during lunch. We enjoyed the fantastic value of the COOLinary menu, especially the Key Lime Raspberry Tart. It's a beautiful restaurant with great service!The insanity of Jazz Fest meant very few dinner options in the French Quarter (at least the good places), so I was a bit skeptical when they were able to accommodate us without a reservation during peak dinner time.  Skepticism was unfounded.
Service was solid (va-va-va voom on the Aussie), friendly and well-timed.  Fois was very awesome (sorry, I know it's a sin), duck was well prepared but the sauce too sweet for my tastes. Wine selections by the bottle were extensive.
It was exceptionally loud in the restaurant, with a large bar and live music area adjacent to the dining room.  So, if you want a lively, bustling atmosphere, you're golden.  If you want to actually hear what your dining companions are saying, it's a bust.I got in late to New Orleans and decided to eat at the hotel. The food was excellent and the service was even better. Atmosphere was amazing. I highly recommend the gumbo. The shrimp with crab over Rosetta was by far the best in the city. The waiter shared some information about must see places to see during my stay. Great experience to start off my visit with.My hubby and I had dinner tonight. Because we are staying at the Hotel Monteleone, we received a free bottle of wine with dinner. It's a nice wine. 
The homemade bread basket is delicious. Our entrees (see pics) were delicious! The wait staff is extremely professional and friendly.  
If you are wanting a "fancy" and fine dining experience, have dinner here.Novio and I are celebrating so what better place to do so than in fancy shmancy criollo nola. The restaurant has history and class so we went very fancily dressed, I wore HEEELS! I never wear heels unless its a graduation, wedding, or funeral. The place was spectacular, not to mention the service was excellent! 
     Go on Wednesday wine night where ANY bottle of wine is just $20, it was just two of us so you can imagine how extraordinarily happy we are at this precise moment. Additionally, the waiters were so attentive that we didn't get more than three sips of water and they water and they were already refilling our glass. 
     The food was absolutely coma inducing. I ordered jumbo shrimp stuffed with blue crab with risotto  and novio ordered red fish fillet on pasta with jumbo shrimp (mine was better). I don't know what dessert was brought to us ( it included pistachio and chocolate ice cream, berries on the side, mint and delicious sweet crackers) because our waiters were aware that we had just graduated and brought it to us with "congratulations" written in chocolate . 
     All in all it was a memorable experience, afterwards head over to the carousel bar, its a historic piece of architecture. There is parking near by for $11 about 3 blocks away!!!I had a wonderful time.
Nice atmosphere, great food, good service. Waters were filled very frequently, server was very cordial (I had Colin), and I like the openness of the line.
What impressed me the most was demitasse flight. The yellow soup in the middle of the flight is pure gold, I would bathe in that soup everyday if I could. If I'm not mistaken that's the turtle soup that gets offered with sherry? I declined sherry, and I don't regret it one bit, although I wish I got more croutons. I'm only in NOLA for a few more days but I'm making it a point to go back for a full bowl of that soup and ask a million questions about it. If I ever come back to visit NOLA I am hereby vowing to always come to Criollo for that soup. Don't you dare take it off the menu, management/chef. I'm watching you.
My date got a seafood pasta and he loved it.
I got a filet because there is no longer a ribeye option, although there is one listed online I believe. It was good, asked for MR, slightly over cooked, but I heard a nearby table claiming theirs was undercooked, maybe a little switch up? I don't care though, the guy who complained (loudly, I might add) was a total dick from the minute he sat down, I tipped extra to make a point not to take him too seriously. Colin was very tactful about the whole thing from what I could gather, good on you man, major props.
Me and my date weren't exactly dressed our best and kind of in a rush, but we were well accommodated and we greatly appreciate the efforts made by all the staff members, thank you.I had been to Criollo about 1 1/2 years ago and thoroughly enjoyed it. I've been meaning to go back ever since and finally did tonight with a friend for the $35 Coolinary Dinner--I'm happy we did.
Without planning it, our selections in all three courses didn't match so we covered the entire range of options. Trust me, there are no misses here.
I had the Chilled crawfish lasagna with charred corn & Heirloom Spinach Sauces. It looked small but was a perfectly sized portion full of fresh crawfish and a tasty sauce.
I followed with the Cabernet Braised Short Rib with Smoked Bacon & Eggplant Risotto, Red Wine Reduction. Simply delicious, I don't think I left a single grain of rice on the plate.
Finished with the Praline Charlotte w/Candied Pecans, White Chocolate & Caramel Sauces. Excellent, visually, flavorfully--perfect end to the meal.
My friend had the Chilled White & Green Asparagus (tho there seemed to be only green tonight); Crab Crusted Redfish w/wild rice and, I think, spinach; Louisiana Strawberries Romanoff. All wonderful, I could've been happy with any of them.
Service was friendly and attentive. Noise level was nice'n'low. The breads, esp. the olive loaf, and the 3 types of butter that comes with them are divine. And I especially appreciated the scallop/asparagus/radish amuse-bouche.
You only have 5 more days to take advantage of the Coolinary specials, but, as far as I'm concerned, no matter when you go to Criollo, you'll have a great meal.Wow. I was not expecting this!  Normally the hotel restaurant is a convenient place to grab and go. 
Not this place. Wow. Two man (really attentive ladies) table service for breakfast. Are you kidding me? I can't get over the wonderful polite nature of folks in New Orleans. I think everyone should send folks here to learn manners and etiquette. 
So what am I raving about?  I had the most scrumptious treat ever. My breakfast was supposed to be a bite until brunch...
The dish was described as "Biscuits and Gravy". I say Nay Nay. The square lite and fluffy pasties "so called biscuits" were delightful puffs of yummmm.  No other words describe my delight. 
The "gravy" was the most delicious soup of finely granulated sausage and cream with a blonde tint. Alone a bowl of this stuff would be a perfect course. The finish included green onion sprinkled.
WOW.I had a great experience here in my group of 4 after enjoying drinks at the Carousel Bar & Lounge located in the same building. Our server was professional and quick. We wanted to do something where we each pay around $75 and get whatever our server recommended. This was executed well and we were all satisfied with our meal. I wish I could elaborate on what we had. At any rate, this is a nice place in the French quarter to get a elegant sit-down dinner. If you're there at the right time, there'll be a band playing.The food was above average, but I can't say it was the best I've had in New Orleans or even over the past 4 days while I was there.  It was solid, creative, fresh and tasty. However, the service left a little to be desired.  Many times we were left waiting for long periods without even seeing our waiter.  My dining companion had to ask for coffee 3 times, then we were charged for an extra one.
My only complaint about the food was that the turtle soup was below par for New Orleans.  The butternut squash soup was unbelievable, though, so that made up for my disappointment.  
Overall, it was a good experience and we'll more than likely be back.Ricardo and Donald, our wait staff, were excellent! They were so attentive and helpful, and just happy people that were a joy to be around. You can tell when someone loves their job by their attitude during their working hours. And this speaks volumes about the restaurant. Snuggled in a small corner in the hotel Monteleone, the restaurant is very elegant yet quaint. Usually I expect food that is barely satisfactory when going to a hotel restaurant... but wow was I surprised! I had pompano which was awesome ( and rare to come by  on a menu) and my wife had the crab cake stuffed shrimp. Both dishes were awesome, hats off to the kitchen staff! Then Ricardo, our waiter, suggested a chocolate creme brûlée based on the wine we were drinking. It paired perfectly and was a great way to end our evening.Criollo Restaurant & Lounge is located inside the Hotel Moteleone. If you didn't know any better, that may make the restaurant difficult to find, so to help you out if you intend to dine there, once you enter the hotel, go to the right and you will see it.
I was very captivated by the ambiance of the restaurant. A lot of dark browns and woods were used in decorating this restaurant but that is offset by white walls and huge windows lining the restaurant. Despite the dark colors, it was still bright and since I do not like a poorly lit restaurant that was a huge plus for me.
But, what I really liked about my experience at Criollo, is our waiter. He was funny yet professional and as attentive as they come. I was able to get that Southern hospitality which doesn't always seem to exist in New Orleans. 
At Criollo, like most other restaurants, they start you off with bread but what makes theirs different, is that they serve it with three kinds of butter. Butter can't sell the bread though, so thankful the bread was actually good and fresh. The Foccacia Bread was like the really good homemade kind with actual olives in it.
My boyfriend ordered the special for the day, Chicken and Waffles. He was at first disappointed that it was Chicken breast not chicken parts but the well-seasoned, tender pieces chicken made his not think twice about that one. The Waffles were fresh but on the crunchier side. What really sold the dish was the two accompanying sauces. Instead of regular maple syrup it was their own sweet sauce along with the option of a spicier one.
I, on the other hand, ordered off the COOLinary menu and for my first course, had the Soft Shell Crab Belle Meuniere. The soft shell crab was lightly breaded and fried. Along with the brown butter sauce, onions, tomatoes and wild mushroom, it created a delectable light lunch. It was subtle but flavorful and had just the right amount of sauce that the dish didn't become soupy and the Soft Shell Crab never got soggy.
For my second course, I indulged in the White Chocolate Creme Brûlée. I was amazed by this creme brulee. It wasn't too sweet and you could distinguish the white chocolate flavor without it overpowering the dessert as a whole. The fresh fruit and the pastry shell were a great touch to an already outstanding dessert that I honestly would go there solely for. 
If you cannot tell by now, I LOVED dining at Criollo. Obviously I will be back for many more times to come, but now that I have experienced New Orleans dining at Criollo Restaurant, cocktails at Carousel Bar (located just next door) are definitely in order on my next visit.The menu did not have much to offer. The salad was good, but the entree I ordered was extremely bland and the shrimp had not been de veined. The worst thing of all was the service. We ha two waiters but both never seemed present and were forgetful of our table even though we were right by the kitchen.Byron and Ryan gave excellent service. All the food was AMAZING! Desserts, bread pudding yum!! We will be back :)Had lunch at Criollo yesterday. Food was excellent as was the service. James our server was very attentive and ubiquitous. We let him know that we had time to kill and he made sure we were able to enjoy a quiet and delicious meal. I would definitely go back.Best grits ever!  I had been trying grits all over the South on our trip and this was truly the best.  I also ordered a banana brulee french toast.  Unbelievable!  Coffee was rich and aromatic and fresh. This was the most memorable meal of my trip to New Orleans and I have been there twice.  The service was A+.  The food was A+. The atmosphere was A+.  Wish I could have stayed at the Hotel Monteleone if the experience was carried over to the hotel.  If you are in New Orleans for the Super Bowl you must dine here!I cannot believe that I had let this place fly under the radar for so long. It's amazing! The atmosphere is fabulous - A+ to the interior designer. It's full of greys, browns, neutrals, and it feels like a study inside a modern-day Manderlay. I imagine Will and Kate's house has the same decor. Ask if you can be seated in one of the rooms to the side - much more intimate, private. 
Anyways, the service was great. They do a two-server style system, and they're great. There was one blip where the runner brought us the wrong apps, but that was solved in a few seconds.
I need to devote a whole star to the BREAD. They serve a french roll and an olive foccacia, both of which are usually made in house. OH MY GOD, it was the best bread I've ever had. I might have to come just to eat some more bread. The olive focaccia had the best balance of flavors. They recently lost their pastry chef and they're using what they have left, so I hope it doesn't change with the new pastry chef because holy smokes, it was amazing. They also have a cane syrup butter (so good), an herb butter, and regular whipped butter. I'm already sold.
All three soups were good, and I had the trio of oysters. The crab on the crab one didn't taste fabulous, so I'm glad I decided against the shrimp/avocado/crab ceviche. But the oysters were giant and fabulous.
The entrees are pricey - $30+. BUT SO WORTH IT! The pork chop may have been the best pork chop I ever had. The grouper and shrimp was amazing! Add the shrimp for extra - it's butter poached, so you know, it's heavenly. The side of saffron risotto was amazing as well.
The deserts are GIANT - We split one between three people and it was more than enough. 
Overall, a great, great meal.Visited Criollo for our last dinner in town, and it definitely left a lasting impression! We started with cocktails from the famous Carousel Bar just in the next room and our servers brought over warm bread served with 3 different whipped butters -- try them all, because they're delightful! I ordered their Black Angus Filet with Shrimp and Seared Scallop for dinner and was not disappointed. The beef cut was served at perfect temperature, and the seafood tasted fresh, perfectly complementing the steak's flavor. Service is impeccable -- Joseph and Roy, our servers, were attentive, friendly, and clearly took pride in their work. Thoroughly enjoyed the experience!Savory and memorable dishes expertly cooked by a mindful chef. This place makes for an expensive dinner if you're looking to impress a date. Completely worth every penny. Everything we ate was delicious and I was happy with the proportionate portions. Service was top notch and I would recommend getting a reservation beforehand. As far as the food, all I can say is that the careful menu of Cajun/creole food with original preparation and delivery helped to perfect a great dinner date. I've lived in New Orleans all my life and this place still executed a delicious native meal. Also, the interesting Carousel bar in-house the Monteleone is a must-visit!Fantastic food, superb service. A real jewel.
With so many choices in the French Quarter, this was a great choice for lunch.Fine New Orleans dining.  I had redfish with peppers and pasta with a Fleur de Lys cocktail served from adjoining Carousel Bar.  Started with Crab, shrimp and avocado tower, which was incredible. Terrific service, great experience all around.Sadly underwhelmed.
Avocado shrimp appetizer was not creative and very bland.  Guacamole atop crab with mayo.  A single shrimp simply grilled.
Salad with mango and papaya.  Deconstructed salad with 3 pieces of lettuce on the plate.  A round thick banana chip that was so hard I wondered if it were meant to be eaten.
Bass plate had 2 large pieces of fish topped with fennel slaw.  I wish there were more orange.  It only had 2 small segments.  Good portion, but again, bland.Was looking for seafood and something decidedly southern and I got both with my dish. Hit the spot and was delicious to boot! Highly recommend!This restaurant is located in the French Quarter inside the Monteleone Hotel . It deserves 5 star but I gave it 4 only because of a pet peeve of mine. High end restaurants should never give you the bill until you ask for it. Exceptions maybe if you are spending an extra long time chatting and not buying more drinks or food. In my case, the bill was presented within a minute of getting dessert and after dinner drink. Bad form Criollo! Food was great, reserved by Open Table and seated immediately. No other complaints. Go early and have a drink at the rotating Carousel Bar. It is funI went here to celebrate my birthday and we received excellent service. The food was so good and our waiter was the epitome of perfection. Now I'm recommending this restaurant to all my friends who visit NOLA.I had dinner at Criollo.
The first thing a person would notice is the professionalism exhibited by the host and the wait staff. The food was very good! My meal began with broiled oysters and seafood gumbo, both were excellent! The main course was a seafood stuffed Red Fish which was just shy of incredible!
My server Dwayne was very personable and friendly! He is one of the best waiters I have EVER had!!! Thank you Dwayne!Would have been good except for a terrible waiter.  We went here on New Year's Eve, and it wasn't too crowded at all.  Our server, Joseph, was loud and basically spoke in a yelling-volume voice to us all night.  He didn't bother to mention any specials until we had been sitting and looking at the menu for 15 minutes, and even then he just leaned in on one foot towards us to throw them out.  He actually yelled at us from three (empty) tables down to see how we were doing and what else we wanted to order.  I'm not going to yell my order back at you, idiot.  This is a dress-up, classy place.  He didn't bother to update us on the wait for our dessert, which was due to the fact that the brandy listed wasn't available--any good waiter would know what you have in stock or not, especially with a small list of drinks.  We typically like to ask the wait staff what their recommendations are for all menu choices, but I would never even bother with this guy.  He clearly was too busy to bother with us, which is too bad because we're great tippers having been on the other side of the table in earlier years.
Food was good but nothing I haven't had before, just more expensive than most restaurants in New Orleans.  Wish we would have just saved our money and the terrible service and gone elsewhere.My husband and I were staying at the Hotel Monteleone for 3 nights over Christmas. We had lunch on Christmas Eve and Breakfast on Christmas morning. For lunch my husband had the Osso Bucco and I had the Margarita Flatbread - both were delicious. And a Bread Pudding for dessert - Yum!!! Breakfast the next morning was also delicious, with wonderful service on Christmas Day!Came for brunch and had an andouille, goat cheese and bell pepper omelette.  The omelette and breakfast potatoes were good, and the biscuits were great (although not the best I've had).  For the price, however, I was expecting EXCELLENT food, not just good food.  
The place is wonderfully decorated with a great atmosphere, but the food makes it worth just three stars.  I did visit the Carousel Bar, which I do recommend - once again, the drinks are a little lackluster, but the atmosphere (rotating bar, jazz band, very classic) is worth it!  Skip the brunch in favor of a beignet, but definitely visit later for a drink.My first piece of advice. SKIP THE APPETIZERS-go straight to the entrees. 
This week, we rode the street car downtown to have a nice dinner at Criollo. We ordered the crawfish vol au vent and the shrimp, blue crab and avocado stack (recommended by our waiter) for appetizers. Both were eh... The shrimp stack had one shrimp on top of guacamole with crab meat mixed in. To me, it was a strange (cold) mix. The crawfish vol au vent tasted "sweeter" than we were expecting, and we both decided that we would have forgone both appetizers if we went again. 
Now to the entrees. My husband got the dry-aged black angus bone-in ribeye with horseradish-chive cream. I got the black angus filet with the horseradish-chive cream. I was blown away. We both agreed that these were some of the best steaks we had ever had- the sauce was even better. I took the horseradish-chive cream home to-go because it was so incredible. We also got the lump crab imperial, which was also delicious. 
For dessert we got the bread pudding, which my husband deemed "the best he had ever had." I'm not even a big bread pudding fan and it was incredible. The creme brûlée fruit tart was sweet and fruity and the perfect mix a both. 
As you probably know, this restaurant is pretty pricey but definitely worth it for a nice dinner out. If we went again we would go with different appetizers, but other than that we had an incredibly enjoyable experience. Our service was also impeccable.Amazing experience over all, outstanding food and warm atmosphere made us want to come back. For sure will come again!!! And desert was to die for..... Napoleon and creme brûlée OMG....Sazerac cocktail!
Great food with creative presentation.
Good vibe atmosphere.I had some hesitation about dining here after reading some online reviews, still, my wife and I decided to give it a try... it's located in a wonderful hotel with a famous bar! Unfortunately, I have very little good to share about our dining experience at Criollo at Hotel Monteleone. The good: it is a convenient location (we were staying at a hotel 2 blocks way) we walked to dinner so there was no parking hassle. The restaurant area was clean and nicely appointed. Our wait staff was friendly, some overly so, they seemed to want to join us for dinner so they could talk to us! The 4 glasses of wine we ordered were all good. That's it for the good. The bad: Criollo part of the hotel's bar (there's no wall between the two, so the sound level is more than energetic). There was a band playing (it was a Friday evening), and while there were only 3 tables occupied in the restaurant for dinner, it was so loud we had trouble hearing each other talk without speaking loudly (I find this obnoxious for what is touted to be high-end dining). Without going into too much detail, the worst thing was the food... it was poor at best. The menu noted that Criollo is the Spanish word for Creole and our food was basically flavorless and mostly bland. We started with the shrimp, blue crab & avocado stack followed by seasonal salads and then baked Gulf shrimp Bienville and fish of the day... the shrimp was so overcooked it was difficult to chew and the stuffing had a complete lack of seasoning; the fish also was overdooked and dry. Our tab with tip was more than $200. When I pay this much for a meal, I expect it to be memorable for good reasons... not bad... and there was definitely more bad here than good.I'm giving this 3 stars because the service and atmosphere were great...the food however was nothing special.  I wanted to like it more but it's sooo bland, just nothing special.  My husband had the stuffed shrimp and I had the trout, we spent over $100 on dinner for the two of us and left so disappointed.  Sorry, but for NOLA you guys need to step up your game.Restaurant off the first floor lobby of the Monteleone. The layout is open concept and feels like a restaurant in a hotel lobby. The music from the lounge spills over into the restaurant portion, and while I enjoy live music and the band that was playing, it was unreasonably loud for those of us trying to have a quiet conversation over dinner.
The food was tasty, but not outstanding for New Orleans. I enjoyed my turtle soup starter, which was finished with a perfect fragrant sherry. The Perdido Pass snapper was delicate and flavorful, accompanied by lump crabmeat and a delicate citrus fennel slaw, but the two large pieces of fish were almost too much meat. The roasted sweet pepper sauce was very tasty, and I would've enjoyed more of it.
Service was attentive, but it took over an hour for our entrees to come out. I did appreciate that our hostess noted that the table we were offered was not in an ideal location and offered us the option to wait a few minutes for a better one.
 The food was tasty, but the overall ambiance was not ideal. With so many other exceptional restaurants in the area, I'm not sure I'd make a point of returning to this one, even if staying at the Monteleone.The dinner was perfect. We started with the delicious crab stack, which I highly recommend. I had the fish of the day and it was not disappointing. The service with Chas and Fernando wsas excellent.Came in with the boyfriend for Saturday lunch and we ordered off the Coolinary menu and got the gumbo, soft shell crab meuniere, ossobuco, and the white chocolate creme brulee which was all served with complimentary breads and butter.  They had one of the best sounding menus of the Coolinary options and it turned out to be an excellent choice too. 
I could not stop eating the bread here, especially the olive bread, which is a foccacia bread studded with briny green and kalamata olives.  The breads are served with flavored butters; a simple sea salt, herb butter, and one with local sugar cane.  Getting bread before/ with a meal should be an obligatory gesture at restaurants and this place put some serious and delicious emphasis on their bread presentation and taste.    
The seafood gumbo, although it did have a nice thickness and flavor, could have been a little warmer, and that's my only complaint with the meal.  Our favorite by far was the ossobuco, a pork shank that literally fell off the bone was glazed in pomegranate and this worked so well with the meat and was in no way overpowering or too sweet.  It came with some delicately sauteed summer squash and white truffle macaroni as well.  The soft shell crab meuniere was pretty huge and topped with wild mushrooms and some roasted tomatoes.  By the time our creme brulee came we were already full, but it was almost as amazing as the ossobuco and came inside of a shortbread tart shell with fresh berries.  All of the waitstaff were pretty attentive and our wine was late coming out so they were nice enough to comp it for us.  A lot of the menu items on the prix fixe option came straight from the original lunch menu, and paired alone they didn't seem that pricey.  Definitely a great place for a nice lunch, without being too exorbitant.Disappointing. Criollo's setting is appealing, but service was amateurish and our breakfast was mediocre.I went here for breakfast and ordered the Monteleone Breakfast w scrambled eggs.  For the 15 dollar price tag I expected real eggs. The eggs tasted like powdered eggs covered in butter. I don't think the ingredients are real. The service and biscuit was good at least.I met some friends here for coolinary in August.    I ordered a Pimms Cup to start which was very refreshing. Our waiter was very kind and knowledgable about the menu. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the coolinary special was well worth it. We and my bf will be back.Fair or not, what I'll remember most about Criollo is what I didn't have.  For a Saturday brunch their Benedict special sounded so good, that for the first and only time on our trip my girlfriend and I were both going to order the exact same dish--variety be damned.  Only they were out of it.  The food we did eat was good, and I had one good Bloody Mary and one bad one.
My advice would be: don't snooze on getting to Criollo, because apparently they can run out of EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANT for brunch.Colin and Amanda were great servers but the food was average. My husbands steak was not flavorful and the cut was only fair. I had the stuffed shrimp which was good. Bread basket was great and they seated us near a window so we could people watch and also see the kitchen which was nice. Fun, lively venue inside the Hotel Monteleone - good historic location and ambiance. Carousel Bar looked very hopping on a Friday night, too.Arrived late at the hotel so we decided to eat at the restaurant there, we could not have asked for a better experience. The staff was outstanding and extremely attentive to making our experience a delight. We each had a six course meal, the food was fantastic. With the drinks and meal, right at $200, but well worth it. I would definitely go back if I lived in New Orleans. The one drawback is the noise from the bar area.Delicious meal.  Wonderful service led by James B.  I would come back and would ask for James again.Lunch today was amazing. Waitress, Ina, was sweet as pie! I had the house salad and seafood napoleon.  The bread and butter was to die for. Everything was amazing. Huge pieces of lump crab meet. I even left wearing some of my lunch.This place was really delicious. They bring out a unique array of butter for the table bread it's was fun; one sweet one herby and the other just good butter.
I was not the biggest fan of the gumbo, but my trout was perfect; it was crispy and dish was beautiful; randomly they had the best asparagus I have every tasted.  My dinner guest had the oysters and she said they were amazing.This last week I was staying at the Hotel Monteleone in the heart of the French Quarter and ate at their in-house restaurant, the Criollo, a couple of times. The restaurant is slightly upscale but everyone seemed welcome. The food and service were always high quality.
There is a good variety of breakfast items. One of the specialities here seems to be a different daily variety of Eggs Benedict. For example, the Friday choice was the Dynasty Benedict, with a couple of poached eggs, duck confit hash, roasted peppers, hollandaise sauce, on a buttermilk biscuit. On the side were grilled tomatoes, and a choice of breakfast potatoes, grits, oatmeal, or a fruit plate. Everything was fresh and excellently cooked. The next time I'm here, the eggs benedict are going to be on my checklist of must have items.
Among the other breakfast items are Beignets, that popular NOLA pastry. The ones here are served with a praline dipping sauce, some fresh strawberries, and a liberal dusting of powdered sugar. It seems to be a popular game to rate the beignets at each local restaurant - I'll just say these were excellent.
As an aside, the beignet order come in fours. I had two for breakfast and requested two for a takeout. I'm accustomed to takeout containers using flimsy cardboard, aluminum foil, paper bags, etc. The plastic takeout container that Criollo used was very sturdy, not strong enough to find itself as a permanent container in my kitchen, but better than just about any takeout container I've ever had at any restaurant.
Dinner choices include a variety of local items. My first night at the hotel/restaurant I tried the Baked Stuffed Creole Redfish. The fish was stuffed with crabmeat and covered with a green tomato crust and then a Creole tomato jam. All this on a bed of angel hair pasta. The fish and crabmeat were excellent. The tomato sauce on top was a little on the strong side and slightly covered up the crab and fish flavors, but not objectionably so.
The Seafood Gumbo was very good. The roux was a nice rich brown. The seafood was plentiful and everything had a nice creole taste.
I was also educated a little on the local hot sauces. Most places in NOLA, including Criollo, always seem to have a bottle of Louisiana Hot Sauce on the table. I found out that there is another hot sauce that is popular with the locals, Crystal, which is available as a hot sauce as well as other sauce flavors for other types of foods. I tried some and from a single tasting experience thought it was pretty good. I couldn't take a bottle with me on my trip back due to TSA size limitations for liquids in carry-on baggage, but I'll have to get some when I get home.Overpriced, for what it was. Ordered sausage with my breakfast and received over cooked bacon. Coffee was see through and very weak. Convenience it was. Should of explored elsewhere. Staff was very friendly and polite at 6:30amWhat a great fine dinning experience. The lunch was wonderful, our waitress was attentive but not over-bearing. She gave us great recommendations. I tried the coolinary experience and if you have the chance make sure you do it. It is going on throughout the month of August. Set in the heart of the French Quarter, definitely a hidden treat.Best meal we have had in New Orleans. We are staying at the Monteleone. We decided to celebrate our anniversary at the Criolla. We are glad we did. Our waiter, Dwayne, was a pleasure. He was attentive and personable. The food was amazing. From the little biscuits to the main course to dessert. All was delicious. We had stuffed red fish, filet and bread pudding. Go here you wont be disappointed.We were doing a/v sound in the hotel. So this was the quickest place to go. The side of mac and cheese was really good very cheesy and they were not going to take my order I had to explain the the lady that we were working in the ballroom and that my husband was diabetic and he needed to eat so she found a waiter and he took my order.  Food was ready in a good fashionable timrEveryone has their favorite New Orleans dining destinations, but Criollo is one of the places I like even more on each visit.
     I'm not going to pontificate on the outstanding and creative cuisine served here, I'm simply yelping because as far as I'm concerned this handsome destination is a "can't miss".
      On our most recent visit they handled a reservation glitch (extra party) in the most professional and gracious manner possible, served cuisine that even our "royally" descended New Orleans friends lauded, and prepared an incredibly delicious and ab$olutely reasonable custom cake for us that left us all in awe. All done in the style of serving that's the hallmark of the city's  best establishments.
       See for yourself; Criollo is as good as it gets...and that's mighty mighty good!i'm not entirely sure how this place managed to accumulate as many stars as it did.
we had turtle soup, gumbo, and shellfish coo-be-yon as our main. every single dish had one ingredient in common: salt. way too much of it. aside from salty, it was difficult to find any other flavors. bland food was also blandly presented. the only positive thing that i can say is that the quality of seafood in the coobeyon was quite good. 
service, while friendly, was quite poor. it took a long time to get the waiter to come to the table with the menus, it took even longer to get the check, and yet longer to get the credit card back. nobody ever asked if we were satisfied with the food. not once. 
the 2* rating is based on the complete lack of a value proposition for a diner at this place: bland, oversalted food with poor service for a lot of money is just not something i enjoy. you shouldn't either.
(if you do end up going, the entrance to the restaurant is through the hotel monteleone lobby.The food is delicious, the restaurant is beautiful, and the staff is amazing! My waitress Lucille made my breakfast so pleasant and I highly recommend their daily eggs benedict specials. Will definitely be back.Great brunch - eggs Benedict w Bernaise sauce and crab beignet  and beignets with Carmel sauce were the bomb!  Miss Kathy and our other waitstaff were delightful!!Overpriced mediocre breakfast.  The bread wasn't fresh.  Potatoes cold.  Very disappointed.  We were guests and went here for convenience.  Go to Brennan's down the street.Everything about our experience was fantastic!  The fresh rolls with three kinds of infused butter were outstanding.  And the Creme Broulee was probably the best I've ever had.Save your money and your appetite. Go just about anywhere else and you will have better food than here. The pork chops were so tough that they were inedible and the seasonal vegetables were a joke. $8 for some disgusting and inedible green carrots maybe 4 or 5 unknown and unedible vegetables. I had the onion soup that was good, but my wife's gumbo was cold and had shrimp that was inedible.We had breakfast the next morning for $40+,my wife had an ok omlet and I had ok vanilla parfait.Service was wonderful. Very prompt and genuine. I had the traditional eggs Benedict. My eggs were way overcooked! No ooze at all. My husband ordered the daily eggs Benedict. One of his eggs was perfect, the other was overcooked. The potatoes looked like fast food hash browns! Very surprising! We are leaving the city today, but based on this meal, I would not have had brunch here again. Very expensive for such a mediocre meal. I'd go to Stanley's or the Ruby Slipper instead.Unfortunately I could not make it for dinner but thought I would swing by for a light lunch.  Although it is not on the menu they do have turtle soup.  A little acidic but full of flavor.  They also serve the sherry on the side so you can adjust to your preference.  The ambiance was wonderful.  It is upscale and avoids some of obnoxious guests in The French Quarter.The restaurant menu is killer. Tried a few appetizers and an entree. The Stuffed Redfish is delish with the creole tomato jam and pasta. Ate here a second time and enjoyed the Shrimp Bienville and DAMN I wanted to learn how to fix it for when I get home! Only negative is that the risotto was not as creamy as I would like.. Drinks are tasty as well. You can eat and hear the live music in the bar on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights.. great atmosphere to enjoy a meal and not be in the middle of the bar fighting for a seat.Stayed in the Hotel Monteleone and came here for breakfast one morning. I'm a huge eggs benedict fan and they had quite a large selection of them. Classic eggs benedict was pretty good. Also ordered a biscuit and some fried green tomatoes-both of which were out of this world!!!! Very delicious. Service was good, however I thought $55 for two egg dishes was a bit expensive (for breakfast).For ~$75 Reveillion menu, I had the most disappointing Christmas meal that I had been looking forward to.
I was extremely disappointed with my main course--the paupiette of flounder with jumbo lump crab and gulf shrimp. The flounder tasted soo dry and under-seasoned and everything else surrounding it was way too salty. I never ordered a paupiette but you are supposed to tear it and pick out the fish in the middle, but the paper got really wet and soggy and it made my fish taste like cardboard. 
Overall, it was the most disappointing dish I have ever eaten . I had to ask for lemons to try to season with my flounder and I ate a few pieces at the end. The other dining partners also did not eat their flounder. It was simply terrible.
The servers who brought out the dishes were very abrupt as well. Plates gets plopped right in front of your face, and I was extremely worried that he was going to smack someone in the face with the dish each time. They would come up behind and then land dish a few inches from the diner's face! They could be a little better trained in delivering food or at least vocalizing their arrival so people can move their head and be alerted the food is right behind, next to them. 
The desserts were also terrible, the bouche de noel yule log was extremely dry and unflavorful. They give you a lot of quantity but absolutely no quality in the dessert. 
Service and food could definitely be better, and definitely not what you expect out of a fine dining experience, look elsewhere!We are staying in this hotel so to avoid adventuring out into the rain for lunch we decided to eat it here... The menu was rather limited, but the portions were very large... We both ordered the carbonade burger and it was good... The seasoned French fries, too. The atmosphere was okay.We stopped in late for dessert.  It appeared the kitchen was closed but the manager was nice enough to accommodate.  The waiter was the best; his name was Chaz.  He was very personable and told us about the great desserts.  We had the bread pudding and the coffey topped cake....both were unbelievably delicious.  Great service; great desserts!  I will definitely be back for dinner.  A+ on this place!!!Three separate meal on separate days: (room service)
1st meal: the Monteleone breakfast: toast, potatoes, sausage, tomato, and eggs!
Added: a bowl of grits and OJ
Conclusion: everything was cooked to perfection and they sent all the condiments requested. 
2nd meal: seafood gumbo
Conclusion: average, nothing to get excited about. I tasted better. And the loaded too much rice in it. The roux was thin.
3rd: the New York strip steak med-well
Conclusion: this was the best steak we've had in NOLA hands down. Cooked to perfection, juicy, well seasoned. Had to be anywhere between 16-20 oz. covered in a Madeira sauce With sautéed wine onion bulbs. The onion bulbs contained its on sweet wine juices and was very tender and good. The side vegetables were the asparagus, garlic mash potatoes, carrots, and Brussels sprouts. The vegetable were cooked correctly except the Brussels sprouts were undercooked and should have been cooked longer. 
All in all the room service and food from criollo was great. I wished they offered the entire menu for room service. I'm sure if I asked they would.They open at 530 for dinner. We stayed at the hotel and since it was POURING outside we decided to give it a shot. The service was excellent! I had my 9 mo old with me and it matters to me how attentive they are to us even with a LO that was a bit cranky. To start we had a bottle Pinot Grigio recommended my the staff -- delicious and fruity! the grilled Oysters had a little too much cheese baked on it so not my style. But the grilled shrimp and scallop was melt I. You mouth good. We heard the gumbo was a must but we weren't too impressed because it just had too much going on plenty of shrimp but just overwhelmed with seafood. The entree though were soooooo good! I have the pasta with shrimp, crab, clams and not sure (see pic) but it was sooo perfect and delicious! My husband got the stuffed shrimp Risotto which I thought was too rich but he seemed to enjoy it. There are definitely a few other things on the menu I would try! But this was a pleasant surprise --- considering it was raining out it was just our luck!  FYI They also have $20 Wednesday bottle wine specials!We were lucky enough to eat at this fancy restaurant during Coolinary week at NOLA. 
The servers and greeters were very nice, friendly, helpful and efficient. The ambience was romantic and the adjoining carousel bar was playing some music, not too loud that it got annoying, just enough that it provided some background music. 
The food:
Appetizers:
I had - grilled octopus with petite potatoes and brown butter: octopus was cooked just right. not long enough to be chewy nor rubbery but just enough to char some of the sides and cook. Sauce was lemony herby (yes, that's the best way I can describe it). 
Husband had the pork cheeks in grits. Nice flavor, texture? not so much (glad he ordered it and not me:) 
Entree:
I had the Angus flap steak - nice and juicy, good flavor, ample serving
Husband had the Cobia and it was realllyyyy good! I had to steal some of his fish as it was so flaky, tender, fresh and clean tasting. 
Dessert:
I had the strawberries, husband had the creme brulee. Not a big fan of strawberries, once again stole some of my husband's food :) 
Overall a nice experience.We had reservations pretty early at 5:30pm, service was ok and some what not pushy. However, the appetizers were not good at all, wine was not the best, but the entrees were fine. All the waiters were talking to each other since there were barely any tables to attend to. Will I go there again? Probably not.The Monteleone hits a home run with their new in-house restaurant. Virtual perfection.
My family and I visited Criollo one evening by accident. The nearby restaurant at which we originally made reservations was closed when we showed up, due to plumbing problems I later discovered. Too bad for them, but hooray for Criollo and us.
New Orleans hotels are fortunate in that their in-house restaurants are often run by local chefs with some experience in meeting the demands of local diners. I must admit I'm not familiar with the provenance of Criollo, only that it was part of an extensive renovation to the up-river side of the Monteleone that contributed to a much improved Carousel Lounge as well. The restaurant and the lounge flow into each other, which could be a huge disadvantage in my book, due to the fact that the lounge is full of large television sets (I deplore televisions in purportedly high-end restaurants). Yet, they've arranged much of the seating and other decorative elements in such a way that I neither saw nor heard the televisions that were only about 20 feet away. Bravo.
The maitre d'hotel was an old pro, and the waiter he sent to our table must be one of the city's finest, recently imported to Criollo from another place to "teach the new guys how it's done," he later told me. Per typical experience in a French Quarter or CBD restaurant, the waitstaff assumed we were tourists, but truly lit up when they learned we were locals trying the place for the first time. I generally find that service kicks up a notch when the staff realizes you hold the potential of coming back, and spreading word around town about your experience. Let the word-spreading begin.
In addition to quick and impeccable service, the food was almost uniformly outstanding. I had the sweet potato and andouille bisque, one of my companions the seafood gumbo, all declared excellent. I didn't taste the gumbo, but judged it by its lovely rich color and plump fresh shrimp to be worthy of a try. 
One of the diners chose an appetizer, the Crawfish Ravioli, as his dinner entree and was not disappointed one bit: The size of the dish was enough to count as an entree, and quality was five-star in every way. Other entrees enjoyed included Tarragon Butter Poached Shrimp and a Cane Marinated Pork Tenderloin, both succulent and cooked to perfection. Keep in mind the portions are ample, and sharing an entree among diners would have been a satisfying option. As it was, entrees were shared around the table anyway.
The one item that doesn't warrant five stars and should be given another thought entirely by the chef is the Criollo Salad, which I chose as an entree. An attempt at an upscale wedge salad, it doesn't work. The composition of the salad is artful, but creates an inelegant dining experience as it needs to be decomposed to get at it. The iceberg lettuce was bitter, the duck bacon was tough as jerky, and minuscule portions of Humboldt cheese and quail egg proved disappointing. But why belabor this? Just avoid it and fill up on every other wonderful thing available. 
The martini was outstanding, as always at the Monteleone. The wine list really very good, with options for by-the-glass that pair well with the entrees. The breads and butter concoctions served along with the meals are sublime, and frankly could constitute a hearty lunch if paired with a soup, which suddenly gives me inspiration for my next visit, which will happen sooner rather than later.
Expect to spend a fortune, by the way.We ate breakfast here and it was very good. Best thing was probably the beignets, which were pretty much perfect. But the real standout was our server Kathy. She was exceptional. Request her when you come, you won't be disappointed!I spent a week at the Hotel Monteleone and had a wonderful visit. The room was well appointed, the service great and the location perfectly nestled in the right part of the New Orleans French Quarter. One of the delights of the visit was breakfast every morning with Ms. Kathy at Criollo. Though the food was what I would expect from a fine hotel in New Orleans; Ms. Kathy's hospitality and ability to anticipate needs made me feel at home like I was with family. I look forward to my next visit!I went here last night for an event and thought the ambiance was fantastic. With that being said, the main dish (Sheepshead) was pretty awful. The fish was extremely under seasoned and undercooked. I will give the kitchen some slack because we were with a group of 50 people but that should not be an excuse to under season and undercook the main dish.
The appetizer (shrimp, avocado, crabmeat stack) was delicious. I can also say the dessert (bread pudding) was great.
Overall I would give the restaurant another try and hope the main dish was better executed. I would recommend the restaurant based on the ambiance alone.I was throughly pleased with my dinner I had here tonight for multiple reasons. 
1. I made a reservation for a rebellion dinner, that they said didn't exist anymore, and they straighten it out without a problem. 
2. The food was incredible. Every course came out tasting better then the one before it! Between the quail & scallops, the butternut squash soup, the wild greens salad, the lamb chops, and the Yule log I was throughly impressed and would recommend for a nice dinner out when coming to town. 
3. Amazing staff very good hospitality.
4. Carousel bar- yes it moves.Had lunch with a friend here a couple of weeks ago. The decor is amazing. The Hotel Monteleone is gorgeous. The waiter was great and gave us some recommendations of local places to eat (even wrote a list down for us). The food was good but not great. The drinks were great. Stop by Carousel Bar next door before you leave. Its an old timey carousel in a bar. a must see.Three words: FLAVOR FLAVOR FLAVOR! 
 This place really knows how to blend flavors! 
Started with the avocado shrimp and crab meat. It was exactly what I thought it would be and the lump crab was excellent. My mom had the shrimp and boudin which was bursting with flavor. 
Then I had the seasonal salad which was a blend of fruits and nuts and cheese. Again beautiful blend of flavors. The eggplant soup my mom had was excellent. 
My lamb goat cheese and Israeli couscous was like no other and my moms grouper in a beurre blanc sauce... HANDS DOWN best beurre blanc sauce I have ever had.... 
I really really really enjoyed this and couldn't have been more pleased! 
I hope it doesn't get thrown into the hotel restaurant curse!Had lunch here today. It was fabulous. So good that I decided to dine here for dinner tonight as well. Don't miss the gem of a restaurant tucked away on the first floor of the Hotel Monteleone in New Orleans' French Quarter. 
I had the grilled red snapper with fennel slaw and orange-chili sauce, topped with lump crab meat and a side of perfectly-done grilled asparagus. Delicious!  Dessert was a decadent chocolate mousse with candied orange and raspberry sauce. A perfect end to a fantastic meal.I'm not prone to handing out 5 stars, but Criollo deserves it. Any time I go to New Orleans I eat here, twice. Maybe more. You just won't find a better meal, and in NOLA that says a lot. Their scones, and mushrooms, will bring tears to your eyes. The stuffed Grouper is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, and I've eaten all over the world. I cannot say enough about this wonderful restaurant. We have friends in NOLA who had never been here, it is in an area most locals avoid. We insisted they join us, and they now take visitors here. I like the fact that it is not famous like other restaurants. It makes it easier to get a table. Do yourself a favor and eat here. Twice.Standard hotel-dining experience, and I'd give it a 3.5 star rating. No surprises, no disappointments. The place has a relaxing atmosphere and the service was professional and welcoming. If you do not care as much about food and just want a quiet lunch or a business lunch, this is a great option. For us foodies, however, the menu offers too few interesting choices.
The hotel itself, however, is worth visiting as a historical site. We toured around a little and enjoyed everything we saw.Came here for dinner with friends. The staff was helpful, the food was great, and the Monteleone is beautiful.The menu is great! It was hard to decide on which dish- so many good choices.  I got the daily breakfast special of crab beniet  Benedict.  I was worried it may be greasy or to "crabby" but it was PERFECTION! The best hollandaise sauce. A perfectly poached egg. The coffee was great.  My 5 year olds pancake perfect too. The staff was so nice and friendly.  We never wanted for anything.WOW!
What a wonderful meal we had, the service was top notch, Kudos to our server James for his friendly yet professional service (and I'm told he makes the second best Jambalaya in LA)!  I had the Lamb, it was cooked to perfection and seasoned just perfectly, the Oysters were also cooked perfectly, my significant other had the duck dish and it was the best meal she had the whole week were were in New Orleans.  We will definitely recommend to any of our friends who visit the great state of LA, and next time we fly out to LA from the West Coast, we will definitely have another meal there.A friend and I had dinner here on a Thursday evening. Our servers were very nice and attentive! I had the almond crusted trout with the sweet potatoes. Both were pretty good! It was pricey, but the atmosphere, food, and wine were worth it :) It's a nice restaurant for when you want to change things up a little and want something a little fancier than the norm (and an adult night out!)Went for a COOLinary lunch. Every course was delicious. The red snapper was perched atop a light, buttery sauce and grilled artichokes and was cooked perfectly. Moist and some brown on the thin edges. All the servers who came to the table were smiling and friendly. Comfortable seating. Quick service.  I recommend this place.Ann and I dine out often.  So many times, we walk away talking about what could have been done better.   However, that was not the case this evening as the team at Criollo nailed every aspect.  Let's start with the food.  It's presentation was excellent and the preparation and flavors were spot on as well.  The timing was also impeccable so we didn't have a collection of plates sitting around, and to this point, the stealthy staff at the restaurant just made the plates disappear.   Our servers (James B, this is for you) were top notch as well.  Friendly and gregarious without overstepping, they complemented the meal.   It was so impressive, Ann stopped the Manager, Mr. David to complement him as well.   All in all, five stars from start to finish.  See you all soonOff the chain 5 stars yo.
Took the aunt and uncle here for lunch on a Monday when their shop was closed.  I wanted to take the opportunity to take them somewhere nice because my aunt is constantly opening up her home to friends and family so in return for this, I felt it would be proper to take the both of them out to eat.  
At this lunch, we ordered the gulf shrimp, blue crab and avocado to share as an app.  This is a cold dish but great.  For $16 they couldve given me more shrimp but the crap and avocado made up for it.  My uncle had the Pan roasted swordfish, I had the Criollo Cobb, and my aunt, I believe she had the Manchego Chicken Panne.  We shared everything.  I did my best to stay away from the bread basket. Evil Evil, trying to fill me up before the food came.  It was great though because they brought 3 different butters out to us, sweet, savory and regular whipped.  
The citrus dressing on the argula on the Manchego Panne was off the chain! I just could not get over it because it was so light and so unlike most salads I have had around the city where they come drenched----this was perfect! It was so light, barely there but you tasted the hint of citrus.  Later when Chef came around, I asked about the citrus dressing---OJ, rice vinegar and hot oil.  It is on! Im going to do my best to try to replicate it!
For dessert, the kitchen brought a smorgasboard of goodies.  Ohhhhh but the best was the mango pudding. Oh em oi! Best! with this crunchy topping. Oh but it was good, we had 2 types of bread pudding white and regular, it didnt beat the Palace Cafe white bread pudding though.  Pumpkin cake, tiramisu, pecan crust sort of praline, pecan ice cream---oh but everything was great!
This would be a nice place for you to take someone for a nice dinner. It was great but keep in mind you will get what you pay for $$$$$ CHING CHING!
Cash, credit only.  There is a bar in the front lobby area for people watching.  Dress to impress here and no saggy jeans.  Valet parking or find your own and walk there.  It's in the French Quarters on the stretch of Royal St where most of  the antique shops are--if you walked past the La Supreme Ct, you have walked to far depending on where you started.  Reservations are strongly suggested for dinner.  Lunch--not so much.Restaurant is nice, but the food was not good. The waitress recommended the redfish so I took her suggestion and regretted it. The presentation was awful and the meal was not good. The bread and butter was good. Overall way too expensive for the quality of food.Excellent meal and service here. Our server, Will Miller, was personable and very knowledgable about the menu. Had a great experience would definitely visit again and recommend to friends.Ordered the traditional eggs Benedict, which looked fabulous when delivered.   With my mouth watering I cut into first egg and nothing gushed out.  They had over poached the egg.  Cut into the second egg and same thing.  After waiting for several minutes waitress finally came over and asked the normal question.  "Is everything alright".  Second order was very good but still a few seconds over poached.  I love my eggs Benedict, so very particular on its yolk.  Overall I thought waitress was very good considering the number of tables she had.  Loved the vibe, music and decor.  I would recommend this restaurant especially if a guest at the hotel.Excellent food. Everything I ordered was great. The agglio olio was very spicy, but I ended up liking it very much. The waiters were on it. Very polite. And of course it's always nice to hang out at the carousel bar after eating. Will dine again here.Excellent experience. This was our first big night out in New Orleans - it was Saturday and our concierge recommended this place, even without reservations. We were seated right away. To follow tradition, we had the Sazerac - lived up to the hype. Next was the prosciutto de rose appetizer - very fresh. Dinner was the snapper and the salmon - both outstanding. A bit pricey for sure, but worth the experience. Service was perfect - plus you can hit the Carousel bar before or after. And the hotel itself is gorgeous. Would definitely return.Nice atmosphere and friendly staff but terrible service.  Food was mediocre.  Had big expectations and they were not nearly met.Amazing food and service.  Dwayne, all the staff and chefs were great. Steaks were the best.Epic fail. My coworkers and I are in town for a conference and we decided to eat at the hotel. We learned there may be 2 reasons why the front desk provides a free bottle of wine from there with your stay. 1.  To get you into the restaurant or 2.  If you drink a bottle the rest of the experience won't matter. One of the weirdest things is that there is no salt and pepper on the table and when a coworker had soup that needed salt, they brought it and put it in for her like they were rationing it. We ordered our meals, one of which was a basic cheeseburger.  We suspect after waiting an inordinately long time for our food that they either forgot to make the burger and gave it to someone else (like the guy behind me who ordered what I did long after us and got his food at lightning speed) because my coworkers' food sat under a heat lamp for about 10-15 minutes and for one of them, her food was cold and inedible.  The management sent over a dessert sampler and comped our check which was the right thing to do, but when you're on a little bit of a schedule and hungry, it's not a good experience.  We have decided the free bottle of wine would not be worth repeating the experience and will probably let that little perk go.My best friend and I were staying at the Monteleone so we decided to try their restaurant for dinner on our last night in town.  It is very elegantly appointed.  We didn't have a reservation, so we had to wait about 45 minutes, so we went to the bar area and had a drink.  
Once we were seated we had such a lovely waiter.  He really took his time with us and gave us a great experience.  
Food overall was good.  Service was great.  It is pricey, but worth it in my opinion.  Our desserts were packaged up for us nicely to bring back to the room.  There are so many great place to go eat at in New Orleans, so I'm not sure if I would visit again, but if you are staying in the hotel and just want to find an easy place, it is worth it.Went for breakfast and everything was delicious! I had biscuits and gravy and shared an order of beignets. The praline sauce served with the beignets took them to another level of tasty. The coffee was hot and carafe was left at table for easy, no-wait refills and warm-ups. Wait staff was courteous and professional. Beautiful atmosphere and some nice little things that added value to the experience- like pretty molded butter pats (molded, not MOLDY!) and cute little individual jelly jars.Had breakfast 1 morning.  Was very good.  Our waiter was the best.  Very accommodating and extremely polite .Frankly, I was surprised that Criollo did not meet our culinary expectations. The restaurant ambiance itself is beautiful, nicely appointed with marble tables and leather tufted chairs. Immediately, we were welcomed by the staff and brought to our table next to the window. Lovely.
After reviewing the menu and also taking the waiter's recommendations we choose the shrimp and scallops with risotto and the crab cakes. Neither dish was remarkable. The shrimp had a pungent smell/ similar to when they are not deveined well though I could see no evidence of that beyond the grill markings. The scallops were bitter and nothing on the dish was seasoned properly. The risotto was piecy, lacked seasoning, and did not have any truffle flavor. It was a little unappetizing to see a pool of butter on the bottom of the dish as well. Moving on to the crab cakes, I'm thinking we ordered the wrong dish. Crab cakes were soggy (even before the sauce) and had a good amount of filler vs crab. There were at least 8 separate pieces of crab shell that disturbed the chewing experience.  I find that the ingredients are high quality but the execution was flawed. The meal left is a scratching our heads. 
Our server Dwayne was awesome and we had excellent service. He deserves a star for his service and friendliness. Venue, beautiful. Essentially you go to a restaurant for the food and Criollo really missed the mark for us today.Had dinner here while in town for the weekend. The service we recieved was spectacular. I enjoyed interacting with our wait staff more than the food! The chicken dish was the best we have every had outside of what I make of course. Dessert had us scraping the plate. This place gets two thumbs up. Live music and the carosel bar was the cherry on top of our visit.This place is a great 1st or 2nd choice when in a pinch. Good food, great service, and the atmosphere is always lively.  Live music in the bar makes it an experience on the weekend.We had a wonderful breakfast and experience here at Criollo!! We first of all
Loved the Hotel Monteleone and then had breakfast one morning at Criollo.  Our waitress Deanna was exceptional. She was just delightful, kind and was super attentive to our needs. We were impressed with her professionalism as well. Her helper( not an expo, but the water guy?) Michael was helpful and wonderful as well.  Just a super nice group of wait staff.  We will eat there again when back in town !We were visiting Criollos as part of a company event, the chef created off menu appetizers that included mango duck, stuffed mushroom, and shark brochette bites. 
Order the Black Angus Filet with Shrimp & Scallop
Grilled asparagus, fingerling potatoes, garlic-truffle butter with confidence - you will not be disappointed!Planning for a business trip to New Orleans, I scouted out the Carousel Bar as a place to go, and the next-door restaurant Criollo also seemed to offer charms.  The online menu announced Beef Rossini (aka Tournedos Rossini), and anything good enough for the composer of the William Tell Overture is good enough for me.
We arrive, and the menu has no Beef Rossini. Devastation!  
Fortunately, it can still be reconstructed, as Beef Rossini is basically a filet mignon with foie gras on top.  The filet is on the menu, and the foie gras is on the side, and if you wink at the staff, the foie gras is not on the side, but on top.  NB: the foie gras is from Hudson Valley farms, and as far as I can tell, if foie gras can be made cruelty free, this place does it so.
And how does it taste?  Amazing.  Foie gras is definitely a sometimes food.  But I really enjoyed it, and the madeira sauce and taters rounded out the plate really nicely.  
Suave staff, and no complaints.The most amazing beignets I had during my visit to New Orleans.  Its a must have....they serve it with special sauce and fresh strawberries.
The restaurant is also inside the historic hotel in the French Quarter.  I can't rave enough about the service and the food.This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!  I went here for lunch and the food and staff are superb!
I had the most delicious ratatouille and desserts!Had dinner there last night, Joseph and Roy served us. They were attentive and we never wanted for anything. The crab cake with tomato gravy and quail egg was a sweet tasty. I really did like the soup sampler as you get one of all three soups. I liked the artichoke but my wife liked the turtle. She ordered the pompano, I had the redfish with buttered shrimp added. Both were delicious. My only suggestion is do not get the crab cake and the redfish together because they are both somewhat sweet. Also do not order the shrimp on the side. They were good but $14 for 3 shrimp is a touch exorbitant.Friendly and inviting! Exactly as a fine southern restaurant should be! Our family had a well prepared breakfast varying from the chocolate chip pancakes for the kids to my Texas omelette or another's breakfast croissants. The waitstaff proved outgoing and entertaining. Perfect breakfast!Hotel Monteleone is an excellent hotel. I wish I could say the same about their restaurant Criollo. My family and I went there for dinner one night, and we enjoyed the live band. The food, however, leaves a lot to be desired. I ordered the stuffed jumbo shrimp. The shrimp itself tasted fine, but the stuffing was terrible. It also came with spinach polenta which tasted no better. My mom had the pork which was dry, and the potatoes on the side were both burned and raw. The only half decent item was the gumbo. I also ordered a Shirley Temple, and it had way too much grenadine. Instead of using sprite or ginger ale they used sparkling water, so to compensate they overused the grenadine. They didn't even put cherries in it. The most disappointing of all was the chocolate cake we ordered for dessert. It was bland. How do you make chocolate cake bland? It was so bad that not even the chocolate icing could fix it, and even that had no flavor. I usually hate icing because it's too sweet, but they managed to make chocolate icing both flavorless and unsweet. The servers were also slow and inattentive in general. I don't know if it was because we were black, but either way, the service was terrible. It's clear to me the people who gave this place five stars were either rich or just enjoying the drinks and lived shows more than the food. I loved staying at Hotel Monteleone, but their restaurant and serves need to get their act together and improve their menu and service.This was a terrible experience. No one was friendly except the guy that brought the bread and filled the water. It took quite a while for our server to even come over and greet us, even though an older guy who seemed to be the restaurant manager was sitting at a nearby table talking to someone. We ordered, someone else brought the food, and our server never came back until I waved him down, credit card already out, as I tried to pay so we could finally leave. Also, at first glance the restaurant looks fancy, but everything was filthy. The booth had crumbs and stains all over it, the table edges were dirty and had water rings from other peoples drinks, and we had a dirty fork. Gross. I truly felt like it was inconvenient for this restaurant to have patrons and I would never go back. Skip it as there are many other choices in the French Quarter.Wonderful choice for a busy Saturday night during St. Patty's day. Busy but not as crowded as the rest of New Orleans on this busy weekend. This was our first visit to the Monteloene since the remodeling was finished, and Criollo's is a super upgrade. Meal was excellent. Wife had the turtle soup, which she said was the best ever, plus the trout. I had the seafood gumbo and the duck breast with a cherry glaze. Perfect. The unique bread pudding came in two separate cups, one with the egg pudding and the other with the bread. Nice touch. Service was superb, top class, friendly, efficient waiters. Highly recoomended.It is located inside Hotel Monteleone. Pricey. Not kids friendly at all. No menu for little ones. Food was great though.
We had their crab cakes and their jumbo shrimp avocado appetizers which were yummy. Had their mix spring salad with caramelized walnuts and it was one of the best salads I've ever had.
Dessert menu was ok. Flourless chocolate cake was a bit dry. Creme Brûlée was ok. 
Friendly staff. Great service.Food was good. A little over priced. Service was good till the end and they didn't ask how we wanted the bill. They put it all one check and then were rude about having to split it.I had the gulf jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab cakes on top of risotto and it was amazing!!!! They also brought us out rolls with 3 types of butter-all of which were great as well!I wouldn't know if the food is good.  I asked the manager if we could have cocktails and appetizers because the bar was so full and he was so rude that my friends and I were shocked.  Perhaps he thought I was drunk, like many of of the bar patrons that night. In reality, as guests of the hotel, we just thought we could find a place to sit and have some food and drinks and (gasp) spend some money.  Instead he told me that I would need a reservation (his 1/4 full restaurant was "fully booked").  We sat in the lobby and had drinks and watched all the empty tables all night.  
I was literally refused service from an empty restaurant in the hotel I paid to stay in (@hotelmonteleone) The manager was rude from the second I stepped up to the host stand, for no reason other than (I guess) I was coming from the bar area and he had preconceived notions of how I was going to be.
It's a real shame, we have had a great time and spent a lot of money at a lot of restaurants but this one will never see a dime. Try Mr B's or GW Finns... great food and very nice people who know what customer service is...The crab cake appetizer is amazing. The Redfish entree was one of the best I have ever had, Being local I can tell you that this is one of the best kept secrets in the FQ. Very nice atmosphere and romantic.
Wednesday night. Wine specials are amazing.Other than the service and atmosphere, Criollo was simply not good. For starters the wine list very short and the choices are terrible. Appetizers were the best part of the dinner. The steaks are not prime but they're priced as such. The fish dishes were sloppy. In a city with so many options, I would not go to Criollo again.Great food, incredible staff. My only complaint, the bar is to loud and to close to the restaurant.This is your basic hotel restaurant. If you're staying at the hotel you are sorta trapped ... at least for breakfast. 
The food was acceptable but not tasty. Service was good one morning but the server was MIA the second morning. 
I see this place has a rating of 4 stars. Sorry. No way. Nothing to set it apart.Dressy dinner for our family's first night in New Orleans! Absolutely wonderful food, even better ambience! We were seated right next to the open kitchen area but did not mind! I LOVED the lump crab stuffed shrimp with risotto (though it's super rich, watch out!) Ceasar salad was good but not incredibly memorable? (Except for the baked parmesan bowl it was served in...) My mother ordered the "seasonal salad" with deep fried plantain, papaya, mango, arugula and goat cheese...simply fantastic. Service was wonderful as well, our waiter was attentive and kind. The ONLY thing was that we felt a bit "rushed" from course to course... would still recommend!! We did come during the Holidays! Tip: book reservation EARLY on and enjoy a late dinner! This restaurant is in a really cool location!Visited Criollo for our last dinner in town, and it definitely left a lasting impression! We started with cocktails from the famous Carousel Bar just in the next room and our servers brought over warm bread served with 3 different whipped butters -- try them all, because they're delightful! I ordered their Black Angus Filet with Shrimp and Seared Scallop for dinner and was not disappointed. The beef cut was served at perfect temperature, and the seafood tasted fresh, perfectly complementing the steak's flavor. Service is impeccable -- Joseph and Roy, our servers, were attentive, friendly, and clearly took pride in their work. Thoroughly enjoyed the experience!I just had the pleasure of having lunch at Criollo in the Hotel Monteleone, just in time to take advantage of their Coolinary offering!
The Hotel Montleone offers garage parking for $3 after validating your ticket.  
The atmosphere at Ciollo is bright and pretty, without feeling too stuff.  We were seated by the window facing Iberville Street (which I requested).  The hotel did some pretty landscaping not ony right outside of the window, but also on the Walgreen's balcony.  It was really pretty on a beautiful New Orleans day.
Our waitress Kaylan was nice and attentive and really personable.  I had no complaints at all.
We were brought out a bread basket of 2 types of bread...regular pistolettes and olive bread.  The olive bread was so good!  I really had to restrain myself from eating more of it.  We were given 3 kinds of butter...sea salt, maple and olive.  All were good.  
For my entrée, I had the soft-shell crab with caramelized onions and sautéed tomatoes in a brown butter sauce.  It was cooked perfectly and delicious.  The sauce was delicate enough that it didn't over power the crab.  The breading on the crab was nicely seasoned and crisp.
My friend had the osso bucco. It was a huge serving.  This was served with sautéed veggie and mac and cheese.  The osso bucco was very tender and also delicious.  I did find that both the osso bucco and the mac and cheese needed a touch of salt, though otherwise perfect.
For dessert I had the white chocolate crème brulee with was served in a shortbread crust and with fresh berries.  This really good and I liked how the cookie crust changed it up a bit.
My friend had the Chocolate and Candied Praline Parfait.  One word..WOW!  This was very rich and it was serious sugar overload...and worth every bite!
Criollo made for a really, really nice New Orleans lunch experience...and I was blown away by what we got for $20!  
I know that some restaurants are extending their Coolinary menus into September. I'm not sure if Criollo is...but if they are, GO!  You won't be disappointed!We decided to digress from all the fried food for a healthy dinner for our last night and everything was great! Dwayne, our server, was terrific..super friendly & professional.  Caesar salad is served in Parmesan encrusted small bowl. Highly recommend the soup flight for a little taste of NOLA. Snapper, shrimp dishes were good but may want to skip the fish with the tomato jam. Or ask for just a small spoonful of it as it overpowers the fish.  Then we stopped by the Carousel Bar and listened to the band and the singer (I think her name was Amanda)  was not only gorgeous but had a fantastic voice and sang a lot of the great old classics like "At Last."We just had the most fantastic meal and experience at Criollo!  During the most hectic week on NOLA, Mardi Gras, my husband and I showed up with no reservations.  The hostess, Ms. Ursula, went out of her way to seat us promptly. She was just so kind, pleasant, and helpful!  Our waiters Gino & Tayler were so attentive.  Then the oyster appetizer came.  I wanted to lick the plate clean!  The dinner was fantastic and the beignets...OMG!  Definitely coming back. A must when in NOLA.Dining room of the Hotel Monteleone.  First - serving staff. Efficient, professional and genuinely friendly. Stephanie, the maitre d' at breakfast knew me by name. Waiters and managers really want to know if the food is good. Stephen, dining room manager, took time to discuss the food with us. Nicest staff I've ever met. Food - I ate two breakfasts and two lunches here. All food was good. Gumbo is done the way it ought to be. Fish is moist, flaky and very fresh.  One of the  best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans.Wanted soup and sandwich lunch yesterday  and found it at Criollo in form of upscale tomato soup and grilled cheese. Soup of day was tomato with cheese tortellini but this wasn't the thick soup we usual have but a chunky style, a flavorful tomato broth loaded with chunks of tomato,  onion and basil accented with the pasta. The Southern Croque Monsieur was a huge and fantastic version of "grilled cheese" with Chisesi ham, white cheddar on Brioche topped with pimento cheese, I  had the fries but you could also have sweet potato fries, house salad or SOD. The room is beautiful and always immaculate. One think that always impressed me here was that when they got more people than expected,  one group of about 14 came down and a table maybe looking to book something and more. With only one server and bus person and one manager on the floor things could have gone sour fast but not here, in come another F&B manager and the Food and Beverage Director not to give orders but to pitch in by bringing drinks and food to tables, checking with guest and answering questions all done without and confusion like it's just a normal day.The drinks were refreshing and tasty. The server was knowledgeable and fabulous. The food was to-die! My only complaint is that the red fish creole over angel hair entrée was a bit too sweet for my liking, but it was still a beautifully prepared dish. The fried oyster pappardelle (picture attached) made our trip. Truly. YUM!I've been here twice and both times the food has been mediocre. I love that it's connected to the carousel bar but that's it.
For the prices the entrees do not reflect. The portions are very small and the food lacked flavor.We were on a Staycation in the Crescent City and decided to stop by and enjoy Criollo in the Hotel Monteleone. The Carousel Bar is one of our favorites in the Vieux Carré. But this was our first time at the restaurant. Seeking out some drinks and a small meal after a day of sightseeing in this fabulous place.
The server for our visit was Stephen T. and he was not only good but also entertaining. The entire time for drinks and eating was fun.
We had the Mushroom Flatbread and the Shrimp Remoulade that consisted of a remoulade vinaigrette. The food was tasty and flavorful and the portions were reasonable. The ambiance at this new restaurant is friendly and laid back. Lots of room between tables and the music being played is worth the visit if only for cocktails. 
Our experience made us desire to return in the future for a longer and larger meal. One disappointment for me was that my shrimp was not deveined. That is a major NO NO for Harry.The food was decent. The smoked bacon is really salty. We never got the beignets we ordered. It's just an average breakfast based on what I had which was eggs, smoked bacon, toast, and potatoes. Check it out if other spots have a wait.The chef was accommodating for my vegetarian needs! It's always nice to know that chefs are willing to make changes, and for the record the pasta and roasted veggies were delicious! The best part of the meal had to have been the strawberry beignets. The outside was crunchy and the inside yummy and sweet! Thanks for a great experience!!I wanted to like this place so much, but the food was bleh.  I was immediately sat down with my reservation, and the wait staff were incredibly attentive.  So I really need to give the service props, because everyone was excellent.  It was just the food -- so sad.  I had a crab/corn cake which really was just a pile of crab and corn in a sauce.  It was okay.  My entree was pompano, and I think I really misordered here.  It was grilled in an unimaginative sauce.  It wasn't bad, but really for the amount of money it cost, it should have been so much better.  Then I had the banana split, and Friendly's banana splits are so much better.  
I sort of wonder whether I misordered here and that was the problem.James our server gave excellent service. He suggested good items on the menu for us. We started with baked oysters for my hubby and crabmeat and avocado for me, then onion soup and for entree we had angus steak with foie gras for him and red snapper with shrimp for me. Likes the crabmeat avocado, it's so creamy and delicious and also likes the red snapper with sweet and spicy tomato sauce. For dessert we had mocha bombe cake for him and creme brûlée for me. Likes the mocha bombe. Overall a great dinner experience.Favorite place to have breakfast in New Orleans.  Excellent service, comfortable and beautiful atmosphere, friendly waitstaff.  OUTSTANDING food and coffee.  Try the omelette-you can choose three ingredients.  I recommend goat cheese, tomato, and green onion.  It's served with a buttermilk biscuit and perfectly seasoned home fries.  The cappuccino is perfect, and the drip coffee is also top notch.  They also have a different eggs Benedict choice every day.  My favorite item on the menu is the blueberry scone with lemon curd.  I look forward to this every time I come to New Orleans.  Do yourself a favor and go here next time you find yourself in this gem of a city.Service was outstanding and atmosphere great. 
Three dinners. Two were fish and one was lamb. According to our guest lamb was fabulous. Fish entrees not as good because they were both over cooked. They tasted wonderful but again, over cooked!!!!  Shrimp appetizer and side dish also over cooked. Really?  This is NOLA-you should know how to cook fish. 
Maybe an off nite?  Last time I ate here it was fabulous. The service alone warranted 4 stars for this visit rather than 3 for the food.First... the food was delicious. We were staying at the hotel and decided to try the restaurant. It was later--about 9 pm when We got there. No need for a reservation since we were guests. The man in charge of keeping our drinks full was great. Our waiter started out great, however, once he brought the food we didn't see him again. My boyfriend had one beer--never got a chance to order any other drinks. Never asked how our meal was and never offered dessert. The staff were turning the tables over to great ready for breakfast the next day--I didn't expect that. Maybe they should have seated us elsewhere so we didn't have to watch that...   Anyway, a man who may have been the manager asked if everything was okay. When I mentioned that our waiter seemed to have disappeared, the man said that he didn't and left. Then we got a bill. 
I expected way better service for the price. 
Terribly disappointed Hotel MonteleoneThis was my first time at Criollo and I will definitely go back! My fiancé and I took his parents to eat here because right now it's Coolinary, which is a time when a lot of delicious restaurants provide a 3-course menu for $35. The meal started off right with a wonderful, friendly server named James B.  He was very attentive and we really enjoyed his recommendations. I got the Chilled Asparagus for my appetizer and Crab crusted redfish. I highly recommend both! I was so full I had a hard time finishing my dessert which was praline Charlotte. Good service, good food, no complaints!I've had nothing but great experiences here! A must-see whether you're from out of town, or even a local (like me). I recently took some out-of-towner friends to the restaurant and carousel bar on 11/03/18. They are still raving about it.
Historic hotel. Restaurant is classy and cozy at the same time. Courteous and incredible staff (including the hotel staff). Unique and delicious food/drink menus. Fun carousel bar adjacent to it, with awesome bands! 
Pros: Everything
Cons: Can't find any
Conclusion: You will love it.Yes, we absolutely loved our meal here.  The atmosphere is perfect being on Royal Street in an attractive and old fashioned hotel.  The restaurant is elegant but fun.  Honestly, everything we ate here was perfect.  I had the roasted veal that was melt in your mouth good with morel mushrooms.  My wife had the swordfish which was amazing.  The appetizers and desserts were exquisite as well.  You simply can't go wrong here.We chose Hotel Monteleone as a base for a trip to New Orleans to celebrate our 46th wedding anniversary and could not have made a better choice. We enjoyed our first dinner in town at Criollo in the hotel lobby and by enjoyed, I mean we were blown away! One of the best dinners we have ever experienced and we dine out frequently both at home and while traveling. Things got off to a great start when our waiter "Colin" greeted us with a heartfelt "happy anniversary". He did an excellent job looking after our needs. Very attentive while not imposing. We started with the Hudson Valley foie gras and it was heavenly. Followed that up with a Burrata and heirloom salad and it was also incredible, fresh, flavorful and big enough to share. My wife and I both had a gulf snapper dish offered as a daily special and once again the dish was cooked to perfection, flavorful and very generous portion size. We have dined out frequently in New Orleans to include several Brennen establishments, Commanders Palace, GW Finz and others and can say without hesitation that Criollo is as good if not better than any of them. The ambiance of the hotel and the 5 star service of the Criollo staff coupled with absolutely incredible cuisine make Criollo's a must visit for anyone looking for an outstanding dinner while visiting New Orleans. We could not have picked a better dining spot to celebrate our 46th wedding anniversary!Possibly the best restaurant in New Orleans. The quality and the taste are so good. I was there for brunch and I had the little gem wedge salad, scallops, and New Orleans bread pudding. Everything was fantastic. Jada was a great service professional. Must visit!!!This is an expensive but lovely restaurant located in the Hotel Monteleon.  The turtle soup alone is worth the visit. I won't say it's better than a certain restaurant that's supposed to have the best ever...but I won't say it isn't either.
But DAMN is it expensive. NO Caesar Salad should cost 17 bucks. Sorry....No. I've been backstage of the hotel and the idea of Rodents of Unusual Size  from Princess Bride comes to mind.
P.S. It's NOT in the lower Garden district as listed here. I have no idea what the person was smoking, shooting up or otherwise ingesting who labeled it that.Perfect lunch yesterday for these hot New Orleans days.  The in-house baked breads with the flavored butters and flavored olive oil always start every lunch and dinner and it's a great way to start.  First had the excellent  Margarita Flatbread with fresh Mozzarella, tomato, sun dried tomato pesto and balsamic vinegar it's great to enjoy yourself or share with others at the table,  have done both. Next came a great new dish at least for me, Shrimp Ravigot with fried green tomatoes it's chilled  plump Louisiana shrimp tossed in an excellent white sauce on a bed of baby mixed greens with two fried green tomato wedges battered in a well seasoned tangy coating and excellent match with the delicate yet flavorful sauce if the shrimp. The tomatoes are great but because they are green and can be hard i think the 2 large wedges should be cut thinner into 4 wedges but that didn't stop me from eating them. With the excellent wine selection it's easy to find a perfect match to compliment any meal.We enjoyed an amazing breakfast every time.  We can't say enough great things about our experience while dining! Our server Char was amazing with a good sense of humor,her Nawlins charm and wonderful accent was the cherry on top! Char mentioned she'd been working there for over 30 years!! We can see why. Thank you Char and Criollo Restaurant! We'll definitely be back.Very typical for restaurants in the Quarter, we were rushed and food came to the table cold.
The pacing and service was terrible. If any action could have been done poorly, it was. Not just the waiter as I believe we must have dealt with 1/2 dozen different people doing bits and pieces of attempted service. No one has responsibility, no one cares.
Food: excellent ingredients, served before we finished our appetizers, entrees delivered to the table cold. A waste of food and cooking. Not to mention the wrong appetizers were delivered, as well as the correct ones a bit later. But who knows? The waiter who took the order was nowhere to be seen.Service: The service was excellent! Kaylen and Colin were far and away superb!
The Food on the other had some issues. I started with the Crab and Avocado appetizer which is on all the promotional material. The crab and avocado were good on the their own for the tomato coulis they were in was an odd pairing that did nothing for the dish. 
Second was the "Coo-Bee-Yon". Overall the seafood was tasty, but the shrimp were overdone. The dish felt forced with the linguini and the sauce left something to be desired as it  overpowered the seafood. 
Overall a pleasant experience but there are definitely areas for improvement. 
Also: This has nothing to do with the restaurant, but valet took 20 minutes to bring our car around, despite there be no one in line when we got there.Fantastic! Amazing food, quality and service. We had breakfast and lunch here two days in a row for work and the maitre d' was incredible.Grilled chicken amazing! And the three cheese pasta must contain crack. Out of this world. Highly recommended.It's in the hotel -  which make in convenient.  Coffee is bad, Orange Juice was fresh,  the Benedicts were disappointing -  poorly made and served cool.    Breakfast  disappointing  -   They have a dress code for breakfast ( really an you can't even have table clothes ) so just don't roll out of bed like it's a hotel.   The dishes are plain.  Lots of managers and servers that lack attention to the customers.  Does anyone smile? They could do so much more with the breakfast space.  The breakfast at  beignet, jays, red ruby, Dixie are all within a couple minute walk and are seriously much better.We were staying at the hotel so soon after checking-in came here for late afternoon/early eve drinks & appetizers. 
Staff was very friendly & service was good. We had several appetizers that were all quite good.Sometimes I think about getting a second job so I can dine here more often :)!
First of all, the place is gorgeous, and the walk through the Monteleone gets you in a great mood (parking at their garage is validated, btw) and you could even arrive early for a drink at the Caroussel bar.
The seafood is always incredibly fresh, the portion are perfect, and they also have a great selection of wine and cocktails.The creations from the chef are outstanding! Tonight I had the duck it was superb. Joe our server is the model all other servers should be based on. Two thumbs!Loved this restaurant! Roy and Joseph were amazing! I had the crab and avocado! Delish! My husband had the filet. We saw Phantom of the Opera that night and it was a beautiful evening.The Hotel Monteleone is now re-opened and so is their restaurant Criollo and Carousel Bar, still locally owned by the Monteleone family the always take great pride in what they do.  Fritz did an excellent job in taking care of my table and all who came in for lunch. They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Carousel Bar has "bar" menu so you'll have to go back a few times to try both lol. The trout was excellent and vegetables and fingerling potatoes fresh and still al dente,  crabcake delicate with a sauce of shrimp and artichoke was perfect,  strawberries with grand marnier and chantilly needs no explination.  If you're a local go and support locally owned and if a visitor go and enjoy a wonderful New Orleans tradition.Located in the Monteleone, you won't find better food or better service. The staff become friends. Kathy, Brandon, Della knew us by name by the second day. They are pros and are justifiably proud of what they do and where they work. I didn't care for the Carousel bar. The bartenders will upsell you Tito's vodka when all you want is a vodka/tonic from the well (Skyy is a perfectly good vodka that costs about a third).Horrible place! First off it is the hotel restaurant for the Monteleone Hotel, where we were staying for FIVE days and received daily reminders to eat there! So after Mass, we try it out, she seats us literally ONE inch from a bussing station. We refuse that table as there are several empty ones nearby. We were two people, and those 3 empty tables were for 4. She said there was nothing else, and escorted us to the door, as she said in her most dismissive way, "We close in 9 minutes so no use waiting.". By the way we had an amazing breakfast at the Ritz. Just go there. Complained to the hotel and got dismissed by them too, claimed "Separate management, sorry...".I often visit New Orleans and  typically look forward to this place. However I have to say on my last visit I was a little disappointed. Staff is still great and the only reason I did not give it 2 stars. However my meal was mediocre at best and contained more fluff than  tasty New Orleans seafood.. I hope it was just an off day for them but based on some of the other reviews maybe not.We had dinner and breakfast, plus some room service while at the hotel. The food was excellent and service was great across the board. Very nice.
The only thing I did not like was the bench style seating where I felt too close to other customers. That type of seating is OK for a diner but not for an upscale restaurant charging upscale prices.I really was looking forward to eating at Criollo. We were staying at the Hotel Monteleone so naturally we wanted to eat at their restuarant.  We arrived at the hotel on Dec. 30 and wasn't able to get a dinner  reservation until Jan. 1st which was fine. The dining room is open to the bar which is noisy. This is not a quiet place to have dinner. The hostess was pleasant and we were seated on time. However, as soon as we were seated we were informed 3 of the dinner items were not available.  Now, as fine dining goes your options are limited so when 3 dinner items are not available, you're left with very little choices.  I wished they would have told us that when we confirmed our dinner reservations earlier in the day so that we could have made other dinner accommodations. 
Mt husband and I shared the fried oysters. It was delicious but the portions were small for the price. I ordered the stuffed shrimp and my husband the veal. My dinner was okay, nothing that really stood out. Hubby said his meal was a 2 star at best. We finished with creme brulee and the bread pudding. The desserts were good, no complaints on them. We also got a commentary bottle of wine since we were staying at the hotel. It was just the house wine but still pretty good. 
The service was good.  We did have to flag our server several times to get us more drinks even though they weren't busy.
Overall, we were very disappointed with our dining experience.After Bethany and I enjoyed the Elite event of "Cheers to the New Year" at Galatoire's "33" Bar & Steak we left to visit the place I asked her to marry me five years ago. That was done at the Carousel Bar in the Monteleone. And while there we decided to have dinner at Criollo Restaurant. It has been some time since we broke bread there and now we had the opportunity.
The hotel and restaurant caters to visitors of course. And because of that it makes them very happy to have local citizens come in and enjoy all that they provide. This is a first class operation at all levels; food, service, ambiance, atmosphere, management, liquor, and entertainment. All done at one stop and we shall return. 
As to the restaurant it is necessary to highly recommend as Appetizers the Char Grilled Oysters that are served in Garlic and Herb Butter with a Parmesan Crust. Six delicious oysters come with this order.
Next for a starter should be the Sautéed Red Snapper and Crab Cake. Served with a Fried Quail Egg, Sweet Tomato Jam. You will want the Jam on everything you order. My wife and I decided to go home and attempt to reproduce this scrumpdiddlyumptious jam.
For the main course do enjoy the Baked Stuffed Créole Redfish which also comes with Crabmeat and Green Tomato Crust, Angel Hair Pasta, and Créole Tomato Jam ( that jam again).
And for me I went with the Baked Gulf Shrimp Bienville. This culinary delight comes with over Stuffed Jumbo Shrimp, Lump Crabmeat, Roasted Peppers, Shallots, and Tarragon Butter Sauce. This selection was about the best of the night. 
Cocktails are well poured and the Wine List is reasonable for a restaurant. Enjoyed a Sonoma Cutrer with this meal and that was another plus for the evening.
Be aware that some wines are available for only $20.00 on Wednesday nights. And while dining from Wednesdays through the weekend live music is being played in the Carousel Lounge that can be enjoyed.
And I have to also make as part of this Review my experience with the front of the house. Bethany and I were served as regulars by Dwayne and Caleb. These guys provided not only professional and attentive service but were a pleasure to meet that night. After we decided on what we were going to order we asked Dwayne what would he recommend? And his recommendations were exactly what we were prepared to and did order. 
In addition to the servers Michael DuPreé is the Manager that you would want to manage a restaurant that you would own. So nice to walk into a place without reservations and for the first time in years and be treated at the level we were during our entire dining experience.