Showed up earlyish on a Wednesday, the Almond Croissant was outstanding...indulged in some of those cute little pastries they were delightful.My new favorite breakfast/pastry spot in New Orleans!  I love everything about this place...the nice quiet location, the old charming tile interior, and of course... croissants!  I got hooked on the chocolate croissants, but my partner loved the apple croissant as well.  The cafe au lait is stellar...a great way to start the day!  The baguettes looked so awesome that we bought a sandwich to go; the sandwich was a little light on meat but the cheese & bread were good.  Others were recommending the quiches, but I couldn't get past the croissants.Plenty of table space so you don't feel rushed...every morning there feels liked a laid-back Sunday.  Closed on Tuesdays.I was really disappointed by the counter help and my tea and my bechamel turkey croissant. 
Yes, Sunday a.m. is busy. Yes, it is a relatively small and old (in a good way) setup.  However, geez, louis, the counter help needs to get it straight. Some pointers: How about ask up front, just like everywhere else, "Is this for here or to go?" There is no shame in asking that question first. How about one person on beverages, one person on orders, and one person at the cash register (like at La Madeleine).  OR the cashier gets everything as per the guest's order. The counter people were stumbling around asking each other, "Did you get those?" They were asking the customers, "Did you pay for that?" 
 Write a little sign that there are extra charges associated with credit cards if your order is over x dollars. (By the way, Envie, down the street, does not add an extra charge to credit/debit transactions, so I am likely to go to Envie for smoother service and easier credit card transactions in the future. Same goes for CC's.) 
Now on to my food and drink. Someone else noted the same thing: microwaved croissant with bechamel is not such a good ideal.  Microwaving made my potentially very nice flaky croissant a burning hot gooey mess. My hot mint tea was strangely lukewarm mint tea.  I wish I could love the Croissant d'Or. 
The desserts were so pretty. I will try again.Si sa che noi italiani abbiamo qualche difficoltà a fare una colazione decente all'estero, ma questo locale è una buona alternativa a Starbucks qui a NOLA.
La pasticceria è un pó troppo generosa col burro ma comunque passabile, il cappuccino non è male. 
Considerando che non siamo in Italia il punteggio di 4/5 mi pare appropriato.Not as good as it once was...I would like to write a more positive review of one of my favorite stops in the French Quarter; unfortunately, I cannot. The potato gratin I had this morning boarded on inedible - it was not spicy (as advertised) and the surface of the dish was like the interior of a tennis shoe. Pastries were better, but again not up to the old standards. I had the chocolate cake, and while it was better than the frozen food aisle, it was nothing out of ordinary bakery fare you could find almost anywhere.This place has the best French pastries I've ever tasted. It's expensive but worth it. Made up for my slight disappointment after all the hype with Cafe Du Mont.Cleaniness: 1
Food: 4
Atmosphere: 5
Overall, I give the place a 3. I found a hair in my croissant, so that took my score of this place down a lot. The girl working the counter was nice enough to give me a hair free croissant, but I was still a little skeptical. I had the almond croissant. It was pretty good. It would have been better if they warmed it up a little bit. As I live out of town and I found a hair in my food, I will never go back to this place again.Found it to be a very quaint place to grab some baked goods and coffee. Turns out, the baked goods were very good.
Clean, very white and european space. I'm glad we stopped.Quaint spot to chill w/espresso and a beautiful pastry. However, to warm up croissants they nuke them in the microwave and overdo it. The staff can be quite surly, too. Closed Tuesdays and by 3pm most other days, I believe, so check their hours before going. $10 minimum for CCs.Doesn't not test good and the coffee is bad jgdhffhgfg hffbn lgxlgxotzogzkgzozotxotxogxtxtozogxtxoyxyoxoyxotxpyzpyDefinitely one of the worst eateries in the French Quarter. All the pastries taste like something that came out of a Cisco truck a week ago or picked out of a pastry platter from Costco. Not to mention the croissants, which are dense, chewy and taste like over-cooked  bagels. Given this place three tries and been extremely disappointed every time. 
What really ticks me off is how they call themselves a breakfast establishment, but only have one breakfast option; a wet egg sitting atop a hardened croissant. How is that breakfast!? And once the eggs run out, breakfast is abruptly stopped without warning, leaving only cold lattes and watery coffee to accompany your croissant. 
On top of all that, the staff is extremely rude, unfriendly and jaded by the constant influx of French Quarter tourists. I can understand where their animosity stems from, but don't punish the only customer base willing to step through your doors, because locals certainly know to stay away!Chicken salad croissant was excellent.  Very pleasant counter help.  Super fast service.  Very reasonable prices.Best croissant I have ever had, period. It's seriously as good as it get.The best croissants this side of Straussbourg. Everything baked on the premesis. Try the Chickory au Lait with an Almond Croissant. Located at the original Angelo Brocato's- that's where the over the top tile comes from. CASH ONLY. DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE.Almond croissant was tasty, cheese Danish not so hot, and the cafe au lait was just plain bad. Was nice that they were open early.It's SO SO fresh and delicious croissant. You must come here if you are in New Orleans :$Not sure what happened to this place over the last 2 years. It used to be an amazing local gem but the quality has gone down tremendously. The croissants are soft and mushy. You'd get better in a Paris metro stop. The ham and cheese croissant has cream cheese. Not sure if you can even get that stuff in France but it's just weird. The staff is friendly and the place is still busy. The coffee is decent. If you are stuck in the area, then it's not bad but I wouldn't drive across town for it. I'm sad.This is probably the best bakery in Nola
Great cakes and basically everything we ordered was great!This may easily be the best place we went to on our trip to New Orleans. The service was phenomenal, the desserts were out of this world, and the price was reasonable, especially for it being located in the French Quarter. Definitely give it a try, you won't regret it!Pastries were not fresh or flavorful. If you're looking for french pastries try somewhere else. Tried the hazelnut brest and napoleon. Disappointed and not worth the money.Had a chocolate croissant here. This was terrible. I was surprised how bad it was given the heavy French influence in the cooking here.
Croissants should have layers of buttery pastry. This was a piece of bread with chocolate (and not very good chocolate) placed in it. Blechh :-P
Even our lowly Au Bon Pain chain in Boston does a better job and that's not saying much...Enjoyed a delicious slice of the frangipane with a great cup of coffee. The place is fantastically cute inside with old mosaic tile flooring and half burned-out vanity lights overhead. My only complaint is they close at 3pm on the weekends at least so my return/visit lazy afternoon pastry cravings were stifled. Alas, one more reason to return to Crescent City.A gem hiding out in the French Quarter! Croissant D'or is a must try for anyone craving a Parisian patisserie experience. The space is amazing and cute (love the tiles and row of big round light bulbs). And whoever dreamed up the bechamel croissant is a genius. Anything that is spun out of butter, stuffed with spinach then topped with bechamel and cheese is a deliciously fattening force to be reckoned with! Croissant is inexpensive to boot! This is my idea of (non-calorie counting) breakfast perfection.I've been coming to this place for about 5 years and always recommend it to people looking for  a light reasonably priced breakfast and coffee. We were in town in April 2011 and sadly, tragically it has apparently been sold. The new owners have kind of changed the interior, though not to a dramatic degree, so I can live with that. 
The real problem was the huge increase in prices but worse, terrible terrible quality. 2 quiches, or croissants & 2 cafe au lait used to come to $8, maybe $9 dollars. Now it was almost $15. 
Okay, I can live with that too if it's still delicious. It was LOUSY. The quiche crusts was the most dense, tough thing I have ever tried to eat. We never went back during the week except for coffee which was just OK. We used to hit this place every morning. Maybe they fired long standing employees and hired some new ones willing to work cheaper, maybe they are using cheaper ingredients, I dunno. Sadly, Croissant D'or no more....Delicious almond croissant. Amazing atmosphere great service. Clean and elegant get away from the busy strip.We visited here this month, Dec 2016, and it was as good as ever. Delicious pastries and breakfast. We have been to New Orleans many times and always have breakfast here. Even if our hotel includes it with room.
I would call it a quirky, French style, cafe. There is even a court yard if you prefer
My croissant was fresh buttery and plump. My scrambled cooked perfectly. The quiche was not over cooked like most. And everyone was very friendly. In spite of some of the rude and needy customersSublime!
One of the best meals I had in Nola, though it was only lunch.
I got the Praline Paris Brest, and Ham n Swiss Croissant, warmed. Both were absolutely delicious. The Croissant was not only buttery but had depth of flavor. Was something to savor. I actually was tempted to order the complete meal again, lol.Birthday week in the household always brought a Tarte Maison from Croissant D'Or. When Maurice was in control they were without parallel. He left, and they shrank, declined in quality, and increased in price. Now ownership has changed again, and a tarte maison is $29 and the size of a personal pizza (initially a large!). The quality and range of other offerings has declined in proportion. Whoever owns this now is milking the profits on the tourist trade, and cares little for the art. Still OK, though, and pricy.Enjoyed a fantastic brunch here. Got the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant, and the flavor profile was perfect. Enjoyed a delightful almond croissant as well.Simply amazing!  The beautiful building, first of all, is a sight to see.  The decorative moldings and the little courtyard are so charming.  The order at the counter style service isn't very efficient but the ladies behind the counter were friendly and smiling and very helpful.  Then...the food.  Lort have mercy.  Delicious.The food is overpriced and $4.00 orange juice in a tiny cup is ridiculous! The service was rude and horrible! I will never go again or even consider this place for any of my friends or family. I had far better experience with other places. Thanks for ruining my morning!Loved the food and pastries here. Get the quiches, the are awesome. Especially the broccoli and salmon one. The almond croissant is also heavenly. The lattes and cappucinos good. Everything was priced moderately and I really enjoyed my two breakfasts here.They have delicious cakes and pastries. The reason for the 3 stars is that while we were eating our great cakes and croissants, a cock roach was running on the floor so we had to move our bags from the floor and move away from our table before it got too close. A few ladies at another table did the same thing. We could see that they were not used to see roaches. We are from Florida so we have seen a few of them before - not in a cafe/restaurant though. Anyways, we went to the counter to tell the employees about it, so they could remove it. The only thing they did was saying "we are sorry" I am not sure that I will return despite their wonderful cakes and pastries.Their almond croissants were to die for. Decently priced and a great, quaint find in the French Quarter to grab a quick French pastry.Good place for croissants and coffee in the Quarter especially if you need an alternative to Cafe Du Monde.I hate to break the news on this one; however, this is NOT a four star rating by any stretch; and even more so when rates against all the other great bakery and boulangeries in the city.
1) the lady behind the counter wasn't just having a bad day; but would continually get distracted and do other random things.  Drugs?  Hangover?  I don't know... I felt bad and still tipped 20%.
2). French onion soup.... /meh
3) Ham and cheese on croissant...  /meh
Honestly... Tasted like it was at least a day old.
Not honoring their namesake is a big no no IMHO.
4) coffee.... /meh
Sorry folks.... Take a pass.  
I hope they can turn it around some day.Exellent French Bakery Cafe,  will not go wrong.  The pastries are fresh and the lattes are wonderfull.  The Tuna fish sandwish is fantastic.  Great service.  Highly recommend to those who visit the French Quarter with a taste for french patisserie.Pretty cool place! Built in the 1920s and the architecture is still authentic. A nice selection of pastries and sandwiches to choose from. Very open and decently clean. It's a little run down and needs some aesthetic maintenance but overall not too bad. The desert was actually really delicious!So .......... Yeah yelp has dissapointed me this time. 6 hour drive from Houston to New Orleans looking for New Orleans fine eats. After not getting any sleep, tired, and hungry we decided to try this place seeing how they have 4 stars on yelp, thinking in my head "hmmm all these people can't be wrong and they do have a high rating so why not" when we  arrived to  this place we were happy to see a line of customers and seeing a zagat rating " which I don't trust zagat no more " we were all happy thinking we were going to eat the most amazing croissants, boy were we wrong.
 We ordered the sausage and cheese croissant, ham and cheese croissant,  chocolate filled croissant, and this potato thingy on a dish whatever the hell it was. So 3 things came to mind when we were waiting in line, first where is that fresh bakery smell?  Second are they really gonna serve us the ones on the glass display which looked like its been sitting there the day before? And the microwave .......... Seriously the microwave ......... So I thought ok stop thinking to much into it I just had to try it before passing judgement. When we sat down with our food I took the first bite of the ham and cheese and wow it was horrible there was no freshness to it what so ever. My brother took a bite of the sausage croissant and he literally "no lie" spit it out because it was just so damn greesy. My girlfriend saw our reaction and didn't even want to try until I had to ask her several times to try it so we can actually get another validation on how disgusting it was and she agreed. We then tried the potato oh my god I wouldn't even feed my dog that crap how in the hell do you mess up on a potato dish? The chocolate croissant was whatever it gave my taste buds an "blah" this place should be very ashamed to be serving food like this to people and the price was ridiculous what is the owner thinking?
Because of this place I thought New Orleans was going to have nothing but crap restaurants and our hopes were real low until we tried acmes seafood and after that everything else was awesome. I read some of the comments stating that its a new owner running this place and the croissants use to be good, well if that's the case I guess we were out of luck not being able to experience the croissants how it was made back then.
To the yelpers that actually gave this place a good review, I'm sorry to say but you guys are dead wrong about this place and you guys either have some really bad taste buds or never really tried good croissants anywhere else. I advise anyone and everyone to not go here, they clearly don't give a damn about their product nor the customers. To the owner that's reading this I have this to say, you should be ashamed of yourself for the crap you serve and the prices should never be that high but I'm sure with a greedy mind you are all about milking the innocent people looking to have a good food experience. 
Zagat I don't trust you guys as well I mean you guys gave a good rating to a damn Wendy's I don't know how creditable Zagats ratings are anymore, maybe restaurant owners paying under the table to Zagat just to receive a high rating and a sticker placed on their windows and doors.  Its just a damn shame that yelpers probably won't even read the negative comments but more than likely flock over there just because of the 4 star rating. DON'T GO THERE YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!!!!!This is a nice little french bistro in the French Quarter, right near the Old Ursuline Convent. My wife and I split an almond croissant, which was big enough for the two of us for a snack.  The croissant was delicious, flakey, and moist. Very sweet- but not too sweat-which is how I like my croissants.  The only problem, and only reason I am deducting a star is because my wife found a hair in the croissant.  The staff was very kind and promptly gave us a new croissant.
Other than that, this is a great bakery to eat at. I had a great cafe au lait, and they they have a full espresso menu. Nice staff, beautiful white interior, great pastries.Based on prior reviews, things have changed since good reviews! 
Pretty bad all around. Croissant place does NOT have good croissants, chewy doughy not buttery not flaky. Quiche they stick in microwave in front of you, doesn't come out so good. So so watery coffee. Service was surly.Very very good; they had a wide selection of fresh delicious pastries, and the prices were very reasonable. The staff was friendly, and the place has a very friendly, relaxed atmosphere. I would highly recommend!Skip the long lines for Café du Monde and head down a few more blocks to Croissant D'or. This little café is the perfect place to spend a weekend morning (or weekday, if you're on vacation!), sipping a chocolate or hazelnut cappuccino and enjoying pain du chocolat (or chocolate croissants, if you'd rather). We also had a quiche Lorraine (helpfully warmed by the staff) and it was delicious too. Our preschooler enjoyed his blueberry croissant, and my husband - Parisian born and bred - declared it "pretty good." Since he's of the opinion you have to have French flour to be excellent, that's high praise indeed.I had a chicken salad croissant and immediately bookmarked the location so I know where to go next time I'm back in New Orleans. It was amazing! I definitely recommend to try it. 
It's a nice little bakery. Great place to grab a coffee and croissant. I'll be back!Convenient spot to get a coffee and a light breakfast. Its not the best or particularly impressive but there aren't a lot of options on that side of the quarter. And its way more cute/quaint than the chain coffee shop a few blocks away.My husband and I are wrapping up our New Orleans honeymoon today. We have eaten so much good food this week, but this is far and away our favorite breakfast place - bonus points earned for being literally around the corner from our hotel, the Hotel Provincial. Between the two of us and across three visits in one week, I can say from experience that the plain, ham and cheese, chocolate, apple, blueberry, and almond croissants are all buttery perfection (sorry, they sold out of raspberry before I could try it...). My husband also really enjoyed the vanilla petit four and the breakfast special with hash browns and bacon.  On top of all that, the decor and staff are utterly charming. I don't make many food recommendations, but I will be telling anyone I know who is traveling to New Orleans to come here.I'm so glad the awesome sales woman who knows her pastries and loves sharing the joy of them with others helped me pick out a chocolate ganache mouse with almond paste and a buttery crust tart.  It was delicious.  I hate half right away, but actually preferred the second half which had reached room temperature.Almond Croissants are always the best! Consistent. Not France but I also like the baguettes. Closest thing. Awesome always!!!I was searching for red velvet cake, when we walked into this lovely french bakery, 15 minutes before they were about to close.  Alas, no red velvet, but I did enjoy the most delicious petit four and, easily, the best almond croissant ever to hit my face.  Served warm.  When a dessert is balanced, not too sugary sweet, flakey, chocolately, silky...lots of adjectives here...you understand, fifteen minutes is more than enough time to enjoy whatever you finally decide to buy.I have a crush on their cakes... while visiting french quarter i visit there everyday for a piece of cakeIf you are visiting or even newly transplanted this place is a must. Delicious food and the French charm creates a beautiful experience. I chose the ham and Swiss baguette which was HUGE - freshly grated cheese and sliced ham, also added scrambled eggs.
The selection was just right offering deserts that would please even he pickiest of peopleThe croissants are absolutely delicious.  My husband wasn't a fan of the cheese that they used in the ham and cheese croissant but he's very picky. We're going back tomorrow to try something different.Overhyped! This place is out of the way and not worth it. 
The service here was terrible, the staff was disorganized/unhelpful, and we got cut in line twice! Once was by some homeless lady which was fine because I didn't want any part of that and the second time someone started to take our order but wandered off somewhere so the big family behind us got to order first. 
The salami sandwich was good, the salami was strong but only came with one thin piece across the sandwich. My chicken salad sandwich was average at best and came straight out of the fridge with saran wrap still on it. The raspberry croissant was the highlight of the meal, it was delicious but not worth coming back for.I stopped here on a Saturday mid morning and they didn't have any croissants left! They had plenty of sandwiches on a croissant and cakes but no single croissants., it was bizarre to me.The bottom line: With a reputation like they have, I would have expected more from the pastry. The only reason they get 3 stars and not 2 is that the coffee (cappuccino) was really good (and I am definitely a coffee snob)
The Pro's: The cappuccino. The ambiance. The quiche was okay. Not more. But not bad.
The con's: The sweet pastries were really nothing to write home about. Far from it. It is also pricey.  The coffee was really good, but not the cheapest...The croissants were good, although not the best I've had. A little bit on the heavy side, but the taste was very good. I liked the atmosphere inside the place with the old tiles. It gives the bakery a very nice retro ambiance. I will go back there on my next trip to NO.Stop here today before heading out of New Orleans. 
The lady that worked the front was very friendly. 
We ordered a few things and would have ordered more but is very expensive even for the French quarter. 
Did have both quiches with some coffee. 
Was pretty good, But not $7.00 each worth. 
This place is not open all day mostly a breakfast or early lunch. I think they would do a lot more business if prices were lower. Also we got there right before they were going to close 30 min later. And there was a lot of food left over so I'm also wondering how many days they keep it for and that it's not fresh daily. I would check before ordering of how long since it was made.after battling palmetto bugs all evening in my sepia-toned sublet (complete with ostrich feathers on the lamps...) i would wake up exhausted and in a rush to get to work. i'd hop in the shower, dress, and run outside only to wonder why i bothered as my curls turned to frizz and my sunglasses fogged up. I would dash around the corner to begin my day with THE BEST croissants in all of NOLA. take THAT palmettos, you can't stop me from enjoying blueberry, raspberry, and chocolate croissants and their fluffy and sticky goodness. the staff is adorable and friendly, and there are no palmettos to be seen. 
amazing bakery, amazing staff, lovely decor, and did i mention a striking lack of palmettos??This is the cutest place, I went twice in four days! I loved the French tiles and decor. Croissants, quiche, pastries, cakes..so much to choose from. 
1st time: spinach quiche, chocolate croissant, ham and cheese croissant (warm) and café au lait. 
2nd time: ham and cheese croissant with lettuce and tomato (cold), sausage croissant and cafe au lait. 
** disclosure both meals were shared ;) 
The croissants were so buttery, I mean like melt in your mouth flaky good. These croissants are now a top three all time favorite of mine. The quiche was large and had a nice soft crust.  I truly feel like you can't go wrong here. I would order everything again! 
There are plenty of tables and then some in the bay windows for seating and a cute courtyard area. If you are in the French Quarter area, stop by! Once or twice...I am a local and work in the area so I USED to stop in often. I had to stop going in though as the young lady (early 20's, brunette) who works in the morning (I would stop in around 8:30) was NEVER pleasant, ALWAYS had a frown on her face and NEVER greets you or says thank you after you order. I even asked her one day if everything was ok as she looked even more miserable than normal. As much as I enjoyed the pastries here, this was the start of my day and it can make for a crappy start when I am spending my very hard earned money and get such pitiful service.A quaint French bakery with a patio and window seating. I was a big fan of the cheese and ham quiche with a fresh coffee. My friend and I grabbed a cozy window seat to warm up in and have our breakfast. 
The service was fast paced and pushy but the customer line is long, so it seemed necessary to keep everyone moving.I ordered a raspberry croissant, my wife had petit fours. My croissant was really good, flaky, buttery and the fruit was delicious. The coffee was good. The only downside was the strong smell of urine outside the front door, and the bathrooms which were more like outhouses.In my last review I gave this place 4 stars, but that was based on my previous love for the place.  I regretted giving it that good of a rating, so here is a more accurate one.  This place used to be great when a French chef owned and operated it.  I don't know how long ago, a Vietnamese family took it over and the quality of everything there has suffered.  This place will always do a booming business because of its location and its looks.  But there is no longer attention paid to making good food here.  On 5/30/15 I had a vegetable soup that seemed like watered-down canned soup - unpardonable in a place like New Orleans, where I grew up.  Croissants were a disappointment.  Perhaps they are purchased from a large manufacturer like Costco, then over-priced to sell in the French Quarter.  I hope this place returns to its former glory.  The building itself is beautiful and the location is ideal when exploring the French Quarter.  Since Hurricane Katrina, it has been possible to get bad meals in lots of places in New Orleans.  What a shame.  To address Terri R., you should have eaten here when Maurice the French baker ran it.  Then you would have been flabbergasted by the baked goods and their quality.We had breakfast here early (8:00 am) a couple of days after Christmas. Get here early on the weekends before the line gets too long. The beignet was fabulous and made with yeast dough (much nicer than Cafe du Monde's). The croissants were good, but not as good as we've had. The espresso and other pastries were very good indeed. Cool place, lots of tables to hang out and read the news. Loved it!  We'll be back next time we're in Nola.In the interest of full disclosure, I must say that I really had built this place up in my mind before we came here. Visions of warm, freshly made French pastries that surpassed any I had eaten before and delicious coffee drinks danced in my head. What I got when I arrived was much more of a reality check. 
My friend and I split the chocolate croissant, Apple strudel and galette for breakfast. The galette was hard as a rock and basically tasted like a stale shortbread cookie I found in the back of my pantry. The Apple strudel was about on par with what I could have purchased in the bakery section of my local grocery store back home, and was served cold and had clearly been made at least a day or two earlier. The chocolate croissant was also served cold, had very little chocolate it in, and I've a better from William Sonoma. 
As for drinks, we paid $4 to get a tiny plastic glass of orange juice (served in one of those miniature punch glasses you see at proms and weddings), and my iced chocolate cappuccino tasted like neither chocolate or cappuccino and was served in a tiny little juice glass which made it also not worth the $4 price tag.
Sadly, for the $17 we spent here, we would have been happier with a McDonalds breakfast. The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because the atmosphere was so darn cute. Other than that this place was a complete bummer.I thought it was pretty good. I had a ham and swiss croissant and the Italian cream cake. My husband had an eclair. I don't think it's nearly as bad as the other reviews make it sound, but I didn't have the coffee.When "Plan A" for my girlfriend's birthday lunch didn't pan out due to my inability to read a schedule (Cafe Degas is closed on Mondays),  she suggested Croissant D'Or as a Plan B. Lovely little place, and not crowded. The sandwiches are a bit understuffed by New Orleans standards, but quite tasty and with very good bread.Perhaps worth 4.5 stars in this neighborhood, but not as good as the places in Paris.
Nothing stuck out as being excellent, but nothing bad either.  I tried the almond croissant and cafe au lait.
One service complaint that had no weight in the rating (as is usually the case with my reviews) is that I was automatically given a large cup of coffee.  I didn't realize there were two sizes, and was never asked which size I wanted.The croissant's are fantastic. The French owner comes in each morning to make them. They have adequate seating and if the weather is nice there is a patio in the back, which is dog friendly.The almond croissant was one of the best I have had! Great place for a relaxing breakfast!This past Saturday morning my parents, who were visiting, wanted to go have coffee and beignets at Cafe du Monde. We arrived to find a huge line of tourists wrapping around the building. Not wanting to wait or brave the packed crowd, I suggested Croissant D'Or.  My folks LOVED it. This place is a TRUE French bakery with good, strong (not chicory based) coffee and light, flakey, melt-in-your-mouth croissants. The pastry selection rivals some of my favorite patisseries in Paris! Needless to say, my folks now want to make going there on their future trips a necessary tradition and were delighted that Cafe du Monde was too crowded. Hopefully this place won't get "discovered" by the masses cause I really enjoyed getting to sit down & hear our conversation without loud bands or vagrants asking for money.This was an incredible find.  I was in New Orleans for a long weekend in February 2007 and stumbled across this place (or maybe someone directed us there -- can't remember), and I was really surprised.  New Orleans is definitely a unique American city, and this place reminded me of that.  It's the type of bakery that you would expect to find in Paris - not in the Southeast of the United States.  The croissants are amazing, and I particulary recommend the croissant with cheese and mybe broccoli.  I was back in New Orleans a few months after February 2007 (think it was June), and I made sure to go back to this place for quiche and cappucino.  
It's also away from the commotion of the rest of the Quarter, so totally laid back.A cute little cafe with a fantastic selection of fresh fruit, pastries, breads and treats.  A great place for a light breakfast or lunch!  Staff was great, especially the young lady helping out!Reliable and unpretentious, a croissant here on Saturday morning will probably save your life.
The line is often long, meandering out the door and a little slow, but service is friendly and there are a lot of ways to go French after you wish you second-guessed waiting to watch another sunrise.I came here two days in a row on a recent visit to New Orleans.  The cafe is in my favorite part of the quarter because it's quieter and near the Ursulines Convent which is a wonderful place to visit.  The first day, I stopped in for an iced cappuccino and an almond croissant.  Both were just what I needed after a hot afternoon walking around.  The second day, I returned with my husband for a quick lunch of a spinach quiche and another iced coffee.  The cakes and pastries in the case look beautiful.I walked to this spot for our hotel in search of my caffeine fix. I had an almond croissant and café mocha to start my day. I thought it would be fun to sit in the window seat to people watch. In comparison to other bakeries it was okay. My mocha came out quickly which was perfect. The almond croissant was fine. I wish it was fresher.This place is great - the apple croissant was to die for and the spinach quiche was yummy too.I was on a short vacation to NOLA and was on a mission to find a tasty almond croissant. I tried one at Cafe Beignet that I thought was pretty good but had to give this Patisserie a shot. However, the display tray was empty when I arrived and I was so sad! Lucky for me, I asked if they had any in the back and when they said yes I ordered 2 and some iced coffee. These croissants are huge and so pretty. The iced coffee was pretty good too and the nice girl behind the counter said the refills were free, even better! I took 1 to go but it was pretty hard and stale the next day, but the one I ate in the shop was delicious. Definitely give this place a try if you need a small snack before lunch.Not impressed at all, they don't know how to do a ham and cheese croissant. It's not hard. If you are looking for an authentic ham and cheese croissant go somewhere else.
You have the choice of a pre-made one but it has cheese baked into the top of the croissant  the other option was to have a "sandwich" with ham and cheese. So I ordered that thinking it might be a bit more authentic (French). Came out looking great: in a croissant but cold ....  asked them to heat it up and the  directed us to the self serve toaster oven  so proceeded to use that despite my concerns about hygiene and burning myself ....took over 10 mins.
Can definitely improve on their service by heating croissants instead of making the customer do it.The people giving bad reviews are super picky!  I always come here every year when I'm in town for a week.  I also go to France every year and sit for hours in cafes munching on croissants and sipping cafe cremes!  For a French style cafe outside of France this place is great!  I've never been disappointed!  I noticed people complaining about the croissants on here. Well the ones in France are usually a bit flakier and harder on the outside, but really they differ greatly from cafe to cafe even in Paris!  So unless you're an expert French Pastry chef I think you'll like these.  They are yummy :-). My favorite part is the atmosphere-  lovely French music and a charming "very French" decor including bay windows and a lovely courtyard.  My usual order- Chicken salad on baguette (delicious), tomato basil soup (very nice- not very creamy-more broth-y), almond croissant, and of course a cafe au lait!!  Get there early- they close at 3pm and I miss em sometimes! Enjoy :-)Almond Croissant and Chickory Coffee, nuff said!  This is nice little place in the French Quarter but away from the hustle & bustle of Jackson Sq. and Burboun St. 
It's gets 5 stars because I enjoy sitting inside and reading the newspaper and doing some people watching.  Get's an interesting mix of locals and tourist.  
So, if you like baked goods and looking to take a little break Croissant D'Or is worth checking out.Very over priced , a pain au chocolat that does not even taste close to one, the young lady at the counter did not say hi, thanks or even anything at all, clearly need training to greet customers - not recommended. From a French touristPastries here are great! The coffee drinks aren't quite as good, but they're way cheaper than most other places, and so I can get a complete morning pick-me-up package for $3.50 or so. Lurrrve.Delicious pastries and fresh squired orange juice. The only issues I had was the young blonde employee who had an attitude problem with touristBest chocolate croissant outside of France.  Very good cafe au lait and reasonably priced breakfast.  They have a nice little courtyard patio as well.  Their king cakes are a little pricey at $25-27, but not bad compared to other French Quarter bakeries.  They also have a French King Cake which is filled with almond paste.  I didn't try it, but it looked flakey and divine.  10 dollar minimum on credit cards.So elegant, moan-worthy croissants.  Somehow makes you feel as though you've stumbled upon it in some romantic dream.They did a nice Napoleon, and a hot soy latte. Exactly what I needed on this morning.Not sure why it has such high reviews but it was not worth my walk there. Nothing close to an authentic croissant which should be flaky on the outside and Fluffy on the inside. Instead it was soft and oily. Ham and cheese one tasted like a homemade sandwich instead of one from a patisserie and we were so disappointed. The cafe au lait and latte was just bland. Stick to cafe Du Monde for the cafe au lait. It's one of the rare places that actually lives up to it's hype and reviews.During the last day of my previous visit to New Orleans, I rather serendipitously stumbled upon Croissant D'or Patisserie. I had woken up early and needed coffee in a bad way. I set out of the hotel towards a Community Coffee shop, only to realize (and underscoring the need for coffee), several blocks later, I was on the wrong street. I thought I'd just hop over one street and double back to where I should be, but instead I ran into Croissant D'or. With coffee and croissant in hand, I headed back out to enjoy the beautiful day, making a note to return to the patisserie the next time to visit New Orleans.
Upon returning to New Orleans for another weekend trip, I had decided to drag my man Michael there for a cup of coffee. Saturday morning, we got up and made our way there. He grumbled and complained about walking to the far end of the French Quarter just to get some coffee, but after a raspberry croissant and a cup of coffee, he was hooked! 
The next morning, he eagerly accompanied be back to Croissant D'or for another round. This time, we each got a cup of coffee (with one free refill) and an array of baked goods: spinach quiche, brioche royal, blueberry croissant and raisin pastry (the actual name alludes me). The croissants were far better than most anything I've had this side of France. The quiche was delicious. The rest of the baked good were delightful. 
Quite the neighborhood gem with friendly staff and an eclectic arrangement of neighborhood faithfuls taking up a stool at the window tables. Well worth the few blocks walk off the beaten path.The quiche and croissants here are fantastic. Nice air conditioned restaurant in in the French Quarter. Definitely worth stopping in if you're hungry on this side of town.Recent change in ownership has ruined a great place! This used to be a must stop every time I went to New Orleans. I just visited again for the first time in a few years and things have changed. Apparently it was sold to new owners around two years ago and things have gone drastically down hill. The croissants used to be amazing, now they are no better than a gas station pastry. 
I don't know why the new owners have changed the recipe but it is nowhere near the quality it used to be. It is a sad day.This place is great for the ambiance. You truly feel like you are in 19th century New Orleans or some French cafe. The tiled floor looks original and so does the sign out front. There also two alcoves that face the street, which are great to sit at for people watching. As for the food, I got a plain croissant and it was OK.Stumbled upon Croissant D'Or Patisserie while wandering around the French Quarter and couldn't have been happier. Enjoyed a tasty dessert in the low key and charming atmosphere!Great variety of baked goods in the case. I ordered a few things to-go and was dismayed to discover they had packaged savory and sweet items in the same bag. Otherwise everything tasted delicious, and the staff was very quick to put together the order.Stumbled upon this gem on an early Saturday morning in the Quarter.  Yummy croissants, good coffee and the baked goods looked marvelous.Croissant sandwich was great, tart was sweet and tasty, and the meringue was melt in your mouth fluffy. The decor was simple but inviting. For the first stop on our New Orleans trip it was a nice intro to food in the French Quarter.I love this place!  I had the almond Croissant with coffee and it was the perfect breakfast.  My husband had the cream cheese danish and said it was perfect.  We went back later for desserts and both were out of this world. 
I'm not sure why people gave bad reviews.  I"m a baker and am amazed at the taste and quality of foods here.Great bakery, super tasty sandwiches, good techniques in pastry and cakes. Great service, attendent very  receptivesSlow but the croissants are beyond good. Get a variety to take back to your hotel. Top favorites were the carrot cake, chocolate croissant and plain ole' baguette- all for under  $20 with a drink.Ah man, such a disappointment on many levels.... First the positive, the shop is very cute. The inside and courtyard scream French cafe/bakery. Sadly, the croissants and service fall so short. 1) The croissants - they are thick and doughy, not bad though.  Their density makes them taste like doughnuts.  These are not fluffy, buttery French croissants.... After reviewing others' reviews and pictures, I'm left wondering whether other reviewers have ever had a good croissant...or was mine part of a bad batch? 2) The service - this is where it gets kinda weird.  So, I ordered a separate croissant and egg, not a sandwich.  A sandwich was delivered to my table.  No big deal.  I just told the older Vietnamese gentleman who dropped it off that it was wrong and he took it back.  Then a younger lady with a french accent who took our order came to me table to tell and show me that she had the order correct and that it wasn't supposed to be a sandwich...I'm not sure why she felt the need to show me that.  I just wanted the correct order.  Again, no big deal, but weird.  Then, while waiting, I go get utensils and napkins.  A round, hispanic lady, around 30 yrs old then walks up to me and tries to hand me a croissant (minus the egg) on a plate.  I ask her to please just deliver it to our table (as opposed to handing me a partial order while I'm standing up, getting utensils).  This apparently didn't sit well with her.  She gave me an incredulous look and walks away.  My wife later tells me that she did drop off the croissant, but says to my wife "You're boyfriend is weird."  I cannot believe that a server actually make a comment to my wife, so unprofessional (and kinda untrue) ...The service was so odd and unprofessional, I'd never return.  Now, if they had amazing Croissants, I may just suck it up and return, but that's definitely not the case here.I stumbled upon this place quite by accident one morning while visiting the French Quarter.  The atmosphere and ambience was most impressive.  The staff was extremely friendly and the croissants were amazing!
I had an Almond Croissant and a tall glass of milk.  So good!Great place for pastries and baked goods. Just don't get the vegetable soup.  Watery with canned vegetables.  European atmosphere.  I have always loved this place.We stayed across the street so this place was convenient. We had two breakfast meals there. The cheesecake and the tarts are wonderful. The first day I had a ham and cheese croissant sandwich. I do not recommend this at all. It is heated in a microwave and this heats the ham and cheese but makes the pastry soggy.
The fruit tarts and cheesecakes are not large but enough for a quick meal or snack early in the morning. The service was good, the inside of the place is light and breezy with enough seats for the clientele. We sat in the window seats.
It isn't exactly cheap for what you get but not terrible.
Yes try it out but stay away from the microwaved pastry.After reading all the reviews in tourist books, I actually had high expectations for this bakery. It didn't meet my standards. The croissants are big and fluffy, but I like them more buttery and toasted. The location and ambiance was wonderful. You can sit in a beautiful cafe table and feel transplanted into another place. I did enjoy the croissant sandwich but the coffee left much to be desired. Maybe next time I'll get a cafe au lait. They do have a large assortment of sweets as well.The service here was not good. They were extremely rude and when we came in at 1020 am, we were receiving the last two croissants. Once of the crossiants we received was give to us cold and we had to ask to hear it up and when we did, they rolled their eyes. The food was decent but took a long time to get to us. Overall not impressed and would not return/recommend it to anyone else.Nice atmosphere and delich pecan pie but the croissants are closer in their textures to a sandwich! Not flaky and full of layers! Soft yes but not what u would expect in a french bakery 
Nice to try, but i wouldnt be back!Stopped in here for an iced cappuccino and an eclair on a jaunt around the quarter with my girlfriend. The cappuccino isn't the best I've ever had but the pastry was delicious and this place is cool as hell. It's got a sweat court yard with a fake bird cage and some exotic plants. The inside is also awesome. I don't hang out in the quarter much, but I'll definitely be stopping by this place every time I'm down that way.We asked for Kouigan Amman on Saturday when we stopped by and chef made it for us on Sunday! So good and we really appreciate the chef and owner for going out of their way to make our request. Staff is also very friendlyThe concierge told me about this wonderful gem. Amazing selection for breakfast or lunch with authentic French patisserie! The courtyard seating was comfortable. This is the perfect spot to grab a bite if you are visiting The Gallier House, Beauregard-Keyes House, and the Museum at the Old Ursinline Convent. Lovely, inviting atmosphere and staff.I ate here 2 years ago for both breakfast and lunch on different days. More than happy both times. Will be back in Nola next week and can't wait to enjoy another meal here againDelicious croissants, nice atmosphere. They also have a terrace as well as indoor space.An old New Orleans pastry/ coffee shop. My ham & cheese croissant was pretty good. I'm no croissant connoisseur but it was tasty. The only part I didn't like was they warmed it in a microwave that kind of put a damper on it. A toaster oven would serve the same purpose and keep the integrity of the product. It used to be owned by one of the cities best Pastry Chefs Maurice Delechelle but he sold it off years ago. I he laid down a nice foundation, just wish I couldve experienced it while he was still running it. Still I was satisfied prices are really good and the pastries were imaginative.The best breakfast place in the quarter. I like my breakfasts on the lighter side - a croissant (or baguette & jam) and a cup of coffee. They also have mini-quiches, which looked good. 
But aside from the food, you have to come for the ambience and decor. The tiled interior is straight out of Paris. You'll feel like you're on vacation when you're eating here.Wow...this place is amazing. The pastries are perfect...the sandwiches are delicious...the atmosphere is quaint. If you are looking for a bit of solitude away from Bourbon street and a good pastry, this is the place.This place is an absolutely lovely cafe for a light lunch when you are craving something other than beignets, gumbo, seafood and other typical NOLA fare. We stopped in famished after walking and exploring the French quarter for what felt like hours and ordered a roasted chicken sandwich on a croissant with side salad and a couple of pastries to share. We sat outside in the courtyard by the fountain and felt like we were in a little oasis. The bread and croissant is freshly made in house and absolutely delicious. But the star of the meal was an almond pear tart that we shared for dessert. Light and flakey and not overly sweet. I also had a nice latte with soy milk (not too many coffee places in the quarter have non dairy options!) If we end up in NOLA again soon, we will definitely be paying this spot a visit :)i was soo happy to stumble upon this adorable little bakery. it was so art deco France circa 1920. the pastries there are phenomenal. for breakfast i had the the croissant with broccoli, ham and bechemel sauce!!! yummy. the spinach quiche was soo good, the eggs tasted so fresh and the crust was perfectly flaky. tiaramasu, VERY good as well. i felt like such a local eating at this place. they also have the traditional french king cakes eating around new years ever, just like the idea of the king cake for mardi gras!!
best find on my trip to NO!Buttery flaky goodness, oh my! Buttery flaky love, oh yes!
I was very impressed w/ the hospitable attitude from all of the employees to their customers! Everyone either smiled w/ acknowledgment, or nodded a hello -- very inviting and welcoming.
Pastries, mini quiches and baguettes adorned atop one of the several glass cases which housed beautiful lovely delights:
Croissants: butter, chocolate, ham/cheese, bechamel, blueberry, raspberry, almond, were just a few options.
Quiche: Loraine, spinach.
My other half and I had both types of quiche - can we say flakey butter goodness when it came to the mini-pizza-pan-esque shaped crust?! Oh la la! The eggy custard was PERFECT! None of the hardened, over baked scrambled mess...no sireeee!
I had several buttery croissants (over the course of several visits). The other half had delicious almond croissant; he reported that it wasn't overly sweet, but just enough sweetness on top w/ slivered toasted almonds. Thumbs up!
Oh and they were also very kind go not push the $ bottled water and happily filled
Dreaming of pastry goodness!
blk and rtgHands down and always has been the best breakfast place.The building is adorbs with vintage tiling and counter and it all has a lovely historical feel.  The quiche is divine,- follow this with a napoleon and a cappucino and all will be well.  The line and ordering system is a bit slow so there is  usually a line but worth the wait...and I never wati.Excellent sandwich - banquette and the service wow is perfectWow, what a find! We tried the chocolate croissant and almond croissant. Very nice cafe, great staff and affordable for a quick breakfast!I love this patisserie. The best croissants ever! I love the almond and the ham and cheese. We ate our croissants and then had a piece of opera cake and a fruit tart. So many calories I'm sure, but who cares! So worth it! The last time I ate here was over 25 years ago and everything was a good as I remembered. I highly recommend!For the ones that love real croissant or eclair, that is not good period.
Croissant: Flavor heavy butter/margarine low quality, over salty or used of baking soda. The texture is not right as well.
Eclair Chocolate: Cream low quality sour, salty. Crust texture too hard.
Over price and not "d'or" at all.
No recommended cross the city and go to La Boulangerie at Magazine.Sticky croissants. Poor espresso. Not a big fan, but it's pretty cheap and has a decent enclosed courtyard.Excellent, fresh pastries. We tried the spinach quiche and the almond croissant. They were both terrific, but the almond croissant took the prize. Everything about it was awesome! I can't wait to come back and try more!A wonderful, quiet, small patisserie that's popular among locals while  somehow remaining hidden from tourists. It's delightfully French, seeming to have taken all the good parts (the meticulously crafted food and quaint cafe ambiance) without the not-so-good parts (the service here really is quite friendly).
The pastries are made fresh every morning and the almond croissants are particularly amazing - fluffy throughout the multi-layered inside encased by a crisp crust. The quiche lambert is also fantastic, though I was less enthusiastic about the spinach quiche.
Though my girlfriend and I were only in New Orleans for four days, we found ourselves coming back here simply to enjoy the pastries.The almond croissants are the best I ever had.  The other items are good.   Nothing over the top.
The issue is the price/value ratio. They're getting so popular now they can charge prices that do not reflect the value.  I usually don't get out of there for anything less than $50. 
A can of soda is $2.50... which is a rip.The perfect way to start a day in the French Quarter.
The interior is beautiful - very Parisian. They also have a tiny courtyard with a few tables. Maybe I am not the best authority on this, as every Almond Croissant I try ends up being my new favorite, but this is definitely one of the tops. I also split a quiche, which was perfectly-cooked and not overly greasy. I couldn't resist buying a sleeve of macarons. At $12 for 6 itty, bitty cookies, it's not exactly a bargain, but they were quite delicious. We were there late morning-ish on a Saturday and had the place pretty much to ourselves. A great choice for all of your pastry needs.Loved this place.  great little environment to sit, drink coffee, and enjoy a nice little breakfast/lunch. Awesome almond croissants and the quiches are pretty good as well. Didn't get to try a freshly made sandwich but they looked delicious. Probably one of the places that I will always come back to and eat every time I visit NOLA.Totally stumbled into this place while wandering down Ursulines! I loved their almond croissant! It was so good that that's all I had, had again and bought to take home! I tried a cake, too. I believe it was almond. It was good. Not too sweet. The place is so cozy and cute! The Vietnamese couple/family that work it are also super sweet. I definitely recommend this place.Super friendly staff. Great outdoor seating area in a courtyard w a fountain and peaceful atmosphere to escape the tourists of bourbon street. Great croissant selections.We stopped in here for a pastry. The best part was the decor. The food was only okay. Not sure it was worth the calories.Perhaps the best croissant I've ever had. Overall wonderful pastries. I really reccomend any of the croissant options, though it seems the consensus is that the almond is the best.Very friendly, gracious staff. Ample indoor seating- covered courtyard is beautiful.  Decent bakery but the best Americano of our visit.This place is beautiful lot of character. Very Frenchy. The quality of the product is amazing, delicious and perfect Napoleon, lemon soufflé unreal, with lot of flavor and texture it was prize award good. The only thing I must address was the service, it was our first visit and the people in the register were like hurry up, no time to explain and give us a descriptions of the product, so much the confuses our order twice. I will paid more attention to detail in customer service as they have in the quality of the productsI got the blueberry croissant and the spinach quiche. They both were tasty but I would've liked if they didn't just microwave the quiche and if they toasted the croissant instead of leaving it cold. There was a nice little courtyard outside, but it really only had a skylight. I did enjoy the food, it just could've been better served.Watery coffee and grocery store croissants. Beautiful location, I just wish the food was better!This used to be a staple of mine for years. A French guy owned it at one point, and I miss morning croissants in Paris and Lebanon. Croissants look and seem so easy but they are among the easiest pastries to "fluff up". The chocolate and ham&cheese croissant this time were good. Lots of layers, could be a bit more flaky with a tad crunch. Definitely better than What's offered in Houston. The almond croissant was so disappointing though. The texture was also like a sandwich, as someone else noted. It was so dense, not light, fluffy, or layered. That one definitely needs some overhaul. But overall the place is good for breakfast.A magnificent place to get coffee, baguettes, assorted filled croissants, as well as other baked goods.
This place is a gem -- go here.  I can't say much more about it other than that it IS what you are looking for (if you are, in fact, looking for good coffee and a delicious baked thing).
PS: Call to see if they're open because I believe they are closed by 3pm.The croissants are superbly buttery and flaky.mmmmmmmmmm.
This quaint bakery resides in the old Brocato ice cream store.  Check out the tiles in the sidewalk at the entrance...a real throw back to the twenties.This place used to make amazing croissants - they changed ownership some time last year and since then it's gone quite a bit downhill. Their croissants are no longer flaky or crispy, more like dinner rolls. So sad to see them go...Cappuccino was great a little stronger than usually but great. Ham cheese croissant was too heavy and they used cream cheese instead of yellow American cheese, very different flavor overall. Veggie quiche was okay, it wasn't evenly warmed. NOTE! They claim to provide "fresh squeezed orange juice" but we noticed a worker refilling a glass with orange juice from a gallon (store bought).Casual French-like cafe; quiche, pastries and some elegant desserts of swan meringues and marzipan pigs. The pastry chef had some wonderful items but it was too early in the day for me to try any.I really loved the atmosphere, & especially the wide array of pastries when you first walk in. 
I ordered a croissant sandwich, the croissant had the perfect amount of butter and great flakiness. I also got a cappuccino and a frangipane. I had never had a frangipane & it was pretty tasty.Great croissants and baguettes. It is a wonderful place to go for a quick breakfast or to sit and read the paper over a cup of coffee.This is a really good patisserie. The prices are fair, and the atmosphere doesn't get any better. They have an awesome courtyard and plenty of indoor seating. My girlfriend particularly raves over the iced cappuccino. Recommend to locals and tourists alike who appreciate and / or crave a good croissant.This is my go to place after a fun night on Bourbon St. The croissants are always fresh and delicious. It is a nice light breakfast, the perfect start to a new day in the French Quarter!Very  popular, no thanks  to employees  or owners. A little attitude  attatude adjustment would helpI'm a new resident to New Orleans, so I've been eager to go to the hidden gems and lucked out today! The coffee shop my friends visiting wanted to go was closed, I didn't know where to go, but thanks to a bicycle cabbie(?), she referred us here! The staff were great, the coffee was sublime, my quiche was wonderful, and most importantly, I found a coffee shop to frequent! Why four stars? My friend told me the men's room needed some attention!the best almond croissants ever!
there was also this almond pastry pie looking thing and that was delicious too!
it was a bit out of the way but we loved it because it was quiet compared to the rest of New Orleans on that weekend.I popped into the Croissant D'Or a couple of times during our stay at the Hotel Provincial around the corner.
It's all right.
I'm not really one who enjoys pastries for breakfast, but Croissant D'Or does have savory croissants with fillings like ham & cheese, or sausage.  The croissants were good, but not great.  I agree with a couple of other recent reviews suggesting that they're somewhat too heavy.  And they're not cheap, given their size.  Coffee seemed pretty average for the relatively high prices, too.  
The store is located in a charming, quiet block in the lower Quarter.  I think the surroundings are more appealing than the store itself, whose interior is actually kinda stark and plain.  
My main beef was with the service, which in this town is too often a problem at businesses that are less than high-end (and I say this as somebody who lived in NOLA for 11-plus years):  The staff behind the counter were pretty joyless and seemed put-upon dealing with the crowds on a Sunday morning, just going through the motions, and on a quieter Wednesday, the young gal behind the counter was borderline surly.  She could barely be bothered to utter more than a couple of syllables.
P.S.  On the Sunday morning, I saw not one but two old guys (i.e., even older than me!) wearing berets.  But damn:  How am I going to feel like I'm in Paris if you're not also wearing Breton stripe shirts, too?The best croissant I have ever eaten....the chocolate cakes will melt in your mouth.....it's like my French grandmother is back in the kitchen cooking!As I am writing this, I can only think about the best chicken salad sandwich on the best croissant ever.  This place is so cute, and walking in I knew it was going to be good.  My friend is still talking about the meringue that was a GREAT buy at $1.50.  If you're in NOLA and want a kitchy, French cafe with treats galore, go here.Getting a delicious, buttery croissant and coffee, sitting in the window and reading the local alt weekly every morning was one of the highlights of my trip to NOLA. Friendly staff and very reasonable prices. I don't know how local it's considered for residents, but for out-of-towners it feels pretty damn local (at least more so than Cafe Dumonde...)The place is very clean once you walk in through the doors!  My friend and I came across this spot while walking back to our airbnb.  It super cute and the dessert display is just stunning.  If you have a major sweet tooth, this is THE place to go!  I ended up getting a cup of Cafe Au Lait and their fruit tart.  
The service was pretty good as well.  I can't say that the fruit tart was THE BEST I've ever had, but I'm definitely glad that I tried this spot out.  I will admit that the only regret that I have is not ordering a croissant.  I wish I read these reviews while I was in the bakery, but my eyes were so distracted with their dessert displays! haha.  Def a sweet tooth paradise here!Popped into this place while on our way to Cafe du Monde, this was honestly better. 
We had the fresh pressed orange juice and the breakfast special (two eggs, croissant and bacon) along with a piece of fudge cake. Best croissant I've had in the states! 
Great ambiance inside, I highly recommend sitting outside in the courtyard/atrium area.I loved the Croissants and the atmosphere.  However, just like Paris, the staff could have been friendlier.Great place for a light breakfast. Old spot with lots of character. Good food and coffee.Amazing food and coffee. Truly authentic, and is the closest thing I have found in the French quarter to q real French bakery. We got our pastries there every day for one week! Delicious. Beautiful interior courtyard with fountain.Croissant d'Or was recommended to me by a friend who loves good food and New Orleans, in that order, so I figured I was safe bypassing the Fried Chicken Festival for something French and flaky and I was correct.  It's in the French Quarter but in a relatively quiet area, which is nice.  They have courtyard and indoor seating.  I opted for indoors since it was pretty warm outside and I was looking at a couple more hours of walking.  
You order at the bakery counter and given a number and your order is then delivered to your table.  The two women with whom I spoke were both knowledgeable and friendly and my order was delivered even more quickly than I expected.
This is a bakery first of all and they're really good at that.  The food service is obviously offered as an enhancement.  It's simple fare - sandwiches, salads and breakfasts.  I ordered the ham and Swiss on a croissant and an iced cappuccino both of which were very tasty.  The croissant is the real deal - all flakes and butter - and the coffee really hit the spot.  I also took apple strudel and a raspberry croissant to bring home with me.  I was flying that day and I knew the croissant would never make it intact but I did it anyway.  I was right but it was still delicious the next morning, although the flake was certainly history.  My husband reported that the strudel was still spot on and he enjoyed every bite. This is a gem of a place and I heartily recommend it to anyone who appreciates quality baked goods.Quint European influence cafe with comfortable atmosphere. Home made breads, pastries, freshly made sandwiches with a nice selection of coffee's. We had a croissant and palmier, both delicious.Almond croissant, raspberry croissant, chocolate croissant, hot chocolate. I would eat here every morning if I lived anywhere near by. Friendly people, cute courtyard to sit in with the adorable little peeing boy fountain, and great food, minus the tourist crowds. Cant get much better than that, can you?Staying in the French Quarter? 
You need a fast breakfast, but you can't handle any more fried food and tourists? 
Croissant D'or.
This place is a little rundown, but it is still adorable. It is located in an old fashioned ice cream parlor, with it's art deco tiled walls and stained glass intact. They have a variety of pastries, and sweets. My personal favorite is the bechamel and broccoli croissant.
 If you come on the weekend or too early in the morning there may be a bit of a line. However, it moves fast enough. Just take that time to look at all they have to offer, and be ready with your questions and what you want to order when you get to the front.
It's not completely tourist free, but it sure beats the crowd at Cafe du Monde.Wow, this place seems to get the extremes of love & hate in the reviews. Came here with 3 other ppl on a Sun 11am, ordered a range of food from several varieties of croissants to quiche to sandwich to various coffee drinks & we all liked what we tasted.  The only warning might be that the croissants tend towards the heavier/doughy-er pastry end of the spectrum, rather than the super light & crispy flakey type. Different strokes, different folks.  Line varies from out the door to none at all, & seating can easily fill up.The almond croissant was heaven! I have to go back during my trip as I want to try more. This place is clean with nice service and amazing baked goodies!! The quiche looked delicious too.I felt lucky to find this little gem of a cafe in the midst of the messy French Quarter. I would give it 5 stars but it thought it a little overpriced. The chocolate croissant was perfect and I really enjoyed the iced cappuccino. They have cute little courtyard in the back where it is nice to sit and enjoy your food.the shop itself is cute and pretty french-ish. the pastries are not something that I would walk 30min to get though. pretty normal croissants and coffee.I heard of this place before I got to New Orleans. I was like I have to go here before I leave! Once you get towards the local area, the restaurant closes early. Store hours are 630 am to 2 pm. So I'm walking towards this place... I noticed we were walking far away from the tourist area and into a local area. It was real quiet. You see ALOT of locals walking their dogs and enjoying the nice weather... you know what this means right? The dog businesses is all over the sidewalk. We got to Croissant D' or Patisserie. It's still a safe area of the French Quarter so don't be alarm. The scenery needs to be admire as you walk down the path. The French culture is definitely reserved in this area. Back to the restaurant. It's a small bakery. The interior is unique and beautiful. There is an outside patio to sit out on a lovely day. The croissant is flaky and buttery. All the goodness for less than $2. You can tell the difference in taste, too. Yum! The croissant with (ham and broccoli or turkey) is good! I got a lot of recommendations. I ordered 13 items to-go. I tried it all. It was good I tell ya! You won't be disappointed.What a cool place for a cup of coffee and desserts. Beautiful building and great service.This place is complete bullshit. I can tell from the reviews that out of town people think they are getting some "real" New Orleans experience or something by going here. What a waste of money this place is.  Went there this morning with friends and ordered 4 mochas. The mochas tasted like they were made with hot water, a splash of coffee, and some cocoa sprinkled on top. After complaining about the lack of coffee in them (they really should have been made with espresso, but whatever) they told us that is pretty much exactly how they were made. Then the OWNER told that if we didn't like it then we didn't have to come back there. Rudest woman I have encountered in this city so far.  In fact, all the women behind the counter were extremely rude.Fantastic pastries! Husband and I stopped in on our last morning in NO, and couldn't have been more pleased. First of all the place is clean, bright and almost majestic looking inside, love the old tiles and the white walls. The pastries and the pastry displays themselves were aesthetically pleasing. As a classically trained french chef, I was super excited to see all of the perfectly executed croissant options, oh and the MERINGUES!! These bakers know what they are doing (ignore the bad reviews, those people don't understand what they're talking about) We had a chocolate croissant, a quiche and two coffees. Perfect light breakfast, we will most definitely be back again and again.Croissant D'or Patisserie is absolutely my favorite bakery in New Orleans. I had the luxury of being introduced to this café a few months ago and have never had such an incredible croissant in my life. We returned to NOLA for the weekend and I took our family there and we were all impressed, including myself. 
We had sandwiches and splurged on desserts. We chose to have our sandwiches on baguettes and were not disappointed. Amazing bread, well balanced sandwich.
The croissants are soft, flaky, flavorful and just overall an incredible treat. The fruit tart is sweet without being too sweet. The chocolate mousse filled éclair is light and creamy and wonderful. The raspberry macaronade was flavorful and light, perfectly balanced with sweet and tart.We love this little French patisserie at the residential end of the quarter. Fresh delicious pastries, decadent desserts and strong high quality coffee. The ambiance suits the place perfectly. Small tables nearby each other with people relaxing with their morning brioche and cafe, a good book or newspaper in hand. The courtyard out back is inviting and a perfect place when the weather cooperates. Tables wedged in the front windows of the dining room also lend a boost to the European feel of the whole experience.This place rocked under Maurice who is long gone. It's still decent and a good cheapish eat in the quarter in a fun setting. Just had an almond croissant that was mushy and couldn't really taste any almond paste. Not bad but not fantastic like the old days. It's also getting pricier over time but not too bad if you didn't know any better.We found out this was a bit of a secret and came here for breakfast one morning. They make all pastries fresh every day. They were really super. Only detraction was that the staff was not very friendly. Really unhelpful. We wanted chocolate croissants and they were sold out. I asked if they had any more and got a terse no. We purchased other items and as we were walking away from the register someone comes out with a tray of them and fills the display. My daughter got back in line and bought some of those too. All the pastries were delicious, sigh.3.5 really, but I rounded up. Came here on a recommendation for the croissants. I had the chocolate and breakfast sausage croissants to try a sweet and savory. Overall, I'd say pretty good. They warm them in a microwave, which is a red flag. The croissants were light but not very flaky, rich but not divinely so. Cool tile interior, and some nice small tables hidden by the windows. Staff was helpful. But overall didn't blow me away.Une bonne pause pour bien manger.
Beaucoup de pâtisserie Française "Américanisée" de bonne qualité
du salé, du sucré.
Bonne étape
Je recommandeAwesome place if you're looking for some delicious pastries, good coffee, and good ambiance. This is a good place if you're looking for a break from the delicious overwhelming Cajun brunches.Cute bakery with lots of delicious baked treats.
We tried the blueberry croissant, almond croissant and iced coffee. 
The iced coffee was decent, but the real stars were the baked goods, of course. The croissants were not as flakey as I would expect, more biscuit-like consistency, but still very good. The blueberry filling left something to be desired, though. Stick with the almond croissant.
If you're visiting New Orleans and walking around a ton, this is also a good/non-crowded spot with plenty of seating and a very clean restroom; perfect for when you need to take a break.Excellent croissants of all kinds, delicious spinach quiche and others. Excellent and attentive service.We walked here on a quiet Sunday morning in the Quarter and had the most amazing quiche and croissants. I had the chicken quiche and it was probably the best quiche I've ever had- yummy and filling with cheeses and mushrooms and an awesome crust. Also had the almond croissant  and it was to die for. You can tell they actually make the pastry with a buttery layer in between...could not get enough. Great atmosphere, affordable price. An absolute gem and my new favorite cafe in the French QuarterCroissant D'or is my pastry place in the Quarter. I have found that they meet several needs of mine with ease. One need is a tasty plain croissant with a decent cup of coffee and a good place to sit and read while watching the world go by. Check. Another need is to have a spot where I can pick up pastries for visitors that aren't so lucky to have pastry shops in their neck of the woods. My mom loves napoleons and my sister loves fruit tarts. Check again. I also love their French king cake this time of year. They have delicious cheesy breakfast casseroles too. My only qualm would be their sandwiches. They make them early in the morning and wrap them up in the fridge for the day. I know you need to keep my chicken salad cold, but could you just put some on a fresh (not cold) croissant when I order it? Maybe you guys should just ditch the sandwiches and stick with the yummy sweets huh? Like most bakeries, the earlier you get there, the fresher and tastier everything is. There is usually a line but it is a small shop so it's not as long a wait as it might look. Grab a croissant, a cup of coffee, a paper and grab a seat at the window counter and relax.Came here cause of all the positive Yelp reviews and overall 4 star rating...
Coffee:
cafe mocha - tasted like watered down sweet water
Cafe viennois- they said it was drip coffee with whipped creme and chocolate on top... Still tastes like watered down flavored coffee...
Almond croissant - really sweet, basically tasted like it was dipped in sugar water or completely glazed. 
Not sure why it has so many good Yelp reviews... The only thing going for this place is the nice interior and friendly service (a star for both).. But otherwise, dismal coffee place. I wouldn't come here again if I came to New Orleans.I'm such a sucker for pastries and this little shop does it right. Before heading back home to Phoenix, I decided to pick up some treats to enjoy for breakfast for the week to come. I started rattling off my order, picking at random really and soon came up to 7 croissants (at a pricier $17 bill). I stuck to the croissants because these are my baseline for any french bakery. It's like finding a pair of perfect flats to me. Why try something else when you know you these are best of breed and just want every color it comes in (or in this case flavors to try). 
Shame on me for thinking this would last me a week. Upon getting home, these croissants are perfection when you pop them into the conventional oven for 5-10 minutes at 300 degrees, like it was freshly baked every morning. I'm two days in and down to 2. :/ Almond is a stand out. OMG....But like really...BEST pastries ever! 
Went for breakfast and my indecisiveness kicked in full gear when I saw all the goodies to choose from. Since my mind only focuses on chocolate when I see it, I went with the chocolate filled buttery croissant.  And let me just say... I DIE, I literally died.. SO GOOD!  Perfect amount of chocolate inside of a flaky buttery soft croissant and an iced hazelnut cappuccino topped with froth. The staff was very nice and friendly and the atmosphere was enchanting.  Hopefully when you get there you can sit in the window seat for a cozy intimate outing.  There is an outside courtyard area that is the most charming thing I've seen with seating if you prefer to sit outside with shade.  There are so many other things to choose from so get over there and try them out.  
Parking is the only downfall of this place since it is in the French Quarter and you have to deal with the street parking, but worth it!Fantastic pastries and very inexpensive. I highly recommend the Picasso, so super tasty! The shop was quaint and pretty, as well.
My only complaint was that the stock was low, but that could have been because it was later in the afternoon. Otherwise, just all around awesome.I don't remember the name of it, but had a pastry shaped like a pig (ladyfingers with some type of buttercream filling, covered in pink marzipan).  It was mediocre at best.  The girl working behind the counter was nice, but didn't seem very knowledgeable about what was in the case.  Was hoping for better judging by the reviews, perhaps I chose the wrong item to try. :(Our late morning regular stop while in NOLA...everything is fresh and amazing including the coffee...great place to sit and read.So not even close to a real French patisserie.  There is one in the Garden District called la boulangerie.  its true french baking.  go there!  if you want american style "french" pastries and nasty bread by all means come to this place and waste your money.People who eat here have never been to France or a city that makes real croissants. I have been to France and my girlfriend is an amazing baker who makes great croissants and these were not on par. Also they have a coffee menu, but the word coffee isn't an option. Like in Europe, the café au lait is not their equivalent of coffee. That said, café au lait was good, but I was disappointed their regular (free refill) coffee was not readily advertised on the menu. Very confusing.
Go outside of the quarter and find better pastries.Have been coming here for ten years. The beauty of the building itself is one reason, but the cafe au lait and pastries is another. My kids have grown up on the little chocolate mice filled with cream. We recently went on a tour of the Beauregard-Keyes house around the corner and found out how it is connected, and how the Croissant d'Or was formerly Angelo Brocato's. Notice the women's and men's entrances outside!Weren't there around 10:30 am on Saturday.  After waiting in a long line was found they were out of quiche Lorraine which we came for.  Okay, no problem.  We'll take one of the bechamel sandwiches.  No wait, they were out of all for types already and lunch hadn't even started yet!  And they weren't going to make more of anything they ran out of.  They were also out of most other types of croissants and danish.  We left without getting anything.  Very poor planning.  If you are open till 3pm and run out of food with 4 hours of your day left (including being out of lunch items prior to lunch) that's very poor planning and management of your facility.  Not going back.I have been coming here since I was a child on our trips to New Orleans and therefore my nostalgia of this place may well outweigh its merit. Hidden in the quieter section of the French Quarter, this Cafe is open for breakfast thru early lunch with a variety of pastry options. The place has a charm with its white and blue walls and checkered floors... as a photographer it's a gem!
I am definitely a fan of their notorious almond croissant, which even during the late morning was fresh and warm. Coffee comes in large wide cups and they carry Orangina, a great addition to any breakfast. I have also tried the breakfast Quiches which are wonderful as well.
Be sure to check their hours as it seems every trip I've had there they change it up!Whenever I visit New Orleans, I make sure I wake my butt up early enough to get here. I found this place accidentally after walking around where I was staying one year and made the best decision EVER to eat here. They have a tuna salad on croissant that is REALLY yummy. In addition to that, I always get a fruit tart and some good coffee and that is my go to breakfast (yes, I know tuna might not be breakfast fare, but it is when I go here!!)
I've seen some reviews that, in my opinion, come across as "patisserie snobs". Are these Grade A, French superb style croissants? Perhaps not. But they are still very NOM NOM.
I wish I could transport from Maryland to Louisiana just so I could go to the shop and eat. Unfortunately, I have to stick to my year or two visits instead, sigh.I really love this place! The atmosphere is so romantic. My husband and I always stay at the hotel across the street (which is wonderful too) and have Croissant D'or every single morning for breakfast! Its just delicious! My favorite are the blueberry croissants... I usually order 3 at one time! Also love the meat pies, chocolate croissants, almond croissants, ham and cheese croissants, sausage and cheese croissants and cafe au lait is a must! I also really appreciate the architecture of this place, from the ladies' entrance, courtyard, ornate crown molding and penny tile floor its just spendid!I love this place. It was a perfect sit down. The counter ordering was pleasant too. I can't wait to visit again. I suggest the egg breakfast and cappuccino.What says romance to you? Flowers? Long walks on the beach? When you husband cleans the toilet? 
For me, it's coffee. More specifically, cafés like this one, with it's crumbling tile floors and art deco details, expansive case of sweet and savory delicacies prepared on site, huge, curved ceramic coffee cups on saucers (!), and a table in the window sitting empty like it was waiting for my husband and I to show up. This is heaven to me. When I was a teenager there was a French bakery and café where I used to wait after drum lessons for my mom to pick me up that wanted to be like Croissant D'Or, and I used to pretend I was in Paris, drinking my latté and stunting my growth like the sophisticated 16 year old I was. Croissant D'Or is one step closer to that fantasy.
Croissant D'Or has delicious pastries, including my favorite sweet choice, the chocolate filled croissant. However, I was especially partial to the ham and cheese filled croissant, and the spinach bechamel croissant. We shared a cold chicken sandwich on a baguette one day that was so simple but so fresh and perfect.
I think my husband may have had a cappuccino one day, but I stuck with the drip coffee which was wonderful. I took some of my best photos of the honeymoon in this place, it was just impossible NOT to take a good photo. Even going to the restroom here is an adventure, you go out a back door into a dark, moss covered alley behind the courtyard to an impossibly tiny tiled W.C.
This is what I want a coffee shop to be. This is romance in tangible form, and I hope I get to go back one day!This place was recommended to me by a Creole tour guide who said forget Cafe du Monde and go check out some real French goodness... I was not disappointed!
I tried about 4 different pastries including a chocolate stuffed croissant and a slice of quiche that was out of this world. Great coffee and espresso drinks, and the staff is really pleasant.
I'm looking forward to going back so I can try some of their lunch items...Real espresso in the correct volumes, delicious pastries, the look of a French patisserie... what's missing? Nothing.Mercy me, those almond croissants!  Just thinking about them has made me start to drool.  My one regret on my visit here was that I didn't load up on these on my way out.
I had read in my Eyewitness Travel book that the eclairs were super good, but I was a little disappointed with mine.  That eclair was the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars.  I'm partly to blame for my disappointment there, since I wasn't entirely sure what an eclair was before I ordered it :)  Turns out, I don't really like tough, skinny cream puffs.Place is one of few cafes in French Quarter, hidden little gem with inside patio surrounded by buildings. Their baguette are very fresh so I had one almost everyday and gain weight but they are just so good! I also tired their almond torte and it was yummy.