Sexy space, hipster crowd, cute appetizers, and fancy cocktails. But some of those fancy cocktails (and I can't remember which ones, I admit) didn't taste as good as they sounded in the menu. And since I don't remember which ones were icky, let's just say avoid the fancy cocktails and go straight for the hard stuff.Love this place! The decor and overall ambiance is so sexy and cool.  It's very reminiscent of NYC or LA bars.  I'm sure the bartenders call themselves "mixologists" :)  It feels like that kind of place.  
The music is often unexepected with hip hop one minute and techno the next.  I love it!  
I've only been twice.  Once was a random drop in and the second was for my very own birthday gathering. That's how much I enjoyed the overall vibe!
I haven't had a chance to enjoy any of the food but looking forward to trying it out.  My only complaint (and it's really not a complaint) is that there are no standard liquors on the menu.  You've got to take a chance and try out a random vodka etc if you're looking for a cocktail.  Chances are good that you'll enjoy what they recommend but it can impede some from wanting to order.  Otherwise....I say step right in and enjoy a cool Nola spot with the feeling of chic big city bar.Stellar service from extremely knowledgable bartender and terrific drinks. What else is there to ask for? Five stars on the obvious merits.Solid cocktail bar.  We took a cab to Freret to have pre-Cochon cocktails, only to arrive at Cure at 4:15, 45 minutes before their Saturday opening time.  The bartendress was kind enough to stick her head out the door and suggest we check out the Freret Market down the street.  We did, ate a few meat pies, and generally had a good time.  
When the door at Cure unlocked at 5:05, our party of 3 was greeted courteously, but not necessarily warmly, by the bar staff.  After we planted ourselves at the bar, however, the relationship progressed and some warmth showed.  
The warm cocktail of the day, an apple jack-based cider, deftly balanced sweet, spicy, and boozey.  A gin fizz off the menu could've used a bit more fizz, but was well-prepared.  The Big Apple, a slightly sweeter, spicier take on a Manhattan, lived up to the bartendress's praises (it's her recipe, apparently).  An off-the-menu Last Word wasn't quite "the best cocktail ever made" as promised, but the way its sweet-citrusy-herbaciousness teased my taste buds made me happy.
"Pretentious" isn't a word I'd use to describe this place, and I'm from Dallas, where even a trip to the grocery store typically involves a fair amount of less-than-authentic behavior.  Overall, Cure is as good an upscale cocktail bar as I've ever experienced, and the fresh investment in the Freret neighborhood it represents merits a 5th star .There are some people who might say that this bar is for obnoxious hipsters. There are others who might say it is for pretentious people. They're both wrong. Cure is definitely for obnoxious, pretentious hipsters. 
Mixologists? Really? If mixing is a science, put it on the SAT. Cure may want to focus a little less on the "science" of mixing and a little more on getting your drinks to you inside of 15 minutes.
If you are looking for nice ambience and expertly mixed cocktails without the wait OR the attitude, head a little further downtown to the Sazerac in the Roosevelt. It may be a little packed and there may be a fair share of tourists, but at least it doesn't give off the vibe that fun is strictly verboten.Cure is not my kind of place. I've actually visited it three times but only once actually been inside. It was only that last time (during a Yelp bar crawl) that I even realized it was Cure. With the lack of a sign I had no idea the other two times. So, why only inside once? Because the other two times I or someone in my party was turned away. So what if I'm in a t-shirt or maybe I have shorts on. Freret St never struck me as the kind of place to have a dress code.
The last time, when I did gain access it was no doubt because I was with a Yelp group. The hipster doorman even stopped me as we were entering to tell me the dress code was being enforced at 9:00. It was 8:45. I took this to mean, "have a drink with your friends and then get out".
As for the drinks, I didn't try any of the fancy cocktails because of the ridiculous price. No mixed drink should cost $18. I did order a Scotch and got a single finger's height of it for $14. Simply criminal.The place is gorgeous. The cocktails are fabulous. Most of the people there on Sunday night are in the restaurant/bar business. I had the Drink of Laughter and Forgetting which I loved because it is made from Cynar (mostly), Green Chartreuse, Lime Juice and Angostura bitter which are likely four of my favorite cocktail ingredients. I also had the Gunshop Fizz which is a Peychaud (2 oz) cocktail with strawberry, cucumber and soda. Very pretty and good. Also tasted the 1000 Blue Eyes which was delightful. Such a pretty drink. French vermouth (mainly, Tanqueray Gin, Lemon, and Orange Flower Water. Great cocktails!Food was lovely and drinks excellent. Unfortunately it was FREEZING. My two friends and I literally were SHIVERING, asked that the temp be turned up and as it remained glacial we left as soon as we could because it was so cold. Really a shame; love the drinks but having to wear a snowsuit to a bar isn't cute.Cure is just great and judging by the crowd it is no secret that it's open. The Ambiance is stark but not plain Jane. Nice banquets, high barstools,and cool old school light bulbs over the bar. Cure is all about the cocktail, wine and beer are secondary. It is nice to see a mortar and pedstle in use, lemons and limes squeezed for the drink not for the night.. There is a serious commitment to the Art of the Cocktail here.
I only was able to enjoy one appetizer chopped duck liver marinated in red wine on crostini.  Great flavor and good size portion and like everything else
at Cure it was reasonably priced. Overall it was a great experience and I look forward to returning with some friends to enjoy several apps. and some paired cocktails.My favorite wine bar in New Orleans. Thursday is 40% off of wine bottles which attracts me and my friends to come in almost every week. The interior is very chic and the outdoor patio is extremely pleasant. The menu is also delicious - can't go wrong!Great cocktails, but they know it and will make you pay dearly for them. If you manage to catch them at happy hour, however, there are some reasonably priced optionsI may be crucified for this but, deep breath, here goes...
It is OK to be surly to your customers if they are a.) your friends, b.) being surly themselves or c.) you work in a dive bar. But when i took my brother to Cure because he has a strong interest in craft cocktails, and I ordered said craft cocktail, the bartender literally rolled his eyes and while mixing it up, told a group right next to me that this was the least favorite drink of his to make. Loud enough so I could hear. I ignored it, thanked him when he set it in front of me, and ordered wine the next round. 
Sorry, Mr. Expensive Hipster Opticals, that I asked for the Rum Cha Yen,
But worse was that Mr. EHO corrected my brother when he ordered the beer and a shot special as a sazerac rye and beer. We are going to argue semantics now?? He warmed up to us on a discussion of Death's Door liquors, but I was rankled.
Cure is a lovely bar in a beautifully restored building in a neighborhood I hope grows and thrives in the near future. But I will take myself and friends to Bar Tonique from now on, because this was not the first, but certainly is the last, time I pay up the wazoo for attitude with my fancypants drink.Congrats Cure on wining James Bears Award for best bar program! That itself says a lot. This place is just hands down amazing. I feel in love with it the moment I walked in, the ambiance is very sophisticated but yet payed back. Every cocktail I have had was amazing and left me wanting to try more! Go to Cure! If you haven't been you are truly missing yours on something spectacular.WOW ... Discrete little bar in a beautifully restored old fire station in the up and coming section of Freret.  The bar tenders are masters of there craft ... Literally tell them what sort of liquor / flavor you are looking for and they magically create something beyond what you could ever expect.
I drank gin, and had two special cocktails which both included fresh muddled mint ... My husband had pimm cocktails with tequila ... Quite a take on the traditional.  
Very cool spot, lots of really cool locals ... Shout out to Patrick who told us all about the place and sang it's praises.  
Worth spending time here!Maybe three stars is a little harsh, but it's been my experience that they're hardly hurting for business.  On the weekends, it's sort of a 30-something "place to be," with the crowds that go along with that. If that's not your style, go on a weekday evening.
The bartenders are great, the space hits that elevated but not presumptuous tone, and the bar food is not "bar food."   So what's the problem? 
Well.... the house drinks kind of suck, in my opinion.  This would not be a huge problem, as standard drinks are great, but this is a "cocktail place." With assistance from dining companions, I had the run of the menu a few months ago (maybe it has changed).  Each one was like a supergroup band that should be brilliant on paper but comes out with something distinctly listenable, but not revelatory. 
Champagne and Bourbon? How crazy! Except it turns out there's a reason you haven't had it. It's not bad, but it's just not as good as either champagne or bourbon by itself, at least this time.
The problem is I love the idea of this place. It tempts me, sitting there in its surreal and optimistic location on Freret. But I think I've learned my lesson.5 stars to this amazing cocktail bar. A James Beard award winner for Best Bar Program is well deserved!! I loved the King of Spain cocktail. Fall inspired and delicious. A must to check out in NO!Pretty sure this is my favorite spot in New Orleans. It reminds me a lot of my favorite bar back home. Drinks are on point, staff's excellent and extremely knowledgable, and they have an excellent rotation of music. Haven't tried anything on the food menu, yet.I had been to Cure once before, but since I'm not usually a cocktail drinker, I wasn't impressed.  I went on a Saturday, the place was packed and just seemed like an overpriced meet market.  I was determined to give this place another shot, and boy, am I glad I did!
When I decided to visit Cure again, I was with some friends.  We went early on a Friday evening and we decided to eat there.  I just thought they had little munchies, but they have full on dinner!  
I got the short rib debris sandwich that was SO good I actually wrote down the name of it!  It was warm meat served on toast with a thin layer of cheese.  It almost reminded me of an upscale version of the pot roast sandwich from IHOP.  Yeah, I know that's a stretch, but that was really what it brought to mind for me.  Long story short, it was AWESOME!  If you are a fan of meat, as I am, then you have to try it!
For my cocktail, I had a margarita, which was really good and smooth.  It was definitely an "A" list margarita.
If you are looking to beat the crowds, be sure to go a little earlier (before 10).  We went around 8ish and it wasn't bad at all.
I can't wait to go back and get that sandwich or maybe the "breakfast" sandwich, with egg and ham, that they have.  Mmm...One of the best places for drinks in NOLA, good small plates. Great place and great service, plus cute mixologists.I like coming to this place and try to go every now and then.  The mixed drinks are very delicious and worth the price.  There's a pear drink that I had that I can't remember the name of but that I always like.  The atmosphere is very laid back yet upscale.I've always wanted to grab drinks here. Finally went with a friend the other night. As you walk in the decor is very nice! My friend and I decided to sit outside the patio area. The waitstaff was very helpful and the small plates were excellent paired with any drink on the menu. Overall great place, good atmosphere, will return.Reminds me of a contemporary twist on an 1890's gentlemen's tavern - very cool ambiance.  I love this place, and I took my husband here because they make his kind of drinks -  manly cocktails.  If you're looking for a serious drink, this is a great place to go.  Of course with that, the drinks aren't cheap.  This is not where you're gonna get a $1 PBR.  This is where you're going to get a fancy, delectable cocktail with ingredients that you've never heard of.  They do have some selections for the sweet tooth drinker as well; just ask for their recommendation.  They have small plates, but don't expect to get food as fast as you get drinks; it takes a little while.Better when it's not packed.  Bartenders can work magic.  Great for date night or a night out with the girls.  Chocolate cake is delicious.They make a fine cocktail at Cure.  And trust the bartender's recommendations. $6 classic cocktails at happy hour are a STEAL.  I only wish we had come here every day of our vacation. We are not hipsters, and while that was definitely a vibe, we still felt very welcome.It doesn't take much at all for a "mixologist" to transform into "just a pretentious bartender." Look, I live in New Orleans, and in the sweltering summer I love a well-mixed gin & tonic with fresh lime, and I'm not ashamed of that in the slightest. Maybe it's not the most chic cocktail on the menu, and I understand that you don't need a master's in mixology to make it happen, but it's a grown man's drink with a long history of its own. In fact, if the new transplant hipsters hanging around Freret St. drank more of them, they might actually grow some hair on their chests instead of just peach fuzz dapper dan moustaches. The "mixologist" who served me here recently, however, was just short of rolling his eyes when I ordered one. 
My point is that the most important thing in the service industry is customer service. Sometimes, I really do want the bartender to offer interesting suggestions and educate me on some of the latest cocktail trends or classic aperatifs, but other times I just want a simple drink because that's exactly what I want. If I'm in the mood for the latter, is it too much to ask that a bartender politely make the drink I order, and make it as perfectly as possible? Or should I expect him to exhale with exasperation as if it's beneath him to mix such a simple drink, like I'm some uneducated nit-wit who's never been in a cocktail bar before? Most of this new breed of so-called "mixologists" are not bona fide sommeliers to start with, but then again a real sommelier would appreciate a nice glass of quality imported gin, homemade tonic water and fresh lime.
And really, is a bar that you have to scale like a rock climber just to get a particular bottle really the best design? That said, I've had some good times here, even watching a game or two on the patio, and overall they mix a good cocktail, so I can't knock it entirely.I researched Cure before I came NOLA and was eagerly awaiting their cocktails! I am so happy we came here, it was the highlight of my trip. Not only were the 7 or so cocktails I had absolute perfection... The food was incredible too. The bartenders were wonderful and gave great recommendations and a little history lesson too. My favorite things were the bacon wrapped dates and the PUNCH!!!! If you have a chance to visit this lovely city, grab a can and come see this beautiful bar and get a yummy cocktails.... For the vapid and shallow: the bartenders and cook were hot!Amazing drinks!!!! Amazing vibe... no drunk tourists; just a classy bar with the cool weekend crowd of NOLA locals. It's a must for most of my weekends by now.I really liked this place... It's very modern & the drink choices are very good too! Nice spot to definitely relax & unwind.Stopped by here one slow Wednesday night.  Had never heard of the place before, was not expecting too much.  It's kind of situated in an unassuming part of town on Ferret - that's supposed to be soon booming.  
I had one of the wines (I think?) and it was lovely, the selection wasn't the most sizable, but decent enough for the likes of me!  
We shared The Cure Salad - which was evidently vegan (photo above) and it was your typical, more sophisticated salad.  Nothing craaaazily creative or palate-wowing. A rather small amount of salad, as I assume it's meant as an appetizer, it was all freshly prepared.  The celery and fresh pears were a nice change of crunchiness and texture and the lemon vinaigrette was a really delicious acidic touch (I'm not a fan of thick creamy dressings - blah!). 
As the reviews before have stated, this place is remarkably NOT New Orleanesque.  It's a little more um, metropolitan-toned than your usual bars.  A little "classier" - dare I say?  You can certainly tell that the building used to house a fire department - I can appreciate the spacious open feeling of Cure - especially on this rather empty Wednesday night.
My companion was really pleased with the music selection being pumped into the bar - East Coast, more contemporary music to complete the pseudo escape from New Orleans.  
We weren't here only briefly so I can't completely accurately gauge whether I'd consider this a place a "must" for my friends and tourists.  But it was pretty all right!  I'd be willing to stop by here again.Not sure why this is only our first visit here but it was. Don't think it'll be our last though. First things first, it's a beautiful space. Lots of wood, low-key lighting and....I'd very much like to live in a place that looks and feels like this. Indoors was super loud so we headed out to the patio at the back, the stupid heat was preferable. There may have been fans out there, I honestly can't remember but if they did have fans, they didn't have great coverage because it was hot with no relief. To their credit, they do give each table a bottle of icy cold water (and glasses) which is welcome but unfortunately, it just doesn't stay cold very long. I guess that's just a hazard of living here! 
We only went for drinks and their menu is good with lots of choice. A mix of the classics that'll run you about $10 and some more adventurous choices for $12ish. Round one we went for a Banana Stand and a Point Omega. Both $10 and both good, without being standout. I found the after-taste of plum from mine to be a bit overwhelming, it lingered a little bit too long. Herself expected the Banana Stand to be something closer to a daiquiri but it wasn't at all. It's much lighter with quite mild banana flavor.
As we looked at the menu for round 2, we were very tempted by the cheese and apps. Cheese is a choice of 3 for $18 or 5 for $25 and some of the apps sound quite interesting too. As you enter the bar, you can see some cloches holding cheese. It's a pretty mouthwatering display but in the end, we stuck to drinks. I went for a Moscow Mule and herself went for a Dirty Martini. Both solid drinks. I like my Mules to have a good kick of ginger and this one definitely had that but the drink itself was served in a regular glass, not a copper mug so the ice melted much quicker and it got up to room temperature pretty quickly. Slightly disappointing given the good flavor. The Martini was probably the best drink of the night...standard, but nice and dirty!
On the night we were there, there were quite a few larger groups in and they did get more attention from servers. We were slightly neglected when it came to ordering the second round and then paying the bill. Hopefully that's the exception rather than the rule. Overall, 4 decent cocktails for $50 incl tip doesn't seem like a bad deal. I don't think we'll become frequent visitors but it's definitely now in the rotation.After a stop at Company Burger around the corner, we walked over to Cure for drinks. It was a good decision.
Best Rum Old Fashioned I've had stateside. Totally the kind of place you can chat with the bartender about what you're into and let them run wild.I guess I enjoy the concept of Cure...
" Inspired by the historical period when cocktails grew out of medicine and home remedies, our idea at Cure is to reintroduce our guests to another time where the experience of having a cocktail and a bite to eat was both healthful and enjoyable"
So I am drinking cocktails that are going to make me healthy?! I definitely would have a healthy drink!
I have able to sample:
Omi's Hands ($10)
- Averell Damson Gin . Clear Creek Blue Plum Brandy . Lemon . Peychaud's Bitters . Sparkling Wine
Ramos Gin Fizz ($13)
Midnight Perfect World ($11)
- Nardini Tagliatella Liqueur . Evan Williams Single Barrel Bourbon . Cocchi Vermouth di Torino . House-made peach syrup . Bittermen's Mole Bitters
Magic Tree ($10)
- Homericon Mastiha Liqueur . Suze . Royal Dock Navy Strength Gin . Lime . Cucumber . Bittermens Cucumber Bitters
All the cocktails at Cure, at least the one I tried were well balanced and delicious. Something to sip slowly to enjoy over good conservation with friends or romancing your special someone!Definite must do while in Nola!  Loved this Bar.  Drinks were very good.  Atmosphere was so nice loved it.  We actually visited twice during our weekend.  Ordered smoked trout and pimento cheese for our apps.  Best pimento cheese I have ever had!  Seating was comfy and they have a nice happy hour from 4-7 I think daily.Nice atmosphere, kind of rude bartenders and by comparison to the signature drinks at other cities' swank bars these are kinda nasty.  Of course you would also pay at least $5 more a drink in most cities.  So, drink up!Absolutely adore Cure!  I came here during happy hour for their $5.50 selected cocktails and a meat and cheese plate.  I love Pimm's Cups and they definitely make theirs well.  Their Riesling is also a winner in my books.  The meat and cheese plate comes with 3 different selections of meats and cheeses and some nuts and slices of apples on the side.  Thoroughly enjoyed every bite!
Cure is a great place to lounge around with friends after a long day at work.  It offers a  great ambiance with just the right amount of intimacy.Dropped in for Happy Hour; 
M-Th 5-7 Fri-Sun 3-7
Yes! Weekend Happy Hour!!!
Cool vibe and decor. I especially like the look when nightfall hits. Hey, I love candles.
This visit I stuck to the Happy Hour menu and  tried out a few of their classic cocktails. I had my 1st Sazerac and it was just my speed. Definitely won't be my last. There's a daily punch my server recommended. Why not?? It was very fresh and crisp, a little sweet, a little tangy. It made me think sunsets in spring on the balcony. Lastly tried their version of a daiquiri. My servers favorite. Nice cocktail to start your night with if you're out with the ladies.
Service was ok. My server was cool but, the guy that busses the tables kept trying to take my drinks before I was finished. It was aggravating to say the least. I even tried setting them at the other end of the table when I was done to alleviate the guessing. Nope didn't work, he would still try to take the one in front of me because to him it "looked empty." There wasn't a huge crowd in there and I was posted in a corner seat so it was unnecessary. It would have been either way!  That's just ridiculous. Makes one second guess returning but, I think I'll give them another shot I want to try a few of their specialty cocktails next.If there's a better bar in New Orleans, it's hiding under a rock or a password protected door in the Bywater. Bartenders devoted to their craft 
/hospitality and nary a ironically waxed mustache among them, support staff that is attentive but not hovering, and a menu that salutes the classics while  being creative and inventive. 
I've had a few nights here & and I'm not sure if maybe the negative reviews were in a different joint than me. 
In a word, go! In a few more, tip well & let the staff take care of you.Went here with a group for a pre-dinner cocktail right when it opened. We had the patio almost to ourselves, and it was really relaxing to hang out outside and enjoy the weather. The cocktail special was such a steal--certain ones were $6--and we enjoyed the chips and pimento cheese. The service was also great, and I would highly recommend checking Cure out if you're interested in trying something off the beaten path.Great Ambiance and service.  I usually go for happy hour which is 5-7.  During that time drinks off the happy hour menu are 6$.  Also for happy hour they run shot and beer specials for $5.5.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention the nice courtyard.  Highly recommended!I heard some negative things about Cure, so I stayed away for a long time. The chief complaint leveled against this upmarket Freret Street cocktail bar was that it was stuffy or pretentious. When I finally visited, I did not find it pretentious at all. What I did find was a nice bar with a large selection of liquor, a small menu of fancy signature handcrafted cocktails priced from $9-12, an even smaller menu of super-deluxe cocktails featuring liquors of rare vintage (~$18-30), and some small plates. The bar is lit and decorated in a tasteful, contemporary style; aside from the inclusion of a giant poster of a cockroach reproduced from an entomological textbook, nothing about the decor of Cure is terribly distracting. 
The cocktails are excellent...more of that advanced mixology and alcohol alchemy that is quickly becoming a NOLA fixture (think Tonique, Arnaud's French 75, etc.). A large assortment of tinctures, extracts, essential oils and house-made bitters contained in what look like vintage medicine bottles sits on the bar, ready to be utilized by your well-dressed mixologist, who uses a long eyedropper to make sure the perfect amount of each and every flavor note goes into the symphony that is your cocktail. You can certainly taste the obsessive amount of attention that goes into Cure's signature cocktails.
The clientele seems like a good mix of young professionals and aging hipsters. There is an outdoor patio for smoking, which is not permitted inside the bar. The lighting is moody and atmospheric. I'm not sure why people think this bar is uninviting and pretentious. I felt very welcome, and I will be back.I ain't a big fan of alcohol and mixed drinks. If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do right with sipping tequila and lemon on the side. But I can say without a doubt that Cure provided me with the best variety of tequila mixed drinks I've ever had, though my bar knowledge is not top notch.  Every mixture was smooth and just right. I went around happy hour, which leads me to conclude that's why all the young college kids were there drinking beer (really?! You come all the way to Cure for beer?) I suspect all the real people with a paycheck come when they feel like it.  The waitresses and bartenders seemed nice and weren't as self important as I assumed they'd be since Cure appears ultra chic. Plus the small plates were the shit! A pleasant surprise indeed.  However, they get four stars cuz some of da people up in deya suck. The clientele, some of dem are snobby and I guess the environment makes them feel like they're in a New York VIP. If they were, they surely would be standing outside in the cold haggling the bouncer to let em in. All a that's not Cure's fault, but still.Cure is the epitome of Hipster bar. Logo is a cockroach and the ambince has classy music, wood, concrete, candles, beards and man buns: the drinks are as good as they are pricey, go during happy hour. Its a very chill local place, not too dressy. Indoor patio bar. Very strict on 21 and over they card at the door. Good thing Novio and I appear to be functioning adults.Great atmosphere!! Extensive drink selection and very reasonably priced. If its nice out I highly suggest sitting in the courtyard if possible. The pimento cheese is Awesome!!Cure is far from what I would consider a "New Orleans" bar. In a city littered with dive bars and touristy watering holes, Cure is a beacon of light. This is not to say that I don't love the other options as well, but sitting down at Cure is a real treat!
Hidden in something of a quiet neighborhood, stepping through Cure's unassuming entrance transports you in to a place that is somewhat better suited to be in New York or LA.
That being said...I'm very glad it is here! The interior is warm with filament light bulbs and supple leather. Behind the bar is a towering wall of alcohol used to concoct the amazing cocktails that has put Cure on the map.
The menu at Cure changes seasonally, but the extremely talented bartenders or "mixologists" can make just about anything. 
I have been there a number of times now and it has really become one of my favorite bars in New Orleans, purely for its quality. The drinks can take a little while, as a lot of detail and concentration goes in to their construction, but its very much worth the wait.
The weekends can be very busy there, so if you are a person that likes to pick the knowledgeable bartender's brains about drinks and cocktail philosophy... try a weeknight.
The food is also a pleasant surprise.Cure was our other favorite cocktail bar in Nola. The bar itself was crowded, but we wandered outside and had the luck to score a table within a few minutes. We then spent the next 3 hours relaxing in the wonderful night air and drinking enthusiastically. I think we had 4 rounds of cocktails (and 2 excellent waitresses), and every single drink was fantastic. Complex, balanced, delicious. Totally on-par with anything you'd find in San Francisco. We loved it.One thing that I immediately noticed with I moved to New Orleans back in 2009, is that most of the bars here are dives! Total dives! And don't get me wrong, I LOVE little dive bars (Snake & Jakes anyone?) but, there are just some nights that I want to take my girlfriend out for a drink somewhere nice. And without going to a hotel bar, this is one of the only upscale stand alone bars I can think of in town. 
We have been to Cure twice now and I prefer the more quite nights a lot more than a busy Saturday night I like the more quite atmosphere, where you can talk to the bartender and the person you are with. They make a killer dirty martini! They use Kalamata olives and it makes the drink red and delicious! 
I also hear that they have a $5 happy hour from 5 -7, but don't know all the details.l0ve love love this place... ask for andrew, he's the man...I love the happy hour at Cure which features select cocktails for $6. I personally love the Pimm's Cup, but other New Orleans favorites - Sazerac and Manhattan- are also discounted. The lighting is low which creates a great ambiance, and the bartenders are awesome. You can request what you want, and they will whip you up a special cocktail.One of the best bars not only in the city but the country!
Space is slick and modern, bartenders are knowledgeable, friendly and professional. They have a variety of signature cocktails and just about every liquor known to man. 
I have to tips for when you visit:
1. Be adventurous, try something new 
2. Get there early because it gets packed! 
Their courtyard is pretty cool and a great place to chill during those breeze spring nights.FANTASTIC happy hour deals from 3-7pm! Classic cocktails for $6 - and I'm talking negroni, champagne cocktail, martini-style cocktails, not a watered down rum and coke or glass of house wine. This is the perfect place to start an evening. Grab a couple drinks and charcuterie plate, and enjoy them in the lush courtyard or the vintage industrial chic bar. The bar is visually stunning, and they can make nearly anything you can dream up with their vast liquor selection. A MUST if you're anywhere in NOLA.The best cocktails in New Orleans. The atmosphere is lovely and they have a great happy hour!An excellent place for happy hour specials and a relaxing atmosphere with well made cocktails by very good bartenders.We came on the recommendation of NOLA Eater. It's a tucked away bar in a developing neighborhood. There's nothing quirky attached to this, such as having to buy reservation tickets beforehand or a secret password. It's vibe is all about enjoying the moment. We sat outside during a warm early summer night. It was a bit too cold for us inside. I remember R ordering 2 different kinds of old fashioneds, the latter having a stronger liquor. I got the Bee's Knees (I believe). Really good. And then the soda-like one. The servers were nice and knowledgeable. Loved its large patio for basking in the warmth of the night sky and sipping on cold beverages.Cool vibe and very trendy. Kind of inside. Not very comfy seating. Would go back. Costs moneyCure has the most helpful, the most knowledgeable and the most talented bartenders of all the land! I can't say enough kind things about the staff at Cure. 
Also the drinks are outstanding! I usually just ask a bartender to create something for me after telling them what liquor I like and if I want it sweet or sour or whatever else. I have yet to be disappointed. 
This isn't a dive bar so expect to pay for your quality crafted cocktail. Oh, and 5 stars for being able to drink all night and leave with out smelling like an ashtray!Very cool setting and vibe.
Incredible selection of liquor!
Our waitress was very attentive.
Only complaint: very light pour on my Evan Wiliams single barrel.I've been to this bar twice lately and enjoyed it both times. The atmosphere is elegant. I like dive bars, but I also like to go to a classy place like this every once in a while.
The first night we got cocktails. They were expensive. I find it surprising to pay the same prices for drinks on Freret as I would pay at a high-end cocktail bar in the French Quarter, but such is the case here. They were good cocktails but not special enough to warrant quite such a steep price. The second night we went during happy hour, which made the experience a lot more affordable. 
What really impressed me about Cure was the food. We got truffled cauliflower and green pea pesto crostini. I don't even like green peas, but I thought it was absolutely delicious.
I don't know if Cure would draw me in as a regular if I lived in another part of town, but since I'm just a couple of blocks away, I'm sure they'll be seeing more of me, especially at happy hour.Late Friday night, during girlfriends/law school buddies reunion weekend, we decided to grab a couple of drinks here.  We were in a cocktail-y mood and keen on catching up on all sorts of nostalgic and more recently transpired notable experiences.  
I don't think too much has changed in terms of the interior layout and decor, all very charmingly tailored to the building's former life as a fire station.  The dimmer lights and catchy indie-music set a lovely mood for us to imbibe in our two or three cocktails.  I can't quite remember because our awesome bartender treated us to two delicious whiskey shots (I typically loathe whiskey, but I guess we got some quality stuff!).  My friend and I were you know, catching up because we hadn't had quality time in three years, venting about the males and professional frustrations.  Our ever-so-attentive bartender even humorously interjected a few times about his own frustrations with his wife.  He offered some other hilarious commentary on some other topics, but again, I can't quite remember precisely what it was pertaining to.  So we laughed and laughed and he promptly supplied us with our delicious cocktails and snacks.  I'm sure we spent an hour and a half at Cure, but I swear it felt like fifteen minutes just because we were having such a blast.  Isn't that always the way?  
Anyway, five stars well deserved.  This is a NOLA "must" for me from now on.Sometimes you just want to sit in a dump, have a beer or 10, and munch on fries covered in cheese, chilli, or some other heart-disease inducing "food" item. Other times you want to get all spiffy, act classy, and consume an adult beverage that contains more ingredients than are usually stocked in your fridge. Cure is for the latter, and it does it right.
This place is trendy and a bit swanky. On the Thursday night I was there, I think I may have been the only guy in there not wearing a suit. Which is fine by me. I had two specialty cocktails that were bourbon based, but I can't remember what they were called. One of them had honey in it, I think. Following those I switched to a standard vodka soda. 
Be prepared to spend a little extra for your drinks here, as most fall in the $8-10 range. It started to fill up around 9, but it was easy enough to find a seat at the bar when my date for the evening and I arrived at 7:30. 
I  will be back again the next time I feel like pretending to be classy.Beautiful decor.  Extremely extensive list, very knowledgable bartenders.  Wonderful service!4/5 like home
first, congrats on your gallivant feature: http://gallivant.com/sip/cure/
i love cure because it reminds me of home. yayyy areauhhhh! 504 can get on that 510 game. but forreals, love that they are serving up gin and have bitters on display and and and the list will go on. it's a big city bar that at happy hour will still meet nola prices, and i can be down for that.I need to update my review since I want to add it to my list of great places to get cheese. The cheese plate here is great, how can it not be considering the cheese comes from St. James Cheese Company. You get 3 different cheeses, and some fruit, nuts and toasted bread to go with it. It's the perfect food for sharing with a friend, even though I can eat it alone too. You can also get the meat and cheese plate which includes a couple of cured meats with the cheese.We just happened into Cure halfway through their happy hour, and they have a very good happy hour for a cocktail bar. $6 for a decent-sized list of classic cocktails, Monday-Friday, 5-7. Not too crowded on a Monday. I had my first New Orleans Sazerac here, and it was exquisite. No overbearing liquorice sweet taste. The Americano was the perfect refresher for the muggy mid-nineties weather, as well as the Pimm's Cup. They make a quite decent Manhattan as well (don't worry, I didn't drink all these cocktails by myself!). 
The experience was quite classy. The atmosphere is roomy and modern. The service was a bit hands-off, but probably not a bad thing for a place like this. My only regret was that there was no classic Old Fashioned on their happy hour list. Made me wish I lived here!I have heard rave reviews about the food and drinks here, but I was not so impressed. I thought the drinks were pretty good, but not better than Coquette, Bar Tonique, or Delachaise, and they are pricey.  The food is okay, but again, I think it's overpriced and very slow. The spiced almonds are absurd (I get the idea, but it doesn't deliver), and the slaw that came with the sandwiches was lukewarm, soggy, and tasteless.  The service is pretty pretentious, and I feel like Cure is only about 50% as cool as it claims to be.  I was there on a Friday evening and the crowd was older and pretty uptight. I might try it again sometime, but overall, nothing to write home about.  Music is definitely better at Delachaise or Bar Tonique.Where. Do. I. Begin.
Make the trip, plan ahead, and go. 
This bar is perhaps one of the most well-run establishments I have encountered.
The bartenders have perfected their craft. Their service staff is knowledgeable about every.single.drink on the menu and can make recommendations. Even the sweet bar back/servers assistant was a total gem.
We weren't suffocated here, and we weren't rushed in or out. We had  leisurely pre-dinner cocktails and a cheese board with a few other snacks which put us in a great place just before dinner back in the French Quarter.
It can get quite loud, so be aware of that. It is a better environment suited for 2-4 people. Based on seating as well, 6 people might be pushing it to get the entire experience that you want...and also deserve.We love their drinks. The portions are too expensive for the size. I'm not cheap - but you guys are stingy. We love your drinks though. Just eat before you go.I can't say anything here that hasn't already been said. The place is lovely, low-key, a little pretentious but not TOO pretentious, quite good food and the bartenders are knowledgeable and more than competent. Service was impeccable. And now I know where all the hot guys in New Orleans go for drinks, so you can bet I'll be going back to Cure. My only issue with the place is that they had no coffee, but I kinda get why they wouldn't (although I think they're missing some tricks by not including coffee-based cocktails on their menu).Absolutely amazing!  Well worth the cab fare to get to this upscale cocktail bar.  I recommend ordering the classic NOLA cocktails (Sazerac, Ramos Gin Fizz, Vieux Carre) here and comparing to the bars in the FQ.If you are looking for a bar carries great variety of whisky and scotch, this is definitely a place for you. Also, bartenders are truly mixologists here.  They are very professional and handle each drink delicately. When I was there, they were out of my usual whisky so they were very nice and patient to explain other options that I may like.
However, if you would like to just go to a casual place to hang out with friends, which I like, this may not be a good choice for you.Wow... I have my favorite drink, I have had it perfect and I've had horribles. I have had versions of it but a VERSION to remember and to change my drink only at Cure. You may not call them bartenders, these guys are professional mixologists, no doubt.
Food was good, among things we had a tableau with three cheeses (extremely small, way too small) the little decorating salad with the duck pate was superbe , but Cure is in principle too tight with the crackers, so we had to request second serving of crackers...and I would have ask for more if it wasn't for the extreme cold a/c that they run there that was killing us.I was tipped off to this place through a friend of mine from St. Louis (I understand the place is either owned/run by St. Louisans) as a place to try..given my proclivity towards well crafted cocktails. I had the pleasure of visiting this spot over Thanksgiving was definitely wow'd by the decor...the displays of liquor bottles, the cozy booths, the dim lighting and contribute to the chill, yet upscale vibe of Cure.
The cocktails were excellent - unexpected combinations of concoctions that manage to please the taste buds. 
Cure will definitely be my go-to spot the next time I'm in NO!LOVE this bar for a late-night gathering. The mixed drinks are good and it has a great environment. It is really nice inside and the outside area as well.This is an update for Cure. I think my first trip was so great due to the wine I had before stopping in. Don't get me wrong, Cure is an experience. It is very cool if you want a high quality drink and are willing to pay a little bit more. I think that their drinks are reasonable for the quality. I would recommend going during happy hour though to get a better deal. Also the atmosphere on a Wednesday night is much different than late on a Saturday night. I didn't realize how much space there was before!It is no easy task to become rated the #1 bar (out of 50) by local publication Gambit in the short year and half of being open - paired with the fact that Cure does not advertise in Gambit.  But then Cure does everything right.  I've read the other reviews and blah blah blah; you don't know.  
Don't ding the bar because your cab ride was $16.  Don't ding the bar because you cannot follow a simple dress code; it's detailed on their website, and if you're yelping on yelp pretty sure you know how to find the Cure homepage.  And don't ding the bar because you want schmancy patio furniture; if you wanna smoke (which you did) you go outside where yes it's sterile but maybe you missed the whole "less is more" here?  Perhaps you may've noticed there isn't a street sign indicating exactly where Cure is?  Again, less is more.
When you enjoy whatever your poison here, it's difficult to remember you're even in New Orleans - in a good way.  I love New Orleans.  I wasn't born and raised here but I've lived here over 15 years.  So when I say, there's no Saints or LSU memoribilia about, no brass bands blasting over, and not even a whisper of a fleur de lis, it's actually somewhat refreshing.  But then there's the booze and service.
I have high expectations for an establishment's goods and services, and Cure consistently delivers on each.  The waitstaff is well presented and way too knowledgable.  Prompt and precise without pushy or negligent.  Ordering off menu is acceptable.  They offer something for everyone really without pushing a Bible of items before you like say Cheesecake Factory.  Different days of the week of course take on a different feel.  Fridays and Saturdays hop; I prefer the less traversed weekday evenings actually.
In short, if you live in New Orleans and you have yet to Cure, do; you will be impressed.  And if you live elsewhere be ready to discover yet another reason why you may want to seriously consider moving here.awesome place for a fun time and good drinksGreat bar. Great vibe. Great drinks. Can't go wrong here.  Of all the bars I've been to this one does it right. Very classyA select happy hour menu with both cocktails and small bites. Their patio is spacious! Always great service.Other bars have a thing or two to learn from Cure. 
First, the bar is well-appointed, inside and out. My favorite part happens to be the ceilings and lighting. 
Also, the drinks are beyond well-thought out and made with fresh  ingredients. I've only gotten food once, but it (the cheese plate) was certainly yummy. Specialty cocktails are the focus, so ordering a vodka soda or a Stella won't give you the full experience. (They do offer beer and wine nonetheless.) Please don't be "that guy" who told me they make an awesome gin and tonic.
This will definitely be one of my regular spots!Cure isn't just one of my favorite bars in New Orleans; it's one of my favorite bars anywhere.  
The food is decent and the atmosphere is welcoming, but the real star is the liquor.  The bartenders here are creative, dedicated, trained, and attentive; anyone who finds this place snobby or pretentious obviously doesn't have any interest in inventive and careful approaches to drinking and might want to visit one of the innumerable swill dispensers in the French Quarter.  Cure takes a personalized and clever approach to their cocktails, making drinks that are tailored perfectly to your moods and desires, whether you're looking for a unique and unprecedented tipple or just want to get your drink on in a new and interesting way.  I've had drinks here I'll never be able to recreate, and that I'll remember forever.
Cure's approach isn't unique anymore, but it's been doing this longer than most and is better at it than almost anyone.  Just try it and you'll be convinced.The staff is very knowledgeable and nice. The cocktails are just to die for. This is one of the best cocktail bars I have been to. Atmosphere alone would get 5 stars from me.After a big meal at Mr. Johns, a group of us were looking for a good place to wind down the night with a drink or two. The Cure came recommended from a local and I second his recommendation. 
Why the Cure? Drinks (Moscow Mule treated me well and the menu had quite a few options), atmosphere (the outside patio is recommended), and the wait staff (the waitress we had was on the spot and help my order challenged crew to make some good choices).The staff is not my favorite here-- I've been many times and can always sense a major difference in the service I receive based on what shoes I'm wearing or purse I'm carrying which is pretty snobbish and over the top. 
However, the place is very aesthetically pleasing and they have cocktails down to an art. Some are a little pricier than other bars in the city. The food is generally good-- the pimiento cheese is the best I've ever had. 
Basically, don't go wearing a dress from Target, be prepared to spend a hefty chunk of change, and enjoy a bar featured in American Horror Story. 
Get that pimiento cheese!I have bartended for 8 years now, and I am still blown away by the concoctions that these masters of their craft come up with and serve. The small plates are all delicious, the atmosphere is chill as can be, and the drinks will astonish you. They do not have bartenders here: they have mixologists who take pride in and are passionate about their work. 100/5 starsBars these days man. I miss the good ole days in this town. Days when bartenders drank whiskey, smoked cigarettes, and knew a little something about the horses that day. Days when a bar had a jukebox and a pool table, like they knew that drinking was about people, be it getting away from 'em or being with 'em.
Now? Now bars so damn complicated it takes a fancy, like from Too-lane fancy, degree to understand the damned menu. Bartenders too busy to pop me a beer cause they counting drops from a perfume bottle like you get at the gas station. So many of these things, ain't nowhere on the bar to put your drink, too much fruit and sugar and bottles and stupid looking spoons. $4 damn highlife when I can get a shot of whiskey on top for $5 at this joint I know downtown.
This bar pretends like its about drinking. Liquor all the way up to the ceiling, all around the bar and in cabinets. People drinking from little glasses and bottles of $4 highlife as far as the eye can see. Big menu full of big words I can't pronounce and don't know how to say, but i understand be some kind of alcohol, sometimes from another country like the kind that the President would visit and it'd be on the news.
But it ain't. It ain't 'bout drinking, cause if it was 'bout drinking, I wouldn't have walked out more sober than I walked in. And if it was about drinking I woulda been spared that first row seat to *that* humanity, *that* 91st percentile, just high enough to get my attention, and just low enough to be utterly boring, vapid, animatronic.
Pretty girls though, pretty enough that a guy like me wouldn't know what to do with 'em. And fancy, like coming here make me think I ain't in New Orleans no more, like I'm in New York, or LA or Vegas.
Maybe not for me, but I get it. Me I usually just want to forget for a while, and only sometimes remember. But for them, for those people in there, where things be good enough that they can consider what country their drink came from, for them this place like its own escape, one to forget the indentured banality of their lives, where they get to be in charge, be the boss, and no not-smoking, not-whiskey-drinking bartender gonna tell 'em no. Kinda place where they all feeling the same way, like where their head tell 'em they've made it, that they be *somebody*, but where in their heart they know they second rate, second rate enough to seek validation in this den of "we drink better than you cause we are better than you," like they even needed it.We arrived on a casual Monday evening, and was welcomed by Hannah. We were ready to enjoy some fabulous cocktails, Hannah gave us a brief walk through of the bar and patio and stayed close to us throughout the rest of the evening. The summer cocktail menu was impressive, I highly recommend the Susudara cocktail and the Strawberry Rhubarb cocktail! Very refreshing sitting outside on the beautiful patio. The service and quality were excellent and we cannot wait to return!!Love Cure! One of my favorite places to go, not only are the drinks top notch, but food is super yummy (love the cheese plate), the seating is comfy if you can get a booth, the lighting is nice, and the music is great although it can get too loud at times which I can excuse because everything else is great. Oh and it's non smoking!! Of course there are always sour-puss people who like to complain, they must have gone on busy nights or something. The cocktails take a while to come out because they are making sure that they are perfect and who would expect anything other than tap water if its free, they aren't going to give away evian in those cool glass bottles. I love how the waitresses have a good time while they are working, makes my night even better! I highly recommend Cure.Several of us tried to go to Cure tonight for a late night bite and cocktail. We were stunned to be stopped at the door by a tool-ish-looking guy in a short sleeve button up and tie who told us that there is a "gentleman's dress code" in the evenings - no shorts or sandals of any kind allowed. I'm sorry - did Freret Street move to Manhattan? Almost ANY establishment in the summertime in New Orleans permits nice shorts and sandals. It's not like anyone was wearing ripped cut-offs and flip flops. Seems like Cure's gotten far too big for its britches and its pitiful attempt to mimic a trendy NYC cocktail bar falls flat. Service has always been terrible there anyway and we only went on occasion because it is close to home and serves decent food later than most other places.They can keep their overpriced kitchy cocktails and snotty attitude. We won't be going back.Located away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street is a classy bar and one of my favorites in the city.  The bartenders here know their stuff and you can get any number of fancy cocktails poured for you.
Know they specialize in dark liquors so whiskey and scotch are king and the drink menu clearly shows that.
We were lucky enough to get a table outside on the ever so cool patio.  The service was quick, and the drinks delicious.
I chuckled a little at the restrooms as they are sort of in the next building . . .made me feel like I was going in the wrong place but they bathrooms are as clean and modern as the rest of this place.
Next time I'm in town, I am definitely going to stop back in here.  Want to try some of that food I saw going by!I have been to Cure 4 times now and each time it scratches a cocktail itch that other places (minus Bar Tonique) just can't. The cocktails are incredibly creative and unique. If you like a good bourbon and coke, mojito, or the like -- go elsewhere. This would be like ordering a burger at a Michelin starred restaurant. They can make it but why bother? The cocktail masters at Cure create unique concepts that are incredibly balanced and a true delight to sip upon. Check out their menu of cocktails and food and you will be delighted. Cocktails are bold yet balanced. I would go so far as to call their creators artists instead of mere bartenders since they are so polished in their craft. 
The space is beautiful and it's important to point out that they were one of the first big investments in this neighborhood's resurgence. They went bold and let their designer show their inspiration.Great gin martini. After having a three cheese plate, all the cheese I normally eat now tastes like shit. Loud music, not for whisperers.Recently revisited this bar and I forgot how much I like this place! Reminds me of Restoration Hardware ambiance a lot. Leather couches, industrial fixture, great low light with candles everywhere. It is a bar to stop by when you just need and want that fancy and classy night. They do have a happy hour (I believe it ends before 6) but most of their cocktails run about $10ish. I had Bramble and another one that had Apricot liquor in it but I enjoyed both of them very much. It definitely was not some cocktails from usual bars where the bartenders disguise alcohol by adding sugary stuff. Come hang out with your friends, co-workers, dates, or even your parents. Suitable for people who want to enjoy the nice ambiance and great drinks in rather a chill environment.
P.s: their cocktails are... masterpieces.Tried the happy hour appetizer trio - all are really good - really enjoyed the olives, if u were to choose. I might have had one of the best margaritas of my life here...Tommy's margarita. Also really enjoyed the Moscow mule - real ginger is used and it is amazing.Picture an episode of Sprockets on SNL. Then make them into bartenders. That's Cure. 
You don't have to be a hipster or some trendy guy, I'm certainly not either of those, to enjoy this place. You can come here and enjoy some of the most expertly crafted cocktails I have ever had (and i've had a LOT). I'm just a goofy engineer that loves good food and great drinks. They welcomed me to the bar with open arms and made the some of best drinks i've ever had.
Their Bourbon list is staggering. They have some of the highest end Bourbons you can find in the country! Seriously!!  Right here in little ol NOLA. I thought it was odd too. But if you're going to be a bear, be a Grizzly!!! 
I will say that this is THE ONLY PLACE that has ever made me a PROPER Ramos Gin Fizz... AND A Sloe Gin Fizz in the same night. And they didn't bat a freakin eye. Just whipped it up on a record 10 minutes. What? 10 min? For a drink? Yeah... That's how much they care about making bad ass drinks. They pay attention to the Timeless cocktails, not the Timely cocktails. They aren't quickly moving from fad drink to the next. They know the good old drinks, but can make up a stupid new drink if you want it.
Best bar in the USA?  I think it's a candidate!!Really rude and unfriendly staff!! Overpriced and snobby place. They don't even allow dogs on their outdoor patio-- very strange!!I adore this place!  The staff, the room, the DRINKS, the food... all top-notch.  Nick and Bernice (I think) take brilliant care of me and I am grateful!!!Aesthetically, it is an attractive bar. An almost unnoticeably plain exterior (the first time we drove past it) opens into a handsomely-designed, high-ceiling interior, boasting both a refined yet cozy atmosphere.  
What about the cocktails? Do you wish to try some interesting "mixology"? Do you actually enjoy partaking in the flavor of fine alcohol? Then look no further you have stepped into the perfect saloon. If however, you are a connoisseur of artificially flavored, sugary concoctions which bare little semblance to refined alcohol... leave, immediately, do not pass go, do not collect excellent taste, head for Bourbon Street.  
I can't speak to the food as we only had drinks. We tried several drink menu selections, all of which were quite interesting. I suggest visiting at happy hour when the 'craft cocktails' are less pricy - venture out and try a few.  
The crowd seemed a bit 'clannish'. Haughty as opposed to hipster. This may not be the friendliest bar, and the regular patrons may not welcome 'outsiders', but if you are looking for a cozy, stylish joint to share a cocktail with your own much friendlier classier crew.... head on over to Cure.Many pundits call Drink, in Boston, the best cocktail bar in the U.S. -- my office is around the corner from Drink, and while it's good, Cure is far superior. that said, Cure is for cocktail people -- don't go if you want cheap drinks or fast service. go if you want to experience artisanal ingredients concocted with care. it's not pretentious if you appreciate the ingredients. best Aviation I've ever had.Love the ambience and interior. They serve very unique cocktails. It was decently packed on a Friday night and not too crowded. I had the Rum Cha-Yen which is a very Thai Tea-esque drink - LOVED IT. This is my new favorite bar!Legit cocktails in New Orleans. Cool vibe, friendly bartenders, and really great drinks.This place was really good! The setting was nice and romantic, dark, but not too dark. The cocktails were a little bit pricey, but you get what you pay for, the Ghost Dance I had was amazing, and she really enjoyed her Epistrophy Collins.
The crostinis... yes, the crostinis. I'd never imagine in my wildest dreams that duck pate would go well with pop rocks, but it was amazing. Nor would I think that apples, nutella, and caramelized onion would be great. Nor would I think... well, you get the picture.
Strict dress code? Not really, but yeah, guys should throw on some nice pants and a collared shirt. It won't kill ya.Such a cool bar! The bartenders were amazing and gave a great selection of cocktails not featured in the menu as well. Definitely recommend this place.Really cool bar I didn't expect to find in New Orleans.  In fact, it reminded me a lot of the bar, The Alembic in San Francisco, from how seriously they take making their cocktails.  You know they mean business when the bartenders wear aprons and measure their shots out carefully.  Don't be a douche ordering vodka tonic here, please.  A local suggested that I check out the patio, unfortunately that was the day that it had rained 10 inches per hour, so the patio was out of the question.  Minus one star for it being about a $16 cab ride away from my hotel near the convention center and didn't really have any other bars nearby within walking distance. I had a really yummy, incredibly strong cocktail with orange bitters, bourbon and some other stuff.  I think it was called the howitzer or something like that.  Which I have now looked up found out is this piece of fierce looking artillery.  Explains how the rest of the night unfolded.Worth the search! I don't know about tomorrow but as of today, CURE is the best mixology bar in NO.Took quite a long time to print out receipt when we had a show across the street, but aside from that, everyone was lovely and the food was great with decent pricesAlmost fifteen years ago, I discoverred the Pegu Club in NYC, then PDT, Drink in Boston, and other top-notch craft cocktail bars. Over the years, as the craft cocktail scene has picked up, a lot of these places become too trendy, too hipster, and too complacent. I feared for the worst on a jazzfest weekend, waiting until 8:30 on Sunday, but my fears were unfounded.
Myself and six others arrived and found a private corner table with comfortable leather couches. The waitrees was as professional as the bartender, pleasantly welcoming us and giving us menus, and knowing just when to give us time or step forward to answer questions. She knew the menu and understood how the ingredients worked, letting us know what the base spirit was in a few nondiscript drinks and how the other ingredients worked together. 
The drinks were outstanding, which should come as no surprise at this point. Well made and balanced, the bartenders understand their ingredients, the dilution, proper glassware, etc. 
Nowadays, every city has a few options for excellent cocktails. Cure gets five stars because it lacks any attitude or pretentiousness, recognizing that high-class doesn't have to be stuffy or stuck up. Wish I had a place like this closer by, though my wallet and liver probably don't.Wonderful bar. I wish it was open earlier in the day just because I would go there more often because the location isn't the safest but it's getting there. Will definitely be back for that almond cake and to try more cocktailsGreat staff and sexy atmosphere. Cocktails were.... meh... Depends on what you're looking for.  Great people watching and atmosphere: Cure. Exquisite specialty cocktails: Try elsewhereA long overdue appraisal of one of my favorite places in the city. Cure opened my eyes to what a bar could be years ago, and is responsible for inspiring a passion of mine. Of course the drinks are crafted to perfection using the freshest housemade ingredients and recipes ranging from classic to adventurous. Being a huge American whiskey nerd, sometimes I gasp at the offerings that are displayed on the soaring back bar. Whiskey aside, the other spirits, liqueurs, and ingredients that are available here are the best (in quality and breadth) that can be found at any establishment within 500 miles. Don't get me started on the ice. 
The bartenders here are consummate professionals, and the experience of sitting at the bar from start to finish is understated and delightful. You can feel secure that any tipple from the rotating menu will be delicious, or let whoever is behind the bar create something for your taste and mood. I'm always focused on what I'll be drinking when I head to Cure, but it's always a pleasant surprise to remind myself that they have mouth-watering bar snacks and small plates (bacon wrapped dates for life). 
On any given afternoon before the evening crush, enjoying a few drinks at Cure with friends or by myself is one of life's great pleasures.This is not only one of the best craft cocktail bars in the US but it's started the whole scene down here in New Orleans. Cure is also located on Freret Street in uptown New Orleans and was one of the first new businesses to anchor what is now a food and small business renaissance on Freret St.  They always have a ton of new drink specials and the atmosphere and space is comfortable yet super sleek and modern. They also have a pretty extensive bar menu with food and I know have changed chefs recently but I haven't eaten there in awhile usually because it's a post dinner spot for drinks and fun.Very cool place.  As Celeste L. said, it was very SF.  The interior is really nice, very warehouse-chic.  Comfortable booths, nice patio.  Could use a little more seating inside.  Very chic but not snotty. 
The bartenders clearly care about the quality of their drinks - beer slingers they are not.  The cocktail list was enticing.  My boyfriend had a fancy "real" daiquiri that he enjoyed.  I can't drink hard alcohol and I was a little disappointed at their wine list (very few by the glass) but the chardonnay I got was good.  It was in a highball glass which was weird.  Interesting selection of beers.  I don't think you're a "douche" if you just get a vodka tonic but it'd be worth getting it with a premium vodka.
As an Uptown resident, it's nice to see a "downtown" place in my area.  Major thumbs up to the owners for investing in Freret Street, which needs more nighlife than (ugh) Tucks.
The one thing I don't like is that they apparently have an (unposted) dress code.  My friend was wearing a (clean, navy blue, Ralph Lauren Polo) baseball hat and they wouldn't let him in.  I thought that was rather ridiculous.  This is New Orleans, not New York!Went here for Happy Hour drinks after hearing great things about the place and it did not disappoint.
Had a couple Kentucky Mules and the bartender did a wonderful job making them.  Luckily I was able to substitute bourbon for the Moscow mule on the happy hour list and make a Kentucky Mule.
I also ended up getting the Curewich.  Basically a dressed up breakfast bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich.  It was amazing!  I wanted to order 2 more of them but I had dinner reservations made already.It was Tuesday at 9 pm (time on our tab 9:02) when we came in. It was Tuesday at 9:30 pm when we got our drinks. Worth WAITING for? Yes. We enjoyed drinking our delicious craft cocktails while watching other people who also did not sit at the bar WAIT for theirs. We almost ordered a second round before the first round made it to the table...and then came WAITING 20 minutes for our server to ask if we wanted another round... Check please! (that part was a prompt eight minutes)Really gorgeous spot, high end craft cocktails.  Service was a little spotty, but we had a great time.  Food was pretty good, but I might eat elsewhere in this town and come here before/after the meal.Beautiful bar on a nowhere street with slow, languid service.  The drinks are well made and perfectly cold. 
It's more casual than the 'Featured in Wallpaper magazine' design would suggest; what would be a scene in another city seems lackadaisical here, and maybe this is just New Orleans' nature.
Sexy, bored, and well intentioned, this bar deserves a visit.  The Aviation or Corpse Reviver may do you well, and somehow they are always playing the mix disc you wanted to make for your date.A fan of the craft cocktail. If you get intimidated by a lengthy drink description and ingredients you don't know enter at your own risk. I love the craft cocktail so it is  not Greek. I really love this place.I'll admit, I have been avoiding Cure from the beginning, as it seemed like an uptight, overpriced yuppie bar.  I finally set foot inside and realized I had been way off target.  This place has an awesome drink selection, a classy yet relaxed vibe, and some amazing bartenders.
Bonus: Happy hour (5-7pm) is $5 classic cocktails!
Pro-tip: Go in, tell the bartender what kind of drink you are in the mood for, and have them mix you up something awesome.  I have yet to be disappointed with this method!NOLA. Your culture, food and cocktails can make the best of folks backslide. 
Unique libations located inside a gorgeous dimly-lit, brick adorned interior. 
With an EXTENSIVE cocktail menu, "reserve" drink temptations and carefully selected food menu, this sexy little jewel is at the top of the NOLA crown. Drinks are pricey especially on the reserve list. I ordered a Mai Tai. Tropical perfection. 
Perfect for a date night or night out on the town with friends. We had a wonderful experience and will definitely return.Great place. Very classy and it's won a few James Beard awards too.  The staff respected me a great deal.  Tons of respect.  I had respect coming out of my ears.  I got so tired of all the respect.  Thanks staff.  The beer and drinks were fantastic.Love this bar. It's upscale and low key. Nice for first date impressions. They have an original drink menu which you have to be a real drinker to understand what you want to drink. Don't expect to order a simple cranberry and vodka. Downside is there's no happy hour and their drinks can be a bit pricey. But, as I said perfect for a first date if you want to make a good impression.Best La Palomas in the city. No one else seems to know how to make them properly. Great chill atmosphere and not loud and smoky. Also has a great little courtyard.Eclectic ambiance. Great selection of drinks. Not overly crowded which is perfect for those who dont want to stand in a line at the bar for drinks.This is the best cocktail/mixology bar in town!!!
Best part about this lounge is that it is essentially th hub for training 5 star mixologists around town. My group of 5 gave the bartender each of our go-to standard drink. The bartender returned with 5 new drinks based on what we said and each better than what we were used to. I gave him "crown on the rocks with a twist" and was returned with "rye, 2 types of bitters, and an orange slice" yum!!!
Definitely worth going to, a great for a first date!Aesthetically, it is a great bar.  Problem is that I just felt like my jeans were not tight enough, my beard was not fancy enough, and my fashion and actions were not ironic enough to be a patron of this bar.
I was already tired when I entered the bar, but the crowd made me just want to check out early.  The servers and bartenders were slower than a turtle.If you're a cocktail person, you gotta go here! Awesome selection, interesting combinations, and a huge variety of options. The type of place where you could say to the bartender "I like these flavors or drinks - now make me something I've never had before!" And they would nail it. 
Ambiance is cool inside. Dimly lit but the bar is the star. Lots of different seating options. Great for a mixed age group. We went with family and had everyone from 30-70 and we all loved it. Go there now!I am so impressed with Cure, it makes me want to move to New Orleans and drink delightfully crafted cocktails and small plates all day, errday. The simple exterior belies a high-ceilinged, beautifully-designed interior: bar tables lit from underneath, wood panelling all over the walls, and mirrored and glassed hexagonal table tops. It's all very hipster and industrial and minimalist and I luvvit. The cocktail menu came with little icons of the glass (highball, rocks, etc.) the drink is served in, which is really helpful if you want to know what to expect.
The food and drinks were amazing too. The Eternal September ($10) is every bit as described - a seasonal take on an Old Fashioned with spices and warmth evocative of fall. My favorite dish was the scallops were served on bread filled with creme fraiche - every bite was a refreshing slurp and crunch of slippery and creamy. I also ordered the chicken confit - the chicken was not as crisp as it could be, but it was served with blistered garlicky beans that I kept picking at even though I'm not a fan of beans. We also got the steak tartare, which had luscious hunks of meat. I personally would have toasted the sliced bread that was served alongside the steak tartare.
I would definitely come back again and explore the rest of Freret Street too.I visited Cure with my husband on a Tuesday night, and we had a nice time. Our bartender Rhiannon (spelling?) was very cool and helped us select some tasty drinks. The food was great, way better than I expected. I think the goat cheese and artichoke crostini was the best I've ever had, the cheese plate was delicious. 
I didn't love my first drink, but I think that had to do with my taste, not the drink itself. I then ordered Rhiannon's version of a Ramos Gin Fizz and it was fantastic. 
Didn't stay too long because we had other places we wanted to visit. Like most other cocktail bars I like to come early before the crowds get there, we had to take a cab but it was easy to get to and the inside of the bar is lovely. I especially like the glass shelves lined with apothecary bottles at the entrance.We went here on a Tuesday night and got the last seats at the bar so it was surprisingly busy. I really like the ambiance here. The drinks were really good and bartender was very friendly. Ask for Ryan.If you're feeling trendy, this is the place to go. You'll get hand-crafted cocktails that are delicious, yet kinda pricy. The last time I came here, I ordered some kind of lavender cocktail....amazing. I also had an older woman who kept trying to talk to me and wanting to take pictures with me, which was kind of strange, but that's besides the point. I haven't had any other experiences like that happen again so I feel somewhat reassured that I can go there without entering into any awkward encounters with weird people.
Make sure you're dressed nice or else you'll feel out of place. The ambience, like I said, is trendy. The place itself is narrow, but there are places to sit, either at the bar or at tables/booths across from the bar. There's also an outdoor patio, which is nice when it's not too hot or cold outside.
They also have a great happy hour, which is good if you're getting off of work and want a place to go with your co-workers. The crowd is a little bit older (late 20s, early 30s) but overall I like this place and would definitely come back.
Oh and minus one star because of the picture of the giant cockroach on the wall....I don't want to look at that when I'm eating!If you like whiskeys, they have a ton. Like a TON.
Big booths inside as well as an outdoor patio.
Not much in terms of other stuff around, unless you want Domino's.
Fun place and great for groups.If you are looking for inventive cocktails this is the place to find them! I am not a huge fan of cocktails but once in a while i try something different and this place had an interesting menu.
 I really like there outside patio but wish they had better music overall cause it seemed a little bit boring the time i visited.Really enjoyed my meal and drinks and food here. Made a special trip from Baton Rouge just to give this place a try because when I first tried it was closed for a private event. Anyways I really enjoyed the cocktails here. The one the stood out most in my mind was the V.E.P. Last Word. I am a huge fan of the Last Work and having it made with Chartreuse V.E.P. basically turned it into a disel powered turbo charged version of said cocktail. Definitely a nice splurge. I highly enjoyed all the other cocktails on the menu as well. I was also pleasantly surprised with how good the food was. I really enjoyed the tartine, shrimp ceviche and bread pudding. I would skip the cajun popcorn tho, the portion is too small and doesn't taste very "cajun-y" to me. The mood and decore is very chill but still lively. The staff were all very nice to me and were quite attentive. They bartenders at Cure know what's up, so if you love cocktails and want to tast some of the best in the city that created some of the best you should come here.One of the more sophisticated bars in New Orleans. The crowd varies from upperclassmen from the local schools to young professionals to a married couple. They have a great list of signature cocktails, beers, and wines. The food menu is short, but classy bar food to snack on.Matt is amazing! I can't say enough good things, every drink I had was perfectly and strategically crafted. True talent and great vibe!Total duche bag bar manager acted like he owned the bar. Typical 1st round manager. Kicked me and 3 of my friends out because we were talking to 4 girls. Don't recommend to anyone after spending 200 dollars in an hour at the bar.Cure is a fantastic little bar on Freret Street. Accommodating those spanning from a mature college age to the experienced professional, it supplies a great drink selection and a lovely atmosphere for those who wish to relax after a hard day at the office or a tough day of exams. The dim lights, those really cool chandeliers, and the old stopper bottles as decoration add a strange sort of vibe to the place, but this vibe is not at all bad. The mixologists are artists, and sometimes I even feel like they're too good for me (despite the fact that I have a very refined palette, in my opinion).
My favorite time to go to Cure is when it's still light out for Happy Hour from 5-7PM. It's $5 for a pretty simple cocktail, but it's a freakin' sweet pretty simple cocktail. I like to sit outside in the lovely courtyard and eat a meat and cheese plate (as my friends and I did once). They're Pimm's Cup is phenomenal (and Pimm's Cups are my absolute FAVORITE alcoholic beverage), and they're Dark and Stormy makes you feel like a sailor lost at sea (because it's so good, it takes you to a dark a stormy place... right? Maybe that's a bad simile...). They're food is just okay. It's a little over priced for the quality, in my opinion. Last time we went, my friend got the Short rib "Debris" Sandwich and oh my goodness! It was so delicious. I was instantly jealous of her and wished I had ordered it too.
Anyway, just go to Cure. You'll enjoy yourself. Just make sure you look presentable (slacks and a coat maybe, and a fun dress for the ladies). Besides, don't you miss dressing up all pretty-like to have a cocktail? You don't get the chance too often in New Orleans.If you're a "mixologist," does this mean that you can't serve a god-fearing man in a Snuffleupagus onesie a nice glass of warm gin?  It's a pretty easy mix - take nine parts gin, pour into glass, chug.  Seems simple enough to me, but I've only got one year of sheep-herding midwifery under my belt, so what do I know?  The music here was very strange, and there must be some sort of microwave interference in this bar.  Any time I encounter microwaves, they interact with the metal plate in my head and cause me to pee myself and forget who I am for about 30-45 seconds.  This can be catastrophic, especially if I'm driving the bus.  Anyway, I was having a conversation with the mixologist on the steps of neat-gin drinking (see above), when a blast of microwaves hits me like an elderly woman in a hoverround.  My review of Cure is somewhat incomplete, because when I regained consciousness I was in the sidecar of my grandmother Mafalda's motorcycle.  Three stars for not knowing how to make me a glass of warm gin, and the hazardous microwave interference.I went here with some friends after dinner on a drizzly Tuesday night and it was a perfect end to the evening.  The bar itself is stylish, cozy, and dimly-lit, with bottles of bitters and other concoctions lining the bar.  The drinks were all fantastic, and the Bog Royale was definitely one of the most delicious drinks I've ever tasted (we ordered it because one of its ingredients is "cranberry shrub" and we were like, "What the hell is that?" and we wouldn't let the bartender ruin the mystery until we'd already tried it, but we weren't disappointed).  And since it was a slow night, the very knowledgeable mixologist (is that a real word?) Kirk took the time to tell us about the various cocktails on the menu, how a "cranberry shrub" is made, the property's history (the bar is built inside of a renovated firehouse), etc.  
Cure is definitely not your typical New Orleans bar (it almost seems like it would be more at home in another city - it reminded me of bars like Violet Hour in Chicago and Varnish in Los Angeles).  But sometimes it's good to lay off the hand-grenades and Abita Ambers and opt for a more sophisticated evening of drinking.cool interior and atmosphere - - lots of it.
Great bartender (Ryan), knowledgeable, smart, interesting.
drinks were phenomenal
bar food, very good
the only reason this place would not get a good review is if you don't have your expectations quite right  ... meaning, it's craft cocktails, the vibe is subtle, so are the drinks and the service. time moves at the pace of a stirred drink. it's not going to fully cater for exactly who you are, you have to meet a place like this at least part way in the middle from where they're coming from.Great service, amazing drinking! Reminds me of a San Diego bar at night. 
Stop reading and just go!This seems to be a local, neighborhood-y place that we can say serves great cocktails and provides accommodating service.  
Ended up here after taking a later Christmas Eve flight into New Orleans and having to cancel our existing dinner reservation at Luke. OpenTable showed us Cure as a last-minute dining option and we saw that they had small plates so I jumped on a reservation as kind of a Hail Mary. 
When we landed and dropped our stuff off at the hotel, we took an Uber straight here. First of all, it's not located in a tourist neighborhood, but a residential area, Freret which is uptown near Loyola. 
Secondly, the space is absolutely stunning and you can tell that it was renovated with a lot of care and attention to detail. It looks like it was a carriage house or warehouse at some point and has soaring ceilings, large oak doors, low lighting, beautiful finishes and very comfortable furniture. There is also an outdoor patio with lush greenery that looks like it would be glorious in the warmer months.
Unfortunately, we didn't realize that they would not be serving food on Christmas Eve so we didn't get to try any of the tapas or cheese plates. This was disappointing since we had no idea and we were starving. However, the bartender was nice enough to let us bring Domino's pizza in from the outside while we drank our cocktails. LOL 
I'm sure we looked like absolute trash doing that, but we appreciated them being flexible with us so we could have a drink and get something to eat after our long day of traveling.
The cocktails were delicious and worth a trip by  themselves. I had their version of an old-fashioned which featured some kind of coffee liqueur and other interesting flavors. The cocktail menu is very creative and well-rounded and unlike anything you can get at most other bars. I would love to return here on my next NOLA trip to check out their happy hour and hopefully some food as well.We had a bunch of people and moved a table to accommodate a few more coming. Our waitress said it was fine to move it. After that another waitress came over and said that we could not do it and said that we were in violation of fire code. The problem is that the door we are blocking is an emergency exit that is locked shut with 3 different locks and planters blocking the path if you were to open it. Other than that the drinks are good but very very slow.Very nice bar that both invokes a sense of modernity and nostalgia at the same time. The ambiance is very dark, the bar is fully stocked in an old-timey way, and a courtyard outside is a nice touch. The inside of the bar is somewhat small and the seating options are basically at the bar, outside in the courtyard, or in booths located near the bar. 
The drink menu offers drinks such as, "Winter is Coming", "Generation Adrift", and "Two Fathers" and so one is hard pressed not to imagine literary icons like Fitzgerald and company spending time here if they were in still around. 
The crowd is manageable, but it's more of a place to go with a group than alone. A bit more upscale, it's not really a place to pick as your local watering hole. More of a cocktail place than a beer place.
Finally, the one thing I did not like about this place was that they had background music playing which made it hard to have a conversation.This is the bar that sets the standard I have held every other drinking establishment against since I began drinking here a few months after their opening. In all the cities I have visited since then, none have held up to the quality of cocktail and service. The ambiance in the early evening is my absolute favorite. Lights are dimming, candles are lit, bartenders are freely pouring and free to chat, and seats are plentiful. From the bar to the courtyard to a booth, there is not a bad seat in the house. The seasonal changes on both the snack and bar menu are something we look forward to 4 times a year. Pick up a comic book across the street and come in for the daily happy hour (goes until 7pm daily).Did you know that Cure is not just a cocktail bar, but a restaurant, too? And they're open every day! No closing-in-honor-of-the-New-Orleans-Sabbath (Monday) for them. It's awesome to know that you can count on a place being open, when so many businesses here are usually closed one or two days a week. Totally understandable, of course, but Cure is just more hardcore than that.
In general, I think I'm more of a wine person than cocktail aficionado, so I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go to Cure if it's just drinks I'm after. However, their food is another story entirely. Their menu changes pretty regularly, from what I can tell, and everything on it lately (well, that I've tried, at least) has been spectacular. The service ranges from good to great; everyone is friendly and helpful (though the bartenders certainly stay busy making complicated cocktails). And the food. OMG the food. Amazing.
My only minor disappointment here is the lack of heavily caffeinated options. Occasionally, I need caffeine more than booze and food combined, especially when I'm planning to be somewhere for a while. Such a pretty, fancypants bar, I expected espresso or cappuccino, but no coffee at all. Settled for diet coke. Would've taken a sugar free Redbull, too, but no luck. But of course, their expertise is absolutely in the realm of cocktails. You can just tell the bartender what kind of liquor you like, and he (in this case Kirk) can totally make you something fabulous off menu. Everything on-menu is fabulous, too! Your options are pretty much limitless. If you're one for high-end cocktails, you won't be disappointed. Whatever you do, though, definitely try their food. You won't regret it.Cure is exactly what you imagine a swanky hip cocktail bar to be. It is not in a touristy part of NOLA so it feels special just getting to it. At night it is dimly lit with a candle at your table. There are booths that give it an intimate vibe. Good mix of young and older crowds. The menu has a variety of standard, seasonal, and top shelf cocktails. They also offer a small food menu. 
Our drinks were exceptional and well worth the cocktail price. Why not 5 stars? Well, I couldn't figure out which server was actually our server. We had three different people help us and then none of them seemed to swing back around when we were ready to pay our bill. Actually the staff was having a great time dancing behind the bar and laughing, which was entertaining to watch....but we were ready to head home after a long day of walking around New Orleans. Thankfully we had enough cash and just left it at the table. I'm sure this doesn't happen all the time. And I honestly was not that bothered by it since we luckily had enough cash. 
Great spot. I definitely recommend it and will go back next time I'm in NOLA.Stopped in for a cocktail during happy hour, and became notably happier! :) The bartender was wonderful and prepared the cocktail I ordered with care and attention to detail like a performance. I loved the little quirks of this place, and it's right across the street from a great comic book store (Crescent City Comics). Will definitely be back!Came in on Wednesday night with a few friends and wanted to sit at the bar. Drink menu had lots of cocktail options all around $10-15 (classic cocktails were $6) not too bad in my opinion. They also serve a few appetizer options. Bartender Turk treated us well to some nice cocktails. Each were flavorful and exciting. 
There are gender neutral bathrooms that are clean and up kept. 
If you don't want to sit at the bar there are a few tables inside and a patio outside with some tables as well.Yes, I visited this place as a tourist, but I can see why this place has gotten TONS of good press. I drove here after a dinner at Dick and Jenny's (also in the Garden District). 
I loved the ambiance and the bartenders were very friendly. They sampled a cocktail made from tempranillo wine, hot pepper syrup, and something else...It was refreshing and delicious. I then got The Upstate Shrub (Spiced Cranberry & Apple Cider Shrub . Sparkling Wine). DELICIOUS. 
Most unique cocktails I've ever had. Give it a go.This is my neighborhood bar. The margaritas are some of my favorite in the city, although on the sour side.  I also love their la Paloma. The food is very good, especially the fish dip and the white bean bruschetta. The ambiance is really hip and the garden is lovely, which blooms with fragrant honeysuckle at night.Service is super slow even when they aren't busy. But drinks are good. Food is small.New Orleans does many things well; Creole and Cajun (which are apparently not the same thing) cuisine, beautiful architecture, and cocktails all play to the city's strengths. In a town known for it's revelry you find everything from virulent $3 punches and Hand Grenades to more upscale selections. Sazerac? Hurricane? Vieux Carr? Ramos Gin Fizz? Arnaud's French 75? In a town rich with cocktail history and culture it can be difficult to decide where to go to indulge.
Cure serves up the best libations in the city. They are less about showy presentation and more about the seamless blending of liquors and adjuncts to create a smooth and well crafted masterpiece. Typically the menu skews more towards classics and variations on classics. However they do them very well, and they are more than capable of mixing something ideally suited to each patron's palate. I've been several times over the years, and each visit has led to absolute satisfaction. I appreciate their creativity, and their ability to take an ingredient and a flavor profile, and then to turn it into something captivating. Personally I enjoy just sidling up to the bar, and soaking up all the information I can from their affable mixologists, although the outdoor patio is a lovely place to hang out with friends as well when they are a bit too busy to stop and chat. 
While I know every has their own preferences I'll share just a couple of my cocktail successes there. During my most recent trip, I was thoroughly impressed with the balance of their Sidecar. Moreover, I found their punch of the day to be bright and refreshing with rum, sparkling wine, red wine, strawberries and citrus. Also tried the Dark Passenger (a Sidecar variation with the flavor of lemon curd, raisin, and almond) which reminded me of cross between lemon custard and sticky toffee pudding. Kind of sweet and sour with maple syrup. On another visit, I tried The Peripheral (a take on the classic flip with grape-based spirits and Holland style gun with notes of coconut and cocoa). I've never had anything quite like it, I got some nutmeg and allspice, almond, and almost a hint of cucumber. Somehow the combination worked well. Color was fairly light but it tasted like a dark and winter-y cocktail. In addition, the hot buttered rum on special around the holidays was one of the best I've ever tried.
If you can make it from 5-7 Cure does offer happy hour specials, although the cocktails included are the more standard options. However, their superlative Sazerac is nothing to scoff at, and is so smooth you won't even realize how strong it is until it's too late. Also included on the happy hour menu are a small selection of bar bites. If you'd prefer to stick to the full menu though, they do have an eclectic array of snacks and a variety of cheeses to pair with the libations.  
Unwind, sip, and find the Cure to what ails you.I do love me some fancy schmancy cocktails (sorry, John H:) and Cure does 'em up straight and sensational. They also give dba a run for their money as far as sheer variety of bottles, but what they do with these various spirits is the stuff of pure alchemy and genius. Yes, I said genius. 
You'll see that the long bar is set up with stations of mysterious bottles with droppers. OK, not so mysterious, perhaps, as they are clearly labeled. 
Prices are right, strong drinks go down smoothly (mmmmm Sazeracs!) and the space is lovely. I typically choose to sit at the bar so I can watch the tenders work their magic, but there are plenty of elegant booths and banquets and I look forward to enjoying cocktails on that patio. 
I'm not even remotely disturbed by that giant cockroach illustration (and believe you me, I hate cockroaches more than just about anything)... or maybe that's with Sazerac goggles.
I have a feeling I'll be updating reviews for Cure regularly, as I am likely to do so with so many wondrous things to experience.Craft Cocktails, romantic Setting in the backyard patio. The bar Food was a small selection but good. Will go back for dinnerThe atmosphere at this place is nice.  However, the drinks take a long time and we were looking forward to trying different concoctions.  Sadly, we had to settle for two rounds of drinks due to the lengthy order time.  The staff was very friendly, though, and we did manage to try some of the new menu items from the kitchen.  The food was overall pretty good, as were the cocktails.Overrated, overpriced, sooooo over this place and I'm only a sip into my first drink. If you want a snooty, wanna-be upscale bar in New Orleans, then come here. To be fair, the cocktails are great, very creative and very tasty. My personal favorite is the Thousand Blue Eyes cocktail. My friends had the daily punch, which was OK. But I do not recommend the wine, which is served in a child's diner glass rather than a stemmed glass. The fact they have NONE on site really ruined my $10 glass of wine and my mood.After searching all around on the internet for a spot in New Orleans with a great happy hour in an outdoor setting, a friend recommended Cure. The courtyard was fantastic and the cocktails were refreshing. While we only tried from the list of "Classic Cocktails" which are available for $5 from 5-7, they were all delicious, including the Pimm's Cup, which is one of my favorites, and is always in style. My mom tried to order this at Pat O's a few years ago and they didn't know how to make it, so I love when I happen upon a place who knows how to do it right. I also tried my first sazerac at Cure, which, thankfully, warmed me up when the sun started to set. 
We didn't try any of the food, but I will definitely be going back soon to try it out.Cure feels like a neighborhood New York bar with New Orleanian hospitality. Talented bartenders offer seasonal, creative drinks and beautiful classics. The old fashion with large orange peal is divine and a the warm and bright scent would make a rockstar perfume. I like sitting at the bar the best next to my hubby, but is a nice place to meet friends.lovvvve this place.....warm and inviting.....cozy yet ultra chic.....great place to meet friends and hang out and actually be able to hear what they are saying!!!  awesome atmosphere!It was a night in NOLA, and after a recommendation, we dropped by for a nightcap.
(Happy Hour: M-Th 5-7pm, F-Sun 3-7pm)
Drinks, including non-alcoholic beverages/mocktails, were great all around and reasonably priced. (I'm a fan of their orange-lemon-cinnamon non-alcoholic beverage, and a pal was a huge fan of God Save The Queen. Other drinks were ordered, but their names were not quite remembered.)
Professional and friendly service by the staff. Turk the bartender was superb.
Clean and neat location with table and bar seating available.
The ambience was nice, but there's a giant diagram of a roach? on the wall. I'm not a fan of seeing (large) insects, living or otherwise, around a place that serves food and/or drinks. That's the only reason for -1 star.Literally the best drink I have ever had in NOLA.  You feel cool just by being there.  The vibe is no joke.  Classy, with an ere of see and be seen.  The crowd seems to be primarily locals who just want to chill and converse so you can avoid the drinkies and enjoy your one of a kind cocktail!I love this cocktail bar- outside of the craziness of Frenchman street!
& I hear they have a happy hour (although we went on a late Saturday)
The menu is slightly limited (their cocktail list is not very long) but the ambience and their courtyard is beautiful and reminds me of a Brooklyn/NY-esque outdoor patio setting.
Tried "Rolls Royce" and "The Discipline"- both great, will surely visit againomg! i can't begin to tell you how amazing this place is! omg!! there is amazing bartenders and i absolutely loves happy hour!! i recommend this to anyone looking to drink like a boss!!Cure is quickly becoming one of my favorite happy hours in the area. There's a good variety of drinks, so vodka drinkers and whiskey fans alike can find something on the happy hour menu. On my last visit I got the cheese and charcuterie board as well. The house made roasted nuts were low key amazing. Definitely the unexpected star of the plate. Cure is a great place to go with friends for a drink after work, and a great place for tinder dates as well. The only complaint I have is that the Pimm's cup is a little too citrusy for my taste.I have been a customer at Cure for several years. This is "our" bar. The staff including the owner , managers, and bartenders, and wait staff is extraordinary. You will not be disappointed. If you are looking for the best craft drinks in NOLA ,the most talented and knowledgeable bartenders and the smartest and most attractive clients ( ok skip the smartest and attractive clients lol ) don't miss this place. Locals and tourists are welcomed!4 bottle limit of champagne on a 7 top on new years eve? One star. Dont come here. $30 mix drinks? Ridiculous. Save your uber dollars, stay in the quarter or head to mid city.Yup. I'm a fan. Drinks are unique which I love. Atmosphere is laid back and sophisticated. But you really want the know about the drinks and the food right? Absolutely delicious but don't come to the bar thinking you are going to get a full meal here. Portions are small but just right for a late evening of drinking. If you are like me and prefer to eat while you drink then go ahead and get you something to eat. However, if you came to the bar starving don't expect much. 
Drinks are exquisite. Sure you can get your basics here but why do that? Enjoy their selection of hand crafted drinks to get the full experience of what Cure is all about.
I have been coming here for a few years now. The drinks and the menu do change from time to time but to me that's what makes this place exciting.The drinks at Cure are really, really good. I mean the food is decent, but you come to Cure for the drinks. I'm talking about their cocktails. Also, the atmosphere is pretty cool. The interior is decorated really well, and in general everyone here is attractive and well dressed. You can sit at the bar or cozy up on some of their nice leather couches. If you don't want to spend $10 for a good cocktail, then don't come here, but if you don't mind it, then this is the place to come.loved this place! the beer and a shot is great deal and the reverse happy hour is also something to look out for. but a drink with raw egg- not too sure!Wow! I could go on and on about what a fantastic experience we had here. 
My boyfriend and I went to New Orleans for a little trip that happened to include my birthday. I picked Cure out as the spot I wanted to be for my birthday night. It lived up to my expectations (of having amazing craft cocktails).
We sat at the bar and the bartender Kirk was great. Many drinks were delicious, and one in particular the Sea Dog was the best drink I ever had. Kirk talked to us about how he created the drink and let us taste the individual elements. Had a yummy veggie dinner as well! 
Thanks Kirk and Cure! I wish you were in San Diego! I recommend Cure to anyone visiting New Orleans if you would like to enjoy a REALLY quality drink.Amazing cocktails in a very chic atmosphere.  You are going to find a cocktail to suit any preference right off of the menu, but if you're really feeling adventurous, the bartenders can come up with one to suit your cravings.  Their outdoor seating area feels so secluded even though it's right on the street, and the inside seating is intimate.  Perfect place for a date or a dressy drink with friends. Truly worth stopping by if you've got a free night.I went last night with my girl Sarah for the first time and LOVED it. I felt like I was in another city, which is nice from time to time. Very progressive, artistic, SMOKE-FREE (hallelujah!) space with creative cocktails and good service.  We sat at the bar & only stayed for one drink (it was a Wednesday) but I'd love to come back either with a group of girls, some other couples, or just my husband for a date night! The booth seating looked luxe and comfy; wraparound padded leather benches would be ideal for coming with a crowd, or getting to know someone new :)
... Not sure about the parking sitch. My husband was able to park on Freret right outside the bar... There are no visible (to me, anyway) signs for Cure. I think I might actually like that.I was pleasantly surprised by Cure. The inside is clean and trendy. The patio is amazing. They always play good music and  the patio is a perfect spot to relax and unwind. I haven't had a cocktail there that I did not enjoy.Cure gets it spot on when it comes to drinks and small plates.
I celebrated my brithday there with a bunch of friends.  Not one person complained (there were over 20 of us).
Nick D., the bartender, was amazing.  He went out of his way to make sure everyone enjoyed themselves.  If you want an amazing cocktail, ask for Nick.
I will definitely come back again.Stopped by to check out their cocktails and was underwhelmed .... If you want anything that's a twist on any of the cocktails or some thing not on the menu don't bother asking .... They are mixologists that can only mix what they have premixed based on the experience we had. Also may have something to do with the one mixologist who was constantly doing shots behind the bar which is always a little unprofessional.
Really nice setting at least and nice courtyard.There are plenty shot-and-a-beer and LIIT crapholes in this town. You want to get your Ke$ha/Paradiso Girls drunk on, head to Bourbon Street. They'll get you lit over there, for cheap, too.  
You want a quality peek into the cutting edge of The World of Cocktails, head to Cure.
Well worth the journey (we were on foot - If taking the St. Charles Street car, recommend getting off at Napoleon, not Bordeaux, which is a far nicer, if slightly longer, walk)  Cure delighted and inspired this cocktailian.
As we walked in at opening on Monday, we took our place at the end of the bar (It's just where I always prefer sitting). A little sparse and echoey for my tastes. I bet it gets loud in there when it's packed.
We came for cutting edge flavours to delight our palates, not decor. Kirk and Nick took to the challenge like fish to water and knocked it outta the park. Over the few hours we idled away there, I had the Fair & Warmer, the "Banana" Daiquiri and the Rum Treacle. My companion had the Daiquiri #3, the LaFluer's Lament, Bulleit Old Fashioned, and the Search for Deliciousness. All were perfectly concocted, each with subtle tart and sweet notes. 
The small plates were excellent as well, perfect cut-above bar fare.Great food, drinks  and great networking opportunities for young professionals in the city. The only reason why I knocked a star is due to the giant roach anatomy artwork on the wall. Not appetizing!!I love artisan cocktails, and this place really takes pride in their offerings. Not only that, but the waiters and waitresses are always happy to provide suggestions and help you find a drink that suits your tastes. Great place!Cure has fantastic cocktails, great small bites (seriously, try the pimento toast), and a solid happy hour. The atmosphere is awesome, the staff is helpful, friendly, and well informed. 
If you're looking for a group spot to grab drinks the outside area is a great place to set up camp and the interior is nice for both dates and intimate catch ups with friends. 
They've even started (or I have just recently realized) a late night happy hour 12-2AM of at cost 1oz pours of more "baller" bottles. A nice late night alternative.Place was a little hard to find due to the lack of proper signage. Bartender was super inattentive. Spent more time with the other bar patrons than my friend and I for reasons I don't want to make assumptions about. We ordered two mediocre cocktails during happy hour and were charged full price because they were rang in after 7:00pm. Atmosphere was nice. Super disappointed that the service didn't match up.If you are looking for a chill place that has a beautiful bar, extensive cocktail list, and friendly service this is the place to be. A group of us strolled in on a Thursday night and sat down.  We ordered a variety of cocktails from the bar as well a some pork rinds and a charcuterie plate, everything was great. I wish that we could have stayed longer and really enjoyed the bar but it will have to wait till next time, we were off to Coquette for dinner.Seeing as how Cure has been reviewed over seventy times already, I feel a little late to the Yelp party.  However, I have loved Cure since its opening, and feel that I should put my praise into print.
First:  If your ideal bar: 1) serves Budweiser or any beers that are similar to Budweiser; 2) serves drinks out of a refrigerated Jagermeister tap; or 3) has  girls who "go wild", Cure may not be the bar for you.  Alternatively, if I have just described your ideal bar to a T, perhaps some education is in order.  If so, Cure can give you what you need.
Cure's forte is serving artisan cocktails.  This much is already widely known, so I won't waste much time talking about it here.  I will say, however, that I have never, EVER had a drink at Cure that was not amazing.  The owners and staff take great care to update their menu with frequency, and are sincerely interested in creating new and unique cocktails.
While we're at it, let's talk about the staff.  The bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable, and are willing to go out of their way to make your experience at Cure a unique one.  in short, they want to ensure that you have an experience at their establishment, and will go out of their way to make this happen.  Bit of advice:  do not get pissed at the bartender if he or she does not carry whatever brand of liquor or beer you normally drink.  In other words, if you go to Cure and order an "Absolut and cranberry," you are: 1) going to be SOL, insofar as Cure carries more upscale vodka; and 2) missing the point of Cure entirely by ordering such a blase drink.  Trust the bartenders, live a little, and realize that there may just be certain brands of alcohol that you haven't heard of, but are as good, if not superior to, what you typically drink.
Oh, and please don't open up a tab on a Friday night, order a single drink, and then get pissed when the bartenders (who will inevitably be running around like madmen/women) cannot stop to close out your ten dollar tab.  It makes you look like a douche.  If you know that there is a possibility that you will only have a single drink, do the smart thing and bring a little bit of cash with you.  It makes everybody's lives so much easier.  
Now a song for the typically unsung:  the cooks/food preparers.  Much like the cocktails that typically accompany the cuisine, each dish is prepared and presented with care.  The dishes are not large, nor are they intended to be.  Think of them more as tapas then as meals.  Also like the cocktails, the dishes tend to be creative with regard to their ingredients, and perfectly compliment both the atmosphere and intended purpose of the establishment.  
If this review hasn't sold you on Cure, I would encourage you to go experience it for yourself.  If you're (inexplicably) disappointed, The Boot isn't so far from the bar.Went with a group of 8 and everything ordered was amazing, nothing just "ok" or "pretty good" every single item was excellent.We braved the heat and found an outside table- much quieter and more conducive to a good conversation.  The outside patio is beautiful and the perfect place to enjoy a cocktail. The prices were good and the the drinks inventive and well made. The service was also great. Thanks, Cure staff!Lets be clear- this review is purely about the mixology- no food consumed. 
The rise/rebirth of mixology had been fun for me. I love experiencing new or different interpretations of classic mixed drinks. Cure. Is all about that. A broad list iof ingredients including a variety of homemade tinctures combined with top shelf liqueur from around the world. The bartender was a chemist, mixing each to an exacting standard. 
The list is broad and deep, and the barkeep can whip up individual recommendations based on your particular likes or dislikes. 
Fun in a glass. Salut to Cure!What an amazing little gem on Feret.  Don't look for a sign displaying its location. The owner doesn't like them. Don't go before 5 PM. They won't be open. But, do order some of their amazing handcrafted drinks. And, don't miss out on the delightful little patio area.Pricey, but as my dad always says "you get what you pay for" and that certainly rings true with cocktails. Happy hour is much more reasonable (5-7pm), for the same great experience.  Always a soft spot in my heart for Cure.Drinks are extremely well done, taste great, and you don't even know they're almost entirely liquor.  The food was also good, especially the short rib "debris" sandwich which was amazing with great tasting meat and gruyere on nice pieces of toasted whole grain bread.  They did a great job of adaptive reuse with the building and it looks great, although it is a little out-of-the-way up on Freret and not someplace I would walk to.
Cure isn't cheap but honestly prices really aren't too high for an establishment and drinks like this - it's inline with high end places such as the Sazerac Bar downtown (but the drink options are better at Cure) and definitley cheaper than many similar bars elsewhere in the U.S. such as Violet Hour in Chicago or a number of places I have been to in San Francisco and New York.  If you show up between 5:00 and 7:00 PM you can also check out the $5 happy hour drinks including a Sazerac, Dark & Stormy, and rum-based Old Fashioned which are very good and will save you a few bucks.
If you're in to classic cocktails and good small plate food this place is tough to beat, it will hopefully be the cornerstone of the up-and-coming Freret St neighborhood for years to come."If you have the means I highly recommend it."
Very romantic! Great for dates.
Fabulous decor, service, drinks and food.
The clientele are well-dressed, mid 20s to early 30. A nice break from the usual hot messes prowling the streets of the big easy (not that I'm not one of them.) Yes, the drinks are pricey, especially for New Orleans but WORTH IT! 
Happy hour is a steal $5 for drinks usually 10-15. 5-7 PM.
The bar tenders put serious love into the drinks, make their own bitters and create drinks. I've had mojitos all over the world and this place tops them all.
Their total hipster outfits are a nice touch, haha.  
The music is great, lots of cool new artists. 
Outdoor patio for smoking, ect.
Food amazing. Get the roast beef sandwich and cheese plates.
Beware of going outside in the Summer. I had a cockroach fly in my FACE. 
Only issue-WHAT IS UP WITH THE COCKROACH POSTER?! TAKE IT DOWN PLEASE.Cure is pretty much my favorite bar.  Cocktails are something you either love with blissful ignorance, make you uncomfortable with the variety of unknown ingredients, or inspire you to learn more. 
 Any place with such a thorough selection of ingredients could make anyone uneasy as there's such a wide array of topics to familiarize yourself with before you even make an informed choice of a drink.  Years ago when I first visited Cure I had just moved here and had been a much more avid beer drinker, which advanced to weekly home brewing.  I was unfamiliar with the craft cocktail movement and knew nothing of the history of drinks.  
I'm not one to enjoy dressing up, for me a black pair of jeans is dressy.  The facade of the bar leads you to the false impression that this need be a high end, exclusive, destination.  This feeling is probably further perpetuated by how seriously the bartenders take their craft.  However this could not be further from the truth.  
It's too easy and cheap to throw terms like 'hipster' around for an establishment that takes pride in its appearance, Cure is sexy.  Cure is also like your really attractive female friend that doesn't mind being seen with you wearing an old t-shirt and homemade shorts when she's dressed up in her chic attire.  She likes you for who you are, and wants you to have a nice time.  
The seasonal drink menu is stellar and is always fun to learn your way around as it comes out.  Sure it's easy to scoff at the prices when you're used to $2 beers, but I encourage any of you to go to a liquor/grocery store and look at the prices for a bottle or two of the liquors they use, it's humbling.  
I'm a far far cry from wealthy, and I'll most often visit for happy hour and leave before the majority of patrons arrive, and it's still quite affordable and a great visit every time.  Besides, you're drinking strong cocktails and no one wins in high quantities.  
Early on I loved asking for recommendations for a cocktail based on an ingredient I liked and getting 'dealer's choice'.  Sure not everyone will love every drink, but I've always been pleased.  Some day I'll have to move away from here, but I hope there'll always be a Cure where ever I end up.My man Ryan makes the meanest Harvey Wallbanger in town. Possibly in the world. I just really wish they would get rid of that ghost in the bathroom. Always staring at me while I am trying to rock a leak. Seriously though, the water here is amazing. Pair it with the open face sandwich on the menu and prepare to have your mind blown. Also, totally saw Rihanna doing drugs in the courtyard here once. Total winner.Like authentic, bitters based, artesian cocktails? Go here. Right now. 
Clean, modern interior complete with an outdoor enclosed patio that has table service. Expect to ask a few questions when looking at the drink menu, their staff is prompt and damn good so they will either point you to something you will enjoy, or make it up for you. 
The Ramos Gin Fizz is the best I've had in the several years I've been drinking them. The bartender will actually shake the cocktail for the 12 minutes the recipe calls for. The difference is amazing when the staff actually takes pride in their cocktails (vs. the Columns Hotel which is hit or miss). Look at their menu online for cocktails, they change on a regular basis.  
Food is a tasty complement to the drink menu. The cheese is from St. James Cheese Company, and the roasted almonds pair perfectly with a single malt scotch or rum.Finally made it to Cure after a Yelp event last week. We split a bottle of wine for the table, as I had noticed the 50% off bottles of wine on Thursday Yelp announcement. Each of us ordered a small plate too. All of it looked delicious, and my Jamaican patty was amazing (although not the best food item to pair with white wine - still good).
Great atmosphere, extensive cocktail list, nice selection of beer and wine, and some fantastic specials, like the aforementioned wine special on Thursday and a nice happy hour deal too.
I don't travel to Freret Street all that often from my cozy home on the Westbank, but when I do, I'll be sure to stop in for a drink and perhaps a bite to eat!Apparently I blew it on this first trip as since I've been reading that Cure is all about the cocktails and small plates and I went for wine and a cigarette. Therefore, I can't speak to the food or cocktails as I wasn't very adventurous on this first trip, but I was excited about the wine list, which had a Slovenian white by the glass and a falanghina, a southern Italian varietal that I've only seen at Cork + Bottle.
I like Cure because it provides something that can be difficult to find in New Orleans: thoughtfully crafted cocktails, elegant yet unstuffy dcor, and pleasant outdoor seating. I like it even more for its choice of location, although I'm curious to see if it'll be taken over by throngs of Tulane girls displaying their penchant for ordering drinks while simultaneously talking on cell phones. We shall see if there is a market for $4 High Lifes (or Lives), or if that is considered "so 2008" in the current economic climate. In the meantime, I'm grateful to them for putting forth something different and keeping me from schlepping to some hotel bar downtown when I want to spend $10 on a cocktail.On a recent jaunt to New Orleans, a friend recommended Cure so I went. I am usually suspicious of "cocktail bars" because in NYC where I live, I have witnessed them become more pretentious and consistently worse over the last decade. Especially the bartenders. I always want to say to them:  "It's cool you studied a book on prohibition cocktails hipster boy, but get a personality and I'd like my drink in under 15 minutes please"
But I digress...the Cure guys get the cocktail bar spot on, because it's a BAR first, not a wanky cocktail cathedral. The staff are warm, polite, efficient and of course extremely knowledgeable about cocktails. And the selection of spirits is curated at a very high level too with a lot of rare gems. Great small plates of food round off the experience nicely.
So for anyone who's considering checking it out, I highly endorse. A quality place all around.Fantastic cocktails. Don't be scared by the amount you get, but get ready for a lovely cocktail that really just explodes your taste buds. I'd at least try 2 different kinds!Love the craft cocktails here, and the atmosphere/ambience is great! Our waitstaff and servers have always been wonderful and friendly. The only criticism I have is that the clientele tend to be quite conservative. As in, the last time we were here, a lady seated next to us went on a (very loud) three hour rant to her drinking companions about how affirmative action was "reverse racism", how we needed to "make America great again", and how the Black children at her kids' school were "never punished" and it "wasn't fair". This entire ordeal was so upsetting that I had to actually leave the bar to go outside and have a cry. Overly sensitive? Maybe. But the fact that this woman felt comfortable enough to air her incredibly bigoted, racist views in public like that makes me second guess going to Cure again for a relaxing drink.We rented a table for a family event from 5-7pm. The place was understaffed, the waiters were not serviceable, rude in fact, they made passive aggressive remarks at every interaction. Enjoying ourselves was difficult because my cousin, his wife and child were told to leave, as the establishment has a "strict" 21 and up policy, even though their website did not say this. 
I have an understanding that our experience was an isolated incident, however, my family and my extended family were disrespected, therefore, we will not be coming back. 
I cannot recommend this place.I love love Cure. Expertly crafted cocktails by artisan bartenders in a welcoming setting. This visit we tried some of the delicious crostini while imbibing and were not disappointed. 
For cocktails, I had the Amor Fati and the Mister had the Ghost Dance and the Whiskey Sinister. I kept to one as I had to drive us back to da quarter. 
I fell head over heels for the Amor Fati - a whiskey based drink that went down smoother than a newborn baby's behind. 
The only thing that would improve Cure would be a monorail or a free car service between Freret and the French Quarter !!!
Do yourself a favor and go there during your trip to Nola. You'll be glad y'all did.Drinks are a bit expensive but you have to expect that when it comes to best cocktails in the city.  The drinks here dont get much better, if you enjoy cocktails (not just jack and coke) this is a great bar. I've been to the best cocktai NY and LA, and Cure isI thought the drinks here were good, and happy hour is a great deal. $6 cocktails that are worth $10-12. There is outside seating and service, and some fancy bar food. I didn't think this place was anything super special though, but nothing was wrong with it by any means.