Well NOWI KNOW WHY ITS NEVER CROWDED: you can't get served so you walk out. The hostess was nice enough to acknowledge us but, once we sat at the bar it was nothing but, avoidance. Not even a head nod or a "I'll be with you in a minute." No menus no nothing! I get that I'm not dressed up. But, I don't stink and I'm clean so what is the problem? Do I look like someone who can't afford to sit at a marble counter? Or is it that I resemble someone you don't want TO SERVE? Anyways, 1/2block in any direction is okay with me to grab a drink so tootles!
The nice hostess even thanked me for leaving. LolWowsie! We found this one on Open Table. The ambiance and decor is very fresh, clean, and welcoming -all in a great spot in the center of the French Quarter. The menu and drink menu is exquisite.  We tried 4 different cocktails.  Each was unique and spot on in taste.  For apps we had grit tots- they were PERFECTLY fried- I don't know how they pulled that off. The flavour was not outstanding- however the flavour of the sauce they came with was amazing!!! A perfect little dish.  We also had the tuna and scallop carpaccio. HEAVEN. This dish gets 10 stars! Thinly sliced with lots of flavour!!! We split a "shrimp Reuben" and o should have read he menu better- it was a pastrami flavored shrimp with coleslaw and creole mustard on an onion bun- not what a Jewish girl from nyc had in mind.... but it was good and my fault for not reading.  The desserts are epic! The crime brûlée is perfection on the top and comes with tiny beignets. The rum glazed pound cake has a spicy- yes spicy- caramel sauce.In a city that's (deservedly) known for its culinary treats, Curio stands apart from the crowd.  Nothing against the traditional restaurants of the French Quarter, but how many times can you have the same old tired gumbo and etouffée?  More to the point, there's something really new and fresh going on at this wonderful restaurant that shouldn't be missed!
For the main course, I had Chicken Clemenceau, which was rich with large, fresh mushrooms and rustic potatoes, but the big highlight of this dish was the sweet pea purée.  If I were a Food Network celebrity, I'd feature this as my dish on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."  Creamy and smooth as silk, I couldn't imagine how delectable a purée of sweet peas could be until I tried it.  I closed my eyes and swooned.
For dessert, I had the Rum Glazed Pound Cake with caramelized pineapple, cayenne caramel that brings a nice amount of heat and a coconut semifreddo that cools it all off while adding a sweet cream taste to the affair.  Again: more delicious than my limited language can say!
The service was A++ as well.  My server, Ashley P., was warm and welcoming to this party of one, and right on the money in everything she did.  The space itself is a tastefully designed, cool respite to the raucous noise of the French Quarter.  
Let the crowds wait hours for the same old, same old.  This was my favorite meal during my stay in NOLA.I had the Duck & Black Eyed Pea gumbo which is the only thing I ordered. The gumbo was really tasty and I loved the flavor that the peas added. The pieces of Duck seemed all most to small to taste which kinda annoying because I love Duck but again it's really good. The restaurant was very clean and the wait staff was great, I sat at the bar which I recommend if you have to eat & Run. I did see a lot of people heading up stairs, I didn't go up there but I imagine they have a indoor/outdoor seating.Wonderful spot for dinner!  We stopped and had the cavatappi with duck and andouille.  It pairs very well with a glass of wine or beer.  The second floor boasts views of Royal Street.  Cocktail "the banshee" was recommended by our host.I know it was Christmas Day and so did the restaurant. If you choose to be open for a Holiday, you have to expect a crowd and be prepared for it. If you can't handle the crowd, don't open. I don't expect to have to wait half an hour for a table when I reserve.
They ran out of some dishes, and the wait staff was simply overworked. This is supposed to be a fine dining establishment and it was not a cheap meal. I did not feel like the food received the attention it should have, nor did we. I just felt rushed and ignored (though the wait person we had was very sweet, just not well-trained). Had to keep trying to get the attention of someone and only after multiple tries got someone to bring a dish for the crab claw shells. Then again, to get a spoon. No one ever came over to ask if everything was good. Just not professional service and not what I expect at these prices.
We had the pork rib app, which was fine. The gumbo was less than average - looked like the roux was off. My redfish a thin piece of fish and the flavor was overpowered by the mustard greens. They tasted like they had Coleman's mustard powder added it was so strong. Way out of balance. My husband's short ribs were just alright - not like what is pictured on the Curio website. Not even sure they were really short ribs. More like shredded beef. Overall, we were disappointed.We stopped in this place for a quick happy hour to get out of the rain. Our bartender was outstanding I wish I had gotten her name. 
We ordered the shrimp boulette it was so good I will crave them. A crispy ball creamy on the inside with chunks of shrimp and a delicious dipping sauce. 
The happy hour was $12 for bottomless rose,not my drink of choice but I tried it. I only had 2 so she gave me a to go cup to get my monies worth. I would say this is a definite must try.Came here for a late breakfast and ordered their caramelized French toast and bacon.  It was stellar!  Yummy, light French toast, just the right hint of smoke in the bacon, and the best Bloody Marys we have found in NOLA.  And the service was great, too.  This will be on my recommended list from now on.New place with great ambiance, but short on service and crazy charges on my bill.  We had the Grit Tots which were perfectly cooked, but lacked any flavor.  The dipping sauce also had no flavor.  Next we tried the grilled ribeye, which was smothered in pesto.  It was over cooked, I asked for medium rare and was served medium.  I am not sure if the cut was intentionally thin, or it was the end cut, but it's wasn't worth the price when compared to other steaks in this city.  And, the smothering of it with pesto, well, you shouldn't have to do anything to a good rib-eye but cook it properly.
More about the drinks.  We ordered a "neat" drink and were charged $3 for and "neat" pour...  Really?  You charge me more for not doing anything more than pouring a 2oz shot into glass, and mixing it with nothing at all?  If you want to charge $14.50 for your bourbon, then charge that, don't put it on your ticket with a "neat" charge.  Insulting.
The service was not very good either.  The server completely forgot about our drinks.  He brought drinks to the others at our table but completely forgot ours (2). He then had a tough time remembering what food was where.  We were 6.  An entree was sent to the table for one guest and he thought it was sent by mistake, but it was just sent too early.  She waited for our entrees to start, and by that time it was cold.  Confusing, maybe it was a bad night for this guy, but the entire experience fell short of what you need to do in this town to stay afloat.
Not sure if we will try again?  Maybe just a bar experience for bites.Great happy hour -- wonderful cocktails and small plates and not terribly crowded, considering the location.Excellent, great service and the hurricane was boss.  We recommend the grit tots, gulf fish and the red fish. The place has a very rustic modern feel to it.  Very clean!Curio is fabulous from cocktails to desserts! Service is always friendly and efficient. I'm not usually a whiskey fan, but Hayden convinced me to try a Banshee and I'm hooked! Benjamin provides excellent service and the food is fresh, unique, and a real treat!!WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! We waited for our food for over an hour (which we never received). Coffee cups remained empty. Waitress was inattentive. THREE tables who were seated after us were halfway through their meals while we were still waiting for ours. I had to ask another waitress to check on our order. When we asked why we haven't received our order, the manager spoke over me and kept repeating that my son's burger was ordered well-done and "it's the first ticket but it takes a longer amount of time to cook a well-done burger"!?!?!? For real?!? Over an hour for a well-done burger?!?! And trust me, it was not busy. Many empty tables and only about 12 people in the whole restaurant. For Sunday brunch when most restaurants on the same block have lines extending out the door? I guess I know why. Needless to say, we paid for our appetizers and left. There are many other choices to eat in the French Quarter, unfortunately CURIO  is not one of them. Disgusting service! 
Might I suggest Tableau, Muriel, Stanley's or Felix? All awesome restaurants with the most amazing food and outstanding service! Skip CURIO.We stopped in just for a drink and ended up staying for dinner. The vibe is fun, vibrant and lively. We sat at the bar - a big beautiful marble bar. We started with the grit tots - yum! So delicious. We shared the red fish which was just amazing. Perfectly seasoned with crab on top and over the most heavenly creamed mustard greens. It was divine. We finished with the pound cake served with a coconut semifreddo also delicious. The bartender was great. Friendly and attentive. Definitely a new French Quarter favorite for us. We will surely be back.In some way affiliated with the nearby Kingfish, I found the menu and service profile quite similar. I sat at the bar on a quiet Tuesday evening and was well-served by Danielle and her colleague. An amuse-gueule, presented on a sand-dollar size plate, was a taste of their short ribs entree. Enjoyable but I probably wouldn't want this as a main -- too sweet. The $8 duck gumbo, however, was sensational and I savoured every bite. Finally, the greens salad ($10) was nicely presented but I found the vinaigrette a little overwhelming. Service was excellent. With a glass of prosecco, the total was a quite reasonable $35 incl tax  and tip. I'll be back.Great dinner! Very different from the classic 'Brennan' restaurants around NOLA. 
We ordered several small plates to start: crab legs were unbelievably savory! The family fought over ate the last grit tots, they were so tasty. We split a mixed greens salad with seared tuna and a fish of the day entree. 
Every morsel was delicious. For dessert, bread pudding outshined the already fantastic chocolate cake w/marshmallow icing. 
Service was excellent as well.  Would happily keep this place on the 'must go' list!Food and service here were absolutely fabulous! We came three times and did not regret. Everything from appetizers to entree was rich in flavor and made our taste buds happy.  If you can make to their happy our from 3-6P try the fish cakes and fried oysters. For dinner we ordered the cane strut gazed beef short ribs, grilled ribeye and the braised spiced lamb shank. All was good but our favorite was the beef short ribs hands down.Love love this place. We sat on the balcony as we enjoyed the French Quarter and all it offers. 
The place is just amazing. The service is great. The staff is quite attentive to your needs. 
A must when in Nola.I'd probably skip this place next visit, here's why.  Reserved well in advance and arrived at a mostly empty upstairs dining room.  Host promptly seated us at the worst (hallway / restroom) table in the room, which set the tone for the evening.  
Waiter was polite and attentive, arriving quickly and professionally to take beverage order.  
Menu offers a single salad and a single soup.  We ordered both plus entrees.  Soup was more like mashed potato consistency, salad was unremarkable.  
Wife had the curry vegetables and I had the short rib.  Both edible, both unremarkable.  
With a second bottle of very modest wine, the lackluster meal was a couple hundred bucks.
We'll keep looking for better options.Beautiful new spot in the French Quarter with a cozy, intimate environment. Food was delicious with a spin on some New Orleans staples. Recommend Grit tater tots and the redfish!Excellent!! The best service! Really good food! Only complain...they really need to get their meats cooked correctly. Medium well came medium rare and medium came rare.  Or too overdone...Other than that everything is amazing. Maybe ill chose to order more of seafood dishes or chicken. We are regulars for sure!This is a cute little place that opened up about seven weeks ago in the French quarter. It's a perfect destination for both casual dining and also a celebration. It's also a very nice mix of modern and also the history of New Orleans.
We came in on Saturday evening with a reservation, but they were many tables that were empty. The waiter was extremely attentive, it was very thorough with checking IDs. While we looked at the menu, he came over three or four times asking if we needed any help. 
I ended up getting the beef short ribs, and my friend got the blackened red fish. Both were absolutely delicious, with a very unique taste, exactly what the people of New Orleans would want. More importantly, they came in very nice dishes, which is very aesthetically pleasing. 
Finally, we got dessert menu, the waiter recommended the bread pudding. It was definitely the way to go, and the milk rather than the cream really did the difference.
Sad though, because even though our way to did a great job throughout the meal, he assumed that the check was going to the man without looking at the name on the card. Please pay more attention to this in the future, since woman can pay for meals!Would be zero stars if I had the option. Utterly disappointing. These reviews must be written by tourists who are not accustomed to food with flavor. Very weird ambience. Three cheesy TVs in the "bistro" dining room. The food was cold and flavorless yet expensive. The best (worst) part was the dessert. Tres Leches bread pudding was more like a lump of rubber placed in the middle of almond extract milk. They dared only offer some tasteless Yankee coffee in a city where the only acceptable coffee is Chickory. I am utterly flabbergasted by the positive reviews. Go to Wendy's instead, at least it will be hot. A 4 for $4 is a more reliable source of sustenance.Finally found a bartender in NOLA that makes a fantastic Mint Julep. Lisa makes quite possibly the best one I have ever had. Yes I upgraded to Basil Hayden and the flavors matched perfectly. Lisa even hand crushed the ice for my Mint Julep for me. I highly recommend having her make one for you if you are here.We stumbled upon Curio while walking in the French Quarter, we wanted a quick morning drink and beignets and since the reviews were good we decided to give it a try. 
Well.... we got seated by the hostess and had to wait 10 minutes before we had to go look for a waiter. We decided to order 2 mimosas and a set of beignet. After another 10-15 minutes the waiter came back to tell us beignets are not ready but we can go to cafe beignet across the street. Another 10 minutes and he came back with 1 mimosa and 1 Bloody Mary. We just asked it to go and left. The whole experience took over 40mn and only thing we got was 2 drinks!The duck was absolutely sublime! Very well seasoned, and very slightly more on the salty side - perfection. (I compare all duck dishes to the amazingness that is asian roasted duck and so far, nothing had really compared until I ate at Curio) I substituted regular cheese grits for the goat cheese grits. 
The cinnamon yule log was very yummy - amazing because I almost never like chocolate flavored things.
I tried a bite of the veggie curry and steak from my diningmates; both were so flavorful, I'd certainly come back for them at any time. So well cooked!
Very lovely waitress. Little scatterbrained, but sweet.
This may be my favorite meal this trip!
The one bad thing was ambiance. There are ceiling fans through the length of the resturant. They make the lights looks like it's flickering which really bothered us as we ate. I never would have come in here without the recommendation of our hotel concierge - it looks like a diner from the street, not a place with amazing reasonably priced (for this area) food.We were looking for a place to have a quick light brunch prior to the ride to the airport and spotted this restaurant with a balcony overlooking Royal St. Seeing tables of diners eating there, we decide to look at the menu and decided it fit our need. 
Pros: Great location overlooking Royal although we were seated on a table overlooking an adjacent street. 
Cons:  1. Hamburger was ordered cooked medium, but came out rare. Although our food took 15 minutes to arrive, this should have been ample time to cook a burger. 2. Server was overwhelmed with other tables and did not check back on us. We had to flag down the host to request our check. 3. Service needs improvement and layout of the restaurant needs to be looked at. The waitstaff had difficulty opening the door from the upstairs dining room to the balcony did to his hands full. I had to step in and help open the door. I can't imagine how he does it the entire day since the door itself is heavy and hard to open. 
I don't think we will return based on the service and undercooked food.  Seems this restaurant is going through growing pains.SUPER!  Absolute must try!  The drink menu is awesome and the food is fantastic!  Duck gumbo and Gulf fish was great!Ashley P. was the best.
The breakfast potatoes here are the best.
The bottomless mimosas here are the best.
The atmosphere screams French cafe warmth and the bar is long and sexy; the decor, tasteful.
Service was warm and wonderful. We were greeted as we walked up to the door. Ashley was prompt and made our leisurely morning very enjoyable.
We had such a wonderful Sunday brunch here. Chicken sausage and potatoes and egg whites kept my eating regimen in tact and Justin's omelet was cooked perfectly. 
Definitely recommend for brunch. I remembered eyeing this for dinner, too, but ultimately thought the dinner menu wasn't as strong as the brunch menu. Glad we stuck with our gut.First the service: Julian was awesome. Chris and the rest of the management staff went out of their way to make sure i had a great time. 
My foodie BFF told me i had to do the rib appetizer. Amazing fall off the bone.
I don't like olives. Scallops? No problem! The chef gave me options which ended up being amazing (can you say garlic butter?!?!?) 
I see why foodies love this place. And next time I'll leave room for dessert.The drinks are yummy and the food here is delicious !! Definitely worth the try 
Try the banshee !! Get the  fried grits its deliciousHad lunch after trip to Bevolo, the folks that make the beautiful gas lanterns ... but that's another positive review. Curio was a surprise. The rooms are very elegant and they have a great bar. Nice wait staff. Had the seared tuna salad. Very lite for a hot day. Loved the addition of citrus and fennel. I need to go back for evening time. If you are in the French Quarter and want quiet, artistic and not a tourista place. Give it a go.My friends and I went here for appetizers and the staff was extremely friendly. The food was amazing and our server Gerard was VERY polite and enthusiastic!Excellent restaurant in the FQ. Just hasn't caught on yet with the Yelp reviews so it doesn't have the long lines like a lot of the popular places do.  I'm guessing they will shortly.This was probably one of the best seasoned and flavorful meals during our entire stay on NOLA. Everything from the food to cocktails were spot on.BEST HURRICANE IN NEW ORLEANS WITHOUT A DOUBT! They are made fresh every time, not that crap from a tap. Only tried two small dishes, the ribs were PERFECT. But there were only three, staff was cool too but this review is for the hurricanes. Absolutely bomb ass hurricanes. BEST HURRICANE IN TOWN HANDS DOWN! Pat O'Briens has nothing on these. Definitely worth a try!Love this place, environment is really nice. Very clean and pristine.  
I had lunch with a group early today, great with excellent service and Food.  Poor boy was great short rib appetizer excellent full of flavor. Dinner I chose Papa old fashion, duck gumbo, salad and muscles. 
Drink right up my ally perfect. 
Gumbo not like the others with just wonderful flavor, sonic you had a bunch of New Orleans gumbo, don't pass on this one. 
Muscles, excellent, flavor perfect!!!
IThe Cuban sandwich is bomb. The pork ribs tasty! And Sarah made the BEST lemon drops ever!Surprised as we stumbled into this place. I'll be back every Nola trip for now on.  Crab claws!!The ribs on the brunch menu... EVERYTHING!  Sooo delicious, the BEST ribs I have ever eaten.  They are crisp on the outside, fall off the bone tender inside.  The glaze is a brown sugar cayenne that makes you want to lick the plate.  The rest of  our brunch was delectable as well, baked cinnamon french toast with fresh fruit and whipped cream and the Curio breakfast; eggs (2), chicken sausage, and white cheddar grits.  Heaven in my belly!Pork rib appetizer was the best I've ever had, dying to recreate the glaze that was on it. Drinks were also very good.The location was great the service was good. We walked right in and got a table during tje rush. That should have been our sign there.  Not worth what we spent. The best thing we had was the Smores dessertAmazing and friendly staff! And the food was fantastic!
I recommend the grilled shrimp salad !Great service Landon the manager heard us talking about wanting gumbo and came and gave me and my party complimentary gumbo. The food was amazing I couldn't have asked for better.We sat at the bar and enjoyed yummy cocktails.  The bartender knew her drinks. The meat and cheese platter was great. Good service and excellent people watching.This was our favorite dinner after 4 days in New Orleans, including all the "must dine" restaurants around NO. Best service, best value and best taste! Must get the Gumbo! The Red Fish and the Gulf Fish entrees were fantastic!So far two for two!
Had dinner here my second night in the city and it was a home run. Short rib and scallops are fantastic (former is pretty heavy, scallops on the small side)
The bartenders were first rate too. If Sara is in and you like chartreuse, ask for a michelandrew :). That gal is going places.I took a large group (16 people) there last night (Oct. 12th 2017).  We were asked for every single person to show our ID before we could order wine.  I understand the law but the waitress examined the ID's of everyone, asking about their hometown, reading the expiration dates out loud and triple checking birthdates and names.  It took at least 15 minutes and half of our group was over the age of 60.  Very frustrating but, once again, I understand she was following the law.  
Once we had ordered wine, two of the 5 bottles came out right away and we were served promptly.  However, others had ordered drinks other than wine that didn't show up for over 30 minutes.  The other bottles of wine took longer.  We were not offered new glasses to try the red wine if we had been drinking white.  I asked, when we sat down, to let me know when I could put in appetizer orders for the table.  Before all of the wine could get to the table, our waitress was taking everyone's dinner order.  No appetizers I suppose.  
Our first piece of food arrived at our table  exactly 1 hour and 20 minutes after we sat down.  One of my clients jokingly asked if he could see the breakfast menu.  We sat down in a very crowded restaurant but ate in an empty room.   Another 20 minutes later, our meals arrived.  
I do have to say, the short ribs were amazing!  The Salmon was one of the best I've eaten and the donuts and coffee was maybe the best desert I've had in NOLA.  Such a shame the service was sooooo poor.  
In hindsight, I would suggest trying Revolution instead.  To be fair, the group we took there was much smaller, but the service was outstanding.Stopped in here for Sunday brunch. The service was a little slow but our server Ashley was very nice. The food was very good and their bottomless bloody Mary's are great. Ashley even gave me one to go when we were leaving. I would definitely recommend Curio.Delicious food and great atmosphere. Big shoutout to Destiney for wonderful service and always keeping our drink filled!Wow.  This place is beautiful.. the bar is outstanding... it's huge.. and the service is awesome.  Hayden the lead bar man is awesome.  Much needed spot right here.  A block off bourbon.  Get on over here.This place was absolutely amazing, one of the best burgers I've had 10/10 would return. That is the brunch burger in the picture!A fantastic new find in the French Quarter. The menu offers something for all tastes, including delicious coffee and drinks. Our group of four went for Sunday brunch and had a hard time choosing among the great options. We went with the grilled shrimp, steak and eggs, and the shakshouka. All the dishes were delicious. The shakshouka is a unique dish with quite a kick of spice, so we were appreciative of the grilled bread that came with it. The steak and eggs were amazing, with everything cooked to perfection. The grilled shrimp were full of flavor and also perfectly cooked. The service was also terrific. Very friendly and accommodating without being in your business every other minute. We'll definitely be coming back!!Food was amazing but the service was slow. We had to call the waiter over after being seated for almost 15 minutes.The food was good. The server was attentive but not intrusive. They were out of three different things my husband ordered (two beverages and one entree). I will say that it was Mardi Gras so we were forgiving of this but it was very early to be out of the lamb shank. He ordered the short ribs instead and was happy with that. I'd give 4.5 stars if i could but there was room for improvement. The s'mores brownie was so good!!We happened upon Curio on our first day in NOLA. I can't say enough about how much I love this find. First the service was amazing, everyone from the hostess to the person clearing the table to the servers were awesome. And food!!!!!  So good. Tuna carpaccio yum, mussels in an amazing lemon buerre blanc  sauce delicious and the end with coffee creme brûlée and beignets so amazing. We were so glad to have found this place.Randomly stopped by and what a treat. The grit tots were an absolute treat for this Northerner. The roasted duck black eye gumbo was the best gumbo we had down in
Nola. Staff was so friendly. Would go back in a heartbeat!!Great new place in French Quarter!  We ventured in a few months after they opened and enjoyed a seat at the bar with a baseball game.  My wife and I ordered several appetizers and cocktails.  First was the Gumbo... let me say as a native New Orleanian it hard to mess with the traditional gumbo let alone introducing black eyed peas to the mix!  Turns out the combo is fantastic!  Next was the rib app.... holy Moses these we so good we ordered a second helping!  Finally the mussels....so succulent, with a Thai twist in the sauce that had us using the shell as a spoon to scope every last drop.  Very happy with the atmosphere, food, service and location.  Will definitely return!We didn't have a lot of time, the last thing a restaurant wants to hear, trust me, and the staff was as nice & accommodating as could be. Our drinks came out right away, as did the oyster appetizers which were absolutely incredible. Will definitely return, hopefully with a little more time & less rigorous schedule. Even at a gallop, we could see the place is beautiful and has some great art with great views of Rue Royal. Can't wait to return. Would kill for some of those oysters right now.Staying in NOLA for our friends birthday and this was our first brunch spot. Morgan their manager is amazing and Maggie our server was so friendly! The food is freaking delicious and the environment is everything that you'd want. Between Maggie refilling our mimosas every two seconds and giving us great recommendations about places to go around town she's a great addition to this staff. Good job Morgan and Maggie!The best meal, and service,I have ever had in New Orleans.  I would highly recommend Curio. In fact I'm currently here for the second time in three days.New favorite place of new orleans the candied ribs were an absolute hit. My favorite thing I ate during my trip in the whole city. Many of the other dishes were fine but needed work. 
The creme brulee and donuts was a mess. The custard overcooked or set improperly where it started to curdle, too thick a layer of sugar on top, the donuts were a chalky dry grainy mess.This place is a must visit! Sit on balcony and enjoy people watching while you sip on hurricanes! I got the crab claw salad and the mussels. Both were delicious! The others at my table got the lunch combos which is a nice compromise of gumbo and sandwich selection. Def worth a visit!Wow! Wow! Wow and more Wow!! This is a newer restaurant in the French Quarter and my wife and I decided to try it out based on other reviews. We are so glad that we did. The Chef is Hayley VanVleet and I could not have been more impressed. We ordered the Ahi Carpaccio, the Bakkafrost Salmon and the Cane Syrup Glazed Beef Short Ribs. Every dish was beautifully plated and the flavors were phenomenal!!! Every bite was just... wow!!! The salmon especially practically melted in my mouth and all three dishes were delicate and left us wanting more. Our experience at Curio was awesome and I could not give a higher recommendation. We are excited to come back and try other items.I came here for HH. The mussels were just ok. The rose for $4 was really good. This seems like a good place to come and drink for HH. Super cute inside. Very friendly service. The have an upstairs balcony which would be fun when it's warmer out.Came in to Curio after walking around the quarter one afternoon.  We had the grit tots and the bistro board and both were excellent.  The craft cocktails were amazing.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  Would recommend Curio to anyone.We stumbled across this place randomly and it was such a great surprise! The grit tots are a fun appetizer, and we can't recommend it enough: get the roasted duck and black eyed peas gumbo! On top of that, the service was wonderful. The next time we're in NOLA, we'll definitely be coming back.Inspired by thrillist's hot list of new places, I decided to give it a whirl. The best part of my dinner was the company, and a great convo I had with a random stranger. The "grit-tots" were great, but everything else was underwhelming. WAIT!...cocktails were good...very sweet, but good. Wine selection was decent. But back to the food. My friend and I shared the grit-tots, the tuna and scallop carpaccio (which took the two tries to figure out what we wanted-not sure why), the mussels, and the redfish. EEEEEEEEverything was too sweet (drinks and food). Like, so sweet we didn't finish either main dish (mussels or fish). I'm trying not to be overly critical here...because my experience wasn't terrible, but it also wasn't remarkable. The greens under my fish were good...the sauce on the carpaccio was good...the grit-tots were good. So basically go for the grit-tots. Then go home. I will add that everyone was friendly, and the service was good. The adorable young bartender refilled my drink without asking (which was cute, even though I didn't want another), but I appreciated the gesture. Overall, I won't go back, but I'm sure some will enjoy (those who aren't used to the best NOLA dining).Bad experience.
Food was incorrectly entered to the kitchen or prepared incorrectly, regardless, 6 of 8 meals came out incorrect.
One meal never arrived, one mimosa took ~45min to arrive after 3 reminders.
They comp'd us the meal that never arrived, the 45min late mimosa and 3x beers that retailed for $3.5 each...*gut punch*
We had 4 kiddos with us...who all performed admirably regardless of the hi jinx, but of course after being there for 1.5hrs, regardless of age we were all spent.Amazing food! We went for dinner. Everything we ordered was so yummy! Definitely would recommend Curio.Great place. Opened 2weeks ago! Food was very interesting...in a good way. The balcony was wonderful, our waitress very attentive in a good way. 
Saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it. Everyone was extremely friendly. We got the cheese plate as a starter. The roasted garlic head was a wonderful addition spread on the toasted rustic bread and then spread with the Brie cheese. Yummmm. Had to help hubby with the garlic. He tried to get a clove instead of pushing/squeezing the soft roasted goodness out from the bottom with the knife and then spreading...I hope that wasn't a ploy to get me to do it. Hmmmm.
Mains were the cane sugar short rib with cheesy grits and tomatoes for me and the veggie curry for him. I snapped a picture of mine after eating a bit...I was excited to taste, it didn't disappoint. Didn't need a knife for the tender meat and the cheesy grits were excellent. Hubby's was good too. Very unexpected, the Indian flair served over grits. Vegetarians will enjoy this one. Dessert was the pound cake. The top was a crispy crunch with a rum pineapple topping served with a coconut ice cream. This pound cake deserves a trip just for dessert!
Would not think twice about returning on my next trip to New Orleans. Only problem I can see is the more people hear about 
Curio the harder it will be to get a table. Look forward to seeing any menu updates the next time, I do hope they keep the short rib as a staple.Visiting new Orleans for a birthday and stumbled upon curio for brunch with my girlfriends. What an awesome experience we had! First bottomless mimosas were fantastic as well as all the food. Maggie is the best server ever and filled our mimosas as soon as we were half way done. Very consistent and awesome service!!! 5 stars.++ Shakshuka - Excellent! The eggs were cooked perfectly.
++ Baked french toast - Excellent. Light syrup but tasted so good.
++ Coffee - pretty good!
++ Good Ambiance ! Friendly serviceVery tasty.. Destiny and her recommendations were the best! I don't live here, but I'll be back!We wandered in during lunchtime and had a great experience. The service was wonderful, we sat at the bar and the bartender could not have been more helpful.  We ordered gumbo and a po boy and had some fun cocktails. We will definitely be back.I came here for lunch today with 2 friends.  We got to the table upstairs we were the only ones up there.  The stemless wine glasses were on the table  2 had lipstick marks like no one even tried to clean them.  We ordered 2 appetizers. First the shrimp boulettes.  We had no shrimp the ranch dipping sauce tasted like yogurt and was runny.  We also order ed the grit tots.  Tots were okay the chili sauce that accompanied it did not go well at all.  We all ordered the ribeye with kale and salsa verde.  It was way too overpowering and just was not good.  The fries were good, but the garlic chunks could have been smaller.  We got the bill and we waited and waited.  We arrived at 11:30 and left at 1:05.  For 3 people and one gentleman was across the room by himself.  We all agreed that this was not a good experience. Very disappointed.Great new space that retains the classic NOLA vibe.  Our bartender made a fantastic Ramos gin fizz which happens to be our favorite drink of all time. Curio is a great addition to the quarter. *they also have TVs at the bar in case you need to watch some sports sans volume.Had a great time upstairs with John taking great care of us. For a newer place they really have their stuff together!Went out for Saturday brunch on our last day in NOLA. Stopped by some of the more established places - Jimmy J's, Fleur de Lis - which had hour plus waits. I hate waiting, and we had a flight to catch. Pretty much stumbled into this place - glad we did. Learned they've been open for a month. Since they were new and relatively unknown, there was no line. Food and service was very good - a wonderful send off for our visit to the Crescent City. I suspect there will be a line next time we visit.This is probably the best restaurant I've experienced in the French Quarter.  I had the redfish dish while my colleague ate the ribeye which were both perfectly presented and delicious!  Our server, Cristina, was exceptional and gave us excellent suggestions that satisfied our palate.  The desserts were just amazing too!
We were lucky to secure a table, maybe because it was a Monday night but my guess is that this place is hopping on other days of the week.Our dining experience was so much more than was expected. Our server Julian was so wonderful he made our experience so much greater but everyone on staff was so friendly! There aren't enough words to describe how wonderful our time wasTwo words: RUM CAKE
We came in without reservations on New Years day and was able to get a table without a problem. I do recommend making reservations because it stayed pretty packed the entire time. Also, parking can be difficult. There are two hotels right before the restaurant, where you can pay to park. The restaurant is divided upstairs and downstairs, if you have a preference let them know. 
Appetizers:
Chilled Blue Crab Claws - Chili-basil vinaigrette
Grit Tots - Roasted red pepper coulis
Steamed Whitewater Mussels - Coconut-chili broth with fennel salad
Entrees:
Coriander Blackened Red Fish - Lump crab salad, honey cream mustard greens
Vegetable Curry - House made yellow curry, vadouvan roasted cauliflower, popcorn rice, garbanzos, goat peppers
Seared Sea Scallops - Roman artichokes, swiss chard, kalameta olive butter, grana pando
Desserts
Rum Glazed Pound Cake - Coconut semifreddo, caramelized pineapple, cayenne caramel (YASSSSSSS)
Tres Leche Bread Pudding  - Strawberry and candied pecans
Let me break it down.
Appetizers
The chilled blue crab claws were not properly cleaned, lots of shells. The flavors could have been more prominent or more of the chili-basil vinaigrette. The grit tots were pretty tasty! I wished for more cheese, but overall it paired perfectly with the roasted red pepper coulis! Now, the steamed whitewater mussels were a big miss for me. The "coconut-chili broth" made the entire dish hard to eat, very overpowering. The broth was more like a sweet coconut cream, rather than a light broth. If you can imagine what a dreamicle taste like... this was it. 
Entrees
Yay, finally some wins! Surprisingly, the vegetable curry was my favorite of all the entrees. The rice was perfectly cooked and the added goat peppers (tasted pickled) were a nice touch. I loved the bed of mustard greens and the acidic from the roasted tomatoes. The fish itself was a bit over cooked, but still a great balance of flavors. The scallops portions were huge! There were three perfectly tender scallops on a bed of swiss chard topped with artichokes. 
Desserts
What I would come back for? THIS RUM GLAZED POUND CAKE! I can't explain how much I'm in love with this dessert. The pound cake itself had a nice crispy crust with a buttery moist center. The sweet from the caramelized pineapple and spicy from the cayenne were my favor combos! Oh, and don't forget the delicious coconut semifreddo that pulls everything together. I'd say I didn't taste much "rum" from the dessert, but I loved it regardless. The tres leche bread pudding was okay. I felt that the bread pudding itself was a bit condensed and the pecans weren't caramelized.
Next time, 
I would try the Candied Fried Pork Ribs! Oh, and our service was A plus amazing! Our server did a great job at explaining each dish and making sure we were fully accommodated. I would have to say an exceptional job! Such a great place to experience the "New Orleans" culture.Awesome everything! From the hosts and hostesses that greeted us smiles and hospitality to the awesome waitstaff that were super helpful and accommodating, this is a must visit. The salmon was unbelievable. Fresh and tasty. The ribs and crab claws were superb. Beer selection is on par with other restaurants in the FQ. Tasty Bloody Marys as well. We finished with the marshmallow topped brownie that chef Hayley toasted specifically for us. So fun.John Barry was a charming and welcoming guy as well as a great server. He continually showed great customer service during out time at Curio. He listened to our likes and dislikes and succesfully suggested us the candied pork ribs, steak and eggs, and bottomless mimosas. He was prompt and outgoing, making our visit a delight.
Maggie Hughes who was taking care of a multitude of tables on the balcony was also attentive to us as she passed by. She was friendly and hardworking, making sure our glasses were filled and that we were having a good time.
Both exhibitted great hospitality and care for their customers and their work ethic is excellent. The food was also as great as the service. 10/10 would recommend to any and all.From the bar to the food....this place is my new fave.  MUST tries:
Those fried grit dumplings (can't remember the name)...O MY !
Little balls of grits deep fried and served with a roasted red pepper sauce !  I already crave more !
Then the veggie curry.   So delish and creamy !  The veggies were cooked perfectly and the sauce was just spicy enough.  
Really you must try this restaurant.Great location, service, decor, and most importantly food! Awesome experience Saturday night after being turned down for being dressed up enough at other places. So glad since we ate the shrimp balls, duck gumbo, blackened shrimp, and roasted chicken. Each dish was great! Highly recommended to eat and explore some of the fun sites along royal street.I got the steak and eggs, kind of bland. I also asked for a side of plain grits and butter but I got them with cheese and chives.Great mixture of food and service. Would recommend for non fish/seafood people.  Will be back when in New Orleans.7:30 reservation received out meal at 9:00. Food was really good but there is no excuse for it taking this much time.A MUST-TRY WHEN YOU'RE IN NEW ORLEANS!! We ate here tonight due to the positive reviews and it being so close to our hotel, and let me just say- it did not disappoint. We came for an early dinner around 5:30 so there was no wait at all. We ordered the candied pork ribs, grit tots, and gumbo to start. All were so delicious!! The ribs melted off the bone and the grit tots were like hash browns on crack. The gumbo isn't your typical Cajun/Creole type, but I think I prefer it that way. It had a generous portion of pork and sausage, which is rare cuz I'm used to gumbo with not enough protein ;) For entrees, we got the beef short ribs and blackened red fish. We didn't think anything could top the appetizers we got, but we were wrong. Both dishes were to die for! We've been in NOLA for about a week and this was the best food we've had the entire trip- we let our server know this, so the chef even came out to thank us! Great place for date night. Highly recommend!!This is by far a place you want to go in New Orleans. They have great balcony dining and the food is amazing.  I have eaten at all of the major restaurants here and I would say this is the best all around meal I've ever had here. And the price was good. Service was great!!!We went for drinks and appetizers and had a lovely time at the bar. The cocktails were great and the tune and scallop carpaccio was outstanding!Wonderful evening. Great vibe. Delightful service. Sat outside on 2nd floor balcony. Space heaters made us cozy. Ashley (1st night as solo server) was outtasight! Food was delicious, yet not stereotypical NOLA. Ribeye steak was outstanding, and the catfish melted in the mouth. Had a Pacific NW flair. Morgan (I'll capo del tutti capi) made us feel special.  Do NOT miss this place. I will be back, as God is my witness.The food was fantastic! We came for brunch and all of our plates looked nice as well! Maggie, our server, was great! Bottomless mimosas were awesome and Maggie made sure to keep them coming! I would definitely recommend coming here and we will definitely be coming back again, for sure!Caught in a rainstorm we dashed in the door and sat at a table just down from the bar. This place is well lit, a bit noisy and a lot classy.  The food was special because it included different takes on staple meals and featured some creative dishes of their making. What a nice break!  I recommend it to anyone with an imagination.Based on the reviews of this place I was pretty pumped to visit but left feeling a little disappointed.  It is located right in the heart of the French Quarter so a great location and a SUPER cheery vibe - the ambiance is top notch in my opinion.  
We sat upstairs and they had a few TV's playing so if you are into sports, you would get your fix there, but they weren't the main focus which was nice.  The bloody mary's were pretty solid and they had a bottomless deal going on which, hey, why not?!
I ordered the Shakshuka which was interesting...definitely not a classic preparation, but not bad.  We ordered some type of fried cheese which was delicious.  The service and staff were great, I was just hoping for a bit more from the actual dishes prepared and menu.  None of us really loved what we had.  Maybe it's best to go for dinner vs. Brunch.Happened in for drinks before dinner at another establishment. The couple next to us was having the mussels and they looked so delicious that we went back the following evening for dinner. I had the short ribs and my husband had the scallops.....both were divine! Went back the day for lunch. I had a seat on the balcony. What a great way to end my stay in NOLA!The service was excellent. The decor was perfect. The price was very very high..... the food was worse than expected. Ordered the scallops and it seemed like it was just soaked in butter and coated with thick layer of salt. Other dishes seemed like meh.Super fish cakes.  Staff super.  We were repeat visitors during our short stay in New Orleans.Incredible food and service! Highly recommend this place. The wait staff made a wonderful veggie plate to sub out bread for my Gluten Free wife. The ribs are GF and amazing. A great experience!Amazing meal!!!  We all loved our food and was one of the best meals that we have had. Short ribs in grits was fantastic as was the salmon. The shrimp fritters were yummy. And the desserts were to die for. The staff was friendly and very attentive to all of our needs. Gave great recommendations.I came for dinner, was wonderful. I'm a manager for a Commander's Restaurant's and I was blown away by the personalized service Bronze behind the bar gave me. She was a great server being that I don't drink,  she helped me find my way through the menu which was delicious. I had the candied fried pork ribs and grit tots to start,  per her suggestion so yummy. The veggie curry for my entree was perfect and remined me of my food from my childhood,  the lemon curd for dessert was the cherry on top of the sundae. Loved everything about the place its chic and chill and the service was damn near perfect.We had a great lunch today !!! I highly recommend the Shrimp Reuben which was absolutely delicious :-) Friendly service with a lot of attention to customers! Very good experience overall !!!Another fantastic seafood location. 10/10 would recommend the scallop & tuna carpaccio, I only wish it came in a full size! Excellent cocktails, although a bit on the pricier side. The beef roast was tender & flavorful, and the sea scallops main dish was full of unique flavor.The balcony was great for people watching! Accommodating for large birthday parties. The bistro board, cheesy grits, ribeye and red fish were deliciousStopped here twice on our short trip to try and get their carpaccio again. It was amazing!  Bummed they were out next day.   Had a great bartender, Sarah.  Drinks were great!  Good beer options.Wonderful place. Cool interior decor and great outdoor seating on the wrap around balcony overlooking Royal Street. We came here for brunch on Saturday morning. Excellent service from the whole staff beginning with the hostess and everyone we encountered. Bre was our server and she was exceptional! Warm, friendly and very attentive.
I ordered the steak and eggs. Thinly shaved ribeye with a tasty salad that it comes with. Delicious! My buddy ordered the brunch burger. He's a big guy and a picky eater. He enjoyed it very much. 
Definitely a place to experience when visiting the French Quarter.About a block off of Bourbon Street with a great environment. Nicely decorated with cozy seating.
Food was pretty good with fair prices. The short ribs were delicious and came with unbelievable grits. The Smores dessert was delicious and we would have it again.Prior to attending a play, we chose 5 appetizers as our meal and were thoroughly impressed by the variety and exquisite flavors. WELL DONE!One of the best Restaurant close to Bourbon. Great Food, especially the Mussels and Short Rib. Service is awesome and so friendly.What a pleasant surprise! Beautifully subtle decor. Great brunch options for healthy and southern tastes. Bar is tasteful with modest sized screens. Gorgeous counter. Plug ins at stools and tables. Service was great. Thank you Breanna. Clean tables, silverware changed between courses. Best meal value for a 5 Star experience at a $$ price. I will return.From the reviews I was sure this was going to be an amazing meal but got disappointed. The carpaccio we ordered was very good. However, entrees came out after a lengthy wait. My friends ribeye was cold, chicken dish was ok but cold, my pasta was cold and just boring. It said it has duck, andoiulle sausage, parmesan and green peas... which it did but there was no kind of sauce. Dry Dry Dry. A cream sauce would have done wonders. The duck had no flavor,  well I take that back, It tasted like pork. The sausage tasted like a generic one from local grocers and the parmesan???? Was it supposed to be in the pile of bread crumbs on top? Which by the way made a Dry dish also crunchy and dry. The 2 stars is for the carpaccioNewer restaurant in French Quarter. Great location on corner with outdoor seating. Food is delicious. I had redfish that was cooked perfectly. The waitress was very knowledgeable about menu and made good recommendations. 
Anyone visiting New Orleans must come here.
Waitress Christy was wonderful and attentive. Loved her!We found a favorite drink here, the New York Sour, a mixture of Woodford Reserve, red wine, their house made sour mix and a twist of lemon peel. Really nice alternative to regular drinks. Grit tots were great and the charcuterie was edible. The service is just OK. Their is not a whole lot of personality going on in the 3 times we have stopped here.  Bar service is mainly want my complaint would be with. Table service was fine and personable. I would recommend that you give it a try.Unfortunately still needs to work out some kinks. Our waiter brought food we didn't even order because he kept half listening to our conversation when we weren't even talking to him. The water glasses were only partially being filled. Then were filled again but fully as we were trying to leave. Fortunately we are honest people because the waiter gave those of us who paid with cash the entire amount back instead of the change.
As far as food...it was good but not something I care to go back for.This restaurant has a modern look with a new American take on its menu. The service was efficient and friendly.Highly recommend!!!
It was getting late, about 8:45 pm., and the two of us weren't super hungry but thought we should eat since most places seem to close at 10 pm near us. (We shared our dishes and so my pictures are not reflective of an individual order.)
We looked up restaurants here on Yelp and this place had great reviews so we came.
They were empty downstairs when we arrived and it sort of caused us to wonder why. Maybe we made a mistake?
But there was no cause for concern. Downstairs has a bar as well but there is an upstairs, and it was packed up there.
There is one bathroom downstairs which is a single room but you can find a women's 3 stall bathroom upstairs. I have no clue how many stalls are in the men's bathroom, sorry.
The stairs look steep and I watched the waiters/waitresses climbing it with no problem. So when I went to the bathroom upstairs, those stairs were not as scary as I thought.
Our waitress Ashley was the epitome of what a really great waitress is. She was welcoming,
courteous, and professional with a smile. 
Had I owned a restaurant I would try to lure her away, honestly! Good waitresses with great customer service are hard to come by! 
We are new to eating Gumbo and have tried it at other places, but I really liked this one the best so far. We had the Roast Duck & Black-Eyed Pea Gumbo with Poche's Andouille and Popcorn Rice.
Then we had the Cane Syrup Glazed Beef Short Rib w/Creamy Cheddar Grits, Marinated Tomato, 
Smoked Fleur De Sel, and that just made my night! It was so good!!!  Comfort food yet modern!
I'm very glad we ate here and would come again.Fantastic cocktails and and curious blend of flavors. Really cute ambiance and amiable servers. We had a lovely dinner here before heading out for some jazz on a quite Tuesday night.The reason for the 2 review is for two reasons: 1) although Ashley was friendly, service was slooow and availability of menu items was disappointing and 2) the main reason is that I was disgusted that when we arrived at 630 for or reservation I went to the bathroom and there was no soap in the bathroom.  (When I walked in a server was by the sink washing her hands-  WETTING HANDS BECAUSE THERE WAS NO SOAP!). I walked out and let the servers in the station they were out of soap, they said they would take care of it.
My friend went in a bit later NO SOAP. (She also told a server) I went in after my meal (2 hours later) NO SOAP!  Told Our server Ashley- she said one dispenser worked the other didn't I walked her into the bathroom to show her there was in fact NO SOAP coming out...  I expressed my disgust...  did not see her walk back into the bathroom.
Three out of four planned on ordering the roasted duck-  they were out. One friend wanted an amaretto sour- no amaretto...  we all enjoyed the meal we ended up getting but over all disappointed with the experience!An excellent high quality no touristy option in a French bistro style. Excellent well made and priced cocktails. Well prepared tuna and scallops carpaccio to start with a well balanced citrus sauce but with a few too many scallions as a garnish. The entree was a winner with my best restaurant prepared red fish dish on a bed of creamy mustard greens; an absolute hit. A lot going on in the dish but it works!! Generous portion and well price for the quality.  The crab meat sprinkled on the top gave a unique balance to the dish. Service was friendly but not polished but should improve since it's only open for 3 weeks.The food was so good! Me and my friend ordered two crab claws, highly recommend! So delicious!Tried Curio for the first time to celebrate my parent's anniversary! Elegant interior and great service. We had the sea scallop, mountain chicken, beef short rib, and grilled salmon. They were pretty good, but not the best in town. They recently opened so have much potentials to do better!We chose Curio for my birthday and it turned out to be a wonderful experience. The location is perfect for those visiting the French Quarter and the interior is clean and eclectically modern. We had a table just off the bar, which has a great whiskey selection. But don't miss their specialty cocktail (name forgotten) made with ginger beer. Very tasty and slightly spicy. We had the shrimp boulettes for an appetizer which is a bit like a fritter. But the best appetizer was the tuna and scallop carpaccio.  I don't remember ever having raw scallop before and it was tender and with a light flavor. For the mains, we had vegetable curry and the beef short ribs. It was a yellow curry that had great flavor without over whelming the vegetables. The short rib was so tender it would have fallen off the bone had there been one. The cane glaze gave it a sweetness that was delectable. Dessert continued the win as we had the "Coffee and Donuts".  We wanted just a chocolate brownie with nothing else and the accommodated us by modifying the S'more dessert. The server was super friendly and made some great suggestions. We loved this place and will be back.The food was ok at best. Much better options in the city then the food here. The service was terrible. I would try another restaurant if you are traveling here from another city.This is what food should always taste like. We started with the black eyed pea hummus and crudités from the happy hour menu, which really hit the spot. For dinner I had the pan seared gulf fish with pecan butter sauce with charred kale and a side salad. It was so delightful. My daughter's rib eye was cooked to perfection and very flavorful with salsa verde. I recommend  Curio to all who appreciate really good food. The service was perfection.We live bed Curio. My friend is a big cocktail "snob" and was told this is a great place.  We really enjoyed it. We sat at the bar and sampled a few of their delicious cocktails made by our favorite new bartender, Sarah.  We also tried the grits balls..yum and the out of this world brownie dessert with graham cracker ice cream. The server comes out and torches marshmallow over the top. To die for!My new favorite restaurant in New Orleans, food and service was FANTASTIC, I had the salmon with farro and tres leches for dessert, I was wowed!!!can't wait to come back!!!!Great service. Excellent food. Thanks to Austin and Bronze for providing the Best service in NOLA. The owners are wonderful. Highly recommend Curio to enjoy great bar and food. The staff makes you feel warm and cozyHmmmm... not sure about 4.5 stars for us Arrived today and referred by our hotel, Monteleone. Beautiful outdoor atmosphere but service leaves something to be desired. Hostess was most attentive upon arrival but everything faded out after that. Waitress would take off mid-sentence. Said she'd bring me silverware and did not (I used my husband's knife to saw the po boy.) I explained that I thought my sandwich was dry and tasteless but server, Christina, did  not ask if I'd like to try something different or even pretend to be disappointed with me.
The pork po boy was really dry and tough to eat. My husband had shrimp Reuben which was okay but far from 4.5 stars. 
Too many places to try and doubt we will come back. Maybe a location thing?Great restaurants like Curio not only have tasty food and great cocktails, they also offer great service in a friendly atmosphere. 
Curio has become a destination for my wife and.  We have introduced Curio to all our friends and none has been disappointed.  
A very impressive restaurant in NOLA among giants.
They have main seating, second floor seating or balcony sating; 
This visit was over brunch!  Again just amazing!Great brunch menu with some traditional choices with local flavor and bottomless mimosas. Great interior and atmosphere and a great second story balcony eating area. Reasonable prices and good staff. Not over crowded like most local places.  Highly recommend.If I could only pick one restaurant to dine at for a week in the french quarter, it would be this one!!!!!!!!
Not only is the food superb, drinks are very tasty, the staff all very friendly and professional. Ours was  Shelly...... our delicioso ribs were SO VERY GOOD, we ordered it twice! Very comfortable relaxing environment!Had reservations for a Tuesday night, but they weren't necessary as the place was pretty quiet. He had the coriander crusted red fish and I had the short rib. Both were spot on! Portions looked small, but the food was rich and filling. We didn't even have room for dessert! Check this place out if you're looking for a slightly more upscale experience in the FQ.It all started with great service from Christie and continued from there. The tater tots grits were a nice start. I had the salmon and Kevin had the curry. We loved this place!New restaurant, friendly staff, great when you're out with friends, variety of cocktails, small portions of food if that's what you're looking for, good serviceArrived in NOLA on Fat Tuesday. After wheeling my luggage 4 blocks, not as bad as you might think, and dropping my luggage off to the hotel I found myself in front of Curio again. Since it was brunch time and I was hungry on EST we managed a table in the window to watch the interesting going ons during Mardi Gras. This was more of a burger and curio breakfast split with hubby. LOVED the cheesy grits, hubby got none;) The burger was good and egg and sausage was cooked perfectly for me. Only thing I wasn't thrilled with was their take on king cake. Should have skipped it and had another drink. (Hence 4 not 5 stars)That said I still find Curio to be a very dependable go to. Be back next trip and have those short ribs which I see are still on the menu!Excellent place to have a glass of wine with friends. Try the blue crab claws, they are amazing. It's a beautiful place with excellent service and delicious food.Came here after a long day of walking around the French Quarter and really enjoyed my meal. I combined a few small plates and feel free to ask for modifications as this with most restaurants in NOLA they're not super vegetarian friendly. The sides on the chicken dish were very tasty! I have always been looking for pea puree on a menu since hearing it be very hyped up on one particular episode of Top Chef.  This one did not disappoint from the consistency to the flavor it was very good, the mushrooms and potatoes that came with the entree were also delicious.  One thing that I was looking forward to trying where the grit tots but they were out so I guess that speaks to how good they were.  The website led me to believe that the restaurant was a little bit more upscale than it was but at least in the downstairs area it had a more casual vibe, I did see some people going upstairs that seems significantly more dressed up but didn't make my way there so I can't really speak on that.  We also had the bread pudding which I must say was a little bit disappointing so I wouldn't recommend, it was tiny and fairly dry.  The cocktails were pretty good and the service was excellent.  Our waitress was constantly checking in to make sure everything was to our liking. She was also very nice and patient when it came to offering recommendations and guiding us through what was most popular among other diners.  With so many great options in New Orleans, Curio does a decent job of holding its own.Went for Saturday evening out in the Quarter. Made reservation for 2. We were seated at the back near the prep area. When we asked about sitting upstairs, we were told it was closed. But 10 minutes later, they were seating up there. We checked it out upstairs with the wait staff--they said it is never closed--someone made a mistake. ??
The meal was very good. Mussels delicious. Salmon well prepared. Environment downstairs very noisy. Wish we had been seated upstairs as requested.We stopped  in on a whim. Everything we ordered was amazing especially the watermelon tomato gazpacho! Oh and the bottomless sparkling rose...Ashley was an amazing server. Go check this place out you won't regret it. They are trying hard and you can tell.Absolutely love this place. My friends and I went to New Orleans from Orlando FL on a bachelor trip. We decided to try Curio. The bar was clean and there was no line. We loved it. We ended up going back two more times during our trip. The staff was great, even lend us an iphone cable to charge our phone. The bartender was friendly and we got to know her a bit. She asked where we were from and when we said of Puerto Rican decent, she bought us a round of their "Banshee" drink. It is Jameson, ginger syrup and egg white. I highly recommend this place. By the way, if any of the staff read this, the recipe of that drink would be awesome to have. Just saying.Went there on a recommendation from a friend. Seated at 7:35. Didn't see our server until 8. Food was just ok. My chicken dish was mostly potatoes with a few pieces of over cooked chicken. Server didn't refill water glasses until requested. At best an average experience.We went for breakfast and it was fabulous. The waiter Marion could not have provided better service. The beignets were delicious . The French toast using French bread was excellent. Highly recommend it to anyone. We will be back tomorrowBrunch was delicious! Destiney, our server, was super accommodating and sweet. Our table of 4 enjoyed the crab claws, tots, salmon and steak and eggs. We also shared the ribs- highly recommended. The restaurant was beautiful, clean and had nice art from a local artist. Will be sure to come back!We went for Christmas dinner. The place has a lovely tile floor and a nice bar but there are  too many TVs everywhere. It took the place a step down from being a serious culinary experience. The service was slow--- we waited 50 minutes for our appetizers and our drinks took forever to come out. Seeing how it was really crowded with  Christmas diners and the waiter said he had been working all day, I could almost give the service a pass. But the food was really mediocre. The black pea gumbo had no black peas but loads of salt. The grit tots and the fennel crab bisque were fine though nothing special. For entrees, the Muscovy duck confit was good. The "blackened" red fish with crabmeat salad was just grilled red fish with some crab tossed on top though the honeyed mustard greens were excellent. The rib eye was average; the fries that came with them were cold and tasteless. The beef short ribs were also average. Desserts were good but at this point, the meal was already completely disappointing. With all the great restaurants here, this is not a place I would go back to.  Still, we left a nice tip because it is Christmas and the poor waiter seemed overwhelmed.This place was recommended to me by a local bartender. Looks more like a bar than restaurant but nothing wrong with that. Good music playing and a fun crowd. I will say I went in the evening so ambience could be different earlier in the day. Food is good. Would think it should be a few bucks less but nothing too expensive. Service is excellent here and everyone smiling. I had the cane syrup glazed beef short rib. Very sweet and very salty in some bites. Sits over creamy grits and the marinated tomatoes are delicious. Overall good experience. I wouldn't say a must visit but definitely should consider itLove this place! I had the ribs starter and fried Tabasco red fish. Superb! And the service was excellent. Definitely coming back for more!Stopped in for dinner, and what an amazing surprise. After four days of very good meals in the French Quarter, this was hands down the best of the week. Newly opened, we didn't know what we were getting into. I ordered the Cane Syrup Glazed Beef Short Ribs. It was extremely tender and a great flavor, but the meal was made by the grits it was served on. Smooth, sweet and the most unique flavor that I've had. My wife had the Seared Ahi Tuna salad. It was definitely sushi grade tuna, and cooked to perfection. Also highly recommend the Hurricane...not the sugary crap you find on Bourbon Street but real fruit and real flavor. I only wish we had found this spot earlier in the week!Came here with a co-worker while we were in town for a conference and was looking for a place that serves cajun/creole dishes while also having something vegetarian for me - this was perfect.
The vegetarian curry was delicious. It has an Indian masala flavor with peanuts, chick peas, and various other vegetables in a creamy tumeric sauce. The service was prompt and friendly. I'll definitely keep Curio on my list for the next time I'm in NOLA.Had my first lunch in New Orleans here. It was early so the place was pretty quiet.  The atmosphere is fancy and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. I had the Panéed Pork Po Boy combo with crawfish bisque.  The sandwich was so light and tasty.  The soup was very good, even on a hot day.Rolled up to the bar. Was served by Austin. He was amazing in all recs drinks and NOLA. Because of him I spontaneously bought a poison ring. They allowed happy hour for the weekend and for that reason I am forever gratefulReally really good food. Slightly small portions which is why I didn't give it 5 stars but my beef and mashed potatoes were amazing.Service was a bit spotty.  We were seated on the balcony which was great but then they forgot us. The mussels were great, but a spoon would be nice to get the broth when the mussels were gone.  Our fish arrived cold.  Both orders.  We returned them and they sent them to the salamander for heating which to me was like reheating leftovers.  If it was cooked to perfection then reheating it made it over done.  That would be ok at a dinner but not at a good restaurant.  We both felt the fish was a bit salty but had a good flovor.
Had the smores but they do t do caramel on top and the pound cake wasn't run but was good.This place is amazing. It was a nice, affordable place, that is a bit less heavy than a lot of the traditional Southern restaurants around Bourbon Street.
For lunch, we were waited on by Kevchelle, who was delightful. She recommended the Candied Fried Pork Ribs, and told us we would love them.
We both wanted something lighter, so we got:
-- The Sweet and Spicy Pickled Shrimp Salad. We were assured that the "grilled romaine" was something special and it definitely was. The basil dressing is light and really enhances the dish rather than drown the lettuce out. Neither the sweetness nor the spiciness of the shrimp is overpowering and this dish is really something original and delicious. Highly recommended.
-- The Grilled Shrimp Horiatiki Salad was a bit less original, but a very well executed salad, with small bites of lettuce, not too much dressing, and very good shrimp.
It was so good that I decided to come back with a large group for dinner. We were waited on / delighted by Christy, who was excellent at taking care of us, chatting, while never intruding on our group. (This was a conference and the dinner was a work event.)
We ordered a selection of entrées and I think everybody was happy with what they got. I followed the earlier advice of the Candied Fried Pork Ribs, and even though I would not eat these regularly, they were indeed decadently delicious. I had the Vegetable Curry and it was nice, though perhaps a bit less refined than the dishes my colleagues had (I sampled and found the Scallops delicious).
I think this is really a terrific restaurant. I found it near the end of my stay, if I had found it earlier, I would have visited a few more times.
Oh--I regret not ordering my own S'mores Double Fudge Brownie, and pretending like a single bite from my neighbor would suffice...Came here for breakfast as it was close to our hotel. Good service, good food, and good selection. 
The catfish I got was seasoned, breaded and cooked perfectly. Kids got French Toast and devoured it. The cheddar grits were a hit as well. Bacon was crispy!
Would return for sure.Great experience, great environment, awesome food, s'mores brownie was a little piece of heaven.Just stopped in for a drink, but a nice welcome  reprieve from the death smell emeinating from Bourbon St.  Come in and stay a while.An absolutely amazing meal and service.  I'm gluten free and it has been difficult to find knowledgeable staff and food I can eat on this trip.  I talked to the hostess at the door and she said they could easily modify for me if needed. I sat at the bar and had the most delightful bartender named Bronzetta.  She walked me through the menu and gave me her recommendations when I needed help deciding.  She was spot on with everything and the couple that sat next to me ordered everything they saw me eat.  This was the only hurricane I drank on the trip and it was so refreshing and fresh!  I had the chilled crab claws as an appetizer, the red fish with crab and mustard greens as an entree and the lemon curd ice cream.  Every bite of my meal was flavorful, fresh and simply amazing.  The level of service, the food, the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff made for my favorite meal in New Orleans.THE BEST COCKTAILS EVER! Hands down!! I came here for drinks and to get away from Bourbon partying and was glad I did! Holy cow I loved the drinks here! They're hurricanes were awesome as well as they're pappas old fashioned. I think thats what its called. Its made with chocolate bitters if you can believe that and its honestly gives so much flavor to the iconic drink. It impressed my taste buds to the point that I went and bought chocolate bitters from Amazon so I can reproduce it at home. (don't laugh, you'll do it too when you go)...so Go! You will be impressed!I have had reservations for 2 weeks on open table.  I also called prior to ask for a table on the patio.  It was not written down though.  It did not really matter as the patio was empty as was the restaurant.  We were greeted by several hostesses and the head hostess asked another to seat us.  She takes us up the stairs and sits us at the first table.  I ask to move to a different table on the patio and she says no because apparently everything is reserved even though we have a reservation and the patio is mostly empty at 7:30 pm. She finally sits us at the next table over on the patio not the one we wanted.  Our friendly waiter Logan introduces himself and notices that we are eyeing the next table over that has a breeze and a view.  He accommodated us with the table and immediately after he gets berated by the hostess (right in front of us).  To make a long story short, didn't get to try the food as her unprofessionalism put a damper on the night and we left.  Too many options out there to sit through that and feel uncomfortable the rest of the night.First dinner in New Orleans and it did not disappoint! Great cocktails and a very good curry vegetarian dish ! I can't remember what my husband had, but he said it was one of his favorite meals our entire trip.Fabulous! I got the redfish and my husband got the chicken and they were both unbelievably good. Perfect balance of flavors. Highly recommend!The food and the drinks are exceptional but I cannot give it a five.
I was really excited to try this restaurant because it said it was Italian and when got the menu nothing is Italian it's American cuisine  , Cajun New Orleans cuisine.Such a great experience ! Exceptional service and lovely balcony seating. The jambalaya was the best I've had in NOLA yet! The crab claws were out of this world. We were bummed we were just here for appetizers but we will be back for dinner during this trip. Also the passion hurricane topped off the experience, scrumptious!This place gave us a break from southern & Cajun food after days of similar food. We were a little concerned when we walked in because there was no other customers except for waiters and waitresses. Earlier we were even rejected by another restaurant cuz they were fully booked. So, this emptiness was unexpected. However, this place impressed us by starters first. Then, entrees came and they were great as well. And considering their relatively fare prices, the food here should worth another star.
If you are tired of southern food like us. Try this place and don't be pushed away if you are not seeing anyone else in here.This place was awesome. Lovely environment for adults. The wine and drinks are very nice. The food was well prepared and out quick. I will be back with my wife.Great place for dinner! The food was great , service was top notch. This is a must see place in NOLA. The portions are great, fresh with great explanation of how things are made. Get the desserts! You will be glad you did!I come to New Orleans frequently on business and we tried this place for the the first time.   It is Excellent!!   Food was outstanding and our server Christy was great!  She was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed to make our experience five star!    Clean and great atmosphere, not too loud so we could talk.  We definitely will make this a regular dinner stop on future trips to NO.Open only two weeks and we loved it! From Canada and never has chilled blue crab claws which were primo. My husband had the short ribs and I had the blackened redfish. The Manager  suggested the bread pudding which was great as well. Beautiful meal, thanks!New Orleans modern cultural cuisine at its best. The short bras ribs over cheesy grits where to die for. Siding outside above Royal Street with the bands walking by where a plus. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable in menu items. Gumbo is pretty also!Popped in for Happy Hour... Enjoyed a delicious Hurricane, very classy, served in a large wine glass. (Even the beer is served in a tall, classy beer stein). Had the Jalapeno-ginger shrimp appetizer too... Description is a little misleading, it's all cooked together and served on toast... But man, it's super tasty! (Quite gingery though, so if that's not your thing, avoid it... Not spicy).Would highly recommend this place. Staff are young, cute and friendly too!I went to this place with my friends. We didn't know what to expect. The place is bright. At first we ordered the appetizer of grazed ribs. They were 3 ribs which were not very meaty but so good. I usually don't eat a lot of spicy stuff but they were so good. They were sweet and spicy. However, I don't think I would have this as my only meal. We then decided to stay and ordered a tuna sushi grade. It was amazing! Our palate wanted more from this place. That's when we decided to order two other plates; chicken and a fish plate. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. They also had good wine. Our server was very nice and seemed overly excited to know we liked the food. That was odd but we left full and happy. Good place!So we were staying across the street at Hotel Monteleon and needed a place to eat. Used google and this place had pretty good reviews so we decided to try it. First off, the restaurant wasn't that busy but yet they sat us between two people who were dining solo. Service was ok- not great but not wow either. My wife had biscuits with bacon gravy and I had burger. Burger was good-juicy and flavorful. Though they didn't have mayonnaise for my fries. The reason I'm rating this 2 stars is because of the biscuit. First off- bacon gravy was ho him- should've had more flavor and dang bacon. The biscuit itself wasn't very fluffy- in fact the bottom part couldn't be cut with a fork. I may come here in a pinch but I would never come here when there's many other choices.OMG... this place is heaven!! A must do while in NOLA! The decor of fresh and posh while still keeping true to the French NOLA feel. The menu is the best of both worlds with, "just right" portion size. I promise you won't be disappointed. The Gumbo and soooo good!!!!I really wanted to like this place since they had some many great reviews. But, I didn't have a good experience.  To the owners- staff can make or break your business.  And where were you?  A small newly opened business should have the owner present at peak hours.  
My experience:  came in at 6 pm on a Monday.  Not the busiest time but this is a tourist hub and the town is busy.  I had to wait for the hostess to acknowledge me because she was chatting. She was nice but not focused on her job.  Next, upon sitting the waiter asked if I wanted still or sparkling water.  I chose sparkling.  He left and a few minutes later another waitress came over and told me they were out of sparkling water.  Out of stock item #1.
I told her fine, give me flat and I asked for a class of Cava. She looked perplexed and said "kava kava"?  Now I'm confused.  No, cava.  The sparkling Spanish wine on the menu.  She said to me, I should jut say Cava to the bartender? Yes.
Off she goes and the original waiter comes back.  I ask if there are any specials.  Now he looks perplexed.  He said you mean special prices?  And refers me to the happy hour menu.  Never mind.  I ordered an appetizer and the chicken.
He goes off and comes back.  They are out of chicken.  I ask, how are you out of chicken( regular old chicken!) when you are just starting dinner service??? Out of stock #2.  I settle for just appetizers.
I had the grit tots, which weren't great.  But the ribs and gumbo were really good.  Dessert?  Why not?  Ordered the donuts. 
A few minutes later, the manager comes over.  Guess what?  They are out of donuts!  It gets better though.  As he is explaining to me, he suddenly grabs MY napkin off the table and walks off.  He returns to tell me he had to sneeze and then offers me other desserts.  No thanks.  I'm done.
Owner- bring them all in on a Sunday morning and go Gordon Ramsey all over them.  They need to learn the menu, etiquette and how to properly stock.  There is such potential here.  Good location, good menu ideas just some work needs to be done.I visited this place twice on my trip. The first time was for brunch and everyone was happy with their meal and I thought it was ok. We came back again because everyone's meal was so good (someone got the gumbo and I had to come back for more after I tried theirs). I got the southern breakfast. The other people at my table got the French toast, steak and eggs and  the breakfast burger. The next night we came for dinner and everything again was delicious except my gumbo. I got the salad, gumbo and the ribs. The gumbo was overly salty tonight. I have the worst luck with food. The staff is AMAZING! the servicers are courteous and fast. The bread pudding was the best I have had in New OrleansAMAZING SERVICE, FOOD & ATMOSPHERE. 
Our server Matthew was super amazing and fun. The managers were also super attentive and accommodating. 
Highly recommend if your interested in a good time :).Sort of stumbled our way into Curio for brunch on Sunday while walking around searching for a spot.  Great decor - clean, inviting, well-done.  Sat at the bar on the first level, while they do have a nice upstairs and balcony seating as well.  Bartender was friendly and provided good suggestions on the menu (even allowing us to slightly tweak an order).  Bottomless bloody mary's for $14 are tough to beat, especially when the Bloody Mary is maybe the best I've ever had.  The right blend of spices, plenty of toppings, and right, light consistency of the drink.  
Started with the Grit Tots, which were unique, warm, and fluffy.  The red coulis sauce accompanying them played perfectly with the tots.  For main course, had the steak and eggs.  Did not love the ciabatta bread with them, and the steak was fine, nothing special.  Eggs were cooked overmedium as requested and the sauce and greens were good.  Overall, nothing special on the entree.  Wife had the veggie flatbread type dish.  This foccacia bread was much better and the veggies were tasty.  This is the dish we asked to add an egg on, and without the egg the dish would not have been as tasty.  
Definitely recommend for the brunch drinks and appetizers.  Would certainly return.Great new restaurant a block off of Bourbon. We stumbled upon the place after deciding that waiting 2 hrs to get a seat at Ruby Slipper during brunch hours was not worth it. We had the Curio Breakfast and the Burger. The burger was huge and the bun tasted freshly baked. If you are unsure about a fried egg on your burger, put that fear aside go for it!! Trust me, it's worth every single calorie of deliciousness. The grits are also pretty awesome but be warned that they are spicy. Great service from Jessica! We will definitely return to try their dinner menu. It was so nice to find a delicious place to eat that does not fall into the category of bland or overly salty tourist traps. We are locals and tend to avoid the traditionally popular places in the French Quarter.I love a good cocktail. An old fashioned is my go to drink. But, while in NOLA, I knew the Sazerac is the old fashioned of the area so I set out to find the best. I had them at least 5 other places before Curio and a couple more after. I can honestly tell you the bartender who took care of my wife and me made the BEST Sazerac I've ever had! I really wish I was hungry because the entire menu looks amazing. The only thing we ordered was the Chilled Blue Crab Claws and we were REALLy glad we did! Sweet, fresh, and flavorful, I'm looking forward to the next time I visit!This place is just amazing, no matter what time of day.
This trip we did brunch with the family.
The service, the drinks and the food was just wild.  
We sat on the balcony overlooking the Quarter; amazing!
As always, the food is always tasty, well done, creative and delicious..
One of y favorite spots in the French Quarter.Southern hospitality at its finest. Food was delicious. And the bottomless mimosas were nothing but....I would definitely come back!Was told when we sat down the they had opened three weeks ago. The service was nice, and the food was very good. We ordered the sushi grade tuna & sea scallops carpaccio for an appetizer, the pan roasted (drum) gulf dish for the main entree and their S'Mores Brownie Pie for dessert. Everything was very tasty. The marshmallow for the dessert was toasted right at your table!
By the way, although it says dressy as the dress code in Yelp, my husband wore really nice jeans and some patron wore shorts.  Do not let it be a reason for you to not give this place a chance. Highly recommended!Brunch is amazing!! First time here love it. Fried grits are to die for. And the short ribs.Delightful new restaurant steps from our hotel. Gallery dining was refreshing and breezy. The wait staff, particularly Ashley, was attentive and knowledgeable. Our meal, well, was just sumptuous. We shared an appetizer of candied fried pork ribs which were fall-off-the-bone tender but yet had a slightly crispy crust. My friend had pan-roasted Gulf fish over sauteed greens and garlic rice. My choice was the grilled salmon over a farro heirloom tomato salad with a lemon shallot vinaigrette. Outstanding! To finish it off we shared a cafe au lait creme brulee with beignets on the side. Yay!I sat at the bar for a cocktail and some snacks. The food was really good. The mussels were in a fantastic broth - I checked the menu to see if I could order fries to literally soak up as much broth as possible! The crab claws were equally good and were surprisingly large. Enjoyed the ribs as well! Will definitely be back and will order dinner as well.Food was mediocre -nothing special. Fish dishes were fair. Grit cubed appetizers were good as was scallop and tuna appetizer. Service was ok. Noise level is terrible.I have a problem. 
We went to NOLA two weekends ago and I had a Bloody Mary at Curio and it was the best d*** Bloody Mary I've ever had and I can't stop thinking about it. 
The mix was perfect. Thick and savory, the bartender shared they make it in house, with chili paste. 
Please go order one. Well, order two, or maybe a 4th Ward or Cocktail Coronado or Banshee. I'm not going to tell you what to drink. 
But I will say you screwed up if you didn't have a Bloody Mary here.Stoped here for lunch on a whim.  Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  The cocktails were lovely.  The food delicious.  And our waitress was so nice to my grouchy 12 year old daughter.  If our hotel wasn't so far away I would be back here to sit at the bar to try all the cocktails!We stopped by at Curio for lunch after walking through Bourbon street and French quarter. We ordered the burger for lunch; although they have a lot of interesting sandwiches and dishes, I didn't want to take a risk. Burgers were perfect and the customer service was delightful.Charming restaurant in a great French Quarter location. Went for brunch and highly recommend it. $14 bottomless Bloody Mary's was a great deal and all our food was delicious. The Candied Fried Pork Ribs was our favorite appetizer and the Steak and Eggs, Biscuits and Gravy, and the Omelette were all hit entrees.We came here for brunch with a group of 9 girls, we called 10 minutes ahead and the hostess had a table ready for us! The restaurant is adorable and the food was amazing! Our server Gerard was great at giving suggestions and accommodated us with a smile on his face! All of the appetizers and entrees were delicious! We basically tried a little bit of everything. This place is a must try, I will definitely come back!Curio is gorgeous on the inside and the outside, as far as restaurants go; that is really where I stopped being dazzled. The large big screen TVs mounted all around really take away from the ambiance the building decor is trying to create. I could look past this (the "am-I-a-sports-bar-or-am-I-a-French-Quarter-bistro?" question the restaurant seems to be asking itself) if the food was any good; alas, it was just okay. 
I am thinking the rave reviews for the fare are primarily from folks not from NOLA who haven't gotten wind of other, better places to eat. After ordering from battered paper menus, the food arrived. Minuscule portion of carpaccio for the price; my duck gumbo had a limited flavor profile that consisted of simply "salt" and "spice", nothing else. The popcorn rice that accompanied it was very undercooked, and I eventually had to pick it all out and turn the remainder of the soup over to my husband, since I had lost interest in getting grains of what felt like sand out of my teeth while trying to eat. Entree of salmon was nothing special; my husband's pasta wasn't anything to write home about. 
The huge reason I absolutely vow I will not return is simply, the noise level was incredible. I mean, I've been to rock concerts that left my ears ringing less than Curio did. We were seated upstairs; soon after we began our meal, a table of ~30 was set up next to us. This was in an already jam-packed dining room, and these folks were heeeere toooo partaaaay. Ensue screaming across the table type of dinner neighbors; no thanks. To add insult to injury, at the back of the room, somehow someone thought it was a good idea to jam another party of ~10 people. How! How could that many people even fit comfortably in there?! I began to feel uneasy and as soon as we could get the check, we bolted out of there so fast. The noise level on Royal was a welcome respite.This place is amazingly delicious. The mussels and fennel were perfect - especially the coconut broth! The grits tots were perfectly made with the sauce giving a perfect kick. The French Toast was a perfect way to wrap up our brunch. The berries were so fresh! Although we didn't have any, they also have some bottomless alcoholic drinks for brunch. Our waitress Destiney was so kind and even gave us some recommendations. Will come again!I actually expected more from this place.  I read all the reviews and going into it I was super excited, but maybe I hyped it up too much that it didn't turn out as amazing as I had hoped.  The drinks on the other hand were certainly delicious and I would go back for that, but the food was only good.  We had a variety of dishes that were available, but some of the sauces were not as appealing.  The ambiance is loud inside because there are so many people that come here.  They even have a second story level that you can dine at as well and the spacing was good.  The bathrooms are clean and nice.  There is the option of sitting outside on the second level but when I went it was a little too chilly, so it was much preferred to stay indoors.  Overall, I was not super impressed and don't know if I would go back for food.  I would probably go back for drinks!Subtle but amazing flavors that pair perfectly with the mostly seafood menu. 
Gumbo was a great way to start the email, but easily surpassed by the fried pork ribs which are a must order. Huge Asian influence on these, the sweet almost caramel like sauce was almost plate licking worthy.
The coriander blackened redfish was a great dish. The fish was light but it was overly blackened making it pair well and not be overwhelming.  The honey mustard greens were not only a great play on words but a new presentation of greens that I will not soon forget, stunning. Lump crab was just decadent to finish. I would come back for this dish.  The salmon was solid but boring, I would skip next time.
Service was nice but incredibly slow. Drinks sat for long periods of time despite the bar getting them out quickly.  The drinks were average overall and needs an upgrade.
I highly recommend for a great meal that isn't NOLA heavy.Nice place that just opened two weeks ago, restaurants nice, food quality is good, however delivered a little cold.
Taste was very good, service was also excellent, Chris the manager/owner took care of itVisited Curio for lunch on my way out of town. I was looking for something lighter, but still featured the flavors of New Orleans.  Curio hit the mark on both counts.  We tried a variety of appetizers.  The mussels and fried grit puffs were standouts.  For an entire, the grilled romaine salad with pickled shrimp was bright and filling.  Service was attentive and quick (especially for NOLA).  Would definitely recommend.Strange! They charged us for water without asking us first. Just water! They brought a bourbon and coke 'up' in a martini glass with no ice. The greens that came with the fish tasted like they had Mrs. Butterworth's poured over them. 
I will say that the crab claws and the tuna and scallop carpaccio were both very good.I have never had Gumbo before so I have nothing to compare it to.  But after eating there Gumbo I hope everyone's gumbo tastes as good.  Extremely friendly and inviting atmosphere.  We sat at the bar had a few drinks watched the game and ate a great meal.  I even had to get a second bow of gumbo I was so impressed.  I would definitely recommend giving Curio a try