We definitely loved their Food. We ate there 2 times. We tried several things, my sister is vegetarian and she ordered the poblano and nopal (cactus) tacos, we also ordered tacos al Pastor and tongue, everything was soooo good, that we were craving it and had to come back. This time we ordered the Guacamole tropical and the Tuna Ceviche, this Ceviche was the BOMB, very good!! We also had the tacos but this time we ordered less because  they are not the regular little tacos, they are well serve. Let's no forget the Horchata, it's homemade not like most of the restaurants, delicious. We definitely recommend this restaurant if you really want authentic Mexican food in the French Quarter. Thanks to Morgan for a great serviceI regret that I have but one mouth to stuff with these tacos. We have eaten there 3 times in 4 days. All corn tortillas so gluten is not an issueThe food was really good but the extremely bad service quickly negated that! The server ignored us other than just taking our order and bringing our food. We even had to request a refill of water! She did not stop back to make sure we got what we ordered. We actually had to flag her down to let her know the food was not as ordered. Then to top it off, when we got our bill it included a 20 percent gratuity for a party of two...I've never heard of a place that adds a tip for anything other than larger parties. If you can tolerate the bad service go for the good food. Otherwise spare yourself. Good thing we weren't planning to order more margaritas  since we never really had the chance.Decided to try this place on our last day of being in NOLA, wanted to try something different besides local dishes.  We ordered Mole Enchiladas, Queso Fundido, Taco Sampler and the Quesadilla.  The food was delicious!  Giving them 3 stars because the service was HORRIBLE!! The waitress was very unfriendly and cold.  Took her forever to take our order and once the order was placed we waited 1 1/2 for our food  and when it came out some of the order was incorrect and it was not brought out all at once.  We had to remind the waitress that some of the order was missing. The waitress response to one of the orders being incorrect was "oh the kitchen added onions because they forgot you asked for no onions, you mean you don't want the tacos like that". Any other place would have taken the plate away and replaced with the correct order. Knowing it was Mari Gras weekend they should have been prepared with extra staff.. This establishment automatically adds 20% gratuity to the bill.  I don't mind paying 20%, in this case the service provided did not warrant the 20% gratuity added to the bill.  This place needs to improve on the service they provide to their customers by either hiring extra servers or hiring servers who are more customer oriented.Nice atmosphere, good music.  Not sure if understaffed tonight but 2 waitresses running around like crazy.  Ordered shrimp cocktail and it came out with no avocado.  Had I known this bit of information prior to ordering I would have passed. Asked waitress she apologized by saying they were out of avocado, rice and barbacoa. Wouldn't recommend shrimp cocktail but the tacos were delicious!  Michelada's are great here too.Delightful Queso Fundido, and once again I was wowed by the staff going over and above. The woman behind the bar doubled as the waitress, and did a phenomenal job. Additionally, I accidentally left an expensive keepsake there in a shopping bag and when I called, she had not only saved it, but met me at the door with it. Their staff is wonderful!Very great authentic tortilla soup!!! Must try!!! The tour da Mexico is also a must Try!!! OMGWe came in for drinks and lunch and there was only one other table in the resturant and we waited 50 minutes after ordering drinks for them to come out.
The waitress/bartender (there was only one on staff on a Saturday) continued to make drinks for people that walked in before making ours. 
Our food was ready before we even got our drinks and then the drinks came out one by one. 
The food was good but the service was not.
I don't blame the waitress they should have more staff on a Saturday. 
The margaritas were wonderful once they came out.It took an hour and a half to get our food and we came at 6:15. The server/bartender when asked about getting sour cream and he said a tube of it would be a dollar. I said to him after we had to wait and hour and a half for food, he said yes. "It's made fresh. This isn't Taco Bell." Food wasn't out of this park great. Bartender never asked us if we needed anything else or asked if we wanted another drink. Horrific experience with him.Weird service. Food mediocre. After waiting for about 30 minutes our waitress came to tell us half our orders could not be fulfilled cos  they were out of that dish.  It took us three times to ask for chips. At the end the waitress proudly told is that we weren't charged for the food we didn't get. The food looked attractive but taste wise rather disappointing.We came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.The best Mexican restaurant I've ever tried! Amazing Margaritas!! Surely the only cook to order restaurant in the French Quarter. Great job!Attractive decor and food, but need to work on the recipes. Enfrijoladas are my favorite dish elsewhere, but I couldn't finish one of these (on an $18 plate of three). My dining companion had similar experience with his entree. I'd like to see this place succeed, as the authentic nature of the dish selection is evident; but authentic fails with poorly prepared recipes. Good luck. I gave two stars because the guacamole was very good.Good tacos, nachos, avocado, salsa, and crispy chips.  Flavors were similar to street tacos found in south Texas. Will definitely be back! Shrimp and Carne Asada Tacos were amazing.Legit bomb af! Massive nachos that were amazing, definetely two or more can share. Queso fundido was epic! Great service. Would totally recommend.Awesome find in the french quarter! Delicious and super authentic, reminded me a lot of when I used to live in Mexico City. Can't recommend this place enough, especially the chicken tinga and the enfrijoladas. And don't sleep on the homemade tortilla chips!I ordered the mix & match tacos. Let me tell you!!!! They give you so much meat & it's so damn flavorful. mhmm mhmm tasty. It also wasn't crowded which I appreciated.We arrived late in the day and left our hotel in search of groom.  This tiny place was wonderful - house made horchata and chips, sizzling quest fundido and the guacamole was excellent.I had first noticed this place while at the Erin Rose  just down the street. You know how we make a mental note to check out a new restaurant and recall it when the mood for that pops up for whatever reason. There are times when a margarita and some Mexican food seems like the way to go. We have a fair amount of Mexican restaurants here in New Orleans, but noting stands out. 
I was there on a Thursday about 8:30 and the place was empty. Nice little bit of ambience, comfortable if nothing memorable.I decided to sit at the bar as nobody was at any of the tables.  The staff seemed aloof, and not really engaged. Nobody greeted me, or said hello. There was no explanation of the menu, no chit chat...nothing at all. I ordered a Margarita and a taco plate with three tacos. No tortilla chips or salsa was offered to me with my drink, which is pretty standard in Mexican restaurants. 
The Margarita was ok, standard nothing exceptional. The tacos were just awful. The shrimp had no flavor at all, it tasted like sawdust. The actual tortilla had a rubber like chewy consistency. The second was shredded tongue with the life cooked out of it, and no taste to it at all. The third taco was the best of the three, the carne asada had some nice flavor to it, but the taco shell again had that rubbery consistency. 
Each taco had a good amount of stuffing, but just didn't hit the spot at all. Nobody asked me if I wanted anything else, or how my meal was. It was all kind of strange. I was in and out in 25  minutes, and it cost me 20 bucks and a tip, which was reasonable for the amount of food and liquor they served me. 
If the staff was engaging I think  we could of had a good conversation and feedback to help them improve the food. It's a nice place in a good location and they provided good quantity at a reasonable price. Maybe it was just an off night in the kitchen. 
There was other more exotic dishes on their menu. I think this place could turn it around with feedback and supervision. I wondered where the owner was that night and why he or she wasn't there hands on making sure the flavor profiles were correct, and the staff attentive. 
I read other reviews which were both favorable, and some which were not. I tend to give small places like this a second chance. I would like to try some other menu items. I like having a Mexican place within walking distance. The next time the mood strikes I'll roll the dice and hope for better results.It was the worst food I ever had I complained about my dish the waiters like I'm sorry that you didn't like it but I will never ever go to that restaurant When I visit New Orleans the only thing was good was a margarita did not leave a tipVery good food. Taco sampler and Guacamole were delicious. Watch your bill because they added 20% gratuity for 2 people. Probably due to Mardi Gras weekend.after a few days of the wonderful seafood places in new Orleans we figured we would go with something different (Mexican) . this place is near bourbon and near our hotel and yelp says it was good so we tried it.
The food is totally authentic and clearly made to order. We started with the chip and salsa which frankly were blah. So not a great start but what came next turned me into a fan.
My wife always orders steak  (carne asada) tacos and they were very good. I decided to try a mix of 3 tacos. So I had the:
1. shrimp tacos which were as expected and very good
2.  the carnitas which were what pork should be just fluffy slow cooked and full of flavor. I order it a ton at different Mexican places and order pork quite bit at Cuban places. This was one of the best pork dishes I have ordered in years.
3. For my "adventurous choice I ordered the rajas poblanos taco which are poblano peppers, corn some vegies and a sour cream based sauce. Man were those awesome! Next time getting 2 of those and the carnitas as the shrimp were very good but I can get that at other places.
There was so much food that we had a few left over and they were just as great the next day.
There was apparently only one cook that night so getting the food was a bit slow but the waitress was friendly and kept the chips coming so no big deal. Its small place with cool eclectic décor and subdued lighting. The chairs and tables are exactly the same ones that they have in a taco place I went to in Acapulco.
All in all it was a nice experience where I tried something I had never eaten before. Trust me that does not happened often to me. so if its Mexican you want near bourbon try this place.As an avid traveler, I am a huge supporter of new and upcoming restaurants. It saddens me to have to leave such a negative review for this restaurant. 
A business associate and I stopped in last night for a late dinner. It took approximately 15 minutes before our waiter even came to our table. We gave our drink and dinner order simultaneously and ordered chips and guacamole as an appetizer. The waiter was unfamiliar with their own menu. We ordered "fresh limeade" as advertised, and the waiter said he did not know what that was and that it was unavailable. Instead we both ordered water. 
It took over 45 minutes and a gentle reminder before we received our chips or silverware. While waiting for our food, we noticed the table behind us received the wrong food, then had to send the corrected food back to the kitchen because it was cold. Another group of patrons at the bar received the wrong drink order, twice. After an hour our food finally arrived, but we were once again disappointed. We both ordered the enchiladas- one with verde sauce and one with roja sauce. The enchiladas Rojas were cold. The cheese inside and out was not melted, and it was as if they had just simply placed the ingredients within a rolled tortilla and called it a day. The enchiladas verdes were simple, but lacking any distinct flavor. To top off our experience, while paying, we were informed the restaurant only took Visa or MasterCard. 
I can understand this kind of service from a well known and busy restaurant, however there were only 4 groups of dinners within the restaurant, and they are still trying to establish themselves. This place has a long way to go before they will gain my business again.Great hidden jewel! Service was great as well as the food and the specialty fire ball & horchata drink Cesar made us:)We came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.The food takes a little long to get served. But it's really good 2 carne asada tacos a guac deliciousThis place had 3 tables in it. 3 tacos from the kitchen took 45 minutes, waiter gave 3 BS excuses...I CAN SEE THE KITCHEN!  Terrible service and the food was not worth having from a fast food restaurant. Taco Bell blows them out of the water.  I work in the quarter and will be sure to turn people from this place. No way is this place going to be around long.This place hit the spot with their wonderful Latin flavors. I went with the 3 taco mixture plate that they have. I chose chicken fajita, carnitas, shrimp. Each taco had their own distinct flavors and toppings which was great! Very close to Bourbon street  tucked away but worth the find. Seating only has a few tables and a small bar area so I'm sure during peak hours or when busy it might be a little hard finding a seat.
It was fairly empty when I went, so service was great. Food came out in a decent time very well plated.Quiet nice place. Away from the crowd on Bourbon if you're trying to grab a late dinner. Plate size are decent and very deliciousHands down the best part of my New Orleans experience. If I could just sleep in my air conditioned hotel, and wake up only to eat here, the trip would have been worth it. I ordered the guacamole special, tortilla soup, and the mix and match tacos (carne asada). They pay such attention to detail and authenticity. Not only was everything beautiful but it was flavorful and perfect. I'm visiting from Los Angeles so I know my Mexican food and this was incredible.Fresh, excellent Mexican cuisine in a quiet, classy atmosphere.  Just half a block, but a world away, from Bourbon Street.  We get plenty of greet Mexican in California and this matches or beats some of the best.Love this place... Food is amazing, open late and Eddie is fantastic and makes the best cocktails! Oh and they are open til 4am...great for service industry people that get off work late.This was some of, if not the best, Mexican food I have ever had. The guacamole and chips are made to order and absolutely delicious! The portions are ample. I took half of mine home and ate it for breakfast because I couldn't wait until lunch time!
The only reason for four stars was the server. She was not neglectful, but could certainly be more friendly and smile.Totally flavorless over cooked steak tacos.  I did two steak and they were just awful.   Sorry you guys missed the mark on this.  This place was also empty, should have been a red flag.Different. Fresh tasting and huge servings but a little dry. I had tacos and unknowingly saved the poblano for last. Big mistake. Sample tgat first and spread it around. It packs a wollop.Stopped by here to share an order or chips and gauc and a couple margaritas with my girlfriend. 
Usually I would order a tradition margarita, but the GF wanted to have the blended fruity type, so we got that in the blackberry flavor. When the bartender brought it to us (and he was extremely friendly) he mentioned that this was made with fresh fruit, in house, all from scratch - and it came through in the flavor. It wasn't that fake flavored syrup garbage that you'd find most places use. 
The gauc was much the same story. A very generous portion, and very fresh. It was well seasoned and well balanced. We were thoroughly impressed. 
Lastly, something that I believe isn't given enough importance, the one gender neutral bathroom was CLEAN! The number of places I go into that are absolutely disgusting is just shameful. So shoutout to the staff for getting this right. 
While we were there, the was one bartender and one cook - and the place was at 75% capacity. They had everything completely under control and it was really amazing to watch. 
I would certainly come back here and recommend stopping by here for a couple drinks and some authentic Mexican food.Archeology was my passion and Uxmal my mistress 
Beneath her ruins the Mayan holy grail waits 
A fiery dragon guards ever over her gaits 
Adorned in the chefs loving art she lies 
And dines at last beneath starry sky's. 
Left Mexico without that grail
Did not succeed but did not fail
But with a fondness for real Mexican food. 
This place is 6 stars! 
Get the dragon drinkMy hubby and I were looking for a little variety past the standard amazing Louisiana Kitchen type foods. We came across Cunada a little whole in the wall Mexican food place. They were super kind and great solid service. 
We are from southern California so our Mexican food is different, but this food has a lot of mole based foods. I was very happy to be eating some pretty solid Mexican food. They had an out of date menu posted on Yelp so I took a photo of the recent one. 
Enjoy!I'm giving them two starts because when I think in tacos I'm really expecting juicy meat not matter the size of the taco. But for my unfortunate they were very VERY dry! I cook, that means also I work in the kitchen and I'm also straight Mexican and I know about tacos and this place definitely failed me. The cooks should taste what they're serving... those tacos for sure needs more love.This place is a hidden gem. Its literally across the street from my hotel. Authentic Mexican tacos. The guacamole was delicious, the tacos were delicious, overall awesome experience. Oh and the music was on point, all my Latin favorites. You definitely need to come here!!I came to this place because it was conveniently located in front of my hotel. I love Mexican food so, why not! 
I was blown away with the food! I can't believe how great EVERYTHING I ate was delicious. The first two times I had the Carne Asada nachos (yes I had to have it twice). Then I had the regular chips and guacamole with salsa and the carne asada quesadilla.
The guacamole was amazing! Savory and fresh and came with pickled red onions! Then the quesadilla was exquisite!!! Warm and very cheesy! Complimented by great pico de Gallo! 
The service was great and very friendly!!! 
I highly recommend this spot! You will not be disappointed at all!!!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The staff is awesome. The drinks are awesome. The food is awesome. The music! The vibe. The salsa is not. It tastes like Marinara sauce. However, they are great about bringing serrano peppers to spice it up. We will definitely be back. Next time, I hope they have salsa as authentic as the rest of the menu. Wonderful spot!My favorire mexican plce so far. The frozen margaritas are extremely delicious and refreshing. Ive tried the passion fruit and mango both delicious depends on hoy tangy you like your poison. My favorite is the jalapeño margarita, but recommended if you like spicy. They are large margaritas too! 
The food is authentic mexican, the tscos are amazing. All types!I lived 20 years in Texas and have been all over Mexico. The food here is *incredible* ... queso fundido was very traditional and basically the best I've ever had. The pastor, tacos, tequila were all excellent! Nachos are great with homemade tortilla chips but you need 4 people to mob it quickly as there's a lot of Tex-Mex queso on top of it. Great flavors and a can't miss if you're in the mood for something different in the French Quarter!Food was so yummy!! Service was really good, as were the drinks! Really nice and cute atmosphere and decent prices! Would definitely recommend for any visitors!I rarely write reviews but this was beyond horrible Mexican food and I was shocked to see it rated as 4+ stars. The staff was friendly. Let's get to the food - the shrimp was hardly shrimp - it was small, most likely frozen, and barely even qualified as shrimp. The carne asada was dry, flavorless, and frankly inedible. The carnitas were good in comparison, if you are aiming to finish a taco. The place is clean, the staff was super friendly, and I wish them the best going forward, but their food needs some help.THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING. I've basically been deprived of a full meal during my time in New Orleans so far and this was the only place I've been able to finish my entire meal, appetizer and beer. The quality of the ingredients was absolutely outstanding and I will honestly come back in my short trip to New Orleans.A gem. Fantastic food. Fresh ingredients. So small, you feel like it is open just for you. Cool exposed brick and neon lights at the bar. But really, it's the taste hat makes this place. I recommend the jalepeno poppers!Went to dinner tonight based on the reviews. Have to say I was not impressed, yes the atmosphere was nice and bathroom was clean, however the statement that this an "Authentic Mexican" restaurant is way off base. Not ONE Authentic Mexican restaurant uses Nacho cheese sauce in their "authentic" Nachos. The cheese sauce was lukewarm but I do have to add the Carne Asada was well seasoned and cooked well.
Free Nachos chips/salsa is a standard in a true Mexican resturaunt but there was a charge for chips/salsa and we were denied a refill to finish the guacamole we ordered. Have to say the guac was fresh but be careful to specify how you want yours made. Too many ingredients are added into it.  Quesadillas there were made with a yellow and white cheese (cant detemine types of cheese) and the bottom tortilla was soggy. Way too many onions, both cooked and raw, on each dish.Really really really good food. The best I've had the entire trip. Be careful because you can walk right past this place. Servers were excellent. The food was so tasty. They have pickled onions that they serve on the side of pretty much everything, they are SO good. I had a taco trio. Carne Asada that was very tasty, a beef fajita that was perfect, and believe it or not...beef tongue that was surprisingly GREAT! Why not go out on a limb and try beef tongue in the big easy?!! The guacamole was so yummy with homemade chips. Did I mention he tortillas are also homemade ?? My gf had a quesadilla and a carne asada taco and enjoyed it. I also had a lime no -alcoholic drink that left me wanting another. Nice clean friendly restaurant. Great place to go that's clean and welcoming...a good change from the bar food and other restaurants that have been there for a while. 
YOU MUST GO HERE. 
Authentic and delicious.Food is affordable but very bland. No spicy salsa options like roasted jalapeños, or Chile de arbol 
( crushed sautéed red peppers with oil ).
Chips are terrible and hard. The tacos are good if they add a little more seasoning. Just don't take it to go because it's going to be too soggy. Guacamole is good.Excellent Mexican food. Best tortilla soup I have ever had. Tacos were very good too. A little quirky to find but then so is everything in the French quarter.Spanish food with a dash of class. Great food at good prices - friendly helpful staff. Well crafted "homemade" traditional meals far superior to Mexican chains. Friendly bar - Try itWe came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.Amazing food and service! Guacamole was the best Ive ever had. 3 tacos for 12 bucks! A must-eat place in the french quarter!Cute little Mexican bar tucked away on Conti street in New Orleans. One of the waitresses let us know Cuñada means "sister in law". This was a accident. Went to the place that was SUPPOSED to have crawfish all day but ran out, and stumbled upon Cuñada right next to it. The atmosphere has colorful Mexican skeletons everywhere and the main wall is full of lots of different tequilas. I ordered the ranchero con queso which came with a taco of choice (I chose shrimp) a smaller quesadilla, rice, beans, and fried queso cheese. This was so good. The flavors are perfect. The taco is packed with meat and toppings. My wife also ordered a flaming margarita since it was her birthday and it tasted so good. Definite must try for Mexican while walking around bourbon.My wife and I hit this place because it was close to our hotel. We walked in and there was no one in there. Maybe because it's just off Bourbon St but they've only been there for a few months. The staff was great. The waitress we had was great! We asked about the cheese they use on the nachos and she brought us a cup with chips to sample. I ordered the sample plate which is 3 tacos with what meat you want. I got the chicken and the pork tacos. Each taco was loaded! The pork taco was the best pork taco I have ever eaten. I ask the waitress about how the pork is cooked. The guy who makes the pork told us how it was made in detail. I told them everything was so fresh and the waitress said that's what Eddie(the cook) always says. So if you want the BEST pork tacos, you have to try Fresh Eddie's pork tacos. A great hidden gem in the French QuartersI would go every week to get the bean dip- it's that damn good! The tacos were good also(we had the sampler to share), but they'd actually be better if they put a little LESS meat in them. I know, hard to believe I wrote that, but eat 2 and you've had almost a half-pound of meat. The tongue was the best- so tender!This restaurant was so nice. It was off on the side street from the bourbon street crowd.  Its Mexican food very good.  But the bartender Morgan was excellent to the point we went a second day just for margaritas.  The best one for was passion fruit.  She love making good drinks. The trio tacos was also good. And to make thinks better the chairs are so comfortable to sit in. I love they are open til 4am.   See you soon Morgan tks the Detroit girls.Had a blast there last night. Ate some great nachos, the guacamole was amazing, and whatever that red drink was...wow!
Nice staff, we even got crazy and danced to the Grease soundtrack they were playing. Ha!  Fun time.Great tacos. I had the shrimp and the tong tacos and both were so tasty. Also I like bed the staff. They are open late too.Hands down the best TRUE Mexican food in New Orleans. Sure, you got  few Tex-Mex places, but this is cuisine that can't be matched unless you go to Mexico. Treat yourself to a great meal, great service, and an atmosphere that lets you savor your meal and your company.This restaurant has character and a great atmosphere. I had a frozen mango margarita and my husband had jamica, both were very good. We ordered the queso flameado, pick 3 tacos, and tortilla soup. The pulled pork was delicious!!! As was the flameado. The tortilla soup was a bit spicy and had an earthy taste to it. I found it to be pretty good with a piece of avocado and a radish on my spoon. The taste dynamics worked. I wish they had dessert. The waiter was wonderful but also cooked our meals (Sunday at 4pm) so needless to say he was busy. Still, I really enjoyed the meal, the atmosphere, and the other patrons. Oh and it did not smell like bourbon street.I order chicken enchiladas everywhere I go and these are hands down the best ones I have ever had. I got the enchiladas verde and holy cow. The highest recommendation I can give. I will be back tomorrow for the Rojas. Amazing food. AMAZING guacamole. Wow.The bartenders were very hospitable and make one of the best margaritas I've ever had! We shared a plate of chicken nachos and couldn't stop saying how good they were! The chips stayed crunchy all the way to the end and we enjoyed the addition of rather radish slices!Stumbled across this place after developing po' boy fatigue. Delicious. Hit the spot. Very impressed.Great bartender who makes amazing margaritas! Food was also very delicious and very good selection for Mexican, price was great too.I came in for a Margarita and while my drink was a little on the sweeter side, I enjoyed my time at the bar. They have one of those cool modern juke boxes that you can control from your phone. I'm curious about their food because the menu items looked really good. I will definitely be back to try.Food is ok.  They're understaffed.  Had to flag someone down to finally get a napkin and silverware.  Food was cold by then.  Would have liked another margarita, but no one asked.  Hopefully things will improve here.  I liked the fact that they have a good amount of vegetarian options.When you hear French Quarter, Mexican food doesn't normally come to mind...but this place is absolutely fabulous! The homemade guacamole was some of the best I've ever had. Everything we ate was made with the freshest ingredients and the combination of flavors in the dishes was out of this world. We will definitely be back when we return to NOLA!Fantastic, flavorful food and great drinks! Highly recommend the guacamole. The black bean salsa was to die for and the tacos hit the spot. Yummy margaritas and a great atmosphere. Lucky to have found this place!Stumbled upon this gem on yelp. My daughter (16) and I visited on our last Sunday afternoon in NOLA.  Heavenly food unlike any Mexican food I've had. Reasonably priced. I had the carne Asada taco and she had a quesadilla. We shared the nachos. They have this amazing green sauce and these purple onions that are to die for. Service is a little slow but I'd say it's cooked with passion. Awesome!This place deserves a mention. It's one of those restaurants you stumble upon (all too true this morning at 2am) and vow to return the next day and you DO!
This place is authentic Mexican cuisine and fabulously done. So highly recommend visiting this spot when in the big easy.This place is TERRIBLE!!!!! Sold us nacho cheese instead of fresh queso. Also charged us extra for our drinks. Worst Mexican restaurant I've been to
Go anywhere else but here!The service was wonderful. Our waitress was very informative and welcoming. The food was pretty good but nothing stood out as special. I did enjoy the cheese dip a lot.I recommend the Steak Quesadillas and Cheese Soup. Delicious!! Will definitely be a frequent visitor.I'm from California and I've lived in nola for 3 years and never found real good Mexican food till now! This place is amazing! The food is incredible and the staff is great!Honestly, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. My friend and I happened to come in because we were short on time because of the parking. From the moment we walked in, it should have been a red flag. Nobody was in the restaurant. The bartender who was also the server was great at first except he never came around. I had to grab our own silverware and my food was ice cold. Luckily, they reheated it, but not before explaining that the cheese in the enchiladas doesn't melt. Sadly, that wasn't point. I don't mind if it doesn't melt, but I do mind eating cold food. Anyways, save your money and find somewhere else to eat... especially in a city where the food is so plentiful!This was a mouth dropping experience. My husband ordered the enchilada soup and the tacos with cheese and sour cream and was told he would have to pay extra for each of those items, ok, no problem.  I order the enchiladas with no sauce on top and a side of sour cream, and am also told I will have to pay extra for the sour cream, again, not a problem.  The waiter comes back and says they cannot put cheese and sour cream on the tacos, WHAT???? My husband decides to then order something else. About 10 minutes later the waiter comes out and tells me that they have to put the sauce on the top of my enchiladas. WHAT??? I  asked if the chicken was cooked in the sauce because then I could have understood but he said no, we just have to put the sauce on top. At this point we ask for the check and decide we will go somewhere else. They then want us to pay for my husbands meal, which is just coming out.  That is NOT going to happen so we pay for the chips ad soup he did eat which was NOT even close to what enchilada soup is anywhere else in the U. S. This was HORRIBLE service and I would never recommend this place. We did leave the waiter a tip as we know none of this was his fault.Really good food, we enjoyed the tortilla chips they were delicious thick cut made in house perfection.  There was a nice tequila selection as well, margs were a little sweet for our taste but overall nice experience.This place is amazing. Authentic, cheap, and a small venue that makes you feel at home. Definitely recommend if in NOLA and wanting Mexican food.Wasn't very impressed. Family wanted Mexican food and this place had a good Yelp review. All-in-all the food was underwhelming. The meat in my tacos (tried beef, pork & chicken) tasted like meat and nothing else. Everyone in our group agreed the food was pretty bland overall. That said, the guacamole was EXCELLENT! Definite high point of the meal. The tortilla soup was too spicy. Overpriced, IMO. Service was rather slow as well. Didn't fulfill our Mexican cravings. :(Awesome authentic tacos and incredible salsa! We ended up here night one of our vacation because my husband was hungry (and we're from California and can't turn down a taco). He got carnitas, carne aside and al pastor taco and our fav was the al pastor. The chips and salsa were delicious and the owner was incredibly nice. A perfect stop for a late night bit!Best Mexican you can get in the city. A very unique menu with plenty of options to keep everyone satisfied. The portions were nice and generous too. 
We went on a Sunday night and there was only one server (it appeared) but she was still on top of her game. 
The atmosphere is amazing - it is dang near like going to a restaurant right in Mexico. 
It is a smaller place so maybe not good for big parties. Perfect for a date night!Great food and nice service and a clean place. The guacamole was awesome! The added nopales(cuctus strips) to the guac was a bonus!! I had the fajita quesadillas and they were fantastic! I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for great Mexican food!Service was horrible! We waited for 40 mins for our food. When we receive one entree at a time, she didn't know what she was delivering. She added 20% gratuity to make it even worseWell, that was disappointing. I ordered the enmoladas, and my boyfriend ordered the enchiladas verde. The waitress took our order and walked away without asking us if we wanted anything to drink. I was brought my order and I took a few bites, noticing that my enchiladas were barely warm. We were not checked on again until my boyfriend's order was served 15 minutes later. By this time, my dinner was ice cold, so I asked if they could warm it up for me, and I complained that our dinners were not served at the same time. They said they would fire a new plate for me, and as for my complaint about the timing, I was told, "The kitchen does the best it can." I was brought a new plate of food, and we were not checked on again until we waived the waitress over to ask for the check. As for the food, I will say there was a lot of it. I thought the mole sauce was very salty, and the enchiladas were nothing special. Some of the beans were still crunchy, and so was the rice.I had a very negative experience at Cuñada tonight, which is disappointing as I've heard positive ones on here. My three friends and I all ordered the taco trio, margaritas, and chips & guacamole. The chips and guac came out first, which were fine. The drinks all came out separately and slowly, which was strange and pretty annoying, (servers should always bring out drinks at the same time). They didn't come out until after we had finished the guacamole completely, and after about 20 minutes wondering when our food would arrive, the server came out to tell us they were completely out of half of what was ordered. I had to change my order completely while everyone else had to change at least one thing of their order. We asked for some rice and beans as well as sour cream, all of which came out separately and slowly. The sour cream came in processed packages, the tacos were soggy and bland, and the quesadilla was horrible. The margaritas had no taste of alcohol and I felt nothing after downing it fast. When we received our check, we realized that the server not only took nothing off our order out of apologies for the food and slow service, but charged us for even the sour cream. We learned that no manager was present which is simply unacceptable. Though we did get 15% off as well as the sour cream and rice and beans, I'm still very disappointed and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.My first experience here was excellent.  Great jalapeño margarita!  Tacos were great, especially the steak taco.  The guacamole is good enough for four adults to share!Three times we tried to give this place a chance.  Bad service and/or food EVERY TIME.  Not authentic.  Save your time and skip this place.  Each time our check was discounted because of staff mistakes.  Will not be back.  The only redeeming quality is that the staff are polite.Water is not filtered. 
For $10 I would expect more guacamole. They give you $47 worth in chips but .47 cents in guacamole (disclaimer: sarcasm). 
Great atmosphere. 
Totally worth going despite my personal critiques.Really enjoyed this place. Delicious food and drinks and friendly service. Definitely recommend and wish we had found this place earlier in the week.Servers were excellent, everyone in the restaurant was outstanding. The food was mostly good - nachos were able to be customized for me w/o dairy. Cactus Tacos were fine but a bit too much cactus in them - would have liked more of the other ingredients. It was tasty - and corn tortillas are always the way to go. The margarita's were solid and HUGE. Food was really a 3 - but the staff made it a 4 star overall.The Queso Fundido and Guac were good but the drinks were terrible very week and no flavor....Incredibly fresh, flavorful, authentic, and delicious Mexican food. The Queso Fondido was dense, melty, cheesy goodness. The fresh made chips were thin, light and crispy. The enchiladas verde was amazing! The pickled onion and radish make are a great compliment. The beans were full of flavor. And even the iced tea was dark and dense. Service was excellent. The entire place is ultra clean and pleasant. While the price is a little on the high side for Mexican food, it is totally worth it. This is high quality cuisine, not gut filler food. Go and try it. You will love it.Holy moly, this place was worth it just for the guacamole by itself!  It was chunky with tangy ingredients like pickled onions (FYI I don't like onions raw, but these were tasty.) My Mom and I both got the sangrias which did not taste typical, but were more cocktail style - which was alright with us!  My daughter and I are both vegetarians and we both had the Enchiladas Rojas - cheese style.  I can't describe the flavors, but they were soooo good.  The side of beans and rice were incredibly flavorful also.  All in all, we were happy with our food and the intimate environment.We found this place on a whim because one restaurant we were trying to go to stopped serving food. This place is great because it is open till 4. They have delicious Mexican food! I got a little sampler and it was ohhh sooo good. Had a jalapeño margarita and it was spicy but delicious!So who goes all the way to NOLA & the first thing they eat is Mexican food?? This chick. And I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting much, because I've given up hope on finding authentic Mexican food that bedazzled me outside of Mexico or the West Coast or my ex-mother-in-laws kitchen, but not only was Cunada's a pleasant surprise - it was a SHOCKING surprise. After a 10+hr drive, we got to The Quarter just in time to go to a museum I've been meaning to go to for years, and by the time we were done, it was dinnertime & I was starving - so we came here because it is right across from May Bailey's. It was about 4pm, there was 1 person at the bar besides the waiter and that was it & it made me even more hesitant because everyone knows how crazy restaurants are in the quarter... but we got our choice of spots and ordered. My son ordered a cheese quesadilla and I ordered a combo. The tortillas were definitely FRESH MADE (I've eaten ALOT of fresh made tortillas in my life), the meat in the taco literally melted in the mouth. The cheese was delish. It was really surpringly amazing... I was shocked. So if you KNOW good Mexican food, and are missing it, GO HERE, even tho you're in NOLA and probably looking for Creole/Cajun... you won't be sorry!Walking around the French Quarter, my friends and I came upon this new spot. The restaurant was small, yet comfortable, quaint, well decorated... 
On to the food: the guacamole was amazing, the tacos were awesome! Homemade corn tortillas - good service.  Great find - will be back when in Lola.Excellent jalapeño margarita. Good guacamole. I would go again for drinks. It was nice to be away from the chaos on Bourbon street.Was looking for a cool place to grab a margarita in the quarter and came across this place. Has a cool hip vibe, friendly staff, and excellent margaritas! I'll be back for sure!Wow, what a gem of a place. Hidden away from the craziness of Bourbon St., this place offers the best tacos I've eaten in a very long time.
The flavors, presentation and textures are just spot on. 
If you are walking around at 2 in the morning, do yourself a favor and mop up some of the booze at Cuñada.I was thoroughly disappointed with my meal. The tacos had no flavor whatsoever. They also had limited menu options. I would not go back.So we came to this small Mexican restaurant on the whim since we really wanted some Mexican fare while we were in New Orleans. And let me tell you...it blew our minds. The restaurant is adorable, but our bartender was amazing. The food was some of the best Mexican we've ever had and I'm from Texas. Their guacamole and melted cheese was a great start! My wife had the tortilla soup, which she found to be the best she ever had, especially since it was naturally vegetarian (so hard to find of course!). I had the tacos and the el pastor was bliss, probably the best el pastor I've had. 
I highly recommend coming here if you want some great Mexican, especially if you want something different than the typical New Orleans Cajun fare in most restaurants.Hermoso lugar y excelente servicio. La comida excelente también. Definitivamente en mi siguiente viaje a NOLA iré a comer en este lugar. 
Las micheladas son lo mejor!Did not eat but had a drink and just some chips and salsa. Service was good but just by looking at the menu real quick, did not seem to offer whole a lot of food selection. But it surely did have all the essential. 
Had a margarita but felt like it had too much Grand Marnier that it did not make the drink taste like how a margarita should taste like. Salsa and chips were good though. 
Maybe I should try their food one day and write a review again. But until then, 3 stars my friendWaited more than 45 minutes after placing our order to be served our 2 soft tacos. This happened at a time when the restaurant/bar were almost empty. Food was average in taste.I usually don't go out for Mexican food because I can make it at home. This food was authentic! The tacos were fresh, the salsa spicy, and the drinks were perfect. Small place just off the beaten path.  Wish I knew about it sooner!The BEST tacos I've ever had EVER in my life! Cuñada was such a wonderful surprise. I do not eat meat, so it is very hard to find a Mexican place that serves an array of vegan or vegetarian options. Well, Cuñada is it! They have 5 different vegan/vegetarian taco options on the menu. We ordered the napol taco, the green chili taco, and the mushroom tacos. All were excellent, but what stood out to me was the napol taco. I've never had napol before but when I lived in Salinas, CA, my coworkers would rave about how good it was. I never even knew that people ate cactus. Anyway, I ordered it hoping that it would be as good as I dreamed, and it was beyond amazing. I can't even think of the perfect word to describe how outstanding this taco was. The mushroom taco was very close to it but there's just something about the napol taco that WOWed me. I did enjoy the green chili taco, but it wasn't stupendous like the other two, just pretty good. For an appetizer, we had the guacamole with the red onions. Can you say addicting? Yes, this guac was one of a kind. It took a while to come out because it was freshly made with lots of love. All of the food here is made to order so there is a bit of a wait. However, you know what they say, something are definitely worth the wait. I wish that I lived in New Orleans just so I can eat here everyday, literally. I would eat here day in and day out and not get tired. If you are a vegetarian or vegan looking for excellent Mexican food, Cuñada is your place. Thank me later!If you are in Nola and want to eat fresh made as you order Mexican food! This is the place to be!!! I don't usually review restaurants but have to definitely 5 star this place! 
Highly recommendedWe came in to this place just in passing and I cannot explain how amazing this place is. We tried the nachos, guacamole, fresh chips and salsa, and the esquites (Mexican style corn) were AMAZING! We wanted to come back and try dinner and it also did not disappoint! However, the drinks brought us back... the horchata drink mixed with liquor called Beso Mestizo. Best drink ever!Awesome guacamole. Service was very friendly. My friend says the taco sampler was da bombGreat food, nice people, cool atmosphere.
It's close to Bourbon Street but far enough that it's not overly loud and not full of the obnoxious crowd of revelers you find in the city.
I had four different street tacos and they were all phenomenal! With steak, potatoes, shrimp, vegetarian and pork options, there is something for everyone. They are ALL good here! 
It's a West Coast vibe with Southern Hospitality!
Great drinks too! The only real Margaritas to be found in the area. The tea is good too!86'd avocados, gross dirty bathroom, and apathetic service from the grumpy gothic waitress, (no silverware or napkins, we had to bring our check to the bar to leave after her never returning for it) and then helping herself to a gratuity on our 2 top tab of nachos and beer makes me feel pretty ripped off and sad I ever tried this place. STAY AWAY.Awesome food! Cool hole in the wall place we found one night, everywhere else was packed but the food was awesome. The waitress we had was kind of rude, but other than that, the food was awesome, and the guacamole with mango was so good! And their rice and enchiladas are yummy too. Though they didn't have fountain drinks, but the ambiance, the furniture and the food is totally worth checking out.We stopped in for a quick snack at 1:00 in the afternoon on Monday.
Brian was fantastic! He made a chili and mango drink for my sister that was amazing. He is an artist.
We had nachos that were delicious. I am sure this place is hopping during evening hours and it should be. 
Check out this great place when you are in the French Quarter.They were totally swamped on New Years and still put out delicious food. The servers were working crazy hard to serve the customers. The nachos and elote were super yummy.First time visiting this restaurant! I was happily surprised with their unique take on traditional Mexican dishes. The Nachos and salsa were delicious!!! The staff was friendly and the bar area was very clean. Hope to come back before traveling  home.We stopped by before dinner and returned expecting a signature drink, but they didn't have the ingredients, bummer.
The atmosphere and decor are very colorful representative of central America.  A beautiful shrine in the back displays cultural dieties and Dia de los Muertos sugar skulls.
The wait time was lengthy to get service, the chairs aren't the best for comfortable seating, the waitress immediately informed us of several food items that weren't available, and it was a tad warm.
The food however, was tasty and presented in a very artistic way.  The Queso was delicious, along with the street corn.  The Entomatadas were stuffed with chicken, the beans and rice were surprisingly delicious.  
Really would have loved to try the signature drinks, maybe next time.Love this place! Popped in for a Friday happy hour margarita and was not disappointed! Very tasty house margs, but SO many options for fancy tequila or mezcal if you're so inclined. Our bartender Brian was wonderful, friendly and fun! I also love the decor and comfy chairs. Highly recommended!Mexican Food as real as it gets!!! The Barbacoa was tasty and clean not too fatty but not dry, the Tinga (shredded chicken in a tomato/chipotle sauce) was soo good. I also ordered a cocktail, I cant rememeber the name but it was cucumber flavored..OMG!!..highly recommend. Overall a great place, the owners were so nice and helpful even for a busy Friday answered all of our questions.A welcome respite from the craziness of Bourbon Street!
The Moji-Rita was a great drink! Food was alright, nothing to write home about. I would say get the Guacamole if you want some snackies. Servers were nice enough! Mostly, what I liked about it was that it wasn't crazy crowded or loud! Oh, and they were playing good Reggaeton!I'm very happy to have found this late night place! I don't go out late very often anymore but this is my new go to after 10PM for a nosh. The queso fundido nearly gave me an orgasm. That Jalapeño margarita made me wet. So thankful to have found this place!Service: Excellent! We seemed to have an issue in NOLA with servers not refilling our drinks. Our waitress was on top of it.
Food: The queso was amazing but ended up being too much cheese for two people. We got 4 tacos: chicken, al pastor, steak and shrimp. The are huge and have a lot of meat.
Chicken Taco: By far the best. I wish we got all chicken. 
Al Pastor with Pineapple: second favorite
Steak: not a lot of flavor
Shrimp: no flavor and tasted fishySuch amazing food, always fresh and tasty! I work nearby and always stop by when I have time, definitely one of my favorite spots!Wow!! So glad we didn't skip this one! Possibly the best guacamole I've ever had! And the margaritas were on point!!In NOLA all week from San Diego. This is a 100% legit and authentic Mexican restaurant in the Quarter.   Best meal I've had all week. Al pastor is top 3 I've had.   Total flavortown.  Homemade salsas are incredible. Everything hand made and fresh.   Put this place in SD and it's an instant hit.  Service is top notch. Highly recommended.Ubered over to this little gem after playing and drinking at the casino. This was a brand new place for me, but I'm so glad we stopped!! The food is kind of pricey, I understand it's the Quarter but it could be a tad cheaper. Portions were nice, everything was flavored and spiced amazingly! The corn appetizer, the chips, the carnitas tacos are items I'll be back for. Do yourself a flavor and splurge on this amazing place!There are three great things about this restaurant: 
1. The cocktails are amazing and well worth the visit 
2. The guac was some of the best I had ever experienced 
3. They are open late!
The reason I didn't give more stars is simple, the food took well over an hour to make when the restaurant was empty. Additionally we had to ask our waiter several times if we could place an order. For example, we had pretty much eaten our appetizer before we even ordered entrees. Finally the enchiladas I had were really average, not much spice at all. I'd for sure go back but probably only for drinks and appetizers.Service was excellent... guacamole was insanely yummy.  Quest Fundido was to die for.  Elite was do so.. corn wasn't very fresh!I come to New Orleans twice a year. How have I missed his gem?  This is some of the most authentic Mexican food I have eaten outside of Cdlifornia and Texas.  I am not talking Hard Tacos, crazy food names Taco Bell makes up.  And they don't everything on the plate and cdll it a Combo.  If you get a craving for Mexicsn food while in New Orleans, this is the place!Let me start by saying I support any business with this many vegan options. A vegan combo platter in this city is an anomaly. Kudos to them for being so inclusive and leaving animals off the plate. That said, I made reservations for 2 on Sunday evening. When we got there we were seated at a table in the middle of the room. A table that no one wants unless it's packed. It wasn't. There was only 1 other couple dining at the time. No biggie. 
The issue here is the owner/waitress does everything. And it's too much for any 1 person to handle. Our dishes were left piling up on the small table we shared so much that I had to clear a space to sign the check. While the waitress was attentive... this place needs the addition of another wait staff person. 
As for the food - the guac tropical was great. Vegan ceviche was bland with no lemon or the seasonings one expects in ceviche. I found this odd because it's such an easy thing to make and has such a distinctive taste that you know when you've nailed it, or haven't. Our main entree was 2 tacos combo plates. The waitress gave us the wrong plates  - even described them incorrectly to us as she sat them down - and we had each eaten half a taco before realizing it was the wrong order and had to switch plates. Not fun w/corn tacos shells that disintegrate quickly. Pretty flavorless for Mexican and asking for salsa was responded to with 4 plastic take out sauce containers. C'mon it's Mexican... where are the salsa serving trays? Salsa was bland too, I should have used the Louisiana hot sauce they had. At least that would have added more flavor.  
The margaritas were decent. 
All in all... I'll probably go back because of the vegan options but I definitely wasn't overwhelmed.Our first time here since they since two years ago. Great atmosphere / space. The hosts were friendly and welcoming. The Queso Fundido is cheese heaven and the Atun Califa is incredible - a must try for both ceviche' and sushi loversIf I could rate zero stars I would. Came in today with my family. Party of 6. We ordered and wanted the bill split they said no we couldn't split our bill because it was Mardi Gras day and they can't make accommodations.... okay fine. We ordered two appetizers and our meal. They brought us our meal and our appetizer at the same time. The table was small so the man started to stack our food on top of each other, what?! My order was wrong so I let him know and he said "I'm not your waiter but I'll have them fix it." While we were waiting for my food my family realized their food was cold. My mom called the man over to tell him that's she was upset and would like it fixed. He then again said he wasn't our server but he would go get him. My mom the said yes please because we want to leave the service is so bad here. The man then said fine and started grabbing the food off of our table. I asked for his name and he wouldn't tell me. I can't believe the service offered today. I get it's Mardi Gras and stressful but that was the worst service we all have ever had.Amazing!  FRESH food in the Quarter, after midnight. It so refreshing to be able to go out after work and not be forced to eat greasy spoon diner food. Thank you, Cunada!  Service is always fantastic!Axel our server was super helpful and attentive. Eddie the owner came by our table to make sure we were happy. The margaritas were on point. And the guacamole was a huge delicious serving! We also ordered the queso fundido and it was the best we ever tasted! Great vibeI just ate at Cunada, and it was delicious!  The renovation (used to be Jagerhaus) looks great, and the food (tortilla soup, carnitas taco, and shrimp tacos) was fresh, authentic, and tasty.  I enjoyed the margaritas as well.  Plus, I was able to practice my Spanish with the helpful bartender.  I will be back often.  This is a great addition to the FQ food scene. Cunada es muy bueno!I was really hoping the food would be better it was super cute when we walked in. But while the staff was very nice they were not very good and the food was mediocre at best. We ordered queso fundido with chorizo and Starla tacos. They forgot about the queso we had to ask about it and when it was finally brought out it was just melted cheese no chorizo. Then about 2 minutes later they brought out the tacos they were presented very nice. But the tortillas were hard almost stale and the steak was super dry. We were very disappointed. I though $10 for two steak tacos was a lot so I was hoping for better, but was disappointed. Not sure yet if I will give them a second chance. They are kinda pricey for less than average foodYou want to talk about mind blowing delicious nachos???? Whoaaaaaa!!! These bad boys are almost better than sex! They're full of fresh ingredients and the flavor is exceptionally robust!!!! I can't say enough And I will say that these are the best I've had in Louisiana!!! An absolute must tryAmazing food and margaritas! Highly suggest this place. Even though they are slightly expensive.When I visit New Orleans (5 times in the last year btw), I ALWAYS make it a point to come here. I stumbled upon this little place accidentally after visiting Bourbon St. on my first time in the French Quarter. I didn't know I was going to find one of my favorite places! I've had the guacamole (get that every time), multiple tacos, a variety of their signature drinks and all of their house made sauces/salsas. It's like a little slice of Mexico in New Orleans, and very unexpected. All of the items are fresh and traditional. The tequila selection is great and the service has always been very friendly!Excellent Mexican food - try this place!
I was in NoLa for 3 days and knew I couldn't eat crawfish étouffée the whole time. This place already has an impeccable ratings-set, and I can confirm. I had a handful of dishes - here's the rundown:
Chips and guacamole especial - fresh flavour, with cilantro and some lovely bits of nopal
Tortilla soup - perfectly salty and good body, all the garnishes
Pork taco - I asked the staff to surprise me (omakase style) and they gave me cochinita pibil. Tender with some chew, and that nice dark color, and again, all the sides you'd want for a taco
Fun drinks and staff, and they're open crazy late. I'm from California, I've been to all parts of the Yucatán (excluding Cancún), and this place is rad. Their food is super thoughtful but not precious or fussy.Atmosphere: fun, cozy and clean
Service: I sat at the bar and the bar tender, Brian, was great. He was friendly and attentive
Food: Amazing menu for vegetarians. Everything I tried was great with options for adding spice fo those who like comida picante. I would come back hereAmazing food!!! Amazing staff!! We just wanted a damn Tecate Light and boom, there it was!! Thanks for such great service and fun conversation!!!Was looking for a Mexican restaurant spot and found Cuñada. The place was not so busy but it still took a little long to get the food. The food was looking & tasting good except for the dried pastor taco that had no pineapple in it which they forgot to add and until I bit into a rubber band that was mixed in my taco or the onions that were on my plate. I pulled the rubberband out of my mouth and notified the waiter and he calmly replied ok...Do you want another taco? No sorry, no apology...as if this was not the first time. In the end they didn't charge me for my tacos and asked if we were all good now...Really?!  I just finished chewing on a rubberband...disgusting! I didn't appreciate the way he responded and I don't plan on ever coming back!Great little hidden gym in NOLA. Found it in Yelp and decided to give it a try. We are taco lovers and these tacos were amazing. The chicken was tender, juicy,  and came in large portions per corn tortilla. The only thing I did not like which is why it got 4 stars instead of 5 was the fact you had to pay separately for ever side. Evem chips which are normally free places are a cost. Sodas came in cans so refills costed as well. But, as good as the tacos were I would recommend this place knowing there are a few bumps in what you get for your money.Visiting town from California and craved tacos after a night out on bourbon street. Luckily we were able to find this hidden gem. The food was amazing, staff was great and even learned a few things about agave tequila. Definitely recommend this place when you're in town!We were skeptical of Mexican food in NOLA being that we're from the central coast of California... However, the food here did not disappoint! The Verde enchiladas we not only delicious but beautiful! You can tell that the corn tortillas are homemade, there was so much flavor. The Chihuahua cheese they used on top was so yummy. Beans and rice were good and served separately on the side. This place is small and cozy with beautiful Spanish decor throughout. We didn't sit at the bar but it looked inviting as it's the very first thing you see when you walk in. This will be a good spot for us to come back to in the future.We went here twice during our stay in New Orleans because it was SO GOOD.  Guacamole tropicale and especiale, both citrusy and flavorful and amazing with chips!  THey also have a raw tuna fish that is smoky and DELICIOUS (and I'm not a sushi person).  My husband had smoky enchiladas (Rojas) with creamy sauce.  FANTASTIC.  Both times I had our server (the amazing Brian-Eric) choose for me, and was not disappointed either time.  I had an assortment of tacos (not a single disappointment) and a chicken-fajita quesadilla.  Tons of SEZXY salsas, each with its own flavor profile.  They also had a sexy, cheesy corn dish called esquites.  The tortillas are all HAND MADE here.  The owners work in the kitchen themselves and they do all their own shopping.  No food truck deliveries here.  You can't beat this food.  And the margaritas are absolutely KILLER.  All types, all absolutely MOUTHWATERING!  This place is an EXPERIENCE.  And again, Brian-Eric was personable, attentive, and engaging.  Can't recommend this place enough.This place is decorated very cute.  The seats are very original, made of bamboo/wood/wicker.  The bartender was tending the whole restaurant, so I cant fault him for rimming my marg with salt when I asked for no salt.  The marg is small, but tasty.  Hub and I shared the queso flamedo and carne asada quesadillas.  The queso was thick and didnt pack too much flavor for my liking, although my hub really liked it.  The add cilantro to it, which is a different taste.  The steak was a bit tough and I didn't care for the flavor...but hub really liked it.  The quesadillas are on a corn tortilla.Home made and fresh. Very good and looks authentic. Delicious guacamole.
Very good value for moneyFirst time going tonight for dinner. Love the atmosphere. great service and fantastic food! I had a really good Bloody Mary. Lots of options for vegan and vegetarian as well. We definitely be back!Needed a break from NOLA fare. This was perfection. Got the guacamole especial and mix and match tacos. Rio blandino margarita as well. Everything was perfect. Kitchen was backed up a little due to a huge party that was there before us but still food came out great. Will definitely come backLooking for street tacos , came across this place. Don't waste your time. I paid 20 bucks for 4 tacos. The beef was hard and chewy. I will never go to this place again.A bouncer at a bar recommended this restaurant to me and my husband.  Best carne asada tacos I've had since I moved from California!  Chips and salsa tasted just like my Nana's.Great food and ambiance. Could not be happier about my food. Wish I could try everything on the menu. Drinks are great as well.  It should have more staff on hand...I could eat here every day tho. A must try!Tacos were super, super dry. So dry that my jaw hurt from chewing the first mouthful. Please stop serving this food immediately. So bad.Amazing !!  We found this place at 1am while we were on our way from the airport to our hotel. We had the following; 
- The tortilla Soup- one of the best over ever had. Perfect flavor! 
- the special guacamole- the mango gave the guac another level! Delicious! Definitely brought to share for two. It came with house fresh tortillas chips which I found a bit bland but it's ok cause everything else had soooo much flavor! 
-We had the 5 tacos: the tacos were huge, had a lot of meat! Amazing! 
-- barbacoa (amazing flavor
-- carnitas! Some of the best
-- grilled skirt steak! 
And to finish it all we had two huge frozen passion fruit margaritas,  
Total was $62, total! Amazing!This place is just off the beating path from bourbon street and it is a hole in the wall with a Mexican vibe. We ordered a starter of guacamole and it was definitely enough for three people I did ask for extra pickled onions because they tasted so good. We each got one of the tacos a la crate since it's super huge! (Al Pastor, Carne Asada x2). They come on two corn tortillas, I did ask for flower tortillas but they do not have any. The drinks are strong which was nice. We will becoming back to this place. They do accommodate large groups (10 people)A small quiet authentic Mexican place serving really really good food. I had the barbacoa taco and the pork grilled in banana leaf taco and both were delicious. Thank you!!I come here at least 2x a week! Personally, the best Mexican food I've ever tried. They are open till 4am which is convenient for me since I work late nights. The guacamole, cheese soup, and the pick threes tacos (carne asada, chicken, and fajitas) are my favorites.This place has some issues. No idea how the food was because we told waiter we were in a rush and ordered and they didnt put the food on flgrill for 30+ min. The PLACE is EMPTYSERVICE... Service is key when you go to a restaurant/bar in a touristy location. I've been to NOLA twice and have experienced ALL kinds of customer service.  I'm always on a hunt for "THAT" place that is up to par ALL around.  This place served just that: friendly service,  decent tacos,  great drinks. 
Parking: HA HA HA... not near Bourbon St.
Setting: Mexican joint,  Mexican themed,  MEXICAN FAB.U.LOUS. 
Drinks: drinks are a bit pricey ($25 for a good shot of tequila); they do have their own custom drinks too... with jalapeno and all if you're looking to spice things up.   The best part is that the ingredients are natural. I saw the bar tender,  who just happened to be amazing too, mash up the fresh berries and jalapenos in a molcajete! (T'was a yummy drink)...
TACOS: carne asada tacos were tasty,  but then again were Californians invented the taco, therefore have high expectations.  On a scale of 1 to 10, these were a 7.5/8.
In all,  as a party of 5, we spent over $400 in this place ( much of the bill was alcohol though). If you're looking for a place with decent Mexican,  then this might be the place.Great atmosphere and our waiter was awesome and funny. Great interaction. Food was great and margaritas were tasty.  Seeya again on day. 
Friends from Toronto CanadaJust off Bourbon Street, this little dive of a Mexican Restaurant is a diamond in the rough. Nawlins is known for the Seafood but there are only so many ways to prepare shrimp. LOL
After the brief walk down the dark side street, I began to question my sanity for risking my safety. A few steps later, I arrived at the dingy dim lit restaurant. There is a pick up window on the sidewalk with ease for the Bartender to hand out orders. There is about 5 high tables along the wall across from the bar and a medium size area in the back for larger parties.
My Waiter was my Bartender and my Bartender was drinking just about as much as he was selling. However, he did make a mean margarita.
Chips & Cheese - the cheese was cold and stiff. It was ok after I sent it back to be heated up.
Tacos - well seasoned steak and chicken both with fresh chopped onions and cilantro filled thin fresh white corn tortillas were so good.
This is a nice place to visit if you want to break free from the Seafood.The worst tacos ever, so dry, completely inedible.  Our friends food never even came out.  The owner (a half hour after asking to speak to management) was the rudest person in food service I have ever met.  They also had a 8 month pregnant waitress who literally did ALL the work while the rest of the guys stood around and watched her.  DO NOT COME HERE!!!Stopped in on a Saturday night with 5 friends and they were able to accommodate us with no wait although it is a very small restaurant. Service was great and the tacos were delicious!! The shrimp had a kick to it and they do not skimp on the meat. A friend ordered the coco-ñada which we all agreed was very very good. Would have been 5 stars except it was very very warm in the restaurant. I'm not sure if they were having issues with ac or if it's normally that warm.Within 5 minutes of entering this place I fell in love with the people that work here! Drink are great, food is good and the conversation kept me her for a 3 hour duration. I suggest you sit at the bar and take to the bartenders. Most lovable people! Thank you guys for making a rainy night in New Orleans special!guac was awful and the bartender (blue hair) was extremely rude. was happy to help a small business during covid but sadly this place was not worth the time and money.This is the worst place ever!!! The customer service is awful and the food is disgusting. The manager is so unprofessional and rude. Please stay far away from this place. DO NOT GO HERE!Really great food let down by poor and VERY slow service. It took over an hour for our entrees to arrive and our server was incapable of smiling. 
Oh, and at 7:30pm, they were out of avocados. A Mexican restaurant without gauc.
That said, the food we did have was very good/redeeming. We'll likely give them the benefit of the doubt and try them again.Wife and I came to NOLA for a week and tried so many places with vegan options and by far this was the very best, we ordered guac and chips, nopales and portobello al pastor tacos and margaritas. Every single item was amazing including the salsa verde, pico de gallo, red onions and cucumbers that you get with your tacos. Like we say in México TIENEN BUEN SAZÓN!!! Also they were so fast when bringing food and drinks. Don't recall the name of the girl making the drinks and getting the orders but if you read this... THANK YOU SO MUCH!
She was taking orders, making drinks, bringing food with no problemI was very impressed by the guac here; super fresh, perfectly seasoned, and just the right combination of textures. I also tried the tacos. My personal favorite was the Rojas poblanos. Brian made the best margaritas!  especially enjoyed the ¡HOLA PEPI!My family and I came here and had a pleasant experience. The service was slow but the staff is very friendly. Food is tasty. The mango margarita had good presentation but didn't seem to have any alcohol or very little. Other than that the atmosphere is awesome and restaurant is clean.My favorite Mexican in the Quarter. The food is the freshest and the drinks are strong, but not too strong. But the owner and wait staff are what make it superb.Super friendly staff. Great food. Carnitas taco was nice and juicy and the vegetarian options were all excellent. Staff was little busy which caused a slight miscommunication on the order, however they resolved it quickly. Also have great margaritas and a plentiful tequila selection with good prices.Fern was an awesome server, bartender, cook, and superwoman. Food was delicious! We really loved her.We were taking a walk through the Quarter and randomly found this AMAZING place. We are both from CA and miss good Mexican food. This place has so many great options! We literally dream about their Queso Fundito and guacamole. The staff is SO friendly and their delivery is suprisingly fast. We waited in line for a while during Cinco de Mayo (which we didn't mind at all because the food is so good) and the super friendly staff offered us horchata while we waited. I can't wait to sit at their bar and enjoy their food and drinks once everything reopens. Love this place!Baaaaaaby, when I tell u the food here is authentic Mexican & friggin beyond good!!!! The entrance is so small u could easily miss it. But please don't do that to yourself. Once inside, it is lovely, hella clean, the drinks are def worth it, the food is GREAT!!! And I am a taco snob!!! I want them authentic like my abuelita just took them out the oil. The music is nice too. Go, Love it, Thank Me later!! Did I mention they are open hella late? Perfect place to go to help soak up the liquor. The next time I am in town, I will be back here ASAP!!!
The carnitas RULE!!!Oh man this place is the frikin best!!!  Their food & service is always 5 stars!!! They're open late too! The bar looks really cool! The Horchata is to DIE FOR!!! I LOOOVE the Elotes & for sure the Nachos whether you choose Steak or Chicken!!!Love this place! Great option for locals or visitors. Food is good and not the wildly jacked up prices you find further into the French Quarter. The decor is crazy cute! Our waiter was okay but not great. I've uploaded some pictures for reference.Excellent! Margaritas are top notch. Enjoyed the Elote and queso fundido. Waiting on our tacos now :)Not coming back anymore. Somehow they have 20% gratuity built in no matter what and I did not realize this until my recent visit! Also, this was the only Mexican place where I order Jalapeno margarita and they put pickled jalapeno from the jar... No wonder this place is literally so empty every time I go. Seriously the only thing good about this place is their chips. Salsa sucks. Service Sucks. Margarita (even the classic one) sucks even though they ask for a prime price. DO NOT GO THERE. Just walk few blocks and go to Felipes or El Gato Negro in the French Market.The Bestie was craving Margaritas..  (I know, we're in NOLA, sacrilege!).   This little place was suggested to us.  It's only half a block off crazy Bourbon!  Probably one of the best & most unusual takes on guacamole..  Margaritas were requested & were Cunada delivered!  I had the Cadillac & bff, the  Rio Grande (made with fresh hibiscus juice).  Only wish we could have hit this place for Cinco de Mayo!Stumbled upon this gem before leaving NOLA. Homemade chips that you can smell cooking and the guacamole is delicious! It's not like your regular bland guac you get at a chain restaurant. We only had that and some beers but next time we are in town this will definitely be on our agenda for dinner or lunch.After a great dinner experience at Arnaud's just a block away, we found ourselves in the mood for something a little more familiar. With a few cocktails in us already, we thought to ourselves "what's a good drink to keep this going?" - a michi! Duh!
Here's the thing, micheladas aren't a thing in good ol' NOLA. When we would attempt to explain how to make one, we still ended up with one overpowered by Bloody Mary mix and sprinkled with Cajun spices. That's not to say they were bad, but it just wasn't that refreshingly crisp, limey, chili-rimmed, tomatoey goodness we're used to back home in LA. 
Alas, we wandered into La Cuñada, in hopes that "la cuñis" would have the right recipe. Lo and behold, hers resembled more of what we were in search of. Although they also use Bloody Mary mix to create a michelada, they know the real deal is giving it that splash of Clamato and getting that chili rim right with what I assume was either Tajin or a mix of Mexican spices. 
As decent as the michis were, I couldn't end the night without something a little more spirited. So we also had a pour each of one of the featured mezcals' on the shelves. It was just the thing to cap off the night.
Be it that we didn't sample the food, whatever we saw being served looked appetizing. We were already full from our meal earlier, but we did munch on some chips and salsa - you can't pass on that at a Mexican restaurant. However, my review is strictly based on the drinks, the energy, and the hospitality. Overall, it was a pleasant stop to get our fix for a classic michelada. The lady working the bar provided amazing service and made it an amicable encounter. After all, it was only us in the restaurant for a great portion of the time we were there. We were surprised to find it empty upon arrival, as most of the drinking and partying was happening on Bourbon St just a couple yards away, but patrons began trickling in as the night progressed. That worked In our favor anyway, as we got to enjoy the space, admire the interior, and most importantly chat it up with the lady serving us. If you're in town and looking for a good michelada, head to La Cuñada - you can likely ask them to hold the Bloody Mary mix if you're seeking something more classic.I highly recommend this spot especially for tequila lovers! I've been wanting to go for a while, so I finally took a friend for his birthday. We received the most helpful and attentive service from Axel who is very knowledgeable about the whole wall of tequila offerings. The tacos and guacamole were fresh and delicious! The decor and ambiance are both sexy and good for a date. Even though they didn't currently have dessert, they made us a little pepper face plate with a candle. They require masks and wear them themselves. It is very clean, so don't be afraid to visit. They also have walk-up service, so please support your local businesses! And it inspired me to write my first review, so that is saying something!This place was so so so good! We had an excellent time. The guacamole is nice and fresh and they make it according to your specifications if and when asked. We got the guacamole without cheese (vegan) and it was amazing. The guacamole is $10 which at first seemed daunting until we saw the size of the portions -- HUGE! You should definitely get the guacamole to share/plan on taking it back after.
We also got the frozen blueberry margarita. Our server, who was also the bartender, told us that all the ingredients (including the flavoring for the margarita) are fresh! We were not disappointed when we had our margarita- it tasted super fresh and far from the usually artificial tastes that syrupy margarita's have.
Our server was incredible too. Despite how busy the place was, we were consistently attended to.Came over here looking for something a bit different than what is in the french market. Food and service were great, and it was nice to see some vegan options. :)I will give this place one star because the one bite I had from my chicken Tinga taco was good but the service and racial discrimination me and my friends received was absolutely DISGUSTING!
First off the pregnant waitress that took our order was being weird so we knew something was up. We waited so long for our food, we asked her about it and instead of addressing us properly to accommodate proper customer service or even being a proper mature adult she storms off saying how she only takes the orders and isn't in the kitchen. OKAY... she acted as if we personally blamed her, that was never the case we only asked because there was a total of only 3 tables us included and we were the ones being ignored and not even being checked up on. 
We get our food and we need more lemons for our tacos, my friend goes to ask her for more and her response is "maybe you're friend shouldn't of used them, they weren't for her" WHAT ARE YOU JOKING 
My friend gave her a few substitutions, she asked for no jalepenos and there were many in her food. So she takes the plate to her to tell her, the pregnant waitress proceeds to be very disrespectful and put her hand in my friends face then walk away.
We ask for a manager at this point, welp there's not one.
A sweet Hispanic worker comes out to talk to us, to check on us and she was told that there was a LANGUAGE BARRIER with our group that's why things were going wrong. WE ALL SPEAK ENGLISH!! Yes, we are Hispanic but we are all educated, college graduates English speakers. 
Like I said at least the one bite I got to enjoy was good but my Mexican Coke was flat.I highly recommend you find another restaurant to dine at. 2 tacos took over an hour to be served and when we kindly asked the staff when it would be out, they aggressively said it would take 10 minutes without even looking at our order. The tacos were dry no matter how much salsa you put on it. The guy with the curly long hair could be nicer to his customers.I want to start off by saying the service by our server was A M A Z I N G !!!!!!!!!! He went out his way to help us with everything and make sure we got the best of the best ! Servers like this make your experience much more enjoyable :) ! Super attentive and very people friendly ! Lola was amazing and should be rewarded for such great customer service. We are traveling from DMV & Miami and honestly recommend this place 100% ! Such a different twist in New Orleans better than the seafood taking over French quarters.Went to this restaurant today and won't go back. I'm a local and very disappointed that the bartender was beyond sullen, disinterested and down right rude. We ordered a  drink & lunch and ate at the bar. The bartender stood right across from us and looked at his phone, never once smiled or moved away to give us some privacy. We were very uncomfortable. When the check came I thought we were overcharged but didn't want to question the bill because the bartender was so difficult. The food was good but the experience was so unpleasant that we won't be back. Too bad!Seriously understaffed the night we came in. 
One of our dishes came out cold. But we understood why. They tried. We ended up sending the dish back, which was elote.
Best taco was the chicken tinga. Steak was too dry, shrimp was fishy.Definitely not what we were looking for as far as a Mexican food establishment. The margaritas were bland and we did not even finish them. In fact, they tasted more like salt than tequila. The queso was stringy. It seemed like a combo of melted cheddar and mozzarella. I expect to be able to eat queso with a chip, but this was like extremely stringy pizza cheese. Finally, we did not even have enough chips for the queso and requested extra but they cost more money and since the queso was not that good and the chips were bland, we just left the remaining quesoLooking for some veggie options in the Quarter, we found Cuñada on Yelp and gave it a try. Despite arriving 10 minutes before they opened, we were warmly greeted and welcomed to this quaint establishment. We enjoyed several small plates including tortilla soup, a shrimp taco, and nachos. As well, I enjoyed the $5 house margarita on the rocks with salt--it was quite yummy!
The soup is served in two bowls, one with the veggies and chips, one with the warm, rich broth--keeping those chips from getting soggy. 
The taco was served with tart pickled onions, radish, roasted green onion and jalapeño, and fresh Pico de Gallo. The shrimp were moist and had the lovely char-grill taste, wrapped in delicate tortillas. 
And lastly, the nachos were also served in two dishes, with a cheese sauce on the side. The chips were thin and crisp, covered with cotija, jalapeños, those lovely pickled onions, crema, and cilantro--and you could drizzle or dip your chips as you please. 
One doesn't often come to NOLA to eat Mexican food, but if you tire of gumbo or just need a break from meat, this restaurant fills the bill with flavorful offerings to satisfy both carnivores and herbivores, in a pleasant, friendly setting.I love everything about this spot! I believe this is my new found favorite taco and margarita spot in the city. I went on Margarita Monday, and typically when it's a marg special the drink are heavily filled with sweet and sour and mixers.... however, this was not the case! The margs were spot on perfect! Strong and tasty! You can literally taste the fresh lime and no pre made mixers. I also tried the chicken Tinga and shredded pork taco, it was so delicious! My friend ordered the nachos which were really tasty! They were out of guacamole on that day so I couldn't try the tropical guacamole which was a little disappointing however it' was a great experience! The atmosphere was fun, tropical, and comfy! I can't wait to go back. I ate all my food before I could take a pic lol, it was that good!Everywhere we travel we try to find a good Mexican restaurant. This was a good pick and we enjoyed our food and drinks. Our server was awesome as well!A buddy of mine talked me into trying this place instead of our typical Taco Tuesday go to. So glad we did. The only table available was outside, which was cold! After 10 minutes they came inform us they were cleaning a table for us, awesome hospitality.
Atmosphere was incredible, food was delicious, and drinks were amazing. Will be back.We stopped here randomly. We didn't research it or find it online. The place is small and quaint. We were seated at a table right away and brought menus. My wife and I both ordered tacos. The tacos were spectacular, the beans were very tasty.  The rice was good as well. All of the staff were friendly and attentive. We will definately visit again!