Table for 10...we were seated quickly, then....it went all wrong. Bug in salad, orders incomplete...10 in our group and they DON'T and will NOT separate the checks. A server shared that this was a big complaint everyday and the owner refuses to enter into 2016. It would make more sense. The main focus was selling the 2 for 1 Hurricanes!!!went here and got a philly cheesesteak sandwich, which was about average..had better. but it was okay overall..another time came here late night for breakfast..breakfast was fine..the waitress was really nice the 1st time we came in here..they had the football game on and we had an area all to ourselves to watch the game, which im sure is rare but we came in 11/13. overall this place was fineI googled best seafood omelette in New Orleans and it came up Daisy Dukes so off we went. Walked in, not greeted. Sat down, waited about 5-7 min. Waitress asked what I wanted, told her coffee black with a water. After walking around, talking with teammates I asked her again, she cane back a few min later. I and another couple were the only patrons as it was 5 am. Ordered the omelette with a side of sourcream... omelette brought out had no crawfish, 3 pieces of tomatoes and almost no cheese. When a male server came by I showed him the sad serving and he promptly had it fixed. Brought it back with same hashbrowns now room temp and a luke warm biscuit and then told they do not have sour cream which if I had known would not have ordered the dish. I poked at it for a bit then paid my 18.00 check and left very disappointed to go eat at another place that hit the spot. Male server tried his best to be apologetic and I get it but dang, $18 bucks and another $20 to replace the bad breakfast. Now I know why they don't wear name tags. Won't be backThis is K's and my go-to spot when we're hungry at like 11 pm, which actually happens quite often because he eats at odd hours and I'm hungry every two hours.
Our most recent visit was at around 3:30 am. We both had a busy week and passed out way too early on a Friday night and woke up super hungry in the middle of the night. We knew we wanted to get some food that wasn't fast food, so we drove all the way to the quarter to Daisy Dukes.
I like their gumbo, and I think I've got wings here twice already (just cuz we seem to end up there when I am having cravings for wings). I've had the alligator sausage meal, which is pretty pricey but delicious. K has ordered pork chops, blackened fish (which was pretty good), and some other things I now can't remember. He can be a rather picky eater, but he hasn't complained about any of the food here.
We will keep going back to Daisy Dukes as long as they're open when no one else is.LATE NIGHT NOLA  it's not gourmet but it'll do and you know what  the people working there are so nice and fun it's a 2am mustTo start, I was at Daisy Dukes on Fat Tuesday for lunch, and the serves was wonderful, the bartender was courteous and the meal was prepared swiftly. Hurricanes were 2-4-1 and delicious and complimented my Po'boy alligator sausage sandwich just perfectly! My friend had the seafood omelet. We were both quite satisfied!Go to the one on Carondelet. Food is a lot better and their is less hustle and bustle. Was very disappointed coming here.Everything was hot & delicious. Highly recommend the mozzarella sticks, chicken tenders and gumbo!Good food at reasonable prices. 
The fried green tomatoes were very good but a bit bready. The sampler was good and the boiled crawfish was exceptional!Got into town late Monday night and yelp suggested Daisy dukes and then the valet driver at the hotel were we stayed and he said the food was great. After 10pm had a great meal for a very affordable price and my kids had more than enough food that they had leftovers for the next day!! Nice setting and location!!! Give thumbs up when New Orleans!Popped in for an early breakfast.  Seated quickly our waitress was attentive.  The food was very good not greasy and prepared properly.  The coffee was excellent.  It was a great start to our day.  Keep in mind the whole in the wall places usually have the best food - this one was no different.  Would I return ?  Yes definitely.Greasy and average food. But a great experience of going to a dive bar - breakfast style. The blasting country music will convey what I mean when you arrive.Good food and fast service but Bloody Mary wasn't all it was cracked up to be. That's ok though decent price and still drank it for sure.Service is quite fair... oysters were really good, the lb of crawfish was tasty, the gumbo was not good compared with others I have tried. The plate of gumbo is big. What I loke the most was the oysters. Service was ok besides they confused a cup of gumbo with a full portion. This place is perfect for a very latr dinner because  they open till late. We ate there a 2am.Their gyro is pretty good but really greasy. I went there in July and the meat was better than it is today. Not sure if its a change in qualify of meet, cook or new owner.Food was decent, but the wait was horrible - waiting for menus, waiting for our bill (15 mins), waiting on our water that never came and a refill of my Pepsi that never came.Food: 3.0/5.0
Service: 3.5/5.0
Value: 3.5/5.0
Decor: 3.0/5.0
Overall: 3.0/5.0
Standard diner experience.  Did the red beans & rice, because... well, Nawlins'.  Friendly service, short wait.What a phenomenal feast. Come here for the crawfish Monday through Friday noon-6 for their endless crawfish boil. Only wish I had discovered this place sooner. Truly phenomenal.Reasonable, cute little breakfast place in the Quarter that is not overly crowded. Got in right and seated right away. 
Found this place through Yelp, so we figured we had a winner - can get good seafood or Gumbo in New Orleans, but a good breakfast can be difficult to come by!! 
Couldn't help but wonder if our waitress had a late night before coming to work that morning. Out of it, sloooowww, and a little bit of an attitude. Wished we had the other cheery woman who greeted us at the door. 
Heard their bloody marys were good - and bottomless! - Not a big bloody mary fan, but hey! My tastes have changed and I'll check it out! Was good! Except, there was no booze in the drink - my friend confirmed this when he joined us later and ordered one as well. 
Food was decent. Priced good and was your standard breakfast fare. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy - which was the best thing we ordered. Their omlettes were good, but nothing special and their pancakes and hashbrowns were the same.
Did take everyone's advice and ordered the bacon extra crispy - even then it wasn't super crispy, but still good. If you don't like your bacon on the soggy side..make sure you do this!
Over all, it's a good place to hit in the quarter for breakfast. Was seated right away and the price was right.Small place, nothing fancy, but the food is good and reasonably priced. Even my picky eater found something he liked.Great food relaxing atmosphere exactly what you want in NOLA. Best of all my bill was only $13! Not the most most glitzy places but definitely worth going toGot the pancakes for breakfast and they were amazing, light and fluffy and did not turn to concrete when they hit your stomach. Great prices and excellent service.I don't know. I just don't know. If you like greasy spoon type places this is for you. I don't.  It IS cheap and the portions you can eat off of for a few days.  Not much that is good for you here and the service took quite a long time.   It seems that this place is banking on the overindulgent heading for heart-attack Tourist.
I would skip it and find something more fun and better for you. Maybe head to the farmers market on the water? (Meals from the Heart is MY fav!)The many times I have been to this location, I don't remember the pancakes being bland. Regardless, I always enjoy the fast service, hospitable servers and good food. I'll be backFood was just okay. We both ordered the Seafood omelet and they were overcooked a d dry. The grits were grainy but the biscuit was good.
Wouldn't go back because there are too many other places to eatGood, cheap breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast and hashbrowns only $4.50. On top of that this place was so clean. Staff is friendly and attentive. We will be back.Friendly staff, great Cajun food near the quarter without spending a lot.  We were there 4 times in 4 days!  They will show you how to eat the crawfish.Nice hangover food! Cheeseburger was bigger than my head, plus they have a bottomless Bloody Mary. The staff was extremely warm and friendly. They made us feel at home. Overall, a good place to eat while walking around the Quarter.Great place to eat late at night. The food is good, and won't break that bank. This place is way better than eating at a fast food joint. We wen't twice and didn't regret it.Came for a late night snack. Service was very friendly, and the food was good. Shared an oyster po boy and red beans and rice. They were both pretty good and definitely hot the spot after a night of bar hopping.This place is a hidden gem. It's one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots. The biscuits are the best. I got the hot sausage omelet with peppers and tomatoes. My meal was great. This place reminds you of good ole country cooking. It's also have the Creole staple dishes.Daisy Dukes tried unsuccessfully to scam my girlfriends out of $20. They were a large party and when they paid the bill with cash they were confronted and harassed by the management and accused of passing fraudulent money...even involving the police, all this over $20!!! Unbelievable that a restaurant would sacrifice their reputation with lovely tourists over $20! Shameful!It was great! I had the Chicken Philly Cheese and it was so much that it could hardly fit! Was delivered fast by a nice guy who accepted my largesse of a tip graciously. When I'm back in NOLA, it'll be on my list of places to visit again.This place was recommended to us because it was an affordable breakfast, and it was affordable and that was all . I would not recommend this restaurant.  The staff was not friendly.   The bloody Marys were advertised as best in NOLA and were far from it , my daughter did not even finish it, and did not come with a crawfish as all pictures advertised.  When asked they said they were out of season. The mimosas were standard butcame in plastic cups.We had our breakfast delivered to our hotel twice during our week long New Orleans vacation.  We loved the quick service (arrived in half the time than the order said it would take) and we definitely got more food for our buck than we would have gotten with room service ;). We had pancakes, pork chops, eggs, bacon, sausage, and gravy with biscuits...it was delicious both times!  They had everything from utensils to condiments (didn't need to ask for them).  We will definitely be ordering breakfast from them every time we are in New Orleans.I ordered the scrambled eggs with alligator and it was really good. The crawfish was also delicious. Overall the food is great here. The customer service is mediocre and slow. I would come again for the food but know not to expect much attention from the wait staff.This is my go to spot whenever I'm in town. It's open 24 hours a day and you can always expect a hot meal with great service. My favorite is the Cajun omelet, just think in about it makes my mouth water. Owweeee where you at?!Waitress was very nice, but none of the food stood out in any way. My buddies got some pounds of the Crawfish and they weren't very good. I tried one to confirm and it was kind of flavorless. I got the shrimp po boy, with which I was very unimpressed.I really wasn't pleased with the gumbo either. Just my two cents. You can find a better place. The Cajun food I get in South Texas was better, sadly. Maybe it was an off night.By far the best gumbo in New Orleans! 
Walked right in and was seated in less than 5 minutes. After I was seated my waitress walked over with water and took my order. Food was out in less than 10 mins! Ordered the spicy gumbo and it was to die for! Next time I'm in town I will definitely return!!!!!Awesome for breakfast can't say enough good things about our server Daisy she was outstanding.We were there for breakfast around 4:30 in the morning. Since they are a 24 hour place, you can get whatever you want even at that time. The gumbo has a little heat and is some of the best I have had. The shrimp po boy was full of shrimp and seasoned well. The service was good, but not great. The prices were reasonable especially in the Quarter. It was a little on the dirty side but they were changing shifts at the time we were there.Had the spicy gumbo. Wasn't too spicy at all to my dismay. No gumbo file either, looked at me like I was the first to ever ask for it. Everyone else in my party enjoyed the food. Got a small pizza to go for the wife, we both liked it.I think faster service would be nice but you cannot force perfection in a touristy area.Waited outside to be seated and took forever to get a server. Restaurant was not even busy. Managers excuse was , that there was only one server on the clock and she took no initiative to ask if we wanted a drink while we waited for our server. POINTERS- Keep a full staff, especially during MARDIGRA season, I understand things happen and staff members come and go, but when needed step up your manager game and be hands on, at least with customers.Great Value, Big Portions, Yum!
We were tired, hungry and SO glad we stopped in. Service was fast and the portions were HUGE! We ordered the chicken po'boy (1 each) and we probably could have split one! (but we didn't... that tends to happen when the food is awesome) It was stuffed with meat, stringly gooey cheese, and fresh toppings. 
Lunchtime WIN!Slow service, slow kitchen, mediocre food. Don't bother. Although great for suburban tourists.Great food for the price. Large portions, straightforward. We had breakfast which was quickly prepared and hit the spot. Great place to go  if you have been out all night & looking for a quick bite.New Orleans hidden treasure! We found this little spot at 2am off the beaten path. Quiet little place where the waitresses were tshirts and jeans and the music is soulful. 
We decided on 1/2 dozen raw oysters for $6, cup of gumbo, Bottomless Bloody Mary and the waitress was kind enough to give us a free sample of crawfish. Instead of a sample, the cook provided us with a lot more and we were grateful. Although the crawfish was a bit on the small side, it had big flavor. The Bloody Mary...on the other hand...was um....a bit much. It came in this huge glass with about 12 olives, 4 pickled okra, 2 slices of lime, a slice of lemon, 3 huge celery stalks and it was spicy as hell. Ugh...upset stomach. And there were free refills of it...ugh. The gumbo was amazing...great flavor...rice at the bottom..everything a cup of gumbo should be and more. The raw oysters were very fresh and tasted great.
Our total bill was about 27 bucks...so if you are looking for a cheap meal away from the Bourbon Street circus...go to Daisy Dukes.Good inexpensive food any time of the day.  The staff is native New Orleans and treats you like family from the time you sit down. I recommend it to anyone especially since they're open 24/7. 
Hidden gem for breakfast!This place was recommended by locals so we thought we'd give it a try. The bottomless Bloody Mary was good and everyone else enjoyed their étouffée and spicy shrimp.  I had the gumbo and, actually, got sick. My dish arrived barely luke warm. It tasted okay but certainly wasn't good enough to make me devour the food. Our server was quite nice but I really will never return to Daisy Dukes for food when I visit New Orleans again. I'd rather go to Coop's or Acme.The food was awful... I was expecting comfort food and got bland barely warm crap. You don't cut up some processed sausage patties dump it on bland gravy and call it "country style sausage gravy". My husbands chicken fried steak was cold and again it was all bland... don't waste your time or money on this place.Don't miss the Cajun Omelette and make sure you get their bottomless Bloody Mary that's comes with a crawfish garnishment.Daisy Dukes was a good breakfast place. 
It's not your fancy restaurant but the food is really good. Plus it's not expensive  at all.Had me a veggie omelette with a bloddy Mary to start my day right. It came with a cup of fruit. I never had a bloddy Mary before and it wasn't my cup of tea. But it looked really nice and they gave me a refill to go. Nice relaxed atmosphere with soft background music. They have a 2 eggs special for less than $5.Daisy Dukes is great! While I have only checked out this place after hours, our group made nightly voyages to this 24-hour establishment for drinks to anyone thirsty, delicious food for anyone hungry (try the gumbo--it's incredible!), and a relaxing place to chill. The staff is also friendly and fun to hang with. I'd definitely visit again.I was with a group of friends wondering around for late late night food, when a local suggested daisy dukes. It was perfect drunk food with breakfast options and classic New Orleans food! Definitely bookmarked this place for next time.Went specifically for the wings, and boy were thy a let down! We ordered the lemon pepper and spicy garlic wings. First off, they should have put a small price of foil in the to go container so that the two flavors wouldn't mix, but nope. The chicken itself was unseasoned and the wings were fried really hard. The service was not the best, but it wasn't the worst either. If you want some real good fried chicken in NOLA, skip Daisy Dukes and head over to Willie Mae's Scotch House.Horrible service and poor management. Very rude when asked to split the bill between couples. Instead the manager told us we needed to figure it out, even after the waiter did it for us the previous day. Didn't have any crawfish although it's in season. The manager asked if we wanted the homemade dessert. We asked how it was...he said it's f****** good. Not recommended, plenty other places with great food and service. Pier 424 on bourbon blows this place away!I know a lot of people like this place and I did at one point, After future visits Ive changed my mind. Being a CA girl Ive learned I'm used to fast things and every where in NO is SLLLLLOWWW! This place takes the cake for slow service. On top of that the last time I was there I had to wait for the waitress to tell her "baby daddy jail lock up story" to the table behind us with some guy hitting on her. Then she tells him "if he cant pay her bills he cant have a phone number"...EEEWWWWEEEE hunny, class set sail far from that ship. Next she mentions my daughters race and ASSumes we are similar and best friends because we both share biracial children. Riggggghhht. I don't get it? Many of the waitresses in there were lacking the same common sense as the one I was stuck with and cared to gossip more than service their tip paying customers. I was not overly impressed by the food and my gumbo tasted like Chili. I come to NO for the real deal, not some knock of scared version of what it should taste like. Only plus is there open into the weeee hours...but its not like your getting your food until the mid next day anyhow.Like a lot of other folks, we came here when the line for Jimmy J's was just too long. This line was moving much quicker and our party of 7 was soon seated. 
Now the menu was not nearly as interesting as the menu for Jimmy J's, but they do have your standard breakfast fare. Food came out promptly and was pretty average. Prices were reasonable. I think the groups favorite part was the bottomless bloody Mary's. 
Not a bad place to go if you are looking for something quick and traditional. I was the only one of the group looking for something a little more unique, and do regret that we didn't just wait for Jimmy J's.Very selective service. My waitress didn't want to be there, neither did the manager, from other reviews it seems they prefer locals. As a person in the restaurant industry I was shocked it was like something you only hear about, it literally blew my mind how bad the service was. If you had a good experience I'm so happy for you because I really wish I did. I just downloaded Yelp today just so I can share this horrible experience so if you are from out of town I advise you to avoid this placeWalking around and saw this spot, so in we go. Pretty small place with lots of art on the walls and you can purchase them. By the time we left, the line was long  outside.  Onto the food...the server was super nice, I never had half a cup of coffee before it was refilled. I got the alligator sausage omelet with a biscuit and hash browns. I was pleased with how much sausage came in the omelet. Fluffy eggs and tomatoes over the top of the omelet. I would recommend this place for breakfast. The service was awesome and the food real good. Don't be put off with the line outsidePerfect place to stop in for breakfast after a long night of mardi gras fun. The spicy bloody mary is amazing. The service is something to be patient about because they are usually packed. However, the wait is worth it. Relax...you are in New Orleans.The food tasted good and the prices were very reasonable.  The interior wasn't the best and that why it's a 4 star.  If you want a good breakfast and cheap. Go thereMy 8 year old daughter said, "I thought Daisy Dukes has the best pancakes I've ever tasted, but don't forget the Eggs and Bacon. I couldn't believe my tongue. I couldn't even try to speak it was just to die for. Go and see for yourself, I'm sure you'll like it and enjoy your time."It is open 24 hours, that's about the only reason to go there... the food is nasty, the service, happens only after the staff serves their friends special dished not available to the public....Next to Marriott Hotel 555. Just outside of the rear entrance. Kinda divey but great for a fast Burger and drinks. Two burgers, soup, a martini, soda and fries $31. The burgers were big and good, the gumbo was the best and if you like spicy the very best! Went back for the early bird breakfast which was eggs, bacon, toast, home fries $3. Both meals were good and for the price ....terrific open 24/7. Don't let the look of the place stop you. $3 for breakfast you can always get up and leave.I go here at least twice everytime I visit NOLA.  The crawfish etoufee and alligator sausage is some of the best I've ever had.  The atmosphere is very divey but the food is quick and portions are generous.  I'd recommend this place to anyone seeking authentic cajun food.
A huge plus to this place is it's open 24 hrs which is amazing if you're a night owl like me!Got the shrimp basket which said it was served with cajun fries.  It was a ton of shrimp on a platter (good if you like large portions) and the fries were regular old not good fries -- nothinbg cajun about them.  Service was not very friendly -- but the food did come quickly.  Got so sick from the food I was ill for the next 24 hours.This place was highly recommended by hotel staff at our recent visit to New Orleans. We were impressed that they delivered although we did not use the service. 
The food was real good...we had breakfast after 1 PM which was great for us since we were on vacation. The service was so-so. The waitress greeted us and took our drink order. A second person deliver the drinks. The first waitress took our food order and a second person deliver the food. Overall the experience was better than average. 
It was good enough for us to return later that night for a late dinner.OPEN 24 HOURS!! This is the place to eat breakfast and get it like you want it. You want your eggs from midnight to 10 am, This Is the place!! 
I have eaten their breakfast since 2012, maybe 20 times.Went for breakfast and it was very good.  I would classify this restaurant as a dive, but with good food.  The prices were very reasonable, especially with a restaurant.com gift certificate.  The only complaint I had was that the coffee was a little expensive at $2.50.  I am from NY and coffee there is about $1.00, but still a good place.  Go to Daisy Dukes you won't be upset.small local spot w awesome food!!! Nothing fancy but the food and service are terrificGreat little nook in the crevice of New Orleans busy downtown area. Nothing huge very personal and friendly service. The staff are very welcoming and I got turned on to two new things, Alligator sausage and pooched eggs. The price was decent..they gave us that true New Orleans feel. Kinda wished the waitress outfits reflected the name.. "Daisy Dukes"Your money is better spent anywhere else in the quarter. Not worth the 30 minute wait in the sweltering hot doorway.Truth - I only came here for the unlimited bloody mary. 
The first time  - I ordered take out. They couldn't/wouldn't deliver alcohol to my hotel (bummer). Anyhow, ordered breakfast which was way too salty and tasted horrible. Which was a shock -- since being in NOLA this was the first time my food wasn't mind blowingly good. 
The Second time - I was really craving a bloody mary and so I cave and tried it again. The service wasn't that great. Clearly our waitor did not care very much about us ... ordered a sausage and a shrimp poboy. Both were pretty good.Service was okay... Price would have been reasonable until I received the starter dish "crab cakes w/two fried green tomatoes." The crab cakes were small, slightly warm (Almost room temperature and it was at least 40 degrees outside) and whatever unidentifiable seafood inside of the shaped appearance of a hockey puck was very smelly. That was sent back and replaced with room temperature gumbo W/white rice & a well-baked biscuit. Spicy Poboy Sausage sandwich was well seasoned & Cooked On a fresh crusted roll (delicious) that taste very similar to their alligator spicy sandwich. I definitely wouldn't recommend this restaurant to the next tourist... unless only place open selling food and you needed out of the rain (yes it was raining & my birthday). Subway is across the street may have been better for that time of hourShould have known this off canal place was going to be terrible the moment I walked in. Service was non-existent. The fried shrimp looked like they were frozen and shipped from China, i.e. they were tiny. It's the type you might expect to see on a crappy poboy but not in a platter. 
Wouldn't have gone if I wasn't dragged in, but since I was I feel compelled to warn others. If you don't care about taste, atmosphere, or service, then Daisy Dukes is for you.We ate here this morning before the parades in the French quarter... Man, I'm glad we stopped here because the cajun omelet was awesome! it was big and came with a hefty serving of hash browns and a biscuit. My wife had the Greek omelet and my kids had pancakes which were great! (I had to sneak a bite or two here and there from them) I also took them up on the bottomless bloody Mary... This thing has a good amount of kick and a whole lot of flavor.  They also appear to have paintings of local artist on the walls which I thought added a good amount of character. The manager that was there was friendly and came by to check on us before we left. I think his name was Alex or Alec? Service was  good.. Greeted by a hostess at the door and our sever Julie was friendly and checked on us for refills. We well be back next weekend before the parades and I will update my review..Reasonable prices, the ability to order easily ala carte and convenient location. Only complaint was the coffee: weak. I had the biscuits and gravy and the bicuits were really light and fluffy.Eat at Daisy Dukes for great breakfast anytime. It was late night; I had hashbrowns and she had eggs o/e, toast, and grits. This is the meal that brought us together.Excellent Bloody Mary!  Great spicy sausage po-boy.  Fried green tomatoes were really good as well.We stopped in twice during our stay over 2012 Carnival season and loved the personal attention, good sized portions, and menu selections. The gumbo was great!This IS THE BEST BLOOD MARY I've ever had. No joke. I've never posted a review but I felt compelled. Hospitality was insane and Gucci is the best bartender I've ever met. Do yourself a favor and ask Gucci to make you a Bloody Mary. You won't regret it.Red beans and rice tasted like hot dogs and pork and beans...the shrimp po boy was just OK.  The whole restaurant looked dingy and dirty...I was not impressed.Limited menu 
No pancakes after 12
Rude waitress (white with short hair)
Manager wasn't compromisingI would say the food here gets 3 stars and the price gives it an extra star! My friends and I stayed at a hotel near by and they gave us a menu for this restaurant, letting us know they are open 24/7 if we ever get hungry and they deliver! We also had a free delivery and 10% off coupon for unlimited use! Score! Honestly, I am ashamed, but at least one of us ordered from here every day! I personally had two different entrees. The first time we ordered, I got the cajun omelette. First off, let me just tell you the omelette itself was huge! It also came with a side and bread. I ordered grits as my side and a biscuit for my bread choice. The omelette itself was okay, nothing to rave home about. The grits were standard (i had to salt, pepper, and butter them to eat them) and the biscuit was pretty good. The portion size was ridiculously large though! I think i paid 6 or 7 bucks after discount and i was so full afterwards! I ordered the breakfast sandwich another day, and again the portion size was huge! And the sandwich was so tasty!!! My friends ordered burgers and other sides (i cant remember which ones) and they all raved about their food. This place definitely gives you good food for a great price that will fill you up!!!Having not been to Louisiana in about 12 years, I was excited to have some real crawfish, and to show off my crawfish-peelin' skills. ("Don't eat da straight ones!") We discovered Daisy Duke's had $20 all-you-can-eat crawfish and bottomless Bloody Marys (provided you purchased food) so we decided to check it out. 
Our waiter was plenty nice, and the restaurant, while pretty empty, seemed atmosphere-y enough for our large group of nine. The crawfish were served fairly quickly, but I knew these crawfish wouldn't be anything like the ones I remembered from neighborhood crawfish boils back in Bossier Parish. Where was the spice? The crawfish were on the bland side, definitely a disappointment. 
$20 for AYCE seems like a good deal, but beware; you'll be served up some spice-less crawfish, and between 30-50% of them will have straight tails. I left New Orleans regretting that I hadn't had a more enjoyable boil experience.Slow service - they sat our big party over in "the bar" section to the left and it was very hard to be paid attention to.   Their po boys were just OK, I've definitely had better.  This is a good place for drunk food all night, and that's about it.For breakfast on our final day, we wanted something simple to counterbalance Brennan's, so Daisy Dukes seemed like a reasonable choice. It was inexpensive (if you come early enough, you can get two eggs any way for $5). The seafood omelette was huge (the photo doesn't do it justice) and had a surprisingly large amount of shrimp and crawfish (lots more crawfish than were inside my Johnny's Po Boy for sure); the shrimp had the usual snap I associate w/ shrimp too.
Main negative for us was the has brown potatoes had the texture of linguine, but we prefer crunchy hash browned potatoes. The orange juice also tasted like it was from concentrate.This is a great spot to check out if you are in the French Quarters, they are open 24/7 I ate there twice on a five day trip. Food was good and staff was nice.I ducked in here today as it was raining.  The waiter talked me into a Bloody Mary "unlimited refills.". When I read the menu, it stated you needed to order a meal in order to get unlimited refills.  I wanted lunch anyway, so I ordered the $4.99 4-oz., burger with fries.  The Bloody Mary ($8.00) was THE WORST Bloody Mary I have ever had.  The burger was OK on a soggy bin (from the fat in the burger), lots of yellow onions (yuck!), and some really mushy tomatoes.  Oh, the pickles and lettuce were just fine.
So I didn't finish the Bloody Mary, and the waiter wanted to know if I wanted one to go.  Really???  I told him I didn't like it at all....don't know if it was the vodka or the mix, but it was bad, and there was no ice in it, so I put ice in it from the water.
Do NOT waste your time here (coupon or not).  There really are a lot of other good places with reasonable prices in The Quarter.We came here to skip lines at nearby restaurants. Big mistake! The food was terrible! I had a bacon and sausage omelet and my bacon was completely burnt. The bloody Mary looked amazing, but was also terrible.What a find.....no downtown prices herr and a great bloody Mary.
    Was on our way to ruby slipper and saw this place..great coffee. Seafood omelette was super fluffy and seasoned just right.  
Only complaint... Gravy was a little runny...but the taste made up for it.
Small cozy dinner. With electrical outlets at every booth.  So if you need a charge...Ate breakfast here during vacation and it was a good experience.  Friendly staff and good food.This place has horrible service. The water took 15 mins and the food over 40 mins to be completed for the take out order. I was there on a Monday  morning at 1am. 
The spicy sausage poboy was really good. Really good actually. The pork chop was ok and not stand out. The fried green tomato was bland and not cooked well. I like the tomato crisp but not crunchy or raw. The gumbo was standard. 
If I was starving early in the morning and nothing else was open yes - go there. If not, pass.My boyfriend and I were starving after our flight to New Orleans, but it being midnight on Dec 25, not many places were open. Daisy Dukes was just a stone's throw from our hotel (ain't that the reason half the people make it here?), so we stopped by here for dinner. 
I grew up on Cajun/Creole cuisine since my parents lived in Louisiana for years and my mom is an LSU alum (go Tigers!). I knew from a quick glance at the Yelp reviews that I shouldn't expect anything mind-blowing, so perhaps that is why I'm giving this place a more favorable review. If you come in here understanding it's NOLA's version of a greasy diner, you'll come with the right mindset.
As others have noted, portions are abundant here. The Cajun fries, which were listed as a side, were easily a full meal's worth. One huge basket filled with starchy goodness, seasoned in Cajun spices. The fries were crisp and not too oil--a rather pleasant surprise. I also got the fried green tomatoes (again listed as a side). I was served a platter of 6 huge slices of fried tomatoes. I only made it through half before I cried uncle. Too. Much. Food. My boyfriend got the shrimp po boy with gumbo. The po boy was rather forgettable, but the gumbo wasn't too bad. A tad flavorless, but the consistency was good.
Service was quite speedy when were there and the waitress was quite nice in a brusque kind of way. In a pinch, this spot will do.I'm being generous based my friends' experiences here and not my own.  
I had a literal cup of gumbo, which, while very tasty, cost $6!  There was plenty of shrimp and sausage, and it was just spicy enough for my liking, but the cup was tiny and should have been priced around $3.  Thankfully I had an orange in my bag to satisfy my hunger while my friends finished eating.  
Obviously I should have ordered breakfast between 6 and 9 am (huge portions for $4 what??!!), or possibly anything else on the menu, but c'mon, shouldn't everything be up to par?A solid breakfast and a good bottomless Bloody Mary. Good service keeps the Bloody Mary's and coffee coming! Very tasty biscuits.I'd give less if I could. Though all signs and advertising says 24 hours they were closed at 6am. When we saw a guy inside I stuck my head in and asked if they were open. He said "no". I said the sign says 24 hours. He said rudely "well it's not like we can change the sign to say open unless we have to close to clean the kitchen". He said all this while sitting in a booth playing video games on one of the TV's. I understand things happen but he was so damn rude about it that I couldn't deal.I'm always pleased with the food and customer service. The food is made to order. 24 hour service is always great in New Orleans. $16 for Bottomless Hurricanes is great and buy one get 1 Mimosas is a win win.They have really good wings! But I ve had one of the worst experiences with the delivery folks! Very bad customer service especially when it comes to delivery! They're open 24x7.Normally I prefer not to dissent from the masses, which seem to offer a mix of reviews -- but today's review grabs a healthy 4 star review for three reasons: the service, the bloody, and the breakfast. Simple enough on each measure.
The service here is great and you can pretty much customize any order with zero complications. It's a great place to find a smile - hungover or not - and a welcoming reception.
The bloody is not only very tasty, the refills are free. That alone demands a minimum of 3 stars. The kitchen could be on fire with smoke billowing from the back. As long as the refills keep coming I'm good with any potential sidebar disaster.
As for the food, it's all good. I suggest building your own triple decker breakfast sandwich. It's very inexpensive and very filling -- not to mention very good, too. 
All considerations deserve a solid 4 star review. The service, bloody and breakfast will leave you fulfilled and happy. Enjoy a great start to your day!
No comment on food beyond breakfast!Long Island iceteas and seafood omlett.  Yummy. Service was a little slow but it was a Sunday so will give allowance.I'm so glad we found this restaurant!! It was late and we were looking for something family friendly. Very pleased with the food, service & environment.With so many fantastic restaurants in NOLA you don't have to put up with ignorant waiters, horrible service, and hidden costs. Go somewhere else.
This was the first time in many many years that I left a restaurant without leaving a tip. The waitress, who claimed to have been the ex wife of the owner, make politically charged statements when we asked about the menu. Then was attempting to push her religion on us but quit abruptly after we had a look of surprise on our face. Then she added $8.00 on the bill for "cheese, jalapenos, mushrooms, and bell peppers" on the eggs. A buck a piece. 
All of us at the table did not share her political views and did not appreciate the comments. And half of us was Jewish. We left a note instead of a tip. 
The food was just OK. Nothing to write home about. We had eggs, ham, and grits. Without the $8 toppings the eggs would have been plain. With coffee that was a $13 simple breakfast.A solid 4 stars. This restaurant stands out for value for the money. I was in New Orleans for a conference and had spent the first few days getting gouged for breakfast by the vendors at my hotel and then I found Daisy Dukes. Immediately I thought, "I wish I had found this place earlier." 
The food portion provided was ample, the taste was superb and the price was less than half that of the vendors at the hotel. In a world full of businesses that ignore the needs of the customer and continue to charge more for inferior goods and services, Daisy Dukes stands out as a clear exception to this trend. Thank you for an excellent job and I will be back. 
I can highly recommend Daisy Dukes restaurant. You will be happy if you go here the first day of your trip!My girlfriend and I were hanging out in New Orleans in the rain and needed a quick bite to eat. I used the check in bonus to receive a $6 bottomless Bloody Mary, which most of the previous reviews were saying was the reason to stop here. I did not enjoy the first Bloody Mary. When ordering my second, I asked the waitress if they could leave out the Tabasco, to which she informed me that it was just a mix!! Besides that let down, the food was decent. I ordered the gator omelette with hash browns and a biscuit. In conclusion, if you are really hungover and want an "OK" omelette with a bottomless, extremely spicy Bloody Mary mix, stumble on down to Daisy Dukes.We stopped by here yesterday because I was on a hunt for boiled crawfish. Being that it's early in the season, this was one of the only places around that is currently serving it. 
The crawfish was pretty good-seemed a little overpriced at $10/pound, but bring that they're one of the only places serving it now I guess they can charge that. It was definitely worth a stop to satisfy a craving. 
We also had the shrimp po boy which was also pretty good. 
Service was so-so. Overall probably won't be going back next time we are in town.ALL YOU CAN EAT CRAWFISH
YES
Believe me, it's not as much as you'd think. Between pinching and sucking over and over again, you start to get crawfish tunnel vision and your body is telling you to stop. Please for the love of all that is holy stop. 
The crawfish were very fresh, and not too spicy. We didn't try the bloody mary's because we had way too much to drink already this trip. The servers were very friendly and always had a refill ready (on our drinks and our mudbugs). 
BTW We had 3 lbs split between us. I don't think I'm going to want crawfish again for a decade.Gumbo wasn't bad last time, but tonight they didn't feel like sitting me  at a booth, despite having three open.  Male host wasn't much interested in my business, despite being dead on a Saturday night.  Also, the place is a bit busted and smells of pine sol.  Open 24 hours: otherwise would be rated one star.I never thought I'd find better wings than Wingstop, but daaaaaaammmmmnnnn dem wangs theaux. Lemon pepper is what's up. It's meatier, the skin crispier (like pork rinds, you know what imtalmbout). And it's sooooo affordable (50 wangs for $25, are you serious?!) And they're open ALL THE TIME, and they deliver ALL THE TIME. 24/7. This is going to be a late night favorite for sure.Dirty, terrible food and 1-star service. I don't know why people are giving to this place 5 stars. AVOID IT!This is a little hole in the wall right off of the French quarter.  The food was good and the service was excellent.  
Cajun cheese steak sandwich- B.  I wish it had more Cajun seasoning.  The fries were OK also. 
Seafood gumbo- A+++. It was so flavorful every bite was wonderful.  
Etteptoufe- A+++++++ I know I spelled that wrong but it is filled with crawfish and it is a very creamy flavorful dish.  It makes you feel good inside.  
I also like how big the ice tea cups were. 
I didn't like the apple pie dessert.Kids liked their seafood platter... But my Po Boy shrimp was terrible.  The shrimp tasted nasty and the bread fell apart.  I would not recommend this place as a Louisiana favorite.  The atmosphere was not much better. It was loud and hot.Excellent breakfast.  Had the two egg breakfast with hash browns, sausage, biscuit and pancakes.  Ate my food before thinking of taking a picture.  I definitely recommend this place.Food was decent. Front of house and bathrooms are a disaster but that's expected in the quarter. our waitress didn't make the best career choice. we ordered drinks and I had to go get them because they forgot.Sooo good! I love the shrimp poboy! One of the best I've ever had! Hands down a great place to eat with great service !nummy nummy jambalaya. and breakfast 24/7! I love breakfast, so any place that serves breakfast all day gets extra props from me. Their jambalaya also comes with a biscuit! I love biscuits just as much as I love breakfast (mostly I love breakfast with biscuits and gravy), so any place that serves biscuits with their entrees also gets props from me.
Sadly they do not split checks, which is mildly irritating. But besides that one minor fault, service wasn't mind-blowing but it wasn't like I had high expectations either, food was hot, filling, good, and fast, they had plenty of hot sauce, real good stuff.After three days of grabbing Starbucks for breakfast, we decided we'd have a sit-down breakfast on our last morning.  Daisy Dukes is conveniently located right next to the Marriott, where we were staying, so it made it an easy choice.
The service was quick and the place was cute -- very homey and cute, though not one of the cleanest looking places I've been to.
I got pancakes, which are hard to get wrong, but they really just had no flavor at all.  Even their syrup didn't have any flavor.  The pancakes were massive, which would have been great, but I just wasn't that impressed.  The hasbrowns, too, weren't that great.
Cheap and easy, but I'm sure we could've found a better joint for a quick breakfast.Decided to try this place with a group of friends since we got tired of waiting in the long line for Jimmy J's next door.  Our large group got seated immediately which was definitely a big plus.  But once we ordered our drinks, it took around 15 minutes for it to arrive.  That includes even getting water.  The food was also very average.  I ordered the New Orleans Medley which comes with Crawfish Etouffee, Gumbo, Red Beans/Rice, Fried Green Tomatoes with side of remoulade & Biscuit.  I ordered this before and Daisy Dukes simply could not live up to the other places.  My friends ordered 2 orders of crawfish and oysters and they didn't care for it much either.  Overall, without so many other good places to eat at around the area, I would recommend skipping this place unless you have a big party and want to get seated faster than most other places.Cravings satisfied. Check. What a perfect late night hotspot! 
Ambiance: low key restaurant with ample seating. Perfect for watching sports (2 large tvs hoisted in main dining area)
Price: very reasonable! A pound of crawfish for $8, 50 chicken wings for $25
Food: Delish! Crawfish was very flavorful! I loved the lemon pepper wings! The seasoning was an explosion in my mouth! 
Definitely a will do again!The wait was crazy, mainly because the lady working the door decided to have a 30 min cigarette break and a waitress had to finally come seat us, the food was good, but def not worth all that, and lastly our check took almost 30 min to pay . It was a 3 hr ordeal for shrimp and fries.We stopped in for breakfast. We waited a LONG time for someone to come outside and acknowledge us.  I learned that its better to ignore the sign that says to wait outside and just go in and grab a waiter.  I could never live in the south because everyone is SO DAMN SLOW!
After we sat down our waitress was very nice and attentive.  The portions are large and the food was above average. They make the bloody mary mix in house and I actually enjoyed it.  I'm not a fan of bloody's so that says something.  Free refills were an added bonus.Breakfast was just good but my hash browns tasted burnt. The Bloody Mary was disgusting at $8.00!!!!  we probably won't be back.There food here is really good and the service surprisingly is legitimate. I'd say tins a go. Although, it looks like a cabin from the woods with booths in it; just worry about the food.Every time I stay at Marriott across the street I've seen this place but never stopped. Don't be fooled, as I was, from the outside, or the rustic old New Orleans, this place is great. Service fast, order fast, and it's the best Huge burger I've had! All was satisfying and will put this place down as a frequent stop. Almost forgot $10.42 amazingThis was our last day here and we heard great things about this place. There was a wait to be seated but the line moved quickly. We ordered a shrimp Po Boy and sausage and eggs. Service was great and so was the food. They def give you a lot of shrimp and the prices are reasonable. I would come back to this place when visiting again.Had a late dinner, around 9-9:30, this particular evening. The arrival was a little discouraging at first,  because at the door you're asked to wait to be seated. Now the being asked to wait wasn't the issue but the fact that we had to wait for 10 mins was the issue. Mind you, there was every bit of only 8-10 people already seated in the whole restaurant but we had to look for the hostess, who didnt even know we were out there. Now after we were seated it was a whole different thing. Our waiter was consistent with making sure we were ok. Not only did our waiter check on us but there were atleast 2 others that helped served us as well. I really appreciated and commend the team work. So my wife and I order, the BLT with egg for her and the fried shrimp basket for me. I'll say our order was out in 6-7 minutes maybe and the rest is history! DELISH!!! I'd go backVisited about 14/15 restaurants during our SB week long trip, and this was by far my absolute favorite. Our waitress had a bit of an attitude, but overall the food was AMAZING. Burger was probably one of the best that I've ever had. Only thing I didn't like about the place was that we couldn't do separate checks, which was something I found fairly common in almost all the restaurants we went to in NOLA. Other than that, I absolutely loved it!! Definitely would recommend!!!Came here after being let down by a previous favorite. The place is pretty much a dive, but the staff was friendly, so we stayed. I'd seen their advertising and what appeared to be good reviews of their food. Maybe breakfast is bettter, but dinner was mediocre at best. Gumbo came lukewarm and with an out of balance spice blend. Something stood out in an unpleasant way. The combo plate was also lukewarm, and 2 of the three dishes had the same unpleasant balance of seasonings.  The jambalaya, which is a feature, had been replaced by relatively bland crawfish etouffee with no warning provided. The biscuit was delicious however.  Not sure I'll go back given all the choices in this restaurant centric town.I love Daisy Dukes, one of the cleanest places in quarter, open 24 hours a day, good food, selection, and the wait staff is friendly. Wings are my favorite, burgers are good, and there is plenty of Cajun Creole to choose from.I'm so torn because the food was ok.  We went late at night, and ordered Bloody Mary's  (not bad). My fried fish was excellent. 
My problem was our server - the guy who Mario G. photographed, Gabriel. Worst server ever.  I mean worst.  I don't think he's an actual server.  I hope not. He never gave us menus,  he took over 45 minutes to take our DRINK order.  Everyone else around us who sat after us was leaving while we were just getting our drinks. 
So, 3.5/5 for food. 1/5 for service.  3 overall.I usually don't write reviews but I just couldn't let this one go..I really was looking forward to eating here because a lot of people I know have ate here and just raved how great the food was. Well I wish I could say the same thing....I wish I could even say the food was nasty..I didn't even get my food. They brought him his food and not mine. By the time our waitress came back around to ask if everything was okay and noticed that I didn't have my meal..he has finished his meal. She then said we would get a discount and she was going to put the order in. I was angry but I was okay because I was going to get my meal. The final straw was when another waitress rudely threw my plate at me like I did something wrong and in top of that it was the wrong thing. I am so disappointed. I don't think I will be eating at Daisy Dukes..I'm just so disappointed!!!
Oh yeah...my fiancé said his food was great..Daisy Dukes is a great late night (24 HOURS!!!) spot after some drinks around the Quarters.  Must try the Boiled Spicy Crawfish, Lemon Pepper flavored Chicken Wings and the Seafood Gumbo (if you like a thickish consistency).  I tried the Seafood Gumbo at 2 other places and Daisy Dukes definitely wins!!!!The food and service were both phenomenal! I was so hungry I forgot to take a photo of my meal before I began eating it! Great last minute brunch choice.At first my mom was asking "why do we eat here? I rather eat at deanies. " after we try the food my parents were really impressed,  they said the etouffe is better than any other cajun restaurants,  even my baby brother who is picky about pancake, ate the whole pancake.  Definitely coming back.We came in hoping for $2.99 breakfast (6-9am only), but realized we'd missed it. : (
The regular menu's food was actually pretty good. Of course I ordered the $8 Bloody Mary with (5) free refills! The first one comes with a crawfish, which I let my husband eat. I was kind of bummed when the refill didn't come with another, but I understand cost on a nearly-bottomless alcoholic beverage. I enjoyed the presentation of the drink, celery, olives, lemon, lime, and pickled okra, but man was it spicy/salty! Woo! However, the refills did allow me the opportunity to utter what is probably the best sentence to ever leave my lips, "Can I have my next Bloody Mary refill to-go?" I enjoyed said drink while walking to Bourbon Street, but could only finish 1/3, and gave the rest to my husband. The spice was just too much going on number three.
The food was good. No complaints. It came out hot, and the included biscuit was delish. My friend got biscuits and gravy, which was HUGE and looked yummy. Service was a little lacking. It's a small restaurant and it was full, but I had to flag another server down to get some ranch I'd asked for when I ordered, and when another server brought the food from the kitchen. 
Overall a decent little spot, and worth a drop-in if you're hungry and in the area.Waitress Megan was tired or perhaps that was her personality.  The poboy special came with your choice of red beans and rice or gumbo. Everyone enjoyed their meals in spite of the sub par service.Great diner to get food anytime in NOLA. I had the shrimp Po boy and jambalaya on a separate occasion. Was satisfied with the taste, serving and price each time.The breAkfast was decent. The bloody Mary's were good too. The service was disorganized but they seemed to figure it out after a while. Oh and the fire alarm went off when smoke came from the kitchen which seemed to be a common occurrence.Gumbo was excellent! I had the 1/2 Shrimp Po'Boy and Gumbo. The gumbo had nice flavor and some heat at the end! Just the right amount of everything. I Highly recommend this, as it's a lot of food. The service is fast and friendly. There are a lot of great choices on the menu and they have great prices. The Bloody Mary looked awesome. Next time!This was one of the very few places we visited in NOLA and didn't like.
First of all, bf and another dude stood  in front of the bathroom for ten minutes and many employees passed by without saying anything. It was out of order but there was a private bathroom and no one bothered to let them know until he asked. Like, why do you think these guys are just standing in front of the bathroom? Help a customer out. 
The place is kind of seedy on the inside. The food was meh. We didn't mind the shrimp remoulade, but the fried green tomatoes and the shrimp po boy lacked flavor. All I tasted was the breading. However, the gumbo was good.Ehhh. Not overtly impressed by this place. Food selection was kinda small. Food was bland and nothing special. Tasted like it was frozen then either microwaved or fried. They do have a really cheap breakfast deal from 5-9 but you get what you pay for.You would honestly think daisy dukes would be not the place to eat. But the food is great & the people have always been friendly. The only reason why I would not give 5 stars is because they sometimes get overwhelmed and wont bring your food at all. When you call for a manager they say there only there intil 2 pm.  This has happened several times but I know there good people so I continue to refer them. But other then a few mishaps my experience with them is always great.First off, let me say that when the Mrs and I stayed in this part of the quarter two years ago, we had no interest in going to a place with 18 thru 22 yo' s wearing way too short shorts and DoH memorabilia on the walls. Boy, did I make a mistake as my preconceptions were totally wrong! Don't let the name mislead you as this place is not a breastaurant and not filled with DoH crap on the walls. The waitresses are fully and tastefully clothed so families need not be concerned if small children are with them (you can correct that mistake next time by leaving them with Grammy and Grampy).
I happened to make three visits during a recent 6 day stay for FQF and other festivities, solo as madam thought sleep was more important for some odd reason. Due to my early arrivals, I qualified for the early bird special all three visits, an outstanding value. Food quality was strong and on a couple of those visits I asked for my hash browns crispy and they met my wishes both times. The only downside were the grits which were underwhelming.
Now I come to my favorite part-the bottomless Bloody Mary's for the most reasonable sum of $8 (when ordered with a meal). Were they the best I had all week? No. Were they the worst I had all week? No. Was I handed a fresh one in a go cup when I left? Yes! Good food and having a drink special like this qualifies this location for four stars and a return visit in 2017. Madam will totally miss out if she decides to sleep in.Spent a week in New Orleans and went to Daisy Dukes 4 times.  It's that good.  Crawfish to die for.  They are open 24/7 and have great breakfast.  I would have to say my favorite part was the hurricanes made by Trey and Angie who are the best people there but they are all great.  When I go back to New Orleans this will be my first place to go to again.Average.
The Po'boys are OK, nothing to write home about. The service is good, but overall the food doesn't leave a lasting impression, and in a city like New Orleans you can find a lot that is better. Suffice it to say, both times we came here, we were getting away from the rain and needed cover! The bloody Mary's are unlimited for $8.50, but they are exactly what you'd expect out of unlimited $8.50 drinks.Best breakfast I have ever had in NOLA! Had the early bird..eggs, grits, sausage, buiscit and gravy. Throw on a tub of crawfish, which are hard to eat, but awesome! Great flavor!  Jodi was our server. Great personality! Taught us how to eat the crawfish. Great meal!Be warned the inside here is hot. They have ac but you can't feel it. We went in the morning too when it wasn't too hot. The only positive here was the Bloody Mary. It's tasty and it comes with a crawfish on the side. The food however was horrible. We got biscuits and gravy and it was terrible. This is coming from a Rhode Islander who never gets good biscuits and gravy. I look forward to that when I come down south and there's was just gross. The biscuits didn't taste fresh and the gravy was super heavy. We also order it with sausage which was just a frozen sausage patty cut up. Just don't get it. We also got a pancake that was worse than bisquik, I would just choose someplace different for breakfastCleanest place around  I thought, service was good and food was better than I expected, a pleasant surprise. All the servers were friendly and seemed to cover for each other as I had a couple of them stop by. highly reccomend this place!Jesus. Management where are you? Stood outside like sign says for 5 minutes though only 4 tables inside. Guy says come in and throws menu on a dirty table and walks away without a word. After 10 minutes of not a person even noticing we are in the restaurant we asked to move and they said sure whatever. Still no waiter but we moved to another dirty table. After 10 more minutes a girl who I'm sure does not speak English asks for a drink order and we try to order food and drink. Everyone in the place acts like they are upset because they are working there. No one is friendly or attentive what so ever. Another 30 minutes blow by And our food is slammed on the table and service walks away without another word.  Food was burnt and over cooked. Most overrated food and barely edible. If I could anything else it's not worth even walking through the door. Don't waste your time you will be disappointed.Visiting from San Antonio, TX. The service was great.  Zero wait to be seated for breakfast.  My waitress was outstanding, very attentive and anticipated my needs.  However my breakfast fell flat.  Ordered the Alligator Omelet with grits and wheat toast. Flat on flavor and presentation.Came across this place after getting into town around 6am It's one of the only 24/7 diners around the area so decided to give it a try! This place was entertaining at the least because the other parties around us were just ending their Saturday night as we were starting our Sunday morning. Hilarious! Service was super quick and attentive. I got their morning special which was so cheap! $5 for a few eggs, meat of choice, grits, and I got a pancake on the side. Large portions for super cheap! Also orders coffee because it was eaaarly. 
Atmosphere was super laid back and definitely New Orleans-esque.
Get their early bird special, it's definitely worth it. Great little spot with decent food and super cheap. Definitely approve!Daisy Dukes served its intended purpose for a hangover breakfast, almost. It was fairly quick, inexpensive, convenient breakfast, close to the quarter with large, greasy portions and rushed, impersonal service without a wait to sit down. It would've been alot more enjoyable without the uncomfortably high temperature or obnoxiously loud 'Cajun' music, but you kind of expect that with a restaurant that close to all the hotels. They have free refill bloody marys which wouldve rocked if mine didnt taste bad and didnt come w/ a crawfish hanging off the side of it. I get it, we're in New Orleans and you're catering to tourists, but I'd like fair warning if there is going to be a dead body with its face or tail in my drink. It pretty much ruined breakfast for me, I kept picturing his little eyeballs in my drink and kept chugging my friends mimosa when she wasnt looking to get the image out of my head. Ugh. 
I feel like a jack*ss only giving them two stars, the food itself was decent, I would recommend ordering delivery because it was the restaurant (service, temperature, music, DEAD CRUSTACEAN IN MY DRINK) that sucked. I'm sure if I order delivery I'll bump up the stars.The gumbo wasnt too spicy, the food was fantastic. My mom had grilled pork chop and gumbo. Best ever! My son had a burger and fries and he loved it. I had the shrimp po' boy and fried green tomatoes and it was delicious. The decor was nice like a bar and dive mixed and you can buy the art straight off the wall. The waitress we had was attentive and friendly.After coming back to NOLA late from Orange Beach, Alabama 3 hour drive - we were starved so we started to Google places that would be open late by the time we got back to our room, showered the beach off of us and served good food - bonus would be somewhere that served crawdad's as it is the end of the season. My daughter found this place online noting it was open 24 hours so she called to make sure since it was 4th of July and happened to ask if they had crawdads...WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER!!  Not only were they open 24 hours, they did have crawdads still - but the biggest win - bottomless Bloody Mary's and they make their own Mary mix in house.  
The food is good.  Sons had the wings - one with the Duke's sauce (ranch and hot hot sauce mixed together and slathered all over the wings....yumm!) and a shrimp PoBoy that was huge.  It was good - not the best we've had (bread could have been better) but it was decent.  The other one had the lemon pepper wings which were good too.  My daughter and I split the Creole/Cajun plate which was a bowl of etouffe, a bowl of gumbo and a bowl of red beans and rice along with two fried green tomatoes.  I'm not a super duper cook but for some reason I do make an amazing gumbo that was passed down to me from my aunt and because it's so good my family typically doesn't order gumbo out - this one was good...(mine is better - but it was good).  The ettoufee and red beans and rice were tasty and the fried green tomatoes were exceptionally good...nice and firm and not over battered.  The crawdad's were good - pretty spicy - not for the faint of heart - but still decent sized although the season just ended.
The Bloody Marysssss (I had 4) were absolutely on point - not uber strong but their mix is perfectly spicy and with all the fixin's including a crawfish hanging on to the rim for dear life!  And they sent one to go with me that I brought back to the room and put in the frig.  I will be having my morning bloody mary shortly.
We were there about 10pm - place was full of people and saw some other's food come out - everything from steak and scambled eggs to hamburgers.  All looked good.  
The service was amazing!  Considering some of these servers and cooks are going to be working through the middle of the night - our server was attentive and although busy checked on us often to refill waters and my Bloody Mary - definitely not stingy with them....!!!  We will definitely go back - this will be our late night Bloody Mary spot!!I ordered the Cajun chicken cheesesteak and really enjoyed it. Well seasoned chicken that was juicy and flavorful and the bread it was served on was soft and chewy. Came with a side of fries where you have the option of regular or Cajun and I went with the regular which were crispy and crunchy as one would expect fries to be. Place is open later than most if your u are looking for food at all times of the day so worth checking out if you are looking for a quick bite.Great service and food that is affordable at any hour of the night. I visit often, and the waitress always remembers my order, great little diner!I came with a group of 7 girls while we were visiting New Orleans and we had nothing to complain about.  I got a po boy and it was good.  Pretty cool that we got a FREE 1/2 pound of crawfish for checking in on Yelp.  Service was a little slow, but they were packed so that is to be expected.The Chartres location sucks! I have tried them for breakfast, lunch and very late at night...all three experiences were bad...plus the food wasn't good either. What prompted this review is the experience I literally just had. I live in the 200 block of Chartres so I am extremely close to this place. I am coming in from Harrah's and decided to grab something to eat before I head home....this is about 5am. I walk in and none of the servers acknowledge me for a solid minute. I then walk up to one of servers to share that I would like to place a to-go order. She asked me to have a seat and someone will be with me. I literally waited 8 minutes and no one said a thing to me....btw, it was not busy either. I asked the only male (and i use the word loosely) if he could take my order and he says one second and goes back to filling up the condiment bowls. Luckily a young lady sees this and takes my order. I get the Double D burger and onion rings. The food came out pretty promptly...i get home and open up the to-go container. The food looked good, however, both the burger and rings were bland. No real taste at all...the icing on the cake is the amount of condiments they gave me. For a burger and onion rings I receive 7 mayo packets, 7 mustard packets, 10 ketchup packets, and 5 cutlery packets. REALLY!?!?!?!?
I am so done with this place...if anyone is reading this. Go to the Carrondellet location. It is only 2 blocks heading towards Bourbon Street....actually Carrondellet is Bourbon Street just on the opposite side of Canal St. The food and service is always consistently good there.OMG!! Free Bloody Mary Refills! I'm thrilled, Cajun style! Great and super friendly service. Delicious Breakfast All Day!  It's local, freshly made pancakes, delicious cajole beans and rice. Price is Right! Can't go wrong! It's a wonderful hole in the wall, not to be passed up! Highly recommend 
August 14, 2016 ~ The walk to the restrooms was almost dangerous. The floor had was seemed like oil and it was very slippery and almost dangerous to walk on. Once getting to the women's restroom, it was dirty and stunk so bad, almost made me throw up. I wish I had never used their restroom as now I know we won't be back. The service and food remained good, but the restroom is definitely a BIG TURNOFF ! Ugh . Sad and disappointed. Hope they clean it up!Nothing to rave about, but not bad on the whole.  Go here any time of day to grab some grub to help with the hangover you got a couple block away.  Can't really recommend anything as it was all average. Slightly pricey, but solid breakfast food that can make you feel like you are in your local greasy-spoon.This is a hole in the wall joint that's open all day, everyday! They serve huge portions.
I ordered the breakfast plate one day, and ordered the burger the next day. The breakfast plate comes with 2 eggs, 2 sausages or bacon, toast, and grits. The burger was good and I substituted for onion rings. The onion rings came in a HUGE basket and was enough for 2 or 3 people.  My neighbors at the next table got the po'boys and each plate served 2 people. It was way too much food. :)
I tried the bloody mary and didn't like it. But I normally don't like tomato juice though...
Service was always good.I was visiting New Orleans and I was craving some Fried Green Tomatoes and since I was in the South I figured that I might be able to find some. I know New Orleans isn't typically known for their Southern foods but I had read an article on how Fried Green Tomatoes were actually on the rise in the area and that Daisy Dukes was one of three places to get them. I'm not sure if the writer of that magazine article has ever had Fried Green Tomatoes outside of New Orleans but they weren't great. They weren't terrible either but they were just average. They also felt a bit pricing for the number of tomatoes that you got but that's to be expected this close to Bourbon St.Walking to Daisy's, the line wasn't too long. The service was very nice. Our waiter was kind, and made sure we were pleased. As for the food, it was pretty good, I would recommend if any place has a long wait line and you want to grab a quick bite!Great place for cheap, good food. It was located just about a block and a half from my hotel, and after reading some reviews about it, we decided to go on Saturday morning for breakfast. Didn't get there until 10am, so we missed the $3.99 breakfast special for a full breakfast. Still, at $7.95, it was a great deal. Food was good, and prepared the way I wanted it. Restaurant was a little busy, and I thought it took a little longer than it should have to get the meal, but that really was my only issue.
Waitstaff is friendly and attentive. They kept coming by to see if we needed anything, even if they didn't wait on us.  
Go to Daisy Duke's when you're in the Big Easy.. you can't go wrong with it.My family and I were actually headed to Jimmy J's Cafe but with the cold weather we didn't want to stand outside. So we gave this place a try and what a very pleasant surprise. The food was good and the service was great our coffee was constantly topped off.Looked a little dodgy from the outside, but pleasant inside for lunch. Fast friendly service. Typical New Orleans food choices. All day breakfast.WHOAMYGOSH! Im telling you, this was the best meal I had when I went NOLA! It was my first time ever trying gumbo and I completely fell in love with the authentic flavor. I also ordered fried green tomatoes that were out of this world. Just a heads up, they do not allow tables to split the check.loved it!! Gumbo and fried green tomatoes were excellent.. red beans and rice was great as well.. Early Bird breakfast was outstanding and great priced!! Friendly staff and no waiting!!!!!Had the oyster poboy and was pretty good. Service was touch and go. Started off great but after food was ordered he pretty much disappeared.Walking distance from intercontinental hotel, this place serves hot and devious omelettes and pancakes.Anything fried from there is pretty good. The gumbo and red beans and rice was THE WORST I have ever had and it was cold. I got the Sampler and only could eat the fried green tomatoes and remoulade. Stick with the fried item! They are 24 hours so I would probably only go back if it's the only thing opened!Excellent food and friendly service. This is the best of New Orleans! Our favorites--Cajun omelette and Ribeye steak and eggs. We stayed at a hotel on Canal and came here for breakfast three mornings in a row. They have an Early Bird special for $2.99 before 9am. Highly recommended!Food was great and service was OK but we got a free crawfish for checking in and we did not get it. I asked for it twice and in the end it still didn't come out and we were in a rush and couldn't wait. So that was kind of annoying. Otherwise, a great experience.Came here as it was less crowded than ruby slipper. Enjoyed the whole meal and coffee until the end when a fat cockroach came up to us right at the table. I've never left a restaurant so fast and disgusted.  The food was good but the cockroach ruined it. We let a server know and she didn't at all seem surprised.Very bad service, don't take care clients,
The woman -manager- is horrible 
I don't recommend to anybody coming hereNot one of the best food experiences we had in the NOLA but still decent.
We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning.
I ordered the steak and eggs with the hurricane refills.
Steak was tasty and the biscuit on point.
The biscuit was actually the best part of the meal.
However, the grits thick and tasteless and the eggs meh..
Hurricane was a good balance of sweet and strong a plus for the drink.
Idk if we didn't order the right things but flavor wise this place did not impress like the other restaurants we visited during our stay.
Wasn't particular wowed but it was an okay experience thank you asmaa for the service.
Will I be back my next visit ?? Prob not..Brought family in for a quick bite . It was only 6:00 pm. Tried ordering a beer and they were out of Corona ? Then they were ' out of ' Miller beer, and even a few IPA's.  I asked what they did have. Couldn't tell me. Okay maybe the list is extensive . Ordered a whiskey and ginger ale .  I was served whiskey and coke.  The server was in another world.  However the Shrimp Po Boy was excellent ! Loved the Gumbo too.   !This review is for the Daisy location on 308 St. Charles Ave. 
I loved this place- and let me tell you I am one picky reviewer. Best Bloody Mary I've had in NO- with pickled green beans and a crawfish. AND Bloody Mary's are buy-one get-one free ALL the time. Amazing!
The shrimp po boy was great. Perfect light batter on the shrimp and perfect seasoning. Waitstaff super friendly.
We stumbled upon this place after passing some popular breakfast spots with crazy 1.5 hour lines. I'm so glad we did.I would rate them 4.5 stars. I probably ate here about 3-4 different times during my stay in New Orleans. Everything I had was good from their wings to their gumbo, to their fried shrimp po boys to their burgers. Of course, excellent southern hospitality.Came here for a quick meal to get my day started and I honesty should have just gone to McDonald's. My toast was cold, the place was dirty and smelled like liquor and my breakfast was just underwhelming.I got the crawfish étoufée and enjoyed it--it's a little spicy but that's not a bad thing! My friend got the red beans and rice dish with sausage and couldn't finish it because there was so much pepper. It was pretty loud inside. The service was attentive enough. An overall slightly better than okay experience.Very late night delivery order, the delivery was very prompt but that was probably the only thing done well. Ordered mozzarella sticks and the biscuits and gravy with a side of sausage. Half of the mozzarella sticks had no cheese in them. Guess the cheese leaked out in the fryer but it's pretty easy to tell when you pick it up that it's hollow. The biscuits and gravy were not even decent. Guess they have great reviews cause bourbon drinkers get late night food there and it tastes great to them. But I was highly sober so this is my sober truth. They sucked. You want great biscuits and gravy go to montys by Jackson sq. maybe Dixie has other things they do great but what I ordered wasn't one of those things. Average at best.The staff is so nice! I loved the craw dads  and the Bloody Mary is divine. It's great for a late night meal. You should definitely give it a try.Great service, really good food, bang for you buck. And they're always open! Ordered 50 wings that were so good, a few pounds of crawfish, drinks...everything was enough for 6 people and it was about $10 per person after tax AND tip.An ok place to go.  Nothing special.  Decent pancakes.  Horrible coffee.  If you're desperate for breakfast, nothing there will kill you as long as you avoid the coffee.Great dinner. Got the sampler to try everything. Loved the gumbo and then heard from a few locals that they think it is the best in the quarter. Hole in the wall with good prices.The Yelp letdown of the night. I usually trust reviews on Yelp but this place flat out sucked. The eggs were as bland as cardboard. The biscuit tasted like they stole them from the back of cracker barrels leftover dumpster. The hash browns were fine thank god but who can really mess up hash browns. The bacon seemed to come from the skinniest worst tasting pig on the farm. I got the alligator omelet to branch out and spread my tasting wings and boy did my wings get clipped. Honestly I said " we would have been better off getting mcdonalds all day breakfast" and I hate McDonald's. Save your money and go to next door to jimmy j's it really should be called daisy flukes.This place is one of the few in the French Quarter area that is open 24/7.  
The staff is not the friendliest, but they're not overtly rude either.  
The food is great, though.The Place was a tid bit small, however this could be the "norm" for this city. I order a side salad for a starter, which wasnt a salad side, this salad was huge!. like 2 or 3 people could eat from it. i than ordered the porkchops, with fried green tomatoes and gumbo or jambalaya(i cant remember which one). I think the portion was a good sized, everything was average to me., except for the andouille sauce.. which was...lets say it all together now A-M-A-Z-I-N-G, that sauce was so good, i wanted to take it out on a date with me!A bit disappointed.  I had high expectations for the bloody Mary but had much better at the French market.   Prices were high for what we had to eat.Great food, good prices, friendly staff, and with the new renovations this place my go to spot in a pinch. Whether you're drunk, high, or whatever, you can definitely find solace here and refuel at any hour of the day or night.Not impressed. We came for breakfast on a Tuesday morning and the place was almost empty, so nice that there was no wait. Waitress was slow and didn't check in on us often and forgot my water with my Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary itself was ok, but next door at Jimmy J's you'll find a much better drink. This had heat without the flavor. My friend ordered pancakes and extra crispy bacon. She enjoyed the pancakes but the bacon was extra floppy so she didn't eat it. I ordered the early bird breakfast which is a standard two egg, biscuit, bacon, and hash browns. Now I happen to be a firm believer that a breakfast joint should ALWAYS be able to make good coffee and good eggs. Not the case here, unfortunately.  I ordered over medium and received completely hard yolks three times. I sent my eggs back twice and the third time I said screw it, I don't want spit in my dish. The waitress was apologetic and I totally understand that it wasn't her fault at all. She was friendly and gave us a 15% discount on our ticket. All in all. I was MUCH more impressed with Jimmy J's and won't be coming back here.One word: gumbo. Best gumbo around. Found this little jewel wandering off bourbon street slightly intoxicated around 2 in the morning. Wait staff was a little slow, but after dealing with people like me for all evening, I don't blame the poor woman. Ordered the alligator po-boy and a bowl of the gumbo, and let me say, we came back several times during our stay.Excellent. More food than I could handle. Diamond in the rough. Soo good. Whether you're a Northerner, or a a Southerner looking for good home style cooking, this is the place. Good prices too.Walking down Canal St., you will almost miss this place if you aren't paying full attention to the side streets. As you approach it, you will see a side room with open doors to the outside and a little eating area. (Can be annoying because we were heckled a bum while waiting for our dinner) The food is pretty good, they were out of Gumbo when I ate there, but had an Alligator Po-Boy and it was loaded with lettuce, tomato and pickles to the point where I almost couldn't even finish the sandwich because it kept falling apart. 
I would have given this place four stars except that the food was good, but nothing to write home about. And I do have to agree with the previous review focusing on the service. Our server was completely rude and gave off the impression like we were inconveniencing her.My husband and I are visiting from Seattle and we're out late and our hotel kitchen was closed. so we started looking around and found that daisy dukes does delivery.  We have never use of delivery food service other than Pizza but thought what the heck so we placed an order and to our surprise they are extremely FAST and while we were waiting for our food we receive a call from our delivery guy who offered to stop at the convenience store and pick us up anything we may need in addition to the food we ordered. He said he would bring the receipt and we can just pay him back. we gracefully  declined but we're amazed at the customer service and convenience offered by their business. the food is amazing and customer service outstanding highly recommended. Also very affordable. I give it 4 stars because I've never seen the restaurant otherwise I would give it a 5.Decent diner if you need some all American grease.  Our late August trip caught the staff with a busted ice machine and the deliveries came straight at/by us at the middle table.  The floor was pretty slick with grease on the way in, but otherwise....eggs, hash browns, spicy sausage patties, coffee, yes.