The waiter ignored me first and then served sausage in the soup while I don't pork... I ordered beans but wasn't informed that there is mean in it. I don't plan to go there again.I couldn't wait to try this place. I had heard so many good things about it. Unfortunately, the place did NOT live up to the hype. I'll be honest, even if I hadn't heard anything about it beforehand, my opinion would be the same. I was greeted by an absent-faced server whose face only changed to a puzzled look each time I asked a question. I was a little suspicious because the place smelled stale and salty and there was NOBODY in there but a drunk couple at the bar. It was dimly lit and sports news was on both tv screens. The table layout is cold and uninviting. 
I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was pretty excited to dig into it as it looked pretty appetizing, but that was fast lived. The waffles were chewy and warm. Thankfully the butter was already out on the table warm, soft, unrefrigerated, or it would not have been spread well. There was a handful of syrup containers on top of it all. It's my first chicken and waffles experience so I'm not sure if that's the standard, but it was a little off-putting knowing someone's hands had been all in that container of syrups and they were thrown directly on the food.  
Still, I thought I'd have an open mind as it smelled pretty damn good. First bites of the chicken were great! Nice and crisp when you bite into it. The waffles were dusted nicely with powdered sugar. Unfortunately, about half-way into the first piece of chicken I noticed it wasn't fully cooked. In fact it was pretty darn pink. I think it might have been a wet-batter because it still had that sort of freshly dipped smell and appearance. I stopped a guy worker who was walking by carrying a shipment and told him that the chicken was undercooked. He said it is the same time every time- in other words, the chicken is on a timer. 
Perhaps it's a total fluke, just one piece of chicken undercooked, I mean, it's a thigh, it happens right? I pulled apart the two other pieces (legs) and they looked pretty good, so I told him those were fine and he offered to make me another one. I continued to eat and noticed the seasoning was really uneven. I got a full mouthful of what I think was file' and it got worse from there. As I got closer to the bone I noticed they were both undercooked. I was busy watching the tv and failed to notice that I had been eating undercooked chicken! UGH. I told the server about it and that the guy told me he was making me another piece. I told her to tell him not to bother, that I was not interested in any more undercooked chicken. I also asked if she could please bring it to the attention of the manager. Not once did she apologize or ask how she could make it right. I had also ordered a side salad. It comes with lettuce, shredded cheese, onions, and tomatoes. It was fresh, but the cheese looked like it had been sitting out. It was clumped together in sections. When I said I didn't want the other chicken she took my salad away and came back with the check! I paid the bill and asked about my salad. She said OH did you want me to wrap that up for you? I said yes, but when I got outside it occurred to me that the container (It comes in a foam container) was probably in the trash and pulled back out to send it with me. Anyway...After I paid, I looked at the way it's priced out. It is a 3-piece chicken and biscuit meal with the a side of waffles for $4.50. I might not have a problem with the breakdown, but if you're gonna charge me for a 3-piece meal that should come with 3 pieces of chicken, a biscuit and a side, I better get that, not just chicken and waffles! I was too tired to say anything. I was too busy worrying if I might get sick. I'm writing this from bed hoping that is not going to be the case. If you are on the fence about this place, jump off fast and run the other way! For $20 I could have had a great a steak dinner down the street! Seriously though, RUN!I ordered take out. Biscuit was so stale I could not eat it. Not worth the calories. Very disappointing.Absolutely amazing experience thankful I found this restaurant whol visiting New Orleans.  All day breakfast is what lead me here sometime in the afternoon. The staff was great especially my waitress Areion C. She recommended the chicken and waffles after answering all my questions. It was a great choice! The waffles were delicious and the chicken strips were perfect, by far one of the best chicken and waffles I've had so far. Overall i had a great experience.We ordered chicken wings (lemon pepper and teriyaki sauce) and shrimp po Boy. My son ordered traditional breakfast with sausage and extra pancakes.
The breakfast was excellent, according to my son.
But my shrimp po-Boy was very salty. My husband's lemon pepper chicken wings were like lemon and salt chicken wings - again very salty. I would give it two star but because my son's breakfast was said to good, I am giving it 3 stars.Apathetic employee tells us to sit anywhere at 10:00 a.m.  Drink order was quick. Restaurant looks kind of cute with typical New Orleans colors or gold, purple & green. We order chicken & waffles and alligator omelet. 10 minutes later food arrives. Fried Chicken in 10 minutes?? Hmmmmm. Yes, as I suspected, reheated chicken. Tasted like old oil, cold in center. The 2 strips of bacon ordered additionally for chicken & waffles was the microwaved flimsy, see through bacon that no self respecting restaurant should be serving. Waffle rubber, hash browns in a POOL of oil. Even the jelly for the toast was old. So disappointing. I will wait for good food. $32 for reheated/ microwaved...nope. So many better choices in NOLA.It's was ok they were struggling it was the weekend of essence fest and they were out of everything which was disappointing how do you not be prepared this festival is 25 years in the making. This is a known tourist attraction. The biscuit was supper dry even with the gravy. I don't know if I would go back again I think I would pass. The servers were very friendly and it wasn't to pricy.  I has the sausage biscuit and gravy.Chicken and waffles were solid. Good atmosphere for a get up and go place as it is new and zippy. 
Service was on pointI wish that I could give it less than a 1 star. I ordered the fried chicken and it seemed like it had been sitting out for hours and they refried it. The biscuit they served was hard and cold like it came straight out of some sort of prepackaged box. The whole experience was not worth it at all. I will never go back there again!Malik was our waiter & he was amazing. Was so friendly, helpful, and kind. Also, I was so cold & he offered me his sweater to help me stay warm. Very good waiterFor a big party we got seated right away. It's a little bit of a wait but that's because they make your order fresh. Southern hospitality is tops. Our server Santiago took very good care of us. Top notch serverOrdered Fried Chicken and fries, both tasted as if they had been sitting a long time, maybe precooked and sitting under heat lamps for a very long time. Chicken extremely dry and fries soggy and full of grease.Don do it. Basic food in a tourist area! Seriously u will be mad. It's not nasty but not worth paying for. Waiter was all over the place and didn't follow up with our concerns. They definitely serve frozen food here. No resturant should compromise the quality of ingredients. The cheese in our omelets we barely melted! The Group next us looked like they had a bad McMuffin! Too many great places to eat here.Went there for breakfast had the best fried chicken ever. Tired several other places for chicken they were our favorite.Great find, especially for breakfast. Priced decently, the Bloody Mary is just right. The seafood omelet is delicious and the restaurant is clean. Actually, the restrooms are very clean! This is a great place to start your morning before hitting the ground running. I did not order the fried chicken and waffles but it definitely is a good looking plate to share (that's coming from someone who can easily eat a triple meat cheeseburger).Great place to grab some breakfast food near the CBD which is perfect for us. I had an omelet and some grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce, which was not on the menu but they were more than happy to accommodate my request when I realized that the menu was limited due to the large event taking place in the city at the time. We enjoyed and will certainly be back.I've been away from the South for three years, so I was craving Southern comfort food. Four of my co workers and I decided to walk over from our hotel across the street and try the local fare. The food was awesome and our server, Judit (hope I got the spelling right) was just as awesome! God, I miss Southern hospitality!
I ordered the chicken and waffles, which is one of my go-to confort dishes. And it was amazing! I am definitely coming back!Food was good and the Hurricane is the best! Judit is awesome server! Definitely will coming back!Cute restaurant. Love the grits! Gumbo is yummy. Fast and friendly service.  Atmosphere is good. Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.Mary was our server for a large group. She handled our orders quickly without any mistakes. Pleasant personality too!Stumbled upon this gem!  Not too busy, great service, clean bathroom. 
I had omelette and hubby had traditional eggs breakfast. Sooo good! Mimosas are 2 for 1. Would definitely recommend!  Best breakfast I had during my long weekend in Nola!I live close to Daisy Mae's and this is my first time checking it out. It's a great late night option and the food comes out fairly quickly. The chicken and waffles are a great choice, as well as the Cajun omelette with hot sausage. It's a little busier during the day but I'm sure it's worth the wait! Great service and Malik is a gem! He made sure we were well taken care of despite how late at night it was!Got one star because I couldnt give them any less.. where do I begin.. service was terrible from sitting to wait staff. We walk in host asked if we wanted to sit at bar. After saying no she clear seats at the bar. So i politely ask her for a table she tells me she has to clean one off, fine. After cleaning table she seats the couple behind me at said table. So now I'm just standing around for 10 waiting on another table. After sitting ordered water and  a bloody mary which was not good at all. Claim to be worlds best.. more like worlds worst.. then my biscuits and gravy tasted like just flour no seasoning... wasnt able to even finish it. Not to mention never even recieved waters at the table.... I would not recommend this place to no oneFirst stop in New Orleans. First food stop. Worst experience. Only 2 people on the wait staff. Food was delivered, omelet, po boy and chicken and waffles.  The chicken  was pink in the middle. At first I thought is was the seasoning but it was not. The waffle was great. The service was horrible. We asked for refills, ten minutes later we asked for refills again.  He finally dropped off  two drinks at the table with the check. They were not our drinks. Tried to flag him down to get the right drinks. He just dropped of another check.  Still no drinks.  Finally gave up.Came here from Cali had lunch with my family and we all had a great time everyone was nice and serve was good. Mind you it was Mardi Gras weekend so you know they was stupid busy but did a great job with customer service. I had the chicken and waffles. Chicken was so bomb omg waffle could of been hot. They had they own hot sauce bomb had to buy a couple of bottles to take home. My cousins had the shrimp and grits and they enjoyed them. But overall I'll be back before I leave~Came here for a late brunch because it was right by our hotel, and we made the fight choice! Ruby Ann was attentive and friendly. Sometimes when a restaurant is quiet and nearly empty I find that things slow down because theres no need to hustle, but we never had to wait long for anything. The food was amazing! Fried chicken and waffles is popping up on menus all over the country but you really need to eat it somewhere like this to enjoy it properly. Really good value too! There was way more food in the plate than I was expecting for the price. I actually couldn't finish all of it but i really wanted to! I will definitely be back here next time I'm in New OrleansSeriously solid casual Cajun
Went there with a party of 12 people on the last Saturday of Mardi  gras, and had a great meal. Lots of gumbo, gator, pop boys, and some seriously good homemade sausage.. Prices are right, and service was good as wellStopped in for breakfast during our trip to New Orleans. This was by far my favorite place to eat during our visit. The southern fried chicken is EXCELLENT! It has a great seasoning with a slight kick to it. The waffles were nice and fluffy, the bacon also very tasty. The biscuits and gravy were good. The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean. Prices reasonable. If you're ever in New Orleans, make sure to stop in at Daisy Mae's, you won't be disappointed.Malik gave us great service late at night. Amazing chicken and hot wings that were served quick! Would come here again!This place was across from our Hotel so we ate here in the way out if town. We had such a great experience. Great service and great food. Shrimp & Gritz was amazing.Our group tried this place for breakfast. I had the seafood omelette and it was good although I did not like the tiny shrimp.  The grits were overdone. The biscuit was good.  My wife had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was tasty although a little overdone.  The waffle was good too. The chicken and waffles are also overpriced at $15.The food was good overall. I had the alligator sausage po boy with gumbo and collard greens. The only reason I'm not going with 5 stars is because the menu stated the gumbo was chicken, sausage and shrimp. However, I only had about two very small pieces (like diced pieces) of sausage in my serving, no chicken or shrimp. I didn't have the fried chicken but from what I saw on other plates the portions were VERY generous.The Bloody Mary was really good, however I wasn't a huge fan of the breakfast. I'm sure the lunch menu would've been a better choice!This is a good place and it's open 24 hours. The reason for three starts is because in New Orleans the bar is very high for good foodOne of the best chicken waffle I ever have! Very nice service, my server Ruby Ann know that we are in hurry, she give us the bill earlier to save us time , very considering ! 5 stars !Great food, service, and prices! I ordered the fried chicken & waffles. My husband ordered the fried chicken & biscuits. The fried chicken was crispy and flavorful. Waffles and biscuits were fluffy, and delicious. We both polished our plates!Amazing place - staying at the Hyatt and went there for breakfast.  We had chicken and waffles, a breakfast sandwich & a Benedict.  Best fried chicken I've had in a long while.  Perfectly cooked, juicy & great flavor.  The waffle was light and fluffy.  Biscuits were great and sauces and bacon were cooked to perfection.  Attentive wait staff as well.  Would definitely recommend a stop here.  You won't leave hungry!Great service - Our server Daisha was the best..she was super friendly and sweet. She was always checking on us and working hard...THE FOOD is super fresh and taste incredible.. Highly recommend you dine here if in New OrleansGot seated right away. Coffee was delivered and we ordered  ONE HOUR AND TEN MINUTES later we still hadn't received our breakfast so we walked out. I asked our waitress several times to check our order. Nada.They do delivery even late nights. Best Alligator Po boy in the area. Fried chicken is great. Portions are decently big. Food is Cheap too.Stopped here before heading to the Mercedes Benz super dome for a Georgia Baylor game so we were expecting it to be a little packed out since it's super close to the dome. Walked in and it was pretty packed out so that was a good sign for us thinking it could be a good spot. We were seated after about 5 mins, ordered some beer and got to ordering our food. We wanted to split most of the things we ordered just so we didn't over eat before sitting in the game for 3 hours. We ordered the grilled alligator po boy and wings to start. The grilled alligator po boy was absolutely delicious, we ordered their spiciest wings...we wish they were a bit spicier but they were still good. After we finished that we decided to order a bowl of gumbo, which was pretty good. My brother wasn't a big fan of it but I thought it was good. The reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because we had to ask 3 people get us hot sauce when there were more than enough people working. But overall the food was good.I ordered the chicken and waffles for delivery and everything came out ok. The food was still hot when I received it. The chicken was the perfect crunch. When I bit into it the flavors burst in my mouth. Just wish the waffles were a little more crisp but overall it was goodThe food was very good, my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and I got an egg white omelette. They were both delicious. The server Mary B was super sweet, and very welcoming.Great service, waitress came up, took all of our orders and got it 100% right. Came out hot and good tasting. I would go back next time in New Orleans.We ordered the Shrimp and Grits one of my favorite meals and it was delicious, my husband ordered the chicken and waffles ; the chicken are actual pieces of chicken not wing parts, freshly fried yum. Daisha is our server and at 3AM she's friendly and attentive!!!!!!!The food and BOGO drinks are an AMAZING way to kick off your day! We stayed in NOLA for five days and ended up visiting Daisy Mae's twice for breakfast. Hearty comfort food and strong drinks - a perfect combo!Extremely nice and fast service! Had an omelet and it was cooked just the way I wanted, and it tasted great.Their fried chicken was OK but underseasoned. their shrimp Po boy I just expected more. like it was only, bread  tomat, lettuce and shrimp. Fries were too seasoned. But very friendly staff!Our first time vacationing in New Orleans. Wanted a quick bite to eat near our hotel and found this place. It was delicious!! pancakes and waffles so fluffy and the fried chicken had a little kick pairs perfect with sweetness of waffles. I wish they had this place in New Jersey.Great family friendly place to get a quick, delicious meal. Judith was very helpful and polite, always checking on us.Lord if I could talk about a restaurant sent from heaven I would talk all day about this place!!! The location on point it walking distance from the hotel I stayed in....the atmosphere is cajun and cute and the food!!!! THE FOOD! Hands down perfect! I will be back to NOLA just to eat there againI was trying to decide between three stars or four and went with three just because the fried chicken was delicious, hit, fresh, and super crunchy but everything else was nothing special AT ALL. 
Funny thing is we went for the chicken, great reviews on yelp for the chicken, and as soon as we walk in a lady is leaving out and tells us "Do Not Order The Chicken". Yea, glad we didn't listen there.
We ordered the chicken and greens with red beans and rice and gumbo. The waiter came back and said they didn't have greens available, so we went with fries. We also ordered a bloody mary because we wanted to try it (never had it before) and this place was voted best bloody mary 4 years in a row!
After having it, its not for me (definitely an aquired taste). The rice and beans was okay, and my husband said the gumbo was good. The chicken came out with the fries and the fries were cold.Hya was our server, she was super friendly and very attentive. I had the gumbo and it was pretty good. We got our food brought to the table very quickly.Damn good chicken and bloody Mary's! Santiago gave us our bloody marys to go after our meal to help us get the day started.We are here visiting Nola and the food is excellent and our server Merry is very accommodating and very helpful in our menu very friendly as well. Good to have this lady in the restaurant. Very nice place to eat.Chicken was extremely salty and I don't believe the grease that the chicken was fried in was fresh maybe a week or two old. Red beans tasted like they were from a can or very old and  sour. I will never go back.BACK TO THE CHICKEN 
So...yes, I Google Searched, The Best Fried Chicken In New Orleans," and this place with a few others came up. 
Now Reviewer listen...I'm a Foodie (you see what my name reads), so I was a little nervous cause' I'm serious about my FOOD and my MONEY. Don't ask if I read the reviews on YELP....of course I did, but no one made me rush there like I'm about to make you (yassssssss...make you)!!! BUT...You have to read the entire review...Here it is:
I walked to this place from the condo I rented during my stay in NOLA and it took less than five minutes to get there (TMI----I KNOW....back to the CHICKEN). I got there and not only was I greeted but the waitress was polite...Excellent Customer Service always makes it better for me. I looked over the menu and was excited to order. I called the waitress over and said, "This order is To-Go," and ordered the Breast & Wing dinner with fries and a biscuit for less than $10 (clapping cause vacationing could be expensive). The waitress described the many sauces they had, cause' I love a good sauce ;) She explained what  the "Duke Special Sauce," was and I replied, "Say less. I want that!" She rushed to the back (their chicken is made to order) and 15-20 minutes she came back with the food in her hand...I paid, I tipped and I dipped.
I then went back to the condo and set up my table for "One" cause' everyone knows I don't want to bothered while trying a meal for the first time...I should get a sign that says, TABLE FOR ONE CAUSE' IM CONVERSING WITH MY MEAL™. Anyways, I turned on something good to watch, washed my hands and sat down smiling. I knew it was gonna be good, cause' the aroma that was escaping the bag during my walk made my eyes close. If that has never happened to you, you haven't lived in a food utopia for one second. BACK TO THE CHICKEN:
I opened the bag then the platter and started dancing in my seat. My eyes examined the platter while I rubbed my feet together. I picked up the perfectly fried chicken and took a bite to get hit in the eye!!!!!!! Yes, the juices got me. However, that wasn't the only thing that got me...the crispness was all that I hoped for (raises hands). I then dunked a piece of chicken in the Dukes Special Sauce and started singing. I was about to grab my phone and take a picture, but the thought that I'd have to step away from the platter and wash my hands again...NOPE, wasn't happening, so I kept eating lol The next bite, I got up and cha-cha'd around the chair (not the table; it would've taken too long to get back to the chicken). I finished after a while of savoring the flavors and couldn't believe I didn't take a sip of my water during this at any time. Now that's good eating :) I only drink water and teas...So, if I had a freshly brewed cold ice tea with this meal, someone would've called the cops cause' I'd still be singing.
I'm glad I choose this place and ordered To-Go cause' I wouldn't have held back the singing, foot rubbing, hand waving and getting up to walk around the chair to cha-cha slide. If I would've dined out, I may have screamed, "Thank you to All and to All a Good Night," like I was Santa Claus leaving the place...SMH cause' how good the food was.
Moral of the Review: If you visit New Orleans, please stop by this place for a great overall experience.
Until my next Junkie fix....Chicken and waffles were great! Seasoning on the chicken was perfect and the waffles weren't overly sweet. My husband had the Aligator Omelette and I was tempted to order that too so I could take it to go. Some of the staff were ok but I would still come here again. Defiantly would recommend to others.We happened upon this place on our way through dojng touristy stuff.  Hands down, the best fried chicken we have ever had.  Amazing shrimp and grits, and bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's.  Excellent service.  Would HIGHLY recommend!!!!We literally just picked up our food and went straight our Air BnB. Upon opening the bag we discover that our pancake order came with no syrup. My brother has to drive 5 minutes (while losing a parking space in the CBS) to a store and BUY syrup. We also discovered that our seafood omelette came with no shrimp. When calling back to simply update the restaurant, the young lady tells us repeatedly, "he said he put the shrimp on there". I try to inform her that we received the shrimp we requested to be added to the veggie omelette but not the shrimp that should have come with the seafood omelette. After frustratingly going back and forth repeating the same thing, we hung up.The fried chicken was the best I've ever had. The skin was crispy with a touch of spice. The meat tender and juicy. The potato salad was tasty. The biscuits were warm, soft and flaky. I cleaned my plate very quickly. Our waitress Judit was pleasant, helpful and attentive. She wanted to make sure our dining experience was positive and it was fabulous. If you are in the New Orleans area this is a must try.The food was mediocre and the service was pretty bad. While the server was friendly, we had to ask three times before they brought out water to a person in our party they forgot about. And when the bill came they charged us for extra items we didn't order. When we brought it to their attention they took the bill back and took off two of the extra items they charged but still has two items we didn't order (yes they added 4 things to the bill that were not ordered) and we had to tell them yet again. He fixed it but was unapologetic. Don't plan on coming back to this place bc of the food alone but even if it was good, the bill fiasco left a bad taste in my mouth.No better southern fried chicken. Such a great atmosphere. Having the southern charm no chain can replicate. The food is freshly prepared and served with southern hospitality. I dream of coming back to eat. 
Only con was they do not accept Apple Pay. It has the Apple Pay on the door with credit card acceptance. On the Yelp app and Apple map it states accepts Apple Pay. When I asked the waitress she said they do not. When walking out I noticed the sticker on the glass door, I went back and showed the waitress. She stated well we don't. They do have apple pads to put in their orders. It wasn't a big deal we had our debit cards and cash with us. I just have only had my phone sometimes and don't want anyone else stuck with a bill.The food was pretty good. The chicken was piping hot when it came out. The only reason I wouldn't give this place a 5 is because their drinks are kinda pricy.Horrible service 
Horrible food quality 
Horrible personality 
Everything is shady here 
They are one time business plans for the market 
Don't order with them 
You will be really disappointed 
No no no no 
It's horrible horrible horrible 
They can do with business with trash customer base can't be classyWe stayed at Le Pavillion hotel, which is right across the street, so we ended up eating here twice during our trip. The fried chicken was great and the portions were enormous and the price was right. Thanks to our servers, Daisha and Areion for taking care of us! Both young ladies were very polite and our food came out quickly.Holy chicken and waffles Batman. I've been searching for a quintessential southern dish since we arrived 4 days ago and everywhere else just didn't deliver. The subtle warm spice in the crispy chicken batter and the cinnamony waffles were a perfect combo. Thanks Rebecca for the great recommendation. I'll be dreaming of this dish when we're back up north.Pretty good burger and catfish dinner but, the service sucked, and got some of my order wrong. My sister hated her gumbo, and the lemonade was weak. Our waitress didn't listen to anything and was always on the go. Another waiter avoided us after a small request for salt packets. We had a party of 3 and our waitress put us on the spot to allow a stranger to sit with us after not wanting to sit at the bar. She asked us directly in front of him. We didn't mind but, DAMN, she could've asked us in privacy so, we can decline. We were on a ladies trip and he was a single man on business, nice but, we'd rather have him sit elsewhere. I'm sure he was not that amused by our cackling and silly conversation. However, I don't think we will return.The service was great! Our waitress was awesome. I stopped by after getting off a cruise and was desperate for some NOLA flavor the gumbo and wings did not disappoint! However I did order the shrimp and grits and let's just say it was a true let down after that gumbo. I spent most of the time adding salt because it was extremely bland and tasted like nothing. No flavor no seasoning no spice just plain ole nothing. There was no sausage, no cheese, the shrimp didn't even have a seafood salty flavor. It was a true disappointment. I'd come back again just for the gumbo and the wings.I was seated rather quickly as a party of three at the peak of brunch time. I ordered chicken and waffles. The chicken was finger licking good. But the waffles were jus okay. It was a little undercooked for me, very soft. The other two people in my party ordered catfish which they devoured. It's definitely worth visiting.What a great breakfast place.  The restaurant was full when we arrived, Santiago was our waiter.  He greeted us a let us know it would be a short wait. He offered me a coffee and my wife a bloody marry while we waited. He cleared the first available table for us and took great care of us during this visit.  We will becoming back here in large part because of Santiago, not to mention the great food Thanks SantiagoThe two stars are only because my server was a sweet woman. This is the first restaurant in New Orleans i haven't liked. The food was sub par. For a place that's known for its chicken, it was the most disappointing thing. The chicken itself was dry and tasted like yesterday's reheated leftovers. The waffle was nothing to write home about, just a regular Belgian waffle. They do give a large serving: 3 pieces of fried chicken and a whole waffle for $14. But if the chicken is dry, the quantity is hardly anything to be excited about. The atmosphere wasn't really great either. I overheard a server loudly complaining to the bartender (my server) for taking tables. It's just not professional sounding. Anyway, all in all, don't waste your money. I wish I hadn't.We liked this place so much that we went here TWICE on our trip to NOLA for Jazz Fest - it also was great that it was open 24/7, and always had tables available for us.  
Service (5/5):  Our first trip, we had Nana, who was amazing! Such a wonderful waitress! (Managment - please make sure that she sees this!!) 
Food (5/5):  GET THE FRIED CHICKEN!  Okay, it's off my chest.  This is the best friend chicken that I have ever had.  Crispy on the outside, really tender and juicy on the inside.   Whether you get it with the basket with sides or with the waffle, or with a biscuit and gravy...just get it.  Oh, and don't forget the gravy, or the $12 bottomless Blood Marys!
Oh, and split your meal with a friend..it's a ridiculous amount of food...or, plan on carrying around a doggie bag with you all night.What a great place for breakfast and more.  Full bar, award-winning bottomless Bloody Marys, and great food.
My wife and I ate here three times during our visit to New Orleans.  Twice for breakfast, and once for a late dinner.  Great omellettes, benedicts, and biscuits as good as homemade.  I loved the gator sausage.
The staff here was beyond great.  Nina, Jenn, and Merry took good care of us and kept us coming back for more.  
Did I mention the bottomless blood marys?  Ok to go?
Stellar.Another place that did not disappoint. The fried chicken had some spice and kick to it, but very juicy and good! Not quite as good as Nashville chicken, but close.Delicious fried chicken!!! Nina our server was great! BOGO Hurricanes and bottomless Bloody MarysChicken was extremely salty and I don't believe the grease that the chicken was fried in was fresh maybe a week or two old. Red beans tasted like they were from a can. I will MostGreat food. 
And the service was great by Judith. She was a great waitress. 
The chicken was delicious, but the winner was the potato salad.Good food ruined by bad service. Our waiter was very bad. He didnt even acknowledge us nor even tried to interact with us. The food took longer than the group we were with, so we were still waiting atleast 30 mins after our other group had gotten their food. 
Very disappointed! I dont understand why they hire people like this with no people service skills, especially with the napkin holders that acknowledge reviews on their waiters. Unfortunately we didnt get his name, Of course we didnt get his name because he didnt even introduce himself. Wonderful. Apart from that the chicken tasted really good, waffles were soggy, they probably just took them out since we asked where our food was.Best bottomless bloody Mary's in New Orleans! Only $12. Judit was a wonderful waitress and she was very attentive. We stumbled on this place because it was right by our hotel. The menu was good and we enjoyed the all day breakfast option. (Pancakes and omelette) Good prices. Overall great place.I had a layover in New Orleans and was staying at a hotel up the street. I looked up Daisy Mae's on Yelp saw they had excellent reviews. I had the Gumbo for lunch it was awesome. The staff was friendly with a great atmosphere inside the restaurant. Mary was my waitress very friendly excellent customer service. I'll definitely be back in the future:).Great environment everything was good I will be returning most definitely .. my waiter was really helpful as wellIf I could give it a negative star, I would.  First the delivery man was unkept and had blood on his arms.  Most importantly, I began to eat my food (which was subpar to say the least) and there was a hair in it.  Mind you I'd eaten half of it.  This is the first and last time, I'll eat from this restaurant.This is known to be a really good breakfast/brunch place. We were there for a late lunch. Even though they serve breakfast all day, we decided to go with the fried chicken. The piece were big and came out hot. There is a lot of breading with some seasoning, but it tasted like the meat was either marinated or injected with crab boil. So it has an different flavor then traditional fried chicken. I didn't care for it. But someone might.  The biscuits were over cooked and hard as a rock. I will return to this restaurant, I just won't be getting the fried chicken again.  The service was excellent.Absolutely great service. Nice dining area. I love the Café field. The feed is fantastic!!
Someone at the table ordered fried chicken and waffles- I will be trying those next.
I usually order, and did this time, à la carte- I had two eggs Sunny Side-up and crispy on the bottom with a fried chicken thigh- all was perfect.
Truly enjoyed myself - love'en New Orleans - love'en the food - loving life - though missing my wife, sheee'd love Daisy Mae's!Very good and right across from Homewood Suites!  Fast and really friendly!  Definitely will be back!Definitely recommend !! .  Stopped in as it was across the street from the Homewood suites   We spilt a country style Benedict which was a sausage patty with a poached egg and country gravy.  We also split a BLT.   They were both tasty.  
Our server Maya was pleasant and attentive.Our waitress Mya was great. And she was so sweet. We enjoyed our po boys, fried chicken and waffles.Irene is a wonderful, sweet server. Sausage patties and biscuits n gravy were delicious.Delicious chicken and waffle sandwich. The shrimp back was good and a large portion. The drink hands down the BEST!Pretty good, standard southern breakfast.  Generally seasoned well.  Service needs improvement our food was luke warm as if it had sat for awhile before they brought it and it was not busy.The fried chicken is fantastic! Paired with the Belgian waffle and sweet syrup is the way to go. We also had the Cajun omelette which had a nice kick with the sausage. We left stuffed and happy!Hand down I will be back for more food.. Shrimp gumbo to go tho and I can't wait to try itHonestly, popeyes would probably be better. The food was eh at best. The omelet was undercooked, the salad came with the wrong dressing, and the chicken was average. typical diner food. We can understand the food but the service was horrible- our server was Khdeijtna M and she was quiet and unhelpful. She brought to little waters and then too many cups. Overall, we won't be eating here again. Also, they don't split checks just a heads up.The food were good, went there for bloody Mary, fried chicken , and shrimp and grits (with crawfish!!)
Everything was good, free refilled on the bloody Mary. 
Excellent service , I don't ask much for a good service, just make sure I got what I need when I need it and leave us along when friends can have a good conversation.Cute vibe the food was absolutely incredible and Jess was a great waitress ! Definitely coming backI tried the alligator po'boy which was super good. Better than what I expected. The day after I visited again and had their chicken and waffles along with some biscuits and sausage gravy. It's a great way to get the morning started.We came here on our last day of vacation for a late breakfast. We had about a 30 minute wait. The restaurant it self is very crowded and kind of hot because the line is out the door and the door is constantly open. 
We ordered chicken and waffles and country fried steak. This was my first time ever having southern fried chicken and it was THE BEST! The chicken was so tender on the inside and so crispy. There was just a tiny after kick of spicy. It was so good. And to top it off, the service was fantastic. Our server was running around like crazy but she took care of our every need. 
The restaurant does automatically add an 18% tip for parties of 5+. We tipped her more, though. 
The atmosphere is nothing to be excited about but the food and service were amazing!Probably the best waffle I've ever eaten, and the chicken tenders were up there too! I also ordered the ham and pancakes, took both meals home and they were still hot and delicious when I got there. I saved a part of the waffle for breakfast for tomorrow (edit: today! And it was still just as amazing after being toasted, 24 hours later).Small relaxing cafe style place. Prices are good, staff was very available and on point. Large portions which is nice when your ready for breakfast.  Very authentic tasting southern food.  It's worth the short walk in my opinion..  we noticed it when we had great pizza next door and we're very happy we ate here.If you want fried chicken go here! It was great. Fresh and  just a touch of spice. Great service great atmosphere great food !!So I seen the building was so cute on the outside had to come back. Clean, friendly n fast during our visit. Sold t shirts too. I tired the alligator po boy, gumbo, and 5 pc wings. Delicious food.We came for breakfast on our last day in New Orleans. Best food and service! Thank you Nina P! We will recommend this place to our friends visiting Nola. Also, the bottomless bloody mary's really are the best I've ever had.Maia is the most hospitable young lady and the chicken & waffles are delicious! Thank you!Typical eatery for this area. The Daisy chain (Daisy Duke, Daisy Maes, etc) has a pretty good grip on the breakfast market in New Orleans, and is decent. They end up being the other option when the top spots are all full, but they serve zero fruit or really any healthy options, so be prepared to eat largely and unhealthily when you are here. Good hangover food though of that's what you needThe service gets a one star the food gets none. The fried chicken was quick and hot, but taste was awful. There are so many other places I'd recommend.Cajun Omelette and Alligator Omelette are delicious! Great atmosphere and service even on a Saints game day for breakfast!The food was fantastic! But the waiter,Walter, not so much. I clearly said no egg on my biscuit but my biscuit came with egg. Also he filled my drink up halfway with water when my drink was definitely not water.We were looking for a place for some breakfast food and they have a great selection. Jessa was our server and was lovely. She was attentive with us and the baby.Great breakfast at this cozy diner. Shrimp and grits were the favorite at our table, but others swore by the chicken and waffles.Late brunch! I needed this pancake fix for the longest and I'm glad I got the chance to try Daisy Mae's to get it! These pancakes were so light and fluffy and def a great breakfast or  brunch spot. Located in the heart of the CBD. Make sure y'all check them out! #foodie #neworleansfood  #brunch #fun #travel #oysters #crab #essence #traveler #Uptown #foodgasm #foodporn #seafood #foodie #reviews #explore #explorepage #viral  #pancakes #blackfoodblogger #blackfoodie #nolaeats #neworleansfoodieA very cute place and good New Orleans menu. The fried chicken was great. The service (Judit) was fast and personable. I will return and or try the Daisy Dukes restaurant on our next trip.We stayed at the hotel nearby and wanted a dinner that did not cost over $20 each. Sunshine the waitress was very friendly and kept our glasses full. The food was great chicken had a little kick to it well seasoned. Busy little cafe with bar and probably some locals. Tap beer $3.00Horrible service. Had to go and get our drinks because our waiter was to busy making alcoholic drinks. When the food came out it was not hot. They did not get my husbands order correct. They brought hash browns instead of grits. Very disappointing. 
Waiter was to busy taking care of a bigger group. 
Very disappointing.This place was not worth the time. Service was awful and run by people who clearly have no interest in the restaurant business. We came really late for dinner and understood that it was not typical dinner time, but we sat at our table for 55 minutes waiting on our order, while every table around got their food, they just said it was the chicken that was taking a while. He decided to pay for our drinks and leave because there is no way fried chicken takes an hour to make.The food was fantastic (especially the red beans and rice and the po-boy)! Also, we had wonderful service!Really good! Chicken and waffles is great! Tasty and tons of flavor! Nice comfy spot. Will come Again for sure!Only open for two days, amazing comfort food. Best chicken and catfish ever. Super friendly staff. We will definitely recommend to others.Tried this place today and I gave 3 stars because the chicken and waffles were great. However, I ordered a catfish po boy and it did not look anything like the website pictures. The catfish was very undercooked. I did not want to send it back due to time restraints. So definitely try the chicken and waffles but go in bourbon street for poboys.Yo! I have nothing bad to say about the food and the service 5 stars big time. Just a little advice,1.Fix the wobbly tables and 2. Play some upbeat music, the chatter is overwhelming. OTHER THAN THAT ITS NO REASON THIS SHOULDNT BE MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NOLA. ( IT IS)My my!! This place is hitting! Love the chicken and waffles and the mimosas! My husbae felt the sausage country gravy Benedict was good w/ the exception of the egg being cooked too hard. He asked for over easy, but He said it was still good.It was a large group of us and they were able to accommodate us.. the service was great and the place was clean & calling... I had to give 3 starts because I ordered the shrimp & grits and was completely disappointed. No flavor... I was sad because my heart was set on this particular dish.. My expectations were way too high... I can't say for the rest of the food, but a few of us got this dish & all felt the same way. I think i'll try this place again but order something different.OMG this place is delicious! It was our first time in New Orleans and we scheduled an 8am swamp tour so we went on yelp to see which places were open nearby for breakfast before the tour.  We arrived when they opened at 7 am. The waitress was super friendly.  She let us know that it would take a while for any fried chicken plates because the fryer had to heat up first.  Of course my husband and I both ordered plates which included fried chicken.  We were done with our meal and out of there by 7:50 am just enough time to make it to the tour.  The food was amazing. We told everyone back home to check out this place for some delicious fried chicken if they are ever in New Orleans.Perfect little 24 hour spot. Their food is great and very homey. Malik was very friendly and helpful! This is my new late night spot!The great reviews at why I came for the chicken and waffles. I order at the bar and within 5-10 minutes my order is out. I'm surprised/impressed as they state that it typically takes about 20 minutes for fried chicken. Unfortunately there was a reason for the quick turn around. The food that I received was lukewarm/cold. 
Waffle was cool. Eggs had cheese sprinkled onto them and not scrambled into the eggs and The waffle was cold.  Being that I was in a rush I did not send it back. Hopefully this is not the norm for this place but it was a complete turnoff.Ordered half poboy and gumbo and highly disappointed. Gumbo lacked flavor, might as well eaten out of a can. The po boy had no sauce and I was given a dirty look when I asked for either remoulade or Mayo.
All the employees here looked miserable and the food was terrible, definitely will not be returning.I agree that the fried chicken is really good... very good. That is the positive. Negative is the onion rings are awful. Don't order them. They taste like frozen onion rings you get in the frozen food section in the grocery store but worse. And the sticky tables make me crazy. No excuse for sticky tables. Clean them with some serious cleaning solution or vinegar. Otherwise, I would give this place 5 stars.What can I say one star is just to much for a restaurant that have no service and bad food,
 I seat on the table I waited 2o min for the waited to come take my order which the restaurant have most empty tables and I order chicken tender and fries and a Coke .
The chicken came out less than 6min which is a plus but after I take the first bit it was warm ,after 5min there bring me the check and tell me to pay which I did not ask ,the worst part there 4get my Coke .this is the worst restaurant in New Orleans.Can't breath the chicken. Could be the best I've ever had. Omelette was rocking as well. Good coffee and great waffles. You won't be disappointed. Ambiance is quaint and somewhat dive-ish but clean and well presented. Enjoy.Went here twice on our first and last days of the trip because it was so great the first time and conveniently located across the street from our hotel.
There isn't anything special about the decor and you may even pass this on the street if you're not paying attention and looking for it. Upon arrival I thought we'd get subpar food that wouldn't be memorable but I was definitely wrong.
The first day I ordered chicken and waffles (unfortunately not pictured). I don't have much to say except for that it was simple amazing! The waffle was crispy but not burnt. The chicken was seasoned to protection!!!! And not just the seasoning on the skin, which was crispy and practically had no fat (a major plus)! And I got pineapple juice that was actually really good too. Because this food was so good, we came back for more a second time!
For our second experience we ordered to split the catfish po'boy combo that comes with a side of gumbo, and chicken and waffles because why not! Everything AGAIN was amazing! The cat fish was lightly breaded and seasoned well. The gumbo was also very good making it to the top two gumbos we had on the trip. And chicken and waffles as already mentioned were amazing..again! 
I can honestly say that I can make this a stable for my New Orleans trip because the food was so good! 
The service on day one wasn't the best and chicken takes 20 minutes (as reported on the menu) to make but the food was worth the wait!The best food I have had The gumbo is amazing fried chicken is awesome and the shrimp is to die for and Mia and Marty were our servers and they were absolutely amazing seriously give this place a five star service was great!!Love this place. Amazing staff from kitchen staff to the front servers!  Everyone was so accommodating!!  Food was exceptional! Daisha G. was an exceptional front line staff member who made sure all our needs were met.Good food cooked to perfection, excellent bloody Mary's and a wonderful display of art throughout the Rusterant. I guess the service could've been better, but it was lunchtime at the time that I was there.We stopped just for a drink. They were very friendly and happy to give us suggestions on other stops along the way. Nice peopleTerrific spot for breakfast and/or fried chicken.  I enjoyed chicken and waffles and bottomless Bloody Mary.  We came twice during our 4-day visit.  Excellent food & service.  Neat as a pin!  Tastefully decorated.  Quiet.  News and sports on TVs that are visible but not the focal point. Salt & pepper shakers as well as all other condiments at the table were spotless -- even the maple syrup squeeze bottle.  Our server today was Ruby -- great job!  Thank-you!  See you when we're in town next time.By far the most delicious, crunchy, flavorful, and soulful chicken I've ever had. Finally had the privilege of tasting some authentic Louisiana fried chicken. Our waitress Marie was so personable and attentive. Felt like a home cooked meal. Definitely recommended when in NOLA and prices were very reasonable for being so close to The French Quarter. They are open 24 hours.We ordered chicken & waffles. Their menu stated that there was a minimum wait of 20 minutes for fried chicken. It came out in two!! The chicken tasted as if it was fried again to seem fresh. The eggs that I got that were supposed scrambled with cheese simply had cheese scattered on top. Gross! When we complained about our food, they simply brushed it off and brought the ticket for the eggs I ate.Was great Chicken and Collard Green.    WOW.    Nice staff, quick to get drinks. Mangament checked on us 2 different time. Good place to eat.Enjoyed our experience here.  I had the Cajun omelette and my husband had the fried chicken.  Both were very good.  Mery took care of us and she was absolutely amazing.  Very sweet and very attentive to our needs and what we wanted to make our experience the best it could be.Came here on a Saturday morning and the place was almost full. I had a good feeling that this was "the" place to be. My friend ordered a bloody mary which apparently has free refills?? WOW. We also got some fried chicken and potato salad, shrimp and grits and a seafood omelette. Needless to say, all the food was excellent, the server was still very attentive even though the place was busy, and he must've refilled my friend's bloody mary at least twice and offered him a to go cup. Now that's good service. If I'm ever back in NOLA this place is going to be on my to go list. There's a reason why their yelp reviews are so good - try it out for yourself.Fast and courteous service. Food was so good! Easy to find and we would definitely recommend. Judit was great!I didn't know what to expect given previous reviews. I went in with an open mind expected to have a not so desirable experience but I was wrong. I went on a Monday and it was full but not packed. I was greeted promptly and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. Now when I sat down, the table was dirty from the previous patrons, but the waitress wiped the table off as she was greeting us. I ordered the chicken and waffles and they were the best I've ever had. You get a big serving for the price. Enough for two meals honestly. The chicken was hot, crispy, and seasoned well. The waffles were so soft and fluffy! They had a hint of cinnamon in them and a little powdered sugar on top so syrup was optional. The waitresses are extremely busy but they make sure you get what you need. If you go on a weekend day just be prepared to wait (and probably outside). The inside "lobby" is only big enough for maybe 5 people so the line will go outside. If you don't mind the wait, the food is worth it.We went here before the Ed Sheeran concert on Halloween. It was jam packed and while other places had an hour wait for two people we only waited about 20 min and sat at the bar. You could tell they needed more people and the waitresses were busting their butts trying to get everyone taken care of. I think they handled the rush great and were very friendly. They're doing great for opening up only about a week ago. I had the shrimp poboy and gumbo special. The poboy was delicious, soft, amazing bread and the breading on the shrimp was delicious. Gumbo was great too. The serving was a little small for the price but overall amazing food and no complaints.Malik is the best server. The food was amazing and the service was exceptional. The food came out very fast and was to die for. If you're ever in New Orleans don't hesitate to stop by.
Jessica, Houston TexasGood breakfast, good service and da bomb Bloody Mary! Best Bloody Mary I have had! Nothing fancy chicken and waffles look like they would be awesome!First time in NOLA. Great place for breakfast. My wife got the BLT and I got the chicken and waffles. Food was really good. The chicken was a little bit spicy which I like. Staff was friendlyI had the famous chicken and waffles and was very good! Ms Maya S was everything. Good food on my trip to New OrleansOrdered the pork chops, eggs, and hashbrown meal... the eggs were good but the porkchop was super thin and cooked way too long and not seasoned at all... the hashbrowns were ok.Our server Santiago was awesome! He gave great recommendations and provided excellent service. The seafood omelet and grits was on point! Thank you Santiago!!We ate here for breakfast, and the breakfast was good the seafood omelette and alligator omelette we're both very good. Right on the hash browns, and only one slice of toast but for the area a good breakfast for a good price. They advertise their Fried Chicken to be so great, so we decided that we would try that as well, a different meal obviously. The Fried Chicken was semi spicy it was overcooked the green beans had some weird taste in them the french fries which we asked for specifically extra crispy were limp and we did not even eat them. As far as service, the young man that waited on us was flat as a pancake, couldn't even get him to smile, he did check on us so he was attentive but had no business being a waiter.Nothing like a great southern breakfast after a night out and Daisy Mae's is right there with the best!!!! Small, simple, cheap and great food..... how can you go wrong? You won't here!!!Not sure how this place doesn't have perfect reviews. Food was incredible. Service was great. Price was great. Expect a wait for good food though. The place is packed because it's really good. You want something fast go to Dennys, you want something good you come here. This is one of two places we eat every time we visit this city for a reason.The service is prompt and friendly. I got the chicken and waffle. It was ok. The waffle is fluffy, but not special. The chicken was not that flavorful nor moist. It is a good restaurant for one time. But I would waste my calories to eat it again.Great fried chicken and gumbo. Our server Ruby Ann was very attentive and answered all our questions.At 12am dat chicken waz good. I waz quite surprised by the taste and texture of my meal to be open so late. Go here when your hungry and maybe want to chat it up with some friends.This place is awesome. Skip hotel food and go here! They serve breakfast all day. Their fried chicken is SO GOOD! We ate there twice in the same day. Get a biscuit! Gumbo is good too. It's all cooked to order and small restaurant so don't go in there expecting fast food. Great service.So straight to the point...  I had the chicken and waffles, the flavor was on point, it was nice and fresh.. however, the chicken was a bit too greasy for me.  The portion size was great, I was able to take some back with me.  My sister ordered the biscuits with gravy and a side of eggs.  She like the eggs, but wasn't impressed with the biscuits and gravy.  The service was very dry, but that made up for it with my BOGO mimosas.Cute small spot in town for breakfast while in NOLA. I regret not trying the fried chicken as the portions were so huge and I dined by myself with no help to eat it Lol. I had the seafood omelet-ask for extra cheese and sauce. Yummy!This place is amazing! A mix of perfect flavors, great atmosphere and great service by Jessa M!Best chicken n waffles in NOLA.  Go hungry, leave stuffed.  Jess was our server both visits.  Great food, great serviceAmazing food and wonderful staff! We will absolutely be back! It was a short walk from our hotel and the BOGO drinks were the best deal we've found in New Orleans!Not my first visit.  Great breakfast/brunch joint.  Jess was my server; very pleasant and accommodating to reasonable prep requests.Oh my goodness. This place was the worst. My co-worker treated me to lunch and I selected this restaurant because I had never been before. We ordered the chicken wing basket and the shrimp basket. I also ordered a lemonade and when I tasted it, it tasted like water. When I told the server about it, she asked what does it taste like, and I said water. She then said "the machine must be broken. I'll be back with your lemonade. " In hindsight this foreshadowed things to come.
Our food would arrive one hour later. I even looked around to see if the restaurant was packed and it was about 1/3 full. Had the conversation not been enjoyable, we would have left sooner. When we inquired about the food, and told the server that the people across from us were sat after us, but had finished their meal, she stated that while they were sat after us, they ordered before us. 
She then said that the restaurant had received a 50-piece chicken to go order, so they were behind on chicken. Well, don't you think she could have told us that sooner so we could have ordered something else?
The fried chicken was seasoned well, piping hot and crispy. The biscuit was also fluffy and moist. I was very impressed. The onion rings, however, were horrible. My co-worker complained about her tiny shrimp and I joked that that's the size they use to catch fish. As you can see in the picture, her dish looked underwhelming.
We saw a couple tourists about to enter as we were walking out and we politely told them to go elsewhere.
Food: 3
Service: 1
Ambiance: 4Customer service is good and the waiter was very respectful. The drinks were so good and the food was amazing. I'm not from New Orleans but if I ever comeback. I would definitely come here again.I enjoyed the fried chicken the most. The price of the food is reasonable and they gave big portions. Definitely will visit again if I am in town.This spot was within an arms reach from my hotel and boy did I luck up. Everything i ordered was amazing. They were always busy but the food comes out pretty quick so the wait didn't seem that bad. You can also skip past the line and head right to the bar or grab it to go. It's not all that big inside FYI + they fit a good amount of tables in the space so just something to consider.  Don't even bother calling. They never pick up.Definitely disappointed by the shrimp and grits. It was missing flavor and wasn't warm as if they used the microwave.First stop on my visit to New Orleans.  I have to admit I ended up here by accident.  While passing by in the UBER I thought it was a restaurant that was recommended on THRILLIST.com Willie Mae's.  Nonetheless I ordered the chicken and biscuits.  I was not a fan of the biscuits or fries but the chicken was, crispy, juicy; fried on the spot.Great atmosphere as soon as I stepped in.  There really was no hostess to seat you..  you wait for someone to seat you (of course an employee).  This place was at capacity with few of us waiting.  I think when one table in a section is free, that waitress comes and gets you. I don't remember the young man who helped me, but thank you.   I had the speciality.  Fried chicken egg bacon between two waffle buns sandwich so very delicious.  The chicken was juicy the waffle crispy and fluffy.  With a side of Creamy Grits .   The place was busy, you can tell people was enjoying themselves.   The food isSo this was my first time in New Orleans and I yelped some places to try for lunch. I decided to go with Daisy Mae's. The food was good , the restaurant follows the COVID-19 rules such as wearing a mask, managing capacity, and utilizing the 6 foot rule. The wait was short and the customer service was exceptional. The food was brought out nice and fresh and definitely worth every penny. I would recommend trying it out if you're in New Orleans.This is Daisy Duke's little sister. The food was amazing. I enjoyed a Daisy Burger with onion rings. Our waiter and manger were great and provided helpful suggestions. Can't wait to visit this CBD establishment again.A month after we are here, and my boyfriend is still talking about it. I wish I remember our servers name. I think it was Maria or Mary? She was awesome. Of all the breakfast places her tried while in NOLA, this was definitely out favorite!
The Bloody Mary was delicious!I went on Monday at noon. On the plus side the food came out really fast. Shockingly fast. I ordered a cup of gumbo and the fried chicken with fries. On the not so plus side it was all cold. Even the table next to me said theirs was cold too. In hindsight i should have asked for it to be prepared fresh as they may be catering to the lunch crowd that doesn't have much time and just wants to get in and out.   The staff was attentive and n top of it. Based on some of the other reviews I was hoping for a better experience. I'll try again for breakfast and see what it's like.We came in for breakfast at about 10:45am. No one acknowledged us at the door. We are a large party and I understand that we're not the easiest to accommodate, but the fact that no one even said hello for about 15 minutes was a rough start. Our server, Khdeijtna, was the least friendly person we've encountered in the city. Food took almost an hour to come out to us, the restaurant had just cleared out, and we all ordered breakfast food which should've been pretty simple. All of our food came out cold and soggy. My husband ordered a breakfast sandwich and the bread was not even toasted and there was just American cheese slapped on top of the bread, not warm or melted at all. It looked like prison food (pictured below). She held us hostage at the table while we waited to pay our bill. There is an automatic 18% gratuity added on to parties of 5+, so we felt that really impacted the lack of service we received. I would have left way more if the service was great, but I honestly wish I could leave less.The Mae's Breakfast Sandwich was phenomenal and Jessa did an amazing job! Midwesterners here and we thought the Bloody Mary's were too heavy aka not enough vodka. Totally worth the visit though!That shrimp po boy was seasoned soooo good. The fried green tomatoes were really good as well.Cute restaurant. Love the grits! Gumbo is yummy. Fast and friendly service.  Can't wait to go back and try more items in the menu.My wife & I are on vacation and we're going on a long excursion. I figured a big breakfast will hold us over, Daisy Mae's here we come!
Walking inside, it's an eclectic space with lots of New Orleans paraphernalia. We grab a table and I zero in on Chicken & Waffles. Mmm mm! 
I didn't see anything funky like gator and waffles, nothing like going on a gator tour with a belly full of gator.
The chicken and waffles were good, I can see why people dig this spot. 
We had a nice breakfast here, enjoyAbsolutely delicious food, great service from friendly servers. I loved my Country Benedict,  eggs were perfectly poached and melted in my mouth. Daughter raved about her Cajun omelet, and my son's chicken and waffles were among the best he's had. We did have to park in a pay lot across the street, $11.Crispiest fried chicken I've ever had! Great spot for a NOLA breakfast. Small business charm in a great location. Not too long of a wait when arriving (9:30am) but it does get crowded quick. Sit at the bar  and have the best Bloody Mary in the City. Don't forget to get one tto go as well!Really good food and great ambiance. We ate there for their first time tonight and loved it. Judy was so kind to us and my 6 year old thought she was just the best. Will be back..... probably tomorrow.Daisy Mae's was our very last stop before heading back home. We couldn't leave NOLA without getting a fried chicken fix. We were originally aiming to eat at Willie Mae's Scotch House but made the rookie mistake of planning to go on a Sunday when it was closed. Alas, Daisy Mae's was there to the rescue. (I'm sure many of you reading this who have had Willie Mae's will say something along the lines that nothing will compare but hey now we have a reason to come back to NOLA.)
We got the 3 pc. fried chicken basket and it was absolutely the fix we were looking for. It was seasoned well and that crunch you feel in your first bite totally vibrates through your teeth - perfection. The fries on the other hand were just your normal crinkle cut fries. Nothing special but a welcomed side.
I did knock off a star because the service was not great and it took nearly 25 mins. for us to get our one plate of food in a nearly empty restaurant. Servers were not intuitive and needed to be constantly flagged down. Other than that, if you're willing to let that go, the food was definitely worth a stop.Came the morning of oct 15. The family was on vacation and this was super close to downtown and had amazing reviews. And they sure lived up to the good words. Seafood omelet was amazing!!!! 
And to top it off our server Jessa was super helpful and walked us through the menue and gave us advice on the town.We visited twice, breakfast on day one of our NOLA visit.  Food was perfect...cajun omelets & the best bloody Mary I've ever had.  Lunch on our final day here was fried chicken that was out of this world & a gator po' boy.  Great food & friendly staff;  well worth checking out.We had walked by Daisy Mae's two days in a row and something about it kept catching my eye. Perhaps it was how dark it appeared from the outside. The fact it ALWAYS said it was open. I'm unsure what drew me in but I knew I had to visit. After needing a brunch spot I checked the trusty Yelp app and saw all the positive reviews and said okay this is the place. 
There was a bit of a wait on a Sunday but nothing too crazy. There were signs all over that they were no longer serving alcohol, as well as a permit in the front about maybe starting to serve alcohol again at some point? Very confusing since they had the best bloody mary in 2018 as per their sign.
It's a very old-school bare bones type of spot. Grab your own napkins. Light utensils. Basic coffee bar where I'm guessing the alcohol once was. I didn't care - I just wanted to eat! Service was fast, the food was good. They get you in and out to keep the line moving.Wendy, Wendy, Wendy!!!
Thank you so so much! You made out experience here so much better. You deserve that reward they mentioned and some! 
The food was absolutely amazing!! A million thumbs up.Amazing food and service...Kim was a doll and gave us the best service... we will definitely be back next time we are in New OrleansAmazing. Wendy was awesome and gave me exactly what I ordered at the perfect temperature. My family ordered the chicken tenders as well as the country fried breakfast and it was all the best fried recipes I've tried anywhere here in Luisiana. Wendy was very professional and took care of our every need. Thank you.They have great service and food!!! Jess was the server, she was so helpful! The Mazes breakfast sandwich was amazing!!Ordered from here this morning togo. Chicken and waffles with a side of country gravy and  a Cajun omelet with hash browns and a biscuit. The chicken is great but the waffle was so so sooogggyyy! It was flimsy and felt like someone dipped it in water. The country gravy is severely under seasoned with and tasted like canned gravy. Didn't eat the waffle or the gravy just the chicken. 
The omelet was over cooked and the egg dried out and had that weird egg film on them that happens when you over cook an omelet. The biscuit was also soggy but some how dry at the same time. 
Would not recommend for breakfast especially to go. If you go just get chicken. It's the only thing we enjoyed and the only reason for two stars Perhaps it's better in person based on the reviews but I would never return. Sad to have wasted a meal here when in New Orleans.This place was packed! My husband went to order some food to go and people were all crowding the front, like not wanting to let others in, which is weird to do a wait at a restaurant as a line instead of a waitlist with names to call... He was able to get through some of the crowd to go to the front to order but one lady in the line got really rude and mouthy.. making him uncomfortable. He said it was so loud and he was trying to tell her he didn't want a table, just ordering to-go but she just continued to chew him out.
The food was okay by time we finally got it to go, but the restaurant needs to get a better system for guests waiting.Excellent! Best Southern food in NOLA, in my opinion. Fried chicken and sides--delicious! Cannot wait to return!The wait has finally ended. The food is delicious. These pictures will do it no justice. But don't take my word for it. Come stop by and try it for yourself. You will have a problem though you will not be able to choose what you want to eat.The servers were rude. They didn't serve us and told us to sit wherever. The chicken was over fried and like a brick. Then the server brought the check with the food. All together a bad experience.Went into the restaurant to take food to go. It took over 40 minutes for the order to be completed. While waiting, I noticed a woman working there who was very unpleasant and rude to quite a few of the patrons. She was later identified as one of the owners. 
I also noticed one couple send their food back and when it came out the second time, something still wasn't right because they got up to leave. I can only imagine that there was a problem with the shrimp and grits which one of them ordered because when I got back to my hotel and tried mine, I wanted to throw it away. The grits had no flavor and they were very soupy. There was some type of gravy in it also that had absolutely no flavor. 
Another dish ordered was the chicken and waffles. My sister thought the waffles were good but the chicken was very salty. I tried it and I agree. 
Decent items: coffee and hash brownsVisited here while in town looking for a hearty breakfast. They're busy but we were seated fairly quickly. I ordered the country fried steak. It came out cold with the eggs undercooked and the gravy had no flavor. The whole meal felt as though it was a frozen meal heated up in the microwave. The price is also far too high for food that is clearly not homemade. I do not recommend coming here at all. Also, they no longer serve alcohol. Fair warning.My family and I had breakfast here while vacationing in NOLA. The fried chicken was out of this world, the chicken wings were cooked perfectly, the service was prompt and friendly.  They follow the covid19 regulations. Next time, I will order a bloody Mary.Ruby was very kind and attentive. The came to the fried chicken; it did not disappoint.I got the shrimp poboy. Soooo good. Tons of shrimp in there. The guy next to me got the fried chicken. It looked amazing. This place was very good and I'm happy I was told to come here
I came back again it was so good. I just got the gator poboy and fried green tomatoes. It was unreal.The food was delicious. The wait time was about 10 minutes at that was at 1130/1200 ish The only reason i give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the service. It took our server a while to get the things we needed and it was not that busy. 
The waffle is very good. I did not like the bacon. The chicken was good, could've been better if it wasn't really crunchy. Their sweet tea is good as well!