My husband and I have visited this spot more than once while in NO. The wings are really good, they give you a TON of fries and the breakfast is REALLY good. I would definitely revisit. The also have bottomless mimosas!Close to our hotel- Clean-food was good, reasonable. The staff was friendly and quick. We ate here 3 times!NIce restuarte food very delicious however, the bathroom and the hall to the bathroom that smell is horrible.  I do understand the city has taking a major hit but if you go to the bathroom or go down that hall first the smell will kill your appetite.  But my second time there and the food was delicious. Please please get that plumbing issue repaired or keep some very clean scent to help that odor out.Awesome Fried Green Tomato Po'Boy!! Service could use a little improvement but pretty good little spot to grab a bite. I give it a 4-star rating because my beer was a little warm and the waitress had a little attitude.Don't be fooled by its 24/7 all night cafe persona. The food is delicious and comes out piping hot.  The gumbo is comparable to the high end restaurants in the area. The service is fast and friendly.  On my 5 day vacation I discovered this restaurant on day 3.. and I was hooked. Just go.. you won't regret it.Great place to eat. Open 24 hrs which was a plus. We were delayed at the airport and got in late not to mention hungry. So we looked a place and this was our choice. Good decisionGo here. Not the one on Chartres. Love the hot wings. The breakfast is good. The gumbo too. So is the Cajun omelette. The servers are nice and efficient.Sometimes super busy but there's a reason why! Good food and service! Love the bloody Mary's!Only reason it's a 2 star review (would be a 1.5 if half stars were allowed) is because of the excellent mimosa. Poboy's are soggy, food was bland (lacked any seasoning whatsoever), and the service was abysmal even by Nola standards. 
You're gonna wanna go ahead and pass on the express location and head over to the flagship DD.I enjoyed my visit to this place. When I walked in, I was told I could sit anywhere I liked. I sat at the bar. The girl behind the bar helped me unTil my waitress came out and when she finally did come out, she was really sweet and eager to help. I got one of the everyday specials that gave you half of any poboy and a side (I believe the choices were limited to gumbo and something else, but I don't remember, sorry). I got the alligator poboy and gumbo. It was GREAT! My only issue is that the piece of sausage was so big and the poboy was so packed with lettuce and diced tomatoes, I could barely bite into it and it eventually fell apart in my hand. I had to ask for a knife and fork and eat it like a salad. The atmosphere is more like a bar with a kitchen, rather than an actual restauraunt but i still liked it. I would definitely eat here again.Great place! Anytime we are in town we always make it a point to stop here! Love the jambalaya and gumbo!The food was okay. The Cajun Spicy Gumbo was suppose to have shrimp/seafood but there was none. Didn't care much for the overcooked biscuit. The fried oysters are great but the cajun has no taste to it.24/7, that's pretty sweet! The food hit the spot, but it's one of those places you don't really plan on going to, just stumble upon.  I had the Seafood Omelet: crawfish, shrimp, mushrooms & cheese, it was pretty good, but the grits are what I remember the most; soo delicious. I also had a bloody mary that that was very good!Great food and value, had the breakfast special and filled my food tank up . Where I am from , they don't ask if you would like a refill of your drink to go, here they do , which is a nice surprise. Very friendly servers,No complaints! We ordered the Cajun fries, fried green tomatoes, the gyro, and the DD hot sausage po boy...Everything was absolutely delicious. We were stuffed!!!Popped in for an early breakfast.  Seated quickly our waitress was attentive.  The food was very good not greasy and prepared properly.  The coffee was excellent.  It was a great start to our day.  Keep in mind the whole in the wall places usually have the best food - this one was no different.  Would I return ?  Yes definitely.Being in NOLA for a week meant we needed to grab breakfast every single day and this was our typical spot.
Breakfast was solid. Cocktails were refreshing. They have a two for one special that runs pretty much all the time. 
I'm big on the Bloody Mary's and decided this one morning to ask for one after my coffee but it was not presented like in the photos. I kind of felt cheated cause I didn't get my crayfish on top. It was still good.
The place is really small though so seating kind of gets cramped and service is not consistent. We gave them a couple of chances before seeking out a new local.
Background, the name is drawn from the former owner who was obsessed with the Dukes of Hazard.Our family went to dinner tonight and ate: rib eye steak, blackened cat fish, and pork chops. It was yummy and came with fried green tomatoes, gumbo, and fluffy biscuits. A nice change from the hustle of the French Quarters!  Yes, I would definitely go back!The food wasn't bad, I got to try fried oysters on a po boy and the gumbo was spicy. But the service was terrible. Ignored me the entire time and never checked on me. Took my food when I left the table to use the restroom without asking (although I waited 10 minutes before using restroom for them to come take plate because I wanted to order grits). Had to ask for my check and was never offered a drink refill. Did not recommend to my colleagues.Again, some great comfort food while traveling. The service was outstanding. Sat next to some playa that seemed to want to be waited on hand and foot. These folks take good care of you. If you are polite, you typically get polite back. Playa was whiny and rude, he got polite back. Cmon folks spread some love! Great food, great service, coming back next time in NOLA.Me and my friends ate in daisy dukes and we had the spicy garlic wings and cajun philly and Oh boy! It's really good! My server for that day is rachelle, she is so helpful and attentive! You need to keep her! I will come back again!This place has the best burger and Cajun fries and the best part all under $7. The waitress was great and we never wanted for anything.Some items good and some not so good. The kids liked the pizza.   We tried seafood and not too good. We ordered sampler and bowls had whatever was in it running down the sides. Tasted very out of a can. On the plus side, service was very good. Also could see into kitchen and saw delivery guy coming back from delivery and put slices of cheesecake in a to go container with bare hands.  Ewww.This is a great little place, located just west of Canal Street, in the Central Business District, but adjacent to the French Quarter. I stopped in for an order to go because it was a cold evening, and my wife didn't want to go out. So I grabbed some tasty food and brought it back to our room at the JW Marriott. Great choice.
-Cup of Gumbo: I LOVE gumbo, and this had some of the tastiest broth I'd ever had. Sausage was spiced nicely, and both chicken and sausage were tender and tasty. And it was served hot, unlike another restaurant we had visited earlier.
-Crab cakes on Fried Green Tomatoes: The bartender complimented me on my choice, and he was right. TASTY and perfectly seasoned crab cakes, on top of the best fried green tomatoes my wife and I have ever had. The home made remoulade was excellent. Growing up in SoCal, I never understood the attraction to fried green tomatoes. Until now. 
-Fried Shrimp Po Boy: The fried shrimp was tasty, and we loved the lettuce and tomato in the french bread. We also got mustard and mayo on the side. We love good shrimp and good french bread. 
If it wasn't so cold, we would have certainly eaten here, or at the main Daisy Duke's a couple blocks away.Excelent filet philly cheesesteak. Nice NOLA twist on fries and onion rings with the spices and dips.Ok, my wife and I are 50 but turn 25 every time we visit NOLA.  We were staying at a nearby hotel and ate here three times.   EVERY TIME the staff were polite and a joy to be around.  Even at 3:00 AM.   The food is hot, it's filling, and it's delicious.  If you want your pinky in air as you sip $20 cocktails, don't come here.  If you want family food with a unique blend of fellow patrons.  Come on in!Food was great and portion size was large, which is the only reason for 3 stars instead of 2. Service was slow and not really friendly. Bathroom was hideously dirty. Can't say that I would go back.It was close, thank goodness, but it may have been across town and I would still recommend it. Go there when you're hungover, go there when you want to get buzzed, go there when you're already sloppy drunk. This place is one welcoming hole filled with pesky patrons and lovely waitrons.Great for late-night food.  Friendly.  Delivery may take a bit.  It was so close to the hotel I just walked and had a beer while waiting for carry-out.  Shrimp Po-Boy was huge and delicious. Almost, but not-quite, 5 star worthy.They are a favorite when we are in downtown.   The breakfast is one of my favorites.   While it looks like a hole in the wall, the staff is great and the food is better.   The trip to them is worth the effort.  There little to no parking and that's why I gave it 4 and not 5 stars.  And before you ask, no one is wearing "Daisy Dukes".Very good late night snack.  The alligator po boy was great.  Everything's just a little too greasy.  Definitely had a stomach ache after this meal. The creole sampler was just ok.  Some lacking flavor.Had the shrimp and grits for a late night snack after Bourbon St.  it was very delicious and spicy!  Just the Cajun taste I was looking for!  Hubby had a simple BLT, perfect late night snack!  Great location with friendly staff and it was clean, glad we stopped here.We visited here from a recommendation of our concierge at the hotel. The service was OK. They were very prompt with our breakfast plates. However the bacon was so thin you could read a newspaper through it. I think it straight out of the microwave not good at all the eggs and hashbrowns were very good. My order of toast was completely white not even a hint of brown on the toast, I then noticed it was not just mine but every table that ordered toast came out White we will not be backNot sure what the hype is about, food was average! Not worth a 5 min wait! Prices are low but spending more was worth it to me.I ordered a Jambalaya & it just looks/tastes exactly like those leftover from few days ago, nothing is fresh! I've tried a much better Jambalaya even from air plane. Can't believe this place has high reviews.Great food and service from Sara 
Ask for Sara she is the best  Fun menu open 24 hours.Reasonable prices on breakfasts.  The early bird $3.99 was perfect.  Grits were okay, but the biscuit was superb!  Nothing super special but it was nearby our hotel and I loved the jazz music that was playing loudly that early morning!  AWESOME!!Went for breakfast,  a really short walk from my hotel. Breakfast was great, I had a Cajun omelette with fries and a biscuit.  Hubby had pancakes. Everything was good even the coffee. Service was great, prompt and with a smile. While eating there were a lot of plates given to other customers, Wow it all looked good. Think I might go back for dinner.
Okay, I went back for lunch and had the seafood platter.   Fried Shrimps, fried oysters and catfish  $19.99. Good deal!!! Taste good.This is one of the place I most likely to Visit to dine! aside from It is situated in heart of the city, Just the street across Bourbon! It also offers a 24 Hours service! may it be Dine In or TOGO! and yes! the they have an open bar 24/7! aint it cool???  Daisy Dukes Offers a great quality of service! the Food is Good and so it their prices. The servers are fast and courteous. As you enter the restaurant, you will be greeted with a smile and be seated on where ever you preferred to sit. they will serve you water while you were deciding on to have on the menu. The new management Improved a lot in this establishment.  so Better check it yourself! and Oh! they do offer Bottomless Hurricane! and a crawfish hanging on their Bloody Mary! Try Their chicken wings too! you can have it in diff flavor of your choice too! I suggest the Dukes special sauce :) Your new Orleans experience will not be complete if you will not try the Poboys! I suggest their Cajun Philly Cheese!Terrrrible! Do not order this shit. Food was disgusting and cold. Forgot all our dressings idk how you don't bring any dressings when it's on the receipt. Threw my food in the trash after a couple bites. Mad I even have to give them a rating of 1 star. Don't even waste ur timeWe loved the food and atmosphere. Very laid back and easy going, like the city its self. They even had a kids menu, which is nice since we had our 4 yr old with us during this trip. We will be adding this place to our list of good eats for out New Orleans trip.The best burger yet delivered ever, just visiting from San Diego and we were a bit hungry after spending the day out exploring the town and I heard from the hotel I was staying in it this was the place to call and yet it was it was the best ever burger I've ever had and I live in San Diego and they delivered it to my door in less than 30 minutes you have  to indulge in daisies burgers it isAMAZINGGood late night spot. Don't get overwhelmed by the menu bc you have options. Enjoy. I had the gumbo & fried oyster platter. Both were pretty good.Family and I stopped here for breakfast while visiting New Orleans... the biscuits were unexpectedly amazing. Hash browns were good. Server was just okay... she got the job done, she wasn't bad, and she wasn't great. All in all, I would come here again.
Oh... and my 14 yr old gave a thumbs up on the biscuits and gravy.Came here while visiting New Orleans and I must say the food was awesome and the service was even better! I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Food was delicious lots of oysters on my poboy and the gumbo was fabulous! Nice to have the 2 for 1 Bloody Mary, and the wait staff was efficient and very delightful! One negative was that the bathroom was HORRIBLE! They should plan ahead for this on a Saints Game day!We were staying at a hotel in the French Quarter and ordered grits and hash browns to have them delivered. It was here in less than 5 minutes! Grits were okay and hash browns were extremely greasy. If you want some "okay" food - fast - though then check it out!The food was surprising good for 2 am, had a breakfast sandwich similar to a sausage McMuffin from McDonald's but homemade and much, much better.  The restaurant was crowded for Wednesday early morning and our server Valerie was amazing!!!Justin was awesome!! Food was good and service was fast! Will come back again next time we're in townMy friends and I decided to go in before a night of going out because it's right by our hotel & super close to bourbon. It wasn't too busy & we were taken care of immediately- they have awesome drinks & bottomless hurricanes that are totally worth it. We got poboys & baskets & were all totally full! We'll definitely be back before we leave town!Good stuff! Excellent staff! I had the gumbo and the shrimp and grits - what you talkin' 'bout!?!Very good prices. Catfish poboy special was huge. All my friends agreed it was a great hungover lunch before leaving town. One of my friends said that the breakfast steak wasn't very good so avoid that. I wouldn't go out of my way but if your hotel is walking distance go, it should be worth itWe asked our valet guy in our hotel where we could get some good chicken wings and he recommended Daisy Dukes. Our waitresses (we went twice) were very very nice and kind both times. We were told to try the dukes sauce and it was awesome. I even asked the waitress if they sold the sauce and she said no but gave me the recipe. You cant argue with the price being so low and the wings were pretty damn good. Would go again no doubt.Awesome food.... Awesome Service considering they were super-packed!!!! I gave them 4 Stars because I didn't have that WOW experience!!! I also dined here for late night dinner!! Excellent and yes I am going backHad lunch here recently and I am a fan. Good gumbo and an even better Po Boy. Large portions and very good food.
Try it you will like it!I came to New Orleans on a late night flight, after i check inn my hotel and everything i saw it was after 10 PM and most of the restaurants were close so i walk in to a CVS and they told me Daisy Dukes was right by it and it's open 24/7 so i went here and when i walk in it was not very busy.
The food was alright had the New Orleans Sampler was not bad but nothing to talk home about but it's good for a late night place if you need food.
The service was great set by a lady that help me find a hotel cause little did i know most of the hotels were booked the next night and help me find one and the stuff was very friendly and take good care of me.
Overall i will give this place a 3 and a half stars.After checking into our hotel the front desk staff recommended Daisy Dukes as a place to grab a quick dinner. It was set yourself and with a large party there weren't many options so we got a table near the front door. After waiting awhile a waitress finally came over and took our drink order. Being new to the area and the restaurant she wasn't able to answer our questions about the menu and asked for assistance from another waitress. The food was pretty good, they gave you a lot of it, but overall I'd say this place is just "ok"Well, here we have another New Orleans business that needs to wake up and realize that it's 2015, and people like to pay with credit cards. I tried to place an order from them today, and was told that delivery was cash only. When I told them that wouldn't work, they were just pleased as can be to let my business slip away.
What ever happened to the days where businesses were willing to make do whatever it took to make the sale and please their customers? Are they so convinced that they are too big to fail now days that they can piss away paying customers because they wish to cling to the days of the gold standard? Perhaps they think it's 1985, perhaps they long for the days of 8-bit Nintendo, parachute pants and boom boxes.
Perhaps the folks at Daisy Dukes are simply trapped in some sort of strange time vortex, mentally of course. Makes me ponder what they think when their customers walk in on cell phones. They must think the world has gone mad.
If there is anyway that this can be explained, it must be rooted in some form of dark magic or perhaps a steam-punk inspired time travel device that has caused them to become unclear on the date, the year, and most importantly, the current trends on sales and marketing, you know, crazy stuff like credit card sales.
My guess is perhaps that they were trying to summon a demon in the back of their restaurant one night. They probably used some sort of animal blood for their ritual instead of the quality human stuff. 
In doing so, they summoned a stupid demon, not the cool kind like in the movies. When they asked this demon to give them the secrets to wealth and earthly success, I can only imagine that he said,
"Duhhhh, clearly, maintain a cash only rule for delivery, because people in 2015 ALWAYS carry just cash on them, and if they don't, people LOVE paying ATM fees in order to buy your food."
Not realizing they had summoned a stupid demon, the owners of Daisy Dukes foolishly followed his advice. So, blame the demon I guess, because clearly no modern business owner would be so STUPID on his/her own accord as to allow business to slip away. I mean, because making sales in the prime directive of any business, am I right?Also: I want to compliment whoever created the playlist at Daisy Duke's. The 90s playlist was BOMB!!!!! Every song was awesome. Loved it.#I walked around town for about an hour trying to decide where to eat. I got tired and ended up here for some reason. Two for one #Bloody Marys at the time was cool.
#I got the New Orleans Sampler and didn't like it. But my friend met me there and ate the rest of my food. He thought it was good. I can't tell if it's because I was #hungover or if it was because my friend was hungry and didn't get any sleep. Maybe all of the above reasons.
It's #weird. I think this picture of food looks really good.Our go to spot for breakfast. Quick turn around and good service. Table of 16 quickly sat and beverages served. Food was great! Came out quickly and hot. I got BLT like I always do. Most of the table got the egg platter and pancakes. The pancakes are so fluffy and yummy. Gumbo and red beans were great! Thanks for the memoriesHad a blast!!! best biscuits ever. Everything was traditionally hot New Orleans style. Food came out hot and fast. Great late night spot. I ordered the crawfish ettoufe and fried oysters. Everything was fantastic.Great Cajun. Killer catfish po-boy, jambalaya and gumbo. Less smokey bar/ restaurant to watch the Saints! Superb service on a Sunday evening. Waitress gave perfect suggestions and modifications to meet our needs. Will come here every time I'm in NOLA!My first and most likely my last stop in this place. Sat down and it took a good while for anyone to someone up to us and even ask for a drink order. Not sure why considering there were two people behind the bar and and another having a conversation near the back. When someone finally came up got a draft Bud Lite and man it tasted skunky! Ordered a gyro with onion rings and wasn't bad but wasn't the greatest. My buddy ordered a cheeseburger, but I guess it was too much to add the cheese. On a plus it was convenient to the hotel.Justin was really friendly and welcoming! The food was delicious and filling. Service was quick and the restaurant was clean and cozy! I had a smokin good time!We had one breakfast and one dinner there and the quality was way above what we expected for the price. The atmosphere was nice and our server Sara was the best.The atmosphere was casual and inviting. The service was quick as well. 
We had the biscuits and country sausage gravy, Cajun omelette and the pancake stack. The biscuits and gravy were decent and the omelette had a nice kick to it.I wrote a review on this place and it was removed. I based the review on the menu.  The menu says: Voted #1 Bloody Mary in New Orleans. Since I had been drinking at least 3-5 different Bloody Mary's a day on a 10 day Brotrip across the States, I ordered one. This was my second day in Nola and I had already consumed several Bloodys around the town. I strongly dis agreed with the menu statement. However. I also ordered a breakfast and it was Very filling and tasty.  There is a radio playing ever so softly in the back, the head waitress has some vocals and she's not afraid to show em off.  She sings the songs as she bops from table to table doing her thing. I'm a sucker for a singer with a strong voice. I would return. I'd even order another Bloody Mary, but it is NOT the best in Nola.Food is awesome!! Service is friendly and quick. I didn't think I liked Cajun food until I tried their "New Orleans Sampler" great choiceI'm a frequent NOLA visitor, but this was my first time at Daisy Dukes.  My friends and I ordered dinner for delivery to our hotel and the food was prompt, fresh, hot, and delivered with a smile to our room.  We ordered fried green tomatoes, two catfish platters, gumbo, lemon pepper wings... it was all great.  I ate the gumbo two more times in fours days.
The best thing was the return of my FitBit after I accidentally left it in the restaurant bathroom.  The servers remembered me, and was able to return it to my friends (as I'd already left the city for home).  I can't thank Ashley and the other server who helped me get my watch back!!
I'll definitely be back!Yeah buddy! 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, when your drunk and got to eat, to Daisy Dukes you gotta go, for the best bacon, grits and coffee yo. 
Seriously- reasonably priced breakfast, lunch and dinner menu with New Orleans style cooking.  Nice staff and very fastThis was a very convenient stop across from our hotel.  Our hotel served breakfast but we wanted some NOLA flavor.  This place was very good.  The service was friendly and quick.  Everything we ordered was great.  The grits and the sausage gravy and biscuits were the highlight.  I noticed that Daisy Dukes has several locations,  I expect that the others would be just as good.We sat at the counter and were waited on by Sara who was great- super friendly and attentive. We started with mozzarella sticks (5 for $7) which were cooked nicely, but were served with refrigerator-cold marinara sauce (meh). We ordered the oyster po boy and the Cajun Philly cheese, both with a side of Cajun fries. The fries were room temperature and the Cajun seasoning seemed to have been sprinkled on, rather than the fries being tossed in the seasoning, so not every fry was coated. The oyster po boy had a strong fishy smell but tasted okay. The Philly cheese was dry. This place is good if you're looking for a quick bite or just a cocktail, but with so many other great places to dine at in the city, I would pass on coming here.This place serves a great breakfast and lunch. Have not tried dinner there. Extremely good value as far as the quality of the food and the huge portions. Service was very friendly and prompt as well. Way above our expectations on both a breakfast and lunch visit during the same trip to New Orleans.Stopped in three times to Daisy Dukes, not because I/we loved their food, mostly because it was open and we were hungry.  In fact I was impressed by anything I ate here.  The first time was lunch, it came recommended by a bellman.  I ordered the gator platter, i was expecting gator meat, i got some sort of sausage and indigestion for the rest of the day.  It wasn't terrible but it was not what i was expecting.  Some other complaints at the table as well, not liking the food.  Our waitress took our order and never showed up again, the music was coming on then going off every 2 minutes, and they were mopping the floor right next to our table as we ate.  The second stop was a super late night/early morning starving after drinking meal.  I had wings, they were mediocre, but Val our waitress was awesome, a real character, someone you don't forget.  Another similar stop a night or two later, Val took care of us, had wings...meh.  Late night food stop, yes.  Any other time?  I wouldn't.Great for a quick breakfast, but still tasty. Comparable to a diner, but doesn't look like one... we waited for about 10 minutes to get in. There usually is a line on Sundays, the service was super friendly and the food was out super quick.The food is good, classic and quick.  Our waitress was annoying, if I hear "ladies first" one more time I might scream.  Every time she came to the table, it's fine I'm a lady I get it but let me just speak, I don't need to be told when to do so.  Her constant sliding a 2 top next to ours and back a hundred times was annoying too.  Basically decent food but annoying service.This Daisy Duke experience much better than our experience 30 minutes ago on Chatres. We were greeted and seated immediately. Our server, Michelle, was great and attentive. Our food came out quickly and correct. This made up complicit the previous experience.Daisy Dukes, what a name. I went here with two co-workers. They weren't sure what kind of place I was taking them to. Well, Great Food, Great Service, and a cool place to hang out. I had Breakfast, plain and simple. Eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and toast. My friends had some of the cajun fare. Everybody left fat and happy!Great breakfast a few blocks from our hotel.  Very friendly staff, especially Monsur, who made us feel so welcome!  We like to sit at the bar so we can talk to people and the customers were very friendly too!  Great drinks, 24/7!  Didn't get a chance to try anything other than breakfast and drinks, but will next time we're there!  And hope to get a Daisy Dukes shirt too!  Thank you, Monsur, for the great food and making us feel so welcome!  I'll be back!The food was good, the duke sauce was the bomb though! Highly recommend it. The only reason for four stars was that the table was wiped off with a nasty stinking rag that made the table smell like a sewer.Half of the party I came to New Orleans came here around 3am after a night of drinking to get something to soak up the alcohol. We all got pancakes. It may have been the alcohol, but they were possibly some of the best pancakes I've ever had. The place was pretty dingy but any joint open at 3am is going to be, so it's not really a big deal. Also, our waitress was in drag. We didn't care, but if you'd do id avoid this place- maybe New Orleans too...
Basically, if you're looking for some good food in the middle of the night near the Pere Marquette or JW, this is your place.Daisy Dukes Express was across the street from our hotel, so we stopped for breakfast one morning.  It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good enough to make us go back. Sounds like it's pretty hit or miss.Seriously love this place. Never had a bad experience here. Our waiter, Jeremy, was an absolute de-light!!! Loved him and the his vibe which made the experience even better. The wings, hamburgers, and the omelettes ..... oh, and the Bloody Mary are so de-lici-ous!!! Ever want something , no matter the time of day, need to come by here.We stopped at this place for a late dinner on the 8th of December. The menu seemed to have a lot of choices and several of them were the typical Cajun dishes so that was the main driving force that attracted me to this place. I ordered shrimp po' boy for $13.5. The sandwich was huge and I had to cut it in three sections to eat it. The shrimp were decent and slightly spicy. All in all I did not find the po' boy so legendary. Part of it could have been the fact we were annoyed by some idiot in his late 40s next to our table who had a ridiculously annoying laughter which went on about 3 times a minute for a good 20-30 minutes. When the clown left I started to enjoy my po' boy. I eventually paid the bill, walked in the streets of the city happy I did not have to be annoyed by the idiot for the rest of my life (I hope at least).I had the blackened alligator, yum. Sauces were tasty and the whole meal was great. Seated and waited on promptly, friendly service. I'd come back again for another visit.Don't let the name throw you off!
We were hesitant to go here to eat because of the name, even though it was a hop, and a skip from where we stayed in NOLA. Decided to go here for a late night dinner one night (I think it was around 10 or 11PM) BECAUSE it was a hop and a skip. Our waitress, Val, was super-friendly, just the right amount of attentive.  The food came quickly and was excellent (I had the gyro with fries), the ambiance was perfect; lots of people but not obnoxiously busy, and no one (that I know of) was overly drunk (yet lol) and obnoxious. 
The prices are extremely fair.  Came here at 6 AM after a night out in the Quarter for breakfast, and got their 3.99 breakfast special (TOTALLY worth it, especially considering breakfast is served 24/7), which was also excellent.  Didn't have our pal Val this time but this waitress was also quite friendly and again had just the right amount of attentiveness, even though it was towards the end of her shift.  
Carondelet is literally across the way from Bourbon St; if you're walking on Bourbon towards Canal, once you cross over Canal St, it becomes Carondelet, so it's within stumbling distance from Bourbon St.
I would absolutely recommend Daisy Dukes Express if you're in that neck of the woods.Ate here on a Saturday morning.  Food was good, staff was very friendly and prices were reasonable.  I would recommend!Cheeseburger is delicious and the wings have a good taste. It's pouring down here so the delivery service was greatly appreciated. I'm keeping them on the list for my next visitI really like this place. It was suggested by one of the locals at my hotel and I'm glad they did. It's a homestyle cafe and the prices are pretty cheap for the area. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it's really good. I've pretty much made this place my regular breakfast spot while in town. They have a$2.99 special if you come in before 8am and they have BOGO bloody mary and mimosas. I've gotten the same server everytime I've come in, Kristy, and she's really cool. She takes care of you so you can get in and out. The shrimp and grits entree is just right and portions are good also. I know there are several locations in close proximity to one another, but this location seems to have it together.Visited twice on my trip to Nee Orleans. Had the Seafood Omelette and Grits the first time and Chicken Fingers the other time. Loved those items as well as the 2 for 1 Mimosa's!! Food was really good and only deducted a star because of the waitress on our second trip. She seemed to annoyed at the requests of the large party I was with. There was also an issue with splitting our bill. Otherwise great little spot with great food!About to do damichhh on this 1/2 shrimp po boy and gumbo combo. DND  #NSN2k18 #Allstate #ChicagoGood food, cheap, friendly and fast service, and a nice location. Delicious omeletts and gyro sausage! Authentic creole options as well.Good for a quick meal! Plenty of food on the menu to choose from.We got good service, some tips for checking out some local stuff if we got the chance, and a nice welcome to the city for us first time tourists from Justin. We liked the food and the prices so much that once we figured out our nearby event would take up so much of our time, we went back another day to try the stuff we almost got the first time. Sorry we didn't get the other guy's name on our second visit, he was good to us too.I had the shrimp and grits. It was very nice. The best I have had so far. Our waitress was very nice. We went early on in the day about 6 on a Friday night. It wasn't very crowded but heard that it can get very crowded. We went because of the reviews on Yelp.Recommended to me was this excellent hole in the wall restaurant. If you're looking for something more casual and local than the big fancy pants places around, this is it. I can recommend the fried oysters and fried catfish, for sure.  I hear the breakfast is amazing, and they serve 24 hours.Great gyros, red beans and rice, and shrimp po-boys.  Just across Canal from Bourbon St.  Will go here again when we visit NOLA.So im on this semi health kicknright now and im in new orleans and its nearly impossible to find a semi healthy meal and still taste good.  After scouring around menus from reataurant to restaurant i found a greek ceasar salad with grilled chicken at daisy dukes express.  It was f-ing great!  I will back here a few more nighte before i leave.  Justin was a great waiter with great suggestionsGreat Food! Good Vibes! Reasonable prices! Jerrod was so nice and friendly. Love this place. Cajun philly an shrimp po boy are unbelievably delicious.The waitress who greeted us was very friendly (couldn't tell where she was from based off of her accent), but the good points stop there. My dad ordered a breakfast combo to go and was charged for bacon but didn't get it. The bacon was the part he was looking forward to the most! Unfortunately, we didn't notice the error until we'd already gotten back to our hotel room.
The hash browns were flavorless and soggy, and adding salt didn't help. They needed to be drenched in ketchup. At least the eggs were runny, which is how I like them, but I'm not sure if that's how my dad ordered them.as a self proclaimed connoisseur of Bloody Mary's I highly recommend waking up with a hangover hitting the hair of the dog with the spicy deliciousness. Awesome bloody hell awesome.We met Monsur (spelling?), the manager(?), next door at Gallier's, so we went to Daisy Dukes Express the next day as it was close to our hotel. Biscuits and pancakes are light, fluffy, and delicious!!! Mimosas are yummy and generously sized. Servers and bartenders are caring and efficient. We stopped by another time for a night cap, and the bartender made her own creation, a VIP, for me. Tasty! I'll definitely return next time I'm in New Orleans. This place is open 24/7 for food and drinks. Its location, across Canal from the French Quarter, makes it a great place to start or end your day!A fantastic atmosphere with very friendly wait staff. The spicy gumbo Is must try, the wife had rice and beans which was just as enjoyable.  The kids had chicken basket and the daisy hamburger which came with spicy fries to die for.   Would absolutely go there again. Thanks againWe came in early for the breakfast special. It was pretty decent. The service was pretty good, and people were friendly. The food was not bad, except that the bacon is so thin that it's translucent. I got four pieces, but they were pretty pathetic. The sausage was legit, though. The restrooms looked like they were built by drunken monkeys and smelled like the apocalypse. I'm not sure who their electrician was, but this place has some serious fire hazards. The picture below is from the inside of our booth. I guess they don't have code inspections in NOLA? Wow. Can I tag the local permitting office in this review?Can't complain! Cheap, quick, and tasty food! They also serve very large portions so be sure to visit on an empty stomach!This is my first time visiting but I will be back.  The service was prompt,  the food was delicuous and hot  when it was delivered. My server, Nahnah, was alert  and professional.We came in for a quick bite because we saw the good reviews. We were highly disappointed. The two stars are for the chicken wings we ordered. They were just okay. But the service was horrible! I would definitely not recommend this place.LOVEEEEE LOVEEE LOVEEEE!!!! The owner Sam is soooo sweet and caring... And love the severs Val and Mickie!! Omg they're great! You can go to daisy Dukes at any time for almost anything at a great price! I love their chili cheese fries my absolute favorite!!!!You don't go here for fine dining. You go here because you're hungry & you want good cajun/creole food without the fuss. It's right outside the FQ, just across Canal & Bourbon. Servers are nice. A very local almost hole in the wall type place. The Gumbo might be THE BEST in town. Spicy, flavorful & filled with good stuff. I had the gumbo at Antoine's & this was way better. Jambalaya is "dirty" goodness. Red Beans & Rice were very tasty. I love it here. It gets a bit crazy later in the night when the young & drunk are hungry.Far from express at night. Malik was my server and a pretty good guy. No complaints from the service but the food was awful. I never had fries that tasted bad. The fries tasted dull, no flavor just like pieces of dull wood chips or something. The night of my stay I went here because I did not have anything to eat all day. I had the wings which were actually pretty good which is why I did not rate this place a one star. The server, Malik, recommended the Philly cheese steak sandwich. Mental note, if your not in Philly do not try the Philly cheese steak. When in Rome eat like the Romans I always say but went with his suggestion and it was pretty bad. 
Decor - 2 of 5
Service - 3 of 5
Food - 2 of 5I was debating between 3 and 4 stars, and finally settled on 4.
The inside lm looks a lot better than the outside and the food is better than most places nearby at the price. I had the alligator sausage, which was quite tasty - like a lean kielbasa. The fried green tomatoes were just OK and the buttermilk biscuit was very good. I also had a cup of gumbo, which I felt was little better than average, especially for the price.
Service was slow, but the wait staff was friendly. And the interior was clean and well kempt. I may just go back to try their softshell crab po-boy.wanted a late night breakfast. received a recommendation to try Daisy. it was a great experience.  the service was fast as well as  the food. the server was nice, friendly, and professional. I would recommend this to all my friends visiting new Orleans. keep doing your thing guys.Hey, I'm not a local, but I loved that this place had a good, "Veggie" Po-Boy at a good price.  The bun was what I expected, and the insides were even better.  They call it the "Veggie Boy," and it is the usual bun, lettuce and tomato Po-Boy, but the filling is a mixture of mushrooms, green pepper, onion, and squash in a tomato-based sauce kind of like a thick pasta sauce.  The sandwich was served up quickly, and I knew I could got get one any time I wanted, 24/7, seven days a week.  
My only complaint with Daisy Dukes was that I opted for the fries when she said, "You want fries with that," and it cost me $2.25 for about a half a handful of fries.  The fries addition was not a good value.  The sandwich at $9.00 was.  Even though the fries were good, and cooked to perfection, they were overpriced even at a place like that.  
I am a Daisy Duke on Carondolet fan, but will skip the fries.Food was great but the service was horrible. We had no idea who our waitress was. When we tried to get drinks from some guy from Brooklyn, he would just make smart ass comments and never get them. Probably one of the worst waiters I've ever experience. The only person who was even working was the bartender. Everyone else just sat in the back ignoring customers. 
Overall the shrimp basket was good but not worth having to deal with terrible service.Very efficient waitress and better-than-average diner food, with food served 24x7, plus a full bar, makes this a great combo. 
When other nearby lunch places close at 2:00, this place was a lifesaver.If I could give negative stars, I would. 
First, the waitress came in from her smoke break and did not wash her hands. The owner was on the phone in the window the whole time we were there. We ordered wings and the philly chicken. The wings were TERRIBLE. I think the worst wings I've ever had. The philly chicken was actually pretty good. However, the philly chicken came out 10 minutes after the wings. The server NEVER came back to check on us. Next thing we know, we see her with her backpack on like she's leaving. We asked another server for our bill.Came to New Orleans to enjoy the weekend.  Found Daisy Dukes Express by walking by.  Came everyday on my trip. Food great everyday and servers worked fast on each visit. 
Definitely will come on my next trip to New Orleans.The food is good and the service is friendly. We came for a huge conference so they need more room and serviceOrder arrived later than eta given, food was soggy and chili cheese fries were dumped on top of burger with foil stuck to everything. Gumbo upside down. Bad delivery experience!!Wings are dank but got food delivered and my bacon cheeseburger didn't come with cheese and the "Cajun fries" are indeed not Cajun by any means. Maybe it's more of a dine in restaurant?This place embodies the culture of New Orleans! The food and drinks are so terrific and special that you won't find in every restaurant . Also the service is impeccable with no wait to be seated. Guarantee to visit it every year when I visit NOWe stated at the cotton exchange about a block down. They deliver to the to hotel. Which was nice. W had the burgers, breakfast, alligator PO boy, fried green tomatoes..everything was tasty. This is our third time back in 6 days.Had a great Gyro here at a reasonable price.  This is a hole in the wall, kind of like a college bar/restaurant along a dirty street with questionable bathrooms.  You wouldn't even think to go in unless someone told you to.  On the plus side they are open 24 hours and when I got into town at 2 am, my hotel sent me there for dinner.Food and Coffe were fantastic. Made this our spot while in town. I had the veggie omelet, pancakes and Greek omelet while staying in town and all were great. Service was pretty good too. Will return to Daisy Dukes when I return to New Orleans!I wasn't all that impresses about the dish I had. Today I tried the alligator sausage Po boy and a cup a gumbo. This was my first time trying a Po boy and either alligator sausage isn't for me or alligator doesn't go on a Po boy, but I'm not going to say it was nasty because it wasn't I just didn't care for the way it tasted. As for the gumbo it was mediocre also wasn't nasty but I just wasn't impressed with the flavor.
The atmosphere is family friendly they played nice music and it wasn't crowded or a long wait time. The waitress we had was nice but she didn't come back to check on us until it was time to give us the ticket to pay.Great service, blackened cat fish and Breakfast available 24x7 and all breakfast menu tastes really good.The food was okay but it was annoying to not have the option  of splitting the check. Although I knew this going in. Went on a friends recommendation.Awesome food ,the delivery guy was super freaky fast and delivered our food right to our room and the food was so good will defiantly eat here againIt is what it is.. a 24-hour joint with cheap junk food to coat a liquored stomach.  Stumbled here on a Tuesday night and had great service and loved the wings with Dukes sauce (don't get the lemon pepper).  Decent portions and open a lot later than the fast food around.The meal was exquisite, especially he shrimp and grits. They handled our big group easily and our servers, Alice and Erica, were very helpful and made our experience an awesome one. The owner, Mensur, also greeted us and made us feel welcome. It's open 24 hours, so we'll be back.My friends & I lived here for several days...
Whether at 5 am or 9 pm....
Everything is good.
Buy 1 bloody mary, get the second to go - FOR FREE!!
Bottomless Mimosa's...  
The Cajun Omlette is terrific.
Very friendly service.
They really do a good job here.
Don't pay attention to the other bad reviews, it really is good.My experience was pretty bad here, first I asked if they carried sweet and low because our sugar container only had Splenda in it, the waitress told me they did not so I ordered a sweet tea, well the second she left I looked at the other tables and sure enough sweet and low for days. She could have been a little more accommodating. When she brought the sweet tea back, it was so sweet I feel that I instantly could have been diagnosed with diabetes. Me and my friend sent them back and she asked for a water and I asked for an unsweetened ice tea. I then had to apologetically ask the table next to me if I could steal a sweet and low from them. When the waitress finally came back she brought me a water! Then when I went to order I asked for a plain omelette with no cheese and she had this surprised look on her face and said "what? No cheese" I then felt weird and pressured so I ordered onions with it as well but the dumbfounded look on her face was incredibly judgmental. When the food came I realized we had no silverware so I had to wait another five minutes for her to come back with that. The food was not bad, my omelette was good just incredibly greasy. Then when the check came I asked the waitress the break my 20 and she said she was sorry but she only had two tens and no other change. I'm confused because I'm pretty sure there's a register in the restaurant somewhere with more change in it. Overall I would not eat here ever again.Really good breakfast and location! Went really early in the morning for greasy diner food and it was perfect.The shrimp & Grits made me  sick, I definitely had better. Mimosa are good in nice sized. The hurricane was awesome. Service was good & fastMeh...had the shrimp and grits and was very soupy! My aunt got the pancake and wasn't too thrilled. I had a side of hash browns and they were cold and hard. Mimosas were not worth it!Great place to place a delivery order!!! I was at a private party @ JAX and the kitchen closed so I called Daisy Ducks @ 1:30am and they brought 50 wings in no time flat!!!  I would suggest looking at there menu before you call because they sound pretty busy.We came here for breakfast and it was great! Buy one get one free mimosas and Bloody Mary was a plus. Tried Alligator sausage there and I'm in love! My mom loved so much she went again on her own.Place was suggested by a coworker who lives in the area, I Stopped in for lunch and had an iced tea and catfish po-boy special with the gumbo.  The fish was excellent and large. Probably my only real gripe was the bread was a bit old, if it was fresher or toasted with butter it would have just right.  The portion was decent sized.  Service was friendly. Was hoping for a homemade dessert since the food was so good, but they only had cheesecake and apple pie. 4 stars for the bread and lack of more robust menu - desserts. Also I like to leave room for improvement!
 Overall the good food and great price ($10 total) will bring me back many more times.  I think I will try the main shop next time - for beer and crawfish!very good food. large portions.  reasonable prices.   I had the red and and rice.  My wife had fried shrimp.  both came out quickly and were piping hot.  server was friendly.  quaint little "hole in the wall " type place.My food took over an hour to arrive. And it was cold.
ex·press
ikspres/Submit
adjective
adjective: express
1.
operating at high speed, in particular.
I ordered two burgers (one with fries), a chicken finger meal (w/ remoulade), & a pizza. It was about $51 ($56 w/ tip). One burger didn't have the bacon I ordered on it, I thankfully wasn't charged. The chicken finger meal had three pieces and no remoulade. I paid $10 for three pieces of chicken w/ no dipping sauce. The pizza and one of the burgers was correct (still cold). I called to complain & I really hate to complain, but I paid a hefty sum for a bum order. This isn't the first time I've been burned by this place. I once ordered a very undercooked chicken sandwich, but I figured all restaurants have their bad nights. I am severely dissapointed and I won't be ordering from this establishment again.I had breakfast at Daisy Dukes today. My server was great. Thanks Sarah. I will be backI thought all things food was supposed to be good after a few drinks. Well, Daisy Dukes didn't stand up to that theory. A group of 11 of us walked in around 3:30 am. 
The positives: 
-We were seated after a couple of minutes. 
-The food was served about 15 minutes after we ordered and our meals were hot. 
The food: I ordered the egg white seafood omelette with grits and a biscuit. My husband ordered the ribeye with grits and a biscuit. Both of us had a taste for pancakes, so we ordered a kids pancake to share. 
-The seafood omelette was dry. I asked the waitress for some salsa, sour cream or anything she could bring. She just simply replied we don't have that and walked off. Well, at least I still have pancakes to eat, right? Wrong!!! I wouldn't give these pancakes away! If I knew how baked rubber tires tasted, that's how I would describe the flavor. They were light and fluffy, but they had absolutely no pancake flavor. So all I was left to eat were my grits and the biscuit. The grits were creamy and the biscuit was soft and flaky at the same time, but I should have ordered a biscuit sandwich b/c it wasn't that good by itself. 
-I asked my husband how was his ribeye and his exact words were, "It was subpar and lacked flavor other than the beef itself." 
Out of 11 of us, only two people enjoyed their meal, the person who ordered a shrimp basket and the person who ordered shrimp and grits. I couldn't enjoy the food tipsy, so I know I won't return.Still the perfect po boy sandwich after a night drinking. You can order a half sandwich with a cup of gumbo. 
I got the fried catfish and it was fried just perfectly. Had just enough lettuce and tomatoes. Bread was perfect for a poboy.This was our first stop in New Orleans, we picked up some food to go - so didn't see any sanitary issues from previous reviewers. 
I thought the food was good, but a little on the pricey side for po boys... 
The upside: 24-7 delivery~!!!Came into this place in late afternoon after a rough morning and was very well taken care of by staff member Tiffany! Service was quick and she provided good conversation. She made coming to Daisy Dukes feel like visiting an old friend. Will definitely be coming back for the food and good service.You had me at breakfast! Great restaurant serving all day breakfast. In the afternoon and evenings, you can get burgers, salad, gumbo, etc. this is a great location from the hotel and a block from canal and bourbon st.I called to place an order about 1230 was advised that it would be 30-45 mins for delivery. Received a call at 1 advising I would have to come and pick up my meal due to the Essence events. I informed the worker that wasn't my problem, I requested delivery for a reasons, so he said he would send out his driver in 15-20 mins. It is now 230am and NO FOOD! I wouldn't order from this company at all!The gyro and the drinks were rolling. Pretty quick and a fair meal and cheap. Clean place,  and minimal drama... definitely a good late night spot to grab something quick.I don't know how we ended up there but we weren't disappointed. This could have been 5 stars but the two problems were the "no split checks" policy and the chili on the chili cheese fries. The "no split check" was annoying because there were 4 parties at one table and in the age of debit cards and being the only man, I ended up paying for all 11 of us. The food was really good. I had the filet philly-cheese and it was great! Everyone loved their meals and my wife's red beans and rice was better than most. I ordered some chili-cheese fries as a starter and the chili had almost no seasoning but the portion was almost absurdly huge. That said, 3/4 of it was left on the table. The service was very good.Perfect place to grab breakfast to cure a hangover. Did not have a long wait and our waitress was awesome. Food came out quick and was delicious. Grits and bacon hit the spot.over priced, and awful.  i was a charged both a service charge and a delivery charge.  i was told my shrimp po'boy would be dressed on the side. it wasn't.  it also only had 8 shrimp on it.  and diced tomatoes.  who puts diced tomatoes on a po' boy? unheard of.  was led to believe fries or onion rings came with my po'boy.  they don't.  there's an up charge.  I've lived here 12 years, and it was hands down the worst shrimp po'boy I've ever been subjected too.  really bad.  better you walk across town to the riverbend area and go to cooter browns. or parkway in mid city.  or yangs.  basically any other place.  don't even get me started on the onion rings. boo daisy dukes.  boooooooo.We loved it! Cute atmosphere, amazing food! We were sorry we didn't find it sooner as it was right across the street from our hotel. Ryan had the alligator omelette and I had the seafood omelette. Both delicious and highly recommend!!I came here "by accident" while I was looking for another place and am glad I ended up here.
Since I was starving after being on tourist tours all day I was glad when my food came out quickly. I had cajun fries and a salad and couldn't eat it all, cause it was a lot- but really good!
Traveling by myself I was happy when the waiter asked me where I was from and started a conversation with me. 
Justin gave me plenty recommendations about New Orleans and Justin is an upbeat and professional waiter.
P.s: Their Veggie Omelette with hash browns is delicious!Are you kidding me?! 2 for 1 Bloody Marys! They won my heart over with that one right of the bat. Its right outside the French Quarter. I don't eat IN the French Quarter. Thats mostly tourist food. We arrived at like 2 AM. There were lots of people there. We had all kinds of seafood that night. Drunk seafood is the best!A friend and I came here for a Sunday morning breakfast. She had an omelette with bacon and hash browns.  I had the early morning breakfast- eggs and sausage. The sausage was of the frozen patty variety but it was edible. Service was a bit slow but the food came out relatively quickly. Paying... now that's another speed issue. In fact, as I've been sitting here, I lowered the rating because we need to pay our bill and our server is missing.Had dinner here on 4/7 and it was traditional New Orleans food. Definitely had that cafe feeling nothing fancy just good southern hospitality and food. Would absolutely go again. Its off the French Quarter so a more relaxed atmosphere. Service was quick and food very good, the prices were very reasonable. Had great jambalaya and  Po boy sandwiches.I thought of giving this location a try since been to Chartres several times and man, it worked out. Nothing against the other one but this locale is larger and not divey at all.. Waiter/server Justin made the experience fantastic - great friendly personality with a smile, not pushy and thanks to his recommendations (crabcake appetizer and NOLA sampler plate plus the 2-1 mimosos), we scrarfed everything up - except for a few crumbs. I have to confess I was debating whether to give it an almighty 5 but the final tab $$ was the negative one star. Yes I would come back here.At any hour when in the CBD of NOLA, I can have great food! Like my fav pizza with crawfish, Italian sausage, jalapeños, extra cheese & marinara - Delicious ~ great breakfast as well!Got the special wroth a blackened alligator sausage poboy, and gumbo.  $8.95 is s great deal,  the poboy and sausage were amazing,  the gumbo was among the best I've had.  Awesome!Walking around looking for somewhere to get out of the cold we found this place. When we walked in there was no hostess, so when we walked towards seats it was like the woke up and wanted to assist us. So we were advised we could sit anywhere, we preferred the back due to the cold doors upfront. We sat for like 10mins and we got offered water. Then our orders were taken. I ordered a cup of gumbo. My buddy got a bowl of gumbo & fried green tomatoes. The waiter was kind of weird acting. 
The food came out shortly. I really couldn't distinguish the meats in the gumbo. It appeared to have shrimp, chicken, & pork included but I'm not certain.... It was just ok. Service was awkwardly just ok. They are a 24/7 open establishment so I would go back and recommend for that reason only.Consistency. This place has none. From service to food, its the type of place where you have a general idea of what to expect. 
In general, its cleanish, with adequate service and food.  To be fair, I have not had their breakfast and I have been here twice. The first time it was a solid 3 star experience, no real issues, just some underdone fries in an otherwise tasty meal. I had a cheese burger, and it was some kind of premade patty like you get at a cafeteria. The veggies were fresh, and the service was great.My husband had a cheese steak that wasn't too bad.   
The second time, we waited 17 minutes for service in a restaurant with only two other tables. We were simply ignored, other than our tea being plunked down and sloshed on the table. The time sitting gave me plenty of time to notice how damp it was, the food crumbs, the lack of ice in the tea, and the stains on the sweetener packets. 
This place isn't fabulous, but it isn't terrible provided you get the right server.Had a great time... my first po'boy ever and it did not disappoint. Alligator sausage was excellent, just a perfect crisp outer shell on the French bread. Very good service especially from Sara our server but really a good team working here.Absolutely delicious & fast service. Everyone has always been very kind and accommodating there. PLus, buy one get one free Hurricanes?  YES PLEAE!Bloody Mary's were great, love a take home cup. Sausage gravy and biscuits we perfect. No wait for breakfast, fast and friendly service.I am a big Shrimp Po'boy fan and I needed to try one more before I left New Orleans. We walked past this location plenty of times and the line was always out of the door. Even the other locations we went by too. So I got the Shrimp Po'boy and the gumbo (please be aware if your order online you have to specify if you want the remoulade sauce on it because mines didn't come with it) This po'boy hit the spot on so many levels. The gumbo was good as well. I literally started drizzling the gumbo on the Po'boy because the flavors went together perfectly. The seasonings were on point and the portions they served were great. I ended up eating this in 2 sittings because it was so much food. I will definitely be back to this establishment and look forward to eating a different dish.Best thing to eat when you've been out drinking. Is bacon egg sausage and cheese on toast w jelly can we say it was amazing the waiter was great as well will definitely be back.Food was great and staff was very friendly!
We were here as a spur of the moment thing and we were pleased surprised.I'm a fan of any restaurant whenever I can't combine different items on the menu into a full meal just for a small charge! :) I wasn't being picky but I wanted a little something of everything. Mimosas were buy one get one free -- therefore brunch was a vibe! :)Being from out of of own, we didn't know what to expect from the typical Louisiana food. We're were on a budget, and most other places were closed, but Daisy dukes turned out great. 
Prices were fair, jambalaya was ridiculously tasty, and the Cajun spice that they put on the fried catfish was awesome.Friend ordered the gator po boy thing. That was a fail. But it came with red beans and rice side. That actually exceeded expectations. I'd go back and eat that again. 
Otherwise....eh. Unless someone is about to faint from hunger go somewhere else.I give this place 3 stars because the food was slammin. We sat down to a dirty table and waited forever for service. Meanwhile people are sitting around us their tables are being cleared and offered drinks right away. I was actually walking out when we were finally acknowledged. Not cool, but again the food was very good.Man, where do I start with Daisy Dukes? This place exceeded all my expectations. Granted, they were low when I walked in but I genuinely was blown away that a place like this exists. 
To sum it up, think Waffle House but with a bar. That sounds amazing, right?
A friend and I were looking for a cheap quick bite. The sign outside advertised diner food so we walked in. We were greeted and seated by Sarah who was also our waitress. She was awesome. She pronounced my name correctly from reading it off my card. Hardly no one gets that correct.
I ordered a breakfast that consisted of pancakes, scrambled eggs, hash browns and sausage. Since there is a bar, I paired my meal with a rum and coke (with lime of course). I opted for the well rum because why the heck not? I was pleasantly surprised at the smoothness and drink ability of the well rum. 
The pancakes were fluffy and had that griddled crisp I like around the edges of the cakes. The eggs were scrambled perfectly and I had no complaints with the sausage and hansbrowns.
Overall, if I was in New Orleans again and wanted some diner fare, I'd totally go back to Daisy Dukes.Stopped in on my way out from jazzfest.  Super nice staff (Katy). Got the lunch special with alligator sausage and gumbo (made from scratch).  Totally hit the spot with BOGO bloody Mary's.  Awesome open air seating on a beautiful day.It was decent for some reasonably priced barfood. We ordered Spicy Garlic Wings, pizza, and a gyro. The service was mediocre. Staff was boring.This place was terrible. My boyfriend and I took my mom and mother in law to eat breakfast, none of us touched the food after one bite. The eggs taste like powder. We were told the grits had to come with cheese. The biscuits were cold. The bowls that held the jelly, butter, and coffee creamer were sticky and most of the packets were opened and tampered with. This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.The best po boy EVER!!! I had the alligator sausage and red beans and I was in HEAVEN. This place is very reasonably priced, super quick and friendly, and amazing food. I wish I would've eaten here more during my trip - open 24/7, delivery and take out? Score! Next time I will have to try the breakfast :)I had shrimp Po-boy and Catfish Po-boy with chili fires and cajun fries. Don't even think about ordering the cajun fries. I couldn't find anything special about the cajun spice. Sandwiches were really good and fresh. Chili fries was good too. The service was great. The server was so nice and fun to talk to. However, the place lacked the cleanliness that I would be happy to see. Also this place had lots of people coming inside to talk to managers or waiters and waitresses and leave. It was just weird to see people standing in the middle of the restaurant.This place is SHAMAZING !! The portions are huge and the taste even better!! I had a burger and had to split it with my hubby because it literally was colossal !! My son had the chicken Philly and that too was huge!!! Great place , I would def eat here again !!Sticky table. Slow service. Undercooked eggs. Burned tasting hash browns. Weak coffee. Never going back.  Waitress was friendly but glacial.I got the brunch burger with Cajun fries, and I have zero regrets. I asked for my egg not to have runny yolk because I'm a messy eater, but this sandwich with yolk oozing may be a religious experience for those that have them. Christie was our server and she was amazing, she had a great sense of humor and was incredibly personable. This is my first time in New Orleans and I will definitely make this a stop on my next trip! And ask for the Duke sauce, it elevates the Cajun fries experience like you wouldn't believe. I am a happy camper.My sister and I stopped in to grab some pub grub to go. Justin set us up with a couple bloodies in short order and made the ordering experience an absolute pleasure. The food was excellent as well. This will definitely be a regular stop on our annual visit from now on!We arrived at our room around 2 am and needed a quick bite. Daisy Dukes was the only restaurant open at the time so we figured it would do. Turned out they made me one of the best burgers I have ever had and the prices were great. I liked the vibe of this place. People walked in off of the street and seemed to know the workers quite well, made me feel welcomed. The space is limited but this didnt bother us since we were the only customers at the time. Will be back again.I had a seafood basket and it was delicious the only problem I had is that the price was higher than normal but I got over that because it was mardi gras time... overall great place to dine in..This was the worst food I had while in New Orleans. I mean it was really bad, I couldnt even finish it. I got the sampler plate and man the only thing good was the bread and fried green tomato.  Gumbo some weird taste in it.  Etoufee, same thing, red beans and rice were tolerable but their were huge chunks of sausage that could have at least been halved one more time. yeah no thanks yelp let me down on this a few other places in N.O.The worst delivery ever!!
We order a shrimp last night just after midnight... 9 small shrimp and cold fries, the delivery person was a tat'd up freak...
Do Not order from these guys!!!! 
BTW the Sandwich and fries was $18, wowThis is a great establishment. I work in the French Quarter, and I called to get delivery to where I work. The lady on the phone was so friendly and nice, she was great! I ordered, and she said it would be an hour. My food arrived in less than thirty minutes, hot and yummy! The Delivery man was super nice too, he brought the food into the store for me, and was just very personable. Everything and more was provided in the bag for me, from napkins to ketchup to jelly (I ordered off of their 24 hour breakfast menu) and so much more. I will be ordering from here more often now! The food was very good, and the price was reasonable as well. For pick me up foods and greasy spoon fans, this is a great place to get food!Dropped in for an afternoon appetizers of crab cakes and crawfish hush puppies. Also shared a small cup  of crawfish etoufee. The étouffée has a spicy kick so make sure you can handle spicy. Both the crab cakes and hush puppies were good but not great. 
Service was good and place was clean. Not a fancy place but not a dive. Would come back and try a main meal here.We went for breakfast. They do not have hash browns only grits. The eggs were cold. The server was nice. Overall the experience was lacking and I'd most likely not eat there again.Nice place to treat yourself at anytime of the day. They have awesome mixologist ~ custom made a topical drink for me.
Food was contenting.The food I ordered was a basic Early Bird Breakfast, but the service I received bumped my rating to 3 stars. I ate there early at around 7am, but my server was attentive and energetic. She was a great waitress and I enjoyed my time there!went for breakfast..pancakes were really good!! and the biscuits the best i had since i got here ..justin was great!Very good. Had the shrimp platter, soft shelled crab po-boy and kid's pizza (we think it came from Domimo's 2 doors down, but the 11 year old was happy). The staff was very nice and accommodating. I would go to again and recommend to a friend.Not good! A roach crawling up the wall was the first thing I saw. I rationalized this thinking that no place is perfect, so I stayed. We got breakfast that included swill for coffee and pancakes that were so tough, we literally had to use a knife to cut them. I won't be back.We stumbled across this location shortly after checking into our hotel. We were seated quickly and received good service during our visit. The food portions were huge and tasty.The food is subpar. It's decent for the price you pay. Service is mediocre. The hash browns are horrible. The biscuits are amazing though. If you're looking for a relaxed atmosphere with decent food prices in the heart of NOLA then this is the place for you.Tiffany and Mel are amazing!!! This place is perfect. The drinks are strong and the food is excellent. If you're hanging out in CBD this place is a MUST.The waiter seemed annoyed from the get go!  Food was ok and the waiter never checked with us to see if we needed more coffee or to just ask how everything was.  Not sure I'll go back there!!!My food was terrible along with the service but what the only thing that made my experience here decent was the table next to me . We both were experiencing poor service but tried to make the best of it.  We came here because it was near our hotel on late late night after a Halloween party.   I ordered the gumbo because what else do you eat while in Nawlins that should be good at any restaurant?  
We were seated and waited for ever for menus and water.  Out server finally can't over with menus and water.  We ordered. She wrote our order down ON HER HAND we waited a good minute for our food but we knew it was gonna be a wait because it's was Halloween night and this is a 24/7 establishment.  
Once we got our food I received salty  Luke warm gumbo with a cold biscuit.  Never saw our server until it was time for out check . I told the server about my food and she told me I should of mentioned it early. I explain I NEVER SAW HER after she delivered our food. Smh.  
Long story short don't go here if you actually want decent food.Quick service, friendly waitstaff. The menu is pretty good and reasonably priced. They're able to accommodate larger of me. Alligator poboy and esp the alligator omelet is worth a try.