We walked in off the street, thinking it looked right up our alley.  We paid $50 for two lunches including a BLT.  Both meals were nearly inedible and we ended up having to buy a second lunch elsewhere.Their CHICKEN FINGERS are the best... tender, crispy, and a little kick of spice. Perfect in my opinion!It was ok . The portions were big. They are pretty fast which is nice. The food though seemed not stale but bland maybe is the word, I had the cheesesteak and my friend ordered the wings once he saw mine he asked if we could share the wings were .....well they were just there. In a pinch if you want some food or food delivered and it's late and you don't wanna go out and or just call something for delivery then this  would be a definite recommendation. If your looking to actually go somewhere and have a great NOLA meal I would probably not recommend it.We had this delivered to our hotel from the downtown location on our first morning in the city. It was easier to call and place the order than do it through their online system. Plus the online menu is not as extensive as the main menu! It arrived about 20 minutes later and they were able to bring it directly to our door. They take cash only so be prepared.
The food itself was basic diner food, nothing special. Everyone in my group agreed that it is definitely one of those things you need to eat fresh, cold hash browns and eggs are not really appetizing. I got the egg and sausage biscuit sandwich and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was like 1 step above a McDonalds breakfast sandwich and I was certainly okay with that.
I don't think I would recommend delivery but would give it another shot in person.Oh my gosh, my husband and I just left from here and I can't say enough awesome things. We were seated as soon as we walked in, even with it being busy. AND SO MUCH GOOD FOOD, especially for the price. I got a mountain of hash browns(literally covered almost my entire plate) and they weren't greasy at all. It also comes with fruit, which was a surprise. I was sad because I desperately wanted to finish everything, but I also didn't want to go into a food coma. Husband got the plain Jane omelet with ham and bacon. The eggs were fresh and cooked perfectly, a lot of meat, and the grits were creamy and excellent he said. We'll DEFINITELY be back and will be taking advantage of the 24/7 delivery option.*update* my daughter who actually ate the red beans and rice ended up in the bathroom for a good chunk of the night 
Good Bloody Mary's and fried green tomatoes but that's about it. Probably the worse étouffée I've had(and my daughter felt the same). Sausage, red beans and rice was extremely chewy. It's Cajun fast food that's horrendous over priced!! Never going back.i see in their photos that they seem to prefer yelp so i am leaving my review here, but i will also likely review on my other preferred review site.
i have ordered delivery twice in the last two weeks and not only were the orders 100% correct (even the extra condiments i asked for) they arrived in a very timely manner.  the first was about 15 minutes, the second about 20.  each time they estimated 30 minutes, so i was quite impressed.
on both occasions, the person taking my order was polite and professional and seemed to really care about getting my order correct.  that is largely why i avoid delivery if possible; incorrect orders and it takes so long to get here.  not a problem with daisy dukes.
i ordered bbq wings and fries both times.  the second time i also included a pizza.  the wings and fries are definitely a winner.  the fries especially, with that light dusting of cajun seasoning along with the ranch they send, delicious!
i will be ordering again in the future and am glad to have a restaurant that i know i can count on.Had breakfast. It was quick serves but toast was cold, eggs had water in them & staff not friendly.I hope I'm commenting on the right location, pictures look like the same place. Asked a local recently where to go for a good breakfast. The said Daisy Duke's! It's a bit hidden but once we found it we were glad we did! Huge portions, we could have shared! We both got eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast for $7.95. Very good food. The staff were all very friendly and we actually ran into our waitress at Harrah's later that day! We returned the next morning as well. This time ordered a mimosa with breakfast and it was huge! They also play great music. Only downer is the bathroom was very old and dirty.First time in NOLA and stumbled into Daisy Dukes.  Best gumbo ever!
Tried gumbo in several places. Daisy Dukes was the best, hands down.Best place I have eaten in New Orleans! Best service ever. Food was ok but the service makes up for it! we walked in and were greeted by the server who got our drinks and order and never mentioned they were not open (delivery only for dinner) until we ordered. felt bad but he said he loves to serve. The pancakes were fluffy and great, red beans and rice was  awesome. open 24 hours for breakfast. Definitely going back!Carondolet location open 24/7 with plenty of booth seating. Just a block from Bourbon street on the other side of Canal, it's a great place to end the night or rally for another round of hand grenades and questionable decisions. Came in a group of 10 and were seated quickly. Service was friendly and no nonsense. Our drinks were kept filled and the waitress brought extra napkins without being asked. The chicken wings are a good go-to and come in 6 or so different flavors. I recommend the XXX if you like the burn, the other Hot flavor has more of a vinegar base. The lemon pepper is my personal favorite. Daisy's is also known for their biscuits which are huge, buttery, and are best enjoyed smothered in gravy. A nice way to satisfy that hankering for something rich and indulgent at 3AM. I've also ordered take-out many times in the past. The omelettes are large, stuffed to the brim with tasty ingredients of your choosing (I usually go with their seafood one). Their gumbo and jambalaya is decent and does well when you are in a pinch. Overall, a solid option to have in your back pocket at the end of the night when everything else is closed.I stayed two weeks in new Orleans and ate there about 5 or 6 times . Great place with affordable typical local food and nice service . Breakfast and food served 24/24Great breakfast for $5. Eggs, meat, toast or biscuit, grits or hash browns.  Coffee was good too. Service was Excellent.   Definitely go here for breakfast !!I was actually on my way to the grill next door but couldn't find where to enter, or see if they were open. Someone standing outside pointed to this place and said their breakfast is amazing. Im glad i listened because they were right. I ordered the Seafood Omlet... delicious! Good portions of shrimp and crawfish. The waitress was great as was the manager. Both went above and beyond to make it a good dining experience. I would definately recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.Exactly what it should be. Inexpensive. Quick. Nice servers. My Cajun omelette was excellent. The hash browns were good. The Bloody Mary seriously spicy in a good Cajun kind of way. Too bad there was no crawfish in it. 
Totally worth it to eat here.I ordered delivery from Daisy Dukes cafe , and lady on the phone , who took my order,  was very nice . I received my order in 15 mins , it was fresh and hot ! Just right amount of seasoning! My whole experience was great ! Definitely will order again.No go!! The food was a big disappointment. The grits was so bland I   put so much salt in them that I was afraid I would have a hypertensive episode and stroke! Who gets breakfast wrong! This place lacks flavorDaisy dukes was Inexpensive,fast,good service, it wasn't very fancy but would recommend.Good God, the food here was amazing! The BEST BREAKFAST ANYWHERE in the US!
Biscuits and Sausage gravy that melted in your mouth, I can't make it that good... Everything else is great, too!Went for breakfast, great for the price.
Hole in the wall, but good food.
Friendly staff.This place is just a regular place. Nothing special about it. The food is mediocre. The staff is nice and friendly. Just wasn't impressed with it. Plus the server forgot to bring one of our food items. Try it if you're in the area and give your own opinion.Got to NOLA on a late flight. This place delivers all night and to your hotel, so was a great find because we were starving. Food is fine, we got the fried seafood combo plate and wings. Batter was on the heavier side, but would probably be great after a late night out on the town after lots of cocktails. Wings were average, "hot" was not that hot for Louisiana. Overall though, a good option for late night eating.Excellent food, like the old pop and mom joints. Loved it! Recommend to friends and family.Had the pleasure of eating food from the take out/delivery. After traveling for 6 hr from Los Angeles to the great city of New Orleans  2:30 in the morning got hot delicious gumbo Thanks Daisy Dukes CafeWe stopped in for a quick drink. The Bloody Mary's are considered the number one in the city. We had a round, and they were very good. We passed on ordering food because the menu didn't look great and he reviews were up and down. Our waitress was very nice as well.Yummy breakfast and we were in early enough to get the early bird special! Bloody Mary was good too. We both got a big ol breakfast. Busicuit was delicious and the pancakes were some of the best I've had. Big and fluffy. Definitely a random last minute decision to go there and we were very happy that we did!24 hr delivery comes in handy. We ordered breakfast from Daisy Dukes Cafe. A breakfast sandwich that was above average. A cheese and ham omelet that was tasty. And an alligator omelet that was unique.Thank God for waking me up this Morning. However, we stopped in Daisy Dukes in the French Quarters for breakfast. What a mistake? According to the waiter the toast just fell on the floor will be back with new toast.  Waiting about 20 minutes and still no toast. Ms. Lisa saw us waiting and save the day.  I have had much much better breakfasts. The Daisy Burger looked good. Not sure how it taste. Thanks Ms. Lisa for everything.This place was conveniently located right across  our hotel.  They offer great breakfast deals for the early birds! I actually liked their breakfast  more than their lunch. They make some good pancakes, and the biscuits were good too. The lunch portions were huge that you have room  to save for later.  The best thing about this place is that they are open 24hrs! This place is small but we never had to wait for a table.
Our waitress was very nice and pleasant. Very upbeat,  and smiling all the time. We had such a good time we came back the following day.The food was okay. I tried the blacken alligator sausage but the advertised fried green tomatoes were out of season.Ordered delivery to my hotel in the area.  Good came super fast.  Was still hot.  Great great salad.  Try the chicken Philly!!!!!! It was awesome,  super tasty.Although the delivery seemed super slow (and we were staying 500ft away), I need to be more patient considering we ordered around 3am. My biscuits & gravy and fried green tomatoes were excellent! Hit the spot before my head hit the pillow. I apologize for anyone who saw my haughty and quick-tempered first review....I was just hangry. I'd definitely order again.Good service and nice 2 for 1 on bloody Mary's. Biscuits were delish!  Bacon was meh but I like mine burnt. Definitely worth a tryGreat for breakfast. Get there before 9 if possible to avoid the wait. Concerned about some of the other reviews.  But we had a great experience. We didn't have to wait but about 2 to 3 min for a table arouns 9:15 or so on a Friday AM. BTW - there are 2 in the area.I don't know about the rest of their menu, but I had the pizza with onions, mushrooms, and black olives. It was by far the BEST I have had anywhere! Best crust, melty awesome cheese, amazing. I wish we were staying in LA longer I would have eaten that again tonight! I am defiantly stopping here on the way back! The Caesar salad was awesome too, the lettuce could have been cut smaller but whatever. And the delivery was fast.Breakfast was just okI ordered an egg.omelette that I built myself and I was charged an additional $1 per item added...The omelette itself was $6.95 (cheese only)  my waitress never mentioned that my items added would be an additional dollar each and I ordered 5 additional items on that omelette. It was hot as hell in this place! They keep this place wide open with tables and chairs extending outside of the restaurant. (No ceiling fans be prepared to sweat) if I visit New Orleans again I will probably not come back.24/7 a plus.  One of the few places to grab something to eat when all the other restaurants are closed.   Service is hit and miss.  Two different experiences same night:  1st experience:  waited so long to get seated and hostess was too busy doing nothing and didn't even acknowlege people waiting.  In addition, sign to restroom door read "out of order" so we left.  2nd experience host immediately acknowledged us despite the number of people waiting, sign gone, gave host $20 as he sat us down which tells you there was a signifince in service.  Food average but slim pickings at 4 am!After spending the day and night on Bourbon, we grabbed some random quick sides (red beans and rice, jambalaya, etc) to close out the night.  Service / delivery was quick but the food was not great.  Might need to try them when it isn't the middle of the night.Great deal on early bird breakfast. Quick and polite service, but nothing to write home about. We came for a super cheap breakfast that could get the job done and we were happy walking out.I guess you can eat here. Food is passable.  But service is beyond mediocre. Waiters are easily confused. They have a 24 hour breakfast menu.  I ordered two scrambled eggs with hash browns and toast and pancakes. I barely got one egg served. Pancakes were a late arrival.I was very disappointed with this place after traveling all day and expecting to get a nice warm meal. Instead I got a long wait to get in and to get my flavorless food. I will probably never return. The chef clearly doesn't believe in salt. My hash browns weren't cooked properly, my seafood omelette had no flavor at all. I also had the house wings...other than being cold. The sweet tea is the only thing I can't complain about.I hate to give these guys such a low rating; they were prompt with our takeout and the other food they serve looks amazing... but why all the parmesan? And why must it be hidden in places it has no business being? Have a heart, folks... some people have allergies!
My friend and I got fried green tomato po' boys to go. Naturally I did not expect to find cheese in mine; I mean, who in their right mind would add it to fried green tomatoes? Was I ever wrong. The tomatoes were coated in the stuff. I scraped it off, removing most of the breading in the process, and I thought I was out of the woods... but then I noticed that the house-made sauce with which I'd just drenched the bread was full of it as well. Just.... why?  
Even apart from the cheese, the sandwich wasn't great. The roll had no crunch--hardly authentic for a po' boy.A Hour and 40 minutes for a delivery, for food that was ice cold and terrible. Don't waste your time or money.Fast, accurate delivery to the Ace in the business district! The wings were juicy and delicious, and the chicken finger portions are HUGE. Knocking it down a star because you can def get better po boys somewhere else.This place is awesome if your super drunk or hung over.
It was around midnight when we walked in to one of the few places that was still serving food.  We were quickly acknowledged by a server who was able to seat us immediately. Unfortunately, he did not seat us in his section. :-( He was very attentive and was able to anticipate his guest's needs/wants. Time passed, then we were finally greeted with a bubbly, yet overwhelmed and stressed out server. I sensed that she might have been new, seeing that she struggled at the POS system and noticed the number of "fires" she was trying to put out. (Not literal fires, just mistakes that she had to correct). Between the late night hour, number of guest and how many were intoxicated, I could see this being a stressful situation to someone that is new.  With that being said I'm not holding that against DD, but it slightly took away from the overall experience.  
We both got rail drinks, a shared the alligator po boy and gumbo. BIG mistake! We got a dripping with grease, skinny tenders with lettuce sprinkled on top placed. Surrounded in an oversized hot dog bun. I thought the bread could be used to dunk in the Gumbo. Then I realized she forgot the Gumbo. I wish I didn't say anything upon receiving. This was a cup of starchy re-burnt seafood gumbo. Re-burnt meaning it was burned, cooled, then re-cooked and the cooks burned it again.
Now on to the drinks.  WARNING: If you are sensitive to cheap liquor, do not, let me repeat, DO NOT get rail drinks. DD has to be using something cheaper than PoPov. It must be White Eagle or something. With that being said they make their drinks strong. One of the few saving graces.
I thought my partner and I were just being cranky considering how hungry we were after a long day. Flying in late afternoon on Sunday Feb. 26,2017. Then jumping into the Mardi Gras action, by standing in the cold watching the AMAZING parade. So, 2 days later we went back.  
We were seated at the same table as these two other gals. They mentioned we just missed the server that took over 20mins to greet them with water and was told to hold on since the server was not prepared or ready to take their order. They left, very upset and we quickly followed.  
When I go back to NOLA, I have no desire to go back to DD.I've ate here in the past and it has been amazing like 5 stars amazing. Easily some of the best brunch I have had. This time it wasn't quite up to par. This visit the Bloody Mary's were missing the crawfish garnish that they had when I visited a year ago. Although they were still tasty, it took away from the presentation. I realize it's getting late in the season. But overall it was good, we had a group of 11 and they accommodated us well. I ordered the Ribeye steak medium rare. It came out very rare so needless to say I opted to not get sick and just ate my sides. I'm not big on sending plates back. Biscuits and gravy looked great and their po boys looked awesome too.Great 24 he spot with traditional new orlenans fare, but a great breakfast too! Really superb pancakes, great unlimited bloody Mary deal, and New Orleans classics like gumbo and Po Boys. The line to get in moves quick so don't get discouraged.I can't come to N.O. And not stop here. Fast service and great food. Love this place.Just had breakfast and it was Terrible. Our Eggs Benedict had no taste, eggs we over cooked and the plates looked like the cook just threw food on it without caring about how it was presented. The grits even had lumps in it.... Really a place in New Orleans has lumps in Grits... I would not recommend Breakfast at ALL.Worst customer service I had here in New Orleans the waitress was just trying to rush us on our order. While waiting for the food I saw a roach crawling along the wall. One of the worker had to come and kill it and the waitress act like it was nothing. Wish I could remember what her name was but heavily accent with dark long hair. Food was not all that. We were just too tired to leave and walk even more to find a place but I wish we would've just left we barely ate the food and it was just a waste of money there!Excellent place to go have delicious food. I went for breakfast  and had the porkchop, delicious , wife had the seafood ommeltte.  5 stars .Being a Louisiana native I'm pretty tough on restaurants with the Cajun Flare.  I had the shrimp poboy and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was good, made with a roux base and andouille sausage.  The shrimp poboy was amazing one of the best I've had.  Loaded with good size shrimp.  Definitely a must when visiting the area.  The atmosphere and service was excellent as well.Great Food & Service. The Alligator Omelette was Delicious. Makes me feel right at home with the country music playing in the backgroundI got the Blackened Catfish Platter for lunch today. Upon first glance, I was super excited about it: nice catfish filet, dark roux gumbo, two slices of fried green tomato, and a biscuit. 
The biscuit was superb.
The catfish was borderline raw. I explained the issue nicely and they complied just the same. I dined on the gumbo and the fried green tomatoes while I waited. The gumbo is labeled as "Spicy" and it was spicy, but cayenne should be used sparingly when making any gumbo. Spice is for flavor, not to overwhelm the taste buds. It was good, but I understand why they serve a biscuit with the dish. The fried green tomatoes have promise. They need to be cut just a bit thinner. When I got the catfish back, it was cooked. It tasted okay. 
All in all, the meal wasn't worth $17.50. 
I've not had the Bloody Mary from this establishment yet. I will go back one day to have it (it's award winning, apparently) and maybe just some onion rings (which looked awesome).
My server was nice and attentive. Can't complain about the service.Excellent food. Open 24/7, best service ever, a real NOLA experience. I highly recommend this place. It's a place the locals frequent, I'm glad we found it. The crab cake Benedict's is an excellent choice for breakfast.This place is AWESOME!  Staff are all so friendly and accommodating.  The food is phenomenal (highly recommend the red beans, jambalaya, fried green tomatoes) the breakfast is yummy (and reasonably priced!) and the Bloody Mary's are quite the creation!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  It's nothin' fancy...just great food in a welcoming environment.
KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB!!!Ate at Daisy Dukes Café last night. I had he 1/2 shrimp poboy with a cup of gumbo. The shrimp were fried perfectly and the bread was perfectly crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. The gumbo wasn't the best I've ever had but it was good. One granddaughter has a Daisy burger. It was huge and definitely freshly made. The other granddaughter had the best tasting stack of huge pancakes! We went about 7pm and it wasn't crowded. But it was packed at breakfast and lunch!Had the half shrimp po boy and cup of gumbo.  For after midnight on a Monday, it was awesome.  Food was good and everyone was friendly.  Thanks!I only got the biscuits and sausage gravy and a coffee, but was very happy with both. The biscuits in particular were really good. Light and buttery. The order came really quick too, but was freshly made.This restaurant was definitely worth the brief wait outside.  The customer service was excellent and the crawfish omelet with a mimosa was even better!by far the best Gumbo we had in New Orleans. Open 24 hours and a great place to grab a quick breakfast or late night bit to eat. We stayed 3 days and ate here twice. thumbs up on the GumboHaven't ordered in a while. Got lunch delivered while I was at work in the quarter. It took over an hour and it was cold when it arrived. Normally I'd call the restaurant and complain, but I paid cash. And I already waited over an hour. Use to be great for delivery, what happened?This cafe messed up our entire order. We waited an extensive amount of time on our food to only have it given to someone else. After they remade the order, they gave us he wrong order. The lady that took the order was very unorganized and unapologetic. The food is mediocre at best. I wont be coming here again!!!!!Small but very nice looking restaurant.
Ordered: seafood omelet $10.95 , very good ... a lot of seafood in this omelet 
Do recommend this placeIt was around midnight and I was craving a seafood platter! It was awesome! The fried oysters were amazing, so was the shrimp! I was too full to even eat the salad or roll.As a 1st Timer in this part of New Orleans (for the Essence Jazz Festive) we made a stop at this Great breakfast spot. It's small on the inside, but don't let that fool you. The food was great, they used real eggs to prepare the meal, staff was courteous... great price for the amount of food!Just awesome !! Everything was great , we had it delivered to our hotel and it was hot and fresh- def try the fried green tomatoes OMG !!!Breakfast was decently priced for the amount of food you receive and staff was friendly. Only downfall is that they don't split the checks for people at the table.Someone dropped a menu off at work, so we decided to give it a shot. This place has changed locations a few times, and I think I've eaten at most (if not all) of their incarnations.  
I had the fried green tomato (FGT Poboy) with a side of red beans for lunch- what a great lunch special idea! $8.95 -- it was decent and I'd give the place another shot, but I probably wouldn't order this particular combo again.  If I were anywhere else in the world, this would've been great. The tomatoes were beautiful, the portion size was perfect, and the price was right. 
Here's where it fell short for me: 
*The Poboy bread wasn't chewy like French bread is supposed to be. 
*The FGT Poboy came dry with no sauce (no remoulade?!) and barely any seasoning.
*The red beans were runny, not creamy. 
These three things are New Orleans food 101.  I can't recommend a place to my tourist customers unless I know they get the basics right. 
I'm sure this combo would get great reviews from someone from Cleveland, but if your red beans aren't as good as the ones you can get for free on a Monday night at Mardi Gras Zone, then maybe it's time to change your recipe. :) 
Here are the things that rock about this place: 
*Excellent phone customer service 
*Quick delivery (and a hot delivery guy!) 
*24/7 Breakfast (woohoo!) 
*Great menu choices
I look forward to trying something else on the menu :)Good food bad service. Finally decided to try the place and walked in and was told to sit anywhere, every table was dirty and the waitress looked annoyed we asked her to wipe it down. She promptly asked for our order and when we told we hadn't had a chance to look at the menu she stood there until we ordered.   We saw her leave the restaurant for a few and waited for to return to ask refills. Trying to get the check was a drawn out process as was having her come back for the card. I really enjoyed the food but not sure when I'll be back due to service. Also, they could put a lil more effort in keeping the place tidy.Small and busy but worth a stop. I loved the aligator omelette. My server was very attenative and friendly.. Would recommend for sure.I went there today with two friends.  They had the breakfast for lunch and said their meals were okay.  I had the overpriced cheeseburger and "cajun" fries.  It was the most disgusting cheeseburger I had ever eaten but I was so hungry I didn't have much choice.  The fries had some sort of seasoning on top of them - they were nasty.  But I guess they think if they put Tony C's on top of the fries, they can charge $4.50 for an order.  THEN to top it off, it is freaking hot outside - almost 80 degrees, and they didn't have the A/C on.  There is nothing worse than eating disgusting food while you are burning up.  Never. Again.Nice place! Had a line that made us want to reconsider but moved fast. Open 24/7 so that's a plus! Breakfast selections were good with sausage gravy and biscuits, seafood omelette, and a breakfast Sandwich which all were good. Staff was kind and attentive in spite of the crowds.We walked by this place twice a day as we were walking to and from our hotel to Bourbon Street while we were here for 6 days. We have eaten here twice, once for lunch and then once for am early morning breakfast after drinking till 2am. 
There were 5 people in my group both times so we saw 10 different meals. The burgers are fresh made home patties and HUGE burgers that were delicious!! I love pancakes and biscuits and gravy, both were beyond great! Pancakes weren't too thick or too thin and they were  cooked perfect!! 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for awesome good filling food while here in New Orleans!!The shrimps and grits are the best with a nice mimosa or coffee! Service was great, takes awhile to get a table but truly worthyOrdered online, missed parts of my order. Nice enough to bring the rest back but Cajun fries were missing cheese & no syrup for the pancakes. Both were dry. Jambalaya was good, as well as the fish. Nothing crazy.The friendliest servers in New Orleans made our last breakfast in town memorable.  And the food was great as well.  I had an alligator omelet with grits and a biscuit. Delicious!  When I demurely passed on a second Bloody Mary, she brought me one TO GO!  The drink was indeed a work of art, and we had a great experience to top off this delightful trip to New Orleans.I had the blackened alligator with gumbo and it was just what I was looking for. I got seated right away, and the service was good.Awesome Mimosa and Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich and the Green Fried Tomatoes and fried oysters are delicious. Just love the laid back and neighborhood environment with the local residents. The breakfast delivery service to our hotel was prompt and hot and delicious. Must stop at any of the locations for an affordable meal with great hours and prices. Will visit again March 2018 for my birthday month.We stayed at a nearby hotel and many during the conference I attended recommended Daisy Dukes for lunch! Never made it to lunch... but went in on a Saturday morning for breakfast. Was seated promptly and their menu was pretty extensive! Settled on a seafood omelette which did not disappoint! Totally affordable and portions were good enough for me! Customer service was great as our waitress was super friendly and attentive to our needs. I would definitely go back if I was ever in town again!I have the red rice and beans and the shrimp Po boy. Both were a good selection. I really enjoyed the red rice and beans it was different it wasn't like Spanish rice it was like a chili with rice in it and it was very tasty and for filling. The shrimp Po boy came with a sauce that was great the shrimps refried nice and crispy if I could just have those with the sauce it would would be amazing as well.  I really like the service I was the one person instead of having you sit at the bar they let me sit at a table which is very nice of them.  The place seems a little confusing because if you go to the restroom you have to like walk almost through the kitchen it feels like but other than that great place.Delivery service is excellent! If you're going out for a quick meal then this is great otherwise if you're looking for New Orleans cuisine, there are other places in town to sit and eat. 
 Loved the pizza and jambalaya. Breakfast was also great and it was nice to be able to get breakfast, lunch, and dinner delivered or ordered 24/7.Saw this when we were looking for a breakfast place.  Very small place but they were very busy.  The manager got us in as quickly as possible.  The waitress was great.  Definitely would recommend this place to eat.Food was delicious, service lacked. 
We went on a weeknight and the place was relatively empty compared to the line we saw out the door Saturday morning. I ordered a delicious omelette with spinach, bacon, tomato, and onion. I was craving this and it exceeded my expectations when it arrived. Very filly and a lot of bang for the buck.
My boyfriend ordered a shrimp poor boy with red beans and rice. The sandwich was delicious and filling but the beans were lukewarm. Still delicious
Our waitress was sitting on her phone for most of the evening and we had to get up and walk to her to ask for our check after a while. 
Overall, good food. Just hope service was a fluke for us that night. I would recommendGreat place. Honestly a toss up between Oceana and here. I got a friend seafood platter and they were certainly generous with the shrimp and oysters. I wish I would have gotten more than one fish fillet but it's not a deal breaker. Ordered delivery and they were to the hotel in a short period of time. I would definitely recommend.This was my First Time being back in New Orleans in a while . We stayed at the Marriot on Canal once we left Frenchmen street this was basically the only place still open. When we got to the front door the smell was hideous like Dead Rats or Something immediately I wanted to turn around but It was 8 of us and I was out numbered . So we stood at the door about 3 minutes before being seated at like 2 Am . Waitress was friendly the food came out fast I ordered A omelet with bacon snd mushrooms with my side being hash browns . The omelet was just Ok but the hash browns were greasy cold and burnt up Looking others at the table also got cold Food which was promptly brought to their attention and asked if they could bring out Freshly Heated Food. Everyones ticket is put together for a Grand Total plus her Tip for having a table over 5. We asked For change which they did not have so with it being 8 of us that made it worst . We asked for a Manager she claimed one was not available but offered the Number to contact . Overall I will never Return to Daisy Dukes Near the Marriot at 555 Canal Street .When I'm in town, I always go to Daisy Dukes Cafe on St. Charles, usually for breakfast.  The breakfasts are hearty and well-priced.  The atmosphere is nicely laid-back.  My server at this visit was Eva, who was very friendly and efficient.  She's a great asset to the cafe.  If you want good food, at less than regular New Orleans prices, go to Daisy Dukes.It was ok, nothing to brag about. I was extremely hungry and needed something to help with the alcohol. I order the shrimp po'boy and fried green tomatoes. The sandwich was very generic, the shrimp were cooked perfectly. The bread was cold. The tomatoes, while the breading was good, the tomatoes were very undercooked. Maybe that's just how they do it. I had unsweetened tea, it was very good. I sat in a booth, and the table was just too close. I hit my knee several times, and I am short. Okay place in a pinch. Nothing to brag about.3 stars for the food only. Our service was terrible. Our waitress was wearing a shirt that said "I understand, I just don't care" which I'm sure was meant in jest but when we've requested our fries 3 times, I would like it if you cared. Had to go get our own silverware, had to practically beg for refills. And those fries we waited forever on weren't actually that great. Probably won't come here again.Amazing food! I ate here the whole time I was in New Orleans. I will definitely will be eating here again when I go back in September!Ordered something for delivery and never received it tried calling them and they were closed.  Will have to call them in the morning and try to get a refund back.   That's poor service if you weren't going to bring the food they could have called and said something.Great local diner. Friendly servers. Sidewalk dining available and indoor but with an open air feel. Good food reasonably priced.We stayed at the hotel next door and ended up eating here because we needed something quick.  The girls were really good in getting our breakfast ready and us out the door in half an hour and honored the breakfast special even though we were 8 minutes past the cut off time.  The breakfast is nothing to write home about but will do the trick.  If it wasn't for the fast and attentive service, it would be a soft 3 star review.This was the best serendipitous "stop in and have a quick lunch" place I've been in a long time. The shrimp po'boy was amazing - super fresh and flavorful. I can't wait to come back for a Bloody Mary!!Great Food and Service. They are open 24/7 and the menu has great options. The portions are large and can easily feed 2 people. Everything is made cook to order and I often visit this location while visiting New Orleans.Excellent breakfast! Homemade biscuits were delicious! This will be our go to breakfast place when we return!A hidden gem. Prepare to go on a flavor journey.  Here's what I ordered:
- Cajun Philly Cheese with Cajun Fries
- Hot wings (extra crispy)
- Duke Special wings (extra crispy)
Each item was bursting with flavor and cooked to perfection. Excellent dive and very nice staff. The wings were incredible though - they definitely know what they are doing. I will be back to try more of the menu!Service took long. I asked for water several times and had to get up and go over and ask for water. I don't plan on coming here again.Great stop for brunch. They have great options for vegetarians, but my brother also said that the alligator omelette was awesome! Wasn't crowded, and the service was good. Definitely recommend.We got 2 am takeout, and it was fantastic!  The Cajun omelette was wonderful.   The restaurant setup is a little weird (delivery drivers sitting at the tables in the front, a bicycle in the middle of the restaurant), but the food was spot on and the price is right!  Better than Waffle House any day.Okay food. I think their breakfast food is probably better than they're lunch food. Food is really nothing special, and it's an easy place for a quick meal. But the music they played made me want to rip my ears off. They were playing covers of popular songs pretty loud that sounded like they were recorded though an android phone underwater. Still recovering lol.We ate here for Mardi Gras and as it is raining this is a great place to wait out the weather right on the parade route. We had the wings which were the best we've ever had. Especially for me I never order them out but they were perfect. We had the lemon pepper and teriyaki perfect. Staff was outstanding and went out of their way to make sure we had all that we needed. We had breakfast at their sister location in the French Quarter and it was just as awesome. Definitely recommend this a must stop when I'm New Orleans.Ordered online for delivery @ 2:57am: two burgers, two orders b & g and an order of fried green tomatoes......it's now 3:35am. Staying at the hotel NEXT DOOR......500ft away! No food!Service was great! Food was great! Prices well and near Bourbon Street. Will be back when I'm back in townWow. Down home fare at down home prices. Staff incredibly friendly despite the fast paced environment. Owner, Gucci, is right there along side serving up a biscuit that is buttery rich and crunchy on the outside.Great bloody marys, the BEST! The gumbo is delicious!i got the blackened alligator sausage combo.  it came with gumbo, biscuit, and fried green tomatoes - 2.  i also got a sweet tea.  good service here.  a little on the pricier side in my opinion, but i'm a visitor so i guess that's ok.  sausage portion good.  very salty.  gumbo was great.  spicy and tasty.  i would return next time i visit, but order something different.  they have a good menu, but i can only eat so much at once.Very good food. Friendly, prompt service. We had scrambled eggs, hash browns, and sausage gravy. All we're good and hit the spot!Buy one get one drinks + Dukes special wing sauce= 5 stars for me. You're able to have a conversation here and the price is right!Quite possibly the worst breakfast I have ever had bacon was thin and cold hashbrown were also cold  service was bad didn't check in on us and offer refills on ice tea I'm in the business so It pains me to do this but when you work for your$ don't throw it away here.If you want some good food, a nice amount of selection to choose from for a group who all want different things and the food to come to you in a quick amount of time, then I highly recommend!Clean, fast and GREAT BREAKFAST!! Good jazz in the background, wonderful omelet and tasty pancakes and bacon. 
Grands loved the open atmosphere for a small restaurant and the staff was efficient and polite to grandchildren and grandmother alike. We hope to go back.Driving from Dallas to Nola and we were hungry as.  Quickly dropped off our stuff at the hotel and it was late, the nearby Ihop was just not doing it so we drove to the city and after finally getting parking any place would do.  This was nearby so walked in and service was really great, the waitress was very helpful - we had someone in our group with allergies and she was really attentive.  They were doing a 2 for 1 drink with the cocktails so we had the mimosas and bloody mary.  The drinks are really watered down, it was like drinking juice.  Anyway on to the food, we ordered the Grilled Shrimp, Gumbo and Jambalaya.  It was decent food, ok so the flavour was a bit lacking but after a 9 hour drive, this was a nice warm meal with good service.Went there for a snack before the craziness of Halloween. I had the half shrimp po boy with a cup of gumbo. The po boy was great but the gumbo was just ok but had lots of sausage.After a long day of attending sessions for a conference and having a few drinks, a few of us got back to our hotel STARVING and tired.  The hotel concierge recommended Daisy Dukes because they were open 24 hours and deliver.  SCORE! 
We ordered:
2-topping Pizza - Pepperoni and olives.  Pizza was GOOD! Especially after a evening of drinking :)
Cajun Philly Cheesesteak - Delicious!  came with fries
Cajun Fries - Okay. Nothing special. 
Fried Tomatoes - It's battered and fried, the batter was crumbly.  We could tell it was fresh because it was still super hot after 10 minutes after we received the delivery. 
Would I go to this place again as a sit down restaurant, probably.  Is it a place where it's OMG if and when I return to New Orleans, I have to go back to? Eh. not really.Yuck this place was gross. Food for a hangover I guess. Had the wings and fries. Wings were over cooked the frozen kind and dry. Fries were also the frozen fries. The garlic hot sauce and lemon pepper seasoning wasn't all that the best thing was the Bloody Mary. 2 for one cheap vodka but got the job done. I won't be back.The service and food was great, our waitress Sonya was the ULTIMATE BEST!! We ate there 2 days in a row witb the best service ever!Went for breakfast and was disappointed. Service was slow even though it wasn't busy. Pancakes were decent but eggs were undercooked and bacon burnt to a crisp. Won't be going back next time in NOLA.This place is the Most RACIST place I've ever been. At least, racist to Asians. The waitresses in this restaurant is racist. First when I went into the restaurant, no one try to sit me, I waited for a while and a girl said you can sit wherever you like. Then I sat down waited for a while, noted a white couple came in, the waiter immediately sat them. I waited for a while, waitress come and go serving tables near me where with white customers and completely ignored my existence. She came to the table behind me, served the table with customers came later than me, apologized to hem for the delay. Again, ignored me. At this time I couldn't wait anymore, I said "excuse me, I'm ready to order as well" , then she responded coldly, as if I shouldn't have stopped her, completely ignoring the fact that I was a customer there waited just as long "I will get your server". I was really confused as first of all, i sat myself, no one served me during the time I was there. So I didn't really have a server . Then a few minutes later, she said "I will take your order and transfer that to your server" i was even more confused, why was I getting this second hand treatment??? That I can't get a server serve me directly? Or she couldn't be a server but rather a messenger for the server? This is extremely DISAPPOINTING, at this modern age, this is racial discrimination is still going on in this restaurant in an area of tourism and in a city full of cultural diversity, this is truly sad.They are solid. My friend RAVES about their wings. I've really only had the gumbo and red beans and rice. BOTH winners!!! Perfectly seasoned, super quick and perfect for how cold it's been in Nola this January!
Also great for after bourbon street and you need something warm and quick. The service was ... cool. Meaning, don't expect to be gushed over but they weren't rude, so I was cool with that :-)
Get the gumbo!!
I did venture and try their po boy - wasn't a fan - it came with  sauce on the side but I don't like mayo mixed with some sort of red sauce, so I left the sandwich dry. The big plus was it had a TON of fried shrimp- so I ate ALL of that. I just really didn't know how to eat such a sandwich. I've never had a po boy before, so if you are used to po boys, look at the pic I posted and you might love the one at Daisy Dukes. 
The 4 stars is for the best gumbo + red beans and rice, hands down.The chicken Philly with Cajun seasoning is awesome. Shrimp po boy was also great.Great café for a late night southern style bite.  We entered the establishment around 2 AM mid-week.  The place was not overly crowded and the menu had a wide variety of dishes...breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I had a craving for gumbo and my co-worker ordered a specialty omelet.  The food was plentiful and filled our satisfaction for a late night quite spot.  It is a few blocks outside of the much busier French quarter.  For that reason, the prices are more reasonable and the service is quick.  I will keep this on my radar the next time I am looking for food at 2 AM in NOLA.This place is a greasy spoon that uses a lot of plastic and styrofoam! I ordered the eggs blackstone, eggs were not poached but over cooked, it was cold and the hollandaise sauce was a weird color of yellow.  If you go stick to the basics but with so many options in New Orleans I'm sorry we wasted a meal at this placeDelicious food, great servers. Had the raw oysters and they came with hot sauce, crackers,, horseradish and lemon. The alligator po boy was fresh and delicious and the gumbo was perfect. Very reasonably priced and great service, highly recommend this place.We had a great breakfast.  What made it great was our server Beau.   He was a lot of fun and gave us lots of attention.   I had the Cajun omelet and it had great sausage. I also had two cups of grits.  The rest of my group had the crab cake Benedict.   We had a nice time.  Love dinners like Daisy's.So rude whoever take the delivery order don't want to order from her again all because she had bad experiences with other doesn't mean she take it out on good customers the delivery guys is great the food is great but trying to place a order makes u don't even want to orderIf you are ever in New Orleans please stop here for breakfast you would do yourself a disservice if you didn't they have excellent food great service nice atmosphere they also play jazz music the prices are amazing overall just a wonderful experience..The food is subpar and our waitress had a terrible attitude. The moment she came to our table she has a bad attitude. When I asked her for an additional drink she rolled her eyes and asked someone else to get it. We should have gone to Jimmy J's next door. They have a much more extensive menu and I've nothing but good things about their food and service.Nice little breakfast place close to our hotel. Went to a more popular local place the day before and was not impressed. This place is small but the service is fast. A get in eat and get out place. If your the type that likes to linger over your meal. This is not the place,for you. Little place means fast turnover of the tables. Loved the biscuits. My Lady who loves biscuits and gravy was not impressed, she loved her pork chop.Happy to find a decently priced restaurant near hotel that was NOT in the French Quarter tourist trap.  I ordered the sampler: gumbo, jambalaya, red beans & rice included fried green tomatoes on the side (a personal favorite of mine) and biscuit.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  2-1 Hurricanes,  not sure if just Monday nights or all the time?  Took apple pie to go.  Suggestion to owners, do something more to focus attention from the street (especially view from Canal) because almost kept walking thinking place was closed.  Seated in comfy booth, but noticed not all the chairs matched at tables.Food was fantastic and the service was great. The tables were dirty but for the price I couldn't complain. Worth a stop in.Bloody Mary was delicious,  but the garnish was pitiful compared to the menu picture (one olive, half a green bean and a sliver of lime). My daughter loved her packages and the Cajun omelette was good.  The crab cakes benedict was a trainwreck. Cold grits, really bready and overfried cakes, bright yellow and tasteless hollandaise.  The eggs on top were overcooked PAST hard boiled to being rubber balls. Won't be back, except maybe for a Bloody Mary.My friends & I ordered delivery from a near by hotel! We anticipated a long wait but good news was the delivery guy Dennis I think called a few minutes ahead to inform us that he was arriving shortly! Our ridiculous large order arrived in 20 minutes & it was still very hot! Thank You for making our night & Thank You to Daisy Dukes Cafe for ending our night with Really really good food & fast delivery! You have made 5 ladies very happy & customers for every time we visit!!!Shrimp and grits were average.  The sauce on top was cold and had to be re-ordered. The Bacon is the thin kind that comes pre-cooked or is microwaved.   The staff was very nice and friendly.Decent food...open all night...good service.  Great for what it is -- a place to go after midnight.Went in for breakfast.  Seated right away and the waitress came right over to take my order.  The food came out lightning fast and was absolutely delicious!  Highly recommend for great service, amazing food and great prices.The waiter total disregarded my order request  so I had wait additional 25 mins on my 1hr lunch break and on top of all of that he over charged me on the check ..... philly cheese steak was okay at best but my co worker said he enjoyed the red beans and rice ...I won't be backI wish I could give negative stars, but I will give them a one star because the alligator was tolerable. Our meals came out cold and I just think they went in through them in the microwave to remedy it. Our male server only gave attention to the tables where his friends were at (not even his tables) we asked for silverware when our food was dropped, but it was taking so long that another table gave us their silverware. The girl servers were hustling their asses off and covering for our server who wasn't cutting it. Go here only if there isn't a line and all of the other places have a huge wait.Sam is such a delight. Service is off the charts. The whole staff is so accommodating. We felt welcome here day after day after day. Try the pizza, the alligator po boy, and the cheesy fries. Love Shea, Caitlin, Tia and Amanda.I ordered the shrimp po boy it was large and good.  The music playing inside is unnecessarily loud and HORRIBLESuper boring. Not good food. Service was okay. A little slow but the guy was very polite. Restroom didn't have a toilet paper dispenser. There was a giant mop bucket with disgusting brown liquid in it. Just generally bad. The only thing it had going for it was that it was open and no wait.I had the seafood omelet with Grits and a biscuit. 
Very good, the omelet had so much shrimp(I'm a shrimp lover.)The Grits satisfied my southern girl palate. I complemented the staff on the music, took me back to the seventies Delicious coffee. We will be back. Local ambience with no frills...I know it was essence weekend so I know it was a lot of people. However however at the time I went it was a minimal people and I was alone looking for food. I was able to get a sprite and my waitress forgot about me. When she remembered I was already ready to go I did want to pay for my drink she let me have it without charging me but I did leave and won't be back. I hate bad serviceOur food was delivered 15 minutes early to our hotel. The delivery was completely accurate. Ordered at 12 am for my family of 5- all our food has been rated great by everyone.We didn't get into town until after midnight and had not eaten a meal all day.  Tired and hungry we ordered an oyster po' boy, a Cajun philly cheese steak sandwich and an order of fried green tomatoes.  It arrived within 15 minutes, hot and fresh!!!   I couldn't believe the amount of food and the quality.  There were 17 good sized oysters on the po' boy, the philly cheese was HUGE and both were too full to close!!  The fried gr tomatoes were sliced thick-a huge portion.  Would have fed 4 adults.  The price was very reasonable for the quantity.  Would not hesitate to order from daisy dukes again.good food, terrible service. i guess their saying on their cups is "it ain't nothin fancy" and that is correct. the asian waitresses talked to each other more than the clients and would not talk to customers unless they were flagged down. we watched people that cam in after us get water and get their orders in ALL before we got our water. then when we politely asked for water they got snippy, they don't know how to say your welcome. the whole point of eating out...Not really sure yet.  Going to gjve them another try. We arrived to our hotel late. 
We were hungry, but too tired to go out.  Got  carry out menus  from the front desk and the free delivery caught my eye.  Ordered Teriyaki Wings  and paid thru their app. The wings arrived in speedy fashion too.
Since we were so pleased with the Wings, we decided to give it a try for lunch the next day.  Service was slow.  We ordered a hamburger with fries, just ok - nothing special.  They always have BOGOF Bloody Mary or Mimosa.  The Body Mary was way too spicy  for me, nice presentation tho!  They gave me 1/2 off the drink since  I didn't  want another one. 
We will just stick to carry out for the Wings 
I think.I have been to the different daisy dukes restaurants in NOLA every time I visit or come for work. Never ever disappoint! Today I had delivery from this one and it was amazing. Took like 15 min to get here, delivery woman was sooooo nice, food was outstanding and all correct with little extras I requested. I had the fried green tomatoes and red beans and rice side. Both were perfect! Ordering in line was super easy and convenient.I've eaten here a total of three times. From the uncooked fish, to the really too big fried green tomatoes "not po'boy bread" po'boy, and the omelet that needed some of the spicy that's in their too spicy gumbo ... I'm sorry to say, three strikes, you're out.I ate my first meal in the Big Easy here and I was disappointed.  The food wasn't bad. I had breakfast there. The grits are very creamy and tasty. The waitress was the problem. The place was not busy. After she brought the food she  never returned to check on us. I even has to search for her to get the check. When we left she was sitting outside smoking  a cigarette and on her cell phone. She acted like we didn't matter.The owner of this place, Gucci, is the nicest guy around. He's always in a good mood, and it infects the customers and employees of this joint. I had the best fried catfish and mimosas here!! It's a cute little place with outdoor seating when the weather is nice.This our our (go to) breakfast place while visiting NOLA.
Good food, reasonable prices & friendly service.Had a GREAT Breakfast this morning. Alligator sausage omelet for me and my wife had a vegetarian omelet. The service from our waitress was OUTSTANDING, making sure everything was to our liking.  If you are in the city definitely worth the visit.One of the worst meals I have ever had.  Now I will admit that it was 3am however on all of my NOLA trips I have had late night meals and I have been to other Daisy locations.  This meal was served in Styrofoam containers, was cold and bland and the waitress sucked ass.  The pancakes were worse than mcdonalds.  However I fault myself for not doing proper research and find some late night/ early morning alternatives and just going with the same old.  Never again.Not only does this joint deliver pizza to needy drunkards 24/7 (in my case, 5:57 am), but it's cheap AF and absolutely f-cking DELICIOUS. I slammed an entire small cheese pizza on Monday morning after returning to my hotel after Bass Church at Dragons Den. It was SO GOOD. A nice hand tossed crust with crispy, flavorful edges, delicious mozzarella cheese, and a tasty sauce. I could not have been happier. This is good ass pizza.This is the best gumbo in NOLA. There usually is a little line, but it moves quickly and is worth the wait!Let's keep this simple, because what I ordered was just that - burger and fries.
Fries were great, the half pound beef burger came with raw white onions and two slices of processed cheese, that's it!
Meanwhile the menu stated it would have tomatoes, lettuce, onions, mustered and ketchup.
How do you forget to up half of the items?? FAIL!Never delivered our food. We kept calling but the lady would put us on hold and then she hangs up on us. It's impossible to speak to someone about our order much less a refund. Why offer delivery if you're just going to take our money and then ignore us???This place felt a lot like Denny's, but New Orleans style.  It is a small chain with not very exciting choices.  However, I have a 10, 12 and 13 year old and they were each able to find something to eat.  I would have given a higher rating if the service was better.  The employees were all Filipino and they had Filipino television on.  This would have been appropriate if it was a Filipino restaurant, but obviously it's not!  We had to ask for simple things like silverware and our drinks to be refilled.  :(We ended up here because the restaurant we really wanted to go to had already stopped serving breakfast.  It's average.  I order the steak and eggs medium well...the steak was over cooked (well done) and almost flavorless.  We also ordered pancakes, hash browns, and toast.  Again it's average.  Compared to some of the other restaurants (e.g. Commerce) this is definitely a last resort.  I will say the waitress was extremely friendly and attentive and like most restaurants in this area in this price range it just wasn't the cleanest.This place was near our hotel and we were hangry. Upon entering it seemed quaint, but from looking around I realized it was a little above a breakfast food truck in NJ.
I ordered a alligator omelette and it came with hash browns and a biscuit. Omelette was nice; lil chunks of meat and veggie and accommodating to my dollop of ketchup. Hash was plentiful & was amazingly flavorful & I ate more than I should. Warm biscuit was basic, but strong enough to hold the cold butter and lil packet of grape jelly from the table; I finished that before anything else.
Service was really good. They were attentive and recommended good stuff, and quick to arrive to feed our hangry souls. When the sky opened up and dropped buckets of rain, they let us know we were welcome to stay seated as long as we needed to avoid getting drenched. 
There is a new hotel construction happening right next door and I can assume they wont be doing the same business when it opens, may even close, but between the local workers, the groggy bloody mary seeking tourists, and the late night orders, with their quality and quickness of food they should be okay.Great safe place to enjoy a nice New Orleans dinner 24 hours day. The Bloody Mary was just delicious. I had never had one before and tried it for the very first time at Daisy Dukes. Great recommendation. They buy one get one free!! Seafood Gumbo had a great meaty flavor!!Great local breakfast. Nothing fancy but the food is good and the service was off the charts good. Mary is awesome!Nothing fancy but exactly what we needed after nine hours in the car... breakfast for dinner! Boys got pancakes and i got two for one bloodies!This omission a good place for food , but the drinks need alot of help. Ordered bottomless bloody mary... both tasted just like straight tomato juice. I asked for Tabasco..which they dont have , then asked them to make it spicy... and that was just awful. The food was pretty decent.Skip this place. 
Went there because we were going to be in NoLa for a night and wanted to go downtown and do the tourist thing, and saw that they were 24 hours.  Big mistake choosing this place, food was blah and their "policies" are even worse.  Wanted to sub red beans and rice for fries on one of their baskets.  An order of fries on the menu is 4.25.  Red beans is 5.75, Onion Rings were 6.50.  They wouldn't let us sub red beans for an upcharge but would let rings be subbed. What?  AND they serve red beans as a side with the half po boy.....  When we asked the server about the sub she's like "Nope.." didn't even bother to check with the kitchen or manager to see if it could be done.  Maybe she thought that we'd order the red beans side in ADDITION to the 15.00 fish basket so said no.   What my husband ended up doing was just ordering a po boy, no side and he ate my red beans and rice.  So instead of having a 16.00 plate, he had a 10.00 plate and we skipped dessert.  She ended up with a 4.00 tip instead of 10.  Her loss. Plus the shrimp on the po boys were very bland..the beans were good but the service is what takes what would have been a 4 star review to a 1 star.This review is for breakfast only but we really enjoyed what we had. The Alligator Omelet was really good as were the grits and breakfast biscuit sandwich. The service was good and food served promptly.Breakfast was so delicious I had to go back twice. I discovered that I really enjoy grits here and their biscuits are just right. 
Ordered the "2 eggs your way"Not sure what possessed me to go into this place except that I was craving biscuits and gravy as I was walking by the restaurant one night and decided to go there the next morning. Of course by the time I got there the next morning I was no longer in the mood for a biscuit and so ordered bacon and eggs with hashbrowns and toast. Of course I did break down and order a side of the gravy which I put liberally on anything that was on my plate and unable to defend it self... So... Pretty much everything.
The service was wicked fast and quite friendly. I'm only here for a week and so I try not to repeat restaurants, but I believe I will have to get back there at least one more time to try the lunch menu. This is a down-home place with no strings attached: just good folks and good food doing a great job.Decent breakfast near the Intercontinental hotel on St Charles. Small place, service was not great. Had a standard breakfast eggs your way with pancakes adder for $2. Food was good. $27 for two before tip. If you want a cheaper breakfast then hotel it is worth a stop but standard average breakfast fare here. It is a small place as well.We ate at Daisy Dukes while staying at the Hilton across the street. We ordered a delivery one time and went there for breakfast another time. We especially liked the pancakes, pizza, biscuits, and the fried green tomatoes.  The service was friendly and prompt. A good quick place to fuel up before going to the French Quarter!Do not recommend. My family came here for lunch on a Saturday and service was fine but food was mediocre. I asked for a medium burger and it came back extremely well done. My father also ordered a burger but was not even asked how he wanted it cooked. My mom ordered a breakfast sandwich which had undercooked eggs. Plates came one at a time rather than all together.The food in the place is an excellent value. I gave 2 stars because the service would have to improve to rise to the level of horrible. Our server sat in a booth with 2 other servers with her back to us.  This was at 2 pm. Never checked back. Did not appear to care if we needed anything. Wasn't even trying.This is a swell spot for grabbing some pregame vittles! After a day of brunch, naps, and beverages, we need a little pick me up before heading out for a night of NOLA live music!! Clean location and great wait staff! I will definitely be back!So I ordered take out, late night, yes web site says open 24/7, but late night is online orders only..... food arrived before the estimated wait time..... I ordered chicken fingers with fries, and it came with a biscuit...... however no butter or honey to lather the biscuit in, their ranch sucks too much mayo the honey mustard sauce was great and the BBQ dipping sauce was good, definitely not made in house though.... i also ordered the chili cheese fries they were good. Definitely a great reccomendation for a late night food delivery. The only reason for a 4 was because the ranch sucks, and no butter or honey for the breadShrimp and grits were great ! Pamela was awesome bottomless bloody Mary's !! Cajun shrimp was excellent! But the was amazing !!Loved it! Waitresses are so funny and friendly. Mimosas are amazing and the country fired steak was great! Would recommend!Boycott Bowl 2019 was insanely packed and getting food was near impossible so my friend and I decided to order take out to our hotel room. 
Decided to continue our cherry popping weekend of NOLA "firsts". Bourbon Street...check. Beignets...check. So, of course, we needed to check off our po boy "check" and decided on this spot (mostly because they deliver...yeah, we're lazy and/or drunk...whatevers). 
We ordered online. The site is not entirely user friendly  and entering in my address caused my card to be  charged 6 times because it kept rejecting my CC address for verification. All invalid charges were reversed but if I was on a budget, I'd probably be pissed from all of those pending charges. 
Luckily this review is NOT about that. It's about the service and the food, which were EXCELLENT. The site said the food would take about an hour.... LIES. They were so fast! I think we spent more time trying to figure out the online ordering! 
We ordered one alligator sausage po boy, a sausage po boy and the fried green tomatoes. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly "green". And if you know green tomatoes, you know what I mean. The sausage po boy was sooooo delicious and SUPER spicy. If you can't handle the heat... Don't eat this .
But I can't even begin to tell you how effin delicious the alligator sausage was. I'm no alligator meat expert and certainly not po boy specialist, but daaaaamn this was so damn good. Made me want to slap somebody's mama! I'd definitely recommend this place!!!
Big pluses about this place...all day breakfast and they are open until 4am!!!  This is a great place for other lazy/drunk tourists to keep in mind. Thank you Daisy Dukes Cafe. 2 days in NOLA and this was our favorite meal!Amazing food super friendly service. We ordered a sampler platter with gumbo, etouffee, and red beans and rice with fried oysters not the side. Every single thing was delicious.Simple and convenient to place to hit especially so late at night. Food was delicious. I had a shrimp po'boy when I was there back in April. Overall, eat here for something cheap and delicious.Good late night spot after a long night out, but nothing to brag about. Food is good enough, but not great. The waitresses are super sweet.This place is a little hole in the wall but it's the best place to get breakfast! I can see how it was busy but it was worth a little wait for a table. Everything was made to order and fresh. We had Jenn as our waitress and she was the sweetest. She was on top of it. She got everyone's order how they wanted it, checked on us every now and then and always had a beautiful smile. Thank you for such a great experience. This place is walking distance from Intercontinental Hotel and JW Marriott.Super rude at to go orders. Confusing menu (3 different ones), and rushed order. Lady that answers the phone late night will rush you, tell you to call back when you know what you want and answer 0 questions. Not worth the aggravation.Food was good, but the service was horrible. Otherwise, I would've given them one star. The waitress was very rude and impatient as we asked questions about the menu, and location of the restroom. She actually walked off while my husband was taking to her. She made it clear that she didn't want to be bothered. One of the cooks inquired about whether we liked the food, and we replied "yes," but that the waitress was rude. He mentioned that to her, and her disposition changed some, but by that time, it was too late. Our experience was already a negative one. The floor manager stopped and asked if I was upset because my arms were folded. I told her about our experience, and her reply was, "everyone has bad days." Wow, what a poor response to a customer under those circumstances! As we were about to leave, this manager got into an argument with a family because she told them that they needed to move out of the walkway. The lady told her that she was rude, and that family left without being seated. I'd never seen anything like this in the service industry, and we travel and eat out a lot.LOVE the Daisy Duke's Bloody Mary! Started at the French Quarter location this morning, to find that it was closed for renovations. So, went to the St Charles location instead. The Bloody Mary at this location is buy one/get one free, not bottomless (says that on their menu). But both of our bloody Mary's came WITHOUT lemon, okra, celery, and crawfish (I understand they don't do crawfish anymore, so ok - but update the image on the menu). Bottom line - if you're going for the Bloody Mary, don't go to the St Charles locationWhere to start... HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE... Like really, even when the food isn't good, the customer service can make or break a deal... well they didn't make the cut! I literally waited over 15 min just to get a straw, my orange juice had already watered down, but to make it worse, our waitress wasn't even the one to bring the straw after I asked twice!!! 
The place is small so for the wait staff to be that horrible & inattentive is just crazy!!! It's mind boggling! Now to the food! I ordered a ribeye... it was HORRIBLE! Eggs had no taste at all!!!
Only thing I can say was the pancakes were good... but besides that, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!! 
You get more taste from a McDonalds steak bagel! Wish I would have got that instead! Atleast I would have got that with a smile!!!Don't waste your time or your money. The only saving grace for this place is that it's a quick in and out but otherwise it's overpriced fast food. Actually fast food is probably an upgrade to this place.Awful Customer service.  Me and my family called to place a order for delivery.  The gentlemen that took our order stated that the prices of burgers on the website were $6.99, however they have increased the prices to $15.99 for the festival this week in New Orleans. We stated that we felt we were being overcharged and the prices on the site were misleading.  The employee hung up on me.   We called back to ask for the manager and they would not let us speak. To the manager.  I am a business owner I would never treat customers this way.Was looking for a place for late night food. Seems like the late night is only carryout or delivery. Not a problem. Ordered our food and it was out FAST!! Jumbo was great, shrimp po boy was huge and good. They gave us tons of condiments and silverware which was nice since we are in a hotel. I highly recommend.Terrible. Service was bad. It didn't seem like anyone knew what they were doing. No one in my group was impressed by their food. It was maybe ok, and that's a hard maybe. In a group of 5, no one left happy. And on top of it all, with the bad service, 18% gratuity is automatically added to the bill. Don't waste your time or money.My only knock was that when I ordered an oyster po-boy to go, with a side of fried green tomatoes, they put the order in for a fried green tomato po-boy. My bad for not paying attention to the final cost of the order. Not complaining too much b/c both were really tasty. 
HOWEVER - all of the food I saw coming out while waiting was looking so good I was wishing we got up earlier to have breakfast here. Plus, the service was fast, friendly and no one was loafing around. They all seemed to be working like a well-oiled machine. 
Definitely on my short list next time I visit NOLA.This is the only Daisy Dukes that delivers. There is no delivery fee and they are open 24/7 (Yelp needs to update their info)Food was still freaking hot when we got it. I was a little nervous ordering and waiting on delivery but they exceeded my expectations.Service was terrible, waited for cheese pizza for about 30 minutes and had to ask for water, etc when we finally got their attention (even though the place was empty). Pizza was average but my boyfriend's breakfast sandwich was very good. Hashbrowns were also good.Delivery was quick. They did not deliver full order. We called and told them what item was missing. The young lady asked if I wanted to come pick it up, which I replied NO! She then told me it would be 45 minutes. After waiting for 2 hours, I called again to ask for a refund for missing items. The young man answered, I explained the situation. I was transferred to another person who hung up on me. We never got all our items and were charged for them as well as he missing items were reflected on receipt that came with delivery. NEVER ordering again! And the food was COLD!!Bad service. Inefficient and mean. Restaurant is greasy. Wouldn't come again. There are a lot of other restaurants nearby serving better food and delivering better service.After another disappointing restaurant, we came to this place. This place found 8 seats and we were rocking. I had the fried alligator, sampled the gumbo, read beans and rice. The poboy was delicious as well. The waitress was attentive and the bill was reasonable.Disgusting!! My wife and I took a weekend trip to New Orleans and decided to order out after a long day of traveling and enjoying a nice walk along the French Quarter. My wife had a fried oyster platter, and I ordered the fried oyster poboy. The oysters were undercooked, very slimy, and did not seem to be fresh. We asked for a side of ranch to enjoy with our fries, and it was spoiled!! The lettuce on my sandwich was brown/ wilted, and the cocktail sauce tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. Needless to say, we wasted 40+ dollars on this place. Don't waste your time or money, go to Drago's!Mother's Day night we at the hotel downtown.  This place was near and opened and had a great menu. I ordered bbq chicken, seafood omelet, grits, fried pork chops and fries. Soon as I hum up the phone the order was here like 8 minutes later. We were amazed but happy because we were hungry. Soon as my husband bit into his pork chop he noticed it was not completely cooked. You could actually see the blood. Being a good sport he just put it in the microwave and finished cooking the pork chop. The grits was cold and lumpy so I didn't eat it. I moved on to the bbq chicken and it wasn't completely done. So now I'm pissed and I call to speak to a manager. The guy refused to tell me his name and said the cook can cook. So here are the pics of what I threw away. And yes the fries arrived black and cold. Don't waste your time eating hereThe food is good, I like the chicken wings. Delivery usually doesn't take that much time either. I took three stars off for customer service.
I ordered chicken wings for delivery but the orders got mixed up and they delivered a sandwich. No big deal, mistakes happen. When I called them to ask for my original order, Brittney (hopefully she didn't lie to me about her name) picked up the phone and was so impolite to me. She first accused me of being rude - even though I just explained the situation and asked for my order but I apologized anyway because I wanted my wings. Then I called again to inquire when my wings are coming, and she hung up on me at the end. Then, Brittney told the delivery guy to tell me to return the sandwich they mistakenly delivered! Of course, I didn't return anything--it was Daisy Dukes' mixup and I didn't want it to be bought by someone else after they delivered it to me. 
I've also worked in the hospitality industry for a long time, and Brittney's service was far far below what every customer should receive. Moral of the review: if you call and Brittney picks up, ask to talk to someone else because she'll sass you out. The delivery guy (Tom) was really nice and understanding, though!