Cheickine under a brick.  Good
Brussel sprouts.  Good
Nice environment 
Overall a pleasant experience.
Highly recommend.AMAZING!! I went here for sunday brunch and was quite pleased with the delicious food!  I decided to get the special...boudin cakes with poached eggs with a side of grits.  It was oh so yummy!!!  The grits are some of the best I have ever tasted!!  Also, the biscuits are some of the best around.  I will def. be back soon!!Firstly, our waiter Larry was refreshingly attentive and knowledgeable. 
Secondly, everything we ate was so delectable I'm just going to go ahead and list them so that I can relive those tasty moments and encourage any prospective diners to order the same. 
Apps
Crab and Corn Soup
Steamed Mussels
Entrees
Double-Cut Pork Chop
Redfish on the Half Shell
Chicken Roasted Under a Brick
*Roasted Duck Breast
Sides
Melanzane
Caramelized Onion Mashed Potatoes
Brussel Sprouts
*The only dish that didn't shine as brightly as the others was the duck.Banana pecan pancakes were good. Alligator sausage was interesting. It was my first time trying it. Real small quaint place with good food.This restaurant is in a quaint little area. Nice and clean with a friendly staff. The food is amazingly seasoned and delicious. I highly recommend them, you will not be disappointed!My friend and I drove down to New Orleans from Atlanta. We were rescuing a dog and cat the following day so we were only staying one night. It was a long drive and a bit stressful anticipating getting the pets, but I wanted to make sure that we had a nice dinner. I always read the reviews on Yelp and the comments for Dante's Kitchen convinced me this would be the perfect place for a lovely dinner. And it was! We ate outside on the patio, had a wonderful waiter and a delicious meal. My friend ordered the Arugula and Heirloom Beet Salad to start and it was a winner! I had a a yummy salad with tomatoes and onions (I can't remember what else was in it) and it was also delicious. For my entree, I had the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick, maple glazed, with a potato and bacon hash cake, topped with a fried farm egg. And for dessert we shared a Ricotta Cheesecake. The food was fabulous, the atmosphere was relaxing and the service was outstanding. It's off the beaten path which was perfect. We enjoyed every bit of our evening at Dante's and I'd go back in a minute.Wonderful experience. Food was uniquely prepared. Had several apps, with the shrimp and grits and escargot/bone marrow being standouts. 
Everyone loved the chicken under a brick.Brunch is amazing!!! Price is very reasonable too. I have only gone there for dinner one time a long time ago, so I don't remember the experience. However, I will definitely go back for dinner just to try it out again. Service is average. We went there for brunch right around when they are open so the wait was not bad, but I can see that it will be quite a long wait if going there a little later. I will definitely go back again!I guess they need to work on their consistency here.  I read other reviews saying how great this place was and some reviews that point out some major negatives.  I agree with the reviewer in saying that I was confused by the experience.   I had the chicken on a brick and I thought it was too spicy. The chicken comes with an egg that was sunny side up with a very soft yolk and even the white was runny. I detest runny eggs so I asked to have my egg cooked longer. I was told that "the chef will not cook the egg any more than this because it is supposed to make a sauce".   This tells me that either the chef is so arrogant that his vision is more important than giving the customer what they want (and paid for), or the waiter just didn't want to deal with me.   
I also didn't like their wine selection.  There were only 6 whites and 6 reds by the glass and they were pretty obscure grapes, ones I didn't know so I wanted wine but couldn't find one I liked.   
Agree with an earlier reviewer that said the Brussel sprouts were soggy.     
Positives are: that cornbread starter is excellent and I really liked the punch.  My husband ordered the pork, that was very well prepared. 
I guess it depends on what you order and whom your server is if you have a good experience here, but I wouldn't go back because I don't want to insult the chef with a request for a fully cooked egg.Holy Moly this place was amazing!!!!!  Hands down the best dinner in NOLA.  The Chicken Under the Brick was friggin delicious - the best chicken I have ever eaten - EVER and it wasn't even fried.  The Shrimp and Grits were amazing along with the mussels.  I loved loved loved this place.
Romantic ambience, great food, southern hospitality = 5 stars!We were greeted and seated immediately. Our tall bearded waiter was kind of a jerk. Barely answering questions and offering no advice when asked for it. The food was mostly very good . We were told the gumbo we ordered was not ready yet at 7:00, but fish was well cooked and the oyster stew was tasty. Dessert was great and wine was very reasonably pricedDisappointed.  It was not that great.  We had the pork and redfish.  Redfish was dry and for the cost, totally not worth it. Pork was also dry and pairing it up with a pancake was weird.   Other small plates are just okay-- nothing special and def not 4.5/5 stars.Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  
Dante's Kitchen is located in an older home that been fixed up and painted and decorated in an unusual motif.  Our dining room was painted a deep red.  The bar area featured lighting fixtures made of old glass jugs.  
Our service was wonderful.  We started with the shrimp and grits.  I wasn't a fan of the andouille red eye gravy.  I had the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick.  I thought the maple glaze overwhelmed the flavor of this dish.  The chicken itself was very moist and tender.  The hash and egg was good.  Not a fan of the redfish.  The brussels sprouts were delivered to our table at the end of our meal and we had too much food and couldn't finish them.  They weren't that good anyway.  I ate the rest of my chicken a couple of nights later as a snack and it was pretty good.  Maybe the maple glaze had calmed down by then.  
Maybe I should have ordered something else.This place was about a 15 minute drive outside of the touristy French Quarters area. Fortunately we had a car rental but for those without a car, it's worth the cab fare! My significant other ordered the Debris with Scrambled Eggs (on the menu as Poached Eggs) and I ordered the Eggs Benedict. Both dishes were spectacular and was perfect to the tee. (Warning: It's somewhat on the heavier side, so brace yourselves!). The establishment definitely gave this city slicker a good insight to how good and comforting southern food can be! Also, not to take away from some of the establishments within and around the French Quarters, but dining here just gave off a way more authentic feel since it was tucked away in a predominately residential area.This meal was amazing, hands down my favorite meal of recent months. I loved almost everything I ordered. Cocktails were fabulous. "Absinthe" (we weren't convinced it was actual absinthe, it just tasted like pastis to all of us including the one of us who believes he's had actual absinthe before) was fun. I had the chicken roasted under a brick, but my favorite was probably the bone marrow plated with escargot we had as appetizer. I only wish I had written a review right after I ate here so I'd have a clearer memory of what I got and what it was like.Great dinner food fresh and delicious. Server friendly, helpful. So happy to enjoy this restaurant again.  Worth the trip  will certainly returnA group of us had the escargot, beef heart, and ox tail for appetizers. Everything was incredible, melt in your mouth delicious. My main meal was the chicken cooked under a brick, which I must say was the best (or at least up there) chicken I've ever had. The sauce was amazing, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the presentation was top notch. 
Our waiter was great and very helpful. The Long Islands were just what I expected. and we didn't have to wait at all for a table (no reservation). My ONLY negative experience was that the drinks took a little longer than expected to make and serve, but honestly the overall experience was so great that it didn't bother anyone. I would certainly come back here again.We were visiting from DC and wanted to get authentic NOLA food. So glad we chose this place. We sat outside. The patio is really nice and the server was very attentive and friendly. He suggested we get the burrito to split which was a good idea because we definitely would not have been able to handle two burritos. We got one burrito, and one order of the banana pecan pancakes. Probably the best pancakes I've had in a minute. My only complaint is that the drinks were watered down and the woman who was inside when we first walked in was not friendly at all. We were the first ones there and we probably stood there for a bout 2minutes before she acknowledged us. Anyway, the food is amazing and I would suggest everyone go there.This was my first taste of New Orleans food on my first trip to the city.  I chose this place based on the reviews, and it did not disappoint.  
Again, based on the reviews, I started with the shrimp and grits.  This is one of my all-time favorite dishes, and I've tried them all over, including Savannah and Charleston.  The shrimp and grits at Dante's are flat-out the best I've ever had.  The grits are unbelievably creamy and they come topped with three huge shrimp (with the heads still on).  The seasoning on the shrimp was out of this world and the andouille gravy in the grits was delicious.  Get them.
I also ordered the "redfish on the half shell."  I was half a redfish filet topped with a crab and mint (?) mixture.  The fish was cooked perfectly, but lacked the Cajun punch I was hoping for.  The crab was cold, which was also a little disappointing.
Lastly, the server brought out a complimentary pan of molasses spooncake.  I'd read about it in the reviews and was looking forward to it.  It was absolutely delicious.  It's like a sweet, moist cornbread (minus the corn) topped with honey butter.  It comes out piping hot, brought to you in the little cast iron skillet it was cooked in.  A very unique and unforgettable side/dessert.
Go there for the shrimp and grits and the spooncake.  They're phenomenal.  The redfish left a little to be desired and it was pricey (spent $50 for myself only), but I would go back in a heartbeat.Wonderful, wonderful meal.  Just spent three days in New Orleans and, by far, this was the best meal I had in the city.  Granted, I have a very mild palate, so a lot of the spicy food did not appeal to me in general, but this was a top notch meal.  I had the chicken roasted under a brick and it was amazing.  It came on the bone, which I normally despise.  However, it was cut in such a way that it was easy to just eat meat while fiddling with the bone.  I don't know exactly how they cook it under a brick (I asked to have the brick, but they said it cost extra ;) ), but it turned out beautifully. I anticipated the egg and hash to give it a breakfasty feel...but it didn't.  It was ideal for dinner.  The only thing I did not like was the corn and peas with bacon side dish that I got.  It was a bit dense and smoky for my taste.  That notwithstanding, I highly recommend this restaurant if you're headed to New Orleans and looking for original cuisine.Go here.   
Went with two friends for brunch and we loved it.  Whatever you do, get the Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns.  Heaven.  I also had the debris and poached eggs which I could recommend and the alligator sausage was tasty as well.  My buds had the shrimp & grits and thoroughly enjoyed it (the shrimp were huge...I guess that's a thing in new orleans?) with the brunch beer they offered from New Zealand.  I will definitely be going back next time I'm in the city!Went during jazzfest to be away from the crowds. We got the redfish, Brussels, green beans, cheeseboard, lemon tart, chicken under brick and duck (4 people). Plus amazing dessert drink and complimentary molasses cornbread to start. All fantastic, wonderful service, great ambiance. We will return!One of the best meals I've had this year. The Chicken Under a Brick and Double Cut Pork Chops were outstanding, and all of the desserts were delicious as well. We dined at Antoine's, Galatoire's, and K-Pauls earlier in the week, and Dante's was at least the equal of every one of these. One little gripe...the bar area was very small and the bartender somewhat grumpy, but it's a small price to pay for a great meal.I found Dante's kitchen mentioned on a blog, after searching for farm to table restaurants in New Orleans. It's a bit of a hike from downtown, but well worth the trip, especially if you take St. Charles past Tulane and all the gorgeous homes along that stretch. But I digress. 
Drinks: definitely try their house-distilled spirits. I had the peanut bourbon and she had the coconut. Both were outstanding. We also did the absynth drip after dinner, which was really fun and sent us on our way with a great buzz. And it definitely created either intrigue or drink envy from the people around us! 
Apps: seared scallops. I loved them, cooked rare with just a slight sear and delicious flavoring around them. So fresh and perfect they could i'm sure be eaten as sushi. My girlfriend wasn't wild about how rare they were on the inside, with a temperature somewhere between cold & lukewarm. So depending on your preferences there you could love them or not, or ask for a longer sear. 
Entrees: I had what seems to be their most popular dish (but they were quick to point out that it's not their signature dish) in the chicken under a brick. I read lots of great reviews on it, and it definitely lived up to the hype, with a gorgeous piece of chicken on the bone, covered in a rich maple sauce and a potato cake with a fried egg over it on the side. Absolutely delicious. My girlfriend got the seafood stew. She liked it, but didn't love it. I think the dirty style sauce kind of overwhelmed the flavor of the seafood. 
Dessert: chocolate pudding. One word, amazing. 
This was a really fun and intimate dining experience, and one of the best we had in New Orleans. Go there if you're looking for something different in NoLa.Excellent service and food.  4 of us ate hear for coolinary (yes, I'm late with the review).  I've been wanting to return ever since.  A lot of the food is cruelty free and organic.  That's important to me.  The portions are enough that you are full or have leftovers to take home.  I appreciate that.  I hate to leave hungry because the portions are so small you need to order desert.  We had pork chop and the yellow curry fish.  Both delicious.Went there for brunch recently and anxious to go back. I got the tamales (off menu) - so good. Hoping they are part of the permanent menu SOON.my husband and i ate here when we were in town (my first visit to NOLA) because of all of the great reviews we read here.  we were both very glad we did!
the spoon bread was ok - if not for the maple syrup/butter combo, it would've been a little bland.
the chicken cooked under a brick was out of this world, seriously.  we've never had anything like it - savory, sweet, tender, juicy...perfect.  
our waiter suggested we try the grits so we did.  we live in the south, we've had our fair share of grits.  the grits at dante's were, hands down, the best we've ever had.  EVER.  cooked and seasoned to absolute perfection, super creamy, flat out delicious.  don't miss this.
i can't even remember what i had for dessert - something with meyer lemons - it was good, i remember that much - but i was so blown away by the chicken and the grits that everything else was a blur.Dante's was the best dining experience I have had in a very long time. The place is quaint and inviting. We had a large party so had a private room. Our waiter was friendly, fun and engaging. The food was soooooo amazing! The fried green tomatoes were ridiculously tasty, the creole tomato salad to die for with beefy tomatoes and delicious grilled cheese. Wine recommendation was on point. You can't go wrong here.Well worth the wait! We went for brunch on Sunday and while the wait was 40 minutes we sat on the quaint porch area with mimosas that rival all mimosas. Dante's is quirky, eclectic, casual. I loved it. Each room has it's own flavor. We ordered the homemade bisquits, I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of hashbrowns(breakfast potatoes) and there was a constant party in my mouth. The service left something to be desired, but i didn't care because the rest of the experience was so authentic new orleans.The best shrimp and grits in town! Done just do it. The cocktails are on point! The server was extremely warm and wonderful. The colors on the walls are bright and welcoming.  I will be going back every time I'm in NoLa!Incredible food. Ordered the pork tacos and they were delicious!  The bartender makes a mean iced Irish coffee as well. Great atmosphere, highly recommend!Always good. The brandy milk punch is one of my favorite drinks in New Orleans, and a great addition to any brunch. We got there as they were opening at 10:30, and a long line was already forming. Despite this, our party of four was seated promptly, and well fed and out the door within an hour.Had an excellent meal here.  Service was spot-on.  Do not miss the "chicken under a brick" dish!My friend brought me here on my visit to NOLA - my favorite thing to eat for breakfast is a simplified Eggs Benedict...
So I ordered a side of poached eggs & the biscuits, which came with homemade butter and homemade fig jam...
I just about died happy. Fantastic.
& like others have said, the place is adorable, in a little converted house.Cool atmosphere, the service was great. We ordered the Escargot, Redfish with Crab & Citrus Salad , & the Crispy Confit Pork Steak. One of the best pork steaks I've had in the city.  The courtyard is nice, as well the small, but intimate interior dining area. No need to go on about it, this place is worth the trip.Great food, good service, cool ambiance.  Our server was very friendly, professional, and attentive.  The complimentary molasses spoon bread is seriously delicious. Wide selection of drinks and fancy cocktails. Don't discount the punch! In my mind punch is synonymous to jungle juice from the college days, but this was way more sophisticated.  They make a different concoction daily - ask about it! Steamed mussels were decent. Shrimp and grits were super creamy and rich. Not sure how it compares to others in the area, but it was pretty satisfying in my opinion. Fish on the half shell tasted fresh and clean and prepared well.  We greatly enjoyed the warm, cozy feel of this restaurant with the low lighting and separate rooms. It must have been a residence in its former life.  It was a little too cold to sit outside, but the courtyard/patio seating looks very inviting as well. Definitely recommend for a nice, romantic date or even a group.This should be our favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Everything we ate was a culinary masterpiece. The fusion of delicate flavors inspired meditative silence! Dante's has the best food in town! Then why just five stars? There are two very important aspects of our dining experience Dante's must fix. First, the bar is truly an after thought. My husband ordered a rum and coke and the waiter (they had no bartender) didn't know how to make it properly. Then they end up charging us over 10 bucks for the rum and a few bucks for the coke! There is nothing worse that an over priced bad drink! Secondly, we had to sit in front of that same bar because they were not using a perfectly nice side room though it was a crowded Friday night. The seating in this space between the front door and bar was uncomfortably snug and didn't feel like it should be used at all. Please fix this Dante's Kitchen! We want to make you our favorite restaurant.Fantastic location -  just take the street car and stroll a couple of blocks to find it.
Amazing food - locally grown focus and well thought out innovative dishes but also strong classic dishes that make your mouth water 
Original drinks - try one of their own concoctions to tantalize your tastebuds
Friendly, relaxed atmosphere. 
I'd go again in a heartbeat.Food was ok, service was terrible. Way too understaffed. Two tables sat after us, ate, and received their check before we got our food. Their $3 side of fruit was comprised of 5 little grapes, two itty bitty cubes of watermelon and 1/16 of an orange.... seriously.Food is pretty damn good! Servers could be better though. Everyone seems kinda lost working there. Bloody Mary's are amazing. I had the crab and Brie which was kinda short on the Brie side. Alligator sausage with pepper jelly is to die for!!Great food with local ingredients done up in unique ways. I would have given it 5 stars had it not been for the leaky a/c vent over our table and lack of bathroom space (only ONE bathroom).  Parking can also be a challenge if you're not familiar with the area.Sit back and have a drink with friends on the porch while you wait for a table for Sunday Brunch.  The food never disappoints and the staff, in my experience, is very knowledgeable of the menu.
If you have a group share the giant bacon cinnamon bun!Huge disappointment! We've been here before and we're blown away. So decided to bring some friends here & were completely embarrassed. First off,  after drinks were ordered, it took at least 30 minutes after we were seated. Mind you, there were only 3 other tables occupied when we arrived. We ordered drinks again after our appetizers, and drinks were delivered 30 minutes later, when we were almost done with our entrees. We all ordered the red fish topped with crabmeat. We all received the smallest redfish known to man with maybe a half teaspoon of crabmeat-pitiful. We won't be back.This place is amazing - the people, the food, the bar mixology. We were here for brunch - skip the local tourist place close by and really enjoy an awesome local experience.Delicious! One of the best brunch meals we've ever had! I got the steak and eggs, fiancé got a pork dish, our friends got a pork tenderloin special. Everything was fresh and service was great. The mimosas were tasty as well. Will go back next time we are in town.Prior to Katrina, this was *the* place I'd go to for Sunday brunch. They have a HEAVENLY HASH dish that's awesome and the EGGS BENEDICT was fantastic. I don't know if they're open now but if they are, you've got to go.
They have a fantastic sunny patio with all kinds of plants so you feel like you're in someone's backyard. The service is friendly and attentive but you may have to wait a little while if you come primetime for brunch. 
Ahhhh.... to be in that patio with a mimosa right now!The best duck that I have ever eaten.  It is delicious!One of my New Orleans favorites. Brunch or dinner. Progressive takes on southern cuisine. Low key they have an amazing bar program-get the punch!!We held a corporate dinner here for a party of fifteen in a room by itself and was a huge success during a busy conference event!Always good food. Creative menu with New Orleans flair and wonderful cocktails. Recommend the fish dishes or chicken under a brick or the trio of steaks. Make sure you try some of the interesting and delicious appetizers too.I need another star for this place because 5 just doesn't do it. Dante's Kitchen was one of the best meals we have had anywhere, ever. Read my reviews and you know I do not say that lightly. Everything was perfection, starting with the cocktails unique to Dante's, served in the outdoor garden on a beautiful February evening. We ordered three appetizers for four people. The shrimp and grits, a southern staple, was superb - the grits the creamiest ever, the shrimp in tangy bbq sauce. we tried several other shrimp-and-grits while in NOLA this trip and none came close to Dante's. The cheese plate was top notch. The mussels yummy. We almost didn't care if our entree's arrived because we were loving these apps so much.  
Two of us ordered the tres mignon and two the chicken under a brick. I have never had better of either - both prepared perfectly. The chicken soooo moist.  Each of the three mignon's prepared flawlessly.
For dessert we had the ultimate chocolate (might've been TOO rich - is that even a thing?) and the deconstructed key lime pie with homemade graham crackers. The only complaint is that the recipients wanted twice as many graham crackers because the custard was so good.
Dante's Kitchen is uptown and it took us about 40 minutes to get there by cab from downtown, so plan accordingly. Our server didn't love her job, wasn't that friendly or enthusiastic, but the food and overall ambiance was worth the experience for this caliber of a meal.Went for dinner on Jazz fest weekend: Food was great! I particularly loved the shrimp and grits and chicken under a brick. The strawberry bread pudding was excellent! But probably the best part of the night was the amazing service. Luis was our waiter and he provided service on par with Michelin star restaurants. Quite superb.We had a great meal here with a great group of friends.  The foundation of the meals greatness had more to do with the service, company and ambiance than food however.
It was our last meal in town and by this time my vegetarian diet was completely in ruins.  I ate the collard greens (with sausage).  I had better w/o sausage at the Fest.  I tried a bite of the "medium rare" pork loin- it was dry- a pity.  My fish (almondine) was OK.  Others liked their different fish dishes.  The molten cake with port ice cream was fabulous.  The beer selection sad.
It was refreshing to be served by bright eyed college types in a nice garden atmosphere.while the food was good enough, the service was seriously lacking. we were really looking forward to this dinner for our first night in New Orleans and it turned out to be the worst by far. our server was totally detached, socializing with a friend at another table almost the whole time we were there and just seemed uncomfortable in general. I had the red fish, which was excellent, but it came with a salad of mint and dill that was not a match at all. my boyfriend had the duck, which was also excellent but again, the service just took the whole experience way down for us. we had the butterscotch pudding with salted whipped cream for dessert and it was not good. actually tasted like caramel, not even remotely butterscotch, and eaten alone, the whipped cream was completely over whipped to the point of tasting like butter. of all the great options in New Orleans, this isn't worth the money at all. we ate at commanders palace and arnaud's for less and the service was impeccable! the atmosphere is also confused. trying to be traditional/hipster/country garden all at the same time. it just doesn't work.Very welcoming staff.  The host recommended a fantastic 2000 Valipocella  to enjoy while we waited for our table -15 minutes.  
Food was awesome!  Whole speckled trout, beans with beats and  bacon, with cornbread. Great salad for first course.  Damn that food good!
Good for date or business dinner with right client (not for your Morton's guy).  Also think this space is more conducive to smaller groups 2- 6.
I was impressed our waitress knows her way around the wine list and recommended a nice 2nd bottle from Spain that really complimented our dinner. I will be back!If you need a break from the madness of the French Quarter, Dante's Kitchen is the perfect antidote.  It's also a good excuse to take a slow ride on the St. Charles streetcar line - pay your $1.25 and hop on one of the vintage streetcars just south of the French Quarter.  You'll catch the sights and work up a good appetite as the streetcar lumbers along at maybe 10 MPH.  Jump off at the S. Carrolton / Maple St. stop, then walk northwest on Maple a couple short blocks.  When you get to Dante St., the restaurant will be a short jog left, on the far side of the street in what is surely an old house.
The restaurant is as cozy as can be - dimly lit and a nice choice for a couple's night out.  We were seated in what looked like an old sunroom across from the bar.  The server arrived quickly to take our drink order.  There were some nice craft beers on tap, including Mikkeler Evil Twin, as well as some refreshing iced tea.  As we waited, we marveled at what looked like jars of homemade canned vegetables, lined up in a shelf over our heads.  
The meal starts out with a complimentary serving of what they call spoonbread - a luxurious take on the humble cornbread, served in a mini skillet.  Very tasty.  I ordered the charcuterie, which I customized by ordering the kinds of meat I wanted.  Everything was homemade and very good.  I then went for one of the small plates, a Vietnamese inspired dish called Thit Kho with braised pork belly.  I was stoked about the fresh, vibrant flavor, and the portion size was more than fair for a "small plate".
I'm glad I went small, because my companion ordered the double cut pork chop, which was very generously sized and more than the average person could finish, in my opinion.  The large cut worked out to my benefit as I happily gobbled down the excess.  I also sampled my companion's brussels sprouts, which I generally loathe, but these were actually pretty good.  Unless you have a huge appetite, I think a good strategy for Dante's is to order one main course to share and a couple small plates or sides.  I saw other diners boxing up their leftovers to take home, which is another good option.  I doubt you'll leave Dante's hungry.
If you found the streetcar ride intolerably slow, a taxi will get you back to the French  Quarter much faster for around $15.  Ask the restaurant to call one for you.I love love love this restaurant!
Went to Dante's New Year's Day with a date that was in from out of town.  His first 2 picks were closed so I suggested Dante's.  Neal, the manager, was awesome!  We didn't have reservations, but he worked things out for us anyway.  Bless him for it!
Cozy table in the first room, watched the bartender artiste, & listened to quiet classic rock.  Date was already thrilled....and then we saw the menu!
Holy cow!  I love that it changes, the "No cell phones & diets" request is perfect!  We went nuts: shrimp & grits (almost too gorgeous to eat, but we gave in!), pork steak w/ collard greens (no need for a knife-heaven!) & trois mignons (delicious, savory, perfect!)!  Mexican chocolate cup for desert...nectar of the gods!
So not only was the meal A-mazing! It was the best first date ever, nothing like fantastic food & ambiance to get the ball rolling.
So...Dante's...do you do wedding receptions?!?Every year I spend the Independence Day holiday in New Orleans with a group of my girls, this year was no different. Though, when the excursions to New Orleans for this exciting weekend began in 2004, there was more partying and less relaxing and enjoying the local scene. The weekend always is centered around a great event that Essence Magazine hosts every year, the Essence Music Festival. Now that we have been there and done the crazy parties, this year we decided to change it up. Don't get me wrong we are up for a party if we feel the need. What I mean, is we finally got tired of doing the Essence Music Festival the same year every year. We would do the same things, eat the same things and hang out in the same areas.
This year we decided, to skip the parties and focus on enjoying New Orleans. Rather than getting our beignets from Cafe Du Monde in a bag to go; we sat down and enjoyed them and enjoyed the music and the crowd.
And the main change that we made was to dedicate an evening to leave the city center and enjoy a great dinner. After doing a little research on yelp.com. I stumbled upon this little restaurant in the Garden District called Dante's Kitchen.
Dante's Kitchen is a quaint restaurant situated on what appears to be a neighborhood street, in the Garden District of New Orleans, not too far from Tulane University, 736 Dante St
New Orleans, LA 70118. The night that we had reservations for, was completely booked, we were seated by the door and could hear the owner/host telling the walk ins that he couldn't accommodate them...great sign for us. So I started with a mojito, hey I'm in NOLA! But rather than a traditional mojito, I had a blueberry variation, that was delicious.
Dante's service is great, our waiter made great suggestions for us. I started with the Grilled Shrimp and Stoneground Grits. I had had shrimp with the heads on, so that didn't turn me off at all, and the grits were perfect. So perfect I cooked my own version of a recipe I found on line when I returned home, check out my handy work. In the typical southern fashion, Dante's serves cornbread in a miniature cast iron skillet. But in not so typical fashion the cornbread is a molasses cornbread with honey butter on top. In a word...YUM!! In fact the couple next to us didn't eat theirs and we overheard the owner asking about it, and we said, if they don't want it we will take it. He thought we were joking.
Next for the entree, we decided to get the Roasted Chicken Under a Brick, it was served with a potato hash, with a fried egg. This entree was delicious, the chicken had some sort of sweet seasoning, and when I broke the yoke on the egg, it mixed with the chicken jus and made a great sauce. The potatoes had a little bit of bacon, added to it. everything went together very well. I was apprehensive of the egg, but it worked. And as you can see the portions are not skimpy, but quality is not sacrificed for quantity.
Dante's prides themselves on cooking local products, and so not only is the food down home elegance, so is their hospitality. The owner/host had the cab called and walked us to our cab at the end of the evening. What a great night.
The weekend was about, music, family, friendships, food, and FUN, if you are up for it we will be in NOLA next year, same time same place, new restaurant visits.
Taste big Dream Bigger
FoodieengineerFood was just okay. I started with the biscuits, the mango and passion fruit jam was delicious. I am SMUCKERS Strawberry Preserve kinda girl, and I was pleasantly surprised by how good the jam was. For my main course I got the carnitas burrito, it was flavorful and eggs were cooked well, but it was just meh. I wouldn't tell my mom to try it when she comes down to visit. Service was pretty par. This was my first time visiting Dante's, the coffee was room temp. The server was constantly checking on his other tables but hardly ever came to ours. He freely brought refills to other tables, but I had to ask for mine. He was helpful with the menu selections but overall did not meet the service standard other NOLA restaurants have.90% local ingredients.
The bloody Mary's were great with a lot of horseradish. I loved the gravlox on a biscuit. The bacon cinnamon roll was amazing. Could have eaten the whole thing but glad I didn't. 
Would love to come back and try the rest of the menu.Went last night on a slow Monday night.  The food was solid but the service was a bit uneven given the slow pace to start the night.  I'll set the scene:
Part right out front on a narrow neighborhood street.  Walk in the restaurant and stand there for two minutes while the bartender, waiters, and the like buzz around.  Finally, after ambling over to where I think the hostess stand is, somebody offers to help me.  I get seated inside (choice of light or dark) and begin the waiting game.  
It's NOLA and it's a laid back town (I've lived in laid back locales like Hawaii & San Diego so I get it), but when folks get there spoon bread who were sat after I ordered, I have to speak up.
My escargot cherry got squeezed here, dug into a trench of bone marrow and well done bread.  The shrimp and grits was solid but not epic (no Hominy Grill in Charleston, SC).  The brussel sprouts were a bit disappointing - the croutons seemed out of place and they were not well balanced with the rest of the ingredients in the dish.
My server was a friendly, Seth Rogan doppelganger sort who seemed awfully friendly but I did not get many chances to converse with the fine gentleman.  I'd come back but I think there are many other small bungalow style places equal to the charm of Dante's Kitchen in NOLA.Gosh.  5+ stars.  I was on vacation when my girlfriend and I went here, and I would recommend it to my friends if they were traveling to Nola hands down.
We started with the shrimp and grits which was a-maz-ing.  Somewhat buttery grits with shrimp that were absolutely perfect.  A wonderful start to a perfect meal.
Secondly, the spoon bread which they give you is like a molasses tasting bread with corn bread consistency.  It is on the house, and one of the best house-bread I have ever had.
For the main course, I had the brick chicken, which was about the best baked chicken I have ever had.  Nice citrusy fatty crunch to it which was great.  My significant other had a red snapper with a type of very fun salad.
Needless to say, if we are in the area again, we will be there!I must have come on a bad day because I was very disappointed. I had heard about Dante's kitchen for a long time and have wanted to try it for a long time. Here's a list of disappointments:
1. My omelet had fresh crab...and lots of tiny pieces of shell. I was picking them out of my mouth constantly.
2. I asked for no onions on said omelet and got onions.
2.5 The omelet was cold. (No, I am not just being a b!tch, all these things really were wrong with the omelet!)
3. The blood orange mimosa (at $9, or $1 more than the regular orange juice mimosa) contained basically no blood orange juice. I was pondering why I paid that extra $1 for a teaspoon of juice.
4. A cinnamon bun mysteriously appeared on our table. We were wondering if it was the restaurant's version of a bread basket. As we contemplated whether to dig in, it was taken away since it was for another table.
5. My friend ordered hash browns and got grits. He had ordered the beef tenderloin (filet mignon) and the pieces were tiny, just a couple bites, though this was not totally unexpected at the price.
6. They have an unusual practice (for brunch) of pricing their entrees with no sides. Sides must be ordered separately, at ~$3 each (e.g. a muffin). Entree prices are around $10-$12 and with those $9 "blood orange" mimosas and a $3 side, it adds up.
Just based on all the crab shell in my omelet, never again!We were vacationing in New Orleans for a few days and we were planning on going to Jacques-Imo's for dinner on Wednesday, 8/8/12, but they were closed for what looked like renovations. Someone walking by Jacques-Imo's saw our depressed faces and recommended we go to Dante's Kitchen. So we headed on down that way while my brother checked Yelp to see the reviews of Dante's. The reviews looked good so we took a chance and we were so glad we did.
Dante's Kitchen is in an cute little house with intimate lighting and homey decor. It's kind of hidden, honestly if we drove by and weren't looking for it, we might not have noticed it. 
There were three of us and we shared:
Appetizer- scallops and the duck crepe
Main course- brick chicken and the 3 medallion filet mignons
Dessert- blueberry rice waffle and buttermilk pie
Every thing was absolutely delicious. Our favorites were the duck crepe and the buttermilk pie, but everything was so amazing. The meals are definitely big enough to share. I have already recommended this place to anyone that will listen. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll definitely be coming back.I've been here for brunch 3 or 4 times. Let me tell you one thing - get there early (there are no reservations at brunch) and order the Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns. You will not be disappointed.
For this past Easter/my birthday we were seated around 11:30 - it opens at 10:30 - and promptly ordered three Sticky Buns. One hour after opening they only had one left. ONE HOUR.
Other items I've tried:
Steak and Eggs ($12.50) grilled tenderloin with poached eggs topped with a bernaise sauce and served over hash browns 
BLT&E ($10.5) crisp pork belly, arugula, and local tomato with a fried egg
Roasted Banana Pecan Pancakes ($9) with Smith Creamery butter and cane syrup 
The first time I got the BLT&E the pork belly was more like bacon/ham. The second time it was a big slap of belly. The Steak and Eggs are to die for. I suggest each member of your party eating a Sticky Bun then splitting a main dish. Or you can just bring the sticky bun home and eat if after your food induced coma.This is easily one of the best restaurants in Uptown. My wife and I have come here a couple of times, most recently for Valentine's Day, and we are never disappointed. They serve an amazing spoon bread and I highly recommend the shrimp and grits. The bartenders are quite good as well, as the most recent visit had me try a gin cocktail that had this gin non-fan impressed.Consistently excellent food and service.  We have mostly eaten breakfast here, but recently had dinner.  I ordered some "small plates", every bite of which was pure heaven.  Crab and corn soup, a salad wedge (half a head of butter leaf lettuce with bacon bits and blue cheese dressing), and grits with shrimp.  We shared an order of scallops between 3 people and had to take some of it home.  Our experience here over the last ten years has been nothing but great.I was sadly disappointed tonight.  On previous trips, the meal was absolutely perfect. Tonight, we left with much to be desired. The service was decent, but the food was almost inedible.  We had the Chicken Under a Brick.  It was so spicy that we could not finish it.  The egg was overcooked, and the potatoes were undercooked.  I was embarrassed that I recommended this place to my friends. Such a disappointment.  Hopefully, tonight was an off night.I visited this place over the Thanksgiving holiday with a few friends, and it was phenomenal!  The decor makes you feel as if you are in an actual kitchen....down to the dishrags as napkins.  The atmosphere was very inviting and cozy.  We began with the prosciutto appetizer, and of course it was delicious.  I had the maple glazed chicken...came with a bacon and potato cake covered with a perfectly cooked egg.  The yolk broke over the potato cake like a smooth flowing sauce.  If you want a great dining experience, definitely try Dante's. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Recommendations are highly suggested.My wife and I had dinner at Dante's Kitchen on 11/15/13. We were there to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary, and this restaurant did not disappoint! I had the chicken under a brick, which was delicious. I rarely order chicken when eating out, but I was glad that I did this time. My wife had the drum, which was wonderful also.
If you are looking for a nice place that is a little bit away from the hustle of the French Quarter give Dante's a try.Beautiful outdoor seating area, friendly but not overbearing service.  My absolute favorite thing was the escargot served in a sauce of basil, vermouth and goat cheese.  I would go back again and again for that dish.  We also got the Heads and Tails, very cute name and very tasty dish (hogshead cheese and braised oxtails).  Beets and greens we ordered as sides were wonderful, simple but somehow unique.
Braised pork belly not as great as I had anticipated but the pork steak confit was even better.  Redfish served with soft herbs and crabmeat was delicate and lovely.  At first I thought the very pretty profusion of herbs would be over the top flavor-wise but it wasn't.  Too full for dessert although nothing really jumped out at me either.  One of my more memorable meals this year.Fun place in a cool spot. Food was overall fine. A bit salty but I think that's normal for the area as everything we had in the city was salty. We had gumbo followed by brick chicken and pork chop. both were overly sweet but good. I couldn't finish the chicken because the sweetness was too much.Dante's Kitchen definitely worth my while to wake up early took public transit from our hotel downtown to beat the crowd! We arrived before the restaurant opened and able to get a table with no problem!
Here I able to sample a few of New Orlean's classic that I hardly able to indulge when I am in Toronto... well seasoned Southern Comfort food!
We shared:
- Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns ($4)
- Buttermilk Biscuits ($3)
- Confit Pork Steak with hash browns, fried egg, seasonal chutney ($13)
- Skillet Corned Beef Hash & fried eggs, horseradish cream ($13)
- Grilled Shrimp and Grits served with an andouille red eye gravy ($13)(oh so delicious!) 
- Alligator Sausage ($3) tastes like pork :)
And I found my favourite "breakfast" drink: Brandy Milk Punch ($6.50). I feel healthy and complete drinking this. I would have drink a lot more milk in this format and the freshly grounded nutmeg add so much texture make it feels like an energy drink!I'm not sure what the rave is all about with this chicken under the brick thing...  but I did not like it.  It was loaded with salt; and it was pretty much a half of a whole chicken--way too big; and I like my portions big.  I really liked my friend's red fish.  It was delish and perfectly cooked; did not taste like fish at all.  Service was good, but I took a hit with going with what everyone else was raving about here on Yelp...  not doing the chicken brick thang when I go back.Wow! A sunny day & Dante's Kitchen on the outside patio. A perfect combination!!
John was our server on the patio. Lackluster at best. Not an example for his coworkers to follow. In fact, he should take the lead from them in courtesy, promptness and politeness. 
I ordered the grilled banana pecan pancakes with a side of grits and ham steak. Oh, and a mimosa...of course!The most amazing meal we have ever had!!  Service was fantastic.  Started with the grits (off the hook) and a spicy tomato soup that was the best I have ever had.  Chicken under brick is an obligation.-the sauce and spices are continuous and wonderful.  Don't fill up on the bread, or you will miss the desserts. Peach and blueberry pie was complemented by cream cheese sorbet. Wine selection was good and very well priced . We had three drinks, two apps. Two vegetable sides, two entrees and two desserts for $127.  Should have been easily $200 anywhere else. We will be going back for brunch!!Excellent place for brunch!  Awesome Bloody Marys, with veggies grown in-house.  Everything we've had was absolutely delicious.  The latest version of Grilled shrimp and cheese grits are the bomb!We had the Shrimp & Grits followed by the Chicken and Crawfish. It was excellent!I'm not sure if their food is "Cajun/Creole", but my boyfriend and I had a great dinner. Their molasses cornbread is amazing!!!Overpriced, small menu, great grits but terrible bread pudding. I did not bookmark them and won't be returning.We've been here several times for brunch, probably because that's the time that our kids do their best eating out.
Personal favorites:
bacon sticky bun
shrimp and grits
steak and eggs
debris and poached eggs
The bread pudding french toast wasn't our favorite, but that's mainly because there are so many other fabulous things to eat.
Easily our favorite brunch in NOLA!Dante's Kitchen was the surprise food star of this trip. After all the hype around its neighbor, Brigtsen's (see my earlier review), I was expecting a good meal, but nothing over the top. Boy, was I wrong. This place is fantastic! First of all, love the vibe inside - they have an adorable outside patio for warmer weather, and the interior where we dined is in a cute house with a contemporary feeling. Because all of the choices looked so good, we went for a bunch of small plates for dinner. The thing I especially appreciated was how the chef took inspiration from New Orleans cuisine but put his own twist on it. The dish I'm still obsessing over is the kale and lentils - admittedly not a very Southern dish - but he made it so by doing the old trick of putting small pieces of meat in to season the veggies. (Sorry vegetarians.) The cocktails were also excellent - a good selection of specialty drinks from the bar. Dante's Kitchen has easily become a family favorite.I wish I'd written a review shortly after visiting here, because the details are a little fuzzy. We loved this place. The atmosphere was great, the food was outstanding, and the staff was super friendly. It wasn't cheap, but certainly for the quality of the experience it wasn't expensive.
Both my wife and I were thrilled with our entrees. I do recall I had the 3 petite filet mignon's. Each came with a different topping. It was to die for. Also, our cocktails were fabulous. They had a large variety of small batch bourbons that I'd never had before, and I asked for the waitress to bring me the bartender's recommendation served neat. I was thrilled that they didn't just take the opportunity to serve me the most expensive bourbon on their shelves, but rather surprised me with Buffalo Trace, which I'd never had, and is very nice and on the low end of the price scale for a glass of bourbon.
I'd like to say I'd definitely come here again, and maybe I will... but New Orleans is known for its food, and I've only been once in my life. Dante's lived up to the New Orleans cuisine hype!I just love the food here.  It is rich but not overwhelming.  The drinks are to die for.  The atmosphere is charming and not at all stuffy.   All around I think this is my favorite restaurant in NOLA.Food is DiVine! Melts in your mouth it's so good. We had the Chicken under Brick and Trois Melange (steak/filet mignon) and it was beyond terrific. I love it when good food tastes so heavenly. Highly recommend it.What a cute place this is! 
Lots of brightly colored walls (the color made me a bit nostalgic--if you check out the pictures I've posted of Dante's Kitchen, you'll see the same shade of yellow my dad--RIP--painted my teenage bedroom when I asked for "pale" yellow) 
Lots of happy shiny people (probably happy because they snagged a seat at this first-come, first serve brunch). Our server was equally bright and peppy. I love it when you order food and they reply with "good choice" or "that's one of my favorites" (I'm easy). 
I ordered the BLT&E, a sort of upgraded BLT made with crisp pork belly, arugula, and local tomato with a fried egg, which was runny enough to create a sauce of sorts. I ordered it without the mayo. I think they may have been out of arugula, because the L tasted more like spinach, but no matter, it was delish! I really loved the foccacia bread it was served on--so soft and buttery. 
Oh, I almost forgot to mention the slightly spicy bloody mary I enjoyed (how could I forget that?), which was full of those pickled things I like so much.Very nice, cozy spot in a residential neighborhood near the river in the Carrollton area.  Intimate and very pleasant.
We went here for brunch and really enjoyed it.
Started with a Bloody Mary that was a bit watered down but good nonetheless.
For my entree I had the eggs and hash. Mmmmmm.  Very good.  It was a bit oily in the  mini hot skillet but only added to the taste.  Hey... it's New Orleans so nothing expected for a healthy alternative!
A side of incredibly delicious biscuits made the meal complete.
There's inside and outside patio seating.
I'll hold this out for another visit because it's good!So... Being an native of the Houston I am on the hunt for a bottomless mimosa to rival that of Farago for Sunday mornings. 
Searching online if found Dante's.  The mimosa were strong for Sunday brunch.  Which was great news since there is ALWAYS over a 30minute wait for a table.  
The wait is WELL worth it.  Even in the hot humid days of the summer in NOLA.  I wish someone would tell the owner to start the bottomless mimosa and I would go EVERY Sunday!  The bloody mary was just ok and the milk punch was odd
The specials are mouth watering!  The last special I had was an egg over pork.  It was amazing to say the least.  The eggs Benedict was wonderful as well.  The banana pancakes were tastery with large pieces of fruit and nuts. The biscuts are fluffy and I enjoy that then tend to be the base of some of the most flavorful plates.  I would suggest yall to pass on the sausage it was bland and over cooked. 
The service takes a long while so it is best to go with someone who is a joy to visit with.  
I was impressed with the overall maintenance of the establishment.  The sanitization standards seems to be good however the kitchen is tucked away and I have been unable to investigate further. 
I have yet to visit to dinner but I plan to soon.Dante's is a small and quaint restaurant that serves up southern fare with organic and fresh ingredients. My friend and I shared the mussels and shrimp and grits from the small plates menu and we were already stuffed from that. We had our entrees coming still! We asked the waiter if we could cancel one of our entree order because we felt that we over ordered. They were extremely nice about it and honored our request. We had the roasted duck with fennel salad, and it was delicious. The duck meat was juicy and tender and the fennel salad was light with a nice citrus dressing. I hear that breakfast is great here, will have to come back for brunch next time!An great destination restaurant for tourists who want to escape the French Quarter for an excellent meal. We had no trouble getting to the restaurant by taking the St. Charles Streetcar line. I had the roasted duck breast and my wife had the chicken roasted under a brick, both of which were outstanding. We were also very pleased with the service.Had Sunday brunch here.. It was amazing! The place always stays packed. If possible, call ahead to make reservations. Their bloody marys are excellent. They actually pickle their own green beans and okras. One of the best bloody marys I've had. Ate a few things off the menu and everything was excellent.Fantastic as always! Service is consistently friendly and knowledgeable. Quality of ingredients and cooking technique are always top notch with a home style feel.This place was amazing!  It's off the beaten path if you're staying in the french quarter BUT you can take the trolly which was fun.  I had the cornbeef and potatoes and my boyfriend had the shrimp grits (which he was making fun of me for raving about until he had them).  AND WOW!  The shrimp grits was so freaking good I think I cried...because as wonderful as the cornbeef was and as perfectly beautiful as my eggs were poached, his dish was truly divine.  Lucky for me, we love to share food so I got my fill of both.  Oh...and the spicy bloodys were good too!Oh Dear God! Make plans to do brunch here. Serious. It's great. We had the debris w poached eggs, the french toast, grits, duck fat hash browns & veggie omlette. This brunch is what dreams are made of. (I wanted to lick the plate that the french toast came on!) Put this place on your New Orleans itinerary of places to eat.I just adore Dante's Kitchen. It's the quintessential uptown restaurant, right by the river, so peaceful. I love eating out in the backyard with the trees and the lights. This is my idea of good food with a Cajun twist.
The only thing you need to know: CHICKEN UNDER A BRICK... A staple at Dante's and undeniably one of the best dishes. I've never been disappointed with it. It is so savory and sweet at the same time -- nothing short of amazing. 
They start you with warm gooey spoon bread -- it tastes like corn bread with magic inside. It holds you over when the food takes a while to come out. The local farm vegetable plate is an unlikely home run! Get lucky if they have turnips in season ;)This place is a hidden treasure. We stayed at a airbnb and they reco'd this place. Thank Goodness we went because everything was delicious and reminded me of Bay Area type brunch spots. Almost everything is local and or organic and you can tell by the taste...quality and lots of flavor. Employees were super sweet as well and very attentive. 
I ordered the banana pecan pancakes and my friends ordered the crab and brie omelette and veggie omelette. They raved about their dishes as well!
It was definitely a great feeling to be away from all the trendy overpriced places at the French Quarter and support the small local places away from the madness where you understand the price you pay is for the quality of food not the "famous" name! Loved it Loved it Loved it! We tried to go again but had a late night so started our day a little too late lol Oh well, another reason to come back to NOLA!Came last night for dinner with husband and two year old daughter. we made last second reservations and were accommodated quite easily as it was a Monday night and raining. We were Seated promptly and I enjoyed a fantastic although pricey libation called the thar she blows.  A strong gin and rum based tiki drink served in a giant head, totally worth every penny. Husband had a glass of french white wine which he said was good and complemented his meal. While they don't offer a kids menu our server offered to make our daughter non spicy shrimp and grits although we opted to just share our plates with her. Meal started with their delicious spoon bread and then probably the best starter we have had in a long time escargot with bone marrow, WOW!!!!! This dish puts all other bone marrow dishes and escargot dishes to shame. You wouldn't think it would work but it does beautifully. We also shared a cup of corn and crab soup which was also very nice. For mains I had the always fantastic chicken under a brick, it is half a chicken rubbed with spicy creole spices and broiled under a hot brick then served with a fried egg which you break to mix with the spicy chicken, Awesome! Hubby had the grilled gulf fish which was Amber jack served with dirty rice and bell pepper sauce, significantly lighter but very nice. Service was attentive but not stuffy and clientele were all dressed casually upscale. We have brought our daughter here before and saw another couple with a child. Disclaimer, this is not a Cracker Barrel and there are no crayons and kids menu this is an upscale restaurant that will accommodate families with well behaved children. There were no screaming kids or anyone running around so please make sure your kids can sit down in their chair or high chair and behave well before bringing them.We decided to stay away from the over priced and dressy French Quarter restaurants and head in the opposite direction, and boy, am I glad we did.The reviews for Dante's kitchen were spot on. I had the BBQ shrimp over grits which was just heavenly. The chicken cooked under a brick with egg was excellent. The chicken was very moist and the sauce was a combination of sweet ( honey ? ) and some spice that gave it a slight kick. ( which I could not figure out ). The maple honey cornbread was a treat in itself. My wife had the" tres mignons" with a silton sauce and debries ( like a pulled pork ) which she raved about. Our waiter was attentive and service was excellent. I agree with others that this was our best meal in NOLA. Do make a reservation as it is an old converted home and not very large.I turn to Dante's Kitchen whenever I need a great meal that will impress my friends.  I brought a group of visitors there this week.  We ordered scallops and shrimp and grits as apps.  The shrimp are always cooked beautifully.  I wish they would bring back the bbq shrimp appetizer.  The duck entre was delicious, too.
My only comment would be -- I wish the large room in the back for groups of 6-8 people had the same intimate ambiance as the rest of the place.  
I love Dante's Kitchen.
(review from 21/11/11)It pains me to write this update as Dante's was one of my favorites, but the negatives that irked me the last time I wrote a review now far outweigh the taste of the food. Once again, it took FOREVER to get our entrees. A good hour between apps and mains. No one adressed it, apologized, etc. Their famous spoonbread came out with our apps, but we saw another couple who didn't get it until right before the end of the meal and some people had theirs with their drinks.
In addition, there is a man who works there who was just plain rude and grumpy. I don't know if he was having a bad day or what but he came by our table twice to refill water/drop food off and couldn't be bothered to say "you're welcome" when we said thank you or even pretend like he wouldn't rather be anywhere else. The almost $40 cab ride to/from the French Quarter isn't worth it (you can take the streetcar, but they were doing work on it when we were there). Also, stay away from the Charred Bread app. It comes with burnt bread and three TINY little sides of essentially two relishes and an anchovy fillet. They don't mention the anchovy and I'm allergic, so I couldn't even eat part of it. Such a disappointment. There are so many delicious restaurants in NoLa, don't waste your time here.Dante's Kitchen is worth the trip out to its location, approximately 10 to 15 minutes outside of the French Quarter.
Dante's is located in a residential neighborhood and is situated inside a house.  There is a bar in the front room and at least 4 dining rooms, which makes for a cozy dining experience.  
All meals also start off with a serving of their spoonbread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#L1vw26Dg8yutDMVoNIamIQ).  It arrived piping hot with a nice crust and tender crumb.  
We started off with several appetizers - the steamed mussels, beef cheeks and the shrimp and grits.  The mussels were plump and juicy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#-oWF4_nZeTgBRKgx-BGl4A).  The bread was definitely needed to sop up the broth.  The braised beef cheeks came with celery root puree and an apple and celery salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#NDoQjEeQiMw9WdOkMJ-HVw).  It was good but nothing that stood out to me.  The meet was tender and pair well with the strong flavors from the celery and celery root.  The shrimp and grits (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#mptYtfnGFhfKGK_rzvcWvw) were outstanding.  Four plump shrimp on creamy grits with a red eye gravy.  This was my favorite dish of the meal as the shrimp was perfectly cooked and the sauce was full of flavor.  It's one of those dishes were I could have easily eaten another serving.
For my main course I ordered the chicken under a brick, which came with a fried egg and a potato and bacon has cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#rzbjtYDZB5IL3tiP2xqG4w).  The chicken was moist and juicy and heavily seasoned.  I found the dish to be really good, but the combination provided to be a bit too rich/heavy for me with the sauce, bacon and egg all on one plate.  
For dessert we split a slice of the red velvet cake.  Yum.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dantes-kitchen-new-orleans#6P4BWH1LRD6y5XIAhOXF6g
They take their cocktails seriously here.  A mixologist is on hand and they have jars of home made mixers and syrups lined up on the shelves.  It's worth trying our some of their cocktails.  
Service was a bit uneven as there were times where the wait was longer than expected.  The restaurant was packed on the night of our visit  (a Sunday night) and the servers were really busy.   They were really nice in their multiple attempts to help us find a cab to pick us up after the team.  
I would describe Dante's Kitchen as a typical hipster joint but without the hipster attitude I find that is so common, at least where I'm from.  They  put a great deal of care into the quality of their food and cocktails and their pride over their product is quite evident (and well deserved).Cute little place, very friendly staff and the food's fantastic. Had the grits with cheese and mushroom on the waiter's recommendation -truly great. Also had the scrambled eggs with alligator sausage and red pepper jam over a biscuit, which was equally great. Highly recommended.Dante's is one of may favorite places in the city.  I love how they use local produce with a seasonal menu.  The coctails are truly unique.  The peach mojito and the cucumber gin are a must!  The service is outstanding and timely.  The ambience is cozy and romantic.  I've eaten here numerous times for dinner and brunch, and would highly recommend either or both.  It's hard to find a place that is outstanding in all 3 areas of appetizer, entree and dessert; dante's kitchen definitely hits the mark!Yes Yes Yes!!! 
This was hands down the BEST meal I had during my recent visit to New Orleans. Everything about this place is absolutely phenomenal. Mitch M. said it best. "Wow this was really good. Really good". 
The Ambiance - Upon my arrival, the hostess inquired as to whether I preferred to dine inside or out on the patio. It was a beautiful day and the weather was perfect, so I opted for the patio. Excellent choice. I was seated on the most adorable porch facing the quaint little neighborhood street - Dante St. As I sat outside, I could not help but feel like a true Southern Bell, being catered to hand and foot with true Southern hospitality. This is a cozy yet romantic New Orleans gem. 
The food - Everything I ordered from beginning to end was absolutely magnificent and mouthwatering. As many of the reviewers have indicated, they start you out with the molasses spoon bread that is to die for! It is topped with a warm sweet butter that truly tickles your taste buds. My server encouraged me to order the barbecue shrimp - said I could sop up the sauce with warm bread. I couldn't resist. The barbecue shrimp came out in the most beautiful presentation. It was truly divine. I could not stop myself from eating those plump shrimp and sopping up the sauce with that oven hot bread. Super delicious. Next, I was presented with the most delectable looking chicken covered in what appeared to be the maple sauce, and accompanied by a potato hash slightly covered with an egg - sunny side up. I was not to keen on the idea of my potato being covered by an egg, especially since I had never eaten an egg sunny side up. However, I was quite pleased with the taste - the flavors blended together ever so beautifully. Please do not be put off my this unique combination. The chicken under a brick is to die for! You must try this. 
The service - Dante's Kitchen truly understands the essence of customer service. They wait on you hand and food. What is also very comforting, is that the servers all seem genuinely kind and courteous. They are constantly filling your glass with water, bringing you more bread, etc. You will be taken care of at all times. 
Dante's exceeded my expectations. This restaurant is definitely one of my top favorites. I will definitely make this one of my stops next time I am in New Orleans. 
The FQ is great, but why not drive down St. Charles (or take the St. Car) for a scenic view of the beautiful Tulane and Loyola Universities before having a great meal at Dante's Kitchen? Do not miss out on this special treat.I've been here several times and this place is just consistently good.  I usually switch back and forth between the redfish and the filets. Both are good, but I think I prefer the filet. It has a nice patio area to sit out on and I've alway gotten great service. There are a million great restaurants in New Orleans, but Dante's is definitely one my favorites.My best meal in New Orleans was unplanned.  Dante's Kitchen is a bit out of the way from the main bustling downtown, but after spending the day at the zoo, I'd taken a short bus-trip north to go to a different restaurant.  Luckily, my intended dining destination was closed on Sundays, and I popped into Dante's instead.
The biscuits and gravy were out of this world.  It was the best dish I had in New Orleans--full stop.  The texture of the biscuits was so perfectly velvety, it's hard to describe how delicious it is.  The other food we had was all good as well, but those BISCUITS AND GRAVY!Absolutely stellar food! We tried the fried green tomatoes, spicy eggplant, chicken under a brick, and the trois mignons - everything was prepared perfectly. The prices are very high, but you're definitely paying for the quality of ingredients (plus, Dante's sources locally whenever possible) and preparation.Menu: Uninspired $$$ American (there were very few Creole/Cajun dishes) Some meat in some boring sauce with a side of veggies.
But the question remains to this day:: how could the hype around such a simple dish so grossly contradict my own dining experience???? Chicken under the Brick, to me, was more like Chicken swimming in Teriyaki Sauce. The reduction might as well have been balsamic vinegar overloaded with sugar. Gross. The meat wasn't dry, but lacked luster since the sauce had not completely seeped into the meat. Without exaggeration, it wins the award for the most disappointing dish ever. 
The building that houses the restaurant is actually a renovated home on a residential block which affords an intimate and yet familial setting. 
My dining companions reported to have enjoyed their dishes. However, I don't plan on returning anytime soon...a contemporary American cuisine needs to create an innovative, themed menu in order to stand out. Dante's Kitchen, in my opinion, didn't.The Molasses Honey Spoonbread was DIVINE!!! I ordered the chicken cooked under a brick it was delicious. Neil the owner was very cordial and hospitable I HIGHLY recommend this restaurantI have been going to Dante's Kitchen for several years.  One thing I can say is that they are pretty consistent.  Their food is and has always been good. Their waitstaff is above average, and at times tends to neglect the table a bit too much.  This particular night they seemed to be off, but every other time I can say the experience has been wonderful.  Some of the food came out a bit cold, and we sat with empty glasses for extended periods of time.Went for brunch, my first time in NOLA. Not very vegetarian friendly as much of NOLA seems to be. I love when a waiter asks what you want to drink but drinks (other than alcohol) aren't listed on the menu.  I ordered the Banana Pecan Pancakes thinking that would be safe. They came with a huge slab of butter on top, which I removed only to find another pat between the pancakes. I love banana nut pancakes, but I think its smart to cook the nuts evenly dispersed through out the pancakes and put fresh slices of banana on top.Does anyone like half cooked banana? I saw no bananas so I assume they were blended into the batter, and all the nuts were thrown in one lump in the center while cooking. They were soggy with syrup and butter. I didn't even eat the center where the nuts were as i couldn't stomach any more and I rarely don't clean my plate. But really who wants to eat a handful of nuts cooked into a pancake? Oh and my friend got an omelette which came with a side of fruit. If you consider a side of fruit to be a bowl of 3 green (more brown) grapes, 3 purple grapes and 3 cubes of really sad cantaloupe which looked like they had been in that bowl at least a week.I haven't eaten here for dinner, though I really really wanna. The Fam and I typically go for Sunday brunch and we love it. The slices of ham steak are à la Fred Flintstone- brontosaurus like, which pleases my carnivorous husband endlessly. The bloody Mary's are off the chain, and I've never been crazy about them until I tastedof rom Dante's, which as I understand is made with house made tomato juice, pickled okra, etc. After finishing a glorious cup of ice coffee and my meal, I really wanna rub my belly, grab a few of the jars with pickled condiments that they have on the shelves everywhere and dash for the car. Seriously.Dante's Kitchen would rank around a 3-4 star for yelp if it wasn't for bad service and bad management.  I honestly feel that a two star rating is more generous than it deserves.
Food was actually pretty average, and the desserts were disappointing for New Orleans.  However what really irked me, was the brunch.  We arrived 10 minutes before opening, only to then wait an additional hour and a half to be seated.  Yes they were busy, except that when we were inside there were 6 empty tables (and still a line outside).  Food was fine, nothing to write home about.  Waiter service was also off as ours and many other tables water glasses remained empty.
Clearly this restaurant would do better with a management team that knows what they are doing.If you have a bad meal in New Orleans, it's your own damn fault.  For a killer brunch, this is a great choice.  Showed up at 1 PM on a Sunday and got right in.  Split the Pot Likka (grits, beef drippings, pickled tomato and poached eggs) and the Debris & Eggs.  Damn!  Two Southern dishes I have never tried, check and check.Wow, what happened to this restaurant? 
I went for brunch and my eggs were cold, the waitress spilled a drink and after wiping up the floor she wiped the table! UGH ! Then when we sent our eggs back and ordered something else to split but  they had the temerity to charge us for one of the entrees and the coffee 3.50 a cup for mediocre coffee which they refilled without asking and charged us another 3.50
Sorry Dante's we won't be returning.  We over tipped the waitress because cold food wasn't her fault.I was a fan of the food, not a fan of the ambiance. The actual building itself is so cute, sweet, and intimate, but the staff and diners really give the restaurant a pretentious and stuffy vibe. Our server was on the less friendly side. Now to the food. The complimentary bread (honey molasses served with butter, I believe) was so good! I got the chicken roasted under a brick, and wow it was the best chicken I have ever had in my LIFE! The sweet sauce is really what made the dish. I had a bite of my boyfriend's trois mignons, and honestly you can get better steak at a steakhouse. I would definitely order the chicken if you go here.FRESH FRESH FRESH and CREATIVE!!
I had to have the waiter "translate" some of the Gourmet dishes and tried the punch of the day which was also wonderful.Similar to Jacques Imo's in price and quality.  Usually slightly less crowded and slightly less delicious, I think.
Favorites are: BrunchCame here with a group of six while in town for New Years. Warning, as Philadelphians we are definitely food snobs. So here it is-
Dante's was overall amazing. Literally, everyone enjoyed everything they ordered. 6 different main courses, 3 different vegetable dishes and a couple appetizers and there is nothing we did not love. After reading the reviews on the chicken, I couldn't help but get it for myself. While it was probably the best chicken I've ever had, it was still chicken. I have to say, my girlfriend ordered the better dish, being the duck. And I would recommend the chai infused whiskey.
All in all, the reviews for this place are legit. I don't think you can go wrong at Dante's.Came with a big group on Sunday (14 of us) and arrived before 10:30 for brunch (since they don't take reservations). AMAZING brunch food, everything was absolutely delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and a Bloody Mary, both which I highly recommend. To put it lightly, I give 5 stars to any place that makes me seriously crave their food and this place deserves it, hands down.Pizza is good, it's quick, and they have a solid bathroom. Perfect place to stop at while walking around.Why why why do I choose to overindulge on the spirits, get 5 hours of sleep, and then go to brunch and expect NOT to feel like death?! My lapse in judgement the night before aside, Dante's was a great decision even in my dilapidated state. The restaurant itself is ADORABLE in an old house off of Carrollton, but seating is very limited so get there early! We got there right after they opened, around 10:15, and had to sit right inside the door because it was the only table left.
Luckily, I came with people who had been here before so they knew what to order because their brunch menu just looked delicious on the whole. I started with a Bloody Mary extra spicy and we got the Bacon Cinnamon Roll and an order of biscuits for the table. WOW. The Bacon Cinnamon Roll, was just. SO. LEGENDARY. Sweet and bacon. It was nearly enough to snap me into the land of the living. The bloody mary wasn't my favorite as it was very horseradishy. Next time, I'll go with the Milk Punch and mix it with my coffee as my fellow diners did rather intelligently and raved about. Their biscuits are homemade and awesome, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside - how the perfect biscuit should be. They're served with 2 homemade jams that change seasonally, and the apple and strawberry that we were given were really tasty. As if I didn't have enough biscuits, I decided to go with biscuits and gravy for my entree because like the great Ted Evelyn Mosby, I believe the greatest cure for a hangover is GRAVY. Hell, its the greatest cure for anything that ails you or even if you are having the best life ever, gravy will just make you infinitely happier. But enough about my shameless love for gravy. These biscuits and gravy were SO amazing. The crispy homemade biscuits were topped with a heaping pile of HOMEMADE gravy studded with big chunks of sausage and then topped again with 2 poached eggs. YUM! As if this wasn't enough, they serve this heaping pile of goodness with a salad dressed with lemon vinaigrette. Its so good that when I couldn't finish it due to the aforementioned ailment and heated it up in the privacy of my home that evening, it was STILL a delight. 
You may be wondering why I've raved ad nauseam (PUN INTENDED) about this place and only gave it 4 stars? Well, our waiter could have been a little more on his game. He seemed a little out of sorts and was absent for large chunks of time as the people in our party trickled in and it came time to order. Other than that, my experience at Dante's Kitchen couldn't have been more perfect and I would love to go back for brunch or maybe a date night.The most delicious meal I've had in a long, long time! Every dish was pure perfection. Before the dishes came out, the server brought over a freshly baked, warm molasses corn bread for the table. It's delicious, but don't fill up on the bread! We started with cauliflower soup, which sounds boring, but when it is dressed up with brie, cream, and sea beans... perfection. Then came the escargot. The escargot were perfectly cooked and sat on top of a delicious bordelaise sauce. They were paired with a sweet, salty roasted marrow bone. For my main meal, I had the Oakley Farms double-cut pork chop. The pork chop was hearty and succulent. It came with collard greens, roasted green chile cornbread, and a rich garlic compound butter. My friend had the trois mignons. The steak three ways was delicious - again perfectly cooked and rich. We also had a side of ratatouille, which was made of eggplant, heirloom tomato sauce, squash, and red peppers. The ratatouille was silky and incredibly flavorful. The outdoor patio ambiance looked wonderfully romantic with hanging lights, but fearing the New Orleans mosquitos (as they seem to love my outsider blood), we sat inside. The indoor dining area was a little less cute; however, frankly, I wouldn't have cared what it looked like given how amazing the food was! If I return to New Orleans, I know I'll be visiting Dante's Kitchen again!You'll like it. Everyone does. I was surprised that they've been open for 10 years because it seems quite contemporary and unaffected by good reviews. The food is very honest, so is the staff. Pricing formats are fun as a mix of spiced gluttony and clean bites in small plates, large, and apps. I'd come here any day of the week, especially if I doubled my salary.
There's seems to be a lot more in this progressive and timeless realm on new Orleans. I have a lot more to do here.I sometimes get frustrated when traveling (especially to food meccas like NOLA) that there is no way I can know what eateries are REALLY worth seeking out if you only have a few days in a new place.  Dante's, I am glad to say, is definitely one of those places.  After a resounding 'you better go there or else' from family who had eaten there once before, it was on my list, and the place definitely lived up to the hype.
Our waitress was super helpful and ran to grab the equally helpful and knowledgeable bar manager when we couldn't settle on a bottle of wine - the end result was perfect.  First to arrive after ordering was the spoonbread - a total home run - that honey butter is the stuff dreams are made of, and a perfect compliment to the crunch of the bread.
For food-food, we shared (and DEVOURED):
- Scallops with pickled beets and cilantro oil 
- Mussels with blue cheese, beer and bacon
- Braised beef cheeks with spaetzle and fried leeks   (so winning. so good.)
- Thit Kho - Vietnamese-inspired pork belly on a green onion pancake
- Mustard greens with parsnips
- Carmelized onion mashed potatoes
Overall we had a great experience - wonderful people, interesting, diverse (but not overwhelmingly so), delicious dishes, and totally worth the trip out of downtown (that neighborhood Dante's is in is quite cute).  Can't wait to go back!Up until now I had never had a disappointment at Dante's; it has always been one of my favorites.  I don't know if it was the early spring menu or that I went on a Monday night...or that the Monday night was the day after the Saints won the Superbowl (WhoDat!) but my meal was weak.  
First problem was that two of the items I wanted to order had hidden pork in them that was either not specified on the menu or couldn't be altered for it to be removed.  (Really pork sausage in a fish stew? Is that really necessary?)  I had the scallops with grapefruit and radish sprouts and they were delicious.  As all the other small plates weren't of interest to me, I went ahead and ordered the seared fish (which seems to be halibut at the moment but was a gulf fish when I was there - as a side HALIBUT? in New Orleans, also disappointing).  I thought the dish was only OK and ended up giving my leftovers to my brother a few nights later.  I will definitely wait for the menu to change before going back and I hope that Dante redeems itself.After I discovered this place on Yelp!, we thought it would be fun to try something new for our anniversary dinner. I was super excited when we got there, but left a little disappointed.
First off, our server, Luis, was superb, and I do not think that where our dinner was lacking had anything to do with the attentiveness of the server. 
The spoon bread came out piping hot, and delicious! Was better with a little salt, though.  
On to the appetizers: Husband got the shrimp and grits, which were piping hot and delicious!  The shrimp were seasoned perfectly and the grits were delightfully creamy.  Needed a little salt, though.
Unfortunately, I got the corn and crab soup, which was nothing more than yellow tinged chicken stock with a little crab meat thrown in.  It was thin and virtually flavorless, slightly warmer than room temperature, and the corn must have taken the day off because I didn't see any in there.  I didn't even finish it; it wasn't worth whatever calories were in it.  Even a little salt couldn't save it.
Entrees: Husband got the pork confit, which he enjoyed, and I also thought had a great flavor, even though I'm not a big meat eater.  I had the bacon wrapped scallops small plate, along with the Barq's candied sweet potatoes, thinking that after the bowl of soup, I probably wouldn't be too hungry.  The scallop/bacon combo was smoky and delicious, but the sweet potatoes weren't anything special.  The biggest issue was that none of the entree foods were particularly hot.  I like my food to seem as if it was just prepared, not "resting" for 15 minutes somewhere.  I felt rushed to eat so I wouldn't have to eat cold food. 
I was so excited about this place after reading all of the Yelp! reviews, and really hoped my experience would make me want to go back for brunch.  I left undecided.We lucked into this restaurant after discovering that the music we'd come for at the Maple Leaf wouldn't be starting for three hours. The bartender at the ML described Dante's Kitchen as a restaurant for people who care where their food comes from. Every morsel was outstanding. We started with the punch of the day--a concoction of gin, ginger liqueur, pomegranate juice, cranberry juice, lemon juice and a dash of ginger beer. Complex and delicious. We followed that with a salad of local greens topped with shaved apples and the tuna two ways, char rare over mustard greens and chopped and marinated atop cabbage and carrot shreds. They also gave us some pumpkiny spoon bread that was a perfect complement to both the salad and the tuna. Everything had subtleties of flavor and multiple layers of taste so that each bite was a slightly new experience.  The service was great, the ambience homey. We would go back in a heartbeat.This was my biggest disappointment of the trip.  It's a small restaurant in uptown that just too much has a feel of eating at your granola-friend's house who is overly proud of her health-oriented cuisine but nothing tastes great.  Yes, they have numerous vegetarian options but I wouldn't say any dish stood out for me.  I had the Trois Mignons with three different sauces and they were served with mashed potatoes but the flavor just didn't stand out.
I had a wonderful and funny experience in the men's grill at the swanky English Turn Country Club watching the Saints mop up on the Bears and I should have listened to the men in the grill who told me to avoid Dante's Kitchen in favor of Clancys.  Next time in NOLA, I'll give Clancys a try.Excellent little place for brunch in the Riverbend section of NOLA, located across the street from the famous Brigtsen's !! The brunch was delicious and a little pricey, I am a bit of a miser,  but a good value for the quality of the food and the prep. If you drink you must try the Brandy Bourbon milk( boom yummy goodness of the adult type)Wow. What a disappointing experience! We were so excited based on all the reviews, but had a pretty bad experience just in terms of wait time. We had 6 pm reservations so got there and ordered while the restaurant was almost empty, so really no excuse that we waited one and a half hour for our food! They apologized before we complained 1 hour into the wait, which was reassuring, but just when we were going to leave 30 minutes later, they brought our food. It was very good food (saved it from getting a single star), but at that point, it was hard to tell if that is just because we were so hungry. They manager comped our "first course" which was a single appetizer and I thought after that wait, he could have done more or at least brought us a free round of drinks  while we were waiting!  For this class of restaurant with this type of good reputation, the meal was unacceptable. I hope our experience was a fluke!!Bad news: No lunch!  Before Katrina I really enjoyed eating lunch here but after Katrina they have never brought lunch back and only do Brunch on the weekends now.  
There is a pop up BBQ restaurant that operates out of this space M-F for lunch and Tuesday nights for dinner.
Good news: They have certainly stepped up the culinary level!  They always seem to be featuring as many local and very fresh options as possible and the food is always excellent here.  They have a nice courtyard and it is a very enjoyable place (especially at lunch so please bring lunch back!!!).  The parking can be a bit challenging but other than that I've always had a great time here and the service has always been fantastic.  I'm not a big breakfast person so I've yet to eat brunch here but the food is so good that it is probably just a matter of time before I get here (the next time someone forces me to awaken at some horribly early hour on the weekend).Food was wonderful and authentic creole.  Appetizers and entrees were just great.  Dessert and coffee did not disappoint.  Recommended very highly.I made a reservation for myself and the boyfriend a few days ahead of time. We arrived at the restaurant on time and were promptly seated. The atmosphere is classy without being ostentatious, and there is no dress code but wearing business casual clothing is common. The boyfriend ordered the fixed price menu for the evening: shrimp and grits, redfish, and pecan pie. I got the small plate size of hotpot and a side of brussel sprouts. The shrimp and grits came first and were fabulous, with the shrimp perfectly cooked in a flavorful sauce atop the mound of appropriately seasoned grits. The boyfriend had had some shrimp and grits from a lesser establishment earlier in the day and remarked that this was "not the same animal" that he had been served then. He also thoroughly enjoyed the redfish, although I cannot comment on it too much as it was not shared. The hot pot was a good assortment of seafood in a mild but pungent thai-style coconut curry broth. It was messy but worth looking undignified in front of people, so delicious it was. The brussel sprouts were our favorite dish of the evening. We both love duck and brussel sprouts, and to have them brought together in such a rich and smoky representation was an experience I will not soon forget. The pecan pie was a chocolate pecan pie. The top was a bit hard, and the crust was just good. The inside was caramelized and delicious. It was my least favorite menu item that we tried. I would eat here as often as I could afford to if I was a resident, in all honesty.
service was 5/5
did not use bathroomMy husband and I had dinner with two other couples at Dante's last night, and we all enjoyed our meal. Good food, good drinks and good company!
We had a 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival.
Our drink order was taken right away and we looked over our menus while we waited for our cocktails. EVERYTHING looked good!! It was so hard to decide what to order, but I pulled myself together and made some decisions. I went with the escargot atop bone marrow appetizer, and the trios mignon entree.  I did good.  
The escargot was served on top of a split bone about 6" long and about 3/4 of it had really rich marrow inside.  It was served with 2 fairly large pieces of sliced, toasted bread. The juice from the escargot was delicious and perfect for dipping that crusty bread.
My husband had the Vietnamese pork belly with kimchee appetizer.   The pork belly was very sweet and tender, so the heat of the kimchee was a perfect compliment.
My trois mignon entree was perfectly cooked medium rare and the flavors of each piece of steak were amazing. One was covered in a delicious debris, one with I think a Stilton cheese sauce, and the last one had a very yummy tangy sauce. They were all served on creamy mashed potatoes. 
My husband had the duck, which came with a side of greens. The duck was so juicy, and the greens were just what you want them to be - sweet and a little bitter.  They were full of flavor! 
This is such a cool place, and the artwork is worth looking over.  It's an old New Orleans house that's been converted in one of my favorite parts of the City. The staff is friendly and welcoming, and this is one of those places that just feels homey to me. 
I've been coming here with my husband since before Katrina. It was our favorite date night spot then, and it has held its charm like nobody's business.  I love it just as much today as I did on my very first visit.Delicious! Fresh baked everything. The biscuits were perfectly moist, just the right amount of dense, and I think they even make the jam. I have the Benedict which came with two this pork chops. I mean?! Come on?! Can't beat that. My friends got the following: crab and Brie omelet, dante's omelet complete with meat and cheese and potatoes (oh my!), and shrimp and grits. No one left a single bite. Iced coffee was yummy, too. Full bar on site, Corey spot, brunch line was about a 25 minute wait on a Sunday at high noon. Staff and service was good.Dante's is by FAR the top fine dining spot for my husband and I, which is saying a lot because he's a chef and is picky as all get out!  We've been several times by ourselves as well as other times with friends and family and so far, Dante's has yet to disappoint!
The food is excellent.  Dante's is committed to using fresh, seasonal ingredients which just makes everything more amazing, though it may also mean your favorite menu item from last time around may not be there on your next visit!  I think it's a nice change though - the specials change often and that gives us a chance to change things up rather than ordering the same old thing every time we go.  If you're unsure what to get, ask the servers for recommendations - they are always happy to help and can usually point you in the right direction.  
The drinks at Dante's are also excellent though also STRONG so heads up!  Their drink specialis are also seasonal but you can always find something refreshing, unique, or classic on the menu.  The wine selection is decent as well.  
Dessert is amazing as well, often with one or two savory options for those who don't have quite as big a sweet tooth as I do.  On our last visit, I had chocolate angel food cake and I've been dreaming of it ever since!
Service is usually top-notch though sometimes servers can get bogged down on really busy nights.  The atmosphere is cozy, eclectic, and surprisingly casual given the quality of the food, a welcome change from the typical, stuffy fine dining establishment.  I will confess, I have yet to have their brunch, something I intend to remedy as soon as possible! 
Overall, Dante's is amazing and our go-to destination for good, fresh, fine dining without all the fuss.Quaint, cozy, and delicious.  I had the brick chicken, or something like that, and it mysteriously disappeared from my plate, despite my best intentions.  I ordered the cocktail of the day but found it too sweet, will stick with my faves next time.  Wait staff friendly.  Parking no problem.  Will return...  Oh yeah, they allegedly have a fireplace, in this year's cold weather - thats a good thing!Dante's is another one of those fresh neighborhood restaurants. I love the concept of Dante's and the like. Because of the location and the way they are set up inside, makes you feel right at home. I have been to Dante's on multiple occasions and try and get something different every time I go. 
For starters try the Shrimp & Grits, the Escargot or the Scallops. Either of these are great ways to start the meal off. As for dinner, get the Chicken Roasted under a Brick. It has so much flavor! And the chicken is cooked perfectly. The mashed potatoes and Mac'n'Cheese are both excellent sides to accompany your dinner. 
The service is great and overall perfect experience every night.. I have yet to go for brunch, but here its amazing!We go to Dante's regularly, probably twice a month and it was always great food with great service until the last couple of meals. The food remains great, but the service is out of control in a very bad way. I held off writing another review (the first was a five star review) because I thought maybe they were just having a turnover in staff or something, but last night was the last straw. Last night we had an 8:30 reservation and had to wait 25 minutes for our table. I don't mind that, it's inevitable if another table is hanging out. The part that was ridiculous was that we went to stand at the bar and the bartender was such a jerk. He tried to ignore us at first, but when it was clear we weren't leaving he finally paid us some attention. One person in my party asked if they had St. Germaine or any elderflower liquor, his response was that of course they did because it's completely pedestrian. Wow, really? Then another person asked what a cachera was, apparently she pronounced it incorrectly and he rolled his eyes and said it correctly before telling her what it was. She then asked what a liquor was that was in the drink and he again rolled his eyes and said: that is german for apple, so obviously it's an apple liquor. We just decided he was busy and since there isn't really a place to wait that he was probably just irritated that we were standing in front of the bar.
When we got to the table I ordered a non-alcoholic drink and asked to put a shot of vodka in it. The waitress went to order it and came back to the table and said the bartender wouldn't do that. Um, what? WTF? She said the bartender said it wouldn't taste good together, so he wouldn't do it. I told her I'd like the drink anyway with a shot of grey goose on the side so I could mix it myself. I did so and it was delicious, so delicious I ended up having two of them. The idea that you can't order a drink that you want seems ridiculous to me. 
Someone in my party asked to have the shrimp heads chopped off in the kitchen for her shrimp and grits and the waitress said no, they wouldn't do that. 
There was also a dish that had a kale and bean salad accompaniment that someone in our party asked if she could have a side of. Nope can't have that either. 
The food is ALWAYS outstanding at Dante's, but the service has fallen off so far in the last two months that we just won't be back there.
If you are looking for a similar place, Maurepas Foods in the bywater is very similar (owned by the former sous chef of Dante's), less expensive and the service is always top notch. We love it there and are just going to double up on Maurepas and cut Dante's out of the rotation.I've had two amazing brunches here and would happily return. The first time, we arrived just before brunch began during Jazz Fest and were seated anyway. 
Great selection on the brunch menu with Southern Louisiana flair. I thought their grits with cheddar were the best I'd ever had-- until I tried their spicy grits that came with a blackened catfish special. Uh-mazing. I didn't even know I cared much for grits--Now I do. Their yummy bloody Marys feature homemade pickles (which I didn't realize meant pickled okra, which was surprisingly good). Locavore-minded diners will appreciate the chalkboard display listing the dozens of current menu ingredients sourced locally. Prices are good for what you get.
Bring a wrap in case you sit n the atrium area--the AC gets chilly.It was six of us for brunch, and we all loved our food. I had the veggie omelette, which was light and delicious. The hash browns were also very tasty. My husband had the alligator sliders with jalapeño jelly, which was surprisingly very spicy and not just sweet. The food is reasonably priced but they will get you with the drinks, which are overpriced. Great atmosphere, though, and our server was knowledgeable and efficient. Will definitely come back and sample their dinner menu.Everything about this meal was perfect, from the pre-meal Sazarac (Modern, not Classic as the Classic refers to the invention of the Sazerac during Prohibition when NOLA didn't really "follow" the law banning alcohol and used cognac instead of rye... um, yeah +1 knowledgeable bartender!) to the Blueberry Olive Oil Cake (with sweet ricotta and lemon honey syrup, drool).
It was a work-related dinner so we were able to sample far more appetizers, charcuterie, and small plates than I normally would and that only amplified the experience.  There's a disclaimer on the front door that if you're looking for light health food, this isn't the place and while correct, all of the ingredients are handmade in house or locally-sourced... they just happen to have a healthy dose of butter and/or protein.  We were with a vegetarian and she still managed (and had a glowing review as well).  
The atmosphere is casual but still fresh.  There's not an overly stylized, modern or plastic-feeling to the restaurant and it really captured the laid-back vibe of New Orleans without a "hand-grenade" or "hurricane" in sight.  The food is comfort food but not your standard 'fried chicken' fare.  Speaking of chicken, the unappetizing 'Chicken Roasted Under a Brick' was the most tender, moist, flavorful chicken I've had in recent memory.  Our waitress broke-down the prep process and I'm going to have to try the recipe at home (anything with maple-butter sauce is a win).  You'll just have to go for yourself to find out more, but the 5-star review (my first) should say it all.  
Items we tried: 
Heirloom Tomato Salad, Escargot & House Made Bacon, Seared Diver Scallops, Braised & Roasted Pork Belly, Homemade/cured Salumi, Local Farm Vegetable Plate, Chicken Roasted Under a Brick (!!!!!!!!!!!), and of course, Blueberry Olive Oil Cake.  Their 'punch' (aka "daily concoction of awesomeness") is also worth a try.Fantastic. I'm a newbie when it comes to New Orleans cuisine but my local friends agreed best meal in the city. Our helpful waiter guided us to the best on the food and drinks menu and we ended up with the boar, chicken, and local veggie plate. As he suggested, for drinks try the Argentinian merlot and the pimms cup. It will be hard to find a finer meal. Only advice is it's not purely a Cajun or Creole restaurant so skip this meal if you're dead set on jambalaya. Rather it has heavy Southern influences with a fresh, local agenda.For our last meal in NO we were going to go to Cooter Browns...closed for a private event; tried Camellia Grill: 1:45 hour wait. With 4 grumpy, starving kids we needed to find somewhere close, fast and good. We arrived at Dante's 20 minutes before closing and they still seated us. We had brunch items ranging from omelettes to the fish sandwich. All were
Amazing. Highly recommend!I went there for lunch and had shrimp and grits and a milk punch. Overall, nothing impressive--simply nothing bad and nothing good. I heard their dinner is better than their lunch.I heard how great the brunch is at Dante's and I should specify that this review is for dinner not brunch. They have a very interesting menu and I think somewhat random? For example, their chicken under brick entree which is a popular option comes with a fried egg on top. The Molasses Spoon bread is the appetizer and you can't get anything like it anywhere else in the city.  I recommend the three filet medallions each with something different topped on it.If your visit to New Orleans and exploration of the amazing food is limited to the French Quarter you are robbing yourself of opportunities to discover amazing restaurants like Dante's Kitchen. 
My wife and I often like to explore various small plates on menus if the choices are interesting. Dante's did not disappoint. 
The service starts with a small pan of warm buttered spoon bread.  Their far superior version of the bread basket. Indulgence that wakes up the pallet. 
We also tried the shrimp and grits, escargot, thi-kho, seafood hot pot, the trois mignon, and a specialty salad. If some of the items sound trite I assure you they aren't. 
Each item provided decadent surprises and, with the exception of the salad, were not prepared like anything I've had before.  For example, the escargot served rich and dark (sorry...not sophisticated enough to describe how it was prepared) on top of a halved (cut lengthwise) roasted pork shank for you to spoon the marrow out with the escargot. Squeamish???  Go for it without regret. 
SERVICE - relaxed and casual atmosphere but very professional. Our server, Malcom, guided us through the meal like a partner in crime. 
We ate in the limited seating they have outdoors taking advantage of the April weather. I cannot speak to the experience inside but it seemed inviting in a walk through.  
No kids menu but ours (6 & 8) really enjoyed the Trois Mignon. 
Will return every trip.We enjoyed a tasty meal at Dante's Kitchen but it's not worth a cab ride out of the French Quarter if you're weighing your options.
The apple-and-prosciutto salad was good, the corn-and-crab soup interesting and the skirt steak special perfectly prepared but the menu wasn't vast and the wines by the glass were a little inside-baseball; I had never heard of the grape in my white wine (and wasn't impressed enough to remember it). We also ordered the cheese plate and really liked two of the three cheeses and the persimmon jam; the homemade pickles reminded me of grandma's (and that's not a good thing) and the third cheese had a distinct flavor of barnyard, but I suppose that's the point of a cheese sampler -- to try new things.
The atmosphere was intimate -- individual rooms inside a converted residence -- but a little divey. 
As mentioned elsewhere, the complementary spoon bread was delicious. The service was good.This was great experience! The food was delicious. Had several apps, with the shrimp and grits and escargot/bone marrow being standouts.
 Totally would recommend this placeWe went on Sunday for brunch and I took the advice of another reviewer and made sure we got there a little after 10:30.  All the seats were taken, but we were first on the list and the mimosa's we enjoyed while waiting were good.  I had the Dante's Omelet which was full of andouille sausage and had a spicy flavor, but wasn't overly seasoned to the point I could not enjoy it.  A dish I would get again.  My family had the shrimp and grits and the crab brie omelet which were also delicious.  We split a plate of alligator sausage and I didn't think I would like it and it didn't taste like anything I had had before, but it was good.  The atmosphere and staff were really nice and I would definitely go back.  Would like to try dinner next time.YUM! I'd read reviews on yelp and decided this place needed to be added to the itinerary...and I'm so glad that I did.  
I was craving scallops so I loved that they offered them on their "small plates" menu so we had them as an appetizer.  They hit the spot.  They were seasoned wonderfully with this sweet salsa of some sort that balanced the flavors nicely.   We also enjoyed the hyped up molasses spoon bread which was perfectly sweet and buttery with nice whole grain texture - def. met expectations.  Although, I wish I would have asked for extra butter!  
I have a hard time ordering chicken at nice restaurants because I always go for fish or steak but luckily the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick caught my boyfriend's eye (I was dying to taste this based on the reviews I had read).  The chicken was so perfectly moist and saturated in maple flavor that I couldn't believe that I was simply eating chicken!  It was wonderful...get it if you are intrigued and craving chicken!
I had the Baked Stuffed Flounder with crawfish and andouille stuffing.  This was the perfect balance of just darn good baked fish and creole/New Orleans flair!  My boyfriend grew up in North Carolina and he's always looking for good grits so we also shared the stone ground grits - WOW! Dishes like this define southern comfort food.  It was so creamy with the right amount of peppery flavor.  
The restaurant itself was very charming and quaint.  It's an old house with nice outdoor seating.  It was nice to get away from the French Quarter for a change.  
The only complaint was that I didn't like the wine recommendation...but that can happen ANYWHERE...so all in all this place met my expectations and I would recommend it to anyone looking for great food in a charming venue.This was a good meal.  Our service was truly outstanding, and the food was really good.  Ok, that out of the way, let me tell you more.  Don't skip this place because it's not a 5 star review.
The food was just really well thought out, paired well with sides, and lovingly presented.  The chicken under a brick: just order it.  Make sure SOMEONE you're with orders it.  It's crazy juicy and tender.  The smashed roasted potatoes with duck fat was also a winner at our table.  The desserts weren't anything special, which was fine by me because I was already stuffed.
The service was flawless.  Not at all intrusive, very knowledgeable.  She helped us pick our cocktails and flights of bourbon and white whiskey (didn't know there was such a thing!).  It was very cool.
My biggest complaint: When we made our reservation, we made it for my husband's 40th birthday.  It was obviously a special occasion, yet they stuck us inside (the patio is definitely the best place to sit here, especially on a gorgeous balmy N.O. night).  I asked if we could sit out there and was told no, despite making reservations almost a month in advance.  Oh well.  It wouldn't have been so bad except that the lighting in the room we were in was so terrible we had to use our iphones to read the menu.  Actually, the server suggested we do so and said that so many people need to.  Isn't that a hint?  My husband was really put off by this, but loosened up as the night went on.
All in all, it was a great meal.Dante's kitchen is simply awesome!  I had one of the best meals in a LONG time there.   What a great combination of menu, decor, service and ambiance.
We had the shrimp and grits, escargots, duck, and Trois Mignons.  Each was better than the next, full of flavor creativity and visual elegance.   The shrimp and grits was particularly good, I grew up in the South and those were by far the best grits I've ever had!  
I honestly think Dante's Kitchen would hold it's own against any restaurant in Chicago save Alinea.  And in terms of price, it's simply no comparison, we got out of there for under $150 for two people wine included and felt like we had a five star meal.
Highly, highly recommended!!My dinner party group had a long, wonderful meal here in the back room. It was great for a private party. The service was excellent. To be fair and honest, one of members has been close friends with the owners for many years so that may have influenced our service, but I have no idea. 
The food was great. We did a lot of passing dishes around to taste and everything was good. I was 8 months pregnant, grumpy as hell, and really missing my wine, but the house made pickle plate and the duck two ways (a special, not on the regular menu) made up for it. I talked about that duck for days. 
Our waiter was terrific and deserved a medal for putting up with 9 well-pickled in alcohol ladies and 1bitchy pregnant woman. Not to mention that some of the boozier ladies may have been overly friendly. He was fun and gracious and never once threatened a lawsuit. 
Other great dishes are the chicken under a brick and the redfish on the half shell.I'm not really sure what all the hype is about. It was a good meal but I wouldn't go back here. I had the mussels and the chicken under a brick. The mussels were solid. The chicken under a brick was also very tasty and the portion was massive. I'm not a huge chicken guy so I guess I'm biased but I wouldn't order it again. My friends ordered the gulf fish and the red fish. The gulf fish was very tasty and I liked that most of the meals. The red fish was very bland. It could have used a sauce or something. It was packed with Cajun spices which was good but also overwhelming. Decent place!The best meal I had in New Orleans. Amazing place and can't miss if you love food. You really can't go wrong here!We came here for brunch and cocktails. My god, it was the best meal of our entire New Orleans trip.
We began with the bacon praline sticky buns, mimosas and bloody marys. For the main dishes, eggs benedict, pork steak and a daily-special fish dish were had. Everything was delicious.
First, the bacon praline bun is amazing. The saltiness of the bacon and the sweetness of the sticky bun goes perfectly together. It came out hot and delicious. Cocktails in the morning? During Mardi Gras, why not? I am even willing to believe that this place has one of the best bloody marys, at least the best I have sampled.
Before I describe each breakfast item in detail, I should mention that they are all breakfast-y. Hot, filling, and usually with a somewhat liquid component beneath the meat and veggies -- it is a really good way to start the day and soaks up some alcohol from those cocktails. The eggs benedict came with a superb pork loin. The pork steak was actually my favorite. I am a lover of tender meat, and this was the _most tender_ of meats, and also perfectly crispy on the outside. The special fish dish was a white fish of sorts, and while it may not help the reader, it was well-cooked and laid over a bed of grits that accented the flaky fish very well. 
The atmosphere of Dante's was perfect for an informal brunch with friends -- there are preserved vegetables in mason jars on shelves around the joint, and the windows allow in plenty of relaxing morning light. We loved it here.We'd loved our dinner at Dante's.  We were visiting New Orleans from out of town and visited this restaurant and one other outside the French Quarter and were mistaken as locals in both cases.  ;)
The hardest part was choosing what to eat.  We had 1 appetizer, 1 small plate, shared a large entree with 3 sides and shared a dessert.  
We had Escargot & House Made Bacon - YUM!!
We had the Charcuterie Plate (cheese, meat, mustard, housemade pickles) - YUM!!
We had the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick, mac and cheese, fried rice, and local vegetables - ALL also YUM!!
The best part is that most of the meal is sourced LOCALLY, which supports the local economy, reduces pollution, and much more!
Our service was fantastic.
Reservations recommended.Holy OMG this place is amazing. I've eaten here two or three times, and I'd go back again, again, and again. The food is completely top notch, the drinks are great, the service is excellent, and the decor is to die for. I can't over-emphasize how awesome this place is. Tucked inside a neighborhood, it's this great little place to go for a fancy, yet relaxed dinner. I'm just going to type some words that sound like how I feel when I eat here.
Heavenly. Splurge. Blazaaam. Gah! Oooooo yeah. TTThank gooodnessssss.Very disappointed by this place.  After seeing the great yelp reviews on this restaurant, decided to try it on our New Orleans trip. First of all, it is OUT there. We stayed in the French Quarter and it was at least a 45 minute street car ride away. I suppose we could have taken a cab and done more research, but I just had no idea it was this far away from the French Quarter. That said, I was prepared to let the distance slide if the food was good. It was OK, not bad, but certainly not great.  We started with the pork belly and it was quite literally a big cube of fat. Of course, pork belly is a a fatty cut, but wow, chewing pure fat is not tasty.  That said, my gulf fish was pretty good. My boyfriend got the duck, and it was mediocre at best. A real disappointment. Restaurant is cute enough inside and service was fine. My main complaint was about the food.Best bone marrow I've ever had! It comes with the escargot, but it's amazing also! A must have! They also flavor their own liquors and they have some really, really creative combinations, very fun and tasty!Loved the food. Unique and delicious. Service was great once we got a table, but had to wait almost an hour even with reservations, thus the lost star. A bit cramped inside, not not egregious.Crazy expensive BUT perfect in every way. First they have an excellent selection of whine and in pretty sure they make their own sausage and salamis which they offer as appetizers; we tried each meat and it was all terrific. They have an incredible soup called mulligatawny soup which I'd never tried before, I highly recommend it. Main entrees are delicious and beautifully presented. I got a trois mignon with CARAMELIZED ONION MASHED POTATOES, and my friend got Basque Style salmon.  We were both extremely satisfied. Out waiter was very professional, well spoken, and friendly. I felt like a Saudi King at this place. If you're willing to splurge for a night and drop some cash, than Dante's Kitchen is the place to go!Dante's Kitchen has great food and good cocktails and would have gotten five stars from me if the food hadn't taken so long and our waiter had addressed it properly. All of the dishes were excellent and fresh but they took forever. To be fair, all of the restaurants were slow but this one especially so. It kind of irritated me how our server dropped the check and ran after our last dishes and didn't ask if we wanted dessert or coffee. Also, the cab ride from the French Quarter is steep and will make up the difference of eating at a more expensive place. However, it was by far the best food we had and I would definitely go back. That's high praise for New Orleans where there are a ton of restaurants to try.Food and service was amazing! Tyler was genuine, knowledgable, and very attentive. The shrimp and grits were out of this world. We will definitely be back.As previous reviews have said, you absolutely can't go wrong with anything on the menu at Dante's.  Both brunch and dinner are fantastic.  This is the first place that I take anyone who comes to visit in New Orleans.  The inside is cozy and the outdoor patio is perfect for a warm New Orleans day...add a few of their fantastic cocktails and you're in heaven!  I've been here so many times that I honestly can't list any favorite menu items...every single one is a winner.  Just go.  You won't be disappointed.We read the reviews and expected more. From other reviews we were looking forward to the spoon bread. Ours was burned. For appetizers we ordered the shrimp and grits, it was the best dish of the night and the escargot, which was all salt and garlic. 
One of us ordered chicken under a brick which was very well liked. The duck, after having similar dishes at other NO restaurants was disappointing.  Side dishes were forgotten. Because we were well into our meals we asked them not to bring them out. 
Desserts were deconstructed key lime pie and chocolate pecan pie. Both were very good. 
So the food was mixed, but the service was consistently slow. Our waiter would notice us with no food on the table and then would seem to go to the kitchen to get a dish. Not sure what happened but the experience was not what we expected based on other reviews.visited dante's during jazz fest 2011. it's my favorite of all the restaurants i tried during my trip. it's rustic gourmet cajun/creole food. the dishes are packed with lots of flavor. i barely even used SALT, which is huge for me ;) it's located in the garden district, about 6 miles from downtown NOLA in an old house turned restaruant. 
FAV DISHES: Spoon Bread, Shrimp & Grits, Red Fish on the Half Shell. full review: http://bit.ly/m7TdaSAND THE BRUNCH LIST JUST GOT LONGER! 
Whether you're looking for a fresh mimosa, a spicy vodka bloody mary, or a trip down memory lane with their sweet and spiced brandy milk punch (think: egg nog or chocolate milk with breakfast), their bartenders cater to your morning fixins' while you wait, and you'll likely enjoy a couple during your time. 
As far as food goes, I'm still dreaming of cheddar and mushroom stone ground grits that defined what breakfast was meant to be. I could have just had that, but luckily a friend and I shared a special skillet of potatoes, vegetables and fried eggs- the best kind of "I'm so full and I don't care" bites of brunch. I highly recommend Dante's as a go-to New Orleans brunch spot!Very cute, semi secret location, mostly locals.  Very good- but this is Nawlin's ya'll, if it aint slap your momma good, it only gets four stars!We tried to go to Jaque Imo's but it was closed on Sunday.  Walked over to Dante's Kitchen and never looked back! Incredible food ( shrimp and grits. Wow. Mussels. perfect. Salads also really well done and local greens - makes such a difference). Great service, too. To top it off, I forgot my credit card (in a daze after the incredible meal...?) and we were leaving to continue a road trip in the morning. I was a little panicked and emailed them begging to get the card before we left town.  Although they don't open until 6PM on Mondays, Mario prompted responded and told us to swing by in the morning to get the card.  He saved the day!  Just when we thought we couldn't love this place ANY more.... :)Really good restaurant located in NOLA! We had dinner outside, the service was good and the dishes really tastyLove this place! We always try new restaurants in New Orleans and leave wishing we were at Dante's. At this point, I think we have tried everything on the dinner menu, and it is always fantastic. The creative cocktails, vegetable plate, chicken under a brick and trois mignons are all highlights. Plan ahead because you definitely need reservations for dinner.We have been to Dante's twice for dinner in the last month, and the word that sums up the overall experience is inconsistent.  The first experience was two of us on a weeknight.  The server seemed new.  We waited about 15 to 20 minutes for our drinks to come and then she mixed up our order, she took it to a table across from us, where someone had ordered one of same dishes as we did and then took the other order back to the kitchen and left one of the people at that table with no food , and we waited another 20 minutes for ours.  When she brought the food out, she said there was a mix-up in the kitchen.  We had the brick chicken and the 3 filets.  The brick chicken was outstanding- very tender and perfect maple glaze.  The 3 filets were good- not exceptional- but good.  So, we decided to give it another chance.  The second experience was 4 of us on a Saturday.  One of our party does not like heat (spicy) and asked if any of the dishes could be toned down.  The waiter said they do not do "any substitutions or modifications".  Really?  They told us the wait for the main dishes was going to be 50 minutes, so I am guessing that at least some of the food is prepared to order but maybe I am wrong.  Appetizers were all pretty good.  3 of us ordered the brick chicken based on our previous experience, and it tasted like a completely different dish.  The chicken was not flattened and tender but rather was a half a chicken.  The glaze had almost no hint of maple but was much more spicy.  We actually asked the waiter whether they had changed the sauce on the chicken, and he said different line cooks make it differently.  So, based on two experiences, the food is inconsistent, they do not accommodate any guest requests and the service leaves a lot to be desired.  With Brigtsen's  across the street, decide for yourself.Great food.  Awesome atmosphere.  In an old house so the dining rooms are separate.  Very cool and warm feeling.  I took a date here for a nice meal and wine. I got the Chicken Under a Brink entree and it was hands-down the best chicken dish I've ever eaten.  My date got the pork confit and it was also extraordinary.  
Service was great.  We were there late and the waiter came to let us know that the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes.  We went ahead and placed our order and the waiter informed me that my chicken dish would take 40 minutes to prepare.  I didn't know this and didn't want to hold up the staff so I said I would order something else.  He would not hear of it, said it was no problem at all.  I asked him repeatedly if he was sure and he assured me it was fine.  The chef even came out of the kitchen to tell me that it was perfectly ok and that my dish was being prepared.  It was perfectly cooked and I cannot say enough about the above and beyond service we got.  We will be back.Order the vegetable plate. I know you think I am nuts but its one of the best things in the city. The food here is fresh and delicious. Their cured meats are divine. Their salads are spectacular. Molasses corn bread? Yes, please. Great wine and cocktails. Nice environment.Yo. Go here. Wait however long it takes to get a seat. Have the shrimp and grits. ONE OF MY FAVS.What a great little place for brunch.  The biscuits were amazing.  The Dante Omelet was great but the entire visit was worth the grits...and be sure to get the cheese added.  Wow.  I don't choose restaurants for their grits but these were the best I've ever had.  My guy got the cheese and mushrooms on his grits and loved them.  I just don't see mushrooms and grits together.  But it worked for him.  A great atmosphere and great little patio on a pretty day.  We will go back.The filet mignons is really nice and wonderful. And it's my second time to come here.
The restaurant is small and hidden, but so delicate.
Also, the price is not cheap! 
It desire your try!This is definitely an older-taste restaurant. Under the kids menu, it says "Pancakes" but they are Banana and Peach pancakes, which an a sort of unappealing.  Everything else we ordered was great, such as the shrimp grits, etc.5 for Service 3 1/2 for food. Our waiter Tiny made it an unforgettable experience for us even though he couldnt help that we had some issues with our food , he wanted to make sure we were truly satisified with our experience. If we would have had any other waiter i probably wouldnt even go back to this restaurant but i will only go back to him. My husband loved the chicken on the brick and the boudin rouge was amazing, oh and dont even get me started on the spoon bread with molasses...yummm!!! Even the desserts were amazing. I held out to make sure i had room for my entree and the plating was amazing! When the food came out everything looked amazing and my husband was very pleased with his chicken on a brick. I got the redfish on the half shell and it was beautiful when it came out. I unfortunately started to eat it and it was so spicy my stomach hurt. The waiter noticed i wasnt eating and i hated to send back such a beautiful dish but he(Tiny) insisted that i would be happy with my food. When i got the new dish it was so salty it was unedible. The waiter felt horrible and tried to make it right with dessert which definetely helped. Needless to say i was still hungry filling up only on appetizers, bread and dessert after holding out for an entree i couldnt eat im very skeptical about going there again. If i do go back i would definetely get the chicken on a brick and make sure you ask for Tiny!!Everything about Dante's is fresh & local - the food, the drinks, the staff and even the restaurant itself. So fresh & local we ate there twice - once for dinner & then for brunch on Sunday. The board at the front doesn't show the specials - just a long list of "What's Local". Repeatedly, the staff were overheard describing with pride where or how or why something was on the menu. They have a passion for what they do, and it shows. 
The menu changes every two weeks or so based on what's available, and creativity is everywhere on it. While the obligatory shrimp & grits were good, the lump crab salad with cucumber and cantaloupe on field greens exemplified this. The combination was so unusual I had to try it, and it more than just "worked". The lightly dressed & salty greens melded the other ingredients into something more that the sum of it's parts. Simple, creative, and delicious. 
My redfish on the half shell was cooked perfectly, topped with a crab & fresh chopped herb mixture. The topping complimented the fish, but was a little to leafy for me. Lots of crab & less herb would have still done the trick, but again it was simple and creative and tasty. My wife's eggplant napoleon was excellent, and frankly would also make a fantastic side dish. 
From what they told us, the chef is also doing double duty as pastry chef, which can be a real workload. He's pulling it off, because the fresh blueberry pie was the best I've ever had. If it's available, get it without hesitation. Yummy. 
Brunch was yummy, too. The place was full, with a short wait around noon, but they get the food out fast. My Debris & Eggs Benedict was another combination I'd never thought I'd try, and they were great. Blueberry pancakes didn't need syrup they were so tasty. Portions are small so don't hesitate to double up and try a few other items.  Like the spoon bread.
All in all, we really enjoyed Dante's. Right across from the stodgy Brigstens, they are vibrant, fun, and passionate about their focus on fresh & local food. Worth the trip uptown, we'll be back again.  It seems like the kind of place that doesn't get old.If you want to experience the best bargain in town for fresh ingredients, hand crafted, from scratch, and house made EVERYTHING, this is the place to go for brunch.  Our table ordered cocktails, wine, and fresh squeezed lemonade to start.  Then as we enjoyed the knowledgeable and accommodating Larry, our server who added to the experience with his charming demeanor toward our kids, who ate every bit of their food which included pancakes with sides of bacon and alligator sausage which were enough for the whole family to share.  Other items ordered were the Dante omelette of andouille, potatoes and Vermont cheddar, the crabmeat and brie omelette both of which incorporated generous amounts of caramelized onions and diced tomato and the Tacos Thit Kho Of Vietnamese pork belly, scrambled eggs, avocado crema, cilantro and mint on corn tortillas.  Not a crumb was left on anyone's plate.  The "artmosphere" is quaint and eccentric, comfortable and eclectic.  Table of 5, under $100 plus tax & tip.  Only 3 drawbacks, 1) although we made the cut, they don't take reservations for parties of less than 5 and the bar isn't designed for more than a few people having a drink while waiting to be seated; 2) 20% gratuity was included for party of 5 (Larry would have benefited from my rounding up to the next $ had that not been the case); and 3) only one, single-occupant unisex restroom.  Regardless of theses little pet peeves, we can't wait to return to try the dinner menu.Comfort food done right. This is what a lot of places in Houston wish they could be. Seriously Dante's Kitchen, you knocked it out of the park.
So, what made it so good? Cool location? Check. Good service? Check. Reasonable prices? Check. Food, drinks, everything!? Check. This place is one giant check, as in it checked every freaking box in the book. I think I'm in love.
So, how about that food? I wasn't feeling in a mixed drink mood (sad for me) so I stuck to beer. Beer selection is kinda meh, which is really the only downside to this place. The food on the other hand, is out of control great. You start out with some molasses corn bread in a skillet. I've never had dessert for bread service, but it was like eating french toast, cornbread style. 5/5
Next up? Boudin Rouge, or blood sausage: bourbon black pepper mustard, roasted sweet peppers, preserved peaches. The texture was outstanding. Tasting it, I felt a bit like Goldilocks tasting the bear's porridge. Not too firm, not too crumbly, but just right. The flavor, too, was exquisite. You didn't get too mineral-y of a flavor, and the spices made you want to roll your eyes into the back of your head. 5/5
Now, to the main attraction. Chicken Under a Brick. Yelpers, do yourself a favor and listen to everyone else who has reviewed this place. I did, and I reached food Nirvana. It was the kind of food that is so good, it just makes you smile. Simple food that is well done. The skin on the chicken was crispy and perfectly seasoned, while the meat itself was about as moist as you can get with a perfect, not too soft and not too chewy texture. 5/5
And the ribbon on this gift of a meal: peach cobbler. I ate this like there was no tomorrow. Perfect, flaky pastry crust, fresh tasting peaches (these bad boys weren't canned), and ice cream that didn't steal the show but instead complimented. This, friends, is how you make a peach cobbler.
Dante's Kitchen, it may be awhile before I see you again, but rest assured, I will never forget you.This place is in the same price and genre categories as Emeril's NOLA in the French Quarter, so I was honestly expecting more of our experience.  The food is also not at all Creole/Cajun, as listed, but more like farm-to-table.
The place is cute -- an easily-overlooked tiny house with different rooms as eating areas.  I appreciated the fresh ingredients, but everything just fell a little short .  The drinks were good... but took 15 minutes to arrive.  The pork belly lettuce wraps were tasty... but were prepared on lettuce too tiny to not end up having to use a fork to eat it.  The molasses cornbread was original and just about perfect -- the highlight of the meal.  I got the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick for my meal, but  the Maple glaze was too spicy and too sweet, although the fried farm egg was perfect on top of the potato hash (which would have been better warm than cold -- not sure how it was intended to be prepared).  
Based on other reviews, I hope it was just a very off night.4.5 stars!! Yummy food & comfortable environment. Next time I'm back in NO, I will for sure come back hereI cannot remember when I ate better than on New Year's Eve at Dante's Kitchen in the Black Pearl along the Riverbend in the lovely underbelly of swanky Uptown New Orleans. The dishes were as creative as they were exquisite. The place had personality as well as making magic in our mouths. And even on a night as busy as New Years, the atmosphere was intimate and the service attentive. The Shrimp and Grits with homemade panbread and the yummy signature drinks that we had there were out-of-control good and are likely to be branded on our parietal lobes for some time to come.Great restaurant off the beaten path with an emphasis on local, seasonal food and innovative cocktails. There are many menu items with New Orleans flare as well as a few outside of that cuisine. I had the vegi farmers plate with tofu and it was not only delicious but very refreshing after a vacation filled with deep fried oysters, soft shell crab and creamy everything. Our party of 4 sat outside and loved the ambiance. Cocktails were delicious.A friend suggested this place for dinner and so we joined them there. I had the Chicken Under a Brick, which was absolutely fantastic. It was cooked just right and was juicy and delicious. I also tried some of the mashed potatoes, which were probably some of the best I can remember having. Our waitress was very kind and helpful and although it was a bit pricey for what it was I had a great time.This is a review *only* for brunch and Dante's Kitchen does brunch right! 
There's something about eating brunch in a big ol' converted house that makes you vow to never spend late weekend mornings any other way.  But don't think the ambiance is old timey country kitchenesque, rather it's far more modern & sophisticated (yet not at the risk of losing the homey vibe). We wanted to eat on the patio, as it was a really nice day, but it was closed by the time we arrived at 1pm. I was OK with that because inside is just so lovely. But next time, that patio has my name written on it. 
I appreciate that they don't accept reservations for brunch. Why, because I never ever decide until it's like noon on a Saturday or Sunday that brunch is all but necessary to function for the rest of the day. I can't plan brunch, I just have to feel it to want it. So thanks, Dante's Kitchen, for appealing to us impulsive folks.
You need to know: it's a crime to NOT order a Bloody Mary here. Don't expect bells and whistles as far as garnish goes and that's fine with me because when the drink is this good, it doesn't need much embellishment. You get an olive, a house pickled green bean or two, a piece of celery and lemon and that's it. I ordered my Bloody in the extra spicy version so it was made with pepper vodka. My man ordered a regular Bloody Mary and that too is spicy, so take note if you're a wuss and need it weak. This is *Dante's* Kitchen, after all and didn't Dante love him some Hell? Easily one of the best Bloody Marys I've ever had. In fact, it's reason alone to come here for brunch.
Oh, but yeah, the food is good, too. Phenomenal grits. I ordered them plain but "plain" is an understatement (you can order them with cheese too). They are incredibly rich and the texture just right. I had awful grits at a venerable NOLA institution last week that were lumpy and milky, so don't take good grits for granted! I also ordered a veggie omelette. Note that I don't like eggs and rarely if ever eat them. With that caveat, I'd say it was OK, but I gave half away and turned my full attention to the grits. I loved that it contains Gruyere and roasted tomatoes, but the shittake mushrooms had a rubbery texture (as they often do) that didn't work with the eggs. Again, I am not a fan of eggs, so take this as you will. There are sweet breakfasty things that look delish, but I'm more into savory stuff when it comes to breaking my fast. Next time, I'm going full starch ahead and ignore my inner qualms about not having protein first thing. I regret not ordering the biscuits as they look incredible.
My ultimate plan, however, is to finally get here for dinner and try the Local Farm Vegetable Plate with tofu. It looks like the menu changes on the regular, a good thing, so I look forward to returning as soon as possible.Wow. We found this place for Sunday brunch, got a table right away, and we were very pleased. Great food, service and atmosphere. We'll be back to try the house made bitters.I became and still am obsessed with this place!.. 
This super colorful and hidden away restaurant is well worth anyone's time.  It is not over priced, anything on the menu is brilliant and if you love iced totti's and bloody mary's with brunch you are set. 
Experience this place and we all can start of club of loyal worshipers.This place is charming and utilizes locally harvested ingredients, which is always fun! The only problem is that the food is sometimes under seasoned, but overall it is very good. The brunch is by far the best of their menus, start off with the biscuits, they are moist and delicious and served with a variety of local jams. Every single thing on the brunch menu is delicious, that being said, order something unique! The corned beef hash and the duck confeit are my favorites! 
As far as dinner goes, they serve a spoon bread that is drool worthy, but otherwise it does not compare to their brunch! 
Cocktail options are amazing as well, especially the Bloody MaryI love this place because the food is great, service is exceptional, and the drinks are strong. Well worth the price.OH.MY.GOD.
Can I just say, you'd think reading all these extremely positive reviews would give me too high of expectations for this place.  But no - it's good to read the reviews, to find out the star dishes of this place.
First of all, I loved that this place was casual and set inside a house.  The different rooms had a lot of character, and it was a nice break from the other stuffy "fine dining" establishments that get the good reviews in New Orleans.  I'm sorry, but I just don't like having to dress up to have a good meal, because I was here on vacation and didn't have any of my nice clothes with me.
Now usually I dislike rating a restaurant based on a few good dishes, if they serve a lot of mediocre ones.  But I can't help but give Dante's a 5 star rating anyway - maybe I did my homework and only ordered their best dishes, but all I can say is, this was probably one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life.
Let me preface this by saying I am extremely impatient and dislike when a restaurant messes things up for me.  And this definitely happened at Dante's... we sat in a room with about 4 tables - we were the first ones who ordered in the room, yet everyone else got their bread before us (meaning, our bread got delivered to the wrong table THREE TIMES)  Apparently some of the kitchen staff really can't figure out table numbers.  If it wasn't for our super friendly, awesome waiter "Tiny" (his real name is Larry but they write "Tiny" on the bill as a joke) I would probably have been extremely upset throughout the entire meal.
Luckily we had a great waiter, so I let the kitchen staff errors slide.
The spoon bread, when we finally received ours, was so delicious, it was worth the wait.  I wanted one for myself, but am glad I didn't ask for it, because it would have made me too full to enjoy the rest of the meal.
We got sweet potato mash, the chicken under a brick, and the three mignons.  I also ordered a bourbon sampler kuz, why not?
The sweet potato mash was very good - sweet but not overly sweet.  I couldn't really taste the root beer in it, unfortunately.
The chicken under a brick was the star of the night.  Seriously, if you come here, you HAVE to try this dish.  The maple glaze sauce was simply divine.  I could not get enough of it!  And at first I thought the hash that came on the side was just okay - it's a pile of smokey potatoes with a runny egg laying on top.  But once I broke the egg and the yolk ran down the smoky potatoes, it turned the hash into a creamy delight.  
The three mignons were also delicious, but were upstaged by the chicken.  I liked the different flavors of the different beef medallions.
Our super waiter felt so bad for the bread mix-up that he comped 2 desserts for us, which was also unnecessary but so nice of him.  We tried the tomato gelato which was surprisingly good and refreshing (tho it tasted like it could have been tomato-watermelon).  We also got the olive oil cake, which was also delicious.  I had a hard time stuffing it all in after the delicious entrees, so I didn't have much of the cake.
If I ever come back to Nawlins, even if only for a night, I am definitely coming back to Dante's.  It's very rare that a restaurant makes this great an impression on me.This place is awesome!  Located in a, what use to be house, with friendly staff!  There are some local art on walls of this restaurant that is available for purchase.  This place somewhat gives a punk rock-like vibe, however the food is awesome.  We only tried this place for brunch so this review is strictly on brunch, we ordered the following items:
- Steak & Eggs, which is a grilled tenderloin with poached eggs topped with a bernaise sauce and served over hash browns, this was very flavorful, and delicious, however on all of our dishes, the eggs were slighty overcooked, which was very disappointing (hence the 1 start taken away)
- Dante's Eggs Benedict, which is a roasted rosemary rubbed pork loin, sliced, and served over a buttermilk biscuit with honey, poached eggs, and hollandaise, the pork loin was delicious, however, one of my biscuits were burnt, and not being a complaining person, I did not bring it up, and the eggs on this dish was also overcooked, and was not given enough hollandaise..
- Roasted Banana Pecan Pancakes with Smith Creamery butter and cane syrup, was very delicious, I can eat this all day!
- Cheese Grits, which consists of a variety of cheeses, was very good and cheesy, my companion isn't a big grit fan, but after this, she changed her mind!
Overall, if every dish was cooked to perfection, it would of been fabulous, and because I know that those things can be easily fix, this place have a good potential of my return.We tried to eat the whole city, and Dante was one of our stops. We ordered some shrimp & grits for pickup en route to the bayou. Although it was a little cold when we finally got to it, it was still DELICIOUS. I really wish we had time to have a proper meal here. The place is super cute, the staff very accommodating, and there were so many things on the menu I wanted to try! If the shrimp & grits were any indication, you can't go wrong with the other choices.Wow. This place has it all: knowledgeable  wait staff, locally grown food, delightful wine list, well prepared food, and creative menu. Loved the intimate setting as well. Restaurant is in an out-of-the-way neighborhood at the far end of the Garden District. Well worth the Über drive from downtown New Orleans. 
I had the red fish and lump crab. And the sorbet for dessert was delightful with flavor that exploded in my mouth.I really enjoyed Dante's. Our server was very sweet and obvious has a lot of love for food and the chef he works with. Just as I sat down, he swung by with dishes for another table so I could get a preview of the food. Nice touch! It certainly whet my appetite.
The vibe of the restaurant is awesome. It's nice to eat in an old house and still have classy, local fare. The cuisine is modern Southern/Cajun.
The drinks were great. Good wine list.
If I lived in New Orleans, I would be here a lot.