Thanks Raymond for taking care of us tonight. 
Great customer service. You deserve a medal for understanding our wants & needs.Great courtyard and better food and service. It's a great change of pace from the more congested and louder parts of the city. I've had the crawfish dog on all my visits and look forward to coming back next time I'm in town.This is my all time favorite hotdog place ever. It caters to not only meat eaters but also vegetarians and vegans. They have amazing fries, and they always make sure that they get your order correct. The service is great, and the workers are always extremely nice. The process is pretty quick for the most part, and they offer indoor and outdoor seating. If you're looking for a hotdog, I would 100% recommend this place.Great hot dogs with a good variety of sausages and toppings. We had the crayfish dog and the seadog (cod), both delicious. It has nice outdoors sitting where you can enjoy your meal and a beer while watching some football.I loved this place! 
I'm vegan and Dat Dog came as a recommendation from a friend. They have several Field Roast vegan dog options, which is awesome. I buy field roast brand for making meals at home (the best vegan sausages in my opinion) so I chose my favorite, Apple Sage. (For vegans out there: Italian is also good, I don't think Chipotle is good at all, even though I tend to like Chipotle-flavoring generally).
I love that they have tons of options to add-on to the hot dogs. I got grilled onions, creole mustard, and sweet relish. I especially loved the Creole mustard. The bun was so soft and lightly toasted and this dinner really hit the spot. Their fries are very tasty too! Get them with a side of the Creole mustard. I also got a punch from the bar which was delicious.
What I loved the most about Dat Dog was the ambience. They play fantastic music, and it's a chill fun vibe. I sat in the outdoor area with beautiful lights and picnic tables. Perfect for a summer night.There is absolutely nothing healthy on the menu, and it is wonderful. 
Describing Dat Dog as a "hot dog place" does not do it justice. You arent getting some super-processed weenie on a bun. There's tons of sausages to choose from: smoked Cajun sausage, bratwurst, duck sausage, crawfish saussage, alligator... even multiple vegetarian options! My favorite is the spicy chipotle veggie dog, because Im not big on meat, but I had a bite of my boyfriend's alligator dog and it was great too..but seriously, spicy chipotle veggie dog. The best. I greatly dislike plain white bread (because Im annoying), so I was really suspicious of what kind of bun I would get at first. But the bun is awesome too! Its some type of sourdough I think, and its soft & chewy but grilled and perfect. You get as many toppings as you want on your dog, and they have too many to list - everything up to crawfish etoufee to guac. 
The fries. MMMMM. So crispy and perfect and good. I like em plain, but they also have some etoufee fries that are amazing. Sometimes I just skip the dog and make an ensemble of fries with  a ton of toppings - you can customize a fries order with any combo of toppings available for dogs if you like. My recommendation: guac, pico, cheddar cheese & jalapeno. Like nachos but with fries. Let that sink in for a minute. 
You order at a kitchen window in the back of the restaurant and they bring your order out to you. They have a bar that is situated so that it is half inside and half outside, making it easy to get drinks. My only complaint about Dat Dog is that they staff the bar really light... it can take forever to get a served because they have 1 or 2 bartenders for everyone in the restaurant (as there isnt table service). Decent variety of beer and they have some specialty cocktails, but Im more of a beer person so I havent tried them. 
The outside patio is lovely, its one of my favorite places to go on a pretty day. They also have trivia (I think on Wednesdays), Ive been a few times and trivia night is really fun.We drove two hours just to eat here again for Father's Day.   The service was just as good the second time around.  Nick took our order and was so helpful!   My husband and kids love hot dogs so this is by far their favorite place to eat.  I don't normally eat hot dogs but Dat Dogs has changed that for me.  I eat the Duck Special.  It's a turducken dog with a blackberry compote on top. Omg, yummy!   I have never driven two hours to eat anywhere but have for Dat dogs.   We will definitely be back soon!!Best fucking hot dogs for late night munchies. I had the alligator with sauerkraut and ketchup it was great. My wife had the Bacon Werewolf and I had food envy! The buns were crispy, sweet and the perfect match for the dogs! The dogs were crispy, meaty, and packed a ton of flavor!! Highly recommend even if you're sober! If your a hot dog enthusiast you cannot skip Dat Dog!I would happily eat here every day of my life. I went with a large group (10 people) that included a vegetarian, some very picky eaters and some food snobs (myself included) and we all found something we absolutely loved. Not one of us had a bad review of our food. I had the Dat Chick and that bacon cheddar ranch fries. Both were to die for. I love the large menu and the laid back atomsphere. Plus the staff was super nice and accommodating considering we were asking lots of questions and had so many orders. The only downside is that there isn't one in Miami!Alligator sausage with crawfish etoufee, guacamole, and creole mustard? Only at Dat Dog will you try this awesome concoction. The combinations are endless!Bread on the dog is so good. Really that's the only thing that stood out. I had the crawfish etoufee which was ok.The kitchen staff made excellent suggestions.  Asked what I thought looked interesting and then recommended a dog that I LOVED!!  Cool vibe, great food!  The bacon ranch fries were awesome!!Had to stop by here after reading about all of the different sausages and fry toppings. I got the etoufee fries, which are delicious. If anything, I should've asked to double that etoufee because one can never have enough. Paired that with a margarita and I was one happy lady. The BF got the alligator sausage and wasn't able to choose what toppings, so he asked that they choose for him. He was very happy. The service here was really great, super nice people and lots of seating. It's definitely a fun place for lunch.Came in for lunch at Dat dog on a Monday and it was quite busy.  Atmosphere was great as was food and beer selectionI don't understand this location and I don't know why I keep coming back. The food is good like the other locations. My main problem is the bar service. It is the same blonde girl with the nose ring (Kathleen) that ruins every time we come. She obviously doesn't want to work. She actively avoids the customers at the bar. She walks around looking down at the ground and at the bottles but not the customers. There was also another guy with a beard, glasses and man bun. He's not much better. It took us 10 minutes to order our drinks and another 15 to close out our bill. I'd be very interested to see what it's like here when there are more than 10 people at the bar. I'm going to stick with the Freret location.Here with my family. We got a bunch of Dat Dogs. We went Dat crazy!!! The cheddar bacon ranch fries were unbelievable. I thought the étouffée dog was the best until I had the Dat Chic and Dat Burger. Phenomenal!!! Then we had the Duck Special...even better!!! Crazy good! Smokey and sweet and full of flavor. I'm about to try the gator dog if my nephew will let me have a bite :) FYI...have a Dat Beer. Hoppy IPA. Very, very good.Good hot dogs, polite staff. 4 stars because it took almost 10 minutes to get my hot dog. The place has a bar right when you enter and also a big backyard with big seating area. Selection of hot dogs is pretty good especially if you like seafood. Prices are reasonable.This is for the new Dat Dog on Magazine. It's as good as the original on Freret, but I prefer the decor in the other one. The Magazine location has a bigger outdoor area, with a bar that's combo inside/outside bar. It would be nice if they had heat lamps outside for when it's cold outside, but that's not a big deal because it doesn't often get really cold.
The people working are great and went out of their way to accommodate us when we had a large group of 8. Also, they put Grumpy Cat on their tip jar. That alone is worth an extra star.Great hot dogs, okay fries. We were walking down Magazine Street, and we were starving. Dat Dog's really hit the spot. There is lots of outdoor seating on tables and benches, so this is a great place for a group to eat, drink, and relax.It is funny to me that designer hot dog places are growing in scope and popularity. It is the main thing on the menu here and it is not that bad. I am sure you can get a regular hot dog, but they are known for their specialty dogs that come on a variety of flavors, toppings, etc. Anything you can imagine in or on a hot dog, you can get it here. They also serve a lot of beer and have trivia night on Wednesday nights. 
Place was fine and fun, but still just hot dogs and fries dressed up for fun.I can go and on about how great Dat Dog is. Service can sometimes be a little slow, but the amazing dogs and fries make up for it. Anything from the slovenian dog to the crawfish dog is incredibly delicious, and there aren't many places outside of NOLA that have food as unique as this. My personal favorite sausage that you can't go wrong with is the gator sausage. Also, I recommend ordering them chef's choice because they always think of some unique and delicious combination of toppings that go with the actual dog. Fries wise, I'd go with the bacon cheddar ranch or the white trash fries. This place is also very cheap and fun so bring along people visiting you from out of town because everyone loves it!First time, food was great. The dogs are pretty massive and filling, wife and i split one and an order of fries. This is the "pinks" of New Orleans. Ordered the werewolf, its was good, i dont see why its a fav, nothing spectacular about it. The bacon cheesy fries were better than the dog. The bun is great, but too big, it over powers the dog. Outdoor sitting was great. Will return to try another dog, the Guiness Dog sounded great.Great food. Beer is expensive though. I love that there are changing tables in both the men's and women's restrooms.The toppings variety was great! I just wish the veggie dog was like an actual dog and not a veggie burger sliced in half. I liked being there tho!This place was pretty good; great ambiance, location (had to check out Frenchmen!), and good beer selection!
Loved the variety of dogs available, and it was perfect because we had a vegan friend with us and she had plenty of options too.  She got the Spicy Chipotle Veggie dog with vegan toppings (yum!), my other friend got the Apple Sage (vegan) dog, and I went for the crawfish sausage (when in NOLA....) which I really enjoyed since it wasn't too crawfishy, but you could definitely taste it, though still had the texture of a sausage.  I would have wanted to try to loaded fries, but we had TACHOS on the mind for next door-- so we skipped that.
All in all, I would definitely recommend this place, as all the options appear to be delicious.  However, in the end, you're paying $8 for a hot dog.  But this would really hit the spot after some bar crawling on the block.This was by far the MOST AMAZING HOT DOG EVER!!!!!! The creole mustard is amazeballs! I got the standard beef hot dog and for it being a standard hot dog, it was still the best ever. I really didn't go too wild with just chili, cheese, onion and mustard. But you can tell that the chili is home made and the bun melts in your mouth like buttah! My hubby was a bit more daring with alligator dog and let the chef go wild, and wild the chef went. We both were oogling over the deliciousness that was in our mouths. Also make sure you try the chili cheese fries, just do it because if you're visiting NOLA, you're here for the atmosphere and the food; so splurge darn it!! You won't regret it!!!A great hotdog place to grab a bite.  All the dogs we tried were delicious.  The Saint was my favorite. It has a nice heat and aftertaste.  I can't wait to come back here again.  My only complaint is that they were out of all the ice cream flavors so no shakes, or root beer floats.   They were also out of the ginger soda.  I'd definitely come here again and if you are looking for a satisfying, quick bite you should too.Bacon werewolf, poppy tookem fries. The dog was delicious and the fries were very good. Will definitely come back here. The atmosphere is boisterous, enjoyable.I never had a hot dog done like this before. I had the étouffée hot dog it was crawfish sausage topped with étouffée and toppings of your choice. There's an option on the menu that says if you can't decide from the list of toppings then you can do chefs choice and they load it for you. I chose that option and it came dressed with like a cold slaw type mixture that added more flavor to the already delicious hotdog. I also ordered the cheese fries that were pretty good too they tasted like the fries that rally's makes really crispy and well seasoned it was a great addition to the dog. 
     I sat at the bar and ordered a few drinks the bartender was really cool recommended the special drinks they were good not very strong but they tasted good. This place is worth a visit if you are in new orleans on vacation or even if you live here and are just looking for another spot to frequent.Food is fun and the atmosphere is great. Everything takes forever. I ordered one hotdog and a side of fries and waited 35 minutes for my order. Asked about it twice and got very ambiguous responses. Food was cold on arrival. I just got a shrug when I asked about it. I really wanted to love this place, but I do not think I'll be returning.Yummy! If you're into hot dogs or sausages, then you might consider this place heaven. 
With an assortment of sausages and toppings, it can be very difficult to put together flavors that work together. In usual fashion, I had our server help me with the toppings. 
I tried the crawfish, alligator and turducken sausages. My server made the selections for the toppings which made each creation uniquely flavorful.
I loved this place. One of the many reasons to come to New Orleans.This place is super cool and laid back. The food and  service was amazing!!! The bartender (Tyler) was very personable and attentive. He gave us a few suggestions on must try local spots. We will definitely be back!!!!I had wanted to try Dat Dog for a long time. What a disappointment. It was nearly empty at 12:30 on a weekday. Kept it simple for my first try and ordered the smoked brat with chili, cheese and onions. That plus fries and a drink came to $13+ after tax, which is ridiculous. The brat was burned and the chili was a cold, putrid glob of muck that had to come from a can. I actually felt insulted. If you can get past the name, Dreamy Weenies on Rampart is 100x better than this garbage.Very cool place with an interesting variety on dogs. A little pricey for the portion size (you probably need 2 dogs if you're really hungry) but it's worth it.  A good lunch and drink pit stop on Magazine.Ths is the first Dat Dog that I went to...I tried the crawfish eutofee dog which was pretty good.  The second time I went, the sausage was slightly overdone.  Somewhat expensive for a hotdog but good for going once to try.Dat Dog is a fun spot for drinks or a high end Hot Dog or Brat of your choosing. Almost an endless selection of condiments and add ons for your dog as well as specialty dogs for the season or a holiday.  Their fries are amazing and come plain or topped with Cheddar or chilli or both. 
Out door seating availability for those that bring their own Dog while they eat their hotdog. The establishment is very open air and TVs are on if you want to catch the game. 
Oh, leave a tip in the jar and see what happens. 
Finally....kinda pricey, it's easy to spend 30 bucks for 2 with drinks fries and tip.Dog, why get rid of the Asian slaw?!    Would have been nice to hear the Saints game not some random music in the background. Otherwise, food =ahmazing.Solid hot dogs - with a variety of options available. We had the smoked sausage with creole mustard as well as the alligator sausage with creole mustard and onions. The buns were delicious - definitely perfect for these types of "dogs." My fiancé and I attempted to consume the crawfish étouffée dog as well - the crawfish sausage was too intriguing not to try. It was so flavorful and tasted just we had hoped it would. The other two dogs were just too big for us to finish the third! I'd go back to this place anytime - great price, solid food, awesome ambiance.We stopped in after checking out the art market outside on a Sunday. Tried the crawfish etouffee dog. Unusual and very flavorful. Just be sure to grab plenty of napkins - it's messy!I went in here earlier and had the crawfish sausage hot dog and it really tasted great for being a loaded-up hot dog for $7.75.  The staff was friendly and they did a "Tip, tip, hooray!" when I left a tip, so that was definitely an added bonus.  I would return in the future to this Dat Dog!I've been a fan of Dat Dog since its humble beginnings, which is why I was so bitterly disappointed by my first meal on Magazine.
The buns dwarf the dogs to a transparently cost-cutting extent, and are so sugary that the aftertaste is unpleasant. The dog itself was still so great I just ended up eating the last bites without the bun. $7.50 for a 78% sugar bun is not appealing.
Sad to say, but I most likely won't eat another Dat Dog.Had the duck special here which was amazing. Would definitely get it again if it's available. This place is within walking distance of my house, which is great, and I adore the decor and the outdoor seating. Haven't been to the one uptown, so I can't compare, but if you're in the Irish Channel and in the mood for a great, albeit very heavy, meal, I definitely recommend this place.Delicious food! Outside eating area was super clean, surprisinlyg clean especially for an outdoor New Orleans eatery! Staff goes the extra mile. Yummy fries!Tons of unique hot dogs! I was super skeptical when my sister said she wanted to take me to a hot dog place, but I was blown away by the amount of options besides just a plain hot dog. I really wanted the Alligator dog, but they were out, so I settled for the Crawfish and it was DELICIOUS. I went simple and just got cheese and pico on top. Definitely get a side of the fries! I will definitely be back to try out the alligator! 
They had a large selection of both local and regional beers, which was awesome for an out-of-towner like myself. They also brew their own beer, which was quite tastey!Dat Dog has got to be the best hot dog joint EVER!!!! From the dozens of topping, literally, that you can choose from!!!!! It's a good thing I live across the lake or I'd be there on a regular basis......Stopped by Dat Dog on a food tour of Magazine Street so this is a limited review.  Tried the Alligator dog and a couple of their flavored sodas and all I can say is...YUM!!!  Next time we are in NOLA we will stop for the full meal deal.  Super cute colorful and festive decor.  Look it up!I love Dat Dog.  New food truck at Tulane is clutch. Always go chefs choice...they know what they're doing. Also gator dog is probably the best, but all of them are tasty. I will always be a fan!Finally made it to the Magazine location.  Big fan of the one on Freret, and the Magazine location didn't disappoint.  Same overall concept, with the bright colors (Simon gone wild) and emphasis on out door seating, but the inside is much larger than the Freret location.
Best hot dogs (they actually has many different kinds of meats in tube form...not just dogs) in the city, with you selecting the type of dog you want and then the condiments.  Great selection of both so you can go many times and always get something different.  I love their fries and get the Poppy Tooker each time.  There is also a full bar and a decent selection of beers.
You order and then take a seat.  When your order is ready they scream your name to find you...so be creative!  Go get a hot dog (and fries)...you will be glad you did!This place was better than the famous Pinks Hot dogs in Hollywood. Love their toppings and the different dogs they had.It could have been that my group just lucked out and chose winning combinations, but we were three for three. You also can't go wrong with the white trash fries. What probably sets this place apart from other hot dog joints I've tried is the bun. Really, we all agreed that the bun may have been what made these dogs great.Amazing hot dogs with a ton of topping choices! I love how you can out as many toppings as you want with no extra charge. 
I ordered the crawfish étouffée dog while my boyfriend got the sea dog with an array of toppings. Personally I didn't like the spices in the creole mustard, but all the other topping mixed well. 
The fries are seasoned really well, I could eat them plain (and I usually drench my fries in ketchup!). The white trash fries are basically chili cheese fries with sour cream, guacamole, and jalapeños.On our hop on hop off bus tour, we decided to stop by Dat Dog to try some specialty hot dogs.  The outside looks very colorful, fun, and inviting.  We tried the crawfish sausage, alligator sausage, and duck sausage.  We were overwhelmed with the variety of condiments..so we had our trusty bartender pick the condiments for us.  They were all absolutely delicious.  The craw fish was my favorite.    The dogs are about $7.75 each, a little pricey but the portions are pretty big and the condiment varieties makes up for it.Great unqunie place to get to get a hot dog in NOLA. You are sure to find something different at this place. Great food/Great vibes.This gourmet hot dog shop was a perfect treat on a rainy Saturday. Unfortunately the art market we wanted to go to was canceled because of the weather, but the food made up for it. The price is a bit steep for those who don't like a bunch of toppings and the wait was a bit long for how quiet the restaurant was, but the food was great. There are a lot of choices when it comes to your meal so make sure to take in the menu before you visit so you're not completely overwhelmed while trying to order. Overall this was a good experience at a unique New Orleans restaurant and I will definitely be returning!I paid for it so I ate it. Does not work as an NYC type of hot dog (the carts are much better) or as a "gourmet"hot dog. 
As an added bonus it was cold.Dat Dog is awesome! I've been to hot dog places throughout the country and Dat Dog is truly one of a kind. If you pass by and even consider this place is an option to eat the answer is YES without any hesitancy.First I want to state I'm not a hot dog fan so rather than my initial 3 I'm giving Datdog a 4 due to the fact I had no real expectations to go off of. I had got the Guinness Dog which I first thought was a hot dog and not a sausage. In turn it was a large sausage lol. It wasn't bad but It wasn't for me. The rest of my party enjoyed theirs for the most part. The overall rating I'm giving is based off the cool atmosphere and the fact the dude at the register tolerated my corny jokes lol. Cool spot overall in your into beer n dogs.Not too shabby although the place was empty. The hot dogs is yummy with the shakes! I will be coming back for some moreGreat hotdog/sausage place with a fun relaxed atmosphere and good customer service both at the counter and in the restaurant. First time in Nola and first time exploring the area. This place seemed like a great spot to try for lunch.
I ordered crawfish sausage and bacon ranch fries. Fries were ok, good but nothing special. The sausage was amazing, never had anything like it. My colleague had a alligator sausage and said it was also good. 
Worth a visit!Yeah sorry, wasnt impressed. Not serving alcohol yet, no menus, hotdog was pretty small, fries came out 7mins AFTER i finished my hotdog, pomme frite fries were flavorless and almost choked on a wad of parsley. 45 mins later I was home and experiencing stomach pains. I suspect it was the fries. they tasted odd.Walking down Magazine and were entranced by the vibrant colors and joyous noise pouring outside from within. We were not really hungry but couldn't' resist the opportunity to try a Dat Dog. We ordered a Chicago Style Dog and coming from Illinois this hot diggity dog is sign, sealed and deserves to delivered as a Chicago style dog. It was so good, we thought about ordering another one, but decided to just vow to come back again. I used to despite hot dogs/hot sausge, anything that came in a link form, after reading Upton Sinclaire's The Jungle, but this place brought me back to my senses.The place wasn't packed but there was a regular flow of patrons... I got a seat on the bar in the open "courtyard" .. In the weather, it was a beautiful setting.. I am unable to name the two glasses of beer that I enjoyed, but one of them was distinctly sweet and very light on the palate..second one was a dark beer, flavorful and tangy..
I ordered the crawfish sausage hot dog and their standard fries... Great combination of mustard sauce, onions and tomatoes on the hot dog, found the fries a little soft for my liking but overall they were better than the usual fare you find at stock places.. I felt they were a bit overpriced considering the fact that the rest of the menu was actually priced very well...
Thoroughly enjoyed an easy afternoon, look forward to another trip before I head back home to the land of road side hot dogs aka NYC .  :-) will miss dat dog for sure...Not impressed by the selection. The weiner, sausage, hot dog- whatever you choose- is a great foundation for a delicious food. But sometimes, keeping it simple is better. 
CON:The Chicago dog was too sweet, the all-beef weiner had a weird taste and the bread was soggy by the time I got it. And the cheese fries were ok: nice fries with grated yellow cheese melted on it
PRO: Place has a cool vibe, and people are laid back.This place is very friendly and the staff is very accommodating. They let us bring in outside food and the bartender offered me a refill on my soda pop (since I had ice cream left over). They have a bunch of flatscreens for big games and the ambiance is great. Gotta try the alligator dog!!Dat Dog Haikus part II 
Part I is here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/dat-dog-new-orleans-2?hrid=oNyuc1N5fSlGg49HMsyKuA
Oh, Hallelujah!
Praise God and all of the Saints!
They take credit cards.
This scenic vista
What an expansive courtyard
Fancy hotdog place
Beautiful hotdogs!
Shove them in my face quickly,
So I may drink beer
One: Eat a hot dog
Two: Get a tattoo next door
Three: Success at life
So many tube meats!
Wieners, hotdogs, sausage, franks
so much fun to say!This place is funky and fun with good prices and a bunch of toppings to choose from. I got the hot bratswurth, with onion, tomatoes, creole mustard, and sour cream. It was super yummy and juicy. It wasn't spicy however. I'm from New Orleans though, so unless I'm crying and my nose is running it's not hot enough, haha. But still very good. Excited to go back and try the rest!Best wiener in town!! Wish we have this in Cali!! So many options to choose from.  Place is well decorated. Cool staff!!Really love this place. I've had the polish sausage and the Slovenian both excellent.  The bun they use is very good which is key to me.  Ton of options for toppings, and if your indecisive they recommend some to you.  And there is a huge outdoor area with park benches.  I come here on Wednesdays for trivia and it's a ton of fun.Dat Dog is awesome. There are many dogs to choose from and no matter which you choose you can't go wrong! Expert dogologists will create a weekly masterpiece or order off the menu with the toppings you want. This location is in what was a uniform store next to New Orleans Music Exchange at Magazine & Louisiana. The staff is awesome!!!! One of my favorite places!!!!What a shame this place has gone downhill
We used to walk up here 2-3 times a week
Now, maybe once every several months
Today stopped by to grab a beer or 2 sat down out on patio & sat there for 10-15 minutes then left
Saw bartender waking back & forth chatting with a man asking what he does etc
She never knew I was there
So I left
Now down at bulldog have been waited on & asked if "I'm good"
ŸSaw this place on a Youtube food review show called Day of Gluttony. I've been to both the Magazine Street location and the Frenchmen Street location. The Magazine Street location is WAY nicer with more seating and a nice outdoor area with a bar. The service at both locations was top notch. 
I've had the crawfish fries, bacon werewolf sausage, and the Guinness sausage here.  Between the two sausages I preferred the bacon werewolf since the sausage itself tasted better on that one. The Guinness sausage tastes like a Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage and the Guinness flavor is not that good. These sausages were ok but really nothing groundbreaking to me. 
 The stand out dish in my opinion from here is the crawfish fries. The fries themselves taste like Checkers/Rallys fries and have the same crunchy consistency. That's already a win in my book. But then the fries are covered in a crawfish etouffee with diced tomatoes and sour cream. I recommend mixing this dressing up evenly over the fries. This was the first time I've ever had crawfish and initially I wasn't a fan of the fishy taste and oyster like chewiness when I ate the pieces individually with a fry. Mixing the dressing up evenly distributes the flavor of the crawfish (drowning out the fishy flavor) and adds a meaty element to the dish that I appreciated. The tomatoes and sour cream really works well with the etouffee, providing some contrasting flavors to the dish. I'm usually not that hype about chili fries and dishes like that but this particular dish really impressed me and I highly recommend it if you should ever decide to stop in. 
Check out my pictures of the dogs and fries.After exploring the Garden District for several hours we decided to look for a late afternoon nosh.  I had read about Dat Dog after researching New Orleans lunch spots on Yelp but was pleasantly surprised upon walking in to see that they also had a full bar!  Seeing as we were parched from walking and the humidity, it felt as though we were being rewarded by the universe for making such a good choice.   And good choice it was- we had some delicious sandwiches- honestly I cant remember which ones- but I imagine that they are all good.   I mean, how does one go wrong with grilled bread topped with any variety of sausages and toppings?  You don't.  The staff and atmosphere seem very laid back- perfect for an afternoon snack.The food is excellent and the staff are friendly. The only thing keeping them from getting five stars is that they are a cash only business - no cards accepted.
True to their name they have a wide variety of sausages and hot dogs ranging from kielbasas to Italian sausages, andouille, bratwurst and more. The restaurant is a monument to the sausage. They do have vegetarian sausages as well, and the occasional specials they offer locally made sausages. They are served on a wonderful Italian bread bun that is just about perfection in bread form. 
I suggest getting the chef dressed variant of whatever particular sausage you order, they have never done me wrong. During happy hour the drinks are two for one; however they give you a token for another drink that they will honor pretty much whenever. 
They are also a dog friendly establishment. It's a great place to take your puppy with you if you want to sit outside with them.The food was pretty good but I haven't had such unfriendly service anywhere else in New Orleans. The cashier was incredibly surly- no smiles, no nothing. I asked for a recommendation between two options and she shrugged and said nothing. I'd read online that they have shakes and homemade sodas, so when I asked about drink options, she basically just pointed me towards a row of fountain sodas, so I ended up ordering one of those before seeing that you could get better drinks at the actual bar. And then it took me almost half an hour to get my food. The clearly unenthusiastic service made the weird cheer they all do when they get a tip even weirder- like it all just felt terribly forced. If the stuff doesn't have energy for basic politeness, don't go through the motions of acting enthusiastic about your tips. Dat Dog is, to be honest- gussied up drunk food, and there are other places in the city where the service is substantially better and the food is just as good. I probably won't be back here.3 stars because the vegan hot dogs are just Field Roast sausages - nothing special or exciting about that. I could make it at home for the same price and get 6 dogs out of it! What saved this place was their good local beer selection and happy hour deal (which included a vegan dog!) Nice people, good music, funky decor, very enjoyable on a cool summer day.This place is truly a unique place to enjoy something other than the norm.  Seriously, where else can you get a Crawfish Etouffee sausage?  Of course they also had andouille sauce for the gator sausage, creole mustard, and a dozen other unique things.  It was a really fun experience, even if we probably annoyed the waitress by being indecisive for about 10 minutes.  I wish I could've tried more stuff!  The price is moderate for the portion of food you get, but it's worth it in my opinion.  The other guy that said "a hot dog is a hot dog" probably never drove in a Lexus, or drinks discount beverages from Dollar Tree.  These are not ordinary dogs.  I highly recommend it for an adventurous lunch with the family, or an interesting date option.I had a BLT on a hot dog. My man had the ranch bacon cheese fries. Calorific Glory! Lots of interesting add ons and sauces. Delicious!I've been to Dat Dog so many times. It's so simple, ask yourself, would you go to the grocery store and buy 20 toppings and top the dog yourself? Probably not, if you do you're borderline insane. Anyway, that's why we have Dat Dog. It's such a simple concept, I get annoyed that I go at times, then I remind myself I wouldn't top my hotdog like that at all. Anyways don't forget to get the white trashy fries, along with whatever dog you happen to choose. But seriously, just get the chefs special. They just have too many toppings to choose for yourself.I had been wanting to visit Dat Dog with my weenie dog for a while now (yes, I am that sort of person, taking pictures of my dog in front of signs). I can't say I am a big fan of hot dogs, but I do love a good Chicago dog from time to time.  My husband and I stopped in on our walk down Magazine St, and decided to finally give it a try. We shared the étouffée fries and a chipotle veggie dog. The fries were so delicious! I had a hard time deciding between these and the pomme frites but think I chose correctly. (I'll have the pomme frites next time!) I did think the veggie dog was a tad overly seasoned, but my husband loved it.  The ability to choose your own dog and toppings, while a seemingly great idea, is a little daunting for someone like me; when given too many options I can go a little overboard which usually results in bad combos. Mea culpa! Anyways, I was impressed with the different varieties of meat offered here - alligator? Now that is just awesome to a Southwestern girl like me. I will definitely keep it in mind on our next visit.
We sat outside, which was a great atmosphere! Big, yellow umbrellas kept us shaded, and a waitress brought over a water bowl for our dog. (thank you!) There are big screen TVA set up along the outside bar, which were perfect for watching a World Cup game. All in all, we had a good experience here and are looking forward to our next visit to try more menu items.Me and my dude just sampled the gator dog with andouille sauce, étouffée, creole mustard, onion, bacon, and tomatoes.  Weird combo... But oh soooo good.   The bun is perfectly steamed and a bit sweet. When you bite into the dog, the casing snaps a bit, which I like.  The dog itself is juicy and flavorful. Pretty addictive.Dat Dog. Dat Doooog. On Magazine St. is a little Dat Dog! 
Get it? Like Cat Dog! I think of that every time I hear "Dat Dog", but I digress.
Stopped in here the other night for a munch and I actually tried something other than my usual gator dog! I'll get to that in a minute. 
Whoa! This place is pretty huge! And with a full bar, it seems like a really cool place to hang out with friends and get a good bite to eat.
I ended up getting the hot sausage topped with cheese and onions. It was pretty good. The hot sausage could have been hotter. It could have been WAY hotter. I actually added some Crystal sauce to it in order to give it a little kick, but all in all it was pretty good. I think that I am going to stick to my gator dog when I go back though.
The staff was super friendly and talkative and asking about my night, so that was nice. I like feeling welcome at places like this.Hot dogs and sausages are among my favorite things to eat. I've eaten at most of the highest rated hot dog & sausage places in Los Angeles, and some of the higher rated ones in Chicago. So, when I say that the crawfish sausage at Dat Dog is one of the tastiest sausages I have ever had, that is saying a lot. I had the Crawfish Etouffee dog and loved it. I also loved the great beer selection and the funky atmosphere. I deeply regret was that I wasn't hungry enough to eat two, and that Dat Dog is so far from Los Angeles!Whoa this place is basically like hot dog on crack.  You basically choose the type of meat you want as your hot dog (I got the duck sausage which was great!) and then you choose as many topping as you want to create this ultimate hotdog.  
Warning: Don't go tooooooo crazy with the toppings.  There are so many delicious topping options (insert: crawfish etouufee anyone?!) that it's so easy to go a little nuts on them.  I would say after about the 3/4 one, you won't be able to taste each of the toppings and you might even feel a little sick afterwards.  So choose wisely and enjoy!Simple place to stop as your tour the Garden District- sit in their huge patio and enjoy one of their 50 beers along with loaded fries or some kind of a "dog".
I was actually surprised this place was not more crowded.  After all- the bartenders were friendly and accommodating (my friend wanted some kind of sweet mixed drink and so the bartender invented something which really hit the spot!)
We went to the back to put in a couple of orders for their fries- one with just melted cheddar and the other with cheddar and chili.  You can return to your seat after ordering as they will bring the food out for your shouting your name as they go so pay attention or you may miss your food.
The fries were a little slow coming up but once they did- they were delicious!  Tasty without being too greasy and smothered in the toppings.  Like hot dogs?  Well you can even get an alligator dog here so go wild and explore!
Bathrooms are out on the patio which make it easy for a "pit stop" even if you are not buying anything.
Drinks went in "to go" cups and we were back on our tour.  But Dat Dog really hit the spot!How can you not love this place good dogs good beer good crewFun atmosphere, fun menu, great for kids. That being said, I thought my guinness dog was just ok AND we had to wait an hour for our hot dogs because our order did not print to the kitchen. We never would have gotten our order....after 40 minutes and us refilling our drinks twice I went to ask how much longer it would be. They realized the order never printed and said they would rush it. No one noticed we were sitting there that long with no food, and with a $54 bill I expected better service. Fun atmosphere, but could be more professional. Very glad we weren't in a hurry to get to the zoo. I wish we would have realized the meters don't need money on weekends because we kept feeding it quarters since our food was taking so long. Will not be back next time we are in New Orleans even though we did enjoy the atmosphere.I love being able to say I've had an 'Alligator Meat Hot Dog' thanks to this place. It was surprisingly good, although with bacon, ketchup, mustard, and more on it you can hardly tell what that really tastes like. This place came so highly recommended from a lot of people in the area and friends that have visited, and I can now join the club of people telling you it's worth trying! 
It is a really upbeat place and unique atmosphere, with great food (make sure to get it chefs style). I'm not one for hot dogs, and spending $8-10 on a hotdog would usually make me cringe, but this is the exception because they're huge, come on amazing buns, and are loaded with awesome toppings. Go check it out!This place is AWESOME!!! They have a wide variety of beers, sausages, and toppings to choose from - all of which are fantastic. I would strongly recommend getting the crawfish sausage topped with crawfish etoufee (not to be confused with their signature crawfish dog that they for some inexplicable reason add mustard to) as well as whichever other sausage strikes your fancy topped with the andouille gravy. Pair that with a delicious local beer and maybe some of their french fries for the table and you will be in food nirvana. I know I am clouded by my love for sausages, but I cannot imagine a trip to New Orleans that did not include a trip to Dat Dogs!Great hot dogs! So tasty!
I loved the alligator sausage and the crawfish hot dog. 
Never chose the toppings because there are so many! You can just leave it up to the chef to make a concoction for you! They've never failed me yet!I love all Dat Dogs. The food is delicious. It's the only dog I even find worth eating anymore. Bacon Werewolf is great stand-by. The Duck Special is now in the rotation. Even the vegetarian ones are edible, if you add bacon or chili.
This is my favorite location now. The space is big, the design is great. The service is fast. There's ample bike parking.Very good dogs!  I tried the duck dog fixed their way, and it was outstanding.  Wife and kids weren't as daring, they had all beef dogs, but all were really good, buns are really good as well.  Good bar drinks as well, and daughter loved the floats.  Stayed for the we'd night trivia and had lots of fun.This place is awesome! Went right before thanksgiving and they had a special thanksgiving hot dog, so I made our group order one to share plus we each got our own - we were all stuffed, no fries or beer or anything extra necessary. SO YUMMY! A little tough to get to with parking, but worth it!Very tasty smoked brat - needs just a little more  caraway to be perfect. Spicy fries are right tasty. Lots of beer choices.Yup ... King Hawaian bread buns , amazing ingredients and veggie dogs!
$8 each but no sides required ... But still very tastyI visited their spot on Freret before moving away. Imagine my surprise to see this awesome space on Magazine. Nice work, Dat Dog!
I love getting a Mexican Coke float here with my food. Sometimes the food prep can take a bit, but the wait isn't too long and it's worth every hungry moment. The kielbasa is right on with the kraut, and the Chicago dog is ...almost perfect (the roll is missing poppy seeds, but have you had the roll? So good.)
I like eating at the bar, I can order through the friendly bartenders. :) Also, it's reasonably priced for what you get. I'm glad to see these guys have grown as a company.Two important developments have happened that merit an update of my review:
1) They take credit cards. Kind of. Sometimes. When the Square reader is working. While I was there recently it was first broken, then working, then broken again. But it's nice to possibly have an alternative to carrying cash.
2) They have Sweetwater on tap. The 420 is one of my favorite beers and it's great on tap. They also have Blue on tap.
Also, there's a "Specialty" menu with some pre-configured dogs, including the Chicago dog, which I always order. Since it's on a menu  I can now expect it to be made right, which has sometimes been an issue in the past with missing toppings or wrong ones.What a fun spot! It's exactly as advertised :) great spot and family friendly with a bar for adults.This is simple stated the best hot dog I have ever eaten.  From the bread, to the toppings to the dog itself - perfect.  Also has a large outdoor patio that is heated when the weather is cooler.  Loved the alligator sausage.Just as good as Dat Dog I, if not better. Bigger beer selection and just as delicious food. Had a great talk with the bar manger, he plans to have great happy hour specials. I plan to attend!A hip, funky joint with unique dogs! I wasn't feeling very adventurous so I only had a very plain pork hot dog with mayo and ketchup. With that said the bun is soft and chewy a little sweet the wiener had a little crispness as I bit through it. I enjoyed it. 
I ordered the white trash fries they were pretty good the chili tasted good so had I got it on my dog I wouldn't have been disappointed. 
My friend got the Chicago dog and she raved about it. Crunchy peppers and relish were good. 
Glad we stopped by they had some very tempting shakes, malts and homemade drinks like cream soda.Really good and cool hotdogs! What sold me is the huge outdoor space and how chill the environment is. Full of locals and a nice vibe, perfect for a Saturday afternoon or a chilled sunday. Def coming back!The hype is real y'all! I got here a few minutes before they opened looking at the menu. I settled on the duck sausage. I wasn't sure what toppings I wanted, so when I ordered it the bartender/server suggested I get it with bacon, mustard, blackberry sauce, and some other toppings I forgot.
Oh man, so darn good! I wasn't sure about the pairing, but I'm glad I decided to go with it. I had a ginger ale and a nectar soda float. The restaurant gave me real Oregon-ey vibes! Very cool & eclectic.Wow, wow, wow.  
Incredible hot dogs made out of incredible ingredients and extremely reasonable prices with great service in a cool colorful blue building in a great location (Magazine St., Uptown NOLA).  I had a Crawfish Sausage (dog) with Crawfish Étouffée toping with Bacon, fries and Barq's = Incredible.  Totally recommended.I must admit, I was a little hesitant to get excited about a hot dog restaurant but this place is bomb! I'm a simple girl so I ordered the pomme frites and German beef hot dog. I wanted to try something other than my usual ketchup, mustard and mayo on my dog so I ordered the Chef's Special topping. The Chef's Special is a variety of toppings thrown together by the chef, which ended up being absolutely delicious! There were a few things that I requested to be left out so I ended up getting a yummy topping concoction of crawfish étouffée, sour cream, ketchup, creole mayo and some other stuff. I never would have put those ingredients together but somehow they were perfect. If the weather's nice, check out the patio and outside bar - great for people watching on Magazine.I mean what can I say...Dat Dog is AH-MAZ-ING! I absolutely love the magazine location... It's so spacious and the outdoor seating area provides such a great way to enjoy the Magazine St. vibe without getting overwhelmed. The gator dog is a must. Can't lie the last time I was here the crawfish etoufee was a little disappointing. It tasted bland and watered down but out of quite a few trips I'd say one not so great time is acceptable.4 stars because I felt like it was about a 3 and my husband thought it was a 5. My hot dog wasn't anything special. I felt like the prices were high for what I was getting. I found a two small hairs on my plate .. which is maybe why I didn't feel as great about the food.People might not think about going here for the beer but it is great!  The beer list is extensive and the patio is great on a beautiful day.  Can bring the dogs which is always a plus.  Highly recommend the Wasatch Polygamy Porter.Really enjoyed this hot dog joint. Veg friendly although the veggie dog was a tad bit disappointing/dry when I tried it. The crawfish dog was amazing. I didn't eat the meat but boyfriend loved everything. Tons of variety and topping options! Cute vibe.Went in for a late night snack and was not disappointed. My husband had the Guinness dog and it was fresh and delicious, not to mention served within minutes. Great job, Dat Dog.We came upon this place as part of a tour we did. BIG SCORE! Our meal was chosen for us which turned out to be a huge bonus because I NEVER would have ordered the alligator sausage on my own. HOLY COW! Absolutely ahhhhhhmazing! Super friendly staff to boot!I have been trying to get to Dat Dog since they opened, however Magazine Street traffic has always been a hindrance of that. Today, luckily I was able to try the hot sausage dog and regular fries. 
I'm sad to say I was very disappointed.  The French fries taste like pure grease. Not that they were greasy, but it tasted like the fries had just been sitting in old grease for a while, also the ketchup bottles on the table must be off brand because even the ketchup tasted old and rancid. The dog was not much better. I expected some spice or at least a little kick from the "hot" sausage but received none. I will say that the bun is very light and airy. It's toasted at the top so it provides a nice buttery crunch  which was a tasty savior. 
The decor is very funky and attention grabbing. 
I will give this place another shot and try something different. I can't stay away from the color combo and fun vibes I get from here.I'm a longtime fan of Dat Dog Uptown and the Magazine location is no exception to the enjoyable experience I've had on Freret. I love the vibrant interior. The patio is ideal for sitting and throwing one back (hooray for the fun bar and its special specials) and the staff is extremely friendly. If I have to eat "fast food," Dat Dog is the kind of place that should be ideal considering all of the above.
But... I gotta say it. Don't you think it's high time to switch up that vegetarian "dog"? Please? A frozen veggie burger does not a top notch vegetarian hot dog make. Two years ago I heard a rumor that they'd be switching over to Field Roast sausages (which are incredible). And although I do realize such delicacies are pricey, we *are* paying about 7 bucks for the entire shebang, so what gives? Why are vegetarians penalized here with a mediocre product that we're paying just about as much for? I'm more than willing to pay a bit more for a quality product and I'm sure other vegetarians would do the same. Thanks for all those killer toppings, though. I just think about how good it *could* be if the protein were prime.
So as much as I'm a fan, until things change, it makes me less likely to want to return, I'm afraid. And I do recommend Dat Dog to anyone who loves a good hot dog (with lots of toppings) in a fun environment and yes, those fries are incredible, but I can't help it. I want something more healthy and hearty than French fries (even if my taste buds are begging for 'em).The food here is great.  It's overpriced for what it is.  $7.50 for a Chicago dog was a huge surprise.  The bun was their own, non-authentic, but a nice bread.  The rest of the dog deviated from a true chicago dog in that 1) the pickle was some overcooked dill spear, not a fresh kosher dill spear, 2) there was no celery salt and 3) they layered the mustard on top of the bun running down on both sides perpendicular to the bun opening which caused you to get a face full of mustard with every bite.  The mustard was too far from the dog, artistic yes, but it did not optimize the eating experience  sensually nor taste-wise.  Their other choices of dog are good, (had the local polish sausage and the duck sausage), but again with that artistic flair for putting sauces on dogs (see above).  A dog at my old haunt in Chicago goes for $2.40 and a 1/4 dog for $3.30 each.  Here I spent $30 (with tip) for 3 dogs, 1 order of fries and a drink.Let me be honest, I would normally give 5 stars, but they totally buckled to some idiot. Their "White Trash" fries are delicious and have everything (literally) on them...hence the word trash in the title. I went the other day and they changed the name to "WTF" fries. I found out they totally buckled because one person was offended. 
I think its sad they changed the name of the fries because one idiot was offended...the rest of us loved the name! Why couldn't you just tell them that if they were offered they didn't have to buy your product?I know, hot dogs right?  Much more... Awesome menu of sausages, dogs, burgers and great cocktails. Dinners, Drive Ins and Dives should interview Heidi, my bartender/gastronomic solution provider. 
I had the Heidi Alligator Dog (Gator-pork meat mix) with Guac, bacon, grilled onions, tomatoes, cheese, Sriracha Mayo and a special sauce concoction "Andouille Sauce". TO DIE FOR! 
Local craft brew and a shot of Cajun Rangaroux dark Rum. 
Thanks for a great lunch!Don't let this one slip by! The hot dogs are almost 8 but they do have a happy hour M-F 4-7pm that does $5 dogs. Just as an FYI the more specialty Hots dogs are not apart of happy hour ( i.e. Alligator or crawfish) 
These doggies are loaded up with toppings and are delish! Grab a seat inside or out on the patio! The staff is VERY friendly and helpful if you are just feeling overwhelmed by your choices :) The beef hot dog was very tasty but it was the alligator that stole the show! It is sweet with a little spice and was AMAZING!! We would visit here again in a heart beat!Good hot dogs and service at a reasonable price. The amazing thing about Dat Dog is no matter how much they expand they maintain the quality of their food and service. We did not have drinks so no rating there.If you're looking for something out of the ordinary, try Dat Dog. They have so many different hot dogs to choose from, and the atmosphere is so fun. 
Ordered a Chicago dog, werewolf dog, and fries. It was definitely enough good for two people. Staff was friendly and the food was great!The veggie dog is misleading. It isn't a dog at all but a cut up veggie patty disappointing. Fun atmosphere though.I went to dat dog today and I haven't been in so long. I didn't really know what I wanted to eat, but the cashier was so friendly and helpful. She made sure my food was fast and hot ! I made sure to tip her very generously. I can't wait to go backWe wanted to try alligator and found this place on Yelp. Decided to give it a try.   We had alligator sausage hotdogs, white trash fries and cheese bacon ranch fries.  There were so many toppings I couldn't decide so I had the chef dress my alligator dog (chef special alligator dog), he did good.  I couldn't tell you what was on there because I was more concerned about trying alligator.  My daughter(11 years old)  had a plain beef hotdog and thought it was the best hotdog ever.  She especially loved the bread.  The alligator hotdog was really good and I loved the white trash fries? I am happy we gave this place a try.Visited this location while in NOLA for a girls trip and was so amazed by the deliciousness of the vegetarian options!!!! I had the Spicy Chipotle dog and my friends had the Italian Sausage dog (both vegetarian). They were made on fresh, buttery hot dog buns and were loaded with flavor. We could not get enough. Out of all the food places we visited, this was by far THE best food we had in New Orleans. Service was not that great, the guy who took our order was a bit cold but the food was amazing. Highly recommended.I love Dat Dog's creative take on hot dogs/brats/weiners, etc. Excellent place if you're hungry and looking to pig out on some great hot dog work. 
Service was excellent at the bartop and a little slower coming out of the kitchen. 
I've always had a great meal when stopping by and would suggest them as a great casual lunch or after a few drinks target.I have patronized this business many a time but I can promise the faithful readers of yelp that I never will again. I came to eat at this restaurant on the night if Champagne stroll on magazine with 2 other people. We sat at the bar and I was ignored despite both my friends being quickly served and having my credit card out for upwards of 25 minutes.  I have never experienced customer service this poor, even when I lived in a third world country. I made multiple attempts to order drinks and food but the 2 bartenders on staff straight up ignored me. I am deeply disappointed with the service I received here having been a customer since 2011. This lack of customer service is ridiculous, especially considering that I regularly patronized the business. While I understand being busy, this does not excuse being rude and ignoring a customer with their credit card out.Dogs were great. Loaded fries were awesome. Great atmosphere. Will return, had so many options!Always fast service and friendly people. Great atmosphere. I always get the brat with sauerkraut and mustard. Delicious. 
I come here everytime I'm in NOLA.It was okay. I had the crawfish étouffée dog, which was good. My friend got the classic dog (Chicago) and it wasn't the best one he had.
I'd love to have a hot dog with a nice crunchy French baguette kind of bread.I'm not much of a hot dog person (I'm a vegetarian), but I do love Dat Dog.
The chipotle dog is delicious! The regular vegetarian dog is not; don't get it. And I love the cheese fries. Great spot for outdoor dining.I was feeling indecisive, so decided to go out of my mustard/chili comfort zone and get "The Bacon Werewolf." From the sound of it, I thought it would be a bacon dog, wrapped in bacon, and sprinkled with cracklins. Instead, it was a dog sprinkled with ONE piece of bacon (if that), creole mustard, tomatoes, grilled onions, relish and sauerkraut. Not really my thing but I was making an attempt to try something I wouldn't normally eat. The meat was good, but there was too much bread.
The fries were okay, they are way too much for one person, would be nice if you could get a half order. They called them pomme frites so I was kind of surprised that they didn't come with a fancy aoli on the side.
I liked the atmosphere. But my curiosity has been sated and I don't really feel the need for a repeat visit.Definitely my favorite Dat Dog location. The service here is super friendly and fast. I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends! I highly recommend the Gator Dog, it's one our their most popular choice and it never disappoints!!I've been a visitor to the Freret St location for some time now. The menu is the same, which is great, but I prefer the larger outside area on Freret. And just like the Freret St location it's cash only, which is a strange thing to do in this age of credit and debit cards. The bar at this location is comparable to the one on Freret St. as well. Other than the courtyard there really isn't much difference between the two Dat Dog locations.
Also, this location features trivia nights, if that's your thing.Food was great. Actually tried four different dogs. Phenomenal from the first to the last. Heidi was superb. Funny very outgoing and inviting. Will definitely be back. Cheap delicious dogs. Fair prices. Cold beer!This is THE BEST place to absolutely pig out at. Every dog is just amazing. I used to be a true Popeyes and checkers battered fries only type of guy until I ate DatDog fries. They are the best. Any dressings you want on dogs and fries. Special fries concoctions. Staff are really cool and nice. They also bus the tables so you don't even have to throw your trash. The staff have special chants they do for instance anytime you tip. The best if the Crawfish dog with bacon and hummus!! Be unique and try something wierd!Love the design of these restaurants! My partner reveals the handcrafted sodas are amazing, and I highly recommend the duck sausage special. Can't remember everything on it, but the blackberry jam paired so well with the sausage I suggest you ask a server about it!If It were up to me, I would eat here every single day. 
All I want are these hot dogs. On a nice afternoon in their courtyard area.Dat dog is simply great. I had the seafood dog and the chipotle veggie dog, and both tasted very good. For toppings, I used the chefs selection, and they have yet to let me down. Also, the crawfish étouffée fries are amazing as well.
Overall, I would definitely return. It's a fast casual joint, that hits the spot.New Orleans "Left" meets "Animal House" and decide to sell really good hotdogs. Colorfully decorated in Hardeveld-like wall art, world flags hanging from the ceilings and several seating options(sidewalk, inside and patio) you'll be greeted by high energy college kid who are intricately uniformed in Hawaiian shirts, cutoff jeans and flat canvas skater sneakers reminiscent of a freshman slacker. 
These people have set a new standard in New Orleans on something so simple. Unlike the traditional but savory "Lucky Dog", Datdog offers a varied array of hotdogs from traditional bratwurst to alligator and crawfish. The quality is reflected not only in the meat but the bun is delicious on its own right. In addition, they offer a wide range of toppings from traditional mustard and ketchup, to andouille sauce and asain coleslaw. 
So if the place is great... Why only four stars!? 
I really wanted to give 3.5 but it won't let me. They're so many options in hotdogs and toppings, it would be helpful if their were "suggested" recipe's on the toppings according to each choice of meat. The choices can become overwhelming especially for a new customer. I also noticed that they refer to the grill person as "chef". Tell your "chef" that the next time I order fries with bacon bits, ranch and cheese.... No need to add salt when you add bacon. Overall, the place is good and do recommend it. It can be a bit on the pricey side but worth it. (Hotdog, fries and drink about $15)
Also, I couldn't help notice that from the flags hung on the ceiling... There mainly from predominantly Caucasian countries. What's up with that? Fix it. 
Another issue that I couldn't help to ignore was that when I was eating, I couldn't help notice the constant smell of cigarette smoke. I looked around the dining room and as far as I saw, no one was smoking. I concluded that it came from the huge window in between the bar and the patio. Unless someone in the kitchen was smoking. (But I doubt that)
All in all, Datdog is a great option to dine casually in New Orleans and spend time with friends. The product is great and the staff friendly.Stopped in for an afternoon snack at about noonsh. I wish we were more hungry because the menu looked great with LOTS of choices including veggie dogs. 
The employees were extremely friendly and I loved the vibe in there. You could tell that everyone that worked there truly liked their job and was having a great time as well as working as a team. 
My hubs and I split the Chicago Dog and it hit the spot. Not too big but just the right size. I think we each go 2 bites outta it. Juicy and good flavor. I think if the bun was toasted a little with butter we would have been fighting over the last bite for sure but it was just a plain ole bun. Not bad just not wowed.
The restaurant is huge and has not only an inside bar but one outside with lots and lots of seating. Everything including the bathroom was very clean and spotless. 
Through out our trip we both complained that out of all the places we visited we did not get to try more from Dat Dog. Lesson learned......... Go hungry and go with a group and try the loaded fries. I saw a lot of them being served and they looked amazing. Next year I'm coming back hungry!We came during the St. Paddy's day parade along Magazine. Although the place was packed, we still received fast and friendly service. I got the beef dog with tomatoes, bacon, and sour kraut. It was excellent! The environment is great if you love sitting outside on a patio. I would highly recommend this place!Wow, Dat Dog was very impressive!  First of all, it was a lot of fun, a festive and upbeat atmosphere.  My wife and I ate at the bar and really enjoyed it.  She said the French 75 was the best here that she'd had our entire time in New Orleans, including the fancy bars/restaurants!  And I enjoyed my drink, also a specialty cocktail, very much as well.  I can't quite remember the exact name of it, maybe a Shot in The Face?  But it was good, it had lemon peel and I think maybe bitters, not too sweet and not too strong (but strong enough!).
Now, on to the food.  I liked that you could order food at the bar, whereas if you aren't drinking at the bar, you have to order the food from the window and wait for it.  And the service at the bar was absolutely outstanding.  Sorry I can't remember our bartender's name, but she was great and really did a great job and added to the enjoyment.  The hot dog was really quite excellent.  We didn't go off the board, stuck with the beef hot dog at least on this initial visit, and it was really tasty, had a nice snap when you bit into it, and the bun was also excellent.  Nice and warm, just a bit toasted, not the traditional hot dog bun, more the squared off rectangular style, but a nice complement to the dog.  
We visited the Magazine street location, by the way.  So everything was great until the end, outside, where they were serving dessert.  I'm not even completely sure what was being offfered out there but I thought it was like ices or gelato or something like that.  I wanted some.  I was told they were sold out.  At 6:30 PM?  In this very busy location?  Ok fine.  Until another family showed up (with children), and DID get served.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, you told US you were sold out.  Because we don't have kids?  What's up with that.  We called them on it.  We could tell the woman who turned us down was looking at us as she served the family.
Anyway, that's what took this down from 5 to 4 stars.You absolutely can't go wrong with anything on this menu. I took a chance and got a crawfish dog, which had a sausage made of crawfish with etoufee on top. My companions all got different ones, including a duck one, and all were happy. The toppings are varied and serve as excellent accents to the bun and whichever sausage you choose. 
Sides were good, the different fries are great to share, and they have a bar with a large selection of beers on tap.
I would go back here in a heartbeat, don't miss out on some excellent hot dogs and a friendly atmosphere.I should've written this review as soon as I got back from NOLA. I remember ordering two different sausages with different toppings. There are some very cool aspects about this place that I really like. Dat Dog has a lot of outdoor seating which is always nice when the weather permits. They also offer more wieners than a roadside rest area. And don't forget to load your dawg up with any number of free toppings they offer.  I do remember eating the duck sausage with crawfish sauce and something else. I remember downing it in about 5 minutes and wanting another. They're buns are also perfectly grilled on the griddle. It's not in the nearby touristy area but it's totally worth trying out if you're tired of fried seafood and tourists.Dat Dog is a great local hotdog joint in New Orleans. They have Trivia on Wednesday night. I went tonight and enjoyed a Bacon Werewolf. The place is reasonably price and they have really unique hotdogs. The staff is awesome!A bit dirty inside but the atmosphere was great. Aside from the sticky tables the restaurant was a nice respite from the rain and served some very creative and delicious food. A cleaner restaurant would warrant 5/5 stars!This place is so great! Probably 2nd to 3rd best food place I've tried in NOLA. The food impressed me and my friend so much that we went back for a second time before our trip was over. First time around, I got the crawfish dog and shared Anna's WTF fries. Both were so good, and crawfish dog is a must try. Be adventurous and get it even if you have doubts! Fries were good even if you get them plain, crunchy outside, soft inside. Second time around, i wanted to try the alligator dog, but didn't know what kind of toppings would go well with it, so I went with the "chef's choice" where they choice the toppings and I was at their mercy. It was hands down, the best decision ever made. The dog was so delicious and I gobbled up my dog super quick!We had the alligator sausage and had the chef dress them up - my boyfriend got jalapenos, okra, and sriracha on his dog, while I had sauerkraut and some other toppings on mine. The sausage was good, a little spicy, but good flavor. My favorite part of the dog was the bun - big, fresh, soft bread and really tasty. 
We also shared the "WTF" fries - loaded with chili, cheese, guac, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, and the kitchen sink. The fries were worth starting a war over. If I come back Dat Dog, it will be to bathe in these fries. Do yourself a favor and get these fries, you deserve it.The turdunken was delicious. Fun atmosphere. Trivia on Wednesday's at 7:00 pm.Had a chili cheese dog. The buns are great and really adds to the dog. Good atmosphere with a open air patio for relaxing and enjoying a beer.The best dog in NOLA! It is a quick walk from the St. Charles Streetcar. I recommend getting the polish to the American dog (the American one was pretty plain). The bacon, cheese, ranch fries are awesome. The fries are actually seasoned fries (think curly fries seasoning). We also tried the root beer float and the red cream soda. The red cream soda is made in-house and is the best cream soda ever. If you don't get a chance to try the red soda, you're missing out!Crawfish étouffée on a Hot Dog?  Need I say more?  Great place to eat in the heart of Magazine street. Very good craft beer selection too.They serve Field Roast vegan sausages here, which are probably the best brand of veggie dog, if you don't have a good local made option.
I'm happy a hot dog place serves a decent veggie dog, but I'm ticked off that the fries aren't vegan. How about some tots, y'all? It's the current year. Get with this.
Kinda too expensive for hot dogs, but pretty yummy no less. 
Plz fix your fried potato situation, Dat Dog.
And also plz stop giving away tickets to the circus. That's ridiculous.I was in New Orleans for vacation and wanted something out of the ordinary. I enjoyed this experience, besides the long wait for food it is well worth it for a different style of hot dog. I'd never had alligator before but I had the alligator dog and fell in love with the taste, I had the toppings selected by the chef's special. Perfect combination of flavor, taste and was visually appealing. 
My only con was the wait time and the portion size but other than that I really enjoyed this spot. It's definitely a must to check out if you're in new orleansDat Dog has hands down the best hotdogs I've ever had. You can get creative with the numerous toppings (their etouffee is awesome) or try one of their delicious specials. Definitely worth a trip if you're in New Orleans.Stopped by for a quick bite to eat and loved it. The staff was extremely friendly and really helped us while we were trying to figure out what to order. We got the seafood dog with the staffs recommendation on sauces and substituted and it was absolutely wonderful. Would definitely come backGet the alligator sausage hot dog and let the chef choose the toppings for you because they know what they're doing. We got two of them and both were unique and delicious. In addition to the food, I also love the board game selection and colorful vibes of the restaurant.First time here...will definitely be back! Crawfish Étouffée Dog was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Very friendly staff. Great selection on drinks. Very awesome!Hadn't been to Dat Dog in a while and was craving the bacon, cheddar, ranch fries so I went in to order takeout. I waited 20 minutes for my order. A little long considering it wasn't that crowded, but not a big deal. Then I got home and realized my order was completely wrong. Tried calling, and I keep getting a message from Verizon saying their mailbox is full. Called the Freret street location, and the person on that end said, "Uh, there's nothing I can do. Keep calling." I've been calling for 30 minutes and same message. I guess I just have to suck it up and eat something I didn't order or drive all the way back and wait again?We came here on a recommendation and it was so good! Get a dog "chef choice," best decision! The buns are delicious. Almost ordered another bun for the road.We wanted a lighter dinner one night during our visit to NOLA and this place was recommended to us.  The person recommending also told us to go upstairs, which we did.  After figuring out the system - order everything at the bar, grab a table- we ordered 2 dogs and chili fries.  They call out your name when they bring food upstairs.   I loved the crawfish étouffée dog and hubby said Chicago dog was pretty accurate, except made with local sausage.  Chili fries were chili fries.  I'd love to try different variations of the sausages and toppings...maybe they will franchise someday.  But a great, lighter (and less costly) meal during our trip.  And music right outside...a plus!I have been to all of the Dat Dog locations. This one is the worst because of an experience I had while on my lunch break from my job. I went into order for myself after waiting in line, the cashier was playing around flipping the customer in front of me credit card in the air. Clearly a  very professional establishment, when the customer in front of me went to the order desk. I told the cashier my order which he was not very concerned with because he started chatting with chef. I repeated my order hoping he would then ring me up when he did not I walked away not ordering anything going to the manager. The manager was nice, He apologized for the cashiers behavior and said he would give me a free drink next time I returned. Needless to say I will not return and instead have been going to Dream Weenie. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.Wow! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Best dogs I've had since 1990 never!I love the ambiance here! The food is consistently food and quick and the service is so fun. Plus there are always dogs around :) I'm always tempted to try the crazy fries but they are so good by themselves that I never do. I love the vegan choices for dogs and the steamy buns. Dat Dog is always a solid choice for lunch or dinner, especially when you can sit outside and enjoy a drink.While strolling around Magazine Street and wanting an inexpensive dinner, Dat Dog made an appearance into my sister and I's lives. Something like that.
Dat Dog is a bit further down Magazine than I was expecting since we had parked closer to the downtown side (sorry I don't know my neighborhoods well) situated next to Buffalo Exchange. This location has a nice patio outside (it was pouring rain when I went) and a pretty spacious inside. After entering, walk past the long bar on your left all the way to the back where the cash register is to order.
I was torn between the alligator, turducken, kielbasa, and duck, but decided on the alligator. I asked the employee taking my order to suggest toppings (avoiding shrimp and crawfish since I'm allergic). My dog came out dressed up in sauerkraut, dill relish, and creole mustard (tangier due to more mustard seeds). The combination was tangy, slightly spicy, smokey, and just darn good.
My sister ordered the Guinness dog with chili, cheese, mustard, and onions. I'm not a huge fan of chili cheese dogs, and it was certainly good, but not something I would personally order. I was trying to get her to order the crawfish sausage with Crawfish étouffée and Andouille sauce, but no such luck. If I weren't allergic, I probably would have ordered that.
Overall, fun atmosphere, good dogs, and a unique selection make this a great place for an informal budget-friendly eat that's big on flavor.Awesome service. I'm fortunate enough to work in the area and can stop by on my lunch break. I really enjoy the open friendly atmosphere and the staff are so light hearted. I've been stopping in for lunch almost 2 years now and haven't had the same type of dog twice. So the optio to build your own dog are crazy.This place is pretty good. It is that time of year where bar trivia is best held outside. Food was good as always and not really any complaints. Good Times!This place was great! You can build your own hot dog! They had a bunch of different stuff to try and have fun with I got the vegetation hot dog which was delicious! If you are in the area I would definitely make it a point to go here! The decor is fun and you can eat outside on the second level and watch al of French men street which could be some good entertainmentDat Dog offers a bunch of meaty hot dogs, but I go right for the veggie.  These suckers are so good, but the other big draw regardless of your meat choice is the super fresh and soft Poboy bun.  Simple but particularly important, and these guys get the roll right.  Fun, kitschy vibe, outdoor patio is nice and spacious, no frill picnic table action, great for people watching on Magazine(at the Magazine location).Great place to watch a sporting event.  Reasonably priced food there very creative.  Great on a Saturday afternoon for a college football game.  Kid friendly too.I live for these warm wieners in my mouth. The sauerkraut is fresh and I love how they layer the ingredients.Came here on a Sunday at 1pm so it was busy. Order took about 10 minutess so its not as fast as usual fast food. The extra few minutes are worth the wait. The food is excellent. The cheddar bacon & ranch is a meal in itself. I had the smoked bratwurst & it's easily one of the best I've ever had. Will definitely come back, of course it's 2250 miles from home. There'll be many more trips to New Orleans and this will be a regular stop.This place is one of the most unique restaurants I have visited. We decided to give it a try while visiting New Orleans because of the great reviews online. It was definitely worth it! This place is really amazing with the huge selection of hot dogs, sausages, toppings, and beverages. If I was a local I would have to return multiple times just to try all of the things that looked so good on the menu! The food was really good, probably one of the best sausages I have had, and the homemade sodas were great and refreshing.Dat Dog is Funky Wiener Heaven.  The etoufee fries are wild and delicious.  This is a place where the kids can get a basic hotdog with ketchup, and the parents can go wild with alligator sausage and andouille sauce or local smoked sausage with everything.  
The drinks are really good too.  Nice local beer selection, nice happy hour prices, and their bloody mary is killer.We're in from Kentucky and a friend recommended Dat Dog. When we got out of the cab, the place looked like it would be good - sometimes street appeal gives you a good vibe. The place is fun and cool inside. We sat at the bar for lunch and the bartender was very friendly and helpful. My wife had a blueberry shake and I got a chocolate malt - both delicious. She got the hot sausage "Chicago style" and it was great. Based on a Yelp review, I got tve Crawfish Etouffe Dog and it was awesome! Our only regret was ordering fries as it was too much food, so most of them were wasted. This is a great place with a variety of gourmet dogs & sausages. If we're back in NOLA, we'll go back to Dat Dog!!I'm from Chicago.  Land of sausages and hot dog joints both pedestrian and haute.  I've only been once but wasn't really blown away.  I had a kielbasa with kraut and mustard.  It was good.  I liked the bun and the sausage was good (small) and kraut was wimpy.  OK.  The fries are greasy but tasty.  I think it's pretty average and a little expensive.  I'll come back and try something else and give them another shot to impress.It was freezing so we decided to step inside! Super relaxed vibe, everyone was enjoying their beers and dogs. We got the one that's like a burger with blue cheese, can't remember the name but it was so good! Fries were good too! I'd definitely go back.Crawfish sausage - DELICIOUS.  Great fries.  Food is fantastic if a bit pricey.  Fun atmosphere, friendly service.They now accept CREDIT CARDS!!! Yes!!!!! I love Dat Dog! If you love fluffy chewy got dog buns with greasy, salty, grilled sausages with 63747474 toppings to choose from, you need to try Dat Dog.  I always get the alligator sausage!! And it is darn good! The étouffée fries are also good! I tend to stick to what I like, but maybe I'll start trying different types of sausages.Disappointing, needs improvement, horrible toppings, however the staff is friendly and provides good service. I got the Bratwurst with bacon onions tomatoes and cheese. It was terrible for $9 and the cheese fries even worse. The cheese they use is dry and rubbery. The toppings are tiny diced up onions tomatoes and bacon bits. The fries are just awful. If you're visiting from out of town just skip the place all together. One star for the service because the staff was really nice and another star for a great location.Was looking forward to coming here for a couple of days. I ordered my food and my buddy did too. I went to pay the meter and came back and he already had his food " wow quick!" I thought. Well, 20 minutes passed and I'm still waiting, 30 minutes and i go back to the counter and the clerk mumbles something asks some people and says it's coming. Cool, I don't have anywhere to be but by that time my friend had finished his food and the ten people after me had left also. 45 minutes passes so I go up again. This time she reprints my ticket and hands it to the cook. Cool, now i know I'll be getting it soon. About 10 minutes later a waitress walks out with a bag. Well it finally showed up but I told the waitress it's for here and she turns around and leaves. Great I thought she put it on a plate and be right back. 10 minutes later nothing... Finally I listen to my friend and go ask for a manager to get my money back I'm tired of waiting. The manager was really cool about it but at the same time I had to listen to employees behind the counter say he refused. Since when did asking for it to be put on a plate equal refusing it? i think that's what irks me the most. I know orders get lost sometimes, I get that. But to sit there and listen to them try and shift the blame on me doesn't sit right. The manager did the right thing and gave me my money back and a card for a free meal but I'm not sure I want to go through that again.Awesome low-key vibe and the hot dogs are great too. We happened to be in at happy hour and I had the Cowboy Kicker with my wife having the Creole Dream off the $5 happy hour menu. Both were great (I finished my wife's dog so I can attest to both). Great fries as well and cool staff.I like this place, the atmosphere is nice and chill & all the employees are cool.The food came out fairly quickly & it was during the lunch rush so I was really amazed. I expected to wait longer but the cooks looked like they were definitely hustling back there. I had the Duck sausage dog with the Blueberry sauce & BBQ sauce & it was really good.The sweetness in the Blueberry sauce complimented the sausage really well, and I don't know what kind of bread they use for their hot dogs but the toasted bread is delicious. The next day I had the Guiness Dog with onions, chili, cheese & bacon which was really good too.The outside patio is cool,they have plenty of room with lots of tables.I'm not sure if they allow pets or not but if you sit at one of the tables closest to the street with a little 4lb dog in your lap they don't tell you anything so that's pretty cool bc you can eat & people watch on Magazine. Overall the food I got was really good ,the bar area inside had a cool atmosphere & the staff was great.I love dat dog. I go anytime I'm downtown and in need of a quick bite. Have never had a bad hotdog thereOverpriced with attitude.  7.95 for a hot dog!  Nothing special about either other than long wait and dump the food in front of you.  Service with attitude.  I'm NEVER going backyou need that fix.  One of those you're not sure what then it must be Dat Dog.  They have everything.  Fun food, fun joint.  
Just concentrate on your dog - and be prepared  - it will be messy - but taste great!!So now I know what a $8 hotdog taste like. Just like the $1.50 hotdog I would pay for at Costco.
It was a nice place to hang out, drink some beers, and watch sports. Otherwise to just like any other bar in the area.
I would come back when the weather is good and sit outside for a few cold ones.Im a sucker for a good hot diggity dog. And the bread melts in your mouth. I haven't been adventurous to try all the different sausages but everything always looks and smells amazing.Wow!! Most amazing hot dogs of my life and fries étouffée!! Totally surprised after just seeing their website!!! Was not expecting the amazing options and very friendly setting. The food is to die for. If you are in the area you must stop in here, and come hungry!!!Yummy hot dogs - all kinds.  We had the Sea Dog (battered cod & tartar sauce), polish with sauerkraut & mustard, alligator sausage, and basic beef hot dog with ketchup.  K said the alligator was good.  And the cheddar, ranch, bacon fries.  Base fries were like Rally's/Checkers fries with shredded cheddar & bacon -drizzled w/ ranch.This is always one of the places I recommend for anyone traveling to NOLA to stop and eat. Lunch here is always great and the quality of the food is superb!This place is amazing. If they ever start franchising these things out I'll be at the black market Doctor selling an organ to find it. 
The interior looks like New Orleans threw up all over which is a compliment. Their staff is always polite and quirky. The dogs are great, I always get the chef special because I like all the ingredients and they never steer me wrong. 
(Tried their new dat burger today...go in for a dog is all I'm going to say)The veggie dogs were great and cheese fries are not to be missed! Quick service and delicious ingredients!First impressions. ..I like the outdoor seating, colorful benches, bike rack, patio style umbrellas.  Nice. 
Inside...more colorful seats, fun looking, chalkboards with specials, ..cool. 
Sat at the bar and met the bartender Heidi,  very friendly, smiling, helpful, and ordered a Red Cream Soda and ice water. Just in from a long bike ride, so I was parched. The Red Cream soda was mighty tasty, but a little small for three bucks. 
THE FOOD!!
I just had to try a Chicago Dog. Being from Chicago originally, I've been missing riding down the street and getting a Chicago Dog with fries for $3.75. Wellll, here a Chicago Dog is $7.95, no fries included. It was a valid attempt, but missed the mark in a couple of ways. Maybe this has to do with being a tourist stroll street, and not everyone knows a Chicago Dog. Also, when you're on vacation,  $7.95 might not seem out of line. But me? It's alot. That being said, a Chicago Dog is on a hot dog bun with poppy seeds, the Dog being the focus. Here, they use larger sausage size buns, that have a sweet taste, like those Hawaiian breads. See my picture? See the dog? No. It's DEEP inside that pillow of a bun.
The dog itself has some good flavor, but is pretty small, no girth (easy ladies, m'irite?). Yeah, diced onions, yeah, pickles,  yeah bright green relish, and one or two sport peppers. My recommendation?  Get some cheaper, smaller poppy seed buns..THE DOG IS THE STAR HERE!!, less (quantity) of the ecoutrements. It'll lower your costs, so you can DROP THE PRICE. !!! This is a 3 dollar dog. Ok, it's on Magazine,  4 bucks.
For MY sake! 
C'mon!!
Also had seasoned fries, asked for well done, crispy, and they did them perfectly. $3.95. 
One more thing.. Crawfish Etouffe Dog.... its Crawfish Sausage, Homemade Crawfish Etouffee, Sour Cream, Onions, Tomatoes, & Creole Mustard. $7.95. Comes in the same Hawaiian Bread bun. The sausage is bigger that that dog, so the bun matches a little better. Real crawfish flavor and bits of crawfish,  that mustard is really good. Don't know that the sour cream goes so much, but??  It's really good, and I think it's a little more expensive to make, so $7.95 doesn't seem too much to pay. 
Overall, taste/flavor... really good. $30 bucks with tip. For lunch. 
One more thing, the back area where they make the food is rambunctious and noisy. I call it the dog pound. Apparently, when they get a tip, they start barking and singing and... just weird for this time of day, but at least they're having fun at work. 
Clean place, bright and fun looking. 
Street parking only
Washrooms outside, men's room clean and roomy. Soap and auto paper towels. 
A tip for the bartender... never grab a customers cup by putting your fingers inside the cup for a refill. Kinda gross, even if your hands are clean.The bit of gristle in my dog, and the fact that the cheese didn't stick to their fries cost them a star:(Place had good beer and the crawfish ettouffe hot dog was absolutely delicious! Must try if your in town for at least a week.This place was amazing,there's something on the menu for everyone. We had the Guinness dog and cheddar bacon ranch with a mr boojangles coke. Everything was delicious,no complaints. We came in hungover and totally out of it and the staff was totally fine with it,very helpful and sweet. Will definitely returning soon!! A really cool relaxed environment.2 words: Etoufee Fries. 
Order them. Love them. (oh and the hot dogs are good too, obviously)Try the crawfish dog! Fantasic vibe. Very chill location...great dogs and staff. The hot dogs are huge!always friendly service & very helpful. great atmosphere and the Best cod fish dogs! One time the location  on magazine street drew a cute little smiley face in mustard on itMost favorite place we ate at in New Orleans! The creative options for customizing your hot dog is what makes this place so cool. I'm not a big hit dog person usually but the dogs that they create are unique combinations that are out of this world. I had an étouffée dog (made with crawfish meat) and it was amazing! I also tried a dog made with duck with blackberry jam which ended up being my favorite. The white trash fries were absolutely delicious! The decor is whimsical and cute. It's family friendly and fast.What a fun place! I've been to a lot of hot dog places while traveling, but I love the huge "hot dog meat" selection this place offers. Also, the hot dog buns here are amazing.Man does this place have great hot dogs. I got the Louisiana hot sausage (from Harahan) with tomatoes, white onions, and andoullie sauce, which is this delicious gravy like sauce with chunks of andoullie sausage in it. It all is packed into a freshly steamed sourdough bun that has a great little hint of sweetness to it. Order some cajun fries and a Barq's root beer and grab a seat outside for some fresh air while you eat.So it's a place that I've always wanted to try and I got a chance to try during for Mardi Gras. My stepdad I went he had the Guiness sausage hotdog and I had the crawfish étouffée hotdog and we both shared bacon and cheese fries. Oh my gosh the hotdogs were simply amazing I mean, hotdogs are already good, but for them to mix it up in so many different varieties was the icing on the cake. And we're not talking any regular degular hotdogs these are the best of the best meats honey. It's clearly coming to be a New Orleans staple!I LOVE Dogs and these are terrific, in all their permutations. I had a Dat Chick that was so tender and delicious. The sauce and coleslaw mad it extra yum. I asked for fried extra crispy and they accommodated with golden brown fries. My partner had the Sea Dog with all the trimmings except the mustard and onions. It got his thumbs up. 
Sorry we don't have more time in NOLA I'd be back for more.You want a Dog in NOLA.... Dat Dog is where you will find it.  Don't go in bad weather because there is limited seating inside.  Damn Good Hot Dog.I'm a sucker for a hot dog joint and this place did not disappoint.  We went the Saturday night before Halloween, so the place was packed.  My boyfriend led me upstairs, which with the crowd, I'd never have even known was there.  Upstairs has a great balcony that overlooks the street.  On this particular night, there was a street performance that was fantastic, so we hung out for a while.   
We ordered some dogs at the upstairs bar.  Given the crowd, the wait was reasonable and the dogs hit the spot. Will definitely return.It was the only place available to eat in New Orleans for a group of 6 during prime time on a Saturday night. I was kind of bummed but Dat Dog did a good job in trying to make up for my lack of foresight. It's a great location, placed right next to all these cool bars in the Frenchman Street area. They had a huge selection of different dogs and toppings. I was very satisfied with our meal in the end, and we went on our marry way. Bar hopping the night away.I got the Spicy Chipotle Veggie Dog, I asked the girl at the register what she thought about toppings and she said "I'd make it like a taco...jalapenos, guacamole, pico de gallo". She was right, it was friggin delicious! 
The second floor balcony seating is a great place to hear the music on the street below.I love hot dogs!  Just wish they had a Chicago style dog b/c that was what I was cravingBest hot dog ever!! I had the crawfish dog dressed with chipotle mayo, mustard, ketchup, and guacamole. So good! 
I also shared some bacon, cheddar, ranch fries. These were good too.
I liked dat dog so much that I wanted it to be my last meal in NOLA, but it was still closed when I got there at 11:08am :/Had the polish hot dog. Very tasty. The duck sausage was amazing. Great service. Try the crawfish étouffée fries. Pretty wonderful.Cheap food in one of the most emblematic street in New Orleans (while mostly jazz clubs are) of course their specialty are hot dogs.
If you don't decide which one you want to fix it, just tale one of the recommendations (specials). 
They have alligator and duck meats.Came to this place due to rave reviews. The table was filthy and full of sticky dirt. The waitress wiped it with a dry napkin. The food was ice cold. The manager came and apologized and took care of HALF of the bill. He promised us hot food. I would have preferred to leave this dump. No water nor soda refills. I got up to get our water several times. The waiters have no training in customer service and they too were angry. They were short staffed and running around trying to do what they could. 
Sadly if you have no staff close a section down and offer the same service you feel is right. They will never see me again. What a waste of time and money.  One star is too many.  Sorry to say.Loved our experience here at Dat Dog. It has a very casual, college feel with reasonable prices on most items. Even better, the food is excellent, and there's a great bar for beer and liquor. When we went, there was an excellent gin limeade on special for $5; could not recommend strongly enough.
Enjoyed my hot sausage and fries.
ALSO, this place is truly dog friendly with multiple water bowls and leash teathers outside on their porch. Had a great experience with our dog Daisy.Zach was such an awesome bartender! He def made sure we had a great time--it was my friend's birthday and he was super cool. Great vibes and great food!Inside and outside seating, but really the large front door is always open so the inside is warm and has as many flies as the outside.
Having said that, the atmosphere is friendly, cozy and fits perfectly in the area of Freret Street that is experiencing a renaissance. The menu is extensive for hotdogs (of course) but not overly impressive as far as condiments go and they don't serve anything else other than a couple of sides (fries - or cheese fries, or chili cheese fries or ettouffe fries).
What really makes the dogs special (IMHO) is the buns, which are fresh, squishy sourdough. The bar has a decent selection of local beers and a small assortment of hard alcohol. The staff is very friendly and very efficient. 
The main drawbacks are: hot throughout the summer; a lot of flies; cash only.
The pros: awesome buns; good dogs, good service, atmosphere.We came by on recommendation from friends who recently visited. The hot dogs weren't bad, but nothing spectacular either. We had the Chicago dog, and a regular dog with chili. We had a few beers as well while siting at the bar. Being in the service industry as a bartender myself, I was pretty disappointed with the bar staff that day. Not the most friendly, nor said much to us, and upon leaving no comment on the way out, which threw me off since we heard her say goodbye to plenty of patrons prior to us leaving.  A bit off-putting.  The man in the hot dog suit behind bar was super friendly however.I enjoyed the service and food here. While we were waiting for the jazz band to play at the Spotted Cat, we decided to refuel with some hot dogs. I asked the bartender what was the most famous item and he recommended the crawfish hot dog. I ordered it and it was AMAZING! That was my first time eating crawfish too so it was a great first experience. And it wasn't too packed so it was perfectTried out Dat Dog this afternoon. 
Things I liked:
The buns. Big sourdough bun, lightly toasted. Holds the dog well. 
The fries. Served fresh and hot. "Rally"(like the fast food joint) style Cajun fries. Very good. 
The condiments. Nice option of about 8-10 condiments for the dog. All free. I had mustard, relish and onions on my smoked sausage. Other options included tomatoes, guac, chipolte sauce, etc.
Service was very friendly.
Things I dealt with: 
The sausage and the price. The free condiments I guess can offset the $6 price of the sausage. Add $3 fries and drink and you are looking at $12 meal. Ample food, so not a huge complaint. 
The sausage itself was only average. I had the smoked sausage. I like my sausage cooked a little more, with a little more crunch on outside than how they serve. Was slightly chewy on outside and found myself laboring to pull it apart with my teeth. It still tasted good, but I prefer crunchy outside, soft inside. Just easier to bite into if cooked a little more in my unexpert (is that a word?) opinion.
Dislikes: 
Their space is very small. Not only the place itself, but the tables. It was hard to even fit all our food on the table. Seating is extremely limited to maybe 15 people, inside and outside.
There is no AC. Today it was 92 degrees and it was cooler outside than inside. Though there are umbrellas outside for shade, I can't see myself eating there during the summer. Gonna be miserable. Take it to-go.
Finally our canned drinks were luke warm. They were in a cooler, so Im not sure what the deal was. Didn't mesh well on this hot day.
All in all was a decent meal. Employees very friendly. There were 3 of us, and we all came away with similar sentiments. Food is OK but not good enough for what is supposedly to be a specialty place to sit there and sweat and eat during a New Orleans summer.Excellent chili cheese fries (although I wish the cheese was melted!).  I had the bratwurst, which was fantastic, as was the bun.  At first I thought it was too much bread but the lightly toasted, slightly sweet bread won me over.  I got a little carried away with toppings though and I think the guacamole was a)overkill and b)not really a great iteration of guacamole anyway.  Next time I will practice some restraint.Before I moved back to NOLA, I was a 90% vegetarian. Now I'm a 50% vegetarian, so I have plenty of time to eat hot dogs. And this was worth it! I got a standard hot dog with chili and onions and a side of cheese fries. Both were delicious and definitely too much for one person (3 of us couldn't make it through all those fries).
The atmosphere at dinner was perfect - super relaxed and even cool enough to enjoy sitting outside on their patio. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the great happy hour specials too.
BUT I've withheld a star for one reason only: so many fancy toppings but I don't know what to do with them, because I'm not a chef. It would be amazing if they recommended certain combos and created a few themed dogs beyond just the 1-2 specials of the day. We definitely weren't the only ones staring blank-faced at the menu, only to worry that we hadn't been adventurous enough...There are three locations for Dat Dog and this was my first visit to the Frenchman street location. First off, its not just a weenie place, there are every imaginable variation to the tube meat product, from the traditional pork or beef to the crawfish to the "Sea Dog" (fish) to the more exotic alligator and variation to the polish. You have a range of toppings and if your brave enough, you can just trust to the chiefs judgement. At the this location there is also an upstairs dinning hall with a really great balcony that has a view worth the visit. I came here with a large group of very skeptical eaters and everyone left happy and full. They also make a terrific Margarita here and sell beer by the pitcher.Excellent atmosphere for a get together with an old college buddy. Perfect food & ambiance if you're in the mood to just enjoy your time with someone you enjoy being with. 
THE DOGS are awesome too. You can't really go wrong with any of the choices.I've been to one on Feret and the hot dog was huge. I was disappointed when I opened my container to find such a small hot dog for 8.00.I don't even know where to begin with this place. I've been going to Dat Dog since it was just a little shack on Freret street (before it was franchised and when the original owner was still there). I bought it was really cool, new and a great creative spend on hotdogs. But since expanding the new locations like the frenchmen one turned me off completely to eating at any other dat dog! Eating in there was very unpleasant they have a gnat problem and the staff is just everywhere. There's drunk bartenders, rude employees and just seems way too unorganized. I don't know what management  this place is under but they clearly lack any background on business management knowledge. In the past, I was served quality food at other Dat Dog locations but this one was ridiculous. The HUGE problem I had with this place was it appears they had a pipe problem occurring where the bathroom pipes leaked to the kitchen area around the food! I was disgusted out and immediately got out of there! I understand that things like that can possibly happen but they remained opened and remain serving food while the kitchen is under that condition! You couldn't pay me to step foot in any of the dat dogs now that was totally unhygienic! How are the even passing health inspections. This place is a disaster and I fault management!We went here three times during our visit Wednesday-Sunday. 
Our first visit gets a five star review for Hans--overwhelmed by the menu, we let him order for us. We got two amazing dogs (one a duck dog with bacon and a ton of toppings, one a spicy dog with sriracha mayo, pico, sour cream, creole mustard, and relish (amazeballs), plus fries. Hans wins everything ever.
Our second trip, we showed up around midnight on Thursday for a to-go order, asking for the bacon werewolf, fries, and my spicy dog from above--they missed a few toppings.
Tonight, (saturday, ok) we ordered one Guinness special dog and an order of fries with extra ketchup. It took over forty minutes. We had already tipped over twenty percent and waited longer for our food than anyone behind us. The staff were nice and apologetic, but it tookthat long, and asking where our food was, before they told us "someone stole [our] order after they called it once" (which they didn't, we were standing right by the counter) before they resent the order. When we finally got it and checked, we had to ask for ANY ketchup, much less extra. So that was a bummer. But those fries though. Yummmm.
It's great food, but seems like service might suffer a bit during busy late night rushes. If you go for lunch Tuesday-Sunday, order from Hans, and it'll be amazing.The best fries I've EVER had! I got the seasoned fries and drizzled the with ketchup and Louisiana hot sauce....best thing ever! The environment was cool, a little hectic but we went on a Friday night. If you go definitely try the seasoned friesI've been looking for a place to satisfy my hot dog cravings as I miss Chicago dogs dearly! 
I've had many a disappointing dog in NOLA, and was expecting the worst. To my extreme delight, my meal was downright delicious! Cannot recommend this place enough!
Upon a friend's suggestion I got the kielbasa dog as well as the Guinness and German Beef. SWEET BABY JESUS ON A BUN THE KIELBASA IS TO DIE FOR!! The standard German beef was fantastic, the Guinness....eh..it was good, but not great. Fries are pretty good, albeit a bit on the soft side and I suggest holding off on the chili for any item as it is bland and detracts from the flavor of your meal.OOOOMYYYY, what amazing hot dogs
I didnt care to get one (only bc on vaca) bc im a New Yorker and the best and only hot dogs i eat are NYC hotdogs on the corner lmao.
Well let me say i was BLOWN AWAY!
Got the duck dog special with bbq, mustard, bacon, jalapenos. Like sooo good, the bread, the dog. The sauces huba huba
Def recommend!Duck dog is awsome... our bartender hans was even better great recommendations and quite handsome for being slightly balding... great Hawaiian  shirt tooSeriously delicious weiners.... Dat Dog is a lovely new addition to Freret Street and a welcomed one at that. Ever since the secret got out about Dat Dog, I had to check out the place for myself. It's a cute little place with New Orleans charm. I love the selection of international sausages that they feature! My favorite sausages are the German Bratwurst and the Polish Kielbasa. The free toppings are bonus too ranging from non traditional choices like the guacamole to andouille sauce to the traditional ones of onions and sauerkraut! Not only do they grill the dogs, but they grill the buns as well...yum... I have yet to try their fries but they always look delicious! Having met one of the co-owners, Constantine, I know that they are committed to making a good dog. Dat Dog is the perfect treat on a sunny afternoon! You gotta go check it out!(To the tune of "Poison" by Bell Biv Devoe)
Y'all, I must 
(warrnnnnnn youuuuuu)
I'm feeling hunger pangs in my tum
(Situation is serioouuuuuusssss)
Few too many tipples of that rumm......
I'm oh-so-RAVENOUUUUUSSSS
But headed over to Rue Freret
Need something deliciouuuuuussssss
May I suggest hot dogs? (yes, you may!)
It's driving me outta my mind
Great menu, and it's so hard to find
Can't figure out which I will eat
sausage, gator, bratwurst
Dat Dog's addictiiiiiiveeeeeee
Never wanna leave this place......
Dat Dog's addictiiiiiiveeeeeee
And now, I'm gonna stuff my face.....
Ok, I can only do Biv so much justice, but figured I'd bring some flavor to a review for a spot that delivers so much of their own! I nabbed an alligator sausage because "when in Rome" and had them go for the Chef's Choice because who knows better how to top this meaty mass?
The result was a terribly sloppy dining experience complete with no less than ten napkins, oodles of satisfied "mmmm"s from my dining partners and I, and a belly that was full for the next 8 hours. My buddies and I split the bacon cheddar ranch fries (divine, nice even toppings) and I honestly couldn't fit another bite of real food in my belly until a late dinner (this was an early lunch). 
PERFECT hangover food, great with a beer or wacky cocktail of the day (I personally recommend beer, there's too many flavors to add much else!) The price is right for the amount of food you get, and the vibe is fun. Bring a jacket in the colder months, there's no heating and the doors stay open!Ask for Hans, he makes the experience! Get the DUCK dog!!! Absolutely to die for! The crawfish etoufee fries are amazing!Hands Down, if you haven't tried a Dog from here u need to get their ASAP.  The guys and gals that work there know me when I walk in.  
I had a conversation with a few of the employees and they witnessed people actually going through their trash to figure out where they were getting their Dogs and Buns from.  I even tried to sneak the question of who was their supplier and I was met with a blank stare and a change of conversation...lmao.
No body ain't gonna beat DAT DOG.This place was a dump. Basically a bar that serves hot dogs. Music was blaring and the place was crowded, so we went to their upstairs seating area and sat in a booth. I ordered the alligator dog and my companion ordered a basic German style hot dog. I am guessing that alligator is an acquired taste because I didn't like it at all. It was very gamy tasting. Even if I would have liked what I ordered, the rolls they serve their dogs on are way too big and doughy. The bathrooms were also filthy and filled with graffiti.You got to build your own Hotdog!! The selection for toppings were vast and their "off the menu" items were delicious. Their best off the menu item had duck sauce, raspberry paste, bacon and more !!! My only compliant is with the staff. They weren't that friendly, however their flavorful dogs makes it a place to gothis place has an awesome variety of local and international dogs, sausages, brats, kielbasas. etc. these grilled dogs come on an awesome sourdough bun, which is a perfect finsihing touch. however, my favorite aspect of Dat Dog is that you can get pretty much any topping you can dream of- for free :) their hand-cut fries are essential to try as well. you've gotta try this place.If you want to get your DOG on this is the place. The fries are delish too. My NOLA replacement for Viscous dog in NOHO.Great location on Frenchmen street. There were for of us we ordered three duck special, gator special, son of saint and a build your own. Along with cheese and chili cheese fries. Being a condiment hound at heart, I love this place! The buns are tasty, condiments generous, and grab a couple drinks at the upstairs bar. Get a spot upstairs on the balcony you might get lucky enough to see the Frenchmen play some awesome tunes! A do again for me.. You can't beat the vibe and the grub.Loved the outdoor seating. Good happy hour, 2 for 1 draft beers.Nothing special - for the price, I would expect a hot dog that was Costco or Sam's Club size.  What was definitely yummy was the White Trash Fries!!  Yummy!  Other than that, they are hot dogs that you need to eat with a fork and knife - with all the toppings available, the flavors just melt together and nothing really unique.  I wouldn't mind eating here again, but I'm not in a hurry, well, except maybe for the fries!I LOVE this place! I'm so glad they expanded their space to across the street in the old Gas Station.
The Feret area has really blossomed and I'd say that this student-friendly and creative eatery is the perfect centerpiece for how the street has found it's Niche.
The Chef's Special is a risk everyone should be willing to take! Whoever's cooking that day makes your Dog unique - make sure you mean it when you tell them "Surprise me" because they will!
Bottled Barq's and Mexican Cokes or your choice from the bar and Soda Fountain give this place a little something extra - along with the wooden benches and big open courtyard it's just a great place to gorge yourself while hanging with friends.
I'm Hungry just writing about it right now.
Be warned though - I had to unbutton my pants and pop a few Antacids after my last trip there and I don't think most vegans could find options on the menu,
but for this self-professed carnivore, I couldn't have been happier.Best hotdogs in NOLA, if not in the world!!!  Everyone knows that Dat Dog is known for their unique and outstanding sausages.  They offer alligator sausage, crawfish sausage, hot sausage, and many different foreign sausages.  The fries and chili cheese fries are seriously addicting!  Are they putting some special substance in their food???  JK!  But anyways, my boyfriend and I shared the alligator sausage hot dog and a plate of fries the other night, and they were amazing!  I've also had the hot sausage and crawfish sausage; both are to-die-for!  You're allowed to have as many toppings as you want with no extra charge.  (The hot dogs are $6).  We topped our dog with onions, jalapenos, andouille sauce, relish, and ketchup.  So delish!  And the fries....OMG I could not stop eating those fries!  They were sooooo goood!  And I don't know why!
Dat Dog is located literally two minutes from my school, so I fortunately am lucky enough to have it whenever I want, although, too much will mean extra lbs!Had the chef's special Alligator dog and regular fries...AMAZING! Everything was fresh, the drinks were great. Dat Dog is definitely a must when coming to NOLA. The view was also amazing from the upper level deck.Came here with J and K before heading out to 3090 to watch some bands and Blue Nile to see my first brass band. Walked in, sat at the bar. Ordered some drinks while glancing over the menu.  Ordered an old fashioned...and I will say, I have found only one place that makes a decent old fashioned in this towb. This was not the place. 
HOWEVER, the dogs were amazing. They had 10-12 different ones to choose from. And being from Seattle, I love what we call a Seattle dog (which basically means it comes with cream cheese- understandable that it's not for everyone).  But, I went with their fried chicken dog and it was the best choice. Perfectly cooked chicken, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Came topped with slaw, "chick" sauce, and pickled jalapeños. All on a brioche type bun, buttery and toasted. We also got the cheese fries- which I recommend. And K got the sea dog. A giant piece of fried cod with tartar and mustard and he liked it a lot. The fish was battered and fried perfectly. Will definitely come back here the next time I'm in town.My girlfriend and I both ordered veggie dogs, and we both got sick immediately afterwards. Clearly there is a food-handling issue, or maybe someone back there wasn't trained in proper hand-washing protocol. I've never heard of anyone getting sick from eating something that contained no meat or seafood. We used to like the food here, but it's not worth risking getting sick for.
Also, cash-only is a major joke in 2013. This place was already robbed once because they happily advertise this policy. Get with the times and take credit cards.Super disappointed in this place. Easily the worst $60 dinner for my family I've spent in a very long time. For starters, while the waitress got our drink orders quickly, it took quite a while for her to get back to take our food order, and we were the only table upstairs at the time. We felt she was more interested in watching the movie on the tv than getting to us. Next, I was amazed at the amount of time it took for us to get our food. Then we we did get it, out of 6 items ordered, only 2 were correct. Add to that, when it was brought back out, they still got our fries wrong. (No tomatoes, no onions... Not that hard.) The food was warm, definitely not hot. And the amount of creole mustard on both mine and my son's dogs was way overkill. I'm pretty certain the chili was basic canned chili. Not impressed. I would think a good dog place would have something home made rather than something that tastes like you got it at the ball park. The sausages were good and I do like the bread. Oh and if you're going to charge $2.75 for a fountain drink, serve it in a cup with some size to it. Not sure if the other locations are better, but regardless, I cannot see us returning.Delicious! This place is one of a kind. When you're tired of eating the same old thing, head out to Dat Dog. Delicious burgers!They stole Rally's french fries and put Poppy Tookers name on it. 
I love Poppy Tooker, but she has to be just as disappointed as I am with the frozen, pre-seasoned fries at Dat Dog. To add insult to injury, these are the exact french fries that they serve at Rally's... the most dispicable fast food restaurant ever. 
Making homemade french fries is easy and potatoes are cheap! I wish Dat Dog had better french fries... we would eat there more often!
Good Hot Dogs. btw.Absolutely incredible! After living in Chicago for a number of years, I'm slightly biased towards places like Hot Doug's (RIP) and Franks-n-Dawgs...but Dat Dog came highly recommended and boy did it deliver!! AMAZING crawfish and alligator sausages!! Next time I'm in NOLA, I will definitely try the fries! Also, be adventurous a get your dog "chefs choice"....I did and yummmmThe BEST sausage dog I've ever had, crawfish sausage up top and alligator sausage pictures below. The alligator has sour kraut, bacon& mustard. A must stop while listening to live music on Frenchmen St. 
The drinks are better priced and have more alcohol that drinks on Bourbon.Well I have been to Dat Dog on magazine multiple times and have loved it. Dat dog also has two other locations and highly recommend going there for some of the best hotdogs around.yummy! I actually haven't eaten enough here, but everything I get is delicious. I wish they would go a little heavier on the toppings, though!This is truly an amazing place.  Food was good, drinks were good but above it all, my group and I had so much fun here!  Shout out to Colin who is awesome and showed us a good time!  LACTAID BOYZThis original location is cash only, so remember that. Freret street offers the best carnival type foods! Pizza, burgers, etc. Dat Dog has the best fresh hot dogs with unlimited toppings to satisfy everybody's own special palate. Any of the loaded fries are tasty, étouffée fries, white trash fries, but honestly with a topped hot dog I prefer the plain fries. Great flavor. Everything here is flavorful and the buns for the hot dogs are sweet and delicious as well.I'm not a big fan of hot dogs but I like this place because it's unique, local, artsy and has good quality food. If you like sea food and want to try something different instead of just crawfish or catfish then get a hot dog made of it! Another huge plus is its location. This is a bar/club area and it's perfect to eat well before drinking and dancing. Literally 2 mins from the best places in the city.Colin's milkshakes bring all the customers to the yard...
Seriously though, Dat Dog makes great milkshakes.Lunch here was ok as we got the crawfish etouffee dogs. They were pretty good and surely recommend. The fried were hot as we got the chili cheese ones. It was just the tables were not as cleaned off as shouldve been. And not busy at time the staff needed be cleaning not chilling.
Beers were lil pricey and in can(mich ultra).Got the étouffée dog. There wasn't very much étouffée and the crawfish dog was a bit dry. However, the flavors were great. I'm thinking the aforementioned issues were a fluke. I'd definitely try the place again.I had the german weiner dog regular size and i was very happy with it, the buns are just exelents and the weiner is even better. Me and my friend shared some cheese fries and we were kinda bummed that the chese wasnt melted... and kind of annoying since we couldnt eat any of the cheese on the fried... it would fall off. so thats why I wont give it 5 stars. My boyfriend got a hot luisiana dog and it was very delisious even tho he had it plain with nothing on it. Very very good hot dogs would think twice about getting those cheese fries...Great spot for a good meal and cold beer. Lots of choices and variety on the dogs and the beers. Chicago dog was disappointing as they don't use authentic ingredients, but that won't scare me away. I'll definitely be back.Great location and pretty good food after a night on Frenchmen Street.  They have some very creative hot dog recipes.  The only reason that I'm giving it a 3 instead of 4 is due to their prices.  I felt that they were a little high for a hot dog, although the hot dog was very good!Don't take Dat Dog for granted.
Great original sausages.
Warm, fresh bun.
All of the toppings you could ever want.
The only downside is all the Tulane kids using their parents' credit cards to sometimes ruin the vibe.
I think they could step up their french fry game, adding some custom aiolis, but maybe I'm just an aioli guy.Yum, hot dogs. It's divey and it's hippy and it's full of delicious gourmet hot dogs. I had a german smoked bratwurst with onions and cheese (there's a variety of toppings you can choose from). I generally don't like to put anything on my hot dogs just because I want to have the opportunity to taste the dog itself. This hot dog was awesome, and the buns that they use (steamed and toasted sourdough) made it so much better.  I was also in for a nice surprise with the golden browned fries, next time maybe I'll attempt to get the cheese fries.
This will definitely be my go to place for hot dogs when I have a craving and I'm going to make it a point to try every type of hot dog they have, possibly the crawfish and the slovenia dog.  They do have more traditional choices, such as a regular german beef or pork weiner for those non adventurous types.This is the best place I ever been to that served hot dogs on a bun!  They have such a variety, that the possible combinations of what you can eat here has to be in the tens of thousands!I can't believe we ate a hotdog on vacation, but we were starving and needing food. We got keilbasa with chipoltle mayo and grilled onions and the bacon cheddar ranch fries.  Not a crumb left!  The only downside is that it's so crowded and you have to get inbetween people and yell your order to the bartender.  The people at the bar seemed annoyed by this and I would be too.Love love love Dat Dog. I love trying new dogs and always get it topped with chef's choice because they know exactly what should be the best with each of their dogs! And the hot dog bun is to die for. Never disappointed with my food.Cold food, rude bartender, customers shooting drugs right outside the Window  on the street.  Thats what you get when you go to this place.  Avoid this place at all costs.  Oh btw I forgot the  flys everywhere inside are so bad you can't even eat your food.   
I never leave reviews but this place is so bad I had to share.HOLY SHIT.  Just go.  Stop reading this right meow, get here and stuff your face.
Built my own, Kielbasa and a couple of sauces, toasted bun.  Chili cheese fries.  I don't smoke, but needed one after this.  Great vibe, too.  Now put down the phone and go eat.Delicious! I love their pork dog with caramelized onions, bacon, and ketchup. Yummm... I would give it 5 stars, but I tried their bacon cheddar ranch frieds (sounded amazing), but they were super over-salted I could barely get through the first few fries. =\Super cool little place in the back cuts of the French quarter. Easy to walk to. Service was ok not to friendly. 
Paid $8 for a hotdog. But that's the way they are in the French quarter everything is over priced. 
The hotdogs had a few choices you could pick from 
Beef, pork, alligator.  You can pick for over 10 toppings. 
I would go back. It was good for kids also.This meal was a blurry one, as it was pretty late into the festivities, but it says  a lot of a place to leave a positive impression through all that fog of drinks. 
I had the duck sausage hot dog and absolutely loved it. They're heavy on sauces and toppings so be prepared for a potentially messy meal. Receipt I found in my pocket said I paid about $18 for my wife and I's hot dogs, which sounds about right for their size and quality. 
Looking forward to returning for round two in a week or so and will probably grab another bite if we're down on Frenchman and looking for some great late night food.I'm from out of town and this place was great. Our order was messed up and it never got started so after about twenty minutes of waiting after we ordered a worker came up and asked how everything was. I believe his name was Chris but I can't remember, anyway he asked how everything was and when we told him we were still waiting he went and personally checked on our order, after informing us that a mistake was made he put a rush on it and had it out to us in five minutes. He even comped us an order of loaded fries! Great food, even better service, will definitely be back next time I'm in town.If you like hot dogs, this is hot dog heaven! Every kind of sausage you can imagine (and even some you might not have) is available here. My spouse and I shared the duck sausage with cheese, creole mustard and blackberry sauce. This concoction was delicious! The duck sausage had a stronger and more distinct (but not overpowering) flavor than a typical hot dog. The mustard had a strong (but again, not overpowering) note of Dijon, and the kicker was most definitely the blackberry sauce. Blackberry sauce, you say? That's what I said, too, but it has just the right amount of sweetness to balance the savoriness and salt of the duck sausage and the creole mustard. I highly recommend that whatever sausage and other ingredients you get, that you top it off with blackberry sauce. I promise, you won't regret it!
We also got the cheese, bacon and ranch fries. The fries were well cooked. I love bacon, but my spouse and I agreed that this bacon was a little bit overpowering, heavily salty. 
As for other sausages you can get: alligator, kielbasa, brat, Slovenian, crawfish, Vaucresson hot (creole seasoned).
You should know that this place is very popular. You will stand in line and you will be intimately close with some new friends who are also hot dog lovers. But the wait and the crowd are completely worth it.Great location, balcony was a perfect view. The food was kind of bleh. Waitress was sweet though. Maybe just get a drink and enjoy the location here.Sorry.  This place just didn't work for me.  Small and uncomfortably hot is okay if the food is outstanding but these dogs were not.  Period.  Long wait for a run-of-the-mill hotdog.  And the 'veggie dog" was actually a veggie burger folded in two and squished into a hotdog bun. Ridiculous.  I've had better from a cart in front of Loew's Hardware.  Lotsa hype for a disappointing experience.Full disclosure: I am a hot dog fan.  I prefer hot dogs to hamburgers at cook outs.  I like all kinds of hot dogs, from hand-made all beef dogs at the butcher counter at Whole Foods to those red wieners filled with who-knows-what and lots of nitrates.  I watch the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest every Fourth of July.  I keep a pack of Hebrew Nationals in the fridge at all times.  You may not like hot dogs as much as I do, so keep that in mind.  I also feel similarly passionate about sausages.  That said, I think Dat Dog serves up an abundance of tubular meat that are well worth a visit.  
Dat Dog offers two German hot dogs - traditional and all beef - and a variety of sausages from around the globe, including more regional Louisiana sausages.  I sampled two dogs - the traditional German beef frank and the hot brat from Germany (I like German sausage).  Dat dog offers a variety of toppings and all the stalwart dog fixin's are there, and some that are not so standard (wasabi, for example).  All are served on sourdough buns either toasted or steamed, and I prefer steamed for hot dogs.  I topped my hot brat with mustard and sauerkraut, and it was definitely one of the better bratwursts I've had in my time, and that includes a trip to Germany.  The hot dog was spot-on as well.  
For sides, they offer fries.  And I think that's it.  You can top your fries with cheese or chili and cheese or their bacon-ranch-cheese combo.  My only caveat about this is that the cheese is sprinkled on the fries and is not melted.  This is not a problem for me, because I got chili on my cheese fries, which melted the cheese, but my wife doesn't like chili so the lack of melted cheese bothered her although she agreed that the fries were very good.  Maybe Dat Dog II under construction across the street will have a broiler.  The beverage selection is nice with soft drinks, beer, and Mexican Coca-Cola, which for those who do not know, comes in glass bottles and is made the way Coke used to be made - with cane sugar, not high fructose corn syrup.
[NOTE:  Since I wrote this, Dat Dog II has opened across the street, and the cheese on the fries is now melted.  Good stuff.]
Really the only thing that missing from Dat Dog (other than melted cheese) is a baseball game to watch while eating it.Random walk in here for us but surprisingly this place had some of the most amazing hot dog sausages I have ever had! The one off duck sausage and complimentary sauce was outstanding and the Slovenian hot dog was spectacular! This is one my favorite hot dog joints in the US!I was surprised I would like a hot dog restaurant so much! I got the duck hot dog. Check out this video to see for yourself my experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHHYliWVGyU&list=UUXZoB1vUasYqR7GczFp_zeAI have been to dat dog many times, but i had a horrible experience this time. 
I will be going to other hotdog restaurants from now on. I understand it takes a lot time to order, this process needs to be changed. GET INTO THE 21st century. 
so, 40 minutes later we order. Then we sit down and people keep ordering and ordering. My brother who ordered 5 people after me got his order, then we wait, wait, wait wait wait wait and wait. Finally, we go and ask about our order. They go and look, but tell us nothing. 
Then 20 minutes later we go and ask what the problem is? The say they are working on it now. 
They had lost the ticket and didn't tell us tried to make it better. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.
once the food comes out its good and different, but admit to your mistakes and their wouldn't have been a problem in the first place.White Trash fries are everything one could want either before, mid way through, or after an evening of drinking.  Guacamole, sour cream, chili, cheese, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes, and more....they were a perfect appetizer and easily shared among three people.  I had the Werewolf Bacon dog on a Slovenian sausage.  The sausage was similar to a Kielbasa and quite flavorful.  The Creole mustard, herbs, and  bacon toppings were great, and toasted bun (similar to a lobster roll) kept all the toppings on the sausage.  I think it fits what Frenchmen has become--tourist haven.  Look for a burrito shack next.  Not that it's bad necessarily, but it is not the Frenchmen of even 4 or 5 years ago. 
$8 bucks for a dog is a bit much, and the small cocktails are on the pricey side too.  But, flavors are good, the toppings are plentiful, and you can choose as many as you want.  As a Chicagoan, it's not Hot Doug's.....but a decent sausage and quick food so you can get back into a club or plop yourself down on a curb and enjoy some of that live local music you come to Frenchmen to hear.  Big Ass beers for $5.00 on Frenchmen may be the way of the future for those longing for cheaper drinks.Nom nom nom nom nom.
This place is just freaking good.  Smoked sausage (go Harahan!) with guacamole, yellow mustard, ketchup, onions, tomatoes, various other toppings depending on my mood--oh how I love you.
The buns are good, the dogs are good, the toppings are good.  The new location is HUGE (at least compared to the old one that was basically in a closet) and will probably be amazing outdoor eating during the Fall/Spring (wait...we have a Fall or Spring in New Orleans?!).  It's still cash only (boo, I'm too lazy for cash).  The fries are so freaking good, I haven't even gotten around to ordering them with toppings--the plain ones are still rocking my world.  And one order of fries is enough to split between 2 or 3...perfect!
I took my brother here for his first meal when he came to visit this month and he looooved it. You just need to eat here, ok? Ok.I really enjoyed my first meal in New Orleans here at Dat Dog! The space was lively and full of energy at lunchtime on a Sunday, and I enjoyed sitting on the balcony. I ordered the duck special, a duck hot dog with bacon, blackberry sauce and barbecue sauce and was surprised by how blown of the the water I was. The hot dog was so delicious, the bun was fresh and crispy, and the flavors all paired really well. With other hot dog choices like alligator and crawfish, and an abundance of topping options, this is definitely the place to get a little creative with your hot dog. You won't be let down!Our airbnb host recommended this place to us, and we finally made our way here!  The restaurant itself is super cool.  They had a ton of outdoor seating as well as a very open inside area as well.  It is shaded, which was nice because it was quite warm outside still.  The menu is a bit overwhelming for someone who has a hard time making decisions, lol!  I ordered the Guinness brat with onions and mustard.  My husband ordered the all saints dog with chick sauce.  We ordered a side of fries too, which in my opinion were very heavily salted.  It was a cool experience and would probably go again!Fun place for lunch!  My son had the alligator dog; I had the special - Werewolf dog.  Both were great.  We also had the cheese fries and the white trash fries.  Can't really recommend the white trash fries.  They were completely as advertised - covered with EVERYTHING from chili to guacamole to slaw to cheese.  It was a bit too much.  
One thing to keep in mind - they only take cash, but they do have an ATM machine :)This place was pretty good. I had the spicy chipotle veggie dog with cheddar cheese and sauerkraut. Really good. The drinks were small and pricey, which was a bummer on an otherwise good dining experience. I'd go back for the food, not the drinks.Great place for a late night meal with friends. it was a little weird that I had to place my order upstairs and then pick it up back downstairs.I was overcharged 83$ on my credit card for 1 hot dog & 2 drinks.  Upon returning home from vacation and seeing this on my bank records, I immediatlely contacted the mgr (Joni) and she agreed to refund the overcharge.  Apparantly, she is no longer there and the new mgmt. is refusing to work with my bank.  If you go, PAY CASH or you too could be a victim of CC fraud.  DAT DOG also would not provide a copy of the receipt to my bank.  We will never return and will find many other places to enjoy ourselves in NOLA.  Shame on you DAT DOG!Finally had a chance to try this place after being away from New Orleans for so long. Many times I've envied my friends' pictures of their dogs and always said to myself, "must try this place asap!" To be honest, I was pretty underwhelmed with the dogs. Whomp whomp.
Food: I had the duck sausage, my boyfriend had the alligator sausage, and we also threw in some cheddar cheese fries w/bacon & ranch. We thought that everything was just okay. Maybe we set too high of expectations? :(
Service: It's counter service here. Our cashier was friendly and was more than willing to give me recommendations on what toppings to add with my duck sausage. I really have nothing bad to say about their service. Good ole' southern hospitality.
Tip: this place is CASH ONLY. There's an ATM on-site though if you can't access cash beforehand.
Overall, while we didn't think that this place was bad, we're just not sure if we'd go out of our way while we're in New Orleans to eat here.Superb selection of hotdogs. Must try the Alligator hotdog, it was very soft. 
 We had the polish one and the alligator one and both were amazing.Honestly, the food is awesome. But I had the most fun with the bartenders, Alexander and Nathaniel. Find me in New York boys!When I want a good hot dog this is where I come.  The menu is simple, dogs and fries.  I often choose the classic beef German style.  The nice this is that the condiments don't cost extra, and the possibilities are endless. However, when I am feeling indecisive, I will go for whatever the special is.  For example, I got the bacon werewolf last week, a Slovenian sausage, grilled onion, tomatoes, mustard, and bacon.  It was so good!  I have tried almost all of the fries too, they do not disappoint either.Really good food!  Nothing super fancy but definitely hit the spot.  You choose your sausage and then from a list of various toppings.  I had the traditional pork with ketchup, mustard and a dill pickle.  My friend had the chipotle vegan dog (the vegetarian option was a huge plus) with cheddar cheese and she said it was also good.  There are a few choices on fries, cheese fries, etc too.  I would recommend this place.Fun hipster place on Frenchmen Street! We had nice local beers, local "Louisiana hot sausage," crazy WTF fries and cheese fries, all while sitting on balcony and enjoying live music from down the street. 
The only negative thing I'll say is I wish the server warned us about how big the fries portions are!! My boyfriend and I each ordered a side of fries and regretted it...way too much food! 
Nice low key option for lunch or dinner. Would recommend!the server's knowledge of what was actually in the sausage was really good. Be mindful that if you don't eat pork, it isn't mentioned unless it is a pork sausage, so ask.
Very understanding of dairy allergies and adjusted the sauces in my dog accordingly.
There are vegan type sausages, we didn't try any so can't tell you if they were worth it or not.
The sausages were really good, buns, well geez, what are you wanting, it is just there to hold the internals.
I thought the price was high for what you got but the prices are quite neutral across the range be it duck or alligator or cow so I suppose something has to give and I think they found a balance.Highly disappointed in this place and it's sad because I love the one on magazine st!
First things first they didn't have much selection at the bar and no ginger ale either. 
Secondly the bartender was rude to my friend when he asked if they could customize drinks, she said "well we are a bar" with a sarcastic tone and I interrupted her saying some places don't customize drinks depending on what they want in the mix.
Thirdly, I was the first to order my Hot dog, we waited for almost ten minutes for them to tell my friend they could make what he was asking for and apparently the bartender didn't put my order in until they got my friends drink order. Mind you I'm the only one getting food my husband and friend were only getting drinks. We waited 10 minutes for my hot dog that hadn't even been put in yet! Needless to say I canceled my order. 
Last but not least, my husbands drink had cigarette ashes in it! When my husband said something The bartender looked at it and just made him a new one. The bartender looked into the red bull he used and seen there  were ashes on the can just to confirm it. And no we didn't get the replacement drink for free, yeah like if you get a hair in your food or a nail or whatever they replace it and comp you? Yeah didn't happen here my husband left with ash taste in his mouth.
I spoke to the manager who was nice but not sure she really understood what I was saying. 
Won't be returning.
Forgot to add, I seen the bartender pour both drinks... it was nothing near a shot in either of their cups.Frenchmen street - Amazing live music and Dat Dog will now go together hand in hand for me. 
Order the duck special (with blackberry sauce). Truly one of the best hot dogs I've had anywhere in the world. Thank you mr. bartender for the suggestion. My stomach thanks you.Delicious food, absolutely delicious!! Get the duck special and the loaded fries. Friendly and happy staff. Pretty good bar, too. We went every day of our trip, and everything we tried was creative and delicious xDI found it to be horrible.  The bun was double size of the dog.  Just didn't care for the food and service.  Will never go back .Love Dat Dog! I live down the street and frequent Dat Dog maybe once a week, whether that is for a beer, loaded fries, or the alligator dog. 2 for 1 special for Happy Hour. Dogs are welcome as well. The owner WILL spoil your dog with treats though. That is for sure.Just ok. Nothing to rave about. Staff was very nice. Table was sticky and it too too long to get our food.I have been to other locations of Dat Dog and was happy to find one on Frenchman.  Loved the balcony and that the waiter comes to take your order.  I am use to prices of their dogs but $9.50 for a bloody mary was a bit much.  Maybe they are expecting tourist to pay that much for cute drinks.  Next time will go else where for a cocktail but will return for their balcony and dogs.I loved the food here!  The atmosphere was really nice as well.  I followed everyone's reviews and got the white trash fries and chose a Guinness dog. The white trash fries were good, but be prepared for A LOT!  There is no description on what is on them so think dumped nachos but on French fries. It was a bit much for me, and I tried my husbands cheddar bacon ranch fries and THOSE were good.  I added andouille sauce, creole mustard, and fill relish to my dog and that was just about perfect.  Everything complemented the next.
I got one drink, their drink of the day, (a dirty cat or something?) and it was decent. 
Overall, I will definitely go back and try other new things, but I'd recommend giving the cheddar bacon fries some credit .We've been living in NOLA for almost a year now and tonight we finally had the opportunity to try Dat Dawg- I wish we hadn't!
First, as several people have mentioned, they only take cash. We had cash on us tonight, but that is a rare occurrence. In this day and age- just pay the 2% and take plastic already!
Second, the prices for hot dogs are way high. $7.50, and no this does not include fries or chips. Fries will set you back another $3.50 - $5.00. 2 Dawgs and 2 fries with a glass of water cost $25.00. That is WAY overpriced!
Third, let's talk about the food. This meal is one of 3 I can ever remember in my entire life throwing away. Yes, THROWING AWAY!!! I ordered the "veggie Dog" with a variety of toppings on the side. What they do not mention is that they do not serve veggie dogs, they serve a cheap Boca Burger cut up and shoved into a hot dog bun. As a person who loves Veggie dogs and hates Boca style veggie burgers, I was really surprised to receive a disgusting pre-frozen burger when I ordered a veggie dog. What the heck??? If nothing else, completely different condiments are used for a burger verses a dog. I took 2 bites and tossed the cheap flavorless mess. I also ordered fries with bacon, cheese and ranch. Those were fine and a large order. I had to toss half of them. My partner had a Guiness dog and fries. He thought the taste of it was fine, but nothing special and it was small and overpriced by about $3.
We will not be back and I don't understand why this place has such high ratings. Is food in the Big Easy really so bad that this place qualifies as good??Don't let the casual atmosphere fool you. It was a quiet Sunday afternoon and Dillon made us absolutely gorgeous and perfect Old Fashioned cocktails. He was very helpful, sharing recommendations for places to continue our culinary and libatious (is that a word?) journey through NOLA. Thank you Dillon! The Sea Dog (deepfried cod) the Werewolf and the Bacon Cheddar Ranch fries were so so good. Seriously. Just right. The afternoon sun was slanting in, the weather had just started cooling off for the late afternoon / early evening. So glad we popped in.German beef brat with mayo, onions,  tomatoes,  and the fries with chili,  yes please. Puppies loved coming out to eat, and even the temperature didn't deny us a warm spot out in the sun.Come here for a specialty dog, duck or rhe turducken. I personally loved the duck special! Great view from th e balcony too!My SO got Dat Dog during a recent trip to New Orleans.  We were there on a Thursday at 9pm.  We are both non-meat eaters so we both got vegan "Chef Choices".  I would recommend just building your own as the chefs the night we were there didn't seem to give much thought to our "Chef Choice" dogs.  I really do appreciate all of the the vegetarian/vegan options here and I think you could get a great hot dog (meat or veggie based) here...but maybe just build you own :-)
Keywords: Vegan, VegetarianIf you want a hot dog, this is where you should go. Of course, they are still just hot dogs.
Lots of options, but for all the money you spend, it is still just as satisfying as a hot dog.
Did I mention that they have hot dogs?
This is a hot dog restaurant.
It takes surprisingly long to get a hot dog in this place, all things considered.We stopped here one day after work and I was amazed at the different variations of hot dogs they have. This is my new favorite hot dog place. They even have a vegan hot dog that's delicious! I highly recommend you try this place. The hot dogs are fantastic. You will walk away wondering how you ever went through life without eating at this place!I had a bite of a couple of the different dogs and they were all kinds of awesome.  (I had already eaten and my friends were kind enough to provide a hot dog sampler). I'm not really even sure exactly what was on them but I will certainly be back next time I'm in NOLA. The upstairs area has a balcony to sit outside and listen to the live jazz   The drinks were ridiculously affordable too. I grabbed a vodka soda and it was only $5.The decor of the place has a summer like atmosphere. Very colorful and cool garage doors that welcome in any passerby. When there is good weather, you can sit outside at one of the many picnic tables or you can sit inside, watch the game and grab a beer.
With that said, the food is delicious. The buns they use are not buns. I'm not certain exactly what it is, but it's like a thick piece of bread cut in the middle in shape of a bun. That too, is delicious. I'm a very plain jane kind of person so I just get the beef dog with ketchup on it. The presentation of the food is very good. They do a zig zag with the ketchup and sprinkle some green ingredients (this is why I don't cook). The fries are really good too. They're a bit on the spicy side. They have a zest and a crunch to them. Most places don't really spend too much time on the fries to make them taste good, but kudos to Dat Dog for that.
With that said, the only feedback I have is the fact that it takes practically five minutes a person to order. I dread coming here on a really busy day because I'll have to invest an hour or more to be there on a busy day. They usually only have one person running the register. I really hope they sign up for the Square service soon so they can take debit cards/credit cards. It would speed up the line. The customer service is very friendly though. They all seem hardworking and will go beyond the customers expectation.Great price for a quick, and delicious bite. My friends and I loved Trivia Night (Tuesdays around 7:30 pm), and will definitely be making many appearances to hopefully win the free pitcher of beer one week.Very eclectic place to enjoy your hot dog. They have many different hot dogs to choose from along with different types of toppings. They have balcony seating outside which is definitely a must do. The food was really good the service is quick they have a full-service bar upstairs as well the prices were perfectDelicious! Great view and super quick order! Get a spot on the balcony. You won't be disappointed!We had lunch here last weekend while visiting NOLA to move our freshman daughter into her dorm at Tulane University. It was a fun experience! Also, I enjoyed reading about the history of the restaurant on their website, very inspirational!
The selection of hot dogs (alligator?!) and unlimited/interesting toppings (no extra charge) and fries (Anna's White Trash?!) was interesting and delicious. I had the smoked German bratwurst with olive salad and creole mustard. My unadventurous husband had a plain beef dog with mustard. We shared an order of plain fries and we each got a fountain drink.
The only thing keeping me from giving Dat Dog five stars is the cost. Two dogs, one order of fries and two drinks cost us $26-27. Not as affordable as you'd expect for a student hang-out near campus. But definitely worth an occasional visit!My Vegan Review: Stopped by one night and had their Vegan Sausage  Its was really good. Their bread is also Vegan. The nice gentlemen behind the counter told me once I asked about their Vegan dogs. Had their fries as well.
Cool little place right there on Frenchmen St. After checking out some bands stop by and grab a dog.I wish a Dat Dog could be in Los Angeles! This place is awesome and the food is absolutely delectable. I hope you come hungry because you will leave happy. Make sure to pair your dog with a local craft beer... can't go wrong with an IPA or a blonde.I have driven by this place many times and heard all my friends talk about it. So today I decided to check it out.
When I went up to order I noticed quite an extensive variety of dogs to chose from. I had a an alligator sausage dog. It was Quite fantastic so were the cheese fries. I also noticed they have a full bar with a great selection of beer. They got an outdoor projector so you can catch the game while you are eating your food.
While this place does have a lot of wonderful things it does have a few bad ones. One thing is that the prices are too expensive. Another thing was trying to hear the guy yelling out my name over a really loud crowd of people. Other than that it is still worth it to go in my opinion.
In short this is a fantastic place to get a good dog with all the works but be prepared to pay a little more than normal.Awesome great fun place with amazing dogs and beer! Loved this place. The atmosphere is super fun and the people that work there are very energetic.
If and when I come back to visit I definitely will come here again.
I highly recommend this place.Yessss... they serve Field Roast vegan dogs--my favorite brand! You get to pick your dog, then choose from a wide & unlimited array of toppings and condiments. They're open late, too, so this makes the perfect drunk food.
I had the smoked apple sage vegan dog with chipotle mayo, mustard, mother-in-law slaw, pico de gallo, and jalapenos, plus a side of seasoned fries. My friend got the kielbasa dog. We were both impressed with our respective orders.. 
The fries are awesome--super crispy with a bold flavor. I'd love to know what sort of spices they use. The spicy toppings complimented the veggie dog quite well, and I demolished the thing in the space of two minutes. My only complaints? The bun, while soft and fresh, was a bit skimpy, and I'd have liked more slaw.
It was busy the night we came, but we didn't have to wait overly long. We sat upstairs on the gallery, and watched the drunken revelers staggering about Frenchman Street. Fun place; great meal; would definitely return.We had more fun here than the stuffy fancy jazz club down the street. Stopped for a quick bite before grabbing the street car back to the hotel. There are jazz clubs on this entire street and the best show was from this balcony. Across the street was a 10 piece brass band of local kids jamming in the street. Played everything from Rick James to classic jazz. People literally dancing in the street in the rain to their music. We ate the best hot dogs ever and enjoyed a free concert and felt like we witnessed NOLA at its most natural essence: wet and wild.Perfect hood coffee shop ...lovely staff ...wonderful baked goods & yum breakfast. Coffee variations are delicious & sooo tasty. Espresso strong & oily ...def a pick me up. Relax inside or outside ...i'll be back regularly even if it will not be around the corner of my house anymore.The bacon werewolf and wtf fries were ok. Nothing special and actually way too salty. Plus, it was super busy and the order took like 20 minutes to come out. Definitely not worth your money or time.This is my favorite restaurant in new Orleans. I love the guiness sausage more than anything on the planet. They have good prices and I've always had a good experience with them. Try the white trash fries, you won't be sorry.Great spot to cap off a night out on Frenchman Street! These are some hearty dogs, too!! And if you're not completely decided on if you're done for the night, this place serves beer as well.  It's a win win!Oh what a wonderful place to stop after a few drinks.  Music was playing right outside. The dogs were delicious and I can't begin to describe the bacon ranch fries... to die for.  A couple libations might have influenced my taste buds but as a hot dog lover I would go back in an instant.Everything was bomb!
Duck sausage / blackberry sauce / cole slaw / onions / mustard - to die for combo. The duck flavor wasn't super prevalent, but still best hot dog I've ever had (and I wasn't even very drunk when I ate it). 
Slovenian sausage / andouille sauce / blue cheese - the slovenian sausage has a different flavor (similar to kielbasa?) and you'll need mints afterwards  - especially with this topping combo but it was real good. I wasn't crazy about the andouille sauce (the texture/color were a little weird) but it complemented the sausage nicely
Also, get fries. Any fries.This place is awesome! Stayed next door for a few days and ate her several time- Upstairs bar is cool- Hans is the man with the plan- every suggestion was spot on! Definitely go see Hans!Great food, quick and friendly service, fun balcony! I'm kinda obsessed with the GBLT I ordered for lunch. I'll definitely come back.Dat Dog was not amazing, it was good but not amazing. I got the crawfish sausage with crawfish étouffée and it was good. we also got étouffée fries which were good as well. This place is so casual, and there is a bar. I would say try Dat Dog atleast once when visiting NOLA, I personally would not want to go again but I'm really glad I tried it!We were in the area a few weeks back and decided to stop here for dinner. We had spent a good part of the day walking the French Quarter and Marigny and we were starving. 
It was a Saturday night at dinner time and it was on the busy side. There are two doors to get in and it was a bit confusing as to whether you seat yourself or wait to be seated. There were people mulling around for to go orders and it was a bit disorganized.
We eventually grabbed a table that became available. Someone came and took the previous inhabitant's empty baskets and trash away, but they never wiped down the table. We had to do our best to clean it on our own some.
I ordered the crawfish sausage with crawfish etoufee on top. My boyfriend got the alligator sausage. He wasn't sure what to top it with so the waiter suggested letting the chef surprise him. So, he did. They brought his out and it had bacon, onions and blackberry jam topping it. We were very skeptical about the blackberry jam all over it, but it was actually very good. I think mine was a little better, but I would recommend both.
Despite the messiness and disorganization, I would definitely come back. The staff was nice and the food was very good.I've been here twice.....it is awesome (and I don't even like hot dogs)
First thing....the location (burgeoning Freret) will capture your imagination of the inclusive arrogance of "our New Orleans" Uptown.  Then, the restaurant's Dr.Bob bottlecap art-styled deco inside and non-stop soundtrack of hits will set you in a playful positive mood.  It must be infectious because all the staff carry the same attitude and take pride in what they provide for customers.  It certainly helps that most of the staff are young coeds....
I've had a basic German with relish and mustard and chilli cheese fries (serving of fries could feed a family) and nearly melted when tasting the combination of the sourdough bun with the sausage.  It triggers an endorphine-fueled taste bud euphoria. I certainly didn't expect a hot dog (a freaking hot dog) to reach flavor this potent
One other time I parlayed the "Chef's Choice" which turned into a crawfish sausage, smothered in crawfish etouffee, mustard, tomatoes, onions, and mayo. It compels you to slow down and bask in the rich flavors they can deliver.
Can't say enough positive things about this place and it will always leave you in a good moodFood was awesome. Service was so-so. (Waiter kept forgetting drinks!) Fun balcony looking over Frenchmen St. We both had the same thing: Guiness dog? Yum.So besides the staff leaving something to be desired...the food was really good. They have a speciality drink on the menu they can no longer fnd the liquor for....but I really did enjoy the food it was worth the tripIt's near Tulane! I can go there instead of our canteen...We tried alligator dog and crawfish dog...kinda oily but it's real sausage...also with some good cheese fries...taste good...I ordered a veggie dog and got a packaged Garden Burger cut in half, singed, and placed on a hot dog bun. The toppings were skimpy. Now that just hurts my feelings!
Dat Dog, let me love you! You're a cool spot and I like the indoor-outdoor thing you have going on. If you start serving *legitimate vegetarian hot dogs,* not hard to find and offered in most grocery stores, I'm glad to re-review. If you just want to serve the pure colon carcinogens, then own that, too, and take the "veggie dog" option off the menu. But don't tease me.The Louisiana Sausage with andule sauce was delicious!  The chilli cheese fries have a certain Cajun spice very good.  I would definitely take a minute to try this place if you are in the area.  Inexpensive, filling, and a great vibe.You can build your own dog or burger or cod fish!! they even have vegetarian options! :) they have a full bar of course and beers on tap. This place is so good I would come again, pretty much all the meals are $7.95. Definitely worth it!!Dat Dog is dat place to be when you're on Frenchman street. Our group of 10 came here before going out to watch the Warriors/Rockets game and we were lucky to nab a table upstairs. 
Dat Dog is separated into two floors with the bottom floor being the main kitchen/bar and the upstairs being the balcony/bar as well. The downstairs area was much hotter than the upstairs, go figure so if I were you I would try to grab a table upstairs because they also have tables outside and multiple bathrooms. 
This place has a solid selection of dogs and additional toppings that start at ~$8. I ended up getting the polish kielbasa and it was delicious. It was cooked well and had a nice snap. What was even better was the bread they pair it with because it's vegan and has a nice sweet taste with each bite. If you're feeling a drink try the blackberry mules! 
It does take around ~20 mins to get your dog which is quite a long time, but if you're enjoying a drink or a game then it's not that big of an issue.Dat Dog is amazing. Sure, the price maybe higher than what you think a hot dog should cost and the wait maybe longer than you want, but the outcome - a hell of a way to spend lunch. Their variety of hot dogs and sausages, the numerous free toppings, the delicious toasted buns; this is no Lucky Dog my friend. I suggest dropping by late in the afternoon to avoid the serious crowds, order up a dog and some chili cheese fries to share (sooo good!), grab a Barq's and find a seat outside and relax. Your food will get there and it will be delicious. I can't wait until they move across the street to the bigger space. Remember - CASH ONLY.So good! Went their twice on our New Orleans trip. Great location on Frenchmen street right in the heart of it all. We ate French fries with cheese, bacon and ranch and couldn't get enough! Must visit this place!!! Bartenders are pretty cool as well.Two friends and I ate there Monday. The two of us who ordered the same spicy jalapeño chicken sandwich and I both got sick within the hour of eating it and into the next day.. 2 days later and my stomach is still cramping. I'd assume it was a sauce or the coleslaw- because the other girl ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich & did not get sick.
The service was terrible, drink wasn't good- the bartender only served Wells regardless of what we ordered, & none of the experience was worth getting food poisoning over!Dat Dog keeps it simple, with just meat on buns, fries, and drinks making up the menu. But oh what meat it is. For the traditional dog, you get a choice of German beef or pork wieners. The rest is a United Nations of sausage that includes bratwurst from Germany, Polska kielbasa, Slovenian sausage, and local alligator and smoked sausages. Nary a beak or claw was to be found: This was quality sausage. The buns are big to hold the range of condiments offered. I'm pretty sure the chili was homemade, dark with cumin. Other offerings include sauerkraut, onions, relish, multiple mustards, wasabi, guacamole, and andouille sauce. The cheese fries (one order is enough for at least 2 people, probably more) involved real cheese and not squirted cheese-like product, were crispy, and had a nice spice to them. The spouse, whose time overseas involved a great deal of European sausage sampling, gave both the traditional German beef dog and the Slovenian sausage thumbs up. At $5/$6 each, the dogs might be pricey for some, but one is enough for a meal and the quality is high. The only down part of the experience was running out of soda before I had finished my fries and the inane conversation of the sorority girls at the next table. 
Things to know: seating is minimal inside and out, they're cash only, and they're closed on Mondays.Had a plain pork dog, fries (with creole seasoning) and a fountain drink.  Fries were good, and the hot dog was ok.  I think they're a bit overpriced, 15 bucks and cash only, which isn't convenient for me.Went here after a fun night of drinking and listening to music on Frenchmens Street. Nothing could have topped off the night better. Delicious and quick and fun atmosphere. Def goI really like Dat Dog, and have found myself craving it on the regular.  I usually get the smoked german brat and it is awesome.  Had the keilbasa once and didn't love it, but that could just be preference.
Would love if they suggested creative/tasty ways to dress the crawfish or gator dogs differently than a regular sausage. I'm never really sure what would work best on those.
Also would be awesome if you could get some greens with the meal instead of fries as the only choice.  Would be there WAY more often for that.
Will definitely be returning soon! ps- the fries are deliciousOmg. This place is ridiculous. I also appreciate of the knowledge of the staff, as I wanted the duck sausage and didn't know what to put on it. Of course what was recommended was perfection. Blackberry jam? Who would think. My husband got the crawfish etoufee dog and it was insane. Great first spot to hit up once getting to NOLA.Finally got a chance to try this  place out... And I will say, this place had the best hotdogs I ever ate!!! The sourdough bread it comes on was perfect!!! So if ever in the area, highly recommend this spot.... Oh, the cheese fries with bacon was good as well!!Oh Goodness!  We had the spicy dog with tomato, onion and cheddar cheese.  The husband and I, who share everything, wished we had gotten our own!  Stop by here to enjoy a cocktail, good people watching, friendly service, and GREAT DOGS!Go hungry because portions are huge and plan on talking a walk after. I love the crawfish "hotdog" (more like sausages) withy crawfish étouffée. To-die-for. 
Husband sweats by the alligator with a simple squirt of mustard.Late night eats! Came here on a Saturday past midnight and it was cracking. Music blasting outside.
I got the Duck Special which is the duck sausage with blackberry sauce, mustard, mayo, and bacon. And I added grilled onions (for me this was essential). It was very tasty. Good pieces of bacon, the sausage was flavorful, and that blackberry sauce is bomb!
My husband got the brisket sandwich. I didn't try it, it didn't look particularly bomb.dot.com to me. He didn't make any comments for or against it. So I'm gonna assume it was just ok.
Top that with the Barq's red cream soda. Winning combination.Alligator sausage? Chili cheese fries? I've died and gone to Joe Dirt heaven! Delicious.
Being from Minneapolis - which was recently voted the Number One Hipster City by some self-righteous rating company - I'm always surprised to see hipsters when I travel to another city. I mean, face it, Minneapolis had hipsters long before your city did.
While visiting New Orleans, a local friend recommended Dat Dog. When we were walking up, I saw it all - skinny jeans! Handlebar mustaches! Unshaved pits on girls! Ink on every body part that you can imagine! It was a beautiful sight.
We walked inside, and became completely overwhelmed by the options - dogs could be swamp dogs (made of alligator), chorizo, beer bratwurst, and a whole host more. 
When you go to the counter,  be prepared to know what you want. This is not the kind of place you dawdle and decide at the counter. Well, it can be, but just know that the people behind you will definitely roll their eyes at you behind your back and talk about you later.
PROTIP: Beware if someone says that they recommend the sausage then casually glance downward. They're not talking about the dogs.
I had a swamp dog (alligator sausage) with ranch bacon fries. It was to die for. My heart couldn't stand eating at this place daily, but if I lived nearby, it would definitely be on my regular go-to list.I have to start by saying that I really regret giving Dat Dog four stars, but it must be done. The food is really creative, the restaurant is clean, and the dogs and fries are killer. However, the carnage Dat Dog wrecked upon my gastrointestinal system is beyond words. Much like the eager citizens of Virginia before the Battle of First Manassas, I prepared myself for an enjoyable afternoon only to witness a bloodbath the likes of which I'd never seen.I shall buck the norm and declare a 3-star rating. I know, shocking right? But everyone else gave it a 4.5. I know.
Actually, I would be willing to give it a 4, but this is based on a ONE time experience. I enjoyed it and would recommend this. I just have some reservation.
But let me first start off with what I ordered. I had the Louisiana cajun dog with everything (wasabi, onions, chili, bacon, cheddar, the works...) I don't recommend getting getting everything on it b/c although it is a of fresh, solid ingredients, you can't throw everything on it and expect it to be delish. 
I also ordered the bacon-ranch, cheddar fries. They provided a large base of fries ($3.25). They had ample bacon bits; a small amount of ranch; and the fries were the slightly cajun-ed type...BUT the weird thing is, it did not impress me at all. Man, Rally's serves a better version of this and it's supposed to be the same thing. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad (more like average), but when you throw that mix together, it should be the bomb-diggity. 
Overall, nice experience. Nice seating area -- outside in the sun but under the umbrella shade. Cool breeze (for New Orleans at least during the spring). I did order a bottle coke so I was a bit parched after I exasperated by defined quantity of sugar and water (I prefer a fountain drink b/c it is New Orleans and there is a thing call heat and humidity, but that fountain version should be coming along once they officially open their new side). 
So why not a 4-star? It easily has the potential to exceed that, but I am going to wait until my next dog, I mean, dat-dog.I and my wife got the featured crawfish hotdog and alligator sausage hotdog. I choose chef's option for the alligator and both hot dogs were great. We also ordered a WTF fries, which is just average.This is an amazing place on Frenchmen St. to grab a quick meal when you're amidst craziness around you. If you're dining in anywhere on the first floor you must order from the bartender. If you're getting something to-go, order at the register. There is a dining room upstairs as well.
I highly, highly recommend the Crawfish Etoufee Dog (one of their specialties) and the White Trash Fries (basically some loaded fries). This should do for one hungry fellow and the fries are shareable. The great taste of that crawfish dog screams New Orleans inspired cuisine. The dijon mustard on top really tied all the flavors together (yummy cheese, sour cream, steamed bun, etc.).
Don't skip out on Dat Dog because it's a great NOLA experience while you're catching some music.The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because of the day after. Nearly killed me but dear lord were the fries and dogs amazing! Dig in!Yes!!! I found myself closing my eyes when I was chewing. I'm from Dallas but I'm a bit obsessed with a movie (mr right) that was filmed in New Orleans. Me and the hubby came down specifically to visit some of the places from the movie. I was expecting to fall in love with a hot dog. But I did!! The bread is amazing! The wiener simply delicious. The fries. The homemade chili that I topped everything with. All of it was memorable. We really enjoyed ourselves. Met some new people and added a new favorite to our travels. Thank you Dat Dog.I have been to the restaurant on Freret a couple of times.  I have been ordering an Italian sausage dog with sauerkraut and they are very good.  My only complaint is that they put very little sauerkraut on it.  I mean like a table spoon.  Please, please make your portions bigger!!!What a funky spot right on Frenchman street. If you get there around 7 there is a jazz band that plays across the street and you can watch from the balcony. 
So you can order upstairs or down and in the evening it is busy so there is a bit of a wait. I asked about the off menu duck dog with blackberry jam. It was really sweet but it went very well together. They have a huge selection of different kinds and wish I could have tried more.  We also got the ranch fries which were also amazing. Cool and definitely worth a stop. 
Put it on the list.Hard to say this, but as a proud Chicagoan, this place has the best dogs I've EVER had (including Hot Doug's in Chi-town - I know, I went there). A more evolved wiener and taste selection plus fantastic bread just slap any notion of you thinking you know hot dogs to the wayside. Give them the heavyweight title and hang it on the wall.The alligator dog is "awesomeness"! The "Datburger" is nothing special, but still good. Service is the best you can get!! We ordered "The Datburger" was a little dry so the GM, Jake came out and asked what we didn't like about it. Gave us 2 orders of very delicious fries for free! That's what I call great service!!Pretty good hot dogs...I think it's the bread more than anything.  Service was ok....not 100% but ok. Good for going somewhere with kids.  My son enjoyed all of the colors on the outside seating.  Pretty fun place.  Slightly overpriced for a hot dog though.Well worth the price and many choices of "dogs". I just got the traditional beef weiner with chili and cheese and shared the side order of fries....they were HUGE. and delicious of course. My boyfriend got the crawfish sausage which made me want more! Next time I go I'll try a fancier dog. Definitely a spot for hot dog/sausage lovers!!Dat Dog is a great place for a casual lunch or dinner with friends. I bring my friends down from out of town, and they have a really good time. Also, it has free trivia every Tuesday, and that's a lot of fun. The other reason for this review is that they have great customer service. I had a bad experience involving an app that did not work recently, and I left with a really sour taste in my mouth. Both the director of marketing and COO reached out to me to apologize for/remedy the experience. They really went beyond my expectations, and it was a really classy gesture.Awesome place! It has a balcony in Frenchmen St, incredible music going on in the corner... Hot dogs are delicious! And good beer menu! Love it!Wonderful dogs, I had never experienced a hot dog like this before. Staff not very welcoming, order at bar area. Staff will not come to your table or even acknowledge you being there until you do.Went here for happy hour between listening to jazz clubs. Bartender was awesome, great beers for 2$ a ton of choices for hot dogs, yummy fries really hot. A nice change from NOLA expensive food. Friendly, yummy, cheap.  Enjoy!!Good hotdog place. They have a three different vegan hot dogs. They have an outdoor porch that would be good in the winter.Eat with the locals!  I have a friend in NOLA and she brought me here for the best darn dog and fries I have ever had!  It's the perfect hangover food!  
Get the loaded fries for sure!  And like all good places in NOLA the have "go cups".holy crap was this the best hot dog I've ever had.
be brave and opt for chefs choice.  TRUST ME, they know what they are doing.
I got the Alligator sausage with a boatload of toppings ranging from avocado and pico de gallo to the andouille sauce. it was off the charts.
HUGE outdoor patio area if you don't mind the humidity.
and if you have the stomach capacity for it, get some of the fries. sort of NoLa Poutine. Loved the ranch and the etouffee fries equally.
can't believe this started as just a stand across the street. one year in and it's going VERY strong. this will become a NoLa institution. no question.They sell hot dogs. Only hotdogs. +1 for that. 
They have creative dogs - not really my thing, and multiple toppings -  which I dig. 
2 chili cheese dogs. 1 original beef, 1 Guinness dog for the boy, and a side of fries to share. 
-The dogs appear grilled (on a griddle not a grill) not boiled or steamed - on a grill is the only way to go in my opinion.  The Guinness dog was a bit burnt in spots.   
-The beef dog was only room temp (not even warm enough to melt the cheese on the bun). Leading me to believe it was precooked. The chili was also only room temp. Cold shredded cheese is not OK. 
-The Guinness dog was sweet and indeed tasted like Guinness.  
-The chili was ok. not bad not great. 
-The bun was a bit excessive. Nice that they toasted it, but just too much bread for my liking, I cut a bit off and ate around it. 
The fries are large enough to share and are coated or double fried. They have that Rally's thing going on. You know what I'm talking about...but they were overcooked. Leaving dry hard fries. No bueno. 
Overall I wasn't impressed but where else are you going to grab a quick hotdog?Fun place. The crawfish etouffee fries had no crawfish to be found. Only a massage chunk of sour cream? I'd try something different next timeAnother delicious NOLA culinary meat purveyor, specializing in processed meat in tube form...We've only been to the Frenchmen location but I hear the Freret St. location is good also. 
 We've been here twice now and have liked it both times. The S/O always get's the "Slovenian Sausage" and likes it. I've had a bite and I agree. I've had the "Italian" (last time) and the "Hot Bratwurst" this time. Both were damn good. The only item we have had so far that we didn't care for was the chili they use to top the "Chili Cheese Fries". Tasted like hormel...which was god awful I thought. 
 To the Haters (YES, I've read your reviews also)...get real. It's a hot dog place. That's doing interesting and inventive things with HOTDOGS...what more do you want? Yes, for a dog $7.75 is pretty steep. But where else can you get such inventive Dogs? -enough about that....if you don't get the concept...please don't go...it will make my wait next time soo much shorter.Fun atmosphere with unique toppings for your hotdog. Quality hotdog with real skin snap and a buttered bun, we had an etouffe topped beef dog and 2 happy hour beers, great deal in the jazz and live music center of New Orleans.Duck dog "the right way" = Amazing. Hans will hook you up with recommendations for everything!Pretty good hotdogs! I quirky little restaurant in a neat area of NOLA.  The hotdogs were pretty good! The chili cheese fries were also good. Over all, a fun restaurant! Take a stop by when you're visiting NOLA!!!!But that bacon werewolf!! Didn't have a taste for a hot dog but this bacon werewolf is treating me right.I love this place. A ton of options, and a lot of different meat choices.
The owner is usually behind the register and is very nice.
Only con is that the don't take credit cards.I hate they just opened a location on Frenchmen.  Frenchmen is such a local feel so it pained me a chain made its way in.  
That being said...I went and it was awesome.  Dat Dog really is good.  It is at least a local chain.  
Great great food.  Great beers.  The frenchmen location lets you sit on the upstairs balcony which is awesome and beautiful.  
It pained me to eat at a chain on frenchmen...but it hurt so good.Glorious goodness!!! I love the simplicity of this heavenly place. Walk past all the picnic tables to the bar area inside, there's a chalk board to your left, pick your dog (meat, seafood, and veggie options) and pick your toppings (I suggest the crawfish étouffée and cheese)! That's it! And the fries are a fantastic side!! Costs less than $15 a person for a decked out dog, fries, and a drink. Oh and be prepared- CASH ONLY which is weird and inconvenient but the food makes up for it!I regret not exploring Frenchman Street earlier in our trip, but alas. My husband loves hot dogs, and so found this place and had to try it. We ordered at the bar, and they'll bring your food to you. The gentleman at the counter was so friendly! So thank you, kind sir. We tried a Chicago dog, a kielbasa, and an alligator dog. Oh, and fries. All were very good, and I liked how they offered dogs other than your normal ballpark frank. There's an upstairs too, that looks out over the street.Honestly I love Dat Dog, I live just a couple blocks up the road and I'm in there all the time. Tuesday Trivia Night is dope. 
But they need a new TV. I used to go watch the Saints games on Sundays, and halfway through football season their only outdoor TV (which was big and nice) broke and there was some weird discoloration in the bottom half. I thought it would be fixed, let the super friendly staff know about it. Nothing happened. It's been like that for over 6 months now. You'd think that a place that is geared towards live tv events like Dat Dog would prioritize having something passable to watch live tv on.Great veggie Dog with tons of fixins' to add to it. Eat upstairs and people watch from the balcony.Umm YES!!!  This place is a must when in the Quarter.  Some many amazing options for your hot dog.Certainly not the place to go if you're looking for an haute-cuisine dining experience but for what it is this place can't be beat.
I stopped in for a quick lunch and will return every time I'm in New Orleans.
Great atmosphere, good selection of cold draft beer and super friendly, efficient staff.
I had a dog smothered in crawfish etouffee ............AMAZING!Sick hot dog joint and bar in Freeman Street are of New Orleans.  2 story place out of the rain.  Gator dogs and crawfish fries.  TV's around the place and music right outside on the street. Cool area away from the craziness of Bourbon Street. Live music all around. Dogs were really good. Quick and hot. Crowded but easy to find a seat.Knew this place since it first opened up on Freret and watched as it grew into a money grubbing machine. Sure, the hotdogs are tasty. But can you believe they charge you $9 for a hot dog and $4 for a soda? People are such fools for thinking this place is "legit" and a "find" in Nola. Somebody care to explain why its cash only? Because people never have cash these days and they conveniently have an ATM with a $3 surcharge. I guarantee they make a killing from that alone. You just dropped $16 on a $5 lunch buddy!
And I knew two guys who worked there and the management treats employees like crap. The founder, a former Tulane professor who drives a really nice old school white Mercedes, seems like a nice enough guy, but I really hate the way this place is conducting itself. 
Scam, don't let yourself get "just a little" ripped off for a "taste of DAT new orleans flava yall!". Everything about this place is fake and about money.
EDIT: They now accept cards so I gave them an extra star.I love hot dogs. For real. So I was super excited to try Dat Dog - and it's really good! I've tried the hot sausage, the smoked sausage, and the beef hot dog, all of which are delicious. The sausages & hot dogs are really high quality, which I really appreciate. The impressive list of topping options is also awesome - guacamole, 2 types of relish, lots of veggies & condiments. 
But the product isn't always as great as promised. A few times my food has only been lukewarm, which is disappointing. And the sourdough bun that each hot dog comes on is surprisingly sweet, which I don't like. Plus the toppings don't always live up to expectations - last time I ordered guacamole, there was barely any - I actually had to pick the hot dog up to find it. 
However, I will definitely go back to Dat Dog - the people who work there are always super nice and, honestly, I'm just a sucker for a good hot dog.These dogs are not your mothers' Oscar Mayer wieners folks. 
Tucked away in a little shop on Freret St., it's so tiny you might miss it if it were not for the line out the door & the bright orange trim. 
I'm sorry, I must digress....Freret St. OK, folks. It's not pronounced ferret like the freaky little furry things. This is what I kept saying, to the laughter of everyone around. But then I try to say Fur-ay, like I am trying my best to sound french, & I get more laughter! So, in the wise words of a NOLA native, you gotta start out like you are french & then get lazy halfway through. That's just the Louisiana way. So it's Fur-et. 
Now, where was I? Oh right, tiny on the inside, orange on the outside. Guys with dreadlocks and Hawaiian shirts cooking your food fresh right there in front of you. Great options- crawfish sausage, alligator sausage, LA hot sausage, etc. And it says right there on the chalkboard menu where they get it from! They also have seasoned fries or chili cheese fries. And that's about it. 
Simple. Local. Done right. 
SPECIAL NOTE: Cash Only! & the ATM inside is spotty, so don't rely on it working.um, crawfish sausage, YES PLEASE!  This is NOT a 'hot dog' stand!I've been going to Dat Dog since it was located in a shack across the street from the current Freret Street location, and in its current state, it's better than ever. I think of and describe this place as the is the gastropub of hot dogs or, more appropriately, of all things you can serve on a hot dog bun. Dat Dog will put a smile on your face and a pound on your waist.
There are hot dogs and hot dogs; this is the latter. Here, hot dog can mean a seadog (fried piece of cod), alligator sausage, duck sausage, turducken dog (use your imagination) or other marvelous creations. The toppings come in a wide variety and are about as imaginative as you can get. The fries, I could honestly do without. To me, the fries are not as special. They just seem like fries with some fun topping, but they are still just fries. Others disagree, but I go to Dat Dog for the main event. 
If you want to have a plain jane hot dog, don't come here. It would be such a waste of time and money. Come here to expand your hot dog horizons past an Oscar Mayer wiener. If you are really adventurous, let the chef pick your toppings for you! Do not take people to this restaurant who are calorie counting or on a diet. Do take carefree, hungry people here after a fun-filed day for a gluttonous meal and a beer. As far as I can tell, there are no healthy options. Bad thing? Only when you get on the scale later. 
As for the current Freret Street location, I love it. It's a funky, fun atmosphere where cool renovated garage meets hot dog gastropub meets Hawaiian luau. I've never had a problem getting a seat at this unique place, even when it's crowded. They have coverings and fans in the summer and outdoor heating in the winter which helps, but it's still outside. Consider whether this will be an issue for you. 
But I do not like the line to order. It's long. Even when I call in an order and arrive at the specified time, I'm still waiting. And, this is just a pet peeve but the Freret location is still cash only which rubs me the wrong way. Sure there is an ATM, but why cash only? Dat Dog is not a struggling new business, as other reviewers have stated. 
Which bring me to another point... One $... NOT! Let's do the math... Roughly $7.75 per hot dogs + $2.00 for drink + around $4.00 for fries + the $2.50 ATM fee (because I never have cash) = $16.25-ish for a large, one person meal sans alcohol or $26.00-ish for a couple splitting fries, again sans alcohol. I always make sure to bring cash and skip the fries to cut costs. I also have to call before we go if I want a seadog; they always seem to be out when I'm looking to indulge. 
Overall, it's a big thumps up with some reservations. I worry about Dat Dog expanding too quickly, re: will it lose its quirky charm? But so far, so good. We're still in love with Dat Dog.The dog was so tender that the beef literally melted in my mouth. The bun was so sweet that I shed tears of joy when I took my first bite. Although the dogs were a little small, totally worth it.Went in there with my friend to grab a beer. My friend has epilepsy and has a service dog to help her, before we even got through the door the older women behind the bar with blue hair told us to leave. My friend calmly went up to her and showed her the dogs service animal card. The blue haired women was Extremely mean and asked my friend what the dog was used for, my friend explained she's epileptic. Then the women asked to see her medication, in front of a bunch of customers! I couldn't help but notice that those customers promptly left during our conversation with her.
 It was extremely embarrassing for my friend. We decided to leave after that, not that we had a choice because the women still refused to service us. I couldn't help, but feel my friend was discriminated against because she doesn't look like she has a disability. I feel sorry for anyone who has disabilities entering this place. It's one thing to simply say no, but to be down right cruel is un-exceptable.
 Embarrassing my friend by asking inappropriate and personal questions about her disability  is un-exceptable and illegal. 
I don't recommend anyone with disabilities to go here unless you want to be treated like a second class citizen and have your rights as an equal human be dismissed simply because someone does not believe you. I can't help but think if my friend was a little old lady, is this how she would be treated? 
So anyway we left and had a drink at the bar down the way called 13. They where nothing but compassionate and where appalled at the way Dat Dog treated my friend. The bartender was nothing but warm hearted and really helped my friend feel better about the incident that happened at Dat Dog. 13 is a prime example of how an establishment should treat their customers.Love this place which seems to be frequented by tourists and locals. Good for a date or casual family dining. Outside and indoor seating. I recommend you get the chef's choice dog for a new favorite every time you go!Expect to have to defend your humanity if you're not white. A racist customer trying to cut you in line by spewing racist shit to your face ("You're going to die from diabetes because you're black," said by a racist girl whose friends tried to cover her mouth to physically prevent her from continuing her racist tirade) in front of an entire crowd will have the security guard (Eric) come over to explain to you that there are "two wrongs in this story." Eric will refuse to listen to other customers who try to confirm your story to him. The white male manager will come talk to you and tell you that you're racist because you tell him that he doesn't have to defend his humanity as a white man. Expect to be told to calm down over and over again. Expect them to undermine what you have to say because "it's mardi gras" and being drunk is a valid excuse for racism in this establishment.I am a vegetarian giving this place five stars. 
While I am a big fan of their veggie and falafel dogs, the loaded cheese fries are what really got me hooked on this place. 
Combine the insane fry/hot dog combo, with cheap drinks, a fun atmosphere, and WEEKLY TRIVIA, and you've got yourself your new favorite hotdog place you never knew you needed.I got the german smoked bratwurst. Honestly, it tasted like any other sausage to me, but what made it so good was the bun. It was a bit sweet, but delicious! I will definitely have to come back and try the other sausages. 
I also got a side of chili cheese fries. It was more than enough, I could have shared them with someone. They were goooooooooood! 
The restaurant itself is pretty small, but there are some seats outside. Plus, you actually get some what of a breeze outside. Inside, it was really hot and stuffy.It's hard to label this place, on one hand it's a great place to get a hot dog! Many different varieties and recipes with alligator and crawfish, to blue cheese and wonderful sauces, some of the best dogs I've had.
On the other hand it's a super cool little bar to hang out on and people watch right on the heart of the Marigny.
Great food great prices and a full service bars with fun and friendly bartenders.
The vibe is relaxed and welcoming, it's a mix of a dive bar with an art walk! The hot dogs really are the star of the show but you can have fun what ever your mission is!Great spot hot dogs off the chain my girl and I were in town looking for something different and once I seen "dat" I was all for it lol it was sooo good though she was so excited!We had a fun time at Dat Dog! Great location- we stopped by before going out on Frenchman and got in on trivia night. The Bacon Werewolf was phenomenal and necessary for bacon lovers everywhere.The Spot
If you find yourself in the New Orleans Uptown neighbourhood (and really you should, because it's a great area to visit) grabbing a Dat Dog is something of an Uptown rite of passage, according to the locals. A brightly coloured and whimsically decorated exterior complete with a twenty-foot long communal hot dog shaped table welcomes you to "put a smile on your face". A visit to Dat Dog certainly achieved just that.
What's Really Good? 
The menu includes all sorts of gourmet dogs ranging from the alligator sausage, to the crawfish sausage, to the Guinness dog poached in Ireland's notorious stout, as well as a selection of more classic European sausages. You are welcome to dress your own dog with a cornucopia of toppings (especially Andouille), or have the experts dress it for you. The dogs are served to you tableside after ordering and they look as good as they taste, the hardest part is to decide what dog to order in the first place. Dog highlights included the Alligator sausage as well as the Guinness dog, and the not-to-be-missed turducken dog! Sides to accompany your dog include classic and delicious floats, the favoured float being made with Mexican coke -- because high fructose corn syrup doesn't belong in this thing of beauty.
You'll Wanna Know 
If you brought a huge appetite Uptown with you, add Anna's White Trash Fries to your experience for only five Benjamins, these fries come loaded with everything you could ever ask for at a weigh in of what felt like roughly ten pounds.
Dat Dog certainly elevates the once lowly wiener to an almost heavenly status.
Oh and, it's cash only!Wow! Order the alligator dog - was amazing! Jake the GM went out of his way to make sure our party was taken care of. Excellent customer service and really great staff!Best hot dog I've have ever had. Gamble and get the Chefs choice. Chances are you'll have the best hot dog you have ever dreamed of! 
The crawfish etouffe fries are also amazing! Stop by before the next bar hop!Came here after a night of drinking to get something to eat. The hot dog wasn't that great, and the white trash fries (loaded fries) weren't much better either. I guess if you're really hungry after drinking it would be perfect for you. There's also a full service bar inside to get more drinks.
There's not much seating area downstairs, but you can go upstairs to order and site down. There's also a balcony area upstairs to sit outdoors while listening to the jazz music from the nearby clubs.We had a bad experience at another local establishment and just happened upon Dat Dog.  OMG the hot dogs are fantastic.  The service was great and the whole was amazing.Incredible food, great service. George was our server and he hooked it up to the nines. Best experience food and drinks in the cityA week later and I am STILL dreaming about the dog I had here!
My friends and I were just looking for a place to grab a quick bite and a drink to go but ended up staying for the best hot dog I have ever had....and subsequently coming back two more times for late night snack. Three times in two days? That deserves a review!
We walked in and sat at the bar, there were about ten customers in total at 3:30 on a Thursday afternoon. Immediately we were helped by the gracious bar tender who gave us the run down of the menu along with beer selections. He also noted a hot dog that was missing from the menu but was a personal favorite of his. At first we were skeptical about the somewhat strange toppings but after a rave review from a nearby customer we decided to try it...
Duck sausage, blackberry sauce, chipotle mayo, creole mustard, bacon, sautéed onions!!!
Gird your loins people!! This is the best sausage/hot dog you will ever have! I hope to go back one day just for this.Very cool scene! Most unique and delicious hotdog I have ever had. We had the Chicago Dog and it was amazing! The WTF fries were covered in delishiousness. Good customer service.Nice art work. Great service. Food was great and must visit. Had the duck dog with off menu toppings. Hubby had alligator dog, chef choice.My second time coming here. I came here 2 years ago for the first time after seeing them on tv I believe. Absolutely loved it! I had the son of a saint dog this visit and the last time I had the crawfish one. Both had so much flavor! I also got the crawfish fries this time. This place is good to grab a dog and a beer and sit on the balcony and people watch on Frenchmen St. Also if you visit at night you can catch the jazz halls in full swing.We went there before midnight and we were pretty happy with our choice. There was a line but didn't take us long to place our orders. Our orders were ready in about 15 min. They have a lot of creative choices and I bet most are yummy.
Staff:4/5
Hot dog: 5/5
Fries:4/5
Cleanliness: 3/5
Overall:4/5Great quick stop, had the Guinness dog, great flavor and cooked perfect. Awesome casual atmosphere on the balcony.This place is super cheap and very tasty. We were at the end of our trip and were about out of cash, so we were told to check this place out. I don't even like hotdogs but we KEPT hearing about it so we went. I actually got a buffalo fried chicken hot dog, it was crazy awesome. They have everything from gator dogs to like I said--fried chicken. Bbq, beef, bacon, the works. Relatively Affordable drinks too. It wasn't super packed, it's kind of a little hole in the wall so i wasn't sure what to expect. Not overly touristy either. Would definitely recommend and would go again. I did deduct one star though, because while I get the dive environment, there's definitely opportunity for improvement as far as cleanliness. Tables were old and sticky, and the bathroom was nasty. So bring some hand sanitizer and use the bathroom somewhere else. But this place is definitely worth it!!Great place!! Fun funky decorations! Great happy hour specials! Watched the St Patrick's Day parade from the bar through the many open doors. Food is delicious  and the options are endless. Service was satisfactory with an eclectic mix of cool laid back staff. Definitely a favorite!I hate hot dogs but I love this place. I got the crawfish dog with etouffee, with a bier de gaard and I'm so glad I did. (Also, high five to the bartender who asked if I was *sure* about the beer.) There were a lot of other options too (vegetarian, vegan) and they all sounded SO good. I need to spend more time here.I love hot dogs!!!! Love them more than ever thanks to dat dog. The waiter / bartender Nathan was the best. I started out with a bloody Mary nice and spicy. I ordered the crawfish eutufe' dog and my husband had the werewolf dog and we split the twt fries. They were  great. We ordered a second werewolf dog to split.   So when you are in nola go to dat dog you will love it.I really wanted to like this place, but I think we came on an off day.  It took 40 mins to get our food.  (We might have left if we weren't parked there to watch a World Cup game.)  The server was apologetic once we asked her about it (another server took our order); however, it would have been nice if she addressed the issue before we asked.  Once our food came out, one of the dogs was cold and had to be sent back.  It came back and my boyfriend said it was great (it was one of the veggie dogs).  I had the crawfish etouffe dog.  It was really good, but there was TOTALLY pork product in it.  The server told me it was just all crawfish.  I should have know better.  There was a pork casing on it fo' sho'.  Oh well.  If I am in New Orleans again I would give this place a second chance.  They are open very late and in a prime location.  I am sure it's the perfect fix if you have the late night drunken hungries.    
(Oh, they had two different feeds on their TVs for World Cup which was kind of awkward.  I won't fault them for that, but just be careful which TV you watch during a sporting event!)Ate here multiple times. Disappointed my stomach could only hold one dog.
A go to stop after sightseeing in the French Quarter or in preparation for Frenchmen street fun.  
Highly recommend the bacon werewolf or the alligator sausage (but do whatever combo fits you mood)...don't forget there is a second floor with outdoor seating, perfect for people watching.As a blue-blooded Chicagoan living in NOLA, I feel fully qualified to review this hot dog stand.  Dat dog's dogs are as good as any you would get in Chicago.  Tasty, perfect texture, great toppings, etc.  
Excellent fries as well with perfect seasoning.  I tried to get the secret to their buns-- all I was told is that they're sour dough.  They're perfect as well.  Highly recommend if you're looking for a quality dog in NOLA.Fire! That is all.pure utter fire. Pretty much tried everything and had zero complaints. Great mix up on a classic.My first experience of Dat Dog was on Dine Out for Life.  A NO/AIDS taskforce fundraiser.   So I'm very happy they participated.  I called my to go order in rather than stand in line.   I ordered two dogs and fries.  $17.   No problem.  The time I waited wasn't that it was long, but the food arrived and the bartender served three more drinks before she gave me the food.   That is the one thing that really irritated me.   The place was packed, but she could have given me the food first.   In addition, there were no napkins nor catsup for the fries.   With that said, the dog was good.  I probably will never do the chef's choice again.   Too much sour kraut and relish.   But again it was good and I will probably go back and try them again.Great place, quick friendly service, awesome location and luckily they are open lateAfter a long day of walking about New Orleans, we decide to stop here for some good hot dogs suggested by yelp with lots of positive reviews. This place has two stories.  The bottom was filled with lots of people and the top not so much from just walking in.  After we sat down, we realized that there were lots of people here but they were sitting outside on the balcony looking over the people playing music and walking around.  We should have sat outside. It's okay, next time we will.
We ate family style so we each can try as many hotdogs and fries we can.  We ordered 3 different hotdogs and 3 different fries.  It was very filling for 6 people.  It was very delicious.  I ordered the Bacon Were Werewolf (Slovenian Sausage, Bacon, Sauerkraut, Dill Relish, Grilled onions, Tomatoes, & Creole Mustard).  It was delicious.  My family ordered 2 other hotdogs (sorry I forget which ones they were) and some Chili Cheese Fries, Crawfish Étouffée Fries and the famous WTF fries (loaded).  They were all delicious and filling. 
Overall everything was great.  The atmosphere was nice and it's family friendly.  Note that you seat yourself and have to go up to the bar to order your food and the condiments are downstairs.  Great place and will definitely be back to try other stuff.The wieners and sausages are of a very high quality. The buns are stellar. the array of toppings is wide, and the chili cheese fries are other worldly.
Yes five bucks is steep for a dog, but this is really quality stuff, and enough hotdog that you need not order more than one. So, I think its worth what it costs. Plus they have Barq's in a bottle and Mexican Coke (i.e. real cane sugar, not HFCS) which always wins me over.I drove 30 minutes out of the way to come here, it did not disappoint!! Not only was the food boooomb af but for my mom who's absolutely obsessed with all things la and Tupac..... definitely A+++ 
they also have board games you can play, super chill vibeNOTE: Just wanna point out a couple things, Chris H. 1. I still gave the place an A-OK. B. $5 is way too much for a hot dog and last, you are from Baltimore and I am from NY. When the new Lake Trout place opens, I will defer to your expertise. =)
ORIGINAL REVIEW
I know I'm gonna sound like a NY asshole after this review, but, the fact of the matter is, I am a NYer,  eaten many a Greys Papaya and lived in Coney Island, blocks from the original hot dog. Nathans.
To be fair to Dat Dog, it was lunch when we went, and I think they had just gotten some press. So, it was busier than they were ready for, I take that into account here. 
I had regular old beef dogs, even though I came with an open mind, and wanted to try out something more adventurous. But, at $6 a pop, I was a bit reluctant. Instead I settled for a $5 beef dog. It was good, have to say, snap casing,  good taste. The bun was way too sweet for my taste, and was listed as sour dough on the menu, (seems a bit sweet to be sour dough.) Fries were nothing special, seemed like store bought frozen. 
I got a little pissed because it took about 20 mins to get our food and the manager/owner? noticed (they gave us our dogs before the fries and didn't get the fries till after finishing the dogs.) The owner? noticed and gave me money back for the fries when they came out. I felt justified taking it.
Bottom line, good dogs, probably not normal for it to take that long, very sweet buns. Seems way overpriced to me (it was over $20 for 2 dogs 2 drinks and a fries.) but I guess worth trying if you can afford that sort of thing. 
Wish I had tried one of the more creative sausages, but on principle I can't spend $6 on something called a hot dog (unless I'm at a mlb baseball game.)Fantastic alligator dog and crawfish fries. Nice staff and clean resturant. Will be back again.So, when they moved locations, it was great for a while.
Then they upped the prices beyond what I want to pay, again.
Too Bad.Straight up. This is THE BEST HOTDOG JOINT I'VE EVER EATEN AT. Very brat approved. I had the crawfish étouffée dog. Literally game over. I'd eat here every day if I lived in NOLA. BIG UPS TO DAT DOGOk so we're from NY and enjoy a good hot dog. This place was sooo good. I got the chef special where you let the staff pick your toppings. YUMMMM my hot dog was perfect! If your in New Orleans you gotta check this place out. Can't go wrong with hot dogs, fries and a good drink.Love it. One of the best brauts I've had in a while and the bun was delicious. The chili cheese fries could have had more cheese but they were still amazing. I feel like I'll be returning here way more than I need to.I'm a huge fan of dat dog and it's hard to visit Nola without stopping by for a hot dog. Came to the Frenchman street location right before heading out of town. Had a polish dog with Chef's choice. Was delicious. Their fries are pretty good too.Y'know if I liked tubes of meat, I'm sure Dat Dog is great. But I decided after eating about 1/2 my crawfish sausage dog here that I'm just not into hot dogs. Really it's not them it's me.
The bread is awesome though...maybe if I go back with friends, I'll just get bread with toppings.Dillon made us the best Bloody Marys to go ... Was a yummy meal on wheels ... Highly recommend this friendly place.Get the Alligator Sausage and the Crawfish Étouffée dogs when you come! 
My friends and I grabbed a few dogs to get our appetites going before a night out on Frenchmen Street. It wasn't super packed when we went since it was a random Tuesday night, so service was fast and we got our food quickly. Upstairs and downstairs technically have separate registers, so order where you plan on sitting or else the bartenders might give you a hard time like they did with us. Upstairs has a cute balcony overlooking Frenchmen Street for people watching while you eat. 
Cheap, delicious, would definitely come back as a pre-night-out snack.i don't know . . .
"they are sexist!"
"they raised their prices!"
"they moved!"
"their buns are donut-sweet!"
"they don't have a vegan dog, just a veggie burger cut in half!"
where do these yelpers come from?  marin county, ca???
its a freakin hot dog stand!
is zz top (tube-steak boogie) a sexist band?
if you want a $2 hot dog, try mc donalds, the king of cheap, processed, soulless food!
dat dog rocks; yelpers are a whiney bunch of elitist food snobs!I LOVE DAT DOG! Any kind of dog, any kind of topping! Awesome deck & location as well!Best hotdogs in the city!! You can have from german sausages to local lousiana smoked sausages.
The place is small but the decorations are innovative and really colorful. Totally recommend it.Dat Dog is fun! I really enjoyed the grilled dog I got, great grill flavor great toppings and very filling! We also ordered the White Trash Fries they were good but I think it had to many toppings. Dat Dog was pretty good! If you want some "chow down," sloppy messy, not good for you hotdog food this is the place to go!Dat Dog is amazing!  I love the overall atmosphere and the food is delicious. I'm a vegan now and really enjoy their vegan options while my husband enjoys the "regular" hot dogs. They have lots of variety and it's easy to customize exactly what you're in the mood for.They couldn't paint more New Orleans on this place if they tried... the best little hot dog stand soaked in Simon painting.  I've had the kielbasa and the bratwurst.  My goal is to try everything, but I went back to the kielbasa on my latest trip.  As a Greek and a lover of bread, I adore the buns.  Usually buns are just a blah holder for the tastiness inside, but these buns actually compete with the sausage.  I'm a fan of the onion topping - it's actually mixed diced white onions with green onions and maybe more - so much more interesting than the typical fast food onion.  I like the fries, but I wish the cheese were melted before being served.  So for me, the fries keep it at 4 stars, but truly the dogs make me happy enough that I don't need the fries. 
Communal seating - fun for striking up conversations.  I like how they added outdoor seating, though the attempt to bring my dog to Dat Dog results in way too much sniffing and eating tidbits from the ground.Want to pay $8 for a mediocre sausage?  How about $7 for an Abita?  If so, then this is the place for you.  The french fries are probably frozen, but they load it down with enough crap that you won't know the difference.
To top it all off this place is calling the cops on street musicians.  There is nothing to like about this place whatsoever.Who Dat culture in New Orleans is very similar to a religion and seeing that I was visiting Nola for the first time Dat Dog would be appropriate.  Dat Dog did not disappoint.  I really enjoyed the Duck Special & the Crawfish Special.  Even brought them to go back to NY for my boyfriend to try.  They were kind enough to separate the condiments and hot dog.  The hot dogs are very different than any other hot dogs that I've tried.  First they are not made with the traditional sausage. You can pick from a range of different type of meats and condiments. 
The Duck Special had bbq sauce, mustard, blackberry sauce and bacon. Great blend and the flavors worked well together.Just stopped in at Dat Dog for lunch, and doubt I'll end up going back. I'm actually pretty torn about giving this place three stars, since I really didn't feel that the food quality and flavor deserved more than two. However, I really liked the colorful/cute restaurant space, and the presentation of the food was pretty cool, even if the flavors didn't match up. 
I went with a group, and between us we ordered six different types of dogs, including regular hot dog, veggie dog, and different sausages. We all had different toppings, and we also ordered regular fries and the fries topped with crawfish étouffée. The main complaint for most of us at the table was the sickly sweet and way-too-big hotdog bun, followed by the fact that the fries (though given a fancy gourmet name) tasted just like the ones you get at Rally's, but more soggy. The étouffée fries were widely agreed to be the best thing at the table.
The biggest bummer for me was that the veggie dog was not actually a hot dog at all, but some sort of veggie patty that had been sliced up and layered in the bun. Since I chose my toppings to go with a fake hot dog, I was sad to find out I was actually getting something more like a veggie burger. It's a shame, since there are tons of different types of veggie dogs on the market, and I was really excited to see 'veggie dog' on the menu at a New Orleans restaurant. 
Oh, yeah - the 'homemade' ginger ale that they sell for $2.75 a glass is actually a kind of bland sugary syrup with a splash of soda water. Totally not worth the price tag. Guess my search for decent ginger drinks will just have to continue...We (wife and I) decided to try this place on Halloween night with all the craziness and crowd of people. We really did enjoy the place and the food. There is a second floor still with full service for food and alcoholic drinks. We tried the alligator dog which had good flavor and turducken dog also good and cheese fries (plenty for 2 people) and their alcoholic slushies. Our bill was under $40. What made it a 5 star place was certainly the atmostphere with the upbeat and energetic people, 80's and 90's music, and attentive waitress which was able to check on us during the busyness, food was good and filling. We made time for the 2nd floor, also a great spot to people watch and still friendly staff. (the only downer that we have is that we expected melted cheese on our fries instead we got shredded cheese.)Amazing hot dogs and great people. The duck dog is off menu but incredibly good. Service provided by Hans was stellar!Great hot dogs. Hip atmosphere. Service is worth the wait. I was eying the Crawfish dog on the menu but it sounded like a possible gimmick so I asked the cashier what she would recommend and that was at the top of the list so I figured it must be legit. The hot dogs are sausage sized and come with your choice of any number of complimentary topping. I went with onions, cheese, chili, and ketchup. All the standards were available along with some crazy options like Sour Cream and Guacamole that I appreciate them offering but I was not brave enough to try on a hot dog. My hot dog was great. I finished it really fast because it was so delicious, but it was a full meal. The cheese fries were a giant portion, enough to share for 3-4 people, so it was too much to finish all of them. They were medium sized slighly greasy good fries with grated cheddar melted on top, basic but good quality. I do think they should consider some garlic seasoning or something to add a little to the fries. Overall this was a great meal. It did take something like 20 minutes for our food to come out, we were lucky to find a table after we ordered when someone else left at that moment, and the drink selection is weak with no fountain option, but those are minor details just to make sure you have time to dine there and may want to bring a can of coke instead of paying $2 for one. I will be dining there again.You want hot dogs? There are hot dogs here.
This is generally a better atmosphere than the one on Frenchman street but if you're on Frenchman and want a hot dog, don't come back here, duh. Great selection of hot dogs but at the end of the day its just hot dogs. They really do a good job there but don't expect anything else!I don't get it! Was super excited to try the crawfish dog with crawfish étouffée. I did not enjoy it at all. Flavor was weird. Got the white trash fries which were okay. The fries themselves were good and didn't need all the toppings which weren't very good. The guac was too sour. I rarely get bad guac :/ one of my least favorite meals in NOLA.I am up here at Dat dog on Frenchmen an my wife just had the crawfish dog and I had the Alligator sausage and I must say that Linsey was the most on point bartender ever such a friendly vibe and as sweet as can be me and my wife shall  return soon real soon thanks to Bill and his staff love you guys for the hospitality  much loveFun, unique, and quick place to grab a good bite to eat. Came here with a group of friends and claimed a large table upstairs. The ordering process was a bit chaotic up there, but it all worked out. All of the workers were super upbeat and pleasant. The girl who took my order recommended the crawfish etouffee dog. I was apprehensive and worried it would be soggy and a weird mix of flavors. But no, it was delicious! The bun was soft and had a somewhat sweet flavor to it. It held the whole dog together well. The creole mustard on top was bomb too. Great pick!Don't do the "Chef's Special." They put some kind of dodgy fruit jelly on my bratwurst, when I (wrongly) assumed they would do something like mustard/kraut/diced vegetables. Sausage quality was strong, but they dressed terribly. Probably my fault for assuming back of house would appropriately prepare. Would go back, but be specific.
Update: Added stars due to managements nice, correct, and awesome response!All I can say is yes. Yes yes yes.
Cheese fries da bomb .
Alligator hot dog, amaze balls. 
Get anything and everything!Tasty dogs! Our phenomenal bartender Hans recommended the duck dog and crawfish etouffee fries...he was soooooo right!! Best hot dog I've ever had!!! I told Hans that I'm going to get him to help me with all of my life decisions from now on. I'm guessing the rest of the hot dogs are delicious too. I think I'll try the alligator dog next:) GO!Pleasantly surprised that they have chicken sausage that is awesome and vegetarian fare.  Great food, friendly staff, fab location!My love of the hot dog, like many others started from childhood.  As I've grown up, I've outgrown many things (though I still hold on to my Nintendo for dear life,) but hot dogs stay near and dear to my heart.  However, my palette has expanded considerably and with it, my need for new and exotic combinations.  Dat Dog caters to my eclecticism.
The choices are a little overwhelming at first, but stand firm in your decisions.  Aside from the age old debate of  Beef or Pork, you have a cornucopia of Sausages from around the world.  No matter if you fancy a Polish Sausage, a Guiness Stout, or a Hot Sausage all the way from the mystic land of Kennah-Brah, you will never be at a loss of choices.  And then... there are the condiments.  
Ho-lee Indecisiveness Batman!  The choices for your dog read like a shopping list for Alton Brown.  They go from the ordinary to the extraordinary.  You never thought about adding bacon to your dog did you?  How about wasabi?  Darin enough to drop some tartar sauce on it?   Whether its a Alligator Sausage dog with Hummus and Creole Mustard (self named "Lawrence of Arabi") or a Hot Bratwurst smothered under a barrage of Tex-Mex condiments (Self named "Bismark Que?") you never run out of ideas of how to dress your dog.  And for the rare moments you do, you can always call and audible and get "Chef's choice."  Then you can have a master... or whoever is working the soux line, dress your dog for you.
One cannot have a Dat Dog experience without an order of fries.  By themselves they are crispy slivers of deep-fried goodness that you will need a friend or two to polish off (Here's a tip...don't forget to get your forks!)  Paired with their army of condiments and you have a meal in a bowl.  For the skiddish first timers, I'd suggest the bacon, cheese, and ranch fries.  Gives you that taste of french fry goodness without drowning it in a sea of flavors.  
Drinks are not an afterthought here.  On top of your standard diner fair of sodas and tea, the bar serves up a bevvy of local brewed and worldy cervezas as well as a decent wine and champagne lists.  Its always a good thing to be able to get a Covington Strawberry  or a NOLA on tap.  For the kid in you, try their home brewed sodas like the Nectar, Ginger Ale or the Red Drink.
Now for all my positive notes, why did I only give them 4 stars?  One reason.  One - Cash only.  I'm a credit card fiend.  Don't like carrying cash unless absolutely necessary. True there is an ATM on premises, but I like being able to swipe, sign, and smile... and call it a day.  So make sure you hit your bank before making the trip... or get ready for an ATM fee.
It truly is a great place to get your dog on.  Take the trip... it's worth it.Friends brought me here and all I have to say is best hot dogs I have tried. And the crawfish hotdog with a Abita beer is a good combo.A bit of background info: I don't like hot dogs. Sausage is already the scrap meat (and still delicious) and hot dogs are the scraps not even good enough for sausage. So if you told me that I'd have an amazing hot dog (2 actually) and I'd pay $5 for it I would have told you that you were crazy.
I was wrong.
Dat Dog somehow turns a simple wiener into work of art. I had their Friday special, the Chicago dog (I asked them to hold the tomato). The frank itself was actually tasty. I was amazed. This was not the bargain bin hot dog I'd grown up with. The bun? Steamed and toasted sourdough. The toppings? For the Chicago dog it's spicy mustard, onions, celery salt, a pickle spear, pickled peppers, and unicorn tears. Well, maybe not that last one, but whatever was in there was magic on my tongue. Throw in a giant pile of battered fries for $3 and I was in heaven. Event though a single dog and fries is filling I couldn't help myself and went back for another. 
Now the only criticism I can give, what keeps it from being 5 stars: the price. The basic hot dogs are $5 and the fancy ones like alligator or crawfish sausage are $6. All the toppings are free and you can have as much as you want. But it's still $5 for a hot dog. Will I keep paying that much? Yup. But I wish it were less.Not sure why this place is only 3 stars, we had a fantastic meal here. The dogs were delicious and probably the best chili cheese fries ever!Multiple locations gives me pause, not really what a foodie is looking for when in Nola. But there's no question it's dogs done right. Crawfish dog is amazing. The outdoor patio is great place to have a drink and a dressed up dog.Large outdoor seating area. Large variety of options to choose from. Would recommend trying whatever they have on special that day. Someone in our party did so, and it was the most delicious thing that arrived at our table.
We brought our dogs. They were not allowed inside the actual restaurant but we could tie the up on the post in the outdoor eating area and go in to order.
The man at the register was not as friendly and happy as I had hoped but he got the order done quickly and efficiently.
They brought the food out fairly quickly - so I was satisfied. I feel it might be a bit pricey for a hotdog but they were full of flavor and worth a try. Always heard amazing things about them.Really enjoyed it! Werewolf dog and the special duck sausage dog were amazing (split both). Bartender absolutely awesome.From one to vegan to another, Dat Dog has great tasting hot dogs! I was skeptical and I actually didn't even want to try it but the Spicy Chipotle Dog was so good. Not like any other veggie dog I've ever had, which I hate. So yes, this vegan friendly option is worth it. 
This is a bar type restaurant. You order at the corner and they bring your food out within 10 minutes. I like to sit upstairs as they have a balcony overlooking Frenchmen.Love love love it!!!!! Love the location, love the decor inside, love the staff, love the music and love love love the food!!!!!!! Amazing and simply! We had the gltb dog and the blu dog and the fries with ranch cheese bacon and it was so good! I love this place!One of our tour guides recommended this place. It looked quirky from the outside and a little iffy on the inside, but oh my goodness so good. I had the crawfish etouffee dog. My husband had the bacon werewolf. Mine was better, but his was good too. We shared the WTF fries. AMAZING. I must go back before we leave.This establishment was freaking awesome! I stumbled upon it to meet Collin the bartender who very quickly served me up a old fashion that was out of this world! Caitie, the manager, welcomed my party with a great attitude and made sure that we were taken care of throughout our visit. But the best part was, of course, the hot dog! The Crawfish Etouffee dog was out of this world, and absolutely the taste of New Orleans we were looking for!I have been looking forward to eating at Dat Dawg ever since I moved to Freret. Every time I walk by, I admire the picnic-y outside eating area, perfect for hot dogs on a summer night. The fact that I am a vegetarian did not deter me at all because I used to eat at the artisan hot dog place in Austin, Texas, all the time. There you can substitute anything on the menu with a homemade veggie frank and homemade veggie chilli.
Dat Dawg offers a veggie option, but calling it a hot dog or even a veggie dog is a travesty. Not only is the "hot dog" obviously frozen, they don't even bother to go out and get tofu pups or something. It's not a frank at all but a frozen veggie BURGER patty cut up into strips and put onto a hot dog bun. And they charge $7.50 for that.
My friend's fries looked pretty good, so I might go back and just get fries at some point, but Dat Dawg turned out to be a huge disappointment.Have no idea what the food tastes like because the bartender looked at me 3 tines without addressing me. Poor service will kill a restaurant, no matter how good the food is (supposed) to be.I heard all the amazing buzz for Dat Dog on Yelp and from people in the area so I had to give Dat Dog a try. Turns out I agree with everyone's positive reviews!  They have a creative menu selection with much variety and plenty choices to choose from.  I ended up going with The Crawfish Etouffee Dog it was insanely good. If you're in New Orleans I recommend stopping by Dat Dog for a Day Dog.So I heard about this place from a co-worker, she raved about how awesome it was !! I had to try for myself.  The place is actually very small but busy!  The staff were VERY friendly and welcoming!  I have to say I loved the special hot dog bun they used... Fluffy, soft, chewy, and thick!  Not like your average bun!! So worth it! Best I have had!Took a little longer than normal to order for some reason. I sat at the bar for about 10 minutes before being asked what I would like to eat. What are the Guinness dog, it was OK. Nothing to brag aboutThis is the spot to get a drink, get some food for a decent price and sit on the balcony and listen to the street performers play their jazz music. Super chill and enjoyable.best hot dogs I've ever had! I've had Chicago hot dogs but this place has way better hot dogs. they have a huge selection and you can also customize your hot dog. wide selection of sausages. we got the alligator sausage and turducken. the hot dogs are massive!Excellent option for a vegetarian/vegan person. Delicious food and beer! 
It could be cleaner though...Great concept nicely executed. Great dogs and happy hour drinks. Cash only. Always on our list when visiting daughter at nearby Tulane University.The alligator dog is Everything!! I'm not a hotdog person, but I'm in love with Dat Dog!Had the hamburger dog and chili cheese fries... I don't know if they are amazing or I'm drunk but it's good .Ordered to go. My friend ordered a GBLT. After awhile, the cashier noticed I was still waiting. Amazing that she remembered me given how busy they were (Fri night). She checked in with the kitchen and then again when I was still waiting a bit later. I was in no hurry and glad they were cooking the chicken thoroughly. Kitchen brought me out some chili cheese fries to make my wait more enjoyable. As it came together, the kitchen asked if I wanted ketchup for my fries (Yes!).  Great customer service given that they had a line out the door and it was crazy busy.  Love this town!
Oh, and I had a Chicago dog since it's hard to find on the west coast. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Personally liked that it was grilled not steamed.Classic delicious with so many options! I nearly got the alligator sausage but went for the werewolf instead. Can't make a wrong choice. get the wired red root beer. It's awesome and you can't get it anywhere else outside of New Orleans.Finally checked this place out..it's been on my list for months now. It did not disappoint! As a veghead I was a little skeptical, but the lovely tattooed bartendress assured me I would love the applesage veggie dog. I even let her decide what went on my it. hUmmus! Pico! Creole mustard! What! Everything was delicious. Even the bun was so good. Topped off with some great pointers on what to while I was in the area and a half price happy hour beer, our bartender never steered us wrong! I will be coming back!Dat dog. I've heard so much hype about this place but really it's just a cool hang out. The atmosphere is great to just hang out and drink a casual beer. The food is nothing spectacular. The hotdog was wrapped in this thick casing and every time I went to bite Into it I had to bite really hard to get through the casing made the whole meal not worth it. And they are of pricey. 7$ for a plain hotdog. Never again.Dat Dog is a local-themed hot dog joint that offers a variety of different meats and toppings. The colorful interior is festive and fun to take in as you wait for your grub after ordering at the counter. I tend to gravitate toward their more unconventional staples like alligator, crawfish, or duck. All are well-seasoned and well-cooked. Feel free to go buck wild with the toppings since there's no additional charge. I usually go with cheese, creole mustard, grilled onions, jalapenos, and tomatoes. You can also load crawfish etouffee on top if you so please which is never a bad thing. Check it out!Yes. Yes, yes, a thousand times yes. I grew up loving hot dogs, and finding  a place that serves up unique, gourmet creations is a dream come true. The shop is small, but the food is great and pretty cheap. I had the alligator sausage, and it rocked my world. Go here. Get awesome sausage. Get awesome toppings. Repeat.Absolutely amazing hot dogs and French fries - one of my favorite places I ate at while spending a week in NoLaExcellent pricing for a fully loaded meal! If you have been out drinking all day, dat dog is a godsend. Open late and just what we needed.Watch out. They will double charge you for drinks if you're not paying attention. Double check your bill every time.This place is awesome! I've been here 4 times now and it has been amazing each time. I've had the Guinness dog, the fried cod dog, a regular dog, and a crawfish dog. They were all fantastic and the crawfish dog was incredible. I've gone with chefs choice of toppings each time and have never been disappointed. Just wish the hotdogs were a little cheaper, but it's still worth it.Great quality dogs and late nights eats. Had the beef dog with chili, cheese, onions, and ketchup and was not disappointed in the least. My friend had the crawfish ettoufe fries, which you should get if you eat here. I was also pleasantly surprised at the bun. I got my dog to go and walked back to my hotel, and was so happy when I unveiled a non-soggy dog that I was still able to pick up to eat.These dawgs are fantastic! Who knew that a hot dog can taste so goood!!!! 
I got the alligator dog and their loaded fries! This is located right on the Frenchman street and open for as long as your drunk self can remember! 
You can put as much toppings as you like! 
It's a self serve place, you order your dog and then they bring it out to you! You can sit everywhere you like, as they will call for your name and bring you your hot dog! 
Definitely a gem!Excellent hot dogs and sausages.  If you are not sure what toppings to choose, ask and the cook will dress your dog for you.  For those who don't like meat, they have veggie dogs.  I recently tried their bacon ranch french fries, they are great and remind me of a baked potato, you must try them.What else can be said? Amazing variety of dogs to choose from that are delicious. I had the buffalo and my wife and had the crawfish and both were amazing. Definitely stop by for lunch, we made a special trip out there just for this and were very satisfiedAmazing late night food. Not your typical dog, fancy fixins and YAY to veggie dogs (3 veggie varieties)!Love this place! So many options, there's something for everyone. They're open late and have a nice bar. I got the Cajun dog. Was nervous about the andouille sauce, but it was surprisingly good. The Frenchmen location has a really nice upstairs balcony. It's a nice escape from the drunks on the street. Highlight of the dining experience: jamming out to Bone Thugs n Harmony's Tha Crossroads. (Ps I was there around midnight)Ask for the off menu duck dog with blackberry reduction and bacon, with other condiments coming on it. Amazing.This is the best hotdog I have ever had in my life. That includes Fenway Park in Boston and Central Park in NYC. I got the alligator sausage and split an order of etouffee fries. Just FYI- This is a local Tulane hangout, so there are lots of college kids.  It is not a fancy place, but it is so good. So good. Good. Really good.
On a side note- my hotel was in the French quarter. While you can take the St. Charles trolley to this neighborhood, the architecture is beautiful, and it is worth the 4-5 mile hike if you want to be active. I walked and enjoyed the day looking at big old mansions.They have three different kinds of veggie dogs and a gazillion toppings. That is all you need to know if you're looking for vegetarian friendly fare. Delicious with a great balcony overlooking Frenchman St (although those power lines will kill someone eventually).Had a great experiences here. I ordered a beef dog, my friend ordered the duck dog. Both were delicious. Definitely sit upstairs on the balcony to hear the live music at night. Also, get loaded fries to share! I will definitely come back when I return to NOLA from DCMy girlfriend and I split a Bacon Werewolf and Chili Cheese Fries.  We waited for about 20 minutes and still didn't have any food so I went up to check it out.  Our food had been sitting at the edge of the cooking table for who knows how long.  The cook said "I don't know why they didn't bring it out to you but you can take it."  Our Bacon Werewolf had no bacon so that kind of sucked.  The chili cheese fries would have been decent if they were hot, but they weren't.  I would steer clear of this place.This place is the Bomb!!! Highly recommended by locals - we went there last night and found hot doggie heaven! The atmosphere is painted bright blue with other primary colors used (not what you would consider "restaurant ambiance colors" but it made it fun and interesting. The menu is one set price: you pick out what kind of hot dog meat you want ex: all beef, pork blends, alligator, etc. and then a heaping list of toppings to go on top. They have a full bar and nice employees. They do have other items on the menu : but you really only want the Dawgs! Please don't change! You are on to a good thing!Did you ever just crave a hot dog?  Well this is going to beat just about every place I have been before.  Huge selection of toppings and three vegan options to create a custom option based on your preferences.  You will need a fork to finish all of the toppings.  Would have taken a pic but ate it quickly!  Restaurant and bar can be super busy but well worth the wait.  I am still talking about how great an option they had for vegan alternatives. 
Balcony seating is also great overlooking the thriving street full of bars, restaurants and stores.Unfortunately I did not get to try one of their "infamous" hot dogs. Didn't feel very welcome walking into their establishment. We weren't offered a menu or anything. After sitting down and waiting several minutes I went up to the bartender and asked for a menu and he pointed me to where they keep them. Sat back down and noticed a young lady waiting on her food. A quick inquiry revealed she'd been waiting quite some time for her food. She got up and asked the bartender when would she receive her HOT DOG after noticing people who came in AFTER her received their food before she did. That was enough for me, we left. Doubt I'd try another location and definitely won't ever go back to that one.If you are a hot dog fan this is the place for you. Tons off dog options, too many toppings to even begin to list, and the type of staff that seems to generally love their jobs and aren't just reciting pointless corporate slogans to every person that walks in the door. I honestly don't have anything negative to say about Dat Dog other than sometimes it's hard to hear them call your name when our order is ready, but no worries, I've seen them walk around the place over and over yelling names for customers who are clearly not listening so they make sure you get your food. Did I mention they are dog friendly on the patio too? And I dont mean they tollerate your dog while you eat, I mean they will bring you pup treats, give them kisses, and just be all around cool dog people. Great place for pups, kids, hipsters, and old folks so bring your entire crew.Dat Dog is a hole in the wall, literally. Their hot dogs are excellent. Take your pick of bratworst, alligator sausage, crawfish sausage, regular pork or beef hotdogs, veggie dogs, and others. The buns are great, but there is a lot of it. Lots of great toppings. The best part though is the chili cheese fries. They are big enough to feed 4 people. Although the prices are a little steep, it is quite worth it as the amount of food you get is humongous. Don't think they should get  a liquor license as folks will sit around and drink instead of ordering, eating and leaving. There isn't enough seating for it to be a bar, too.The best thing I can say about Dat Dog is that I had the best hotdog of my life there. The worst thing I can say about it is that I farted with impunity. Lots of smells from the food and clientele camouflaged my social faux pas, but if you want eats while day drinking, do it up. The obnoxiously entities hipsters who run the bar are only a slight drag.Well Dat Dog is PRECISELY what you expect from a Hot Dog Restaurant. They serve an immensity of different "dogs" from the standard beef or pork to crawfish dogs, gator dogs, European sausages and even a turducken dog. They serve them on the beautiful steamed sourdough buns and then you have your choice of another menu of toppings.
Just know... That you will hate yourself for feeling so satisfied after you eat here. It is purely an indulgence but certainly one you will tell all your friends about. I would recommend eating here and also planning enough time to run 47 miles the next day... If you can move.If you like hot dogs and fries, it doesn't get better than this. This place has a ton of sausage options - honestly, I was lost here because I have no idea how to choose a good one - and they have a lot of options. And a lot of people waiting in line adding pressure. But the guys that own and run the place were helpful and gave suggestions, which I gladly took. My hot dog was great, and I love fries and these, are especially good.
Self-serve, very casual and very packed if you go at peak hours. Overall the food was great and a fun place to eat all around.Yet another notch in the ascension of Freret as THE NEXT BEST CORRIDOR in New Orleans: Dat Dog!
There's an unquieted deep blue shotgun home that's just been transformed into of all things a neighborhood hot dog stand.  Variety of sausages and toppings abound, cold sodas, and sheetmetaled walls make this little spot memorable, affordable, and delicious.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of a crawfish link with guacamole fresh off the grill for the low low price of under seven bucks!  The chalk board scrawled menu hanging over the register taunted me to return sooner than later, and I likely will as I work a block away.
Skip your next fast food excursion or planned pally pal lunch and saunter on over to Freret for some sauerkraut love in link form - or whatever other delightful, heart clogging goodness they may be offering.  You're sure to lap it up!.... I hate doing this because the food was good, but the service sucked for me! We rolled in on a Thursday night and I was super starving. It was the last open spot or one that was staying open late which is an advantage of this spot. I was with my 3 cousins who weren't half as hungry as me and I'm sure my angry face probably said it all. We went upstairs as there was a very long crowd downstairs and the first guy said it may be faster. Walked up to the bar to order and the girl behind the counter had a bit of a wait... But I'm pretty sure she wasn't paying attention to who was first. When she finally did come over to us, she first helped my cousin who just walked up, then asked "are you all together" we said yes and she says "ok so you don't mind who I help first"... So I got the shit end and got helped last, and we were together but all paying separate. When the food started rolling out somehow my fries came out before my hotdog, with my cousins dogs (one of which that wasn't even made right).... So she thought they were hers. By the time my dog came out I finally realized the fries that were gone now, were mine.. Bad luck maybe? Or bad serviceI had the crawfish etouffe dog.  It tasted just okay. I was disappointed because the toppings smothered any crawfish taste. It it way too expensive for the amount of food. Eight bucks for a hot dog...REALLY?? This is my first and last time eating here. I must admit, it is good drunk people food, but I would rather spend eight bucks on something else. 
The service was fine. The atmosphere was fine. They allowed people to come in and use the bathroom even if they were not a customer (which in the French Quarter is a BIG deal).
Drop the prices and I'll be back.Hands-down, I had the best hotdog of my life here!  I'm not seeing it on the menu, but it was a crawfish or shrimp etouffee dog, and it was incredible!  If you don't want to get messy, you need to leave, because this ain't the place for you.  Grab a bunch of napkins, lean over your plate, and dive into flavor, flavor, flavor! On the day we were there, they were extremely short staffed, but the food more than made up for it.  My husband laughed when I told him I wanted to go to a hotdog joint in NOLA (on our dream vacation from Seattle).  He was not disappointed.Food was really great - hotdog itself was super tasty and the bun was great. Fries were also good. Service was poor. Staff seemed uninterested in serving you and offered no real customer service. The worst part was the steady stream of workers stepping just outside the door to smoke. Smoking isn't the issue but it would be better if staff were encouraged to do so more than a metre from the door and without their cigarette smoke coming wafting back in to the restaurant. A lot of potential in this place, things could just be tightened up a bit.Good dogs, though the temptation to put everything on is just to strong for me.  Wish they had some suggestions to build on.  Though I guess this just highlights my lack of self control.Just had the best sausage sandwich ever, I took the recommendation of my server Hans, suggested the DUCK DOG special. It sounded really different but a feast. The Duck sausage was cooked to perfection firm and flavorful with incredible flavor. The recommended toppings threw me a bit. It included BBQ Sauce, Blackberry Sauce, Mustard, grilled onions, Cajun Mayo. This combination was sweet, savory, spicy and smoky. Each flavor came through complimenting the other. 
I also enjoyed the Etouffe Fries, The seasoning had just the right amount of spice and the flavor complimented the fresh crispy fries. another winning combination. 
I went in mid afternoon on a rainy Friday so it was not too crowded. Like all places in the French Quarter it could probably get busy and wild fast. 
The service was good and the food exceptional. Doesn't get any better.The location with the balcony is nice and the service was good. The cocktail with ginger was awesome. The happy hour is not really a happy hour, they have only one drink on there.Dat dog was on the list to try and thank goodness we made it! We tried the Crawfish Etouffee Dog as recommended and it was so delicious! All fresh toppings and sausage was so juicy! Make sure to stop in and try this place before you. Thank you Dat Dog.....
Let the good times rollI can easily sum this place up in one word: addicting. I'm not sure there's a better restaurant in New Orleans where the minimalist approach works so well.
The hot dogs, sausages, brats, kielbasas, etc. are all equally delicious. The toppings are out of this world. The fries are crispy and seasoned to perfection. But the best part may be the buns. The sourdough complements everything wonderfully.
No wonder they are already expanding. Above all, I think the best thing about Dat Dog is that it's consistently great.
Order anything, top it with anything. You can't go wrong.As great as I expected it to be, given all the hype I heard about it. Crawfish dog is a MUST. fries are bomb. BYO-style with like 10 diff wieners to choose from & every topping you could think of putting on a hotdog. Sad i didnt get to try their housemade sodas, maybe next time!Always a treat to eat. Unlimited variety. Fun atmoshere.Not to ruin the secret, but y'all need to experience the Duck Dog. Talk to Hans and you'll see what's up. Hans is awesome, the food/service great, and wonderful southern hospitality! 1000 thumbs up for Dat Dog.We stopped by to sample the wares on a Saturday afternoon. The line was out the door, but moved pretty quickly. When I first glanced at the menu, I felt like $5-$6 was incredibly overpriced for a single hot dog/sausage, but they're remarkably filling. I wanted to try the standard German beef weiner, so I got it topped with cheddar, ketchup and diced onions. The seeded buns are steamed then grilled and totally make the dog. Best bread I've ever had paired with a hot dog for sure. My boyfriend and I split an order of fries (HUGE) and had it topped with "andouille sauce" (essentially a carmelized onion/pepper/sausage sauce). We washed it down with cold glass bottle cokes (made with real sugar!) I was totally stuffed and can't wait to sample some of the international sausages. Another welcome addition to the revitalized Freret Street corridor.Enjoyed their food, but when I got home I couldn't find my wallet. I'm looking all over for it and tried calling 6 times to see if one has been turned in. I'm definitely within their hours of operation and no one has answered and a few times it was straight to voicemail. What type of business doesn't answer their phone?
Don't let that deter you from eating here, it's a great place for food, you just can't call for any type of information.Damn, best dog I ever had hands down!  Crawfish was it, perfect location on the balcony.  I wish they had this in CaliforniaI have been to Dat Dog many times since I wrote my last review...too many, probably! So I decided to change my rating to 5 stars for Dat Dog's consistently awesome food, service, and atmosphere. It's one of my go-to places when I have out-of-town visitors, and they always give it rave reviews too!This place is NOM. And affordable, and tons of interesting unique toppings, and veggie friendly!Love this place.  Every style of dog I've tried is great.  Delicious Andouille Sauce!  Hint:  to avoid the long lunch hour crowd, phone in your order, and you can simply walk up to the counter and pay.  They even "expedite" the preparation of to-go orders (it says so on the receipt!)
A big screen television outside would be a plus to add to their great casual patio and would get them a 5-Star rating, but other than that, I am not complaining!Over rated.  I got the Slovenia dog and white trash fries (even tho im classy af). 
What I enjoyed? The ambiance. The grilled buns. Pretty presentation of said dogs.
What I enjoyed the most? Had nothing to do with the establishment.  The weather was perfection and my company. 
My boyfriend got the Sea dog. It was pretty good until we noticed a white hair. Upon closer investigation, we saw a gentleman working behind counter with (yup,  u guessed it!), long white hair in a ponytail. 
We bought two dogs and two fries - $32 bucks. I would rather have spent that money on a gas station dog and saved myself 30 bucks. I have no issues spending money on food,  but not worth it to me. I would go back for one more chance. Not really for the dogs. The beer and to beat my boyfriend's ass in ping pong.I'm from out of town and visited Dat Dog with some locals for dinner and Tuesday night trivia this week, and we had a great time -- I'd definitely go back.
Food is good, and there are options if you don't like hot dogs! I got the blue cheese burger, which comes in the shape of a hot dog and was really delicious. Fries are good and they have a solid selection of beer. It's not too expensive, and there are lots of options, so this is a good place to come with a group if you're looking for a casual meal.
I'd definitely recommend the Tuesday trivia, which starts at 7:30pm and lasts a couple of hours. The trivia questions are varied (and hard!), and it gets crowded but not overwhelmingly so.
Lots of outdoor seating and picnic table style seating. Bathrooms are fine but kinda dirty. Great location right on Freret!All dogs are good! Fun, laid-back atmosphere, nice staff and good beer and prices... what more could you want?Service is excellent. Dogs are authentic and delicious... Please visit this establishment!!! True southern hospitality! Adrian and Emma Rose were the best hostess/waiter ever!!!Holy fucking hot dog!!! This place is soooooo good. If you think to yourself, "I don't like hot dogs", it's probably because you're used to eating the Bar S hot dogs that turn the water pink. You know what I'm talking about!! The cheap ones you've had most of your life.  Erase those memories out of your head my friend. This place brings hot dogs to a new level.  I'm a big fan of the German pork dog. You can get it topped with just about anything at no extra cost. But wait there's more!!! They also serve different types of sausages. Try the Slovakian sausage or the crawfish sausage. You will not be disappointed and if you are, then you're probably from the Midwest where most think salt and pepper is too much seasoning!!!White trash fryz and Chicago Cubs themed night! How did you know, Dat Dog?The hotdogs and the fries here aren't bad.  In fact, the food is pretty decent for fast food.  The prices though are ridiculous.  I moved here from Chicago and before that New York, so I know a little about hotdogs, and there is no reason that these hotdogs should be $9 or $10 each.  It cost nearly $50 for 3 of us for lunch- dog each, shared  fries and 3 soft drinks.  As if the mark-ups weren't enough, the place doesn't take credits cards.  Really.  With prices like these for HOT DOGS, they could easily afford to sacrifice the couple of percent for customer convenience.Dat Dog was hands down the best meal I ate in New Orleans - and I didn't even have a "hot dog"!  
I ordered the Sea Dog (fried cod on a bun) with a side of andouille fries. The portions were huge as the basket of fries could easily be shared between 2-3 people. The cod was lightly battered and crispy, and came fully dressed with the "chef's choice" of toppings.  With such an extensive menu and the wide variety of sausages and dogs to choose from (if you can name a meat, they have it), one could easily suspect a trade off in quality, but that is not the case here.Fantastic!!! So much flavor in every bite! We had the gator sausage with etoufee and it's easiest the best 'dog' I've ever had! The atmosphere is lively and fun, would defiantly recommend!Ordered the jalapeño chicken dog and it was no Bueno. Needed something more. Come early because there are some drunks lurking around the corner. If you're coming here for something new and good come, just don't get my sandwich.This is the best hot dog place in Louisiana! The menu takes a funky yet delectable twist on the traditional hotdog, and goes above and beyond with it. This is a great place to go if you're visiting in the New Orleans area.Great new hot dog concept that has been a real hit on the Freret St food scene. This spot is a cool place to grab a beer and one of their many signature hot dogs or sausages. Lots of fun toppings to adorn your dog and don't forget the fries. The fries are large and come with many different toppings as well. Great place for kids and lots of outdoor seating. They've opened 2 new locations in the last year!!!I come by my hot dog cravings honestly. My grandmother loves hotdogs as do i. Dat Dog satiates that craving with five stars! Love the atmosphere. very casual. Great product and you don't have to worry about mismatched number of wieners to bun ratio if you were to make your own. Great toppings. Great selection of wiener meat!!!We decided to try this place for a quick dinner last Saturday.  Upon walking in we were greeting by several of the staff.  The place has that new orleansy charm that I love.  We looked over the menu which was very clear and easy too read. I decided on the polish sausage with andouille sauce. We waited for about five minutes to get our order which they brought outside to us.  The dog was HUGE and delicious!  I ate about half and I was stuffed for the rest of the night. I look forward to going back and trying something a little more adventurous!Ruff on your wallet, wait takes furever, food is worth humping strangers' legs for. So conflicted.Bomb food , super sweet waitress ! 
Try the Crawfish Dog with chef's choice for toppings it is so good !!Oh my!  Best kept secret in New Orleans. The bartender JASMIN is absolutely amazing. We were somewhat discouraged with the New Orleans experience but Jasmine saved the day. I've travelled to Las Vegas,  Miami, and abroad but this is wonderful. Jasmine is so personable attentive and professional that when I come back this is my first stop. Please Please Please try this location, guarantees to impress.Look out because DatDog is takin over. Always nice to see a local biz rising. If there were ever an American staple that needed a bit of bionic reconstruction, these guys have found it. They are on to something... ultra-serious about hotdogs. A bit like Giro Dreams of Sushi, but for franks. They make it look easy, standing there in their overalls and underpants, but I am sure it has been hard work for them. 
Plus, they are on the march. I see them every now and then with a stand in the Marigny (yes, on my way out of the bars, and hungry for a quick bite...how can you resist?), and they have a shop opening up on Magazine from what I hear. The hotdogs ain't cheap, but you get what you pay for because all ingredients and preparation are held to a high standard. Do you want a second rate weenie?Amazing dogs! Forget Chicago style hot dog. Try these gourmet dogs with fantastic fixings. We had duck dog, and alligator dog and even crawfish dog and had absolutely no regrets. 
I would've given 5 stars with pleasure for the food because it really earned it, however the bathroom is disgusting. 
It is just plain wrong to serve food and grow biological weapon from raw sewage in your bathroom in the same joint. -1 penalty star for unsanitary conditions.I mean, holy sh*t. Yum. I had been told by a few Uber drivers to try this place. I walked down to the cool part of the French quarter, entered the location at the Marigny and parked myself at the bar. I asked the bartender which two dogs are the best and without hesitation he rattles off two dogs with additions that will make them even yummier. The first was a duck dog. The other was just sausage. There were about six to eight toppings on each. Oh my. I was in hog heaven.  This was my favorite meal on this trip, even over fancier fare. This is definitely on my bucket list the next time I'm in town.Good dogs. Iffy buns. Too F-ing expensive. 
I love dogs. Lived all over the world. No dog should be this expensive. Seriously. 
I understand the cost of getting good tube-steaks, sausages, dogs...but honestly, re-evaluate your pricing. Because while I liked it and your toppings are ok...do NOT think you will retain customers if even ONE decent dog place opens up that's more like normal prices. Even your great reviewers know that.
You are doing good...but get your pricing fixed and you can be great.Dat Dog's offerings of different hot dogs, sausages and kielbasas are very interesting, and their service is great, and the decor is very bright and colorful. The option of outside or inside seating is nice as well. What I don't like about their business model is that they are cash only, which I never like because it limits my options as a customer (always, I'm pretty sure it's a tax evasion practice; if I'm getting nicked, you should get nicked).I had the Fieldroast vegan smoked Apple sausage dog with mustard,ketchup, and pickle relish. It was amazing. The bun was amazing. Best dog I have ever had.Their hot dogs are decent but they run more on reputation from the past than current success. Took 15 minutes to get a nearly plain hotdog with two extras and they got that wrong. The order took that long despite the place being empty. Nope.Waaaah. I hate to do this, but I have to update my review. This past Saturday I went to Dat Dog for the 4th time in less than a month. We love this place, and were so looking forward to those fabulous dogs and a cold Covington. I mentioned before how much we enjoyed the music. Well, on Saturday, the music was unvelievably loud. I politely asked to speak to the owner, but was told he wasn't there. Eating outside in the horrific heat was out of the question. Now, I love music, and go to many live shows, so I do not demand quiet, or anything like Muzak. We were sitting at the booth closest to the door, and the three of us truly could not hear each other when speaking. My partner's mom got a headache, and we ended up leaving, our dogs uneaten, and our drinks, well, far from empty. I realize your atmosphere is supposed to be young, hip and fun, but the loudness was ridiculous and made us really, really sad. I wanted that dog. :(I got the brat with sauerkraut, jalapeno, onions and mustard.  Because I eat most meals like a wolf that just escaped from a well -- I devoured it in two minutes flat before my friends were halfway done.  Even so, it was especially delicious.  Quality ingredients really elevate this dog above all others.  They don't skimp on the buns either, which are fresh-baked, fluffy and slightly sweet.  Tons of toppings to choose from.  Next time I'm going to put the wasabi sauce on something.  They only take cash but there's an ATM right inside.Great selection of hot dogs. They also serve alcohol and have outside seating. I nice hang out spot.Dat Dog will definitely be on the must-go list for all my future NOLA visits! I had the crawfish etouffee dog. I haven't stopped thinking about it since! The sausage was fantastic and I've never had a better hot dog bun. Can't wait to go back!What's not to like about this place?!  Moving across the street was the smartest thing these guys could do.  It's a true testament when you open a food establishment which is all of a few hundred square feet (if that) making up both seating & kitchen, and there's consistently a line.  No one cared that everyone is dripping in sweat bc they want... no... need that hot dog!!  You're doing something right.  
Now there's plenty of seating for everyone!  The tables, chairs and umbrellas are all bright fun, cheerful colors.  The space has caught up to the food.  
On the evening I went they had a "German" band playing.  Which is in keeping with the food and atmosphere.  Children were dancing about.  People were clapping in time with the beat of the music.  It was a blast!!!
Oh ya!  The hot dogs!!  They are a work of art.  Order what turns you on.  You can't go wrong.  It's so simple but works so well.This is the best hotdog I've ever tasted!  This place is great.  There are many selections of different meats and toppings, but for my first try I thought I would stick with the traditional.
I got just a basic hotdog, chili, cheese and onions.  It was great.  The bread was steamed and then toasted.  The chili had a wonderful flavor.  The hotdog was delicious on its own, but the chili, cheese and onions complimented it perfectly.  Next time, I think I will be a little adventurous and try a different type of sausage and different toppings.  
The service was friendly and helpful.  They made it so I wanted to go back.  
It was a very good experience.  I would recommend "dat" place to anyone "dat" enjoys a great hotdog!DELISH variety of hot dogs and sausage on a yummy roll.  Fun place for all ages.  Cash only.  The bacon cheddar fries are yummy too.They have great dogs and sausages with some pretty impressive toppings including guacamole. I was biking by and didn't see it on Yelp so I figured I would check it out. The whole place appears to be painted by Simon and has that folkish feel to it. I dig it! All they need to do is add a fountain soda machine (instead of cans) and a bike rack and it is good to go in my book.If you are a college student at Loyola and Tulane it is a simple walk. Don't pay the $6 or $7 for an uber; plus you can work off your meal by walking. It is a really cool and chill place to eat. You can sit outside and catch some rays. Also there is a shaded area outside. In the issue is a bar with a nice selection of drinks and multiple flat screens tv. I ate the duck sausage and it was amazing. It has mustard, bacon and blackberry jam. The jam and sausage balance each other out, so it is neither too sweet or too salty. It was one of the best hot dogs ever 10 out of 10 recommend.Don't do the "Chef's Special." They put some kind of dodgy fruit jelly on my bratwurst, when I (wrongly) assumed they would do something like mustard/kraut/diced vegetables. Sausage quality was strong, but they dressed terribly. Probably my fault for assuming back of house would appropriately prepare.Hadn't been here for a few years and went back last week for Trivia night and the new rennovation is amazing!  The new outside seating area is so much fun.  The choices of beer (and surprisingly wine) was very extensive.  Trivia on Tuesdays, highly recommended!My first Dat Dog experience was surely one to remember. I arrived, somewhat late in the evening, with my four college-aged friends for a quick dog out on the city. Per recommendation of the ever-so lovely cashier/hostess, I ordered the Duck dog, topped with just about everything you could imagine. It blew my mind! We also shared a few orders of both the Bacon, ranch, and cheddar fries as well as the étouffée fries. What a pleasant experience! Thanks, Dog! ;-)I don't always eat hotdogs, but when I do, I go to Dat Dog...
Relaxed atmosphere, good selection of beers (and some wine) with a large selection of different sausages ( including vegetarian), and toppings at a reasonable NOLA prices.Not impressed. Don't get caught up in the hype. Hot dogs were small. Slovenia sausage was almost flavorless.First time going here and the owner was delighted to help us with our selection from the menu!  Got the Polish Kielbasa and the Crawfish Sausage.  Both were delicious, but I think I am a fan of the Crawfish Sausage....wasn't expecting it to be sooo goood! It had both crawfish and pork mixed in and the crawfish flavor was subtle and not overwhelming at all. Menu can be a bit pricey, but the quality of the dogs makes it worth it.  Also, the fries are good. I'd have to knock it down to 4 stars because the prices are ridiculously high.The name itself makes me want to check it out. Truly New Orleans. One bratwurst hot dog was enough to fill me up and then some. It's a tiny little hole in the wall place but it has enough charm to fill a place the size of Galatoires.  Definitely a fan and will DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!!I love Dat Dog's food. Their ambience? Perfect dirty hipster chic. Prices? Fair. However, I've had a lot of bad experiences at this particular Dat Dog. Tonight, they lost my partners order. 
After waiting half an hour after everyone else was served, she asked about her order. They gave her the very nebulous answer "We'll check." After another 15 minutes of waiting with no response, one of the other people at the table asked about her order again. They unapologetically said they lost it and had to make it right then, after far too long waiting.
We won't be coming again.Pretty good! We enjoyed Dat Dog before a NOLA Social Ride last week. The food was good and the employees were friendly and efficient. I'd do it again.the tastiest hot dog to ever touch your lips!
love this place! you can be as creative as you want with your hot dogs because of the different types of meats and toppings.OMG! I love Chicago hot dogs and I expected similar fare here! Was I ever disappointed! I've heard many good things about this place, so I took my 19 year son for a quick bite this past Sunday afternoon. $26 bucks for 1 hot dog, 1 smoked sausage, 2 fountain drinks, and 1 order of chili cheese fries! I felt robbed! The buns weren't even steamed and there wasn't anything special about the hot dog/smoked sausage or the toppings! Waited in line for 20 minutes, no A/C, and the flies were landing on the food! Awful! Awful! Awful!!TEACHERS OF NEW ORLEANS:
You are the WORST bar patrons I have *ever* had the displeasure of sharing a bar with. If you ever questioned why the New Orleans education suffers so greatly, all one would have to do is witness the BALLS OUT SHITSHOW that unfolded before Chef Boyfriend and I as we attempted to enjoy our dogs tonight.
First of all: if you have a free drink ticket, GREAT! But that's not an excuse not to FUCKING TIP YOUR BARTENDER. Seriously. What the hell?! You're being served whether your drink is free or not.
Tip. Why do you think the bartender hates you??
Second: STOP FUCKING SHOUTING. You didn't book out the bar and it isn't a private party. Some people are trying to eat some dinner and, oh, I don't know, talk to each other!? So, please, next time you're in public, en mass, try to maintain low tones. You all behaved downright *shamefully*. SHAMEFULLY.
Last, but not least: the food here is downright solid. Pick a sausage, dress it up, and consume with reckless abandon. Half price beers and wells during happy hour makes this place pretty fantastic... As long as the "educators" of New Orleans are nowhere to be found.Its a hot dog joint that sells hot dogs but they have some mighty fancy hot dogs here.  I'm not the biggest fan of hot dogs but I've eaten here a few times and I actually think the fries are better than the dogs.  They moved to a much larger location with a large patio with lots of picnic table seating.  It is a bit pricy for a hot dog joint and they only take cash which is always a hassle but if you want a hot dog have at it here.  I've also sampled their veggie dog and it just consisted of a vegetarian hamburger patty sliced in half and put on the bun and yes it tasted terrible.  At least they have beer...
I really like the patio and the beer but I'm just not a fan of the food and find it overpriced for just a hot dog.Best hot dog/sausage joint around. period. I have tried every type of sausage and combo they have and I never been less than less than one big smiley face.
I cant rate the staff because I have had almost zero interaction with them, because I get super scrumptious hot dogs that I eat with my hands and I dont need assistance; I scarf it down then take my full belly to the street, man.Omg had the best time here. Staff was amazing, dogs were insane. GEORGE WE LOVE YOU.  Beer selection good and George was knowledgeable . And in George we trust. Go hawks!SO good.  Ordered the Alligator Sausage with the Chef's Special (they pick the toppings) and LOVED it.  My friends always get the Chef's Special and it always seems to turn out well.  They loaded mine up with a ton of stuff, so it was a real challenge to eat without making a huge mess, but it was so worth it.  
Toppings I could identify: onions, crawfish etoufee, creole mustard, scallions, jalepenos.  There was a lot more though.  Very saucy.  Wish this was here when I lived in the area!Great service. Great meats. Amazing bread! Top ratings for anyone looking to get a hot dog or sausage. They put it between a bun and dress it with style!
I had a Louisiana Hot Sausage with sour kraut, onion, and mustard on a steamed then grilled sour dough bun.  It was amazing.  Everything I could have wanted it to be and more.  Go here.  And bring me with you :)A hot dog place that is known for being one of the tastiest restaurants in NOLA? Yeah right! Boy was I wrong!
This place was simply exceptional. My wife had the crawfish sausage dog, and she thought it was delicious (mind you she doesn't like hot dogs). I had the alligator sausage, and it was heavenly. I don't have adjectives that describe this food well enough, so I'll stop.
Warning! Cash only.While I was impressed at the MANY different types of meat they had for hot dogs, I was not happy with the fact that they only options on their menu were hot dogs and fries. I loved the brat dog, it was better than the brat at the Deutsches Haus. The chili was very good and so was the buns. They seemed a bit pricey for what we ordered, three dogs, chili cheese fries and 2 drinks $29. I would like to go back though to try their other dogs. Very interested in the turduckin dog and crawfish dog.This little hot dog joint has quickly become one of my favorite eateries in the city.  The place is very small and doesn't have very many places to sit (just a few inside and out) which can be a little annoying when they are busy, but trust me it is well, well worth it! 
So the menu consists of many different kinds of authentic, specialty wieners and sausages from Germany and surrounding local areas here in Louisiana, but what I love the most about this place are the options, dear lord there are so many delicious combinations it blows my mind. "I'll get the German beef dog with mustard, ketchup, and sauerkraut, no wait, the Bratwurst with cheddar, onion, tomato and chili, no, the Alligator with wasabi and..." crazy.  
Lately I have been hooked on the hot sausage (from Harahan as the menu states). It's good and spicy, you know the make your nose run just a little when your finished kind of spicy, and packed with so much flavor. I'll tell them to burn it a little because I love to mutilate my dogs a bit so they are nice and crispy and the juices are good and caramelized on the outside (literally drooling as a write that). I've been getting it topped with fresh diced tomatoes, onions, and this andouille sauce, which is this delicious andouille chunk ridden gravy that I am now viciously addicted to.  The real piece de resistance is the perfectly fresh and toasted sourdough bun, mmmmm sort of sweet. 
I really love the food at this place. They definitely found a real niche here in New Orleans, a juicy, delicious, meat tube filled niche and I love them for it.So delish!! The crawfish sausage was simply divoon!! I love the andouille sauce and their buns are so tasty.  They're steamed and grilled for excellent texture.  With a Barg's the combo is just fantastic. Atmosphere is cool too.  Corrugated metal, and the servers all have some version of a Hawaiian shirt on.  Writing about this place makes me crave it!!I am not a dog expert.
But I thought certain dogs would be bigger than others.  Kielbasa and bratwurst...aren't they normally quite long dogs?  
Thought these would be large dogs.  They're small dogs.  The same size as all the other dogs.
I liked it.  My advice...order two dogs.  One just isn't enough.  But when is one of anything enough?Our second trip to Dat Dog.  I like a good hot dog.  This hot dog just ok. I ordered a regular dog with grilled onions.  If I am going to pay 8 or 9 bucks for a dog with grilled onions I want that dog smothered in grilled onions.  Same with the dog with etouffe. If you wanna get 10 bucks for a dog then make it a great dog. This is a good concept and it may work, but I am done.  My wife and I and our 4 year old granddaughter and the check (with 20% ; the service was good) was 52 bucks. That include one beer, one root beer and one orange soda; no fries or any extra's.  If it was great, 50 bucks for a hot dog in New Orleans flies.  This was not great.  Speaking of flies..........Best $9.81 you'll spend on fries and a brat. Makes you feel like a spoiled kid on a sunny summer day.
The German Bratwurst is delicious.  
Don't go at lunch time on the weekends unless you want to wait 20+ minutes (and that's on the low side). Wait until around 2 PM to skip the lines, or go early (11-ish)Went last night for the first time.  Got the secret hot braut (not on the menu)...Thanks guys for letting me know about it - it was DEELICIOUS!  The toasted bun was a really nice touch, and I thought the chili was great too...might get a dog next time minus the chili just to enjoy the great sausage flavor!   We also ordered the cheese fries - it's a big order...so come hungry!
The guys who work here are really nice...enjoyed the experience.  So happy to see so much good stuff happenin' on Freret Street.If I want you want a hot dog, try Dat Dog. Every type of hot dog to satisfy your taste buds. They're cheap and in a nice spot uptown. The workers also have fun personalities if that's your kind of thing. I recommend the alligator and crawfish sausage.This is not your typical hot dog. I would summarize it as a high end sausage with lots of choices. Alligator dog, crawfish dog, fish dog, beef dog, and so many more!!Dat Dog, oh how we love you. My only complaint is that one hot dog is too big for a little lady to eat. Can't we get some baby weiners or something?I really liked my hot dog and I got the WTF fries which were pretty good. The only problem was with service. They gave my my hotdog cold, and they were pretty unapologetic about it. The food took forever to get ready.Authentic and fun. Great place for families and a light-hearted date. Brilliant area to eat outside but also a bit inside in the event of bad or chilly weather. Bright primary colors. Alligator, duck, and crawfish sausage options. Imported German, Polish, and Slovenian sausages. Mix-and-match or choose from their past favorites on their menu's alternate side. Super fun and lighthearted location with solid beer selection.This place is tiny and when I walked in the music was BLARING. Luckily they are opening a much larger place across the street and even though it is officially not open yet we were able to sit there. The hot dogs were good, the fries just okay. Very family friendly. Definitely would go again, but would not necessarily go out of my way.Service rocks, and you have to try the Guinness dog and the chef's special toppings. Also their cheese fries or fully loaded make sure you're full when you leaveTHIS FOOOD IS AMAZEBALLS!!!
PROS: the food was amazing.  We came down for the weekend and ate here twice! i know i'm ashamed.  It was soo good though, we had no other choice.  The fries were amazing as well.  No complaints whatsoever on this place in regards to portion size and taste of the food.  you will not be disappointed 
CONS:  Very expensive for a hot dog and fries.  We didn't mind paying it because we were in town for the weekend.  It's cash only and the ATM's charge you a pretty high fee to get cash.  I mean even the cabs in New Orleans take credit or debit.The sea dog was amazing!! The bacon, cheddar, ranch fries were good too. Not the best I had while in Nola but still good.Really good! We went to check it out on a weekday by default because the other restaurant we wanted was closed, but what a happy second choice it was. I definitely plan to go back and try some of the other options though. I got a Guinness Dog (the flavor was good but didn't hit the spot quite right) and chef choice and ended up really liking my toppings since I nixed the mayo/hummus options. My friend did not turn down any toppings and ended up with one of the most disgusting combos ever...it had mayo and some kind of blueberry preserves on top. YUCK! She actually didn't even eat it at all. I gave her half of mine. So be VERY specific about any toppings you do not want on your dog. 
The loaded fries were huge...no wonder they cost $5. Definitely share an order of fries with someone. I really liked the patio with all the multicolored umbrellas it is a very chill atmosphere. Nice staff. Will be back soon with the hubs! 
I heard a rumor that they have a gluten free bun is that true?The buns are vegan. 
I originally posted a poor review bc I there was a long standing rumor that the buns are not vegan. Management assured me that they do offer a fully vegan item. I am glad that she reached out to me.So good.  Located in an old gas station on Freret St.  I love that you can just order a dog and let them pick the mix of condiments for you.  There are so many choices it gets a bit overwhelming.  The bread is amazing.  Can get extremely crowded for lunch.  Lot's of outdoor seating.It's a hot dog. It shouldn't cost $5. If they had something for $4.50, I'd be there all the time. But at $5-6 minimum I feel like I'm getting ripped off. It's just a hot dog.I had the smoked sausage dog, which was pretty good - good size too.  Nice bun (next time I'll ask for it toasted) and decent toppings, though I wish they were more generous with them.  Friendly service. 
I love sausage and always appreciate variety and a good hot dog.  I have to agree with another reviewer though and think that $6 is pricey when you consider it's NOLA, Freret Street, not much overhead for seating and service, etc.  For comparison, in New York City (which has a much higher cost of living), you can get a good, even 'fancy', hot dog with all the fixings for a lot less.  Food is expensive here and I wouldn't mind paying New York prices if I still made my New York salary!  I know I would definitely eat out more if prices reflected the salaries and cost of living here.  I can only hope that restaurants decide to make their money with lower prices and volume versus higher prices.  Okay, that's my soapbox issue for today.Andouille sausage dog with creole mustard, crawfish etouffe and onions.  Pretty good.  Cheese fries with bacon.  Disappointing.  You have no idea how difficult it is to be disappointing when something has bacon on it.  I'm a huge cheese fry fan and it just wasn't that great.  The dog was something special tho, and the beer on tap and in bottle selection was nice.  The ambiance of outdoor seating was very nice also.  I'll try again with a different dog next time, but will skip the fries.Good hot dogs most workers are musty!!! Most of the time food is fresh. Work need to wear deodorant & clean fingernails!!