I really had a wonderful experience at the Nashville location, and we found out that New Orleans had one now and should go to it. Last night we got there kinda late around 10pm. Sat there for 10min and not one person greeted us. Went to the bar to see about service and she informed that the kitchen was behind on completing orders. 
I had to apologize to my friends that we may not get any food after driving three hours down to enjoy the weekend. We did end up leaving the restaurant after 25 min wait for no service or an apology. 
I have to say this not what I expected from a big known place for adults to have fun along with kids also. Please do something about this. I hope this is not a reflection of how others could become.To long of an unnecessary wait, especially when all your tables and areas are not filled.Eh. As others were saying, the design is pretty bad. It took an hour to get out of the parking garage. Elevators take forever, so we took the stairs, just to be greeted by a locked door.
I'm sure there are varying opinions on this, but I'm in the boat with the people saying I thought D&B was Chuck E Cheese for adults. Little kids everywhere. I don't mind gaming with teenagers, but there were probably 100 toddlers in this place. There's people with strollers taking their infants. People, please go to Chuck E Cheese.
I guess there's an any-age policy at the whole chain, it's just not what I was expecting. If anything, they should make it adults-only (or at least 13+) on weekdays and maybe open it up to all on weekends. I know that banning kids would cut into their customer base, but this makes older people not want to go, so pick your poison. I thought adults were the target market but that's not even close to the truth.
As far as the games, I didn't see anything for more than two players. I don't know how arcade games have evolved in the past 20 years, but way back in the day you could play some with four. 
The best I saw was a downhill ski racing game, where you stand on it and steer with your feet. Cold air in your face for added effect. 
The Walking Dead game was pretty cool. Kind of weird to have a crossbow that you reload instantly with 8 shots at a time. ....but I guess they're not going for realism in a zombie game. It's just a license for marketing, it's a generic zombie game. No show or comic characters. I don't care either way, it's not a bad game.
There's a racing game that takes a picture of your face before the race, and is connected to other machines at other locations. My friend and I were in tears laughing at this, since we would pick out a victim at the start of the race and try to ruin their day by running them off the road and making sure they lose. We just picked whoever looked most likely to cry.
There are plenty of bad games to make up for the good ones, but overall I actually had fun. Not sure if I'll be returning unless I find time to go when school is in session. However, I guess that wouldn't stop two year-olds from being there.horrible food! waited for my nachos that took forever!!!! when they came they were freezing cold even the chips highly disappointed wish i could've given them  no stars they do not deserve any of my starsIt was pretty crowded when we went but it was before an LSU game in the dome. The wait was about 45 min and even then, it took us a while to get food. The food was decent for sports bar type stuff, but they really need to up their draft beer game. I've been to other D&B's that had better local brews to choose from. Since I don't consider Blue Moon or Stella to be craft beer I was pretty disappointed, I believe I had a Lagunitas but there's too many awesome Nola breweries to be serving that stuff!I loved it here! But I also went on a Tuesday so it wasn't busy and my food was quick and great!Loud. Crowded. Dirty. Bad Service. Extra charges were given to us. Wouldn't go again, but the games were fun except for when they wouldn't work and stole credits off of our cards.Fun games. Kid friendly but if u want happy friendly staff u r not going to get it. "Ma'am go around the other side of the wall" even though it ended up at the same place. Just puddle doff and angry. Not fun and vibrant as the games and atmosphere try to vibe.  This should be Disneyland by the game vibe but wait staff hate they work hereSeriously don't waste your time. We have a group of 18 and have been waiting for 1 hour and 33 min. And the place is only 75% fullThis place has the worst dining experience. Dining in has been the worst experience ive had. My husband and I came in, was seated immediately but waited nearly 30 minutes to be greeted by our waitress, which was after we flagged down a hostess for one. Once she came, we decided to order drinks, apps and dinner all at once due to the long wait time just for introductions. Well an hour later, we still hadnt received drinks or any of our food. Once our drinks arrived (FINALLY), so did our dinner (minus the appetizer ). The waitress said that our apps were given to another table and they had already started eating it. I honestly received better service at the bar while waiting for my table. I completely urge you to come here after you've eaten someplace else. Games are fun. Wish the gaming area was bigger but no complaints there. But def dont dine here. Take my word. U WILL be disappointed.This place is horrendous at best. I thought that this place was for adults but yet I felt like I walked into a daycare. The whole place smelled like a port-a-potty. Had to use the bathroom real bad so did so before I left and went somewhere else and the bathroom smelled better than the establishment. Trust me don't waste your time with this place.This is the WORST D&B I have ever visited. The restaurant was filthy, with napkins, food and other trash all over the floor. The food was cold. The waitress ignored us while she cleaned liquor bottles for 10 minutes and we had to ask for assistance. When we asked for the manager, he was rude and dismissive. Don't waste your time!Waited 20 minutes at the bar just to get a drink and gave up and left. The place was a mad house and clearly don't have their stuff together.  Curious to see if this place makes it because they have serious management issues.This place really sucks to be honest. Been here ten minutes got cursed out twice didn't even get a drink order.Terry is the real MVP.  Me and a couple friends came in, searching for our friend (girl was a little drunk.) After failing to find her, Terry asked what she looked like and said he'd keep an eye out. After about 10 minutes of trying to call this chick, she answers her phone (or Terry does?) either way, point of the story is Terry brought us our drunk friend back to us safely. Something that is definitely not in his job description. Give this guy a gold star and a raise.What can I say.... I paid 10$ to park then waited over 20 minutes for a server. Finally after flagging down two waitresses I got the managers attention and was informed it was shift change and a waitress would be over shortly. Needless to say I left. I can't imagine the service would get any better as the meal went on. The manager refused to refund my parking and offered nothing other than a pitiful explanation that it was shift change.I would give less than one star if I could. To start all the tables were dirty. Even the ones ready to be sat were disgusting.
Next, The service was terrible from the bar to actually sitting at a table. They server never checked on us and took forever to come to the table to take our order. Everyone there was rude, if you smiled at any of the workers they would just look away
Then, the food. It took 35 min for a meal that was probably prepared in the microwave. They weren't busy either. The pictures were deceiving on he menu and my food was gross. 
I got the prim rib n mac sandwichSLOW EST BARTENDER EVER. Took 15 plus minutes each time, all night, at half capacity bar. HorribleI used to go there when I was living in the East coast, so when I heard about a new one being opened in New Orleans, I just can't wait to check it out. My husband and I went there on  a Sunday so it was quite crowded but all the games are so new and we had tons of fun just getting few drinks and playing some old fashion arcade machines! I didn't try their food but it seems like they have large variety of dishes based on the menu. The price is not bad either. We spent $40 for 250 credits and there is a reward special when you join the first time.  Also, there is a $10 parking special as well and I don't think the parking special will last forever, so take advantage of it while you can!  
The only thing that I had a problem with is the attitudes that the bartenders had. They seemed to me that they didn't wanna be there and it was too much troubles to take our orders.
Overall, I still enjoyed a lot during my first time visit of this location and I am looking forward to go again!OMG. I finally gave it a try and what a waste of my time! Me and my significant other decided to give ourselves a break from looking at houses for hours. We came here found a table and nothing else was accomplished except I did get my sweet tea. It was downhill from there. We got there at 3 and we left at 3:52. We never got our drinks we ordered with my sweet tea. All the manager could say was the bar is backed up I'm sorry. We never got our apps or any other food. Only the sweet tea in 45 mins. No drinks we ordered or anything else. Our server walked around like she wasn't bothered and didn't have a care in the world. Just taking a stroll around the area and had such a calm passive attitude about how long it was taking. Horrible first experience. Won't be going back even with the kids.Awesome service and food was great. My toddler and husband had a ball. I know others that don't like it but we love it. A bit pricey but it's located in the CBD so what you expect. Great experienceWould give a negative star if I could. Haven't had a good bar experience in about 4 attempts. Slow is an understatement. If they have more than 1 bartender working that's a good night. They should train all of the staff to at least pour a beer. Last but certainly not least... the entire building smells like a toilet. It's like they are trying their hardest to fail. From the day they opened its been terrible.Omg this was THE WORST EXPERIENCE. After waiting 2 HOURS, 1/2 of our food never came out and what did come out was cold,soggy and disgusting. The guacamole on my friends nachos was BROWN.The service was horrible. We waiting on a table forever luckily the waitress came over and cleaned one for us.(due to the large group we needed a big table) The kitchen staff trying to rush out messing up everyone food. The silverware was so dirty. It wasn't as packed today thank god. They really need to step it up with the kitchen staff. And yes it wasn't that packed yet we waited to be seated and they had 7/8 empty tables.  The games was fun and the kids did have a blast besides the bad food experience.Worst choice of the trip...
I'll keep this short.  We walked into Dave & Busters a few hours before a flight to get a couple of drinks and have some fun with the games.  Several of us bought cards (required to play the games, of course), at a $14 minimum -- $10 in games, plus a $2 new card fee and a $2 "super charge" fee... no kidding; I was wondering why they didn't charge me for the rust-proofing.
15 minutes after we arrived, the power went out.  A flustered manager told us that his system wasn't working with the power out, so he could not refund our money.  It was unclear if we would be able to get our money back when the power was eventually restored, as he would not answer that question directly and suggested we come back the next day to play some games.  With a flight leaving 4 hours later, that wasn't really an option.
This turned out to be a complete waste of 30 minutes and $14.  Bummer.
It's been a while since I've dealt with really poor customer service, but look no further if that's your thing.If I could give this less than 1 star I would. The service here is unacceptable and they shouldn't be allowed to operate. We bussed our own table. Took us over an hour to get our food. Our waitress was so rude. No one came to check on us. I will not be backThis is probably one of my most fav places to go play games back in college.   Tho I'm more an adult now (lol), I still enjoy the arcade.  It has gotten pricier than I remembered.  We no longer get tickets cause everything is now put onto the players card.  The games are newer and it looks great in here. But the food is not something I would come to D&B for.  We were hungry after the game at the superdome and decided to eat here instead of at the stadium.  We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp and steak pasta for me and ribs/chicken wing combo. Let's dive in. 
The pasta dish was super bland.  I had to add salt to it.  Normally I don't even like to add salt to anything ever.  The pasta was soft. The steak medallions were slightly over cooked and the bacon was tasty.  I love the added spinach with my pasta topped with fried spinach.  I miss the blackened chicken pasta! For dessert, we had the Bookie. 
My husband said his ribs were tough to eat and the buffalo wings were too salty.  It's as if the buffalo wings just came out of the oven.  They use bottled ranch instead of making their own.  The fries were soggy as well.  
The Bookie tower for dessert was ok.  They did break the tower down so we can share.  One brownie/cookie topped with a bluebell vanilla scoop of ice cream. You can tell that they had just microwaved a frozen Bookie.  It was hard to eat after a few mins. 
But our server was sweet and provided excellent service. She checked on us constantly as she walked by. Overall we would come back for the games but not for food.Came here at 10pm to dine in. The hostess just stands around n don't care to seat anybody until you ask them to. Our waitress was nice and took our order quickly but we didn't get our food til 11:15. This place seems to have no type of management. This place is packed and filthy at this time of the day. The restrooms smells urines. Trash all over the floor. But who cares. Thinking this place is new it would be more tidy. 
  We played some games skew ball game had no ball but took our credit, a few games ripped us off of our points when u score high, it says game error call attendants. Air space hockey table did not give us back the puck after we played for a few minutes when we each had 3-5 lives left. Overall a rip off n the prizes are crap.Got there to find that you no longer need to put your name down for a table but to seat yourself. So we had a party of 6 squeezed into a booth made for 4. We were gonna accept it since the place was packed and you had to fight for a place to eat here. But then a miracle happened and a larger booth opened up. We already gotten out food but the waitress was really nice and let us move since it was still in her zone. No biggie. But then the service was not up to par. She only bought us one set of silverware. I figured she just put the one down to go and get 5 more. Nope. So we had to ask for plates and more silverware. She brings us the other half of our order and says she'll come back with the plates and silverware. Brings me my drink. By this time we almost done eating. No napkins. Ended up stealing a batch from the bar. No silverware. No plates. Finally she brings plates and silverware. But she only bought 4 silverware sets/napkins and 5 plates. We have a party of 6. You do the math. Then she disappears for the rest of our meal. We don't see her again. We ended up having to hunt her down to ask for our check. Also note that before all this we were almost given someone else's order. The people delivering it totally looked lost. 
This place is still running around with its head cut off. I noticed that there is an entire area in the back that they closed. Then you have people hoarding tables while their brats run around to play games. If they are not actively order a continuous food/drink I think they are done. Maybe give em a hint by giving them the check. Just saying. 
Also, if you parked in the garage they only have pay Stations on the first and 6th Floor. That's makes a whole lotta sense. People can either go down to the first floor pay for parking and then go back upstairs to whatever floor they parked on. That's not enough elevators for all that foot traffic. Or you can pay for parking before leaving the 6th floor where people are lined up to buy cards for the games and the foot traffic from the elevators. So now you adding to the foot traffic as well. Yippie. Have fun.But wait! Is it for adults right? Then why did I feel like I walked into a daycare? This place is terrible I have never ever felt like a place should close their doors as bad as this place needs too. They need to tell anyone who is bringing kids that there is a Chuck-E Cheese nearby take them there. Will never go back and will let anyone and everyoine that will listen to avoid this place.Where do i start very bad bad bad customer service and none of the games work properly. Ordered the salmon meal with the rice and spinach. The first rice was cold and hard told the server about it then she said she would get me a new order that was fine. Next order was worst not only was it cold and hard it was stuck together. I asked to speak to a manager. Server told me she was getting one. I waited there a total of 27 mins with no manager. The server just continue to seat ppl and never even came back to my table. I got up to ask her where the manager is she said i told him its just busy so he will get to you when he can.. wow it was a Monday night and it wasnt that busy. I walked around myself and found a manager. He told me he was the manager of the game room but he would take care of it. He said he would take the food part off... how is this acceptable?
 I have wasted over 1 hour of my time and you say you can take it off. He did not try to accommodate me at all. I felt like they didnt care to have me as a customer. I will not be returning and i advise ppl to stay away from this place. Games are super over priced and the food is just awful. Service is the worst ive ever recieved in my life!! Stay away from this place!!!!!!The wait list for this place is awful and really mismanaged.  Poor service by the hostess and staff answering the phone.  Don't ever visit this place to eat!!  The hostess staff that who work here are worthless!!!  Learn how to hire better people.HORRIBLE!!!! Please Please Please DO NOT EAT HERE! I have NEVER in my life been to a restaurant in this city with such horrible service. On top of the service being bad, the food isn't any better. This city prides itself on its food and this place is a disgrace. Cold food, under cooked food, and over cooked food...all on 1 ticket.
Just play the games...
If I could give them 0 stars I would...smh.horrible horrible HORRIBLE SERVICE. EVERY TIME i come here it takes forever to even get noticed (and i always sit at the bar) when i'm done with my drink i sit for 10-15 mins and still don't get service. i have to call someone's attention. i don't know why i keep coming back here, every visit pisses me off. UPDATE: i was dumb and came back here thinking maybe things have changed. and boy!! they have! for the worst. i didn't even get food this time and i've received the worst service. been sitting at the bar for about 20 mins. still no drinks. a large blonde woman walked past us, looked and then pulled out her phone and just ignored us. and also the women's bathroom had no toilet paper (literally every stall was empty so you had to use the seat covers to wipe) piss alllllll over the seats, tampons, toilet paper all over the floor.  i wish this place would get new management or just shut down.The service is nonexistent. There's a plethora of waitstaff but they're all congregated in one area socializing. It's impossible to get any assistance here. You basically have to throw yourself at some apathetic waitstaff with total abandon.Have been to Dave & Buster's in other cities and were very impressed.  This one not so much.   Went with kids and their friends, all teenagers.  When we got there only 2 small groups were in line ahead of us.  It took 30 minutes to pay and get our cards charged.  The personnel behind the desk did not seem to know what they were doing.  The games all seemed to work fine and we did not wait for any games.  It was happy hour so I decided to order a Margertia.  It took 20 minutes after I ordered to get the drink brought to our table and there was no alcohol in the drink at all.  I can only surmise that the bar staff is as trained as the front desk staff.  In the future I will stick to Dave and Buster's when traveling.I'll start with positive stuff - games are awesome and are why you come to D&Bs. Really awesome games, and all of them worked. Huge variety of games. 
Negative are all because of terrible staff (and I guess management doesn't exist??). They had no one to bus tables and clean up, too few waiters, only 3 bartenders (1 was actually working and cared).  First round of drinks took 30 min to get.  
Really does not live up to Dave and busters name and motto. Great games though.Possibly the worst service and food EVER at a restaurant. True - it was the college playoff game day. It was super busy. Wait!! This is New Orleans next to a stadium!! They should know how to work crowds right? Extra staff? Extra service. Oh no. It was awful. Dreadful. Embarrassing I was even there. But after the horrendous wait for a table I felt then trapped. Ignored, lied to, dreadful food even when it did come. Seriously. This awful 'chuckie cheese for adults' should be shut down. So sad I even paid. Should have just left.I'll give it a five.  Went here for my daughter's 10th birthday with 3 of her friends.  We had great service, food was as good as expected and we had fun playing games and winning tickets.  It's nice that it has an attached parking garage.  In a city that may not be considered "family friendly", D&B's is a great option - considering it doesn't scream "NOLA".  We will visit again.I was pleasantly surprised by the menu.  Very nice selection of food, fair prices and a nice staff.  The location is very bad and you have to pay to park.  The most troublesome issue was the customers.  I expected a lot of kids, but it was full of thugs roaming around.  I noticed that there were 4 deputies working security. 4!!!!!  Please don't bring your small kids here and expect to be safe.  The parking garage had the same issue.Shut down, revamped, hire new people, and open back up for the dining area. Game area runs smooth with no problems. However, the restaurant area is HORRIBLE! Literally five hostess not doing anything just sitting there looking. We came for my husband's 30th birthday and wasted the whole night.  We arrived at 8 and didn't leave until after midnight. The wait, the food, missing food, and waiting on our food tickets.  I don't recommend this location for food... all the other locations in Texas and Florida was way better! Normally, I don't complain and is very patient but tonight was too horrible.If I could rate it a 0 on the customer service I received whole dining her I would!
Our "server/waitress" Tanesha service was TRASH! 
Advice: Eat before or after arriving here!We went and had fun, but the typical d&b operation is located in a a place like Clearview/Lakeside/Esplanade mall.  In every other city they are located on the first floor of a suburban mall with a ton of free parking.
Although they do have fun games, billiards, and food, the planning for this location could possibly be better.  I think D&B corporate went along with some planning and was anticipating the Saints on this one.  I am sure the place is rolling after a football game, but every other time it makes it hard to get in there.  Maybe it is part of the business plan to keep free loaders out of the establishment.  After all, it is an upscale place.  Mostly it is not the fault of Dave & Buster's.
It is the rampant crime in the city that scares me.
Bad enough you can get snatched in the mall at Clearview, but here I'm going to be on visitor's turf.
With all the tourist in the FQ, I think  I'll have to take an invite to the competitor unless the Saints customers are marching in.
Maybe it will be a blazing success through some extraordinary marketing.  Certainly hope it is a hit!
There are some places in New Orleans like Oz & Tropical Isle that make all the money during Mardi Gras, and they stand down for the remainder of the year.  That combined with the Saints and Dave & Busters will be marching to the bank.
Going through a far distance, traffic, a parking garage, elevators, security guard & waiting for 2 hours is what I do for the casino seafood buffet for $29+tax in Bay St. Louis!Not a big area to play.. a lot smaller than the one in Houston.. Fun to play but they have got to get the odors dealt with. It sometimes smells like a toilet.. Also wouldn't recommend eating there as it's way too loud.. Food area is too close to the games.. With kids it's way too chaotic..Horrible service took 30 mins to place a drink and food order and it wasn't even  pack. They just move slow. Food looks nothing like the picture and it's over priced. Too many kids running around. I guess we should've went to shamrock....
This suppose to be the South Philly Burger SMH.Paid $10 to park. Waited 20 minutes at a table with no acknowledgement. Flagged down 2 waitresses that said it was shift change. After another 10 minutes got hold of the manager that didn't seem to care that 4 customers were leaving without spending a dime. This was a Monday afternoon with a very light crowd. I will never go there again.I am right smack in the middle of the road with Dave & Buster's. As an initial break in story that I find funny, but is irrelevant to the review. For one, a dear friend of mine has two little dogs, brothers named Buster and Duke and when I dog sat for her, I would call them into the house by yelling "BUSTER DUKE", so I kept calling this BUSTER DUKE all night long, which led to me annoying my friends who don't know the dogs, or the other friends (the friend and her dogs live across the country). My friends are still making fun of me. I did tell my friend that has the dogs, and she found it to be hilarious. Not that it has anything to do with this.
Now that I have that out of my system, I am still in the middle of the road with Dave & Buster's. On Poydras, the same side as the Dome, between 10 and the river. It is on the 6th floor of the parking garage. Not that you can see any sights, there are no windows. It's like a casino, I don't think they want you seeing outside so you don't know how much time you have spent inside. Which makes sense. The longer you are there, the more money you will spend. Being in the central business district, you have to either pay for parking, come in the evening when the metered parking is free, come in a taxi or some other ride sharing company. So, that can be a pain in the you-know-what.
This is a national chain restaurant. You are not going to get New Orleans or Louisiana style food. It's just not going to happen, so get that out of your mind. The alcoholic drinks are strong (and they serve drinks that are on the lite side for calories). The food is mainly deep fried grease, and there are not many healthy options. The bar has many televisions playing all sorts of sports balls things and other masculine type shows. You may have to wait for a table during peak meal times. Service can be on the slow side during peak meal times.
On to the game room portion. You get a card (free) or a wand (activation charge) or a wristband (fee to activate) to load up and use to play. There are SOOOOOOOOO many games. I had loaded my wristband with $40 and it took a few hours to use all of the money. The ratio to earn points seems reasonable. Candy crush games, yatzee, mini bowling, space invaders, monopoly, the price is right, and so very many more games that you can win points from. If you want to use your points for prizes, they range from candy to large stuffed toys. I have my eyeball on the stuffed unicorn (that is a mere 70billion11 points, and I only have about 1000 right now).
The guy I went with, this wasn't his first rodeo here. Well, he went back about a week or so after we had gone (he had been a couple of times before), combined all of his points from his several cards (he had forgotten them when we went together), earned some more points, and got the smaller of the unicorns for me. HOW SWEET!
While I will not come every week (or even every month), I will more than likely be back to play games. Keep in mind that this is a national chain, don't have high expectations.This place was an absolute madhouse. We were carded upon entering, yet there were children everywhere. When we arrived upstairs on the elevator, the place was crawling with a ton of people. That is to be expected, because the place just opened up. What I was not expecting, was the inability to leave when I got ready to. There are three separate elevators--all three of them were full when we tried to get on them to go downstairs. They were so full, in fact, that they automatically closed, before the people riding up could get off, resulting in empty elevators going down. After about 15 minutes of us waiting for an elevator, we finally were able to ride downstairs. When we got to the bottom, there were several fire marshals, and a fire truck parked out front. I am assuming it was because they were overcapacity. I think we will wait at least six months, for the buzz to subside before going back.I ordered to go for my son at the bar before we hit the road for a two hours drive back home at 6:30ish, went to check at around 6:50ish but still not up.  I was told if it's up it will be brought to the bar counter so after 15 mins later , went check again, still not up.   I have patience and was being considerate but when you see people sitting on the counter with their food that came 20 mins after you, something ain't right? The bartender went to the back to check and came back later with more food for people who came 20-30 mins after my order.  She came back and ask for my receipt and left.  Later on came back with the manager, and was told the tix got lost? So if it did, get lost, get it going on the fly!?!? This is for a kids chicken tenders meal and a dessert. I don't understand if the tix gotten lost while you were back there grabbing other orders, tell them to put it in!! I don't know why it wasn't in, waited another 5 mins and I was over it!! Ask for the refund and was only given an apology! I don't expect shyte for free.  But knowing someone waited an hour for two items and not put in right away and went running around to find my receipt I paid had to be the most stupidest shyte ever!! The bartender knew I paid bc she put it in.  This cause our road back home to be delay for an hour!! While Waited for an order that could of been out on the fly in 10 mins, if the tix was missing!!! Trust me I understand how the back of house runs, I do expo for a restuarant.  One of the worst customer service I have ever received and the order was only two small items. Get your shyte together! I know y'all New and busy! I should of ask for my tip back bc I didn't even get service!!This one of the largest D&B's I've ever been to. Rightfully so...located right in New Orleans around shopping and tourists. It has SO many games and a huge bar area. Parking is in the garage and is expensive so be prepared...about $10.  
The food was actually delicious and not expected for a place like this. I got the Grilled Fire Salmon with mashed potatoes instead of rice and green beans $16. It was so good I didn't take a pic before I demolished it! Also got a strawberry watermelon margarita. It was way too sweet for me. 
Sarah was our waitress and was nice but seemed new. Our food order didn't come out till hours later and the manager had to come out several times. Also, had to comp a meal for hair in the dish. Our party was super disappointed after leaving about 11:30pm and arriving at 8pm. The manager should have comp'd the entire party's check, that would have been appropriate considering the chaos but he didn't. Just an apology. I wouldn't return to this location...seems too much for them to handle.Brought my wife and son here last night 05/30/2018 for a bit of "family fun night" and wasn't too disappointed. This was my first time at any Dave and Buster's, but I've been to similar places around the city, such as Quest in Elmwood and Laser Tag in Metairie. Besides not having laser tag (my son's favorite) it was pretty much what I expected.
The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We arrived and decided to eat in their restaurant before going into the game room. I had the Thai Chicken Pasta and it was quite good. Generous chicken, nice spice and plenty of noodles. It reminded me of a similar dish I enjoy at Simolina's. My wife enjoyed her Philly cheese steak. They brought out the wrong order for my kid, he asked for a cheeseburger but got cheeseburger quesadilla instead. No biggie. The place is loud and my son tends to talk low, so it was an honest mistake that was corrected as quickly as possible. Our server gave us a couple extra game cards as a comp without being asked, and that is pretty good customer service. (Anticipate the need... blah blah) 
The arcade was cool but personally I'd like to see more games and less 'prize game' attractions. We went on 'half-price game' night, so it was a hassle to get to try out a lot of the cabinets. I can imagine that on a slower night I'd have had more fun.
Bathrooms are very clean and spacious. Staff was courteous. Food was tasty. I understand that mistakes happen and I was glad to see them take a proactive attitude towards fixing it.Saturday night assessment: 2.5 hours to get seated at our table. And, almost any game you really wanted to play had a line. I would definitely recommend going on a week day night, rather than on the weekend. 
Fun time overall and the drinks were great.Way overpriced and service is abysmal. Waited 15 minutes for bartender on a late Sunday afternoon with an average crowd. The 7 and 7 was screwed up twice, tasted like gin and tonic. Hopping place, but far better options for drinks and atmo in the Big EasyThe employees at this location are just awful. From the wait staff to the employees working the games, everyone is just bad. Food is not good and I don't think it's one of those situations where it will get better with time.Went to this place for the first time and let me say I felt like I had just stepped into Chuck E Cheese. Terrible place me and my friends left after using the disgusting bathroom. Will not be going back in fact I cannot believe this place is still open. I was under the impression from the commercials that this place was for adults but there was so many ankle biters running around there would have been no way I woould have had a good time.I went here yesterday (a Saturday--my first mistake) around 4 pm for the first time.  I had never been to a D&B's before, so I was excited to check it out.  I don't have anything against kids, but I thought this place was for adults and was shocked at how many kids were there.  I'd say more then 50% of the customers were kids (probably under 10).  A lot of them weren't even playing the games they were sitting at or standing by, they were just there making it look like the machine was taken when it really wasn't.  We didn't want to eat there, we just wanted to get a drink and then start playing some games.  We stood at one end of the bar for at least 5 minutes without an acknowledgment from the bartender who was counting his drawer before deciding to divide and conquer. I moved to the other end while my husband stayed put.  After waiting at least 5 minutes at that end of the bar a manager finally came over to get my drink order but I let him get the girl's order who was waiting before me. Let me just say that, as I waited, I got a good idea of what was going on behind the bar. We had one bartender who seemed to be endlessly counting money, one barback who looked like relatively busy cleaning up, one bartender who looked crazy busy making drinks, and another barback who literally made circles behind the bar all while eating drink garnishes and doing nothing except looking extremely pilled out. 
After the manager got the girl's drink order who was next to me he just disappeared and I stood there for 10 (yes 10) more minutes waiting for a drink.  Finally I got pissed off and was ready to leave when my husband decided to wait for the drinks while I walked around.  It was 30 minutes before he got our drinks. That's ridiculous, I don't care how busy you are.  If he hadn't already put money on the game cards, we would've left. 
In my waiting period I went to the bathroom. Now, I'm not a princess when it comes to bathroom situations but there was no toilet paper, a wad of chewing gum stuck to the side of the stall, and paper towels exploding out of the trash can. My feet were also constantly sticking to the floor in the restaurant area. Overall, not adding to my already unpleasant opinion of this place.
Finally we played some games (the ones not perpetually occupied by 7 year olds) and I tried my best to spend the money on my card as quickly as possible so we could leave. It was "ok." I don't think I care to return but it was a decent way to occupy myself for a few hours.  I had more hopes for this place, though, and think they need to hire more staff and keep the place clean.I will start this off by saying GO TO THE 6th floor.
 The food here is really good and there is a lot of it!! The price was pretty reasonable ( 45.00 for two people, with 10.00 play card) service was quick  and air hockey was fun.Went with my boyfriend, we played  games had lots of fun. But, when I sat down at the bar, that's when the shit happened. First, I saw the waiter wipe down the counter with a small napkin. What the heezy!!!You have tons of people playing games, doing this, doing that, and you don't sanitize your counters?? I did ask, and her ass said she has no sanitizing clothes. I then asked for the manager, and what do you know, he came back and wiped the counter  down with a cloth, so I immediately got on her shit list. After that, I was not attended to, no menu, no nothing, minutes later the side seats did fill up( they were empty when I first sat down) Guess where the bar waiter went.... to everyone but me. By this time I'm ready to check her azz, and I did. She did give me a menu, but never came back to wait on us. Another guy came and was super friendly. The meal was horrible cold fries and sliders. We were so hungry we didn't complain. But they did give us more fries. You think with almost catching an incurable virus from dirty countertops, being ignored, and the meal tasting like sh.., they would have made the the meal on the house. Word of advice, eat before you go.
Also seen several other customers wiping off their tables because no one was cleaning them. THIS IS NOT OUR JOB.Possibly the worst service I've ever had.  Came here on a Monday night to get food. We had a party of 6 and we were sat without a wait. Didn't get service for the first 15 minutes. 45 minutes after we placed our food order it came out missing half of what we ordered.  After asking 3 different servers and a manager to correct our order they only corrected some of the problems.  By this time all of our food was cold. Needless to say 2 people didn't eat and those of us that did, well the food wasn't good.  Will not come here again to eat. Only good thing I have to say is the games are fun.I would give zero if it were an option. Worst service I have ever. One hour wait for a table, 40 minute wait for drinks and at one hour 15 minutes still no food.  Ask for more drinks and was told they have no clean cups. We have watched multiple tables come after us and get served. Also, we are surrounded by 5 empty tables, so how busy can they be?By far my worst Dave and Busters experience. Staff just doesn't care. I'm a server and a bartender and can honestly say this place, along with the staff, is absolutely horrible.I gave them 2 stars because the food was tasty and the manager fixed the issue for me.  However.......
I ordered the loaded cheese fries. First time it came out, after about 30 mins,  with only the sausage on it (no other meat and no sauce).  I sent it back. Then, after another 30 mins, it came out without the sausage. I told the waiter I'd keep the plate and he could just bring me a bowl of the sausage and I'd pour it on myself. About 15 or so mins later, the waiter came and said there was no more sausage and offered me some queso, which I refused. I didn't want cheese; I wanted the meat, which I find to be really good. Oh yeah, I got my bill before my food came out the second go round. So when I finally asked if I had to pay the full price for the fries, the waiter said 'yes' and took my payment. He said he could send his manager over and I asked that he please do. After about 15 minutes, the manager came over and handled the matter appropriately. 
Customer service is non-existent these days. I appreciate the manager knowing what it used to look like.Horribleeeee! We waited about 1 1/2 to be seated with a family of 6, they sat us by the bar and would not open the family part of the food area. The waitress said oh "shit your perfume smells good", very very unprofessional! The manager was no help! The bar area was filthy! Food all over and the bathrooms were not cleaned at all! I would give 0 stars for this place! Do not recommend!Took my 7yr old son for a fun mid afternoon day. Staff was friendly, restrooms clean, parking garage easily accessible. 
Great boys day out!
4 stars because we didn't eat there. 
We did not encounter any rude staff or bad odors.If you need to eat within a hour do not come to Dave and Buster's.   The dining is the worst part if the establishment.  An hour wait for seating, almost a 2 hour wait for food.Everything about my experience here was horrible. The food was cold and dry and incorrect we waited almost a hour for drinks. Literally over a hour for food.  Appetizers came out after entrees and with all that our silverware never saw us until we asked for it. My uncle didn't get his appetizer at all. I will never go back for food again maybe the bar and gaming but never the food again. The service is horrible as well. It wasn't even busy which made me more upset.Why can't we have a place where food & drinks can be served while kids are spending soooo much money on the games?  Too much to ask?  Bad decision to come here for my son's 10th birthday.  No service here, just plan to come for games.  Starving kiddos-no funThe worst experience I've ever had. It took 30 min for the waiter to even acknowledge us, actually they never acknowledged us we ask a bust girl for a waitress, and when she finally came to our table she had a bad attitude. My Wife, and I left and decided to go somewhere else. This place is very poorly managed, too many bust staff, and not enough waitstaff. If I could give 0 stars I would. I'll never step foot in this place again. They will probably go out of business in less than 5 years unless the management is changed.Love this place! There is a grandopening parking special for $10 for up to 12 hours is not bad at all. The location is really safe and that's my main concern when going anywhere downtown. There are plenty of meters surround the building so I recommend finding one if you plan to come late in the evening. The meters are free after 7pm. We came on a Monday so it was crowded and not many kids running around. We only played some games and got drinks. I order a snow cone. Yummy! Our bartender really took care of us. Since we all ate before we got there, we didn't order anything to eat. Next time I'm back, I will definitely order food there. They are having a $5 appetizers and drinks special deal during football season every Sunday,  Monday and Thursday.Went to Dave and Busters in New Orleans on a Saturday around 4pm. I liked that parking is in a garage. The business is located on the 6th floor and elevators open directly to the facility. We decided to eat here as well. There are two options for eating. You can find your own table next to the gaming area on the floor or head to the back area that has restaurant style service where you are seated by staff. We initially opted to find our own table but after waiting with 2 other parties for a clean table for more than 15 minutes we decided to go in the restaurant area. There was no wait and we were seated immediately. The food was not good. It taste like warm frozen food. The kids barely finished. We spent $80 on food which was a waste! Next time we will eat elsewhere and just visit the gaming area. We had 3 little ones and the each had the $23 cards. They were able to play a lot of the games and had a lot of fun. My recommendation is to go to play, don't go to eat!We went here last night to celebrate my son's 13th birthday and the service was horrible!!! This was our second time visiting this place and the first time was bad but we just took it as it's the opening weekend so we'll try again. Big mistake!!! Never again will I spend money here!Wish i could give it a 0 but yelp wont let me! Everything was amazing until the end of our visit....my 3 girls, husband and I had a great time playing games, we went to redeem our tickets and the girl behind the counter said nothing as we got up there, seemed very annoyed by us.  Scanned my oldest daughter's prize and shoved the ticket and card to me and said nothing.  I was put off by this as she is in customer service but said nothing.  My other 2 daughter's brought there prizes up and she again seemed very annoyed that we were there, she she scanned their prizes and once again shoved the the tickets and our cards back to us saying nothing.  I then said how rude she was and called her a name (bitch) which I know I should not have but she then turned to me in front of my 3 children and said to me "f**k you bitch, you can't call me that f**k you. You a bitch." And went on as we walked away.  My husband then went to get a manager who walked over to the counter where he pointed out the girl and the manager took her in the back and said he would take care of it.  We will never go back to this establishment which is sad cause up until the end my family and I had a great time.So I go hear time to time just to game. I haven't really tried their food because I eat pretty healthy and let's face it, they don't have the best options. The other day I decided to go to the bar to get a drink and noticed how nasty this place really is. There were dirty plates everywhere, glasses all over the bar, and trash on the ground. Not to mention it smells like straight ass when you walk in on the ground floor near the elevators. I'll probably go back just to game but I will stay far away from the bar/restaurant.Get in with an hour left of happy hour, our table didn't get checked on as much as I would like so we couldn't really get more of the deal as we wanted. Food, way too mediocre for the price and the time it took to get to our table. Timing for appetizers and main course, we had one person order appetizers for the table. We all got our mains with the appetizer she ordered, but she didn't get her main till later. Don't get me started on our drink orders because we had to remind the server that we haven't gotten the drinks that we ordered after a while. With the hype that this place has gotten, I'm very disappointed.Waited 20 minutes at a table for someone to take my drink order.  Spoke to Asst. GM Omar and he took the drink order.  35 minutes later, still no drinks.  Now have been waiting for same Asst. GM for 20 minutes.  Where is D&B Corporate to replace the awful management at this location?Food was terrible because they clearly profit off of the parking garage. Had to tell the server exactly what I had because he couldn't organize the tables checks. The bathrooms had NO hand soap at all and it wasn't even 10:00 on a Saturday night. All I got was a stupid laffy taffy because I'm no good at games. *cries in Spanish*Let me start off by saying that I love Dave & Busters! So when I found out that NOLA was building one I was super excited! Sadly, my first impression at this location wasn't so pleasant. It was pretty easy to find parking in the garage but when it came to actually finding the entrance of the arcade it was very confusing! My group and I went into the elevator thinking that it'll take us into the building, but to find out we had to walk out & around of the garage to enter the arcade! (The elevator only went up 5 floors, the arcade was on the 6th floor.. but We later learned that we could of took a couple flights of stairs to get into the building. Lol) When we finally got inside we noticed that they didn't have much people there as we expected because it was Half off Wednesday! but any-who, we went straight to the restaurant to grab a bite and was greeted by a server pretty quick! Upon our server taking us to our table, we noticed that the table was still dirty and had trash everywhere so we stood there for about 5-10 mins next to our table (she ran off for a few mins) until she finished cleaning. Our food came out pretty quick, but our food wasn't hot! It was cold, and we had chunks of foil in our food.  not only that, but our server barely checked up on us! Our drinks were empty so we were looking around to find her. We noticed that she was at the desk, dancing and playing in another employees hair. Several minutes later, the fire alarm cuts on causing all the machineries and games to cut off!  they made an announcement to not worry because the alarm was pulled from inside the parking garage and not the actual building itself. So upon asking the manger when will the games and stuff cut back on, he stated that it could take a while. So my group and I decided to leave. I was super bummed because that was the whole reason on why I went; to play games!  Anyways, I will definitely be coming back later on in the future.  I hate to give them a two star rating! I will update my review next time around, so hopefully I will have a better experience! I still have high hopes! Hehe (Sorry for my incorrect grammar, I wrote this review pretty quick and I don't feel like going back to revise lol)The service was horrible. Half the table got food and ate while we waited. All the tables that came after us ate as well. I will never eat here again.Don't do it. Too crowded. 10 dollars for parking. They check your ID MORE THAN THEY NEED TO. The bathrooms were extremely dirty and smelled like pee and it was hard to find one that you could use that wasn't gross. The elevators were so small and hot and smelled terrible. Every meal on their menu is at least over 1000 calories so don't count on finding anything healthy. Also, for as much as they keep carding you, they sure don't care about the people walking around smelling like weed and making the whole place smell bad. The games were always occupied and it was hard to find anything to play.The facility is awesome and the games are fun but the staff has clearly never been trained on anything. They are the worst I have ever seen. I really hope they do an overhaul because I would be a regular customer if it was better.Located on 6th floor of parking garage. When we walked in it was too crowded of course. We had to wait 45mins to an hour just to be seated for a table to eat, couldn't play all games so crowded it's a really small place but the food is really good and the drinks also.Awful Service.... apothetic ... 20 min and asked where beer was?  Service gal yukkingvit up with other wait staff... blamed it on bartender who was on her ASS...We ordered the bar burgers and wings.. 14 dollars for fries, 4 mini sliders and 5 wings.. 2 out of the 4 sliders were basically thrown together and one wing was deformed. The fries were good though.What a fun place. We spent hours playing . A group of girls came here for lunch (first time) and wow we wanted to stay. Servers refilled our drinks without delay.  Food was a little pricey but we ordered several items and we shared. Games we're unbelievable . Fun!!!!It never fails to amaze me how absolutely terrible the service is here. It doesn't matter if you sit at the table, the bar, stand, sit, scream- good luck getting a server or bartender to even LOOK at you much less come to you. At an empty bar I had to order my margarita three times because the bartender kept forgetting what I ordered. Proceeded to make the wrong thing, and then looked at me to see if I noticed. Girl what????? I've been sitting here for 28 minutes with not a single bartender asking me if I'd like another even though it's empty and pushed away. Okay- I've had enough. After 6 attempts at this place I will never be back and that is coming from someone in the industry. Also- pay in cash if you choose to come because the amount of times I've had beyond wrong tabs and charges is almost unbelievable. It took me 4 years of writing reviews to finally give out a 1 star review. Thank you D&B.This place is not big enough for the city of New Orleans. we waited 2 hours to be seated but then our waitress went over and beyond to make us happy. She was awesome, if your there ask for the Jasmine with the burgundy crochet braids. The food was greatThis was my second visit and the place is still terrible I'd fire most of the waitstaff they are terrible and don't pay attention to the customers. We were seated near the bar and waited for someone to take my friends order we waited and waited no service. A waitress walked past our table quite a few times we stopped her and her reply was this isn't my table someone will be here shortly well shortly must mean never no one took her order even though numerous waitresses walked by. I suggested she order from the bar which I did previously in the evening since I was the first one there among my group of friends. Her order was taken but when it came time to pay her order was no where to be found in the system. The bartender had to manually input the order in so she could pay. We ended up notifying the manager of the horrible service her reply was I'll let the bar area manager know she did and all they did was apologize no compensation at all I guess her military discount counted as compensation smh..Ok food. Fun games but the service sucks. I tried this place once before and the service was terrible but I gave them the benefit of the doubt since it was the day after a storm and they were probably short staffed. Months later they still have the same issues with service. The seat yourself policy does not work here and the busting of the tables can take a while. If you want service sit at the bar but be warned it will take a while since the bartender is normally alone.Had a great time fin (pretty bartender ) was amazing . Very friendly , and quick. Overall my experience was good. Some of the games are a bit pricey and the prize shop was out of almost everything. But it was cool. We had fun n the cocktails were great.We did not eat here. We got one drink and it was full of suger. The games were so much fun. I will definitely be back to play more games. The prizes are cool. I cant wait to go back foe the games.Totally unorganized. Complete trainwreck from the time I walked in. I paid for 2 cards to play the games, neither worked. The manager would not give me a refund. When we finally got seated in the resturant area a hour later the food was ice cold. I mean straight out the refrigerator. And the plates were filthy. I'd never go back.HORRIBLE SERVICE, everyone is upset that they work there. And have horrible attitudes, i'm
all for employment, they need to rehire all new staff, i never write reviews but this one was worth itThis review is solely for the Eat portion of Dave's. Service. Was. Horrendous. Most servers were MIA or just blatantly rude. There were tons of dirty empty tables that stayed dirty and empty for hours. I was told there would be a 15 minute wait and to try the bar. Me and my boyfriend sat at the bar and were ignored for 45 minutes. No one acknowledged us. Soon only one server was present. After waiting for her to make a drink for another couple who had to flag her down she simply walked away. 2 minutes later there were no staff in sight. I was really looking forward to trying some of the drinks but never got a chance. Side note: the gaming portion was enjoyable.The food here is just okay , the rating is based on the Service or complete lack there of!!! Our waitress Tanesha realty needs to reevaluate her occupation !! Serving isn't her forte her attitude was atrocious! For starters it took us 15 mins to have someone come to the table , When she finally came she brought her attitude right along with her her, we had to get our own utensils , never once received a refill .  I understand busy but that isn't an excuse for attitude  and just plain rude . Shame on you Tanesha , and shame on Dave and Busters New Orleans for allowing this to happen .Man, I hate that I'm disappointed. Because I love the idea of a huge arcade with a full bar where adults can feel welcome. But every time we've gone, the service has gotten worse and worse. ALL workers: greeters, wait staff, bartenders... R.U.D.E. It really is a shame. It got 3 chances, don't think I'll be back unless for a child's birthday party.Horrible!!!! Got put on the waiting list at 6:50pm on a Saturday. My table was ready at 9:45pm. Hostess said it would be a 45 min wait. Don't waste your time!!The entire wait staff was extremely rude. I was not greeted by 3 women at the host stand. They didn't even look up, the food came out wrong (all 4 of the people in our group) and 2 of the 3 drinks ordered came out wrong as well. Will not be returning!All the negative reviews are 100% accurate. Sat at the bar for 20 minutes and was ignored by the 4 bartenders chatting amongst themselves. When I finally got their attention they were totally pissed we needed their services. Needless to say I will never come back. I highly recommend any investors out there open a similar concept with a staff that knows customer service and wipe this place off the map.Delete out at this Dave and busters was a little different than the ones I've been to before, but that doesn't make it better or worse. The bartenders are very very friendly. But I see from other reviews where time is an issue. Everything moves very slow until its closing time area my ball got stuck in a game and I couldn't find someone to help for the last 15 minutes the place was open in of course at 12 on the dock everything shuts down registers games whatever so if you have an issue it's gone. We ate dinner in got power card which was a pretty good deal we enjoyed the dishes very much. Only issue with dinner was the salmon, little bit salty. I had the salmon (grilled) and subbed the rice for garlic mashed potatoes which tasted homemade and my BF had the steak and shrimp pasta which was also pretty tasty. He says he wishes then they would have salmon and shrimp on the pasta instead of the steak (it really was that good). You tried the Corona with the Margarita and said it was a little weak. But at least the drinks were discount for happy hour. We will likely go back before returning home.Just don't waste your time trying to get a drink at this bar. I came in and waited 20 minutes for service... and never got it. I walked over to the other side of the bar to get the bartenders attention as they were huddled up having social hour, and she waved me down like she was going to be right over.. So, as I'm walking out the other bartender stops me and says I didn't see you... Well... Who's fault is that?Only gave it a 1 star because it was not possible to leave a no stars. Came here before the sugar bowl and it was a complete shit show. We couldn't be seated for almost an hour because there was not enough servers. The only way to compare this to is being in a doctor office with one doctor and the flu in November. Avoid at all cost.While this is a great place to entertain yourself with electronic games and things. Think twice about eating here. The fare is sub par to other local restaurants and along the lines of mediocre chain restaurant food. While I don't like to pick on the wait staff because I've worked in the service industry. I will just say it was less then attentive. The food was edible but room temperature by the time it got to the table. Luckily we were not in a rush because everything was a slow process.This place is totally amazing !  Although it's not your typical Dave and Busters format, I can only wait to see what characters football  season is going to bring.It took me 20 minutes to get my water, and I am still waiting on my salad, yeah over 30 minutes for a salad. I love Dave and Busters, so it is painful to review this. I warn you all not to come on a Tuesday here. Just got my steak salad, and yup the steak is cold as my ice water. I shake my head to this place, shame on this location, you are making D&B look terrible. Oh and they messed my power card and erased all my points and my 70 tokens I had on it. Who is this manager?Came in with my husband and three children and was told to sit anywhere to eat. Noone acknowledged us at our table for 15 minutes. When we finally got our drink order taken it took another 15 min to get them. By the time we got our food, we'd been there an hour and then my food sat there getting cold since I had to wait for silverware. When we expressed our dissatisfaction, our server said she was busy in her own section and that we weren't even really her table. This was by far the worst experience I've had at any restaurant.Just wrapped up a 3 Hour meal which should have been 1 hour.  Our Waitress was great, but the Bartenders are slow and kitchen staff is slower.  30 mins for a drink, 1 Hour for food and the place is nearly empty. Don't come if you are in any type of hurry.  The only redeeming quality was Sarah, the waitress....  she tried her best to accommodateNeeds to improve on staffs attitude towards guests most were rude and acted as though we were bothersome to them. Other than that it was a great time lots of fun games and good food. Will probably return on a weekday when it's not as busy.This was my first time at Dave and Buster's and I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed myself! I first had lunch at the bar with a friend and Charlie was our bartender. Let me say this......she was awful, terrible and quite rude to us! Naw!!! Just kidding! Lol. She was AMAZING, TERRIFIC and definitely GREAT at what she does! She was pleasant and delightful, funny (with a little sarcasm) which I love and when I do come in again, I'll be looking for her! The games were a plus and the atmosphere was so chill and laid back; the entire staff was available if we had any questions and the place was clean to perfection! I look forward to returning!!!If I could rate it a 0 on the customer service I received whole dining her I would!
Our "server/waitress" Tanesha service was TRASH! 
Advice: Eat before or after arriving here! One of the worst dining experiences ever and sadly the managers has the same unprofessional attitude as our waitress! 
I would go into detail but I am drained by my time here!Crazy lines, HORRIBLE parking garage, and twice a fight almost broke out between parents. It was ridiculous and I felt unsafe!Horrible service, waited 45 mins and still didn't get our  food. After long conversation with waiters and manager food finally arrived and Yes, it was cold!I went here on September 14, 2017. We were seated for almost 30 minutes before any member of the wait staff acknowledged our presence. My girlfriend went to ask someone at the bar for a second set of utensils because only one set was on our table. The person she attempted to talk to behind the bar was a manager. He completely ignored her. She had to go find a set of utensils on her own. We ordered the chocolate fondue for the dessert. The person who brought it to our table almost spilled it all over me. That was because he had his head turned while trying to listen to what another member of the wait staff was saying to him instead of making sure he placed the dish on our table properly. When  we first tasted the fondue that was when we discovered it was cold instead of hot like it was supposed to be. We asked the waitress to take it back and take it off our bill. She did. We were going to play video games after we ate but I couldn't see spending more money in a place that had such unbelievably bad service. Don't ever go there. Avoid this place at all costs.Giving three stars because its new so hopefully it gets better. The service is extremely slow. Ordered food (work lunch) at 11:30 and received food at 12:20. Clean and servers are nice and helpful so that made the experience better. I'd recommend if you have a lot of time to spend and are having a few beers!It's dirty - trash on the floors every where - tables left with food and dirty dishes; we had to find a manager to get a clean table - bathrooms were gross and NO paper products in any stalls or to dry your hands!!! 
The girl who brought our food (not the same sever who took our order) didn't bring a spoon for my husbands soup, plates for the appetizers, and our salads didn't have any dressing and when I asked for dressing she was offended and said "you really want dressing". 
Games are over priced and items to choose from in ticket area are crap and priced high. 
Only reason we ate there was because we used our tickets to buy food. 
Highlight was our wonderful sever Jennifer! She was so attentive to our needs! 
Sadly we will NEVER go back!!!!Couldn't wait to check this NOLA location!  Used to live in Houston and loved all the D&B's there!  Me and bae went for a lunch date today just to eat---(we'll do gaming next time).  I ordered the firecracker shrimp and OMG!!  They were AWESOME!!!  They were so good I didn't even make a fuss on how negligent our waitress was.  Bae ordered the rib/chicken wing plate and he got his food fairly quickly.  Meanwhile, i was left salivating and waited almost 20 minutes before mine was served!  When i mentioned it to the waitress she said she had to bring his food out first so it wouldn't get cold.  WTF???? SO i asked okay but what about mine?  She then tells me the kitchen told her to bring his food out first so that's what she did.  Besides, she says, she thinks they had to make new mashed potatoes for me.  Unbelievable! Later one of the floor 'managers' came by and asked how we were doing.  After complimenting the food i gave him a brief update on the service issue and he tells me (with a mouthful of rotten teeth) that they're still new at this and my food took a little longer but they didn't want bae's to get cold.  ????  i just shook my head.  I guess serving a table of guests at the same time is out of the question here...Awful service! Well... that's not fair to say. I'm not actually sure how the service is, seeing as I didn't see a waiter/waitress within the 45 minutes of sitting at the table. Very under staffed for a establishment like this.D&B Nola, you disappoint me. It took forever to get up to the parking garage and find a spot. Someone didn't think this through well enough. There were cars going in all sort of directions. 
It's supposed to be a fun place for all ages but it was so loud in there, I couldn't even hear myself think, nor hear my peers. I get that it's a hot, new place for Nola but it is too small for too many people. The only reason why I gave it two stars is because of the variety of games offered, even though some were out of order. My poor kids were rushing out of there because they didn't like it. 
Don't think we'll be returning to D&B anytime soon, unless it's one out of state.Here on a Wednesday(half price games btw)for my son's 13th birthday.  Dlacey Stewart was our server and did an amazing job.As a rule I don't leave reviews but this is an exception to the rule. 
IT IS A CRIME THAT THIS PLACE EXISTS IN NEW ORLEANS!!!
it's fine for the rest of the country because you're used to subpar mediocrity but not in New Orleans please. This is the equivalent to the Disney-fication of Times Square in a city known for great food and even better times. 
The food was inedible and took anywhere from 45-60 minutes to be brought out. It's almost like they had no concept of timing the food to be up at the same time. 
My 9 year old said the pigs in a blanket (pretzel dogs in D&B parlance) we're terrible and couldn't eat them. How bad so hot dogs have to be for a 9 year old to not like them? I had a bite of a burger and it brought me right back to the lowest grade of institutional food, the type that the rumor is that it's "Grade D but edible". Waiter forgot one person's meal entirely. 
While I appreciate the jobs this company is providing to the community, I'd prefer it to shut it's doors and go away with it's proverbial tail between it's legs. 
Even if it's not locals and just tourists it should still be a crime because it tarnishes the New Orleans experience. The place can't fold up soon enough. It's fucking terrible.Adequate food, horrendous service. Drinks were always empty, took 20min for every item we asked for. Took us complaining to the manager twice to actually receive silverware & drinks. Don't go unless you're going to self seating & for the arcade. Otherwise, Walk-Ons is right across the road.Leaving the parking lot is a MF!!!! We've been in line for 1/2 hour so far and have descended 1 floor.. much smaller than any previous D&B we've been to. Yes it is crowded,but that's to be expected ... someone took my 1/2 full beer...the workers go around grabbing people's non empty drinks and throwing them away!!! Maybe spend some effort wiping down the freaking bar!! It was filthy, full of beer,receipts, straw wrappers,etc.. yet there was like 5 people behind the bar ,but only 2 serving... I love love D&B ,but this location is disappointing... I hope they get it more together as they go.. I wasn't expecting a bowling alley,like some of the others have,but hopefully they expand at least a little.. and fix the freaking parking!!!! Also, 10$ bucks to park, but it states that it's 10$ to park as a grand opening special  so I imagine they'll raise those prices for the absolute worst parking garage Ever!! I will say that the staff and manager were awesome!!! It's not their fault, it's the parking lot owners..we did have fun but I've been to much better onesVisited this location for the 1st time with fam on Jan 2nd around 8pm (Party of 8). Food subpar, parking bad, staff and service worse. They did not have several food/beverage items we requested and the waitress made no apologies. This was no surprise as she also gave no greeting or introduction upon arriving to our table. Many staff are unkempt, unprofessional and on their cell phones out in the open. Staff dont bother with trying to be inconspicuous while on their cells and are seemingly attitudinal should they have to look away from it to help patrons. Most Games are fun yet pricey and the ticket store is expesive. It was manned by a person who apparently gets paid to tune in to IG between sales and has no problem giving the screwface to anyone who interrupts his IG sessions. The inmates are definitely running the asylum at this location. I witnessed managers be disrespected and a group of about 6 staff members in a circle horseplaying for 20 mins at least-imprudent & unprofessional. It is nothing like I recall the Dallas location being back in the day. I am very shocked and even more disappointed. D&B should be ashamed smhThe arcade games is the only thing this restaurant has going for them I had fries with BBQ ribs and they were dry as they can be. The ribs were not tender, the sauce was bland and generic, they tasted like they had been sitting for hours, if not days in the fridge, then reheated when I ordered them. The fries, how can you go wrong with fries?! They did. Bland and dry, just like the ribs. The service was horrible. They messed up the order and they ran out of forks. I've never been to a restaurant that ran out of utensils...WORST encounter with any type of staff I have ever had anywhere! I've been going to dave & busters for years way before it arrived in Nola. I arrive to meet my friends with there only being a hour left till closing and large security man was EXTREMELY rude! I'm 30 years old, I'm going to a  arcade why would I be required to have ID? I remembered I had a current photo of my Louisiana drivers license. I asked if I could show it. And he tells me no. I ask to speak to a manager and he said no and slammed the door in my face. This is the kind of customer service you have? Never again.Absolutely horrid. Even for opening day it was a terrible experience. No one knew what they were doing. Wait for a table was over two hours. They couldn't find our server. Every one of my drinks took at least 15-30 minutes to get to me. My food, the lettuce wraps, were served incorrectly without sauce. They did not follow happy hour pricing listed on the online menu, and I was charged full price. Very unhappy with this location. I hope as they go on they get better.I come to D&B often with friends just to eat! There is always a very long wait, but service usually makes up for it. The bar section is a "First come, first serve" situation. There are many booths and tables that allow under 21 to sit in. Last night, I came here to celebrate my friend's recent graduation. After playing a lot of games (many with lots of moving) we were worn out, hungry and thirsty. We sat at the booths closer to the game section because that is where a table became a avaibke first. It must not be a section they care about AT ALL! We sat there almost 15mins and couldn't even find a waiter or waitress. When we did they took another 15-20mins to come and take our order. She was so in and out that she didn't even get drink orders. My sliders bun was cold and they were missing onions. I asked them to fix it (which took over 10mins to find someone to ask). When they came back out a waitress slammed them on our table and kept it moving (didn't even have time to check and catch her to make sure they were right, WHICH THEY WEREN'T). At this point we were aggravated and ready to go. I asked for a manager multiple times and finally my friend had to get up and FIND her himself. I don't believe in inconveniencing the paying customer so that is why I didn't get up sooner. She came, heard us out and comped our meal.
I can't complain about free food but it was very mediocre and not at all what I remember. If they can't handle having such a big bar area to cover they shouldn't have it open. Basically, if you want decent service, sit in the area you have to put your name on the list for. The food is def better quality.Fun playing games but it took my party 2.5 hours to get seated for food,,, then another hour to get it!!!! Horrible service ten plus empty tables but wait on tables was almost 3 hours! Unacceptable I don't care how understaffed hire more people!I came here with my friends around the time closer to when it opened. I bought a $10 game card, but I didn't end up playing any games. I was planning on playing games after my friends finished their food, but the cooks obviously had different plans. We waited on food for two hours. Yes, you read that correctly. Two. Hours. When they got their food, it wasn't even hot. By then, I wasn't really in the mood to play games, and I was extremely grateful that I didn't order food myself. I would say that I would give it another try, but I heard there was no improvement so far with service. Since I still have my $10 game card, I would go just to strictly play the games only.If I could give this place negative 5 stars I would. Stay far away from this place if you want to have an enjoyable time. We were seated at 6:45pm on a Saturday night, we knew it would be busy but it wasn't crazy packed. 45 minutes later the waitress showed up to take our order and we ordered drinks and food all at the same time. 2 of the people in our group were skipped when she was taking our orders and had to get up and go find the waitress (her name was Emelia)  to place an order. So just about an hour later (we debated on leaving but at that point we had waited so long we decided to try and stick it out because we were starving) our food showed up, well half our food as 2 people were still without, but still no drinks. We asked the waitress where our drinks were and her response was "we have 3 bartenders and about a thousand people in here wanting drinks" I can assure you there were not even 500 people in the entire place and more than half were children who weren't of drinking age. So we have our food which is fine but we have no silverware. That took another 15 minutes to show up. Finally silverware was in hand and but not everyone's food, 10 minutes later my sister in laws buffalo wings were brought out and were ice cold. Like they just came out of the freezer ice cold, Not kidding.  We finished eating and the drinks were finally brought to us. Ridiculous. 
So the arcade part of it was insane, kids running amuck and there were so many you couldn't get to the games because even though they weren't actually playing the game they were pretending to play so you couldn't physically get to the game. 
I finally saw the manager and he was just standing around with his thumb up his ass. 
I will never ever EVER come back to this hell hole.Had a fantastic time. Great games, my favorite was the digital reality.  Bar service was quick and beer was extra cold. The only thing is the parking is a little tricky be sure to read the sign posted on the elevator entrance.The worst service have had in along time. So slow. Started off watching them wipe crumbs off table onto booth seats then saying sit here in the crumbs. Ask if I was ready to place order then said be back needed to get order pad. Came back 15 minutes later. Brought tea with no sweetener so had to wait for that. Then brought meal with no utensils. Had to track down someone to get those then wait 10 minutes to get them. Meanwhile 8 of the servers are standing by drink machine by bar talking and laughing. 
If I ever go back it will be for the games only. Food is not fresh or very good plus you have to pay at least $10 for parking.My daughter and I had a good time playing the games, however the customer service from some of the employees were horrible. It first started when we sat down to order some food. The waitress was not welcoming at all, and it took over an hour to get our food. Anytime we would ask her for something, it was literally take her about 30 min to come back. A separate party who arrived way after us (about 20 min) got their good before us. I believe her name was sekorya or something like that. Once my daughter and I finished our points after lunch, we went over to the gift store to redeem our points. The lady at the customer service desk had no customer service at all. It was actually my daughter and i first time there so we had no idea how the gift shop worked. The lady was no help and she didn't even give eye contact. I paid way too much money to not receive good customer service and to wait over an hour for my food. Please hire individuals who actually want to work. ThanksThe food is good! Unfortunately, the service is bad (very below average). Drinks and Food take a long time to come out. It was actually a slow night (last night) which should have been more reason to have faster, adequate service and been treated better in the restaurant area. The staff seems very inexperienced. The manager had many excuses to why the service was bad. I've frequented tons of Dave & Busters across the nation and even have family in upper management positions within the company but this D & B has some catching up to do regarding the quality of service compared to other Dave & Buster Facilities. The games are still fun and a great time but just be prepared for an unpleasant dining experience. I just really hope your personal and group experience is much better than our group's experience but I doubt it...Went there opening night:
-Guy checking for IDs at the door was shouting "Don't forget to tip the door guy"...uhh no.
-Packed and lines everywhere. 
-Elevators reeked of hash. 
-30 minute wait once inside at check in. Some of the lines were longer at different seating areas. 
-80 minute wait for food. Managers were scrambling from the staff not being properly trained - wrong table orders, cold food, POS problems etc. 
-Rough crowd. 
-Hour wait to get out of the parking garage.
-Definitely need to have a $20+ cover charge at night to keep the riff raff out or this place will never survive.
I will NEVER step foot in here again!Great place.we was only missing one special person. Will go back 
The highlight was the menu!If I could give this less than one star I would. We walk in to an extremely dirty restaurant. The floor was ungodly sticky, all the tables where dirty and sticky. Nobody even offered to seat us. Seat ourselves, flag down a server, order and eat our food. Then get the check and server got all of our tabs screwed up, finaly figure all that out and go to play games. Most of which were broken. Then the bathrooms, OMG where to start, not one clean stall, only one had toilet paper in the actual dispenser three had rolls in the floor, one stall had blood (and lots of it) all over the toilet seat. This was my first and last trip I will ever be making to any Dave and busters.This was a happening place.  The food and drinks were great.  It was very busy and they were very attentive.  Great place to go before going to the Superdome to watch sports, play games, socialize, and enjoy.  Parking costs were extreme.I'm soooo disappointed in my first ever experience at Dave and Busters. I had relatively high expectations because I had heard so many great things about this place. The games were fun, but it doesn't make up for the extremely poor service. I arrived with a group of 20 at 6:00, they gave me a 1.5 hour wait time...that didn't bother me, I understand the difficulty of serving 20 people. But after our estimated wait time, I asked the lady at the desk how much longer she thinks it'll be, and she said 30 minutes. Finally after 40 minutes we were seated (so a total of 2 hours 10 minutes just to be seated). Our server took a long time to take our orders, and we didn't receive our drinks until an hour after we were seated. Eventually we received our food, but several orders were missing items, and one of my friends who was with us, didn't receive his fries, and politely notified our server. Our server replied with "oh, it doesn't come with fries" but my friend looked on the menu, and it clearly stated that it comes with fries. The management was nowhere to be found throughout this whole process, and not one single employee acted like they were sorry at all. I completely understand being busy, but communication goes a LONG way...that would've made a huge difference to me. But because the staff was extremely rude and inconvenienced by us being there, I don't think I'll come back. The "experience" just isn't worth it, sorry.My daughter wanted to come here to celebrate her birthday because of the games. We had a party of 10 and I would suggest letting the waitress know to bring the food out as it is cooked. Some of the food was warm enough to eat. They were short staffed. There is no reason why we should have waited an hour to be seated when it wasn't busy and then an hour wait for our food.We were on our way to a concert and stop by for happy hours here. We decided to sit at the bar. We were sitting at the bar for a few minutes and noticed that no one was asking if they can help us even though the bartender was right there washing There we're not alot of customer getting food so I'm not quite sure why there so many waiters just standing around talking among them self and not asking if we need help.  We notice a lady with some plates and menu in hand passed so we asked if she can take our orders if we follow her to her table section. We told her we were on our way to the concert so we want to place our orders so we can eat and head out. Kellie was our server. Kellie got our food snd drink orders and came back real quick with the food and the bill at the same time. I noticed she forgot to serve us one of the happy hours item we ordered, which was fine since she didn't charge. We asked if she can split the check evenly and she came back with a check that she charged us both a full price. We had to wait for a while to get her to get a manager to fix it. I'm not sure why she had us waiting for manager approval when the items we ordered were all from the happy hours which should have been just $5. While waiting for her to adjust the receipt, I was standing near the bar and one of the waitress balled up the straw wrapper and toss it at the bartender who was right next to me and it flew on the floor and they didn't even apologize. I didn't want to further be late for the concert so I just quickly sign my receipt and head out. We enjoyed our happy hours food and drinks but the service sucks. Not sure if I would come back here again.The games were alright. The drinks were good, but they didn't seem like they had much alcohol in them. The wait staff and the food were terrible. We should've sat at the bar to be served quicker, but there were 5 of us and we were just going to share a lot of appetizers. We waited 20 mins for our drinks and the waiter got my drink wrong. It was her third day, and I hope it's one of her last. She never refilled any of our waters and she spoke really low. We asked her for a spoon three different times. She was doing side work to leave after our table was done, and she dropped an entire stack of 20 ceramic plates while she was setting up the table next to us. The loud crash scared us so bad, and she didn't apologize once for the plates or our drinks being slow or getting me the wrong drink. We waited another 30 mins for our food, which was all appetizers, and it was ALL cold. She didn't check on us until almost 10 mins after the food came out and we didn't mention the food before cold bc we had already waited a total of 50 mins for our food to come out and were hungry. All the food would have been really good if it was at least warm. This place needs A LOT OF WORK. This D&B will never compare to the one in Houston. Save your moneyAll the details everyone should know about Dave n Buster. We're regulars here on Wednesday nights for half off. We usually have fun doing our own thing and collect as many tickets we can get so that we can buy whatever our niece and nephew wants whenever they come with us next time. 
Last night, we decided to eat for the first time sitting at the bar. We had ordered nachos with steak, sliders and ribs, and Coke Zero to go along with.
After 15 minutes, we finally got water, we asked for Coke Zero, which we waiting for another 10 mins for. As I drank Coke Zero, I've noticed it was flat. So I got one of the bartenders/server's attention and told them this Coke was flat. He had told us he would replace it but never came back. After 10 minutes, our original bartender/server shows up so I told him the same thing that it was flat. Without apologizing or anything, he straight up told us that's all they had with the unnecessary tone. So I had told him regular Coke was fine. He returned with a Coke but in a small plastic cup for mixed drinks.
After 40 minutes of waiting for food when it wasn't even busy, we had finally gotten our food. Sliders and ribs came out ok. But nachos? It was dried and burnt and also gave us chicken with it. So I had immediately told the server that we had gotten the steak with the nachos and that this was too dried and burnt for us to even eat. After waiting for another 20 minutes or so, we had gotten our steak nachos. By the time it came out, we were already full so we asked for to go boxes for us to put the nachos in to the box. We also asked for a fork so we can scoop up all the steak and cheese with the nachos to put it in the box. Server immediately says they don't have plastic fork in a rude way. I had answered back with the same attitude saying I refuse to pick these up with my hands so I need a fork. Server finally understands and told us he got us. Next thing you know, he just walks over to his co workers and start talking, joking and counting tips or whatever for more than 5 minutes. So I had gotten up and just went to a table that had forks and such. Server then realizes that I had gotten my own fork and finished packing my to go boxes. Without even apologizing, he asks if we want to close out which we said yea to. 
Here's the WORST part. Without giving us a receipt, he shouts out $54. I then told him that it shouldn't be $54 but he replied saying we had gotten two drinks. So I told him I refuse to pay for those two drinks cause I originally got one Coke Zero which was flat, and the replacement for that was half plastic cup filled with coke. 
Server then takes those two drinks off and shouted out $40 something. I couldn't really hear so I just gave him my credit card so he can swipe. He then gives me a receipt to sign but doesn't give me any itemized receipt. I immediately asked him for the receipt with all the items. Server then goes back and prints it out and without even coming back to us to show it, he just tells us he's going to fix the price with the manager. Once it was fixed, they gave us the itemized receipt. After looking at the receipt, he had charged us for everything including the ones he messed up on. Does he really think we're stupid and don't know how to calculate our own expenses? I usually give tips even the service weren't that great, but this was beyond worst. They will never have our business ever again.So we went here for a friend's birthday. Didn't really have that great of a time. There's a lot to go through here, so I'll just get started.
- Whoever designed the parking garage is an idiot. Cars in America drive on the right side of the road. Plus the angel at which in the first incline is at in not legal. Literally.
- Everything smelled like pot. The garage, the elevators, the restaurant, the games, everything. Last time I checked, Pot was illegal in Louisiana.
- The food was awful. Really, really awful and took forever to come out.
- The point cards are a crock. $12 for 60 tokens. But $2 to activate the card, plus tax. 
- Tickets just don't happen. Not all games offer tickets, but nothing says that. We spent 3 hours there and got 2 tickets. We also left with tokens on our $14.87 card.
- It is a sensory overload. So many flashing lights and noises. It is hard to concentrate on anything, let alone the game you are actually playing. 
- Staff was not very nice. Just the cherry on top of a sludge covered melted sundae.
Probably not going back.Good food, atmosphere and fun games but horrible service. If you want a drink, go to the bar and order it yourself or be willing to wait 15 min to get a each drink order from your waitress/waiter.Dave and Busters is an assault on your senses. But let's start at the beginning. Their parking garage was full when I showed up on a Saturday night. Not that big of a deal, I found a different garage and hustled over to meet my friends who had been on the waitlist for a table for an hour. 
There was a short wait for the elevator to the 6th floor. Elevators were hot. 
Then swosh the doors opened and sound hit like a tidal wave. Also waiting at the elevator area was a lot people interested on their way out. The amount of people in that area was absurd. 
I have no idea how they monitor capacity, but it just seemed like way too many people to me. 
I found my friends, learned that we were watching our spot in line on the dave and busters app. They started off at #37 and after waiting an hour, our party was #8. Another hour passed, people played games and we were number 4, oh yay, 3, no 4, no 3, no 4, no 3. 
I will say this, we were a party of 15 and I know it's hard to sit a table that size on Saturday.  Part of the party went to wait by the Eat sign. And that's where things got hard. My friend talked directly to the woman with the tablet that monitors table availability. This lady tells my friend, that our group was told wait time was 180 minutes upon check in (we were told an hour and a half) and that if we split our group up into smaller more manageable parties, we would be booted to the end of the waitlist.  Excuse me, we have been here for 2 hours. 
Then the tablet lady says, don't go by the app it's not accurate. Then why the heck did you tell us to download it. 
It was an absolute madhouse in there. The crowds, the noise, the terrible customer service, the noise, the noise, the noise, the noise. The noise 
We decided to leave at 815, we just went down the stairs and went to walk ons.  Put our name on the list and ended up going to a Mexican restaurant bc they could take care of us right away. We sat down for dinner at 845, walkons called at 9. Dave and Busters texted at 9:33. 3 hours after being placed on the waiting list. 
All of this being said, the arcade part was fine. There were a ton of games, it isn't my scene, there were lots of people enjoying that.They really need to get it together. Sub par food... and POOR SERVICE. It took 25 minutes to close our tab? 
Who is managing this place?Why anyone would go to a D&B while they are in New Orleans is beyond me. I went here for a friend's birthday and the food was all pre-packaged wings and jalepeno poppers like you can get at Costco. The games are old and lame and the service was lacking as we could not get water w/o ice for the table after asking twice nor could we get them to refill the water. Food came out in dribs and drabs for a party of 6. All the while I had the nagging feeling they were just trying to keep us in the place.  Go somewhere else, because this place screams Ho-Hum.I visited Dave & Busters around 10pm on a Friday night. The crowd was fairly sparse, which turned out pretty nicely since we didn't have to wait in line to play games. 
When it came time to order food, it took a minute to track down the server assigned to our table. She greeted us and took our orders, but took a while to come back and check in on us throughout the meal. The food seemed to have been carelessly and sloppily put together. I'd visit again, I'd just make sure to eat before going.Only giving it a one star because the games were amazing but literally that was the only thing that was good. 
When we arrived we were told that it would be an hour wait which was totally fine because we planned to play games while we waited. After we had played for an hour and a half I went and checked on the status of our table. When I asked the lady At the desk I was very rudely told that it would be another hour!!!! I politely asked her why it was going to be another hour I was told that because there were other bigger tables that came in AFTER us that they had to seat first. I had to ask her to repeat herself because i couldn't believe that we were being skipped in line for a table for others! At this point I was extremely mad! But decided that hey I'm here anyway I'll keep playing and we will eat sooner or later. ANOTHER hour goes by and we still haven't gotten a table. My friend goes to check on the status once again and was told that it would be another hour and a half!!! When once again questioned why it was going to be so long we were told very rudely mind you that they couldn't seat a whole area that's why! 
The chaos of the ticket prize area was ridiculous! Kids were everywhere literally destroying items!
This was my first Dave & Busters experience and it will be my last! Especially this one! WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!Came to watch the saints game and the TV signal went out. GET CABLE OR INTERNET BASED TV!!!! We are extremely upset. Took 30 for someone to come serve us. Extremely terrible service.I wanted this place to be great. I have some great memories of the one in Times Square. Also, I would rather email the store directly to address the service issues, but the website doesn't provide one. That being said, I am so tired of settling for mediocre at best. I would say that I will just go for the games, but isn't the intention of Dave and Buster's to be an all inclusive event? Great food and drinks with some arcade fun on the side! If they cannot get the F&B side right, why not just go an arcade where customer service interaction is limited to ticket jams and redeeming your 6,000 tickets for a cheap frisbee and some rubber ducks. I took my 14, 13 and 9 year old kids in for some grub and games. I wish I could tell you all about the food. We were sat in a relatively empty dining room and waited. Waited some more. Waited for nearly 10 minutes without a single glance, be right with you, nada. I don't mind letting the hostess know. Maybe a server was cut and she wasn't made aware? Maybe she sat us in a closed section? It happens. No hostess to be found. So, the kids and I just went about the day playing games. They didn't mind skipping lunch if it meant straight to arcade games anyway. As we wandered through the room I noticed several adults participating in a scavenger hunt. This is when I started to get upset. Not over adult fun, but that this establishment made it perfectly clear that corporate parties are their bread and butter. Families looking for a way to spend a rainy day in Nola are low on their list of priorities. Not a good plan, D&B. Having worked in hospitality in this area for a long time, you need to take care of your locals. Convention business heads out of town every two years and is non-existent in the depths of summer. Parents and fun-loving adults alike are always looking for indoor activities to escape the heat. Keep burning bridges with your locals, the ones that will pay your bills when there aren't corporate events to be had, and you will soon see why chain restaurants do not thrive in the area.Good time waste for kids...food not good and service was extremely slow. Overall, ridiculously expensive...I used to live a couple blocks from here, but avoided it because of the ridiculous line. 
This weekend we finally took the kids there. 
First the "good". The place is big with lots of arcade games.  There is a nice bar in the middle with lots of tvs everywhere to watch the games.  There is a big parking garage, which is nice especially on rainy days. 
The kids loved the games. 
Ok, now the bad.  
The restaurant was understaffed and had probably the worst service I've ever had in a New Orleans restaurant. 
It took us 15 minutes just to get helped. After getting helped, we had multiple mistakes on our orders, cold food that had to get sent back, and the server forgot to bring drinks multiple times. 
I just don't understand how such a big corporation like D&B allows one of their locations to have such sucky service months after opening. 
The elevators are so slow and overcrowded.  Why in the world would you put such slow elevators in a place you know will have lots of people coming and going. 
The bathrooms are all the way on the opposite side of the restaurant. Why would you not put them closer to the restaurant?  Or put a second bathroom by the restaurant?  I don't mind walking, but my wife had to carry our 5 month old through the chaotic game room just to change the baby. 
The garage, while convenient had a horrible design, as the exit lane cuts right across an entry lane. It caused a long line in the garage just to get out. 
This place is everything wrong with dropping a huge chain right in the middle of downtown New Orleans. This place definitely belongs in Metairie. 
Management, if you're reading this, get your stuff together. I don't expect the type of culinary experience I would get at a 5 star New Orleans restaurant, but this restaurant is a travesty. 
Suggestion: Eat before you go.Just do yourselves a favor and don't even go here to eat. Go play, the games are a blast! But other than that, just don't. Worst attitudes I've ever encountered! Can't ask them a question, they will talk to you like you are straight stupid. We were originally told an hour wait...then told an hour and a half...we finished playing our cards and left. When we did go and check in, we were told they were seating larger tables than us first. When asked why, we were told "because they're larger", oh did I forget to mention we were a table of 6? Apparently we weren't large enough for them. Then they would give different responses when we would go check on our table. It's just a miserable experience.Employees here are so damn rude. I wanted to grab bite and drinks before game but didn't happen. I got tired of waiting for my drink so I left.I understand that D&B is a busy place. This D&B is understaffed and the service was extremely slow. We waited for nearly an hour to be seated and after being seated, our server didn't arrive until 10 minutes later. The games are fun, but I would not recommend this place for a meal. We expected more from a New Orleans downtown establishment.Ha gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy a/c garbage wait too long every five minutes let me see ID beer was old as f$&@ The list continuesThey will need to improve if they are going to survive.  Food was adequate but far from good.  Tater tots are actually very good!  Wait staff had to wait forever for the bar staff so cocktails were very slow coming.  Parking is a joke.  No validation and $10 charge even if your eating and playing.  I suspect poor management.Absolutely the worst service ever! Took 45 min to even get acknowledged. Then I had to tell the bar back I would give him a $20 tip just for a beer. This is my second attempt here. Both times same thing.Scott, the weekend manager, was courteous and partly redeemed the situation, but this was horrendous -- the rude servers moved me and my kid twice without apology then we were waiting literally a half hour before anyone came near us, despite me asking passing servers several times. Then when I saw my kid's milkshake sitting for 10 mins and finally, having scooped off the cream which shouldn't have been on it, he brought it over (no sign of my drink) and asked why I was shaking my head. I explained and HE acted like I had an attitude. No apology, nothing. Just blathered about being short-staffed, etc, which was a) bull and b) not my problem. He came back a minute later to say, with attitude, that he was in fact not even on my section but was doing me a favor. Scott did his best to make up for this crap but it was way too late -- I had to go 10 mins later as my kid ran out of patience and still no sign of food order. Textbook case of terrible hiring/training and not being family friendly sports bar, which it could and should be.
PS - I've come back to add as I notice SO MANY similar reviews that go back months. Why has the company not addressed their obviously horrendous staff situation? Shut down and start over with new managers and whole new staff hired for having basic human manners as a starting point.I should've read the reviews. The worst service experience I've ever had. Never got our drinks, had to ask a manager to get us waters. Never saw our waitress again. There were 2 bartenders for a crowded place. It was a disaster.Why would you eat here? really? why? I didn't try the food because I'm not an idiot. You're in New Orleans, why would you eat at Dave and Busters? 
I put off going to this place because of the poor reviews but I finally went today.  My BF and I spent about $40 for four 22oz beers and two hours of playing arcade games, not that bad.  
They have a good amount of games, the price wasn't terrible and I had fun.  
The elevators were shit and broken but whatever. (We had to wait for a party to come down before we could get onto the elevator)Bad service. Bad food. Out of Stella. Out of cheese for the Philly cheese steak. Out of wine. Seriously?  This place won't make it unless it gets some management that cares.Such terrible service. We came for happy hour and then our server told us which food and drink items were included. When we got the bill, 2/3 items were not on happy hour. We asked to speak with a manager after the server wouldn't fix the problem, and then she returned and said it was okay, the manager would fix one item and didn't even "need" to talk to us. We asked again since one item still wasn't included and our server was saying, "I'm sorry I told you the incorrect items, but I can't do anything." Finally a manager came and after a brief but too long exchange, said he'd fix the ticket. 10 minutes later, the fixed ticket came. 5 more minutes later, our change was brought to us. 
It was my first and last time visiting.This restaurant was very very packed. The food was good as expected. The only downside is the service.
My husband and I ordered a simple milkshake and it took too long to get to us probably waited 15 to 29 minutes before we got our drink. 
Our waiter came to us and said there was a backlog at the bar, hence the wait. Our food as well took a while to get to us. 
Here you seat yourself and then the waiters come to you and take your orders. 
Not sure if I would visit anytime soonIt was terrible the food is horrible anytime the kids did not enjoy and I'm talking about kids that is 5 and olderAfter catching the Saints game we walked next door to Dave & Buster's. It was our first time there and I can say, we will definitely be returning! What a great concept, food, drinks, games and many TV's so you don't miss any sports events while enjoying yourself!Came here for family fun, and that is what was received! The elevators were a little messy, could be cleaned up a bit. Other than that, the workers were super friendly and helpful. This place has a great atmosphere!This was our first visit. Tiffany was awesome. Our only complaint is our steak with pasta was burnt so she had to redo our order. Our sliders were burger meat and not steak we still paid the same price. We heard and read alot of complaints about the food being cold and long wait time. I must say we didn't wait long and our food was hot.It only took them two minutes to piss me off. I walked up to the bar to order a drink and the bartender just repeated what I wanted and walked off.Worst in SE region really they only open half the of seats you are always waiting. Most of the mangers don't have a clue to what's open and not!! NO ONE is nice at this location except the bartenders. Management are looking at customers like "oh well" what can we do? Do something! they had 6 booths open yet my wife and rest of family had to wait while many table were still open. Games always broken!!! " like how in a dave and busters"? I swear if I could take a picture of the mangers!!!! I've been to several dave and busters including the one in Panama City beach....New Orleans is by far the worst!!! This is not just a bar it's a restaurant guys!!! And from the looks of other reviews I'm not wrong and I come to this one often.Officially..."meh". Drinks sucked, food sucked, crawling with kids who lose the skeeballs.
Watermelon marg was trash...
Margarita with the corona was trash...
Beer; good. The games-skeeball and hoops-made my night!
Happy hour is half price all of their crappy sugary cocktails...and one dollar off 22oz beers. 
Overall, I'll go for the games. That's it.Took forever to get drinks. Were told there was issues with bartenders overpouring so they implement a new system where it looks like only one guy can make drinks it was taking over 20 min to get a drink. Nope no thank you.Waited a hour and a half to get a table. The staff is ghetto.............. Many young teens hanging out standing around in the restaurant area just shooting the breeze while dining customers had to squeeze through them to get through. And the food well it was basically the frozen food section at Walmart being served at inflated prices. This place was all around ridiculous. Never again Zero 's.My family loves this place and my kids love all the games! My only reason for 3 stars and not more and today when we were there some of the games weren't working properly and couldn't find anyone to fix anything. Overall it's a great setup... just need to tighten up some things! Didn't get food today but when we do it usually is pretty good.Been here for 30 minutes haven't got service yet. I have seen like 4 employees walk by me. I had to stop one of them to even acknowledge I was even there. Even then I am still waiting.The management is complete trash. The kitchen crew were complete trash as well. Not only did they give our server a 16top on her first night the management looked annoyed when she asked for help. Get your shit together.Worst experience ever!! Cedric my waiter was horrible! Especially told him I was allergic to avocado and to not put it on my food. 55 minutes later avocado on my lettuce wrap! Stay away from this place. Poor service and poor management!!Great atmosphere! Had fun playing all the games. I dont think I would wait to eat; area seemed way to congested at night so we only played the games. I would consider eating at the bar during a week day lunch though if I really wanted to try the food. Overall I had fun! Good selection on games for the fam. Great just for a date also!Service at the bar is horrible. Bartenders don't greet or acknowledges your presence
Sat at the bar for more than 10 minutes without any acknowledgement. I had to ask for service and the bartender still never came to take my order. Totally disappointed.Very bad food service. Waited by a dirty table for 15 minutes, waitress passes by and says we waiting for the bus boy. Another 10 went by before he came to clean it. Then waited another 10 min for the waitress to come give us menus. When the food came out we still didn't have silver ware to eat with. I had to find the manager to get silver ware which took several minutes for him to bring them to us. While waiting I'm seeing another table going through the same shitty service. If you plan on eating don't be in a hurry.I have been to 3 different Dave and Busters and I can tell you that this location is managed completely different than the other locations I've visited. The management at this location is atrocious.I have never seen any establishment run so poorly. Poor service and lack of hospitality.Ran out of paper towels ran out of toilet paper. Food took over an hour for just appetizer even though it didn't seem busy.If you are looking to get something to eat this is NOT the place for that. Worst of all was the disgusting attitude of every female bartender when trying to order a drink. Bartenders were very rude. Bottom line this place will never excel unless the get rid of their managers.Bathrooms nasty. Out hostess is nice but she's having to bus tables because the place is not properly staffed. Our wait was 1.5 hours we went at about an hour fifteen and to ask status they said 2 were in front of us we were like know a time? I have no idea uhhhhh yall can get****LONG POST****
From the beginning I wasn't super excited when it came to town. New Orleans has taught me that we need to support small businesses and leave the chain establishments to Metairie. I caved in, sadly. 
My son is currently undergoing chemo therapy and actually had a free day out of the hospital so I wanted to do something I knew he would enjoy. He can't go in to small spaces and especially not with a lot of kids because his immune system is still compromised. So Chuck E Cheese is a big NO. Dave & Buster's is a few blocks from the house so that was another plus. It was opening time for them on a Tuesday morning so I figured it would be fine. I had heard the space was large and he wears a mask on outings anyway so we went. 
When we got there they were vacuuming and using some type of disinfectant spray on the machines so that was very reassuring. I just knew I made the right choice. There was one family ahead of us in line so we waited maybe 5 minutes before stepping up to the counter. I wanted to do the "Eat & Play Combo" so the lady at the counter told me I'd have to get a Power Card from my waiter to do that. Ok, cool. So they technically didn't start serving food until 11 so we grabbed a booth n chilled there for maybe 15-20 min before I finally got one of the waiter's attention. She wasn't assigned to our section so she had to find the server who was. She did go ahead and take our drink orders. 
Our official waiter came out and was really helpful in being patient with him while he made his decision. Somehow in less than the 10 min it took her to walk to the computer to put the actual order in and go make our drinks (he had that kid drink that was basically a sno-cone with gummies worms so she had to assemble it) this other person brought out his food. Now I know with chains everything, well almost everything, comes in pre-portioned frozen packs. I know microwaves work quickly and the grease might've already been heating up but even the server was trying to figure out how it came out so fast. Of course it came at the expense of our food still being frozen in the center (the hot dogs) and the pretzel being a soggy dough wrapped around it. The fries were decent though. He wasn't fooling with it though lol. We didn't sweat it because again, we weren't expecting much. 
We got up to go play a few games and while we were away they completely cleared the table. Drinks and all. I would totally understand this had it been a super busy time for them and someone else needed the space but that wasn't the case. There was maybe a total of 15 non-employees there and by this time it was almost 1 if not a little after, so there wasn't a "lunch rush" coming their way. They could've easily walked around and found us to ask if we were finished. Well the other server that took our drink order grabbed our check for me and let me know our table had been cleared and she apologized for our waiter just doing it without checking first. By this time we were hungry so we paid and left. I'm glad he won't remember any of the visit besides the fun games.Located on the 6th floor of a parking garage. First thing you'll notice when you walk in from any entrance to this building is the smell. All dave and buster's have an indescribable tolerable smell. But this location has that smell infused with disgusting sewerage and musty sweat. Once you enter the non AC'd/non-ventilated elevators though, the smell just gets worse lol. Hold ya breath till you actually get to the arcade room on the 6th floor, though the smell still lingers here. My friends and I call this place sewerage busters lmao. I come in quite often, trust me.
Parking is expensive and complicated so I always street park after 7pm for free. This location is rather smaller than your typical D&B tbh. Food is okay (honestly it's not nasty nor amazing - c'mon, it's not a restaurant). All service there is utter ass tho, like 90% of the time. Most servers are slow and lazy. The bar is super duper slow as hell, and I only get water there. I get it when it's busy but when they're not, they're still slow. Even security can be rude. The only decent service is prize redemption (aka winners circle). My god, the restrooms are atrocious... the women's at least. Some of the sinks don't work, the soap is very thin and watery, and the paper dispensers half work. You already know the smell lol.
I'm a regular here, coming in at least once a week to play the rhythm dance game. There are less games here than other locations because its smaller. All the arcade games are decent/good but could use better maintenance. But this location follows the rest of the chain in a corporate sense. So, tough luck ?! Prices are what they are (for games, I recommend coming in wednesdays for half off; for food, its moderately pricey, not worth it. Eat before coming).
I give this location three stars cuz I'm a local who has seen the good days but got used to slow/bad days being usual/normal. High five to the small percentage of good workers I spot all the time. Boo to two security members that seemingly hate the dance machine gaming locals like me. Dont expect much out of this location - it's just like most/the rest of the decent D&B's out there... if not, worseCouldn't tell you how the food was. Late night on January 20 we went in for dinner.  We were told to sit anywhere at the bar. Several booths were empty but none cleaned. No recognition from any staff. After 20 minutes we went to another area for seating.  We were seated after 15 minutes and given menus.  After another 20 minutes of no recognition from staff we finally left.Terrible service, called the manager to let her know we waited 40 minutes for a beer. She said she was going to take care of it but we never saw her againCame here while on vacation and unfortunately the service was horrible...we waited 40 minutes for drinks alone... they messed up my salad 2 times.  The second time it came back incorrect I just keep it..we were watching a game my husband wanted to see otherwise we would have just left.  Everything we ordered came to our table wrong.  I think they really need to train servers better not sure what the problem was maybe it was just our experience.Came in here after finding a Groupon for $25 for 2 people on unlimited gaming. Read the fine print, not all games are included. We knew that coming in. The girl at the front was nice enough to walk us through everything. Prior to going onto the game floor though you have to finish any outside drinks. 
We stopped by the bar to replenish our drinks. It was nice to see that there were plenty of tvs showing plenty of sports, along w/ a UFC PPV. I don't recall having to pay for entry to this. That in itself was great to see! I got caught up watching the fights, not realizing how long we had been standing there trying to get a drink. It had been about five minutes or so. I looked around, the bar wasn't that busy to where someone couldn't have helped us. I noticed a bartender walking in our direction thinking we were about to be helped. Nope. She started talking to a co-worker, for a few minutes. Finally another bartender saw we needed a drink and helped us out. 
Once we had drinks, we embarked on some game play. If you've ever wanted to finish one of those shooting games, the best way to do it is w/ the unlimited gaming card. They have tons of games to choose from, whether you have the card or not. 
For the amount of people that come through D&B, it is very clean. It's def hit or miss w/ staff from our experience. Food wise, we didn't have any.Server was rude. Food was cold. Service was just horrible. Not like the one in Texas. People are friendly though.Poor service, poor attitudes, poor everything. The one star is for carrying the impossible burger.My boyfriend and I were pretty excited to visit because we thought it would be something fun we could do together, have a few drinks, play some games, and enjoy ourselves. Instead, we were bombarded with children! They cut in line. They nudged us out of the way to get to games first. And they took up every game. We had to wait in lines for kids to get out of the way first. 
We expected the crowds as it's a new place. Had no issues with the amount of time it took for us to get our drinks, because, again, we knew the location just opened and there were a ton of people. But we spent a ton of money and couldn't enjoy ourselves because of how many children there were. 
Parents: take your kids to Chuck E. Cheese. If we wanted to spend a Sunday surrounded by children, we would've spent it surrounded by the ones related to us.Arrived here at roughly 5pm or so and was seated by 7pm Our waiter, James accommodated us the best he could with the short staff that they had in the back of the house per the Manager, Danny. This was the worst experience ever for my cousin, whom which was celebrating his birthday. We came with a party of about 15 with kids and adults. The chicken fingers came out WITHOUT fries (which are included). The Cantina Nachos were clearly old and rewarmed. The inside of the hot wings were brown and old, UNACCEPTABLE. I attempted to explain the issues with our order with Danny, before I can mention everything, he took the Cantina Nachos from the table, stated he'll take them off of the bill and abruptly walked away. I do appreciate the $100 credit that was given for the headache. However, the bill was still incorrect.This was my very first visit at this location and it was terrible. I definitely don't feel the need to return. Management could have done better with listening to me regarding the specific problems that we had. I (the customer) could care less of the details of why D&BS is short staff or what the backend problem is, all we needed was for Danny to hear us out and resolve the issue. This evening's short staff and busyness seemed to take a toll on the effectiveness of the Waiter. Poor James was so flustered this evening it's a shame. Please hire more knowledgeable, informed staff members and a better management team that will listen to the customers needs and then make an assessment of how to handle the problem. Better training and staffing across the board is needed at this location before i return.Terrible food, terrible service, and all around terrible attitudes. The games are okay, but a good number of them were out of order. I wouldn't go back if someone tried to pay me. What a miserable experience.First time ever being in a Dave & Busters. Very disappointed. Before they opened, I thought Harrahs was going to have major competition, but after visiting this place, HARRAHS HAS NO COMPETITION AT ALL! 
1) I thought that it was 21 and up. So many little kids running around to the point where you can barely even walk through the arcade section. Good luck trying to get on a game because little kids will completely take over. This place is just a nicer looking Chuckee Cheese.
2) I ordered the classic cheeseburger and the waitress asked how I wanted it cooked and I said medium. It took about an hour for our food to arrive and the meat patties where definitely precooked and frozen. 
3) I will give this place 2 stars because our waitress was really nice and sweet and made sure that we were taken care of.Small compared to other locations I've been to. Service was great, Terry was amazing and very upbeat! The food I ordered wasn't. Overall it's a great addition to the city of New Orleans. Cheers!I'm more of a review reader than I am a review poster, but I felt like this shitty experience should be shared... For starters we went to Dave and Busters on a limb because we just wanted to converse, eat, and drink in a not so congested space (like on bourbon) (me, my 2 cousins, and older sister are here celebrating my 21st birthday). For starters we did sit AROUND the bar area, not at the bar but a booth. We sat and looked at the menus for approximately 20 or so minutes until a server finally came to the table to ask if we would like anything to drink... as a new/but experienced drinker I ordered a water to start and also informed her we were ready to order. She rudely suggested she get our waters first and she would return shortly... she's taking everyone's order and didn't write a single thing down (maybe she's good like that I say to myself, but apparently not because my food came out WRONG) when she comes back everyone orders and then it was down to me... I stuck my neck out (because I usually wouldn't order such a menu item from here) but I ordered the sirloin steak MEDIUM.. MEDIUM people, when it arrived to the table (we still didn't have silverware) I could look at the steak and tell it was well done... not only did the plate not have any pink but it didn't have any rue or juices from the steak at all, but me being me I still waited on the silverware to cut it and be sure... low and behold the steak was well done and tough as shit, so I go to get the attention of our server and I do apologize for being difficult ( even tho she didn't seem to care and I was far from difficult, I mean I asked for my steak a certain temp) and asked if I could just get an order of wings instead with a mild or buffalo sauce, so she kinda snatched my plate from me and went to put the order in I suppose (no would you like fries, blue cheese, nothing) so I say whatever I'll wait on the little dry ass wings and just eat whatever she brings... long story short I paid $12.11 for some wings I could have cooked in the microwave (Tyson's) and VERY VERY VERY horrible service... I'm not sure if this should represent the location as a whole, but when the experience was this shitty I wouldn't doubt it... just go to bourbon where you can barley hear yourself think.. the homeless are more comforting than our rude ass server..Service and food was meh. For such a big establishment, I would expect higher quality servers. Our server was clearly inconvenienced by us being there and showed it from the moment we sat down until the moment we cashed out our check. Our drinks remained empty most of the meal, and our server only checked on us once before we were finished eating.  He brought the check without asking if we needed to split it and shoved it in my friends face and said "here"
As we were walking in, a guy was leaving and said dont do it.  They will take all your money and you will still leave hungry. I wish we would have listened to him.  I ordered a fried chicken sandwich and the breast didnt even cover the whole bun. The boyfriend ordered chicken tenders and they were smaller than the local  popular fast food restaurants. 
In the past I have loved Dave and Busters; the food and the atmosphere.  After this visit, I would rather spend my money someplace else.45 minutes in and still no beer. 
20 minutes in and 200 "credits" done. 
Food is awful, games cost a fortune and I can't even get a beer to dull the pain. 
Just say no.This place is horrible customer service was terrible , the restroom were filthy like it doesn't get clean for hours, most of the workers are very rude, and our server tried to overcharge us, and she wasn't trained properly. I feel like this place needs to be shut down, or someone call the health inspector. Finally, they didn't explained to us how the Thursdays' game deal special works so I feel like they're ripping people out of their money.