Very late-travel day dinner for our small group of uninformed travelers. What a pleasant surprise.
Instead of the usual bread and butter pre-meal nosh, the geniuses at Deanie's serve perfectly cooked whole (steamed? boiled?) red potatoes! Creamy and ever so slightly spicy and very addictive!
If you are fortunate to be informed that CRAB NACHOS are on the menu that day, get them! Absolutely the best nachos of all time. Served on fresh homemade potato chips!! 'nuff said 
I wanted to try something completely new for me and had the spinach salad which is served with a generous portion of fried oysters on top. Glad I ordered it. It was a taste of the region and quite delicious. Plus, nothing that I would regret when going to bed not-so-much later.
We were lucky to be seated without a reservation (9pm-ish). Throughout the rest of our stay in NOLA, Deanie's was pretty much packed.Our first meal on our first trip to NOLA was at Deanie's. I wasn't sure what to expect, but is was a delicious quartet of fried goodness. I got the crawfish quartet, while my hubs opted for the crab quartet. My first time with crawfish, but I thought everything was great! I think next time I would do the crawfish and crawfish balls broiled tho- everything fried was a little much. Our first rodeo with soft shelled crab was interesting. Us Yankees had to ask the waiter how to eat it, but he was so sweet- no laughing (at least to our faces). The line was longish when we arrived, but they get things moving very quickly. We waited 5 min max before being seated. Would def recommend!Service wasn't pleasant. I told my server that the crawfish was really salty all she said was oh ok. Anyways I'm never coming back here overpriced and service sucks.We had a blast here. Came in for a bite to eat & ended up staying three hours. Those darn Zombies lol! The barbecue shrimp was tasty. Not the best I've had but certainly not bad at all. 
We ate at the bar where they thankfully serve a full menu as the wait can get extreme. The bartenders were all outstanding. I can recommend this place if you are looking to watch an LSU game, drink good strong NO drinks & have a fabulous time. 
Don't forget to ask for some of the complimentary spicy boiled potatoes while you're at the bar. Beats peanuts any day of the week, hands down.This place had it going on. The BBQ shrimp was great! Looks like alot of fried foods here. Not a fan of friedFresh seafood. Definitely worth the wait. The fried shrimp poboy was great packed full of deliciously prepared shrimp.  The Spinach salad topped with fried oysters was fantastic.   Friendly staff and nice ambianceI came to New Orleans for my cousin's wedding and this is the first place I ate with my family. The man who drove us from the airport to our hotel recommended it to us and I'm glad he did. It was less than a 5 minute walk from our hotel. 
You can tell this place gets packed on the regular because we waited about 25 minutes to be seated on a Thursday night. It's spaced out well and there is plenty of seating.
Service was honestly great. They are all very attentive and although it was very busy, they had so many people working that they were able to manage it well. Our server was very friendly and she came to our table at least 5 times though out our dinner. She also gave us suggestions and there is really not a single complaint I can make about her service.
Before you order, they bring these really good red potatoes that they cook in the same water they use for boiling crab and they are seasoned with the same seasoning that is used on some of the seafood. These potatoes were definitely unique from any I've had before and a cool change from having bread before a meal. 
For my meal, I ordered the combo dinner that brought charbroiled oyster, shrimp and catfish. You also have the option to have it fried, which I think would've been better but it's okay. It also comes with a plate of fries, a little coleslaw, cocktail sauce and tarter sauce. All this seafood was just what I was looking for and the meal as a whole hit the spot.
Overall, I have to give this place 4/5 stars because even though the quality of the food isn't amazing (3 or 4 stars), they make up for it with the price, quantity, and service. If you're in New Orleans and looking for a good place to stuff yourself with seafood without breaking your pocket, then come here. If I ever visit New Orleans again, I will definitely come back.Everytime i go to New Orleans i have to go here. The carrot souffle and the crab claws app if my favorite.Pretty good food. Fair price. Great lunch menu too.  
Probably best within budget and taste. Specially for family.Visiting Nola obviously meant getting deep fried seafood and boiled crawfish. 
We went during the middle of dinner service and didn't have to wait. Seeing that it was the middle of jazz festival, we thought it would be packed. 
The service was good and our waitress was pretty funny.
The fatties and I ordered gumbo, crab and corn chowder (probably one of the best I've ever had) 2 lbs of boiled crawfish and the half seafood platter. And the seasoned potatoes that they bring out before the meal really hit the spot. Although, I think I ate one too many of those potatoes. We all needed to be rolled out of there.
Clean hand freak note- they give you a bowl of HOT lemon water to clean your fingers and take away some of the crabby stink that lingers on your fingertips. Lurved that... =)Trying to give 5 Stars here!! Wait Staff Loves You Back here.
It takes too long between Order and Eating. Bar Service is the Best!! Kitchen must prioritize Bar Orders? Fairly Priced and a Great Bloody Mary!! Famous for their Fried Food and Generous Portions.It was our final stop on not being able to decide where to eat on our last day in NO for Lunch.  Our choices were Luke's for THE Burger, back to Redfish Grill for the amazing BBQ oysters (this time on a po-boy) or Deanies for the BBQ shrimp of which we watched Adam from Man vs Food THAT morning eat and drool over the shrimp. This place a has a great vibe.  Fresh, updated, clean, cold and a great escape from the nastiness of  Bourbon Street. 
I said final stop because we ate ALL of them!!!  Screw it!!  there is such little time and so many great things to eat in NO so you better eat small portions in as many places as possible because the flavors are to die for!
We sat at the bar after not obviously no being really hungry.  I was only going to order the shrimp but the flamed grilled oysters were calling me.  "eat me eat me" they said.  So I did!  Then these huge shrimp swimming in spiced herb butter came with a loaf of crispy French bread.  Not sure what was better the shrimp or dipping the bread in this buttery pan of deliciousness.  Then washed down by an ice cold Heferweisen.  Talk about how good that was.   Holy Crap was I in Heaven.
Then as two idiots would have it we walked to Café du Monde for coffee and beingets as though we didn't have enough already.  Like I said gotta get in as much as possible if the stay is short.  Later we went back to the hotel for a quickie (we were too full) and a nap before going to GW Fins for another Fantastic Meal.I ordered the seafood sampler it wasn't bad at all. First off they give really large portions so that helps when your extremely hungry. I would visit this place again but I wouldn't highly recommend it to a friend that came to visit.All I can say is 5 stars.  Just the best seafood I've ever probably had. I'd go on and on about how great it all was, but the food, the staff, the experience, was just excellent. Enough said, go eat there now!!!!!!!!A poorly thought out restaurant policy ruined what should have been a wonderful event dinner by splitting us up among multiple tables for no apparent reasonThe wait was long but was to be expected because the essence festival was in town.  The food was like THE McDonalds of New Orleans and So was the service‍Awesome!  Nice staff , clean , easy to find. We were seated right away with a smile. We got the crawfish lunch special and mate special both were awesome and large for a lunch special!  Would Definitely Go Again , No Too Bad Prices ....This Place Makes YOU Feel At HomeLove this place! No complaints, everything had flavor. We had the soup sampler with crawfish étouffée, seafood gumbo and chicken and broccoli. The platter is catfish and shrimp.Ate their tonight for about the 5th time ever. Always a NOLA go-to. It's not the best but it's always good. You'll walk away stuffed (rich food in large portions). Tonight, I went with variety and had broiled oysters on the half shell, seafood okra gumbo, and a salad with bacon and fried oysters. I am about 190 lbs and thought I was gonna explode--I was so full. It was good. My family loves their food too. A tad pricey but it's definitely a staple when we visit New Orleans. The service is amazing and the food is dependable.Yeah this surprised the heck out of me. I went in for a bit of takeout, fiending for anything from the deep blue (or brown, depending on where they're fishing). Now this next tidbit is partially my fault because I should've quality checked before I walked out of the restaurant. 
I ordered a seafood platter with a baked potato instead of fries. After getting my food back to work, I was disappointed to find no potato to speak of anywhere in the plate or bag. Again, I probably would've hightailed it back to the restaurant and made a fuss about it, but I was already half frozen and it would've taken too long without my ride taking me there. I had a good sized order of coleslaw so I wasn't too upset since I still had a side. 
Sad to say, but it doesn't get better from there. Said coleslaw was one of the worst offerings of slaw I've ever tasted. The shrimp in my platter wasn't any better and the only saving grace of this entire trip was its catfish counterpart, which was very good. What happened, Deanie's? Did I catch you during training day? I've had very good experiences in the past with both this location and the bucktown location, but this was a big letdown to my seafood-loving taste-buds.We can't move. Send help! The food was soooo good! The portions are huge. Come well rested because you will eat yourself sleepy!
Jumbo shrimp were excellent huge pile of shrimp and oysters and friendly staff!I was dying for boiled crawfish or we wouldn't have waited the hour in line. Teh food and service were good but the wait with many people sitting on a tile floor was not pleasant.Went there twice while in N.O. Had an oyster po boy, hugh split it with my wife and I ordered a plate of calamari and it was the best ever, the four of us licked the plate. Second visit I had Gumbo and another order of calamari, this thime the calamari was chewy, after we had eatin a few the cook came out with another plate full which just as good a the first time we went there, beats me how he knew but he said he didn't like the looks of the 1st plate.Heard a lot about this place but turned out to be more of a tourist destination! Nothing special about it at all. Fried seafood mixed with some Cajun items. Service was not great! Our waitress punched the order in wrong and hit the "fried" button on the Grilled Chicken Sandwich we ordered. The manager brought us our food and when he found out the order was wrong he said, "Well she punched the fried button" like it was our fault or something? When he realized we weren't going to take the item they punched in wrong and that we wanted it the way we ordered it, he quickly went back to the kitchen to start the order over. Not impressed with this place at all. Don't have to go back.I was in a hurry and this place did the trick. Got in and got out pretty quickly by eating at the bar and the service was good. Crawfish etouffee was OK but it got better after dumping a bunch of hot sauce in it.Excellent fish (blackened grouper) but watch out for the "Market Price."  I was shocked to discover my fish cost $35, nearly double what most items with listed prices cost.  Be careful!!!i. will. come. here. every. single. time. i. ever. come. to. new. orleans!!!! 
from now until the end of eternity periodWhere to start?
First the GOOD
One star is the lowest rating.
Ok Now the BAD
The restaurant was maybe half full - yet diners were kept waiting in the bar for a table to become available.
The bar service was agonizingly slow.  The drinks were big - yet very weak and sugary.
So finally to the table - it took another 20 minutes to have a waiter finally come to our table.  We asked politely twice.  Third time we asked for a manager.  Which was largely pointless.  
Waitress: "Whatcha want"....
The food is simply awful, bland and overcooked.
How this place is EVER recommended by cab drivers is beyond me.  You would get much better seafood and service at Long John Silvers at 2am on a Saturday.
I have never written a review this negative on any site.  Avoid if at all possible.If you are visiting for a short period of time, definitely stop by Deanies! After a long day of traveling for work, this was a nice way to end the day with local fare. I had a simple side salad with AMAZING sweet fig and balsamic vinaigrette (house made) , the DELICIOUS  appetizer portion (5-6 jumbo) bbq shrimp (comes with a sub size baguette) with a glass of Pinot Grigio. I'll admit the shrimps were somewhat difficult to peel but it's worth it in the end. I will definitely be back to try some of the dishes I've eyed at other tables if not get the same thing.Loved the soft shelled crab and the Bloody Mary with lots of "salad." Fantastic lunch spot!The service was great but the food was disappointing. Everything needed salt and generally lacked flavor. There are many other better places to go than this. The soft shell crab tasted like a dirty aquarium smells. The only reason they're getting two stars is because our waitress was great and our dessert was good.Good?  we went twice in three days, does that tell the story. We had the boiled pizza, the bbq shrimp and the flounder (i would pass on the flounder- just ok).  This is a touristy place, but what do you expect?  Not commanders palace so don't expect it. 
loud, busy and hustling.  Little to no wait either time.  The mounds of fried fish must be popular cause we saw lots of them leave the kitchen.  Loved the potatoes when you sit down -nice flavor and touch all at once.  a bit high priced but what in NOLA isn't? 
we did a comparision of the grilled oysters from Acme, Felix and Deanies.  Deanies comes in 3rd. Sorry.  no contest Acme wins.
Would go back in a heartbeat.  Good solid place to eat.Don't want to rag on this place, but the food was just not good at all. We  stopped in for a snack & got the calamari which was greasy & lukewarm. My boyfriend got a burger. I find it hard to believe that anyone can mess up a burger but my boyfriend, who is not a picky eater to begin said it was under par so it had to be bad. He also noted the bun was soggy. One semi-good/ interesting thing was the seasoned boiled potatoes they serve you. They were alright. Sorry Deanie's ... Not a fan.Liked the boiled potatoes but they were stone cold so the butter didn't melt on them. Server was nice. Got the gumbo and half seafood platter. I knew that soft-shell crabs were out of season so I really should have avoided it and I was correct. They were flavorless. The fried shrimp and catfish were delicious, but the oysters were fried a little too hard for me and I didn't care for the crawfish dressing balls at all. Something about the texture just didn't do it for me. Gumbo was only fair, but we actually only had one decent bowl while in the entire city. I just think my kids are spoiled with my recipe which is loaded with seafood, okra and sausage.
I would return for the fried shrimp. Also liked the tartar sauce and cole slaw. Had a huge plate of leftovers that we gave to 2 homeless gentlemen so our lunch served 4 people. Love to get my money's worth!DO NOT RECOMMEND. They are
RUDE , SEXIST, AND UNACCOMMODATING. Came in with a party of 9 and were told to "we dont have a table for yall wait over there " with a slight attitude. The place had decent reviews so that was fine. While waiting we decided to check out the "casino" which is really a corner with 3 mini slots. Came back to the waiting area and another lady approached us stating my male friend is not allowed without sleeves . This was not
told to us by the host when we walked
in. I approached the host asking where does it state that to which she replied "it doesnt say that and its a family business we can make our own rules". I pointed out ladies dining without sleeves to which she stated "it only applies to men" . I inquired as to why and she said "its a family business we can do what we want". That sounds sooooo SEXIST and DUMB . THEN We waited all that time only for them to try to seat us at separate tables. We left and went to the "Creole House" restaurant . There was barely a wait and the employees  were very nice and accommodating to our needs. This is an example of another black owned business that does not know how to properly treat their customers. If your gonna have "rules" like that invest in a sign so that u dont waste other peoples' time.Deanie's is the New Oreans equivalent to a fish farm, wher massive amounts of fried water creatures are plattered on your table to feed groups of four or more.  You can try dining alone or with one other, but you'll be taking some home.Ok those potatoes they start off DELICIOUS!!!  I would take those potatoes over bread any day!  I ordered the BBQ shrimp it was so tasty and I loved it, but be prepared to get messy...real messy!!!!  All that mess was worth it though!
The group I was with ordered 1lb of crawfish and they loved it...the waitress was even nice enough to show us how to eat them correctly!  Another one of my friends ordered the half seafood plater and it was HUGE!  The portions here are so big so go here hungry!!!
Great place, unique decor, and wonderful atmosphere!  Did I mention the service was wonderful!!!
Thanks to the waiter at Huck Finn;s for recommending this place!!So. I came in with two other people and told was an hour wait. And hour and half later, over 7 groups were seated before us. Mind you, the person seating them knew them by name and laughed and talked with them
Before seating them out of turn. I've been coming here for years and never received this type of service. Very disappointed in them tonight.We had wonderful service which was impressive since we were there just after Superbowl and Mardi Gras! BBQ Shrimp were awesome (if you don't know how to peel shrimp don't order them and complain!) My significant other had the crawfish quartet, he was very impressed with 3 of the offerings, noting that you could get the deep fried ones anywhere.We are ONLY giving this a four because it was a little expensive for our taste- but everything was delicious. This was our first stop in New Orleans. Our waiter was SO nice & helpful. We had charbroiled oysters, the crawfish étouffée, and the crawfish quartet. We got sooooo much food. It was great!!! Definitely recommend.Just arriving into New Orleans, our cab driver highly  recommended Deanies so we decided to give it a try. We were immediately impressed as soon as we walked in the door as we were promptly greeted and sat right away. Surprised by the boiled potatoes we were given to start, we enjoyed every single bite. I never thought I would rave about potatoes,  but I still cannot stop thinking about them. 
We ordered both raw and charbroiled oysters, both were equally delicious but the charbroiled oysters were by far the best I ever had. We only wished they had provided a little more bread to soak all of the remaining sauce left. We also ordered the crab au gratin, which was only disappointing because it was different than what we had expected it to be. This dish was more of a fondue than an au gratin and it definitely would have been complete with more bread or vegetables or starch to compliment it. Regardless,  it was still pretty great. 
Service was warm and friendly, efficient and well-timed. If we lived in New Orleans,  Deanies would definitely be a regular restaurant to visit for us!Really good food, great crawfish combo meal and fried seafoods.  One of our favorite places in town so far.  Redfish signature dish was great as well.  Will definitely be back.Tried Deanie's Seafood for the first time. We arrived prior to the usual dinner time so had no trouble getting in and being seated in no time.
I had the stuffed crab meal. It was well prepared, served hot and tasted like it should. It comes with french fries and cole slaw.
The other person had Etouffee which was good as well. It came with french bread and a forgettable salad.
The service was attentive but not smothering. The restaurant seemed to be clean and updated.
We were able to get the IPA beer we wanted and was pleasantly surprised to see that they have Red Gold ketchup on the tables.
Recommend it.Probably a 3 1/2.  Got seafood combo to go, see picture.  Oysters good, not great, service fair, gumbo not so great (but ample on sea food).This was my first visit to Nola and this was the first restaurant I dined at , the  hotel attendant recommended it and I most say it was delicious, I loved it, the bbq shrimp is a most have as an appetizer or main course and the half seafood platter is enough for three to share and you can taste the flavor of the food with each bite I can tell it is freshly made, our waiter was really friendly, the wait was alittle lengthy but it was sure worth it plus it was a Saturday night, this place is excellent in my book a great place for first time visitors like myself to get a quality tasting bite to eat during your stay in Nola I will definitely visit again when I return. They earned my businessTHAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN!!!!!
So I visited the restaurant after a Pelican vs Cavaliers game upon the suggestion of a friend. I hadn't heard any good or bad regarding the place so I had an open mind. We get there and the wait isnt TOO bad for a post game night. We are seated in the back with a view of the kitchen and we have SEVERAL moments before we get a server to assist us. Well our waitress comes, introduces herself, takes our drink orders and gets them. We are ready to order when she brings them back and it takes about 20 min for our food  to come out. 
During our wait, we get these boiled potatoes that were apparently boiled in the crab/shrimp water to give it a spicy cajun flavor. Well maybe our potatoes made it to the regular water because they were bland. Not to mention the dirty plates that accompanied them to the table. We had them replaced with MORE DIRTY PLATES. and just said... forget it. We dont need plates. (-_-)
When the food comes out, it looked like it would taste good. BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECEIVING. My friend ordered the catfish platter and there was ABSOLUTELY NO FLAVOR TO IT. It was fried nicely, very flaky and tasteless. NO SALT, PEPPER, CAJUN OR CREOLE SPICES, NO SEASONED BATTER. NOTHING!!! I know alot of restaurants remove seasoning due to people with blood pressure problems etc, but that was ridiculous. 
I ordered the barbecue shrimp pasta. The shrimp were big and fresh but the pasta sauce was just OK. Didnt remind me of NOLA. Maybe like Chili's. If that! 
BUT THE KICKER CAME when my friend ordered the stuffed crab. The dressing inside the crab shell was actually tasty. She's pleased. While eating her fries, she notices a piece of yellow paper. After rearranging her food, she sees its a food ticket/receipt. She signals a man over and asks if he is the manager. He says yes and asked how he could help. She says, I noticed something in my food. THIS MAN APOLOGIES AND STICK HIS DAMN HAND INTO HER PLATE TO GRAB THE RECEIPT OUT OF THE FOOD. He then reads the food ticket to confirm it was the order on our table and again apologized, removed her food from our bill and walked off. My eyes are so big at this point that I'm CERTAIN I am about to lose a contact lens. DID THAT REALLY JUST HAPPEN?  HE STUCK HIS FINGERS INTO HER PLATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
By now we were beyond over the experience and ready to leave. But it took our waitress forever to be located, let alone print our receipts and take payment. Drinks werent refilled, no courtesy check on how we where doing or if we needed anything. Just terrible. I DONT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. Shouldve went to Popeyes.Why did I listen to the concierge? ARRRGGGHHH!!!! I should have known better!!! This restaurant's not even listed in our Zagat book nor did I read about it on Chowhound. I obviously came prepared for our N'Awlins Food Fest but did not even heed my own well-laid out plans!!!
Anyhoo, this restaurant's in the French Quarter - very close to ACME Oyster (review coming shortly).
Our server highly recommended her fave dish - the stuffed shrimp with crabmeat filling. I ordered it broiled but she heard fried and it came prepared this way. It tasted like fried mush. Actually, it had very little seasoning. My husband had 1/2 dozen oysters and the crab au gratin. The oysters, according to him, were bland - despite the parmesan cheese topping. The crab au gratin was just a sea of cheese and sour cream? with bits of crab. Ewwwww...
I just don't understand why some restaurants think all they have to do is fry something and it'll be tasty. NOT!You won't be let down! A little out of the way but worth the walk. Classic seafood done right. Our table tried fried shrimp, oysters, catfish, and salmon all cooked perfectly. We will be back again.Went here for a quick sampling of some of their specialties. Say at the bar. We tried the gumbo, chargrilled oysters, side salad, and a Po Boy with half shrimp and half crawfish. Husband liked the gumbo. I really loved the chargrilled oysters. Salad was fresh; my husband noted the sandwich was good, but nothing spectacular. Bartender was very nice and helpful.I had the Crawfish eToufee and their Bar B Que  Head large Shrimp  yummy. They both are a must try!!!
The restaurant from the look of it outside wouldn't think how elegant the inside is. My waitress was detailed about the menu choices. I could tell she knew that menu in and out. Even told us the day market prices! Almost every table I saw others ordering the fried platter. Instead of giving us bread  n butter for starters like most restaurants they give delicious mini baked potatoes n butter . What's crazy I don't even eat baked potatoes  .Gets four stars because of atmosphere. Nice diner experience, and good customer service. No tank tops allowed boys. Got the half seafood platter and coconut bread pudding. Tons of food, had to take leftovers back to the hotel. The catfish was the best along with the shrimp. Not a fan of the oysters. Dish also came with stuffed crab and crawfish balls.I really liked this restaurant for many reasons.  1. Our waitress was hilarious. 2. The New Orleans pride was all over the place, especially in relation to football. 3. It was the first time I have ever seen a toilet with an automatic shifting toilet cover.
The main reason why I love it was it definitely did not disappoint my first eating experience in a culinary city.  My sister and I started out with stuffed oysters and we finished out with some crawfish.A step back in time. Eating at Deanies is like eating in New Orleans during the 1950s - and that is a good thing. The restaurant is on the edge of the French Quarter which usually means no wait for a table. The staff is attentive and the food is good. Instead of bread, they serve hot cajun red potatoes and butter when you sit down. The room itself is 1950s chrome and decor - including a chain of ceiling fans connected with pulleys to a central motor.very good but they did not serve sweet tea which is part of the southern heritage...I honestly would give this place a 3.5 stars mainly for the good food and drinks for dinner.
We went here on a Saturday night and waited ~45 minutes to get seated, which is expected on a weekend evening. The hostesses were nice and pleasant, and recommended hanging out at the bar to get some drinks while we waited.
Since we had a large party of 10 people, we were split up into 3 tables. Two tables had a male waitor and my table had a female waitress. At this point, we were starving from waiting so long. The waitor served the other two tables the free potatoes and got their drink orders right away. Our waitress took 15 minutes to serve our drinks and didn't bring out the potatoes.
Our table ordered our appetizers along with our entrees. When the food was brought out, it was missing the order of oysters on the half shell. We had to confirm with our server if the oysters were still coming out and he checked for us. Ten minutes after, it came out last (even though it's an appetizer...)
Besides the questioning service, the food was sooo good. The oysters were juicy and fresh and the boiled crawfish was delicious. I am gluten-free and per the hostess, any fried seafood on the menu can be boiled and made gluten-free.
I would recommend coming here during lunch when it's less crowded and hopefully when there's better service.We had lunch at Deanies today. It was terrific. The catfish is light and. Risky without a greasy feel. The fish tasted clean and fresh. 
The charbroiled oysters were piping hot, garlicky, cheesy delish!decent food and decent price (given it's prime tourist location).
be aware, even on a small party of two, the snaky servers will add 20% gratuity to the check without notification.My first time here at Deanie's seafood and is was awesome. I'm visiting from Atlanta so I have been eating my away through N.O. I had mother's yesterday but Deanie's Po'boys are the best I've had. The biggest plus was my server Melissa. She was so wonderful and pleasant. I will be come back for the Po'boys and Melissa's service.My husband and I have eaten here numerous times. We love this place. The portions are ridiculous so unless you are someone who can eat a crap load of food in one setting, I suggest sharing a platter. My husband I ordered a HALF seafood platter and it was PLENTY of food for two people. We didn't even eat all of that. It included catfish, crab cakes, crawfish balls, and oysters. We're not oyster eaters so we usually sub the oysters for other items. Overall, we have been pleased with every visit and definitely recommend eating here while visiting NOLA. 
P. S. share a platter lol! It is a lot of food.Our order -Sea food gumbo( I have had better gumbo)
Half Sea food platter ( good for 3-4 ppl, a bit pricy 35$)
BBQ shrimp( my favorite) went back to this place to have BBQ shrimp. One of my NOLA favorites...I would say it's a must try of NOLA...
Ambience - it's nice. Really busy as any other famous places in French quarter. 
The food was 5star the first time I came here,  that was 3 years ago. However, this time I felt it was more like 3.5....Don't let the line scare you away.  It actually moves very quickly.  I think we waited maybe 15 mins and we were like the 15th group in line.  We ordered the catfish platter, the shrimp platter and the stuffed shrimp platter.  My catfish platter was broiled and delicious.  I didn't like that it was swimming in butter but it's the south so what can I say.  It was tasty and plentiful.  They forgot to bring my fries but that was ok.  The husband had fried with his and he said they were cold.  He loved his shrimp platter however.  The kid had the stuffed shrimp and she said it was very good.  our favorite thing was actually the potatoes that they bring to the table instead of bread.  I could have eaten those all night!  They were flavorful with a little kick to them.  I would go back just for that.Be aware when you order drinks from the bar you may be charged for more that what the menu says.... I was charged for ordering a drink on rocks... They literally charged me for the "rocks".Went with a group of 22and we had a reserved room. The service ease really good even with our large number. The food is more for the tourists than for the foodie nothing extraordinary just good creole food. The portion are huge tho!
Overall good place to have a diner and relax. The main room is quite noisy.Desided to check this place out after hearing it was the best. We went for lunch. The food was awesome no complaints there. The crab nachos were to die for!  However, the service was just ok a little below standards especially for how much it is. They had a lunch menu but it was not offered to us and we did not even know about it until we saw the person next to us order off of it. Also we sat our whole meal with dishes from our apps piled in front of us. A little disappointed with the service but food was good.Last year, NOLA disappointed our palates with some of the popular restaurants everyone says "you have to try".  Well, between Deanie's and Dooky Chase this year, we hit the jackpot!
Instead of a traditional bread basket, you get a bowl of steamed, spicy, red new potatoes.  Really?  Yeah.  What a way to start a meal.  The seafood platter for one could feed a small country.  Everything fried was done to perfection.  The battering is a light cornmeal.  I had the char-broiled oysters - hello scrumptious.  I wish I got the dozen instead of the half.
We waited about 40 minutes for our table, but it was well worth it.  Acme had a line a block long and what I would suspect was longer than 40 minutes.  So glad we went to Deanies.  It is now on our NOLA must-eat list.Oh Baby!! This place was yummy! I was looking for a good "Mom and Pop" restaurant with some authentic cajun fried seafood from New Orleans.......this place was just that! Excellent southern hospitality!  We ordered this huge platter that came with catfish, jumbo shrimp, oysters, stuffed oysters, stuffed shrimp, fries, onion rings that was served over a huge loaf of toasted buttery garlic bread split in two! Let's just say. we had a a blast just watching each other enjoying this wonderful mountain of seafood bliss! (No, I am not over exaggerating) LOLOL!!Line was long and there was really no where to wait and once seated the service was slow. You do get a large amount of food but nothing really stood out. Not sure that we'd go back again..I was disappointed in the catfish and shrimp combo. There was a lack of seasoning/flavor with the catfish. Maybe a bit to earthy tasting for my palate. Also be prepared to wait for at least 1 hr to be seated on weekends.Thank you Adam Richmond.  The barbeque shrimp was one of the best seafood dishes i've ever had.  It comes with a toasted mini baguette that soaked up that amazing sauce with.  The coconut custard bread pudding was really good too.  We went back two days in a row for shrimp! Highly recommended!Don't wait in line!!! CALL AHEAD during the day and ask about the current wait time.  On a Friday night, the wait was two hours. On Sunday at noon, no wait at all. The food is everything you've heard about . . . this place is a treasure!Some of the best I've ever ever had. No matter how long the line gets they always seem to seat people within a understanding wait time. The food is always A+ and fresh, each person that has served my tables is always nice. I try to eat here every chance I get.I ordered the seafood platter with sweet potato fries. The seafood was great. The sweet potato fries were cold and taste like they were sitting out for a while. The long line moved pretty fast. The service was okay. She was friendly and honest, but not necessarily professional. The seafood was perfectly seasoned.Get the shrimp BBQ. it's a big place and tables are setup nicely. Nine dinner. Big menu. I highly recommend.The fried oysters were great, fried artichokes delicious, and the fried catfish and shrimp pretty damn good. If you're looking for fried seafood in the FQ, this is a good bet. Many locals as well as a few tourists like us.
One note was that we sat at the bar next to Ed Reed, a famous football player who had just won the Superbowl (had no idea who he was, had to look it up, lol). The waitstaff at the bar were surly to everyone except Reed, and doted on him. One waiter really overstepped and invited Reed to a party, which was inappropriate. I wasn't thrilled with the overall service experience, but the atmosphere is chill and our food came out hot and fast, so that's something.My friends and I were referred to Deanie's on our last day in NOLA by a local. He claimed that they had some of the best seafood in the city. He seemed like he knew what he was talking about so we decided to give it a shot.
When we got there, the first thing I noticed is that it looks like a chain restaurant (Joe's Crab Shack, Applebee's, etc.). I have no idea if Deanie's is unique to NOLA, but it just didn't seem to fit in The French Quarter. It looked like it would be better in one of the suburbs. 
I ordered broiled flounder stuffed with crab meat dressing. It was pretty good. I had a side salad with zucchini, squash, and eggplant. My friends ordered the catfish which was just alright and crawfish. I didn't try the crawfish, but my friend said that they were not very good and was disappointed because she had been looking forward to eating crawfish on our trip. We each ordered cocktails. Mine was really tart because it had a lot of pineapple in it. It wasn't the worst drink ever, but it was just mediocre. The server was nice and attentive and they give you large portions, but overall I wasn't very impressed with this place.It was good.  And you can get in without a reservation.  it may be a bit cheaper than the named restaurants in NOLA, but I can't say $35 entrees are cheap.  the food comes to you lava hot, so beware.  I am happy I went.This was the best food I had in New Orleans, I went back twice.  For New Orleans to be a food town, I had some horrible food my first few days in the city, but this place was during my last few days and it was great.  I went 5/31 and 6/1
First, the service was outstanding.  My first time was on a saturday night and it was EXTREMELY crowded.  I dont know if its because its a tourist area and they want to make sure they arent saving tables for people who arent there but they make you give them your ID and they hold on to it in exchange for a pager.  Never seen nor had to do that before.  The bar was equally crowded with people waiting for tables or people dining.  They told me it would be a 45- hour wait, but I was able to snag a bar seat after about 10-15 minutes.  Jessica behind the bar is great. She was attentive and offered great suggestions when I asked.  She even remembered me the next day when I came back, which is a surprise giving all the tourist I know she must see but it just speaks to the great service.  I was also seated near the station where the woman who makes drinks strictly for the restaurant.  I didnt catch her name but she was equally helpful and nice since we were in such close proximity, wish I had caught her name but she recommended this cake type thing, idk was it was a... a pudding cake??? Anyway I got almond it was sooooo good. 
Now the food.  First, this was the best gumbo I had in New Orleans.  It was the one that tasted most like all of the gumbo I had eaten in my life.  It was so good, so very very very good. lol I got a cup the first day and a bowl the next.  I also ordered the crab quartet. It came with fried soft shell crab, fried crab claws, crab au gratin and stuffed crab.  My favorite were the fried crab claws.  It was easy to get to the crab meat and I got a lot of them.  This was my first time having soft shell crab.  This is not the restaurants fault I am just not a fan.  I didnt like chewing the shell. The crab au gratin was my second fav it was very rich though, I definitely would have liked a vegetable to balance that out.  Finally the stuffed crabbed was good as well just very bready not enough crab but good.
I also got some type of mojito very very good.  I just had a great meal and great time here which is why I ended up returning.  It is definitely worth the wait if you go on a busy night, when I returned on Sunday at 5 it wasnt crowded at all.   This place is worth checking out.Great choice for good, fresh, well prepared New Orleans style seafood! Consistent food, reasonable prices and good portion sizes. Probably the best casual restaurant in the Quarter.
If you're alone, eat at the bar, great bartenders, friendly, courteous and good drinks too!
Favorites: the crab quartet, gumbo, boiled shrimp and the incredible seafood saladFantastic! Bring friend, order the seafood platter, and enjoy.  Be ready to fight over the soft-shelled crabsRecommended to us by a bartender (Brad from Double Play). 
Super friendly server covering her friends section
Quick drinks. 
Potato balls instead of bread
So much food.The food wasn't great. Did not like the taste or presentation of the dish I ordered and they refused to take it back. The manager didn't even come to the table to express this. SUCKS MAJOR to pay for something you didn't eat. Not recommended at ALL!Great food, easy to get to. Sat at the bar and had the Voo doo punch drink, was delicious and dangerous! Good thing they let you take the drinks to go here in New Orleans. Was a good experience and great food. Only gave 4 stars cuz the wait staff was super stressed because it was such a busy day.The one thing good was the raw oysters....which doesn't say much since nothing has to be cooked. Our food was bland and very under seasoned. Don't go.Very casual, kid friendly place.  Good service, reasonably priced.....  but nothing special about the food - which is why we go out to eat!  Gumbo, fried oyster platter, stuffed flounder - ok, not bad, nothing to write home about.Ate here on a Saturday night when in town for a conference (with my husband and 6-year-old daughter). I grew up close to New Orleans and have eaten in many of the better known restaurants in the Quarter but had never heard of this one until the concierge suggested it as kid-friendly. We had to wait about 45 minutes for a table, and there is definitely not sufficient waiting space. We wound up holding our daughter half the time because she was wiped out from the heat/humidity and was getting hungry. I also got a beer from the bar and it was in a REALLY heavy "fishbowl" type glass, which was hard to hold with no table. But it was cold and delicious and the bartender got my daughter a Sprite and crackers to help her wait. 
Once we got seated, our waiter stopped by to tell us he was slammed, but did see us and would get to us. It probably took 10+ minutes before he came back, but he was very attentive the rest of the meal. The boiled red potatoes are a great alternative to the bread basket, and we also ordered fried crawfish for an appetizer, which were good too. He was solid on recommending wines for my husband and paying attention to the kid. We all liked our food, and the waiter brought us a free appetizer (Lump Crabmeat Remoulade) as well, because of the slow start to the meal (and we hadn't complained - was a surprise that he did it). He also helped me make an entree that wasn't on the menu (I was seafooded out and wanted something different than steak). 
The same loud noise that was kind of annoying when we were hungry, tired and waiting for a table was a lot of fun during dinner - the whole place felt a bit like a party. I'd definitely recommend it to others, especially families who want somewhere not super-fancy, but that feels better than your average Applebees.Neat environment... felt like an old school diner .. but served seafood.  They bring potatoes to your table that were awesome... however, being from Texas... I typically start my meals with rolls. I ordered the sirloin and it was perfect!!!   Tender and rare, just how I like it.  The service was ok... nothing good or bad... just ok.  I would return again...This was my first trip to NOLA. The hotel recommended this place as it was deemed a local favorite. It is a warm place with friendly staff. The food did not disappoint. Personally the char grilled oysters are awesome. Pricing was on par for the area.Delicious food but slightly overpriced compared to their competitors who have equally delicious food with bigger portions. Alcohol is extremely overpriced here and unfortunately the hostess and servers were pretty rude and unpleasant both times we went here.My first meal in "The Big Easy" was at Deanie's. 
Let me tell you I was glad I went to this place-The environment, the people, the staff and most importantly the food was to die for. 
The place was very people friendly, clean, the ambiance was nice and welcoming. 
You sorta have to wait long for your buzzer to go off but believe me the wait was so worth it. 
I ordered the seafood platter which was enormous-You can  share it with at least 3 people-which there were 3 of us. 
I didn't order any alcohol beverages so I wouldn't know how the drinks are.
The next time I visit #NOLA I will definitely go back there :-)Deanie's had been recommended to us by a tour driver and he had said that this was where the locals went to eat. He must of told lots of people the same thing because we all showed up at the same time. No worries though, the wait wasn't very long and we had a seat and a cocktail at a high top that we shared with some people from Lafeyette. While at the high top I spoke with a gentleman about what he was eating and he said it was the fried stuffed shrimp. It looked amazing. We hadn't finished our drinks when the buzzer went off saying our table was ready. We invited the other couple to join us but they declined. Kylie was our server and she was very nice, helpful and courteous. She seemed to really enjoy her job and being there at Deanie's. I ordered the charbrolied oysters for a starter and Kathleen ordered the bbq shrimp. The shrimp were okay but the oysters were fantastic. Better than oysters Rockefeller. Mon femme had the redfish grilled and I had the crawfish etouffe. Both meals were delicious. Although the place was full it didn't seem crowded and the food was delivered promptly and hot. The whole meal with drinks and tip for the both of us was under $90. We had some good food and a nice place that certainly made us feel welcome.We arrived on a Sunday at 11:15am and were seated immediately. I ordered the crab nachos which were pretty good. They're made with homemade potato chips instead of tortilla chips which is slightly weird, but it was still pretty good. It's sort of like a potato au gratin with crab and crunchy potatoes lol. My husband got the catfish dinner which came with fries and coleslaw the catfish was very tender and had a nice breeding, but it wasn't super flavorful. It could've used a little more seasoning in my opinion. My friend got the half seafood platter which came with catfish, fried shrimp, soft shell crab, crawfish balls and fries. I tasted their crawfish balls and they were delicious! It reminded me deep fried ball of a crawfish dressing. My friend also got the chicken gumbo which wasn't bad, had a good flavor but not amazing. She also ordered the key lime pie which was good, the crust was kind of too thick but the pie filling was really good. 
The only drawback to the meal was that the waitress forgot to inform my friend that her seafood platter would have several extra charges for substituting things.This is absolutely the place to eat fried seafood.  The big combo platter is amazing.
However, beware of the non-fried. My bbq shrimp were overcooked to the point of almost not being able to remove the shells. A neighboring table experienced the same issue. Our waitress acknowledged the problem but offered no solutions.
The seafood pizza my wife ordered was good, not great.
The restaurant has never been busy when we've been there.Delish! Delish! Delish! The half seafood platter was loaded. More than enough for two to share. Came with fries, hush puppies, Cole slaw, crab balls, catfish, shrimp, oysters and soft shell crab. The locals eat here and I see why. Expect long waits but if you keep an eye on the bar, you can eat there for much faster service.Excellent and that's coming from a foody that's really a picky eater...we sat at the bar. The bartenders were great...Jay was our main guy...great personality.  Ordered the Voo Voo juice (had 3).  But by far...that seafood pizza with extra mozzarella was the best thing I've had in years...So freaking good I don't think I chewed but rather inhaled it...husband ordered the blackened redfish and cheddar mash potato...that was good also.  I travel a lot and this is my second review I've written...so it's comes highly recommended by me...get there earlyFound this place on a whim several years ago while visiting New Orleans. Back then it was more of a diner, just a little hole in the wall that had no wait, and smelled delicious! So we went in. Ordered up some Po'boys and I had their awesome seafood platter - which was enormous!! That was breakfast for us on that trip! 
Wanted to find them again this time around, but couldn't think of their name. When a friend suggested them as somewhere to eat, and I checked out their menu, I knew we hit the jackpot!!
The quarter is great for food!! But, you have to be careful, it can be hit or miss and that miss may just cost you a $100 for some overpriced decent food you could have gotten better somewhere else.
Things have changed a little for the restaurant, they've remodeled - which is comfy and great! And raised their prices a bit, but we figured we'd still give them a try. 
Was so glad we did!!
The red potatoes they give you - instead of bread at most places - hit the spot! Very soft and tasty! We gobbled them all!
Service was fast and friendly. Kept the refills on our teas coming!
Ordered the 1/2 seafood platter for all of us to share, some gumbo and the salad gumbo combos. Was a ton of food! And there were 4 of us.  Could have gotten by with just getting the platter and some extra plates. 
The seafood platter was even better then I remembered! Their catfish was moist and tasty! The shrimps awesome! Not a big fan of crab cakes, but theirs were good and the oysters yummy! 
Their gumbo was very tasty - didn't even need to add a ton of spice to it!
They are a little on the expensive side...but, very worth every penny!!
Will be back again next visit!! ~While on vacation in New Orleans, I went to Deanie's based on the recommendation of a local. Well, I'm glad I listened. I had the shrimp and artichoke bisque, which was FANTASTIC. (I think it was the soup of the day.) I honestly wanted to lick the bowl. For my entrée, I ordered the crab au gratin. It was good, but not what I expected. To me, it was more of an appetizer -- a cheesy dip with crab in it. My sister had the crab quartet. I feasted off her plate, as the portions were huge. The crab balls were my favorite. Of her three, I ate two! She also raved about the fried soft shell crab and fried crab claws. Our server had a pleasant attitude and was quite attentive. We left very pleased.Really good food, variety of items and huge portions! The menu has a lot of fried items though, so for us personally the one visit was enough. The seasoned potatoes that were brought to table (rather than regular bread) was a nice twist and one of my favorite things that I had! All in all, good flavor and you will definitely leave full!!!We got turned down last night bc my son had on a sleeveless shirt. My husband wanted us to give it another try tonight, so we did. No sleeveless/tank shirt for men! Even though I wasn't crazy abt trying it again, I'm glad we did! The food was delicious!!! If you're in town and looking for a family friendly restaurant try this place!This is the first time in the many years I have been coming to NO that we have eaten here. Wife ordered the stuffed shrimp. These were good but VERY spicy, she could not eat them. I like spicy food but it was at my limit. There was a lot of Food on the plate. I had the half seafood platter. OMG!, there is A LOT of food. From Clams, Oysters, shrimp, fish, 3 crawfish balls, 1 stuffed crab and came with fries and slaw. Had to bring some back to hotel because there was just a lot of food. The crab, crawfish balls and shrimp has a good deal of spices. The fish was very tender and had good flavor. Our girlfriend had the grilled chicken sandwich which was AWESOME. Overall it was a great experience except for the spices. Wife has a sensitive stomach and had we known she would have eaten a burger. If you can not handle spices then please stick to salad,  hamburger, chicken burger or any other food that is not typically spicy.
The reason I could not give 5 stars is due to the extensive delay in getting seated. It took almost 2 hours for 3 people. :-(Deanie's was suggested to us by a woman working at Maggie Moo's in Memphis.  It may have been the best restaurant recommendation of my life!!!  The wait was excruciatingly long, but it was so worth it.  It was actually so long that we left got a drink and danced at courtyard bar and still came back to wait some more. 
None of us had ever had chargrilled oysters before, and I will never forget their beautiful garlicky flavor.  The four of us (all guys with big appetites) split two of the Half Seafood Platters, one fried, one broiled.  It was a good amount of food after the appetizer and I left wanting to grab a dessert, everyone else was satisfied.  I definitely preferred the broiled platter, but they were both good.  The things that really stood out were the crawfish croquettes and the stuffed crab.  
Another star of the evening was their boiled potatoes that were cooked in shrimp boil.  I had gotten up to use the washroom and they were there when I got back.  I assumed that they were passed out like many restaurants give bread and butter.    This is a MUST try restaurant if you are in the area and like seafood.The service was awful. We were seated promptly but the waitress was very slow and inattentive. The food was cold and the seafood didn't taste the way I would expect being so close to the gulf. I will not be returning.This is the number one restaurant each time we visit NOLA.  They start you off with complimentary steamed baked red potatoes. Add butter and eat! We always get the Barbecue Shrimp. They are served with head and she'll in in a cast iron skillet, loaf of bread and in this buttery flavorful bath of heaven. Their simple house salad is good. Their platters are huge! Hubs and I shared the fried shrimp, ouster and catfish platter. Kids shared a fried shrimp platter. Everything is amazing. Never disappointed. They close at 10pm! Men have to wear sleeves shirts!!So this place is pretty awesome. The food is top notch. One of the hosts Fernando is a real gentleman and a scholar.
I ordered the Barbequed Shrimp and the seafood half platter. It was delicious.Yummy place. The étouffée was good. They bring out some potatoes that are cooked with the crawfish as a free starter. The portions are fairly big so the expensive prices are worth it.Such an overrated restaurant! Over an hour waiting time,  then finally have a seat. And found out they are out of crawfish etouffee. Disappointed. Then after another 30 minutes our food came out, and taste like.... worst New Orleans Creole food ever! Their oysters is not cold enough,  and  the seafood texture is kind of mushy. Not fresh. Not recommended final verdict.Good seafood at reasonable prices. A lot of food! And the Cajun baked potatoes they serve as appetizers were some of the best I've ever had.Just 2 blocks down the long lines of ACME, i think if you ever get stuck in that line, you just definitely trek on over to Deanie's.  They have everything ACME has, minus the Oysters, and at a lower price.
Place is big and can accomadate large parties -- a cross between a 60's dinner and a Vegas hotel restaurant. I almost expected Keno.  
Staff is EXTREMELY nice.  On the way out, seeing I was obviously not local, the cop guard at the door jokingly hassled me about carrying beer out.  Then he went on to tell a story of when he was almost arrested for drinking on the streets down in TX....a cop telling talking about being arrested :).  
Food was good and huge portions.  I ordered: 
BBQ Shrimp ($10.95 for about 8) -  a MUST try!!
Crawfish Quartet ($16) -- heeeeavy...a ok.  I could pass.  people rave about the crawfish dressing balls...i find them not that great.
Stuffed Crab (2 for $12) -- overly salty, but lots of crab in the mix, yummy overall.
I actually went back and bought to-go the next night to eat at the hotel...
Fried Softshell Crab (2 for $16) -- DELICIOUS.Fried shrimp and catfish platter was very good for lunch. We waited about 5 minutes before the waitress came by but service was good from that point forward.This restaruant is Awesome!!! It is ammust visit eatery when in or around New Orleans. I ate there this past weekend while on vacation. I look forward to eating at Deanie's every time I go to New Orleans. The portion size is incredible. The wait service is great. The atmosphere is grand.Food tasted good. Nice presentation. They served potatoes as a starter instead of bread- found that odd. Interior looked like a bar and diner and fine dining all rolled into one. Good portion sizes. Servers very polite and helpful. I had a shrimp Poboy and the shrimp was excellent but the bread was a little too hard for me.Outstanding service and food was great. Also, Bloody Mary was incredibly good! I had the soft shell crab dinner with fries. All were cooked fantastic and very tasty.Wow, so much good food. If I had to do it again, I'd skip the catfish and concentrate on just the shrimp and oysters, but great food, a lot of it, and great price!Loved my crawfish dinner and for a Friday night I personally didn't have to wait too long!Two hour wait.
Service sucked.
Food was hhhoooorrrrrible and sloppy and tasted like cheap scraps.
Fellas you can't wear tank tops. Women can wear Holter tops and sleeveless garments but men can't wear tanks. My husband had a nice leather backed tank top on and the front desk said they had to deny us service. I asked to speak to the manager. He came out and said that he couldn't make an exception because "the owner was there that day and she is strict on that one rule"
My husband whom is African American pointed to two white men who were seated and eating that had on the cheap under garment tank tops that come in a three pack at walmart. And the owner said "oh well since they are here... I'll let u come in." Had it not been for thr 2 hour wait... I would have left. 
So much for the owner supposedly being there... she clearly didn't spot the other two.
I felt that it was a potentially discriminatory rule. 
Anyways back to the food...
The crab claws were the size of crawdads claws. I felt bamboozled. 
Crab balls sucked.
Everything I tasted was between a 1 and a 2... review my picture to determine what is being reviewed.
I won't be back!!!!!! 
I am so disappointed with the TV shows that showed how great the food is here. 
The only thing that was between a 3 and 4 were the potatoes that are served before the food comes out.Over time Deanie's in the quarter has become more and more a tourist trap, far cry from the original in Camptown. 
This trip (in mid November) was the second time they had no fried oysters. They were shucking fresh oysters in plain view, makes me wonder what they use for fried oysters 
I had gumbo with maybe 3 oz of soup and 2 big crab portions, no meat in the bowl. 
Had a fried combo platter with shrimp and catfish. Catfish was good, shrimp was overcooked and very tough. 
If you are looking for mountains of fried crap, this is the place to goOur tour guide recommended this place but I don't think that he realized that they were slashing the menu options the weekend of 4th of July to reduce wait time and make the largest profit. The food was blah. The crab claws over cooked. Needless to say we were very disappointed with our experience because there was only a few items on the menu we were interested in since we came here to New Orleans for the food experience. Our waiter was just okay even though he made us wait over 20 minutes to receive our check. I could not wait to leave the place where the atmosphere was nothing like I expected it to be.Got in NOLA at around 8pm and was famished  decides to try Deanies, soft shell crab, fried crab claws, crab au gratin, seafood pizza, and one Giant seafood platter later the 7 of us are in a food coma..... great food, good atmosphere service was slow but not bad. Definitely a 4 star visit!Friendly service, accommodating for seating after a short wait. 4 potatoes boiled in crawfish seasoning arrived with our waiter. We ordered a pound a fresh crawfish which our waiter suggested would come first. Salads were included with our meal. Entree was crab-stuffed flounder, barbecued shrimp, & a side soft shell crab. First to arrive was our entree and separate salads. Shortly after the crawfish arrived & then lastly our cocktails. Order of arrival should have been cocktails, crawfish, salads, entrees. Sent the crawfish back, rest of the food was meh. Too pricey for what we got overall. Nothing we ate was to go back for. There are better options.Good seafood. Not a fancy spot nor a hole in the wall. Clean, fast service, try the Crawfish bisque. I visited this location twice during my visit to NOLA.one of the best meals in nola!
we ordered
crawfish quartet
shrimp and catfish combo
bbq shrimp
everything was done PERFECTLY and not oily. yum!!!I loved the experience. Spicy little red potatoes for appetizers and so much food!! The waitress was awesome and the drinks are a must!!! Will be back!!We went back 2X in 3 days. Crawfish boil, Seafood Salad, Seafood Gumbo, Oyster Poboy all Excellent ... Spicy Cajun Bloody Mary SUPERB. We have plans to order live crawfish from their site and ship to Chicago.This place is a one-stop shop for all your seafood desires. Like come on, this place is called Deanies Seafood! It has seafood in its name!!! I came here and this place is classy with a touch of a flare. The service was very delightful and helpful. I ordered the Soup of the Day which was a crawfish bisque and ordered the Crawfish Duo (lunch menu). 
The soup was superb! If I could, I would stuff this soup in an IV bag and be hooked up to it so I can constantly get my dosage. The soup was decadent, smooth, and just overall delicious! 
The Crawfish Duo was just as delicious as the soup. It came with crawfish étouffée, fried crawfish tails, fries, French bread, and a little bit of coleslaw. No words can describe the étouffée. You just have to come here and try it out yourself!
As always... J-Dawg out!When in a city you're not familiar with go where the locals go. And we always go back to Deanie's. The broiled oysters are excellent, flavorful and huge! The shrimp are to die for no matter how you prefer them done.  Best softshell crabs I've ever eaten.  Haven't tried dessert because the portions are so large we end up waddling back to the hotel to rest before heading out for great Blues music. Highly recommend Deanie's.I recommend Deanie's to everyone I know who is going to New Orleans.
I dream about the barbeque shrimp.  It was absolutely delicious, the shrimp was cooked perfectly, the seasoning was spot-on, and the extra "sauce was perfect for dipping."
The red potatoes on the table were tasty too.
As we were on vacation, we ordered way more food than we needed to, and everything was great.  The giant seafood platter was enough for two people to share, but we also ordered the crawfish.etouffee
We had Deanie's as the first dinner on our trip.  We went back for lunch on our last full day.
I cannot wait to return!Chain restaurant, but a good one if you like that sort of thing. Stumbled in nearly at closing and still they gave us service with a smile. Food is "meh" but I recommend the strawberry beer!
Great service!The place is clean spacious and the servers are very courteous and professional. 
Fried catfish- A.  It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with a lot of flavor.  
Po Boy- A.
The shrimp was crispy and tender not like I've ever had before.  I thought I could use a little more mayo but overall I thought it was good. 
Potatoes that they give you while you're waiting.  A+++++
They were spicy and tender.  I've never had anything like it before.Still a great place to eat.  Go at 3pm to avoid the long line.  The service was great and so was the food.  Not too crowded inside.  I love the potatoes as a finger food before the meal.  To avoid the french fries, ask for veggies instead.  Sometimes they have a broiled combo plate you can order.  Very good place....one of our favorites!!  We'll be back.The food was good but I wish I went during crawfish season. Missed out on the opportunity to partake in a good crawfish boil. Everyone liked their food and the service was good.We enjoyed it. Got the Giant Fried Seafood Platter for my family of 4, plenty to feed all of us and still feel satisfied. Great deal too. Our waitress was awesome!Spacious . Nothing fancy . Nice bar service and drinks . We did not dine there , so I can not comment as to food. 
Access to casino from this establishment . Clean, but dated facilities. 
Nice for families.Let's get into this review....when I tell you my dish was good, fingerlicking good! I got the stuff shrimp and every bite was bursting with flavor. Our server was friendly and made us feel right at home. We went during lunch and the portions were the perfect size. If you ever in the area I definitely recommend this restaurant!!It was a good dinner and food service overall. I would return again but I would order something other than the stuffed crab. It didnt wow me. Overall a nice spot.Really tasty calamari and stuffed crab! The single stuffed crab is a lot of food for $8 or so. The cocktails were too expensive. I got the NOLA 9...tasty but not really worth $11.We asked our server what can we get on the menu that isn't deep fried and covered in grease, because after spending 3 days in New Orleans our body was rejecting all and everything fried. She recommended broiled shrimp and softshell crab. We thought: broiled isn't bad, and ordered. 
First order came out - it was deep fried. We looked at each other and said, it was supposed to be broiled. The server came and apologized, and we waited for the next round. Next came our dinner broiled. It was covered in quarter inch melted butter...
The shrimp was oversalted and overseasoned. The softshell crab looked very lonely swimming in the melted butter with garlic. We were hungry, poked the crab a little and ate some of the shrimps, but the grease was way too much, so we asked for the check. The check still had the deep fried order on it, which we never ordered... 
Bottom line: if you are after deep fried stuff, this is probably your place. If you are looking for seafood cooked without batter and fryer, look somewhere else.4.5 stars for sure.
I love Deanie's and it's usually one of the first stops for dinner when ever we visit New Orleans.
Service has always been exceptional. The servers could not be more professional and are always friendly and never leave a glass empty or keep you waiting too long for anything.
I LOVE the fried seafood sampler. Don't be fooled thinking it's for 2 people because it comes with 2 fried soft shell crabs. The first time we ordered it we were shocked at the amount of food. It's the best fried shrimp, crawfish, oysters, crab and crawfish balls ever. Not only were we stuffed but we took it home and 4 of us ate it the next night for dinner. Ya, it's that BIG!
The crawfish quartet is also amazing! On our last visit I split it with a girlfriend who had never had crawfish and she loved it as well. You get the crawfish served etouffee, au gratin, fried tails and as dressing balls. The au gratin is 5 stars for sure. Thick, creamy and cheesy. Mouthwatering!
I'm an onion lover and good onion rings are hard to find. If you like them as much as me you will love Deanie's. The batter is light and flaky and instead of the onion pulling out as soon as you take a bite (so annoying) they melt in your mouth and you can actually enjoy the batter with the onion instead of when they separate. The tower of rings must be at least 10 inches.
Deanie's has never disappointed and our friends who we introduced to this amazing restaurant loved it just as much as we did. 
I can't wait till next year :( I want some fried seafood now!I Visited this place while on vacation as it was recommended to me by a LA resident. The place was clean and the service was great! The food was amazing! In my table we had the shrimp BBQ pasta, stuffed shrimp and stuffed crab. Everything was so good and very filling. For starters they serve these tiny red potatoes seasoned with a hint of spice. It's their alternative to the bread basket. Different, but it works!I am a sucker for fried seafood. It might not take that much if the seafood is quality. From someone who knows fish from the perspective of an angler, nothing is comparable to eating fish that is fried the same day that it has been caught, if iced immediately.
Now this place might not run an operation like that, but who does or logistically can? So, if you go, just order the biggest platter of fried seafood and experiment. I liked the fried fish and shrimp. It was good to me and I'm going back when I return for Mardi Gras 2014!We have been to the French Quarter many times but it was our first and last time dining at Deanies.  There were five of us dining and two of us got our food in a reasonable amount of time but were finished before the other three of us were served.  The place wasn't that busy (10 min wait) and full tables around us had ordered after us and received their food.  It took roughly two hours to finally get our food.  The food was just mediocre, charbroiled oysters were good, seafood platter was just ok (my daughters burger was better), my son had a pasta dish he couldn't eat.  Nothing at this place was worth our bill of $150.  Keep in mind that with a party of 5 or more you will be charged 20% gratuity, which isn't uncommon, but you will be forced to tip for average food and horrible service.  We will never dine at this restaurant ever again.Upon arrival in New Orleans, my friend and I checked in our hotel and IMMEDIATELY went in search of food.  We used a combination of Yelp reviews (thanks guys), recommendations from the hotel front desk, and our noses to find a place that looked good.  We decided to check out Deanies, especially since I had heard about it on Food Network.
Inside, it was huge!  Although it is in the Quarter, it is super spacious and had lots of tables.  Our waiter was very accomodating to us Yankees and graciously explained menu items that were foreign to us.  I went with the Crawfish Etouffe.  I had never had it before and found it to be delicious!  Portion sizes are quite large here as well.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is that over the course of our trip, I found other spots that had the same quality (or better) of food for better prices.  And the place felt a little bit chain-y.  But overall it was a great meal and good start to our NOLA eating adventure.My review is only for boiled crawfish. I read so many good things about this place, I had to try it out. I had one pound of crawfish, it was way under seasoned, overlooked. It was none of the amazing things other people said. But yet, my review is only based on crawfish.I was tossing between the idea of 3 or 4 star rating. The wait was about 30mins.. The again it is Friday evening. I got the seafood platter and couldn't even finish it. Our waiter was cool. Food came out in good timing and what I could eat was good!The boiled crawfish were fresh and sweet.  The half order of seafood plate was huge and delicious and the shrimps in the BBQ shrimps dish were HUGE and very fresh!My second time going and its was just as good as the first the platter is humongous and I got the half order, are server was attentive and very good at his job it has become one of my wife and I most favorite place in New Orleans.Our visit on Labor Day 2018 at 2 pm started out terrible. The hostess never greeted our party of 5. When I approached her she acted as if I was bother her. Because she did not greet us at all, just a look of annoyance on her face, I asked if we seat ourselves. Her response was simply "NO", nothing else. There was no one else waiting for a table, we were the only ones at the hostess desk. I then had to ask for a table of 5. Shame on management for placing a person with zero social skills at the hostess position. Our waitress was excellent and the food was good. The total experience was ruined by the hostess. As a new resident to the French Quarter, not sure if I will return.My FAV seafood (FRIED PLATTER-wise) in the French Quarter area. This place is spacious and full of southern hospitality. The wait is usually up there for a table (nothing like those long drawn out waits at Acme) unless you time it correctly.
The staff are true Nawlins and I LOVE IT from the Southern twang to the way they celebrate life like there is no tomorrow. 
We almost always get the same items
- Crab Nachos
- BBQ Shrimp
- 1/2 seafood platter 
The potatoes that come out before the food is amazing. I warn you "Don't eat too many as you won't be able to finish your meal if you do". The potatoes are so fresh and tasty with the butter.
Crab nachos are good but pretty much a heart attack on a platter due to all be cheese and such added. I tend to only take a bite or so to say I had it. The BBQ shrimp is extremely messy you must prepare to get messy. The 1/2 seafood platter is the HIGHLIGHT of Deanies (most people get the whole but I don't suggest this unless you are with a group of 4 or more). This platter screams flavor filled with various seafoods and tasty treats l like shrimp, scallops, fish, hush puppies, corn, etc..
A must do every visit to NawLins ;-)Excellent shrimp and catfish. Pasta was also exceptional. Service was fast, friendly and efficient.  We will definitely  be back on our next visit to NOLA.Do yourself a favor and just wait for someone to get up from the bar and take their seat. Also, do not give the hostess your actual Id (give them a school id or something you would be ok with them loosing). I witnessed them loosing a lady's ID and she was pissed. As I would be too if I came to NOLA to drink and a restaurant lost my only form of identification in case I got carded (as I did everywhere). The portions are HUGE so order wisely.Came here when felixs was undergoing some problems in the kitchen. The girl at the front door recommended we try it.  So we checked it out. Had great beer portions in huge cold fishbowlesque goblets. Lunch itself was pretty average. Gumbo and poboy was a 3/5. Nothing wrong with it, but nothing inspiredFood was great and our waitress Chelsey offered great customer service. The wait was about 25 minutes, but you can wait inside. The restaurant is not too noisy, good atmosphere to be able to carry a conversation.I got the seafood platter, gumbo, and stuffed crab .lets begin everyone I asked for good food said this is the place to go. So me and my crew we went. Stood in line for about half a hour in the heat. Finally got in got us some boiled potatoes cool the potatoes were potatoes  nice flavor with a kick. Boom waitress came very nice and helpful. We order shr recommended the gumbo cool. So we order what their specialty was the seafood platter. Cool. Got the gumbo gumbo was lovely they have a good gumbo.we finished the gumbo boom main course come the the platter and that's when it hits NOOO FLAVOR NOT EVEN SALT. WTF all this hype for some NONE FLAVOR food smh. 2 stars lost.Let's not be normal, and toss out the chips as a complimentary starter! Said Someone Great. Boiled Cajun petite potatoes as you're waiting for your food... Ugh how genius! Oh, and The best... The best BBQ shrimp ever. Red liquid gold. A much try!My husband and I ate here several times during the week.  The Voodoo juice is great.  Snaps to Wayne and Lance for their great service.  Shrimp Po'Boy was wonderful dressed as well as the other shrimp or crab items on the menu.   The driver from my swamp tour, Gene, recommended this place and we loved it.  Especially the free spicy potatoes you get right when you sit down.  The only reason I didn't give it a five star is because we were sat in the very back of the restaurant on a Saturday evening with all the screaming babies.  Not fun to listen to on your last night in NOLA!  I guess we could have waited for another table but we had already waited 30 minutes for that one.  Great food with reasonable prices!  I would definitely go here again!!!My favorite place in New Orleans to eat fried catfish & shrimp. You can't find any better, period.  Stick around, it's worth the wait and the servers will take great care of you one you arrive at the table.  Hang out for a while at the bar while you wait.  Cold draft in huge mugs.Service was horrible. Took our beer 20 mins to get to our table and we weren't even given the complimentary potatoes til after our appetizers and once we noticed everyone else around us had gotten them. Our server Michelle seemed to be taking care of her other tables, but not being attentive to us, her only black table at the time. Ordered the half seafood platter and as soon as it came out my appetite was gone because it looked so disgusting. We talked to the manager, Larry, who apologized, but only offered us 25% off the check because "nothing was wrong with the food." When we complained that we had barely even touched the food because it was not even seasoned properly he threatened to take our discount off the check. I have worked in the industry and have never been treated this way especially by a manager. He proceeded to tell us that we don't know the food and that it should taste that way because it's the recipe and throw slick disrespectful comments at us. After that he had the server wait over us for the bill as if we were just gonna walk out. If I could I would give this place zero stars! Larry definitely does not have enough common sense or people skills to manage and Michelle shouldn't assume she won't receive a tip from black people.Line out the door. Waited for about 5 mins. Waiters were awesome. Food was awesome. My friend & I had the charbroiled oysters & half seafood platter that serves 2. They give you a lot. I will definitely be returning.Had dinner here recently and would actually pick it over ACME which was down the street. Reason being is that there is more ambiance here than ACME.  Deanie's was bigger, cleaner and not as loud.  Also, I like the fact I got my beer in a cold glass compared to a plastic cup a ACME.  Food was about the same..typical cajun style.  One thing though, there was very long wait so get there early if you don't want to eat at 10pm at night.We came into Deanie's on a Sunday night after a Saint's game and it was packed. It took a while to be seated, but was worth it. The BBQ shrimp app was amazing. The potatoes were amazing. The half seafood platter was WAAAYYYY too much food for the two of us. The fried shrimp and oysters tasted the best- the fried catfish could have been better and the soft shell crab was ok. Our waitress was super friendly and very attentive. It didn't hurt that our hotel was a block away. We'll be back!Although we had a pretty long wait at Deanie's, it was worth it. The line seemingly moved quicker than we thought it would and we opted for seats at the bar. We ordered a shrimp po-boy and split it. We also enjoyed the potatoes that they serve before your meal - seasoned perfectly! If our waiter had been better, I would have given this place 5 stars.We were in Nola for four days, and this was the first place we ate at. We arrived around 4pm and were seated right away. The décor was nice and relaxed. Complimentary red potatoes with butter were brought to our table and they were fantastic. They were creamy and sweet.
The service was only so-so. Nothing really stood out to me as good or bad, it was just kinda mediocre.
I ordered the BBQ Shrimp, and they were very tasty. My friend ordered the stuffed crab, and I couldn't taste anything past the green peppers. I don't normally mind green peppers, but the taste was overwhelming to the rest of the flavors. 
Overall, Deanies was just a-ok in my book.Wow! Can't even express how disappointed I was with Deanies. I used to live in N.O. (20 years ago) and was in town for a conference so I had to make a stop at Deanies because it USED to be one of my fave restaurants. Tried to go there on a Saturday @ 7:30pm and there was an hour and a half wait (and no room at the bar). Went back on Sunday afternooon around 2 and only waited 10 minutes to be seated...until we reminded them that there were 9 in our party and not 8 (they tried to seat us at a table that barely fit 7). When we told the hostess this would not be sufficient seating she got a MAJOR attitude and told us we would have to go back to the front and wait...even though there was an adjacent table that would be sufficient for our party and there were no other large parties waiting to be seated. Another 10 minutes later we were seated...again. Waiter was prompt and attentive but not too personable at first, but our group is lively and eventually he warmed up and started talking and joking with us.
Now on to the food... I had the crawfish etouffee...yuck! So sad because this dish USED to be the main reason I came here.  It was sooo salty and fishy tasting! I think they used the same roux and sauce that they used for the gumbo so it was just wrong! One of my buds got the big fried seafood platter (soft shelled crab, oysters, shrimp, etc). He said the batter and the seafood were flavorless!! He ended up dumping tabasco on it just to make it edible. Another couple at the table shared the BBQ shrimp platter and while the broth/ sauce was quite flavorful the beautiful large shrimp were sooo overcooked that they couldn't seperate the shell from the meat!!! What a tragedy!!!
All in all Deanies was a MAJOR disappointment! Not worth the $$ spent at all. I feel bad for tourists that eat there and think that Deanies is what N.O. cuisine is all about! Oversalted, overcooked or flavorless fried food is NOT   it!!!
I went to Oceana on the corner of Conti and Bourbon the next 2 nights and had great meals there!Found out about this place from the front desk at the Q and C hotel. Was about a 10 minute walk from our hotel on Camp. Went and had lunch about 1230 on a Wednesday but only waited about 10 minutes for a table for 2. Nicole was our waitress and she was very lively, courteous and professional. Can't praise her enough for her service. Nicole recommended the crab nachos which were good and could've had more crab meat but the portion was more than enough for two people. My girlfriend and I both ordered drinks, a hurricane and a voodoo juice. Drinks were very good but tasted a little watered down. I ordered a combo dinner with all 3 fried (oysters, catfish and shrimp). My girlfriend had the shrimp dinner fried. Each meal came with fries and coleslaw. the food was fried but not overcooked. The whole meal for 2 cost around 85 bucks. A little steep for a restaurant of that caliber but the food was still good.A must try while the fried seafood platter,  very fresh! Soup was a salty, the fried seafood platter was flavorful and fresh. Decor and size of restaurant is appropriate. The staff were accommodating and working very hard to please everyone.Eh...not too impressed.  You get a lot for your money but the food lacks soul.   Just a big kitchen with a production line.  French fries are gross.  Service was good.  Watch out for the waitress that looks like "Carrie" (Sissy Spacek)...she's crazy and annoying as hell.This restaurant is phenomenal. Great food and great atmosphere. Definitely worth eating here if one vacations in New OrleansThe night we came to eat at this restaurant, our wait was for over an hour. This was understandable because we had a big group of people. However, while waiting right next to the bar, we ordered an appetizer but one of the women bartenders (tall with low ponytail dark hair) yelled across in front of all the people waiting EXTREMELY rudely that we were not allowed to have the food at the table 15 feet from the bar. Her reaction was so heated she almost seemed as if she was going trying to start some altercation. Meanwhile, the entire waiting area and bar full of probably 50 people stood there as she yelled at us. If this was a rule, I understand but for her to address customers in that manner was the most unprofessional experience I've had while in NOLA. Hopefully this restaurant will reconsider having her work here after that incident. Most likely never coming back!Great food we had a cup of delicious seafood and okra gumbo and a half seafood platter BROILED! We always take the broiled cuz that deep fried shit is for restaurants with bad seafood. It makes everything taste the same. Server was good not great. Weeded with three tables but tourists are naturally picky and needy.We avoided the long wait and sat at the bar. Great service and shrimp that had us coming back throughout our trip. So thankful for this was recommended to us!We have ate here several times now and we are never disappointed!  If you don't mind getting your hands dirty, I highly recommend the BBQ shrimp as an appetizer.  We always get the HALF seafood platter for the 2 of us and we still have plenty left over to make another meal or 2.  It's loaded with shrimp, catfish, oysters, stuffed crab, crawfish croquettes, and French fries, so you get to try a little of everything.  There are tons of homeless people roaming around the Quarter, so we normally get the leftovers boxed up and give them to someone as we walk back to the hotel.  They always seem to be appreciative for the free meal.  Deanie's is a staple for whenever we're in NO.
Side note:  They do not allow tank tops for guys, so make sure you have a shirt with sleeves on.ordered a seafood platter for me and my wife - have mercy - delish but no way we could eat all that foodOk this place is excellent. The food volume is amazing, and the service was great. The food was hot and cooked just right, nothing was over cooked or poorly seasoned. The staff worked well together refilling drinks and bringing food when it was ready. The only thing that I didn't enjoy was it was just a little loud but I guess that it to expected in a restaurant this busy and of this size. I guess my friend is still my friend for sending me here. Thanks for the good food suggestion.We had lunch at Deanies today. It was terrific. The catfish is light and crispy without a greasy feel. The fish tasted clean and fresh. 
The charbroiled oysters were piping hot, garlicky, cheesy delish!Worst customer service ever! The hostess had such an attitude that once we were sat, we didn't stay. She refused to seat us because we were meeting two others who were on their way. We said, "ok, forget about the others. We will just sit and if they show, they can join us." She sat us at a 4 top and rudely blurted, "if your two people show, they will need to be seated at another table." The whole situation was so stupid we decided to leave and eat somewhere else (in one of the other French quarter seafood restaurants that didn't make us feel like we had done something wrong).  Customer service is something that is free. When you treat people like they don't matter, well it matters to me! Even if you hate your job, put a smile on your face! It was so uncomfortable for no reason! We ended up grabbing two beers at the bar for $17.Deanie's is known for BBQ Shrimp and huge portions of fried seafood. We decided on Deanie's through several local recommendations and I had also seen Deanie's on Man Vs Food and several other New Orleans food recommendation lists. This was one of our very few casual dining experiences in New Orleans. 
We ordered the trio of soups(gumbo, crawfish bisque, and crawfish étouffée ) shrimp pasta, and BBQ shrimp. 
We dined on a Wed evening and were seated right away. Janie was an attentive server and full of personality. The soups were quite good but my favorite was the crawfish étouffée. 
The problem I had with this place was the amount of butter that was used in the Shrimp pasta and BBQ shrimp. While this is New Orleans and butter makes everything taste good I just felt that Deanies used too much of it. The pasta was my least favorite dish of the night because of that. I wouldn't order the pasta again. 
I have had BBQ shrimp here and at Mr.B's and I would say Mr.B's has a slight edge because they don't use as much butter. The shrimp here are quite delicious as well, seasoned well and very jumbo with the heads on. I got about 10-12 shrimp for the entree for one person and it was very filling with the delicious french bread. The flavors are spot on and the addition of the free baby red potatoes are perfect. They are perfectly seasoned and one reason I would come back to Deanies. You can asked for as many as you would like. Be warned they are addicting and have a cajun spice kick to them. The fried seafood looked very tasty as well. 
All in all a nice causal environment with down home southern seafood and cajun flare that is reasonably priced.Excellent super fun staff. Crawfish were not good.  The other food was average. The potatoes WERE excellent.Can't recommend this place. In a city with so much to offer, skip it. Food is overdone and service is barley average.Excellent food but the hostess ruined it for us. We were on the waitlist and were right there next to the bar the whole time. After almost an hour wait time with two kids I went up to the hostess and asked why all parties that came way later were seated already and we were still waiting.... she claimed she has called us 3 times but she hasn't. As I said we were right there and heard all the names called loud and clear. She simply forgot us, or skipped us or whatever. An apology would have been nice, but no we got attitude instead. Our server was very friendly and our food was wonderful.Just came in here tonight, our first night in New Orleans visiting family. The three adults in our party thoroughly enjoyed our dinners, and my picky kids (the other three of us) did too! This establishment WAS kid friendly, which is always a plus with me. (My kids are ages 9, 7, and 18 months.) As it was a Tuesday night at around 7:15, our wait was nonexistent. Service was prompt and friendly; we even got hot boiled potatoes on the house!
I had the stuffed shrimp, which was delicious. My brother in law had the spinach salad with oysters, which he pronounced was one of the best salads he's eaten. My kids ate their meals with no complaints! The prices were just fine, as the French Quarter can get pretty pricey. I got one of their specialty drinks -- the Voo Doo something or other -- which didn't give me the buzz I wanted, which was the only drawback. Next time, I'll stick with my tried and true Hurricanes. :)
All in all, aside from walking there in a summer rain and getting wet and damp, it was a great way to start off our trip!Was not pleased at all. My coffee cup was dirty and coffee was OVERPRICED!! I ordered the crabmeat au gratin and when the server brought my meal it looked and tasted like it was sitting out for a lil bit under a heated lamp and the crabmeat with "four cheese" did NOT taste like it should be priced $25, not to mention the French bread was hard and stale!! The only good thing was the potatoe with butter that they brought out! My husband and I wasted our anniversary dinner hereGlad we came here. Wait time was average. Service was awesome, we had 6 people and everyone's food was fantastic. We will eat here again on next trip.Subpar food and over rated. It taste like something i would make and the oysters were too chewy. I will not be going backWaited almost 2 hours for this place... sad to say I'm not sure it was worth it. 
Don't order the huge fried seafood platter. Extremely overpriced and everything was really dry. My friends got it and they really did not enjoy it. I opted for 2 pounds of crawfish and the crab nachos to share. The crab nachos were just OK (I've had better in Maryland) and the crawfish were too salty - most of them were also pretty small. 
The local beer (Abita) is good. I enjoyed Purple Haze and the seasonal Strawberry offering. 
Waiter was just average. We found out at the end that they charged us twice for 18% gratuity so had to ask for the check to be adjusted - good thing we caught it. 
I believe there are definitely better seafood options in the area - Deanies seems to be a tourist trap.Great place for groups as it has a large dining room
Space . The Table are a little close but you have enough leg room . The staff is attentive and brings the food out fast without having you feel rushed . 
The potatoes are a must.Along with the shrimp app I also enjoyed the shrimp stuffed with crab meat. Delicious .We sat at the bar because it was very busy. The bartender was amazing and kept conversation with us as much as he could. He was very informative when it came to the menu. I ordered a great cheese burger and the voodoo juice(recommended by bartender). I left VERY satisfied. The voodoo juice tastes so great and like there's no alcohol. But trust me, it'll hit you when you stand up!You can look at the pictures of the chargrilled oysters I posted in 2012 versus the ones from 2016, and see that something changed.....flavor wise and size wise.  I can't complain tho, cause I still ate a dozen of them by myself.
The prize for this trip was the BBQ shirmp.
We went in on a Tuesday nite and they had a 40 minute wait for dinner.  Less than five minutes later, we're sitting bar top with our napkins and glasses set up for full service.
Take a seat at the bar if you can, its just as pleasing as a table.  I know, because we came here twice in our four day/three night stay and had an opportunity to sit at the bar and have table service. 
They start each meal off with an order of red potatoes.  Beware, they will get you stuffed.  Save room for your food. 
The BBQ shrimp were the best I ever had and our waiter was top notch.
Upon sitting at the bar, I explained that I wanted a true New Orleans drink, but not a Hurricane or the Voodoo punch I had the last time I was here.  He suggested a Pimms Cup.  The first one he brought out was unimpressive, and when I was ready to order something different, he mentioned to me that he would make me one the correct way, and brought one out with fresh cucumbers and it was 100 times better than the first one. 
The second time we went, my daughter tried the crawfish Étouffée, and had to end up getting a to -go bowl it was such a large portion.
I'm in the middle of a bread challenge, and I sware they must have brought us at least four loaves of bread the first nite and another three the second time we went. Not to mention more of those potatoes.
The shrimp for one easily feeds two people.  Came with two salads.Oh my, what an experience. I ate here once years ago and remembered how good they were. At the time, there was no Yelp review site to make my review. Ok, fast forward to present times. I took my family here since we were here for spring break. The first thing I noticed were the price increase across the board. That was ok as long as I got good food and was kinda expected due to my long gap since visiting.
    My wife, daughter and I enjoyed the potatoes they serve instead of bread. They had a bit of spice to them, but not too much. We decided to go with two seafood platters, one broiled and one fried. Glad we did, because that gave us a great range of  choice it tasted so delicious. We were stuffed and could barely finish it. 
      We had 5 in our party, but added an automated 20% tip to our ticket. That's the only thing I didn't like, but paid it anyway due to good service. Go here and wait your turn to be seated. You won't be disappointed....When it's good; it's great.  However, the last two times we've been has been average at best.  We waited an hour and twenty minutes this time.  Never again.   The first time we went we had fried oysters that have remained our standard.  The last two times we've been they've only had oysters on the shell with some BS about buying in bulk and they're too expensive.  Well, everyone else in town has them.  We'll think twice before we go again but will never wait more than 15 minutes...too many other options as good or better.The food was SUPER greasy and made everything taste the same. Very bland. The interior of the restaurant is much nicer than the other places in and around the French Quarter. Service was delayed, but this is understandable, considering how busy they are. I wouldn't wait an hour for a table here again.Let me start by saying that my family is from a different part of Louisiana,  we on any given night,  are making some type of seafood,  creole dish.  
I went to NO in Dec.  They had a packed house,  the atmosphere was great,  the wait staff and kitchen staff were friendly ( they held the door open and spoke to us for a bit on their way home I'm  assuming). They have a variety of seafood.  I ordered the soft shell crab. In my honest opinion it was either out of season or just a poor selection because it was mostly shell. The food tasted...... wait for it....... BLAND! the batter had a light pepper seasoning but the crab itself was bland add can be. I didn't complain and just ate the fries. 
My sister ordered the crawfish quartet and is was...... BLAND! Again,  the fried crawfish had no flavor,  the crawfish au gratin tasted like bland pasty cheese and bland crawfish.  Did I mention it was bland? I think you get the point. 
 My friend ordered some type of fish and said the same thing them sent it back.  The manager was getting ready to argue with her thinking she wanted a refund but she just wanted to get something she thought would be more palatable. I can't remember what she got but I know she didn't enjoy it.  I didn't bother to try any because i had been turned off with the previous two dishes.This place was OVERRATED. The menu was lacking choices. The seafood was 1 level above Red Lobsters. The bathrooms were filthy. Price did not match the taste of the food. Locals stop suggesting this place if you haven't been in awhile. Want my money back.THE place in New Orleans for fried seafood!  Delicious.  You can't go wrong.I've been home for one day and still cannot stop thinking about how awful this place was. Me and my friend sat down for dinner at the bar because there was wait where we were "greeted" by the bartenders. Is was clear that BOTH bartenders behind the bar did not want to be there as they were rude and simply did not care for customer service at all. Every question we asked about the menu which really wasn't many as we felt intimated to ask anything, was followed by a short, ignorant answer. I am a server myself and leave at least 20% or more and never have I left an establishment where I did not leave a tip, however in this circumstance I felt 100% confident that, that was what was deserved.
Onto the food, we ordered the "famous" fried seafood platters. Now don't get me wrong, I understand that this is a fried platter however it was so unbelievably heavy and greasy, so much so that I threw up after the meal. I felt nauseous and sick to my stomach. Out of all the places we could have went I'm just so sad that we picked his place after it was recommended by an Uber driver.All I have to say is.... you can't go wrong here. It was recommended by our lift driver. He definitely was not wrong. The food was absolutely amazing! There was a long wait when we were there, but this place is worth it.Ok first we waited 2 hours because we are a group of 8 I understand that. But the customer service was horrible. The waiter has an attitude never came back to see if the food tastes good.
The shrimp was fried wayyyyy to hard. The French fries was greasy.
The stuffed shrimp tasted very swampy like I understand this restaurant makes there own crab but damn where is the salt and lemon???? 
First time and last time I will eat here.
The sprite was horrible had to MAKE the waiter get another one. Only thing that was awesome was the pomegranate margarita.Not worth the wait. We went to dinner at Deanie's last night and it was a disappointment. We were prepared to wait, and in fact went down the block to a neighboring bar for an hour to avoid the crowds. This was not the problem at all. The boiled potatoes as the first app were the only warm thing we were served. We got boiled crawfish, and the waiter was patient in teaching us how to eat them. They were tasty but cold, and the entouffe was the same, good but cold on arrival. My expectations were high after all the hype about this place and they just werent met. I would not come back... There are plenty of other amazing and unique restaurants nearby!The food is not good at all.  I got the Crab quartet and it has no flavor.  I do not recommend this restaurant at allI went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
We asked an employee at the hotel if he had any particular recommendations for dinner, and he recommended Deanie's. 
We discovered that Deanie's is VERY popular and it's best to go early.
For dinner I had an oyster appetizer, the crawfish etouffee and the bread pudding, with Abita Amber.
We thought dinner was good and an excellent value for the price.Nice Restaurant, great location right in The French Quarters. We decided to try it because our cab driver insisted it was his favorite. And all their amazing reviews on Yelp influenced us also. 
Biggest downfall, OVERTLY busy on a Friday night. Told us 45 minute wait we ended up waiting about an hr. 
BUT I was pleasantly surprised that the food and drinks came in a VERY timely manner. Speedy fast. 
Instead of bread like most restaurants, they bring you little red potatoes with their seasoning on them. That was literally my FAVORITE part of the experience. I ate soooo many I got full before our appetizer and entree got there:(
 We ordered The Crab Nachos appetizer, amazing! Instead of regular nacho chips they were like potato chips, oh my goodness they were so good! 
We ordered The crab galore plate thingy (can't remember the name). It had Crab Au Gratin, Crab Cake, and Fried Soft Shell Crab. I'm going to be honest and say I can't judge this order because I barely ate a French fry, I was so full off the potatoes and nachos. 
Absolutely no room for dessert :(
The food was great overall and the service was also. Wish the wait wasn't so long. But still a fun experience.Everything I thought it would be and more! Hubby and I were in Nola for a mini BaeCay and this was our first meal...it was great! We had the half platter fried and took half of it to our hotel! This was sooo much food! The soft shell crab and crawfish balls were my favs, but don't get me wrong...everything was great!!! I also had the crawfish ettoufee and it was perfect, the flavor was like no other!! I like that you get steamed potatoes instead of bread as a compliment to your meal!We booked our post wedding dinner in the Iberville Room with the Courtyard. We had been working with Emily for a year and a half. She was the most responsive vendor we worked with for our wedding.
When hurricane Nate threatened our wedding day, and a city wide curfew was put in place, she called me immediately to move things up for our safety and the safety of their staff. She called me several times, after hours even just to check in and make sure everything was set which totally calmed my nerves considering other vendors were not so communicative and I was managing 50+ guests who were non- New Orleans natives. 
When we arrived they had hurricanes waiting for us as we walked in the door. They were delicious. Once the food was ready, I was blown away with the presentation. On top of that, everyone was going back for more and complimenting every single thing they ate from something as simple as the Caesar salad (soooo good) to the fried crab ravioli and fried shrimp. Couldn't have hired a better venue if we tried. Thank you so much Deanie's for being the sunlight to our hurricane infringed wedding weekend!