Yeah, no.  This place has the worst service.  Was trying to get a quick drink before the cemetery tour.  There were patrons at the bar drinking, so we knew there was someone working there.  When the waitress ignored us, bf tried to get someone's attention in the kitchen.  Bartender came out scowling, "what are you doing???" he said, not meeting our eyes.  "Trying to get a drink," said we.  Asshole would never make eye contact, and kept making rude noises as he walked behind the bar, grabbed a clipboard and stomped back in the kitchen.  As if asking for a drink in a bar was the most ridiculous thing in the world.  Save your time and money, and avoid this place like the plague.  This was February 4, 2016, 9:30 am.  Bar owner, check to see who the bald guy was tending bar.  I sincerely hope it wasn't you. 
We spent over $1000 on food and drinks on this trip.  Too bad for you, your staff is so surly!It's pretty seedy but that only adds to the charm. Breakfast 24 hours a day and you know what, the breakfast is even good if you aren't drunk!
This is the place to go to end your night and stuff your piehole full of fried delights to ward off future hangovers. 
The jukebox in this smoky dive is pretty good too.
Don't expect stellar service. Expect a lot of colorful clientele, stiff drinks and the best friend pickles you've ever had.Bourbon Street was just a little overwhelming for dinner so we went off the main drag and found ourselves here. It was much less busy than the 20 minutes or more wait elsewhere. We were immediately able to sit. Service was within moments. Red beans & rice was delicious. Drinks were fast. The cost was much much less than other comparable places on Bourbon. I would highly recommend!Nice little divey bar and grill. Thanks to Elysia for the drinks. We just stopped in for a one and done. We do have to pace ourselves. Good music. Lively crowd. We'll return.Good simple breakfast for after a night of partying. Staff was very friendly as well. Easy and quick to get to go if staying in a nearby hotel.This dive is a great place for late- night drunk munchies. We stayed at the Holiday Inn and it's just a stumble away. After a few too many on Frenchman St, this place's po'boys hit the spot!This is where you go late at night for crappy bar food, drinks that you won't mind aren't very good, and streetwalkers.  If that't waht you;re looking for, you got it. If it's not, skip it.Amazing breakfast sandwiches and very friendly bartenders. The definition of a dive but if that's what you want then this is the spotRan in to get out of the rain and found the friendliest little dive bar with the best food! The hurricanes were delicious (and strong!), the shrimp po boy was delicious, the French fries were spicy and home made, the atmosphere was fun and friendly and the service was quick! Would def recommend this place!I love Deja Vu. You can chain smoke, drink, people watch, and avoid the sun while you eat your breakfast. Low-key, personable older staff, alright food (burnt coffee) and plenty of characters. The food hits the spot, I usually get a few biscuits and a bowl of the crawfish and corn chowder, and then combine the two. Ending the breakfast with multiple cigarettes, multiple Irish coffees, and a few songs on the jutebox. Occasionally there's people (the Burborn Street variety) causing a ruckus and stinking up the place, but surprisingly not too often.Found this bar during a real late night/early morning hanging out.  I came back during respectable hours to make sure I didn't "over rate" the place due to hunger/hangover effects.  The 2nd visit solidified that the menu is solid.  The staff are friendly and there appeared to be many locals in the place both visits.  I liked this fact, because that made me feel it is a cool place.  
I appreciated the draft selections and the Po-Boys (Fried Shrimp & Catfish) were tasty.  
Pro/Con:  It is a dive bar, so if you are into it - if not - then this will work against your expectations.  
Pro:  Prices are reasonable.  Good service.Today we stopped at this bar & grill to get out of the pouring rain.  We were greeted immediately & had given our drink order within minutes.  We both ordered hurricanes and shrimp po boys. The food was so good. The shrimp were freshly fried and fully dressed.  We could have split the order but I managed to eat the whole thing. We did share an order of French fries and had more than enough for the 2 of us.  Would recommend that you try it out. You won't be disappointed!Love this place! When ya get outta work at 3-4am its nice to stop here. Also you can order anything off that menu at any time of the day.Great breakfast, good service.  Nice location - 1 block off Bourbon St.On Friday I continued my search for the best catfish poboy in New Orleans finding this dive advertising overstuffed poboys. Almost no fish on the sandwich at all the fish also defiantly previously frozen but at least it was cooked all the way overall a disappointing experience I won't go back if I can avoid it.I am a huge fan of a good dive bar which is exactly what this place is.  To set the stage, the 1st day I went (yes, I was in NOLA and ate here twice!) there was a girl sleeping on the bar. Good Times!
I have to recommend the Bloody Mary.  Pickled green beans were a delicious add to the drink. Oh, and our waitress asked if she could have my GF's olive after she finished her drink. Yes people, this is a dive. Set your expectations and you'll love it!
Other Recommendations: get the fried pickles. They are disc cut rather than spears which is my favorite way, but I hardly ever see them this way.  The basket is HUGE and could easily be shared among 4 people.  The gator balls were also very good.  I had to have the crawfish po' boy and it was also HUGE and delicious.
It will definitely be on my list when I return.Great little place off the noise and high priced Tourist places.
Had a roast beef po boy and later returned for the $7.00 sirloin. Very good little steak, well prepared. Nice people, efficient service.We were staying at the Prince Conti Hotel across the way from Deja Vu. It was my mom's birthday and she just fell in love with this bar. We spent a lot of time here and managed to have snacks, breakfast, and dinner. I had the BBQ Pulled Pork for dinner and it was pretty tasty. For breakfast I had their Famous Sandwich which was good but didn't blow me away. One night we had the fried pickles which I thought were pretty good. 
If you are looking for a place off bourbon to get a drink this is it. Deja Vu was low key and everyone on the staff is incredibly nice. I really cannot say enough kind words about how great they were.This place is great for what it is.  We've been a couple of times, and the food is great each time.  We've had their steak special with fries, a chicken fried po' boy, fried dill pickles, and the alcoholic rootbeer.  I was especially impressed with the seasoning on the steak, and we have gone back a couple of yes for the dill pickles.  The waitress was funny and friendly.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back for late night eats.OMG!! 5.99 steak night!   HUGE drinks!  It seemed like a NY Strip, with your choice of salad, french fries, or mashed potatoes with gravy.  Just 5.99 on Tuesdays and Thursdays! The food is a LOT better and a lot more locals eat here.  The drinks-I dunno are like a 5 or 6 count free pour!  I never saw any pimps here, but hell-even pimps need to eat.  It may not be fancy,  but it is better than we thought.  So glad we gave it a try.  See ya next week!This is a classic example of looks can be deceiving, especially in NOLA. I was a true Sunday regular at Erin Rose on Conti for at least a year after first moving to the city and I passed Déjà Vu quite often. It never occurred to me that behind the sketchy looking front lie a true gem. This is an awesome bar to grab good food, a cheap drink, and listen to a great jukebox 24 hours a day. They offer breakfast, po'boys, burgers, bar food, even steak and seafood! If you are stone cold sober and beginning your night I should not have to tell you to go somewhere else for dinner. I would not take my parents out to dinner here, but when you are in the need of some decent food after a certain hour and a certain amount of drinks, consider Déjà vu heaven. Yes, there is smoking in here; it's a bar. The bathrooms are really the only thing keeping this away from five stars. A great find in the Quarter!Great little spot with a very friendly bartender and an excellent Bloody Mary for $5 to wake you up in the morning. They top their bloody Mary's with a little Guinness to cut the acidity and it works amazingly!Ate breakfast here twice because it was inexpensive and close to our hotel. The breakfasts are very good. We recommend the Vu Eggwich - don't let the similarity to the Egg McMuffin fool you, this is actually good. The staff is friendly and competent. It's nothing fancy, but they keep it clean. Entrance is on Conti.The food was good and well cooked, however the waitress did not mention sides were an up-charge leaving me feeling a bit scammed. The staff was drinking on the job making them quite loud and rowdy with one another. While my experience wasn't horrible it could've been easily made better with better customer service. Would not recommend to a close family friend.Dejavu burger is what I had and Its super Dry.. My wife had a veggie and the patty is dry too..
Waiters have no patience... 
This ruins your trip to French quarter..I had the seafood gumbo and it was terrible. I was served cold, hard piece of bread to accompany the gumbo. Don't eat here unless you are drunk!So good. Some of the best and cheapest we had in the French quarter. Nothing fancy but so flavorful. So good we came back twice. Eat like a local, eat here.(+)Turkey burger, 24 hour service, and right down the street from Bourbon Street.  Alligator balls, cheese fries, and not a tourist hot spot (yet) Fabulous! 
(-) Cockroaches (prevalent in the French Quarter), and way too loud music blasting all those  hours.Yay!  This place was a pleasant surprise.  Open 24/7, full bar, breakfast round the clock.   A little divey, with friendly staff that are informal with you and not afraid to crack a joke.  The deep fried pickles were my favorite and of course I went with the turkey club because it's my old standby.  If you are looking for a non-touristy, hole in the wall kind of place with good food, this is it.This is a very, very alright place to eat or take down casual drinks. Had to walk out this morning because the bartender put in the order for the dude next to me and forgot to put mine in while having a total customer count of 4. While handing the guy next to me his omelette, the bartender told me 'sorry, I forgot to finish putting your order for biscuits and gravy in. It'll just be a few more minutes'. Can't bring myself to pay for slop on biscuits I have to wait 30 minutes for.Great place to get food at 2am while drunk. It was nice to be able to sit down in a restaurant. Server was very friendly too!.NASTY food!  So shocked !  Po boy had about 2 tablespoons of pork on it.  French fries tasted like they were fried in the oldest grease!
Late night after hours food!  This is NOT the place.Perfect dive bar-no cocktail menu, no fussy concoctions, just good food.  I had the club and it was so big I had to take stuff out to be able to bite into it.  Service was kind of slow though.Nice bar away from Bourbon. If you like low key and meeting " locals", come on in. Didn't have the food yet, but my Blue Moon was nice and cold. Great stop for getting out of the rain.I came early for breakfast and was not disappointed. It definitely has a divey vibe to it but that's fine with me. My waitress was very attentive but then again I came early. The Nina Simone coming from the jukebox was a nice additionI've had some bad experiences here, living 2 blocks away for 8 years, but I got the Tues/Thurs night steak deal for 5.99, and it was AWESOME! The strip steak was perfectly medium rare and a take-out, and it melted in my mouth! The shoe-string fries were perfect as well. Its tuesday, and I can't wait for Thursday. It was like eating a Morton's for $6.Great dive bar. My simple hot ham & cheese sandwich was great. Hit the spot after several long nights in NOLA. Biscuits & gravy were what we had been looking for.Went here for lunch today and ordered the toast beef po' boy..sandwich was ok but cold and they served fries from McDonalds which would explain the terrible long wait for our food when the place was empty...service was soooo slow and would probably only come back late night since it's open 24/7This place ought to be renamed Deja Vu Dive, because that's what it is.  The waiter was hilarious in his deadpan responses to our questions.  For example, I asked, "How's your gumbo?" and he responded flatly, "No."  I roared with laughter.  He pronounced the fried catfish tenders "okay," so I went with that.  My spouse and one other of our six dining companions chose the only thing the waiter praised, which was the pot roast.  Spouse thought it was "fine," I thought it was bland, and dining companion said she'd had much better, as she licked her plate.  (Now, who the hell goes to the French Quarter for pot roast?!)  My gin and tonic was practically bereft of gin.  The fried catfish was all right.  The accompanying salad of iceberg lettuce and three or four cherry tomatoes, topped with shredded cheddar cheese and paired with a packet of Kraft Italian dressing was warm.  Now, I'm all about a wilted or warm salad on occasion, done the right way, but boys and girls, there is nothing appealing about warm iceberg lettuce.  I will say the cocktail sauce is worth bottling and selling.  It's better cocktail sauce than I've found at some of the more popular and more expensive restaurants in New Orleans.  Yep, that's the ticket!  Market and sell Deja Vu Dive cocktail sauce!OK, after years of frequenting this establishment, it's time for a review. Madam and I first visited a year or so before Katrina and we have been returning on all of our subsequent trips, no matter if staying in a less convenient location, such as The Marigny.
Drink prices are quite reasonable, even more so during their 4 to 6 pm happy hour. The food quality and menu variety are strong, particularly when their full menu is being used. Peak times (MG, FQF, JZFST, etc) offer a reduced selection menu, but other bars/restaurants do this as well in order to speed up food getting to your table. 
Bartenders have always been professional and fast with their service, even during peak times (our last trip being during FQF).
Oh, but what makes this place charming are the other patrons drinking along with you. Will there be someone there to discuss how the Federal Reserve worsened the Great Depression by not increasing the money supply? No. Will there be a stripper hitting a shot or two before going to work on nearby Bourbon Street? Yes. Will there be a cowboy as big as a linebacker wearing a tutu? Uh, yes to that also. Will bartenders and wait staff be here after their shift? Sure. Will bartenders and wait staff be here before their shift? Well, we've seen that too.
All aspects considered, this is the quintessential New Orleans 24/7 bar and I hope that nothing ever changes. See you in December!My brother and I also ate here three times.  80's and 90's music.  The comfort food they serve was awesome.  We really could not get enough of it.  Two breakfasts and one dinner at 10pm.  The french toast and eggs breakfast might be the best we ever had anywhere.  We also had the pot roast which was the bomb.  If your hungry and you want an $8 - $10 meal, you won't be sorry.  Best bar food around. Trust me...Despite the crowd of Mardi Gras, we walked right in and sat down immediately. Our waitress was super sweet and personable. Food came quickly after we ordered it. The Chicken and Sausage Gumbo hit the spot but my Shrimp Po'boy made the experience. Will definitely be back.The De Ja Vu, is an excellent place to eat, has wonderful service, and the morning waitress we had on 2 different mornings, "Worm" was just a sweetheart! They serve the  absolute best breakfast in town, and even more specifically, their French Toast is by far the best I have had in all of my 41 years of life! I am convinced the De Ja Vu must have brought my dear, sweet, Grandmother down from heaven to make it! They have a good selection, and they are very reasonably priced. A must try if you are visiting the French Quarter of New Orleans!Was suggested by a friend. Had a Bloody Mary and a really good omelette. (Borracho something) Tattooed server girl was extremely nice-So I like to take advantage of the Tuesday & Thursday steak dinner special for $6.99  its a good way to save $$ while in the quarter. I really like it. I'd recommend it.So simple and sooooo good! We kept it simple with soup, salad, and a bacon cheeseburger. Best French onion soup I've ever had; truly tasted fresh and homemade. The burger was delicious & cooked perfectly. Excellent late night nosh.Great place for a quick drink and tasty food. They deliver exactly what you are expecting, a plus they were open 24/7, simple dishes nothing too fancy. My wife and I found ourselves coming back multiple times to sit and enjoy the people walking about the street outside.This was my home away from my house (up the street on Dauphine) for the 3  months that I lived in the French Quarter of New Orleans.... kind of a home with madness away from the real MADNESS of NOLA and all of those gutter tramps and street urchins on Bourbon and around Jackson Square.
All the locals come here.... the strip club girls would come in each evening before their shifts for a few courage heart starters... the strip club doormen the same and many of the waiters, chefs and barmen from other establishments frequent this bar each day. Somehow for the most part the bar avoids the real troublesome element found everywhere around the French Quarter and despite some interesting altercations here with local pimps, drug dealers, ignoramuses and hookers the bar is very safe and friendly !
1. Drinks are CHEAP and they even have decent wines by the glass.... amazing that in a dive bar.... they told me I personally drank them out of Chardonnay while I was there... which for the record is a nice Coppola Chardonnay not that piss water Cupcake that every other place in NOLA serves.
2. The bartenders are wonderful people...... 
2a. Eric (Cowboy Hat) is hilarious.... he plays great music on the juke box and is always there with a smile and encouragement when you are down..... just don't bug him the 1st 5 minutes when he starts because he is still asleep !
2b. Joe (9-5 some days and 5pm-1am others - New Yorker) is a 40 something very laid back dude... he loves his baseball, horses and can talk to you about most anything.... He has lived in New Orleans a long time and can recommend the best places to hang be it for food, drinks, music... whatever
2c. Christina - (9-5 most days) is a real sweetheart and for mind one of the best bar tenders I have come across in the 30+ cities I have lived in around the globe......... she has a stable of blokes who come in to chat her up and she handles even the biggest asshole customers (like the scumbag 49er fans who tipped $3 on a $70 tab) with aplomb. I like Christina because she knows everyone who frequents the bar and takes time to get to know you. Even the bar tenders from the 3 Legged Dog, Good Friends, Bauhaus (next door), Absinthe Bar etc say she is the best and take the time to come and see her on their time away from work.
2d. Darryl - very nice guy. I was an absolute asshole to him one night.... I apologized the next and he treated me like an old mate after that.... he usually works the late night shift until the early morn where the most annoying and off the wall customers come in.
Food - I was eating here every day... usually a nice grilled steak or the grilled chook and veggies, most of which ended up in the belly of my spoiled dog who would sit outside in front of the bar most days....... 
The Cajun Omelette is just sensational... possibly the best eggs I have had anywhere. 
The Po Boys are bloody good... really superb !
The chicken fried steak is beaut and despite all those calories is worth the chow down.
I really enjoy the local version of Cajun egg rolls which are a hit with many of the locals.
The only negative for me was that I was constantly ill from all of the smoke in this bar (everyone smokes there it seems except for me) but despite that I spent many hours each day here annoying all of the above bar staff and other patrons.
A special mention to the floor waiters Noelle, Emma and the hot red head Kristen and also the kitchen staff... all good types.This is a simple little place, and it was open when we came in late into town and needed some food and a beer. They were straight up off the bat about being out of a lot of their mainstays, since it was so late, and they'd been busy that day. So our options were diminished, though our appetites were not!
I got the turkey club with mashed potatoes and my sweetie got a mushroom & onion burger, which was the best burger we'd both had in a long time! He didn't even remember to share it with me until he was almost done!! That is how good it was, because he always shares his food with me!
The service was great, and the prices were cheap. The great thing about this place, though, is that we saw the bartender squirt some patrons with his soda water gun!! Hahahaha! they totally were drunk and loud, and it was the funniest thing I'd seen in a while... :-) Great first night in Nawlins!!Great spot for breakfast!  Good food at a good price.  Server was friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed eating eggs and bacon while listening to Jimi Hendrix!Got up late, tired and legs feel like rubber... It was a Sunday game day so it was loud , the football game was on the TV's and the retarded sports fans were yelling and screaming. Besides the stupid sports fans, the place was OK. Had a bar area and about 10 tables and 4 booths. I had steak and eggs , the wife had a chef salad. My food was cooked great, but everything was salty. Bloody Mary was way to salty, salad was huge and perfect!  If your asking by and looking for food, give it a shot. It makes a turd, nothing to write home abouts. The service was excellent! Nice waiter guy.I had the best service of my life here - no joke. It was Jazzfest, about 4 in the morning and our waitress let us know right off the bat she'd worked 20 hours in a row because the other servers failed to show up. She had the whole restaurant to wait on (1/2 full) and looked downright SMOKED. She also said whatever we ordered was going to take a little bit longer than normal because she had to go back and wash the dishes, too because the dish diver quit that afternoon.  She had a lit cigarrette butt in one hand and her voice sounded like she was gargling marbles.  HILARIOUS. We laughed with her, ordered, and when our food came out (not as long as one might think) she brought over an unopened  Jagermeister, sat down at the table with us and all 4 of us (her included) started drinking straight from bottle. I'll have you know she didn't charge us for the Jager. I got so drunk I barely remember leaving the place. 
What did I eat? Who cares? It's greasy dive bar food and you can order a egg sandwich with a jack and coke at 4am. We've been coming here for over 10 years and you can get a 1/2 lb burger for like $6 and a grill cheese for $4. It's the Vu - sketchy, decent greasy food, and good service. If you're at the Vu, you know it's way past your bedtime and you're probably drunk.We were walking around trying to figure out where to eat & stumbled onto this place...good find.
we were seated right away got our drinks & ordered some food. Two of us got the Grilled chicken Po Boy sandwich ....delicious ! In my opinion it was the best po boy sandwich I tried while visiting NOLA. 
My other friend had the Chicken fried steak po boy , really good as well u can get some gravy on the side, just note the gravy is a separate charge its not a lot just 99 cents. the gravy is great for dipping the fries.
We liked this place & decided to come back another night after some late night partying  this time we got some breakfast. 
I had the egg & sausage biscuit , really good ...one of  my friends had the deja vu eggwich good as well & the other girl had a chicken po boy with some fries, very good fries here nice taste with seasoning on them. 
This place is a great find in the area , good service, cheap prices & they are open 24/7  when partying in the area its good to know u can get something other than a not so great pizza slice like I had one of the night's somewhere on bourbon can't even recall the place. 
This place is good decent  cheap food ...if visiting again I would gladly return.The breakfast in this joint was amazing! We cam back three times our last trip. Service is great, the only down side is the place is a 24/7 bar a one morning there were a few left overs from that last night, being very loud.Good for hangover food earlier or late just depends and drinks are decent for the priceSo I order a breakfast burrito with hash browns inside... My order gets to me and I see that those two little boxes and at first I think " okay whatever I'll just opened a burrito and put the hasbrowns inside." then I open my order my hash browns are burnt and greasy. And my egg and bacon is on top of a taco tortilla.. ( as if I don't know the difference between a taco and a burrito) so I call up the restaurant and tell them that my order is all wrong and I want my money back. This man says no and then hang the phone up on me. So I'm like "oh h*ll naw.." so I walk up to the restaurant and talk to the man behind the bar. I repeated myself and he opened up the box picked up the egg taco. Rolled it up and said it's fu$%ing burrito now. (I stared in disgust/disbelief because the tortilla was also very greasy and his hands look real dirty. Like he was allergic to water smh) he threw it away. Then I ask for my money back. And asked him if that's how he treated his customers he said "yes" And he said no refunds so I stood there and called the cops till got my money back. Which I didWe had some jambalaya and it was good. Everything was cheap there, including the Guinness, $4!!  Our first bartender that wasn't awesome in New Orleans.  Just seemed grumpy, not personable.If I could give it less than a star I would. We ordered a tossed salad and a bowl of soup to go. We waited over half an hour and still no food so we left. "Staff" looked like they could care less and the place was dirty and disgusting...while also empty. Should have been a sign. Unacceptable.The gumbo was delicious, our waitress was really friendly. The place however does allow smoking inside and poor ventilation... so if you don't like the smell of cigarette then it's not the place for you.Don't be confused.  This one is NOT a strip club.  (thank god!)  Its a decent bar and grill.  I went twice last week.  I had red beans and rice and beer one night and I had the nachos and beer another night.  Not crazy.  Not full of rowdy drunks.  You can hear yourself speak to your friends.  They have local beers on tap.  Good food.  This is a good place to go.Since moving to New Orleans from Boston, I am familiarizing myself with the concept of bars and clubs staying open past 2 a.m.. Obviously as a newbie to the city I am drinking deeply from the French Quarter's ample cup, and after such indulges one gets a great hunger. 
Deja Vu is aptly named considering the two nights I've ended up here after a night of revelry, I felt like the restaurant emerged from the walls upon being summoned. The service is saintly in their tolerance for drunkenness, although very sassy when crossed. I honestly can't imagine working the morning shift here on the weekends. 
I've ordered/sampled the deja vu omelet, the basket of fries, and the fried chicken tender dinner. The omelet satisfies with all the things you could possibly want, including ham, bacon, sausage, peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, and cheese. It comes out fresh and not greasy, but be warned most dishes come without sides unless specified in the description. The fries are crisp, and the chicken fingers are well breaded. All around a good find... if I ever find it again...I had the crawfish po'boy.  Not sure what my b/f had but I know he liked it.  I loved the po'boy...the bread was just right and our waitress was really sweet.
I remember my b/f complaining of heartburn, but HELLO!  We're in the south, sugar.  Food aint food if it don't repeat.Okay eatery since we probably enjoyed the place more than any other in the French Quarter. And, we didn't have any drinks beforehand.
Atmosphere      75       Nothing noteworthy
Service             75        Its New Orleans
Food                75        For once, it wasn't salty nor sauce bound
Value                80        I can actually say it was fair
Recommended if you are in the area.This place was a god send. Walking home late one evening from Bourbon Street we needed to take a break and get some much needed food.  To my surprise this place is open and we went on in and had a seat.  They have lots of things on the menu and there is something for everyone even the person who is too drunk but needs something in their tummy. Our sever was very nice and refilled our waters constantly (which was fabulous cause we were all in need of hydration) They do have a full bar as well if you haven't already had enough LOL. And they were stiff drinks too. They have great snack food like fries and deep fried items like onion rings and jalapeño peppers. It really hit the spot and I would have loved to try out their breakfast but I wasn't that hungry it was only 3 AM LOL.  They have music playing and everyone here that night looked like they were having a good time.The first place we stopped after the 16 hour drive to attend Mardi Gras and it was worth it! Here's why: it's not on Burbon street! So you can enjoy a meal without the madness for a while. You can also get an awesome rum punch to start the party.
Last, the food isn't spectacular but it does the job and the joint is open 24-7! 
No complaints here.Deja Vu - killer place to find yourself when in the Big Easy.  My wife and I strolled the streets on a Saturday afternoon, trying to land somewhere just right, when we stumbled upon this place.  Not to be confused with the ratty "Gentlemen's Club" on Bourbon Street, THIS Deja Vu is a great, friendly side bar that makes everyone feel like a local when they walk in the door. Pretty small bar/restaurant, with a few booths and several tables strewn about and a full-sized bar taking up the remainder of the front space.  Like others have mentioned in reviews, the service is fantastic (to translate, it's laid-back and inviting, which is 5-star for a bar to be sure) - the staff are easy-going and attentive enough that it doesn't seem like they're working at all and instead just taking their turns getting food and drinks for friends.  The food is great as well - some of the best red beans 'n rice w/ smoked sausage I've ever eaten, in NOLA or anywhere else for that matter; and the jambalaya is nothing to pass up either.  It's not a "sit down, expect to be lavished with attention" type place, so if you're looking to be pampered, oh boy do you have the wrong place.  But, if you're looking for somewhere to chill and just be absorbed in the "easy-breezy" culture of the region, here's your place.  I'll definitely be hunting this place back down the next visit I make to the French Quarter.  Permanent bookmark status, no question.  Try it - I'll bet you'll like it too.We took a chance and tried the breakfast because our walking tour started here. Great gamble. I had the eggwich and my wife had the classic breakfast. Everything was delicious and made to order. The eggs were seasoned just right and the English muffins buttery and crisp. Would definitely come back and recommend to others to try.I love this place. Very close to the madness of Bourbon street and open 24 hours..What's not to like? My friends and I, plus one annoying person that I do not claim to know came here to eat a few times. We even had our own table, lol. Each time we came in, this one table was always open...so it was by rights "our table" this is by everyone except that one annoying person who can suck wind. The burgers and French onion soup are very good choices.Breakfast of champions no matter where you are how drunk you are coming get an egg which, shot and a beer  a déjà vuLoved being able to walk and get service immediately. Nice atmosphere. Our waiter was very efficient and we had great conversation with him. The food was rather surprising to come from a dive bar.I absolutely love the steak night special Thursday night here! It's only 5.99 Steak with one side. Its a new york strip and I usually get the loaded mash potato's yummy. I love finding good deals and this place is one of them,Awesome Crawfish Po-Boy. Along with the atmosphere and being open 24/7, this place definitely tops the majority of the places I've had a late night dinner at.I really like the omelettes.  And hash browns.  Generous portions and they are a a good value for the money.  Wishing I had eaten here today for breakfast instead of trying somewhere new.Vinnie makes the best bloody's in town! I'm a bartender and pride myself on making the best bloody's... he's got me hands down... I am not worthyGot the fried shrimp po boy and it was delicious!!!!! I ended up docking a star b/c I threw up after eating here. I had only had 3/4 of a hurricane to drink so it wasn't the alcohol.no separate checks! food was cold, and not good! Server was very rude. Would only recommend if you are drunk and nothing else is open.This place was covered in garbage and the staff was very rude to me and my family. I do not recommend what so ever. Rude  service and the food was not my taste. I love bar food but this bar food was god awful to me and my family. Will not return and wish I could get my money back.Went there last night, Halloween after an insane trip back from Voodoo Fest. Hungry. As. Shit. Surprisingly, there are not a huge number of places with late night kitchens in the Quarter but thanks to Yelp found this one right down the street from our hotel. After sitting at the only empty table for about 15 minutes and getting no attention, we asked if we were supposed to order at the bar and the hostess asked if we were getting takeout and acted surprised and annoyed that we were not! However after that all was good. Our sweet waitress took good care of us. Husband's burger was delicious. The onion rings were oh sooooo good, extra crispy and hot. They are the battered type. My turkey club was ok: certainly not the worst I've ever had. Thinking of trying it for breakfast now at 2:00 pm.This is a fun place to go after hours. The first time I went, the bf and I got hungry late at night so we asked some locals where we could get some food and they sent us here. It was pretty busy for 3 a.m. or whenever we stumbled in. I was happy to see they had NOLA beers on tap, as I'd been wanting to try them and even though I was in NOLA, no one seemed to have them on tap. We grabbed burgers to go, and from what I remember they were pretty tasty.
On my more recent visit, we returned here again around 3 a.m. for some post-Bourbon snacks. We'd all had a few beverages (read: we were probably kind of annoying) and were really impressed with how friendly our waitress was. She was patient and happy to help us out. Again, they had a nice selection of beers with NOLA and Abita. This time we also got fried green beans and chili cheese fries. The chili cheese fries were a little too smothered for my taste (I can't even believe I'm saying that, but it's true!) but the fried green beans were delish. Exactly what I needed to sop up some of the hurricane in my tummy. 
Also, I loved the selection on the jukebox; it was lively and fun. When we got ready to leave, our waitress got us the number of the cab. Would definitely come hang out here again late night.I was on a Po' Boy kick for a weeek or so while touring the south THIS was the best catfish po' boy I had. Delicious and fried to perfection. 
Service was excellent and the hang is relaxed and conducive to beer drinking and good timin'  A real New Orleans joint just off the tourist beaten beaded path of Bourbon street.If you've been living in a place that banned smoking indoors such as  the DC area, California, or New York you probably wouldn't be able to eat here due to the cigarette smoking indoors. 
Yeah, it's a dive and prices are cheap.  I would have loved to try the cheap food here, but I voted with my non-smoking dollars elsewhere.Went here while walking the quarter the food was  not good. I ordered the chicken gumbo was not impressed my friend ordered  the shrimp poboy she said the bun was good.. Since all she ate was the bread. Not a friendly environment and didn't see their Grade from the health department posted on the wall anywhere.. My advice keep on walking..Rolled in here late, late after a wedding in need of some po'boys. 
Probably my favorite po'boy I tried around the French Quarter (three different spots). We got the beef and it was so good! I shared with my Boo so they were very nice and brought it out pre cut in two separate baskets. It was huge and filling. 
Our waitress was super nice to chat with and took great care of us with plenty of water refills. 
That's all I had. Po'boys and water. And it was all I needed at that moment in life.Do yourself a favor and get the Cajun Omelette. What a way to wake up with a kick!!! Andouille sausage, jalapeño peppers, pepper jack cheese mixed with 3 eggs... You really can't go wrong with it. 
This place is open 24/7, and was down the block from our hotel.The only bad thing I have to say about this place is parking, but you should except it down by the quarter. I had the oyster po-boy and the breading was delicious. It was so big I couldn't finish all of it. One of my friends had the crawfish po-boy but I think the oyster was better, but the batter for the crawfish was crunchier. My other friend had the red beans and rice and Wow the sausage is so good I'm still craving it now! I don't even like beans but this dish was yummy! The service was a little slow but still very attentive, so if your in New Orleans definitely give this place a try!I wouldn't recommend it. Very rude staff which killed the entire experience. There are plenty of other bars/restaurants in the area that provide much better service.Perfect po'boy!! It takes a while to get your food but it's pretty worth it! Ive eaten there around 3 times in 2 days. Love itAmazing places to stop and eat! Great food and atmosphere. The staff was on their A-game! Great conversations from the waitress with us. Excellent place to stop and rest. Also the prices for the food was the best around and portion sizes are very nice!Mediocre food and reasonable drinks, 24-hours a day,   Hurricanes and Bloody Marys are balanced and drinkable. 
On two recent visits, the fried shrimp po-boy and nachos were both good.  But the burger tasted like it was a crappy frozen patty, and the gumbo tasted like canned beef soup, rather than roux.
I was confused the first time I heard of this place, since DejaVu is also the name of a national stripclub chain that manages 2 of the places on nearby Bourbon Street.
Service was brusque but attentive on the 2 visits.  Crowded, this place would be unpleasant, and I did see a rat or large mouse in the bathroom during one of the recent visits.
For a destination restaurant, this place would rate lower, but for late-night, off-hours, 24-hour convenience in the Quarter, it's one of your few choices, and they do alright.Great little bar! We walked in because we heard good music. We got the bacon cheese burger and the fried chicken and both were soooo delicious and very filling!! And cheap! Nothing fancy but it does the job. Highly recommend.My friend and I weren't so sure of this place but we risked it.  It actually turned out pretty good.  The food was delish and the bartender was funny and friendly.  We sat at the bar to eat lunch because they do not split checks at the tables.  I would come here again for lunch.  Not sure what it is like at night.This place has the best burgers I have ever had. Derick the waiter was the friendliest and hard working waiter. I highly recommend this place and ask for Derick.I have honestly never been so disrespected in my life. I just walked in for a glass of water and was yelled at because they didn't think I was 21. Never going back.Haven't been here in long time.  Its pretty cleaned up!   Red beans... perfect.  Smokey.  Yum.OMG!!! CAJUN BREAKFAST OMELET IS INCREDIABLE!!! So good that I went back the next day and the next..then I took two orders to good and had then for breakfast for the next for days.
Spoke with the cook who definitely takes pride in his craft.It was late night when we were there and I'm sure our waitress had had a long day, and being Halloween had probably had some rough customers,  however, we weren't those people. When we first sat down st the only table open, she explained to us that it had been left dirty on purpose so that she could catch up. We went ahead and ordered nicely ignoring her obvious distaste in us having sat in her section. Now on to the food....meat pies were GREAT......catfish poboy?  Not so much....it was cold as ice and when I drew it to the attention of the waitress, I didn't even have to say it was cold, she already knew....when she brought it back to me, it had half as much fish on it than when I sent it.....perhaps another time it would be better, but I won't know because I have no intention on going back. .....did I mention the blaring acid/metal music?$13 for 9 hot wings? The wings were good. But not THAT good. I would not do it again at that price.The bartender doesn't know how to mix a kamikaze? Bartender 101, lime+ sour mix+vodka; If you don't know how to mix it ask!! I ordered a vodka & tonic. All that I tasted was tonic.Went for lunch. We were a bit way since it was almost completely empty. But the food was good (recommend the breakfast omelets!) And the service was great. The cell phone battery of the folks behind us was dying and the waiter lent them his external battery pack to recharge it. Truly amazingly nice.I've heard nothing but good things about this place so my crew and I decided to check it out our last day in the Nola for brunch. 
I wasn't impressed. 
The bartender had a funky attitude, and didn't know how to make a sex on the beach lol. Instead of fixing the common drink, he gets offended and throws a hissy fit. Sex on the beaches are pink and or orange, NOT BROWN AND GREEN. 
Secondly, the food wasn't the WORST but it definitely wasn't something I'll try twice. It tasted like it was cooked in old grease. Not to mention the little bugs racing on the jelly packets on the table. 
Stop believing these lying ass reviews. Unless your drunk at 3am looking for some greasy food...just keep walking. 
The only thing I'd recommend is the waiter, he was very accommodating.24 hours. Went in at 10 am for some breakfast. 
Two po'boys and a Gin & Tonic (G&T isn't really booze is it? Sobers you up if anything)
Great atmosphere, friendly staff - takeaway available - I'll be happy to go back - obviously at night too.
Food was great too - more than happy.For a 24 hr spot it's decent.  Not over priced.  Wouldn't be my first choice during the day, but for dinner @ midnight its okayWalked in and saw only four people eating so I knew this wouldn't end well. Saw the quality of food come out after reading a sticky menu and was immediately turned off... just had a beer and went someplace else to eat.I went here after a concert for a late night meal with a friend a little after midnight. The moment I walked in I noticed this faint smell of mildew coming from the AC vents. We sat ourselves as directed by the bartender and waited a couple minutes for a server ( place had one other couple present and 2 or 3 servers). When our server came over she asked for our drink orders and handed us two grease stained paper menus. My friend (who is a guy that will eat anything settled on a grilled cheese afraid to get a burger. I was decided to get the burger, I figured it's probably going to be a frozen patty. Although, I wasn't expecting the greatest meal I surely wasn't expecting a bleeding burger. When my burger came out a corner was cut off. The server said she cut it to be sure it was cooked through. This immediately caused me to be on ALERT. I cut the burger in halve (down the middle in the thickest section) and it was surely bloody. Called the server over told her about the burger and asked for the check. When she brought the check she said the default burger was always medium (the burger was more rare then medium) unless the patron tells her otherwise. I've never heard such crap and the fact she had to cut it to see if it was cooked tells me this must happen often. I definitely wouldn't recommend eating here. Not even for a drunk meal.We had a taste for po boys while in New Orleans and decided to give this place a try.  I had the fried shrimp one and my husband had the crawfish one.  They were so good and the bread is so fresh.  I've had some really crappy po boy sandwiches with dry bread and no flavor.  The shrimp was super crispy and delicious.  The place is a little dive-ish, so don't wear your Sunday best.  Easy going staff and fast service!We were here 4 years ago late one night. Came back and the red beans and rice is still amazing. Get the spicy sausage.So, I read the reviews and decided to check the place out for breakfast with a friend. The place was messy, filled with cigarette smoke at 8am.
 The server was nice and was quick to take our order. The food arrived 43 mins later.  Everything tasted great, the price for everything a great deal. 
Now, onto the bathrooms disgusting, no toilet paper or handsoap thank god for napkins and hand sanitizer. 
If you go make sure my purse or pocket is stocked with toiletries cause you never know if you'll need your own.This place was Ok, n probably wonderful IF its late nite n your hungover. The restrooms are small n cramped, NOT clean. The glasses of water & the cups of old Coffee served us smelled to stunk--either city H2O or Restaurant dishwasher needs Hotter Temp. We could NOT drink the water nor luke warm coffee. The waitress was nice, she worked real hard busing and serving n taking orders too--she needed help. THE FOOD WAS OK, BUT ITS HARD TO RUIN BREAKFAST , BUT it was close. We doubt if we ever return here or bring out of towners TO THIS PLACE..Perhaps we MAY/Might return to try their PoBoys!...The atmosphere was cluttered , too many tables n chairs amoung VIDEO Poker Machines. The Tv sound was Too loud, even for a football game..Most patrons were annoyed by loud yelling, screaming Tanked up patrons at a 11am Game...it wasnt even a local game nor SAINTS..In all we could not wait to get the meal,eat,pay the check!!! SO MUCH FOR A RELAXING SUNDAY AM...SHOULD HAVE GONE TO THE GERMAN RESTURANT NEXT DOOR!!-SEE PICSGreat dive bar with fresh food and large portions! If you want fancy, don't go here. But if you like dive bars, I highly recommend, esp the breakfast. I had the veggie omelet and my friend had the eggs Benedict. Superb.5:34. In the AM. This is when I arose today, meandered my way through harried traffic, salmoned my way upstream through airport security, and finally boarded a plane and made my way to New Orleans. And I sort of doubt any of that bit is particularly remarkable, especially if you back it out against the idea of Tales (where folks come from everywhere), and the fact remains that once you get here there is more hard core sipping opportunities than necessary, and (even if you're dutiful when it comes to minding your options), precious little dining opportunities. 
Don't get me wrong, all of the aforementioned makes for an interesting day, but you're grateful for a bite when that happens along. And a steak dinner, side of steamed and buttered veggies, and a cold one? Less than twelve bucks. 
Only one thing's better than sticking to your bottom line on a fair priced dinner, and grabbing a terrific bite in the process. An easy walk in the quarter, and Tuesdays and Thursdays, if you're wondering, are steak nights. That sounds like a winner to me.Worst cheese fries I ever had. Seems they were defrosted in a microwave and the cheese was barely melted. When I told the waiter he didn't care.The food at Deja Vu, unfortunately, kept coming up, literally.  Besides the food, the staff was were kind and personable.  They are opened 24 hrs/7days.Loved this place.  Open 24 hours.  We had the grilled chicken, nachos, and sausage sandwich.   It was right across from our hotel so easy to access also.  Visited at lunch time so the service was fast and we were satisfied... The food was simple bar food but very good!I cant attest to the drinks here, because we only ended up here on those rare occasions when we couldn't drink any more. 
It was this or ihop one night after we figured out the bars went all night, not the food. Alas, in tourist stupor, we had forgotten to eat. 
I was apprehensive when we walked in. They were blasting annoying rap, and our waitress was a bit surly. But my pulled pork poboy, our towering basket of onion rings, and his omelet made us very happy and satisfied, so much so, that a later visit allowed us to experience red beans and rice with sausage, and yet another pulled pork poboy, along with the same waitress, who was suddenly in a great mood and sweet as pralines. 
We staggered off pounds heavier, and just a few dollars lighter. :-DThis bar/restaurant gets the job done if you're hung over and don't want to wait in lines for food. Usually isn't very busy. Breakfast is usually on the greasy side. Biscuits and gravy is good, but a huge portion. Their alligator bites are good and so is most of the menu. Don't expect any culinary genius from this place, just the basics. Bathrooms aren't the best.It's open 24 hours, and in New Orleans, that's important. You'd think that more restaurants would stay open late. Anyway, great service. Drinks are pretty stiff. I really like the meat pies. That's what I usually get, when I am there. You can get breakfast late at night as well. Music is pretty loud. Isn't that crowded which is nice. Just a place to hang out, after a late night.If you are looking for somewhere fancy to eat while in the French Quarter of New Orleans this is not the place for you. It is the classic example of the textbook version of a dive joint but do not let that keep you away from it. Yeah it is dark inside and yeah the folks in there might not be what you would call the beautiful people but they give you some good service  and even more the food is great. No matter if you are talking about their steak special on Tuesdays and Thursdays, any of their po boys (I highly recommend the hot spicy sausage one) or their burgers which have a outstanding flavor and have, at least for me and my wife have always been cooked to perfection as well as their large side items such as their fries or mushrooms all their food is wonderful and reasonably priced. Another perk is that they are open 24/7 so after a long nite out on Bourbon St. this is the place to grab some grub. You have to give them a try, you'll be glad ya did.We stopped in here because we like to visit the local places, and see what's going on.  We had a nice conversation with the bartender and one waitress who was just getting off, and we enjoyed that.  We also had Bloody Marys and Veggie Burgers.  
The Bloody Marys were priced right, and had the pickled green beans that I like, and that we only find down here.  The taste was pretty good, but just a little bit different than others.  I liked the amount of horseradish used - it suited my tastes perfectly.
As for the veggie burgers, they were just "so-so."  One patty, ( a lot of place in the Quarter serve them with two), and the price wasn't that great, especially considering they came without fries, chips, or anything but a light garnish.  Other than that, the flavor was pretty good, but I would not come back here just for that.  I probably wouldn't come back just for the Bloody Marys, either.  
I would, however, come back for the conversation.  I enjoyed the information we got from the bartender, and the waitress was so nice to share with us even though she was eating after just getting off work.  
All in all, a pretty good, local experience that gave more of the feel of what the city is like all the time, and not just during a festival.  If you want a good, local experience, this might be a good choice.  A-OK is a fair assessment.Best red beans and rice in the French Quarter. BEST 5$ bloody  marys. Good poboyswith fresh bread.Catfish and roast beef. 4$ draftsGreat local joint for Real Diner food!  Fantastic place after late night carousing or lunch, or a necessary quarter snack.  Hearty and soul warming fries and everything else. Great service and adequate wine list, even though it doesn't look like it has either of those two things from the outsideThe food is reasonably priced, but it's not fresh. Also, they automatically add a 25% tip to the bill, so don't expect the waitresses to feel like they need to work for their tip. Absolutely terrible service.Don't get it confused with the strip club. It's just a bar and restaurant. If you need a good place to have a cheap drink and some regular diner food that's open 24/7 go here. The bartenders are nice. The vibe in there is mellow.  Not too many tourists considering the location and everything is reasonably priced.This place was awesome! When we first arrived to NOLA we smirked at the drunk patrons outside at 7am... This place is open 24 hours - and not just for food. You'll likely find someone drinking at any given time. However - we decided to stop in and I experienced the BEST of NOLA in three areas: 
BEST BLOODY MARY's. I don't know what Joe the bartender did to those things, but WOW. Next, the BEST RED BEANS & RICE. It was served with homemade spicy sausage. Omg.... to die for. Lastly, the best service. The bartender reminded me of our favorite spot back home. Kind of sarcastic, kind of funny... and pours heavy. ;) 
We might have smirked the first day, but we returned to Deja Vu three times during our stay for drinks or a quick bite. Good stuff... don't let the outside fool you.Why hello there 24 Hour Diner of Fried Delights!!
I stay a couple blocks from here so have been quite a few times and I felt the need to share the knowledge. These people are open like the sweet words sung by sir lionel richie:  All. Night. Long. This is nearly impossible to find in the quarter. 
I often come in drunk and rowdy when it is still dark out and leave with a full belly to the beautiful blues of a french quarter morning. bless those servers there. they are patient, they always get our orders right and on the table quickly. 
my favorite is their deep fried green beans. so delicious!I went there for breakfast this morning on the recommendation of a gypsy cab driver. The place looks like a dive from the outside. It looks like a dive on the inside. But the service is outstanding and the food is incredible. I had the French toast breakfast. The bread was so fresh that it had just come off of the bread truck. Delicious! The ambiance is great once you've been there a while. Lots of country music. I'll go back.Funky little bar lots of character food not too bad service so so it was close to the hotel we stayed in so it was convenient . I must say the men's room was the worst I've ever been in ever! My girlfriend said the ladies room wasn't too badLate night stop! I'm always skeptical of late night places but this was quite a surprise! I ordered the ham, egg and cheese biscuit because I was scared.. I wished I would've gotten more the biscuit was great ham was cooked great even eat a piece of steak from my friends plate!! Anytime I'm quarters late night I'll def go be back!!!Great breakfasts, I ate here every morning of my trip to Nola Deja Vu omelette with the biscuit! Epic. Did not avail myself of the bar, that early in morning but it's there!Service is extremely sloooooooowwwww.
But if it's late night and you're looking for some grub, you don't have very many other options.
Food was ok - had a breakfast sandwich and the biscuits with sausage gravy.Open at All Hours.
It's nice that this place is open 24 hours a day. On Fridays they have $7 steak and fries which is a pretty good dinner value. The crowd is definitely distinct/unique/interesting. This place does its job for a late night food place pretty well and its pretty affordable. Not too greasy, not too expensive, open 24 hours, not bad.Great place for a filling breakfast!  I had the chicken fried steak and eggs and was set for hours of walking all over.  The food was very tasty.
Staff was very attentive and friendlyI've stopped by Deju Vu twice within the past month and will be stopping by again for sure before the year ends
It is a very simple place. It has a bar, a few tables and 1 or 2 TVs. It is a great place to stop by if you want a quick meal or decently priced drink at a place that won't be too crowded. They have a variety of meal choices and give you a large portion of food. My friend ordered nachos and it was large enough to feed the both of us. Their pulled pork sandwiches are to die for!
I warn you, the drinks are strong! I got a Hurricane to go and boy did I enjoy it. I don't remember the exact price of the drink but it was under $8.
Oh and it's open 24 hours. Go to Deja Vu now! :-DStars are for the food. 
Late night servers on Saturday nights are uppity and condescending.
Would eat there again during a different server shift.Could be 4 stars if it wasn't for the new waiter disregarding my concerns. 1 star for the variety on their menu. 1 star for the location. 1 star for the fact that they're open late. Deducted one star because the hot wings were obviously old. They tasted leftover from yesterday, looked leftover and tasted concerning. The wing sauce was great, but the wings were old. I know food. I'm a fresh and natural food eater. I could see in the meat and bone discoloration that they were old. I addressed with the waiter. He sniffed them and tried to argue about it. Like someone is going to eat something that someone else's nose was over. I had to rant for too long before he agreed to take them off my bill. He had a bad attitude about it and this is not what customer service should be like. He had just started working there a few weeks ago. So he was new. He could have at least grabbed a manager. Also the tables were filthy. Other than that, the red beans and rice and the sausage that comes with them were a great meal. I'd go back for that, alone. Right in the heart of the French QuarterGreat location just off Bourbon street across from the Dauphine Orleans Hotel.  24 hour service.  We had gator balls, the shrimp po-boy and a pulled pork po-boy, red beans and rice with spicy sausage and the sweet potato andouille sausage bisque.  Hands down the favorite was the red beans & rice with spicy sausage.  We also had bloody mary's, which were really good.  Yes, the staff was a bit surly and it is a dive, but if you go in knowing to expect that, you probably won't be disappointed in your experience there.Why we didn't know about this place u till our last morning, I will never know if the food was really good or I was hungover and it was really good. But it tasted great to me.
It's like a dark, small dive bar that serves real food. The service was good and the food was cheap. When we we there fortunately there were no smokers. I luckily didn't have to deal with eating in a smoky place. Which I really hate to do by the way.Awesome food, awesome service with a great atmosphere. The Long Island Iced teas are awesome!Great pot roast and mash. Being open 24/7 definitely helps. My go to late night destinationThursday night is $5.99 steak night and now it's in our schedule!! D-lish food, great NOLA beer on tap and we get to hang with Joe!! Our weekend starts on Thursday at the VU!!!!To call this place gritty is an understatement. 
Service was rude and the bartender was literally stuffing his face while taking my order (after a 10 minute wait at the bar). 
Bathroom was absolutely disgusting. 
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone.Great dive bar with great beer selection. I had the Shrimp Po Boy which was classic style no thrills but great tasting. My GF order the bacon cheeseburger which she describes it has a classic American fare
Overall good local place to eat and drinkThis place is magical! First place we went in New Orleans.. If you like dirty rap songs blasting at 8:30 am and locals drinking and dancing then this is the place for you. This is no frills New Orleans goodness! The food is good after a night of drinking and is cheap to boot. Our server was friendly in a strange awkward way and we returned a second time for 6.99 steaks on Tuesday. If you are on a budget and love to people watch do yourself a favor a come here. It really has it all and is open 24 hours a day.Hookers, strippers and all that New Orleans is known for at 4am in the morning, what could be better? I have been coming here for years after a night out on the town and they have never let me down! Sometimes you even get some interesting entertainment from the locals!It may seem a bit snooty and disingenuous of me to say that I despise tourists when I don't actually have a mailing address in NOLA. But I have been coming to this great city long enough that I believe myself to be more of a part time resident than a toursita'.  And I love this place Deja Vu because it is off the beaten path but yet directly on the stumbling path of my late night NOLA escapades.
That being said, you know y'all ?! Sometimes the difference between a 3 star, a 4 star, and a 5 star is how you put it all together.  Again, I have to give Deja Vu another very SOLID 4 star review because again..there is no such thing as 5 star bar food.. but I just have got to say Damn! They did it again and this is good!
I think there was a special that night or something on Guiness Stout draft? Maybe I hallucinated that but yet ended up with one in front of me which was real enough and hit the spot right through my goozle and down to my rubbery bouncing liver. Yes. Delightful.
Deja Vu was completely different on this night than a few days before but just as good. Not as loud and there were not as many people here but it was earlier eating at 10:30pm as opposed to 2am. A different vibe.  Right?  This particular waitress was particularly impatient but not all together unfriendly as she huffed and answered my questions about the menu. Was I acting like a tourist because I wanted to know if the meat pies were fresh or frozen? I thought that was an informed question.  Me:  a good Southern boy breaking out all my "please", "thank you's" and "yes ma'ams".  I may be a local part time drunk but I am always polite! I won her over in due time and even got a few smiles. Meat pies were frozen. Meh. No thanks. Ok, then lets me and my lady companion split the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya for starters. It was tasty but a bit over salted but I got to remember this is bar food right? Still meh.  The beer with it made it SPECIAL though but I will get to that!
We then ordered and split the catfish po-boy with delicious fries of course because their fries here are 5 star! Got it? The catfish had a generously sized fillet which made me feel better about paying 10 bucks for it. Again, this close to Bourbon Street so you really CAN'T bitch! Now here is where Deja-Vu truly pulls away from the pack of bars with bar food... THE BEER SELECTION! 
With the Jambalya and the Catfish Po-Boy I had for the first time an LA-31 Biere Pale locally brewed by Bayou Teche Biere which went nicely with the seafood and was a new departure for me than my regular Dixie Lager (Note: They brewed this beer special to go with the seafood and I must admit that it DOES work nicely this way. It tastes much better with seafood than it does alone). If you order seafood you should REALLY try this beer! Description: Belgian malts, American hops, and a bisquity malt center, herbal hop flavors and a gentle mellow bitterness. That sent the food here off perfectly. 
Now onto dessert ! I had another locally brewed beer. A Hopitoulas IPA and it was yummy as all get out! Stupid good India Pale Ale with a perfect hoppy finish! Pure delight!
FINAL VOTE: : Deja Vu will ALWAYS be a regular stop for me EVERY time I come to NOLA. Their 24 hour "motis operandi"  fits my work schedule perfectly for the late night meal. My only concern is that all my past visits to NOLA I found Deja Vu by accident. I just hope when I try to deliberately find it next time that it is still there andnot turn out to not just be a dream! Tip to the uninitiated: This is a local hangout. Don't act like an a$$hole tourist. Capiche'?Interesting bar / restaurant. We went for lunch on Memorial day. Our waitress was friendly and interesting. Lots of conversation at the bar. Seems like they have a large amount of regulars. 
I ordered the chicken fried steak sandwich and added gravy. It was delicious but kinda messy. 
Great spot for a drink or regular food without a fuss.Best fries we had in the city! We had a french dip sandwich which we split and we were both full. The french dip was also good. Good late night food.Kinda stumbled into this place. Lots of IPAs on tap, even a double IPA for those who REALLY love IPAs. The gator balls and boudin balls were good for appetizer. Had fried crawfish poboy, which was ok. The others in my party enjoyed their entrees, catfish platter, jambalaya, and etoufee. They also serve breakfast all day, though didn't try it. Overall not bad.The place to go to if you want to eat during non-traditional times.  Like 3 in the am or when you don't have other choices.  The food was ok, nothing to write home about.  It is super cheap though.  I had a half shrimp and half oyster po-boy and it was average.  The shrimp was small salad size and I was disappointed as it had more batter than anything else.  The oysters were average size and tasty.  Beer is ice cold, but it took a while to get it.  It came after I got the food.We staggered in here with a group of 20 for a bachelor party for dinner. Looking at the menu, I was completely underwhelmed.  The blue cheese burger was fine, but I was disappointed to not be trying something with some more soul.  The fries had to be out of a frozen bag but plenty salty for you to slam them down. 
I'm kind of surprised by many of the positive reviews because this place didn't seem that interesting.  The server was not particularly friendly, but maybe she wasn't super excited about a party of 20.Sexiest back of house staff in the quarter serving the sexiest gluten free pancakes and Chinese food! Rude servants and beer givers. You'll feel happy of yourself once you've tasted the scrumptious homemade candy. You get free food if you dance at Deja Vu Showgirls.Jumbalaya was on the dry side and the seafood gumbo wasn't all that either. Service was very good thoughGreat local pub. Open 24/7 which can be a life saver if you get up at 8am when everything is closed.  Ended up here a few times while in NOLA and had a great time no matter what time of the day it was. Try their VU breakfast sandwich. It's hits the spot!! 
Staff was great!! Food was hot and the beers freezing cold! See you guys next time I'm there.got to new orleans for the first time about two weeks ago really late at night... this was the only 24 joint that was serving up oysters, which i had thought about all during our plane ride. naturally i was drunk by the time i stumbled in... which is sad because as drunk as i was, i couldnt even enjoy the food. prior to this i thought i couldve enjoyed eating rotten cats if i was at least drunk munching. they didnt have oysters so i was recommended the crawfish poboy... the waitress (who was realllllllly nice) said she wouldve recommended the craws over the oys. they must get some Reallllllly bad oysters then. these crawfish tasted like they had been frozen for 2 years...that stale chalky freezer taste... yikes. fries were undercooked. the bread was bread... 
they deliver to your hotel if you want... but really just order the late night room service. 
i dont know why other people are rating this place so high. is it because its open 24? is it because the drinking there is good? is it because its kinda off bourbon and is a bit of peace for your beer? i dunno... i tried the jambalaya too... meh. 
Not for the hungry...Friendly staff great service Breakfast was fast & speedily served open 24/7 I had gumbo for breakfast yummyHavent eaten here but read about the bloodies being phenomenal when reading reviews of the dauphine orleans - and yes, they ARE.
Sadly they have a $10 minimum for cards - which is more than a bloody is...Grabbed a late meal here, realizing casual comfort food sounded better at the end of a ling day than the fancier place uptown for which we had reservations. The red beans and rice were hearty, tasty and outstanding. I wish I hadn't ordered anything else because that was all I needed.
Service was good and fast. I could tell they're used to dealing with a drunk, rowdy crowd, so they're focused on getting your order and getting you your food without any fuss.
Deja Vu is a straightforward New Orleans diner that gets the job done.Good food, kind of a dive. Not expensive. Good choice for eats on the cheap side. Staff was friendly and service reasonably quick.I was super happy to find a place that serves food and especially breakfast food 24/7. I'm sure that would appeal to the imbibers late night. My partner grabbed a English muffin sandwich which he raved about. I ordered an omelet. But the omelet was way more greasy than I would have liked. I couldn't even really taste the egg over all the grease. Good idea in theory and good effort.A great bar, wonderful staff. Carmela treated us like friends, visited her several times. Very good breakfast as well, and usually not very crowded in the morning so no wait to eat and good food.I thought this was pretty good bar food. I had the catfish and the wife had a BLT. Portion sizes we generous and the catfish was nice little bite size nuggets of heaven. The wife can be a finicky eater and she had no complaints with her BLT. A great place to sit on a Sunday evening and watch a football game, drink beer,  and rest your tired dogs.The French Toast was amazing!  I have also had the steak the which was soooooo good!  Tues and Thurs is steak night... will definitely be there next TuesdayI love love *love* this place!! Was in New Orleans for two weeks for a convention/vacation and once we stumbled across this place it ended up being our go to place for grub. Service is amazing, food is wonderful and pretty good price wise and it's open all the damn time! Plus since it's a bar too only 21 and above... I would completely suggest this place to other visiters and when I get a chance to go back, I will for sure be stopping in again..veggie burger has no flavor and was very average overall.. the bun was stale and the side of veggies were barely cooked with no seasoning what so everService was friendly, but food was not good at all (veggie burger, hamburger eaten by our party). 
Friendly service and enjoyed the divey atmosphere.longest walk of my nola trip and well worth it. had some awesome po boys, nachos, and local beer (abita)
wife had roast beef poboy, I had crawfish. we both enjoyed them very much and the price was great. server (derek? derrick?) was incredibly friendly and most memorable service of our trip.  nachos were great as well, i think they make their own chips, delicious toppings. highly recommended.Perfect place for late night dirty burgers!  Mushroom and onion burger with a fried egg is sinful and delicious!!  Worm, our waitress, was outstanding!!!We chose this bar for breakfast based on other reviews and they weren't wrong. It's a quaint place with a really good breakfast that is VERY affordable. Will be going back for breakfast and drinks again soon.Holy balls, what an awesome random find.
Their Roast Beef po boy was insanely good.  Breakfast all day long, smoking at tables, spicy bloody mary's... a juke box pumping out some serious tunes.
I need this in Boston.My husband and I stopped here when we realized how hungry we were from walking all day. The prices were really good and my husband loved his chili cheeseburger. I ordered a grilled cheese which was good, but I had wished I ordered fries with it because I was still a bit hungry after. The atmosphere in the restaurant was really cool and we had great service!Was in NOLA for a Bachelorette party. We Stayed across the street at Dauphine Orleans Hotel. On the 1st night we were looking for some late night grub while waiting for the rest of our group to arrive. The Hotel suggested Deja Vu.
2 of us got the Bloody Mary. They were good. The best part of the drink was the pickled green beans!! As listed on the menu, they are "only $5" for 16oz. 
For food, I got the catfish po' boy, the bachelorette got the pulled pork po' boy and our friend got the jambalaya. The po' boys were delicious. I would say the pulled pork was better than the catfish. The portions were also very large. My only critique of the po' boys would be, I wish the catfish po' boy had more stuffing. It was relatively minimal in comparison to the pulled pork. The pulled pork & the catfish were cooked perfectly with great seasoning. The jambalaya was good too. I just wish the pieces of meat were a bit larger. They were tiny pieces of sausage that you barely noticed. 
All in all the food was good & just what we needed at 12am while waiting for our friends. I would definitely visit the establishment again if I wanted some late night food in New Orleans.The food is more like hang over food, the seafood gumbo is subpar, lacked flavor and seafood, only had 2 pieces off shrimp in it. The fair balz were ok, they were like fried cheese balls with small bits of meat in it. I should have stuck with the po-boyFantastic food and great service. I want to go back. Bacons crispy and the biscuits and gravy is to cry for.Where should I start, OK I was looking for the best burger n new orleans and yes o found them here and yes the have the best, the place is fucken Kool I just think  they need more welcoming servers to match this place and yes because the server is so rude I'm giving 4 starsStayed at the Dauphine Hotel across the street from Deja Vu.  Walked by it many a time for the 3 days on my way to Bourbon, finally decided to stop in on my last day in NOLA, Man, I wish i would have discovered it sooner!
The food is the typical diner styled eats.  From their full breakfast menu to bugers,  seafood gumbo and fried chicken.  You're bound to find something you'll like. (Loved the Corned Beef Hash!)
Then the fact that its open 24 hours, that just makes it all the better.
If I had to complain about one thing, it would be the strong odor of cigarettes.  But being that it IS technically restaurant/bar, it should be expected as New Orleans still allows smoking inside bars.  With that said, DO NOT let that deter you from coming in and enjoying comfort food at its finest!Great locals joint in the heart of the French Quarter! So much to choose from on the menu, we ate there three times while we were visiting the city, all GREAT meals, from the fried green beans to the breakfasts! Mary runs a great restaurant!Roomy and comfortable place with classic diner fare. It's not fancy, groundbreaking, or expensive but it will hit the spot.This place is frustrating. I work across the street in an office with a bunch of people who would love to get carry out from here for lunch a couple of times a week. However, they refuse to take phone orders and require you come in and wait. This doesn't work on a brief lunch break. Stupid, you are turning local business away.Deja Vu is a great spot to grab a drink and food to go or dine in. It's a little smokey in there for my liking but the fried shrimp po boy is delicious! That keeps me coming back. Every time I've gone in to get a po boy to go they have been helpful, kind, and quick!The bartender is amazing the food is amazing as well but the waitress is horrible went there two night in a row she wanted to check out Id I get you have to do your job but dam I'm 44 years old I don't look 21 and she was so rude so with that I would not go there and head to the alibi way better service
The waitress in talking about was working the 24th at 225 amWalked in here on a rainy morning/afternoon while visiting.  Wasn't pumped about going in.  Enjoyed a few beers, then ordered rice and beans with hot sausage.  That meal earned this place 5 stars.  So good.  I think the best rice and beans I've ever had.Good New Orleans cuisine and draft beer. Definitely worth visiting.Great food and really nicely priced drinks close to bourbon Street. The kitchen is open 24/7! The staff is super friendly and the vibe is really chill.The shrimp po boy was great!  The nachos were good but next time I will hold on the chili. The bartender was funny and lively. He was able to offer great recommendations to nearby sights. I know it's a bar but the only downside was the smoking. Wish they would open the doors for ventilation.  Other then that,  I would come here again.Stopped in here to grab some quick food before exploring the area. Our waitress was polite and the food was the usual bar quality hot meal. The Cajun Meat Patties were delicious. The prices were also normal for the style and food.
The atmosphere was bumping for being noon which was nice and overall the experience was decent. We will have to return while bar hopping to see how the night life is!Great Place! I love this place and go there every time I come to town. it's a nice place outside the french quarter. The bartender Eric is always a pleasure to talk to and takes great care of me and my business partners. The jukebox is great also!!This was the real deal, man! The breakfast was great and service friendly. What more can I say; oh yeah ... full bar!Came in to watch the LSU football game while in NOLA. First off, there was smoking inside which I HATE but it is first and foremost, a bar! Food was below average. The grilled chicken was semi burnt and seasoned very little. I couldn't put enough salt and pepper on the mashed potatoes to hide the fact that they were instant. The whole place is divey and disgusting, but beggars can't be choosers when it comes to finding a moderately priced place for lunch with a tv in NOLA! There was a very narrow hallway to get to the bathrooms and they were crowded with junk. I was disappointed by the bar because specialty drinks seem to be at a minimum. Overall, I give it two stars because the staff was really nice. I know, I'm a softy!This is THE spot for a late night meal or 24/7 breakfast in the Quarter. I think I eat more breakfast than anything. Best prices on drinks as well.my favorite thing to do when in the Quarter: stumbling back after a long night in the Vieux Carre, grabbing some of the best seafood gumbo and fried catfish po' boys you're gonna find in NOLA, and having another drink and a dance in a dark, charming, neon-hued tavern with some colorful clientele, before suddenly waking up the next morning and wondering where my shoes are.Cold beer, tasty gumbo, and Gator Balz on a humid May evening. Need I say more? Okay, a little more - bartender (Aaron?) was friendly and made great recommendations. The Gator Bahlz had chunks of Gator (tastes like chicken) in a creamy mixture that I thought tasted like ground up stove top stuffing (my kryptonite), VERY moist. Good in the spicy aioli dipping sauce. Lots of shrimp in the seafood gumbo, too. Cheap....scratch that - INEXPENSIVE eats.
May come back to try breakfast!24-hour delivery is what makes this place shine, and the food is pretty great too. I had the crawfish and corn soup, and it had plenty of crab and crawfish to satisfy. Food is fresh and tasty, and prompt delivery service around the French Quarter at all hours of the night. Never been inside, but happy just sitting in my pj's eating my Deja Vu soup.This place is awesome. The service is really good and quick. The guys refilled waters super fast and the food was so awesome. Got the egg sandwich with bacon and I about died. Derrick was the guy in charge of our table and he should be promoted to CEO. I was really impressed. My parents got the French Toast which was mouth watering. The prices were like four bucks for my sandwich and 8 bucks for the French Toast. Why would you go anywhere else for breakfast when this place was not crowded, cool, and you aren't getting gouged like everywhere else in nawlins. They let me watch the tour de france on the TV which was icing on the cake. Kudos to this hard working staff.If you need to sober up and grab and good and quick breakfast, this is your spot. This was located near my hotel on Bourban St and it's walking distance!A spectacular local divey bar with better than average food and cold drinks for VERY reasonable prices! This place is a couple of blocks off of of Bourbon and open 24/7 so it's a great spot to escape the craziness and grab an actually decent bite whenever the drinks catch up with you and you don't want a gross slice of pizza from a counter. I've been here several times in my two trips to Nola and always been pleased with the food and the service. It's not much to look at but I'm definitely a fan!Screw the negative reviews below this. If you want a dive bar dining place, this is for you. The service was fast and friendly, the place's decor you wont forget. My wife and I both got fried shrimp po boys and shared jambalaya. It was good, no complaints. If you want overpriced upscale restaurants don't come here. If you want a chill laid back lunch, come here.Riding out Hurricane Isaac and this place is the few that remained opened. Short walk from the hotel and I found myself making three additional trips so far. Cool atmosphere and nice place to hang out. Pretentious people please pass!I love this place! Great greasy spoon with lots of options.  It's open 24 hours a day and they deliver!I didn't try the food, so won't give it 5 stars, but the Bloody Mary I got there Saturday morning was Excellent!  Hand crafted, custom Bloody Mary for breakfast by a bartender that has apparently made plenty of them!  Highly recommended.Every time we call the people who answer are extremely rude even telling us to call back in a few hours to make an order. Today I called and ordered something simple and they added $5 worth of extra stuff to it and expected me to pay for it when I called to speak to the owner MARY she said "if you don't want it don't pay for it" and ended the conversation. I had to call again to try and resolve it again and was spoke to rudely. All I wanted was what I ordered. Shouldn't be this difficult. But now I'm sure they will spit in my food .... Think I'll order else where. Lesson learned. Never go back!!!!The food was good. I ate here several times as my hotel was across the street. Was always  good food but the last time, the service was horrible. I would not discourage you from coming here but hopefully you will have another bartender or sit in the restaurant part, not at the bar.  The bartender never said a word while I was here other than to a lady that asked him if he would ever smile and he said no.  He said something else under his breath that I couldn't hear. He did also talk to a straight couple that came in. So if you're straight he will be fine. If you're a single male, not so good. He should not be in a customer service job. He should be a cook so he doesn't have to deal with people.Average dive bar location. Below average bar food. Came here when the first place fell through. I don't like eating in somewhere where smoking is allowed and that is the case here. The service was good. We had the onion rings as an appetizer and I thought they could use more seasoning. My open face roast beef consisted of what appeared to be toasted bunny bread with roast beef on top and instant mashed potatoes. It was all topped with gravy that came from a pack. It had absolutely no seasoning. I would have expected at least Texas toast and either homemade potatoes or gravy with seasoning. As far as the bar part goes, it's pretty good and that's the only reason I'm giving it 2 stars.