I went to Del Fuego twice in a week. Really, I went twice in 3 days because it was that good and both times I was blown away.
Okay, so the first time I went was on a Saturday night. There was a bit of a wait, but after about 10 minutes we were seated on the front patio. It was a nice evening, so I was happy to sit outside. My only complaint, and it had NOTHING to do with Del Fuego, was that we were seated next to a large party of college guys who were loud and reacted with "OH!!!!" every time one of them said something. I could have done without that.
So, I ordered a house margarita and looked over the menu. The margarita came on the rocks and tasted fresh and had a lot of flavor. For the appetizer, we decided on the Queso Fundido con Chorizo Verde which is melted queso with meat and spinach served with small soft tortillas so that you can make little wraps. It was delicious and full of flavor with a nice mix of spices. For my entree, I decided on the Los Tres Hermanos Burrito (The Brothers Three) which came packed with pork, chicken, rice beans, guacamole and onions. The burrito was perfect and it was so good and a great deal at $9. We also had the chance to sample some tequilas, and while I am not a "drink tequila straight" type of person, I found it smooth with little to no "after burn".
When I went back, on a Tuesday, there was no wait at all and we were seated inside, which I think I prefer to sitting outside. We got the Ceviche which is gulf fish with tomatoes, jalapenos, lime, cilantro and tomatillos. It comes with hard chips for dipping. It was so good and so fresh. I honestly probably could have just eaten that and left happy. I liked the Tres Hermanos burrito so much the first time, that I got it on my second visit as well. 
Shannon, one of the owners, was super accommodating  and made sure that we had everything we needed and that we were happy, the both times that I was there. I will definitely be back, especially now that I know that they have begun serving lunch.Best Mexican food I have had in New Orleans. The tres hermanos burrito is incredible.UNDERWHELMED!! My wife and I dine out A LOT!!   This is the second time at Del Fuego after a underwhelming first experience.  Chalked it up to opening jitters and just tried again.  Definitely not opening jitters.  The food in general was pedestrian, Guacamole had some flavor, Mission Burrito and Taco's not so much.  The most glaring offense was the service or the obvious lack of any training or education in the field.  Apps arrive after a longer than usual wait and then the entrees arrive right on top of them.  As I told the food runner we just got our apps, he proceeds to hurriedly place our plates on the table, mumble some sort of an excuse  and runs away.  The whole time he is looking for space on the table for the entree plates, i am protesting the entrees coming out this soon.  He cares not and off he goes.  I watch him go and tell the waitress something, she passes by, but takes care not to get to close.  Not a word is said about this.  At the conclusion of our mediocore and rushed meal, I pay, I tip and then I make a comment to the waitress about the app-entree debacle.  She informs me that she noticed that and apologizes.  It bears noting that this is when I am just blown away.  She noticed but did nothing.  Not even at the end did she say anything.  Had i not mentioned it, it would have gone unmentioned.  By this time the food runner is at the bar glaring in our direction and excitedly discussing who knows what (wink wink) with the bartender and someone else.  Apparently, adequate service has become a thing of the past.  There are too many restaurants in this city to waste even one night out on a mediocre experience.  Adios Del Fuego!!!In New Orleans for the weekend and we decided to go to this place for dinner tonight since its in the neighborhood where we are staying. We were extremely disappointed. I was turned off immediately by the ratty wash cloths and cardboard scraps they used to dress the tables. Then our server came over and he seemed nervous and all of our exchanges were a bit awkward. Not to mention he was inattentive. We ordered the chips and salsa and tacos. The chips were stale and greasy and all three salsas had the same tangy lemony taste. The tacos were terrible. $12 a plate for three small, stale tacos. The meats were over cooked and they were drowned in the tangy salsa. Couldn't even finish mine. The best party of the meal was the rice and beans, which undoubtedly came out of a can. We paid our  outrageous $50 tab and left. Wouldn't recommend.We were walking down Magazine street from the zoo, we were in the mood for Mexican and the first place we came to had just closed from 2-5pm (but thank god), so we knocked on the door and they gave us road margs so make it to del fuego for $27. They were average, pretty much tequila dumped into sour mix (which isn't the worst) but we walked a mile to del fuego and EVERYTHING IS HOMEMADE - chips, variety of salsas, tortillas, and even triple sec for the margaritas. It was happy hour and we got out of there with bomb tacos, salsa with chips and 2 margaritas for the same price as the margs we got to walk here ;)
Also we wanted to eat outside and they have a shaded front deck and a sunny back patio. Waiter Logan was super helpful and attentive with great recommendations!my favorite mexican place in nola.  i usually get the burrito which is very affordable but the other things i've tried have been great too.  i highly recommend their salsas and their popsicles which are really special. i highly recommend the orange, pomegranate mezcal and the pb&j.  
on a side note i came back here after trying out johnny sanchez and was surprised at how similar the menus were albeit del fuego was a few dollars cheaper on most items, especially drinks.
the only downside ive found is the chips as other people have mentioned.  they're a little different and they usually dont bring enough with the dish but theyre always happy to bring more.Have been anxiously awaiting this opening for months.  Sadly to say we were not impressed.  Immediately after tasting our Margs we had to order extra shots to make them right.  Salsas were on cue.  Guacamole was fresh but lacked seasoning.  Chips were impressive but lacked salt.
Entree review limited because we all had tacos, but we all agreed on the following:
When using corn tortillas you should always double up, all our tacos had blow outs.  Chicken and carnitas were borderline too dehydrated to eat, the chorizo was more like sloppy joe and the carne was minced to a pulp. Rice and beans had no flavor at all. At $4 a taco it seemed cruel and unusual.  Besides the food and drinks it was a welcoming environment with great service!  Hoping for a quick turn around because uptown NOLA needs Mexican!Where do i start... So.... We arrived after spontaneously deciding to try out this new spot after hearing from my sister that is was better than (insert every local mexican food restaurant here), so we had to see for ourselves. 
Upon arrival, we were greeted by a more than hospitable staff who seemed to share many roles through out the establishment (hosting, waiting, busing, food running) and we could definitely smell the team spirit even over the delicious scent of slow cooked pork and home made tortillas. Perhaps we should start there, with the home made tortillas. They brought these tacos to ANOTHER LEVEL. It's not like they needed much help achieving said status, as the pickled cabbage and spicy mayo(?) more than did the job for them.
A yelp review i had read earlier in the evening, suggested that i try the Tres Hombros Burrito. I took their advice, and i have never, and will never regret it. As i sit here, composing this review, I have nothing but fond memories of the Tres Hombres Burrito, and i am anticipating many day dreams in the week to come, which feature, said burrito. 
That being said, it wasn't an easy choice for my SO and I to decide on the tacos and burrito, as everything on the menu called our names and our stomachs. We will undoubtedly be returning to sample the remainder of the menu, and I hope you will too!Finally tried Del Fuego this weekend, and it did not disappoint.
The guacamole was delightful - we got ours with pepitas, diced tomatoes and cotija and it was delicious. I'm definitely curious to try some of the other toppings (especially pomegranate seeds).
Favorite salsa was definitely the avocado tomatillo one.
Tacos were also really good. I had the fish, chicken and cactus, and my husband got the chicken, beef and cactus. I wasn't super into the cactus one, but not because of anything they did wrong... it just turns out I'm not really into that particular texture. 
The only real complaint would be that it gets really loud inside when it's busy. We basically had to yell at each other to talk at some points, and I felt really bad for our waitress who was perfect and wonderful, but definitely struggling to hear us when it came to taking our order. Seemed stressful for her. Not a deal killer, since the food was great, but definitely just be prepared or plan to sit outside if noise is an issue for you.
All in all though, we were very happy and will definitely be back!First, the good points...Really nice patio right on Magazine street, pleasant fans overhead, and a friendly server. The house habanero sauce is delicious and super spicy. Additionally, they are NOT trying to do a New Orleans meets Mexico fusion, which earns them another star from me. Beyond that, I'm at a loss for praise here. 
I was really looking forward to Del Fuego opening, watched it for months through the building process, and truly hoped that we would at long last have some great, authentic Mexican food in Uptown New Orleans. The restaurant has been hyping their Oaxaca-influenced cuisine, so they at least had the right starting point for inspiration...However, I was so disappointed to find that the food and drinks missed the mark on nearly every point. 
Margaritas: WEAK and too sweet, like limeade from the freezer section;
Torta: a small loaf of stale bread lightly filled with a mixture of meat, slaw, and avocado, and drenched in a "red mole" sauce devoid of any real flavor but tomato paste.
Chips and salsas: flat flavors, tooth-shattering tostadas, and at $6, a joke;
Burrito "tres hermanos": really on the small side and served a la carte, with nothing special or memorable about it except the $10 price tag (it's a mushy burrito, guys).
With tip, 2 drinks, a torta, and a burrito, our bill was $45 for a lackluster meal. If the food was excellent, I would be happy to pay in that range, but the quality of the food simply doesn't warrant the price. 
I hope Del Fuego gets their act together and realizes that if New Orleanians know anything, it's good food. And this is not good food. 
On the bright side, it's only their first week, so let's hope they have the time and tenaciousness to improve.Everything we ordered was delicious and fresh. Loaded guacamole is phenom!! Loved the goat and the tongue tacosThe ceviche app with drum, served with house made chips, brought me back two weeks in a row. Lagniappe is the fact that any of the special tacos can be ordered a la carte. It's great if you're not a big eater but want to try different things on the menu. Great margaritas too!Wanted to like it, but was pretty underwhelmed. The food was small, dry and bland, three words that should never be used for Mexican. I got the taco sampler. The service was very friendly, but they were out of two things on menu and forgot to put in our order for 30 mins. Both of the people eating with me had similar feelings. Will give it another shot in a few months to see if they have adjusted. I'll be at taqueria corona in the meantime.Duck enchiladas, churros and margaritas all on point! The firestarter cocktail is amazing! Great service, great atmosphere. They make all their own tortillas too. All cocktails have fresh juice. Can't ask for more. And they have been open less than a week!I don't know what happened the day THOMAS C stopped by but I've had three meals since they opened and I'm impressed.  It has not been perfect yet and I suspect kinks are being worked out but each meal has been with four folks and everyone enjoyed their meals.  The burritos and the duck enchiladas with mole sauce have been amazing!  Love the guacamole as well!  Salsas are hit and miss. Queso fundido caused a bit of a dispute over the last bite and the tacos (tongue and shrimp so far) were good stuff. 
Update!  Damn.  Bigger glasses, service on the spot and amazing food!  This place just gets better and better!   Awesome stuff!  A must visit!!
All of the margaritas were good - they need to spotlight a top shelf!  Also, spicy Mexican food during the summer needs much bigger water glasses at the table PLEASE!
The service needs a couple of steps up in some ways but I'm assuming new restaurant means new staff. Lots of people but some confusion, although Johnny on the spot with extra chips for the guacamole!!
All in all there  is much promise here.  Needs some time to get the kinks worked out but a solid early-in-the-curve effort in my book.  That absurd review about dry food all around seems pretty harsh and I've clearly missed any experience like that.We've been a couple times now, and the service is incredible. Not to mention the perfectly prepared dishes, and crafty and creative cocktails. Can't recommend this place enough!I love me some good mexican food! This place is really cute and quaint. The bartenders and staff are pretty great as well. Their salsas, queso dips and fried pork rinds are phenomenal! They have pretty good drink specials during happy hour. I do think the trio taco plate is a bit pricey for what you receive but it was pretty tasty. I can honestly say that everything I ate was delicious. Side note...please rinse off tops of beer cans before serving..but will for sure visit again!I stopped in here for a quick dinner one night and really enjoyed it. The shrimp ceviche was delicious and fresh - and a great value at $10. Person I was with got the taco plate and seemed to enjoy it as well. I'll definitely add this to my regular restaurant rotationGreat staff, amazing food, awesome margaritas, and a beautiful atmosphere. 
What more could you want?Often a "hole in the wall" is the best place to go for greasy delicious Mexican. On the other hand, this place serves gourmet and sometimes creatively designed Mexican food.
They make their own tortillas and they make their margaritas fresh (fresh squeezed too, I believe), and their various margarita recipes are entirely unique. Try the jalapeno-based one, I can't remember what it's called but it's delicious--they all are, though.
My favorite dish, the thing I can't stop myself from getting almost every time I go, is their version of cochinita pibil. Typically this is made by slow cooking pig butt for a super long time, and I make it myself all the time. Here, they make it with ribs, and it works superbly. Thinking of the savory bark covering the tender meat of those ribs is making me slobber onto my keyboard right now. I love theundnuaisudn
Just kidding, keyboard's fine. /dadjoke
But seriously, try the fish tacos, the duck enchiladas, the sauteed fish, the burritos (my particular favorite is their chorizo burrito)--all of these things are killing me to speak about right now, having not yet eaten dinner.
The only thing I did not enjoy here as much as I would have liked to was the tongue tacos. I'm a huge fan of beef tongue, whether on tacos or sliced for a sandwich, and I am always happy when a Mexican restaurant has this delicacy. My problem with this one was that the tongue was chopped (diced?) into such small pieces that the delicious dressings overwhelmed any semblance of cow tongue flavor for me. Typically in a Mexican restaurant, tongue is served in significantly larger cubes, and that allows the absolute savory tenderness of the meat to come out perfectly. I see what the chef was going for, but for me at least this one didn't land.
Anyway, that said, this place is awesome. I didn't even know there was such a thing as chorizo verde (green chorizo), originating from a particular province in Mexico and less common than the red stuff. I point that out because the owner of Del Fuego is clearly passionate about disseminating quality and authentic (buzzword) Mexican food, and that's tremendous.My family and I visited Del Fuego last night, Thursday evening at 6:00. After reading some positive reviews, we were really looking forward to some good food. The food may be good but we'll never know because their  exceptionally horrible service made us walk out. When we arrived, a man at the bar waved us toward a table to seat ourselves. That was the last interaction we had with any employee. We waited. And waited. And waited some more. My husband ended up getting our menus. We spent some time looking over our options and still no one acknowledged us. Even a quick greeting and a "I'll be back soon to take your order" would have been appreciated. After being ignored a while longer, we walked out and ate Thai food across the street at a restaurant that clearly values their customers.Our lunch at Del Fuego was fantastic! I started with a margarita, my husband had Ohio del fuego, and my daughter had watermelon juice. The drinks were all delicious, and if I didn't have to drive home I would have had another. The coolinary menu brought us to this spot, and it did not disappoint. $12 for a drink (Tecate beer, soda or juice), chips and salsa... not your average chips or salsas either... and a humongous burrito filled with your meat of choice. I am telling you... go for lunch tomorrow. The food was so good. The tortillas fresh.. yum! I must mention that we were served peppers with grasshopper salt mid-meal as a gift from the chef.... again.. delicious! Lastly, the service was wonderful. Our waitress/bar tender was attentive, efficient, happy and kind!The burrito was amazing!! Habanero salsa was ironically sweet, but overall decent salsa sampler.Wonderful addition to the Magazine St scene, with lovely front and rear patio dining areas.
I went with a group, so we were able to do a tasting of several items on the menu, including cocktails.
Recommend: the firestarter cocktail (excellent!), the watermelon cucumber margarita and the watermelon cucumber mint cocktail. 
Apps: Fundido was just ok (the cheesy one - the one with meat was kicking!), salsa selection was excellent, but the little baskets of chips are not nearly large enough for a group, so we had to order extras several times.
Entrees: Grilled fish was good, duck enchiladas were amazing. The tacos need some work, IMO. Fish taco was very tasty, but the carne asada and the chicken tacos both were extremely dry. 
As they get into their groove and open for lunch, I expect that this will be a go-to place for my office friends too.After 2 attempts to come here and the place being closed, we finally had success and I'm glad we did.  The happy hour specials are solid. I was a little thrown by sangria that looked like purple kool-aid, but it was tasty and was only $5. We started with the salsa sampler. This was a neat way to try their various salsa favors.  I enjoyed all 3 salsas although get found they could have kicked up the flavor some. My bf and I both ordered tacos. I had 1 shrimp, 1 fish, and the pork carnitas. The seafood ones were great, the pork not so much. I didn't care for the texture of the pork. The bf had shrimp, carne, and goat and liked them all.Big fan of Mexican food here and spoiled after living in California for many years. Since moving to NOLA several years ago, with all of the amazing culinary offerings here, I have been disappointed with the lack of good Mexican food. People from California I see leaving reviews about local favorite "Mexican" restaurants know exactly what I'm talking about. Soooo... Needless to say, I was very excited when I found out about Del Fuego. House-made tortillas, authentic menu etc... It looked like NOLA had finally gotten a good, casual authentic taqueria like the countless number of places Where I was used to eating in California. Well, here is the deal... 
I finally made it to Del Fuego for lunch today.  We had an order of guacamole for starters, then I had the three taco special with rice and beans. I had two lengua tacos and one goat taco. 
The Guacamole was basically just mashed avocado with a little too much lemon juice. Could have at least used more salt, for sure. I would prefer more cilantro diced onion, tomato, etc as well. El Gato Negro's guac is much better. My friend and I both had tacos that fell through the bottom of the doubled tortillas. The tortillas need to be thicker! The lengua was not very fresh or seasoned well. The goat taco was awesome, other then it fell apart right after picking it up because of the weak tortillas. Beans were great texture and fresh but not seasoned well at all. Very bland. The rice was no bueno. Not cooked badly but could have had more flavor or something... 
The idea behind this place is awesome and I love what they are trying to accomplish, which is much needed in NOLA, but the execution needs A LOT to be desired. On top of that lunch for two people cost just shy of $40. Definitely wasn't worth it. If it would have been good, the prices would be easier to get over, but it wasn't good. I had high hopes for this place but it was a huge let down today. Seriously, I would rather eat at Velvet Cactus any day over this place. VC does not claim to be "authentic" but their salsa, rice and beans can hang with any good Mexican joint where I have eaten. They use fresh ingredients, know how to season and it's Mexican-ish enough (depending on what you get) to satisfy my cravings.  Maybe I'll come back to Del Fuego sometime in the future and give it a second chance but I'm in no hurry at this point.I've been here a few times and every time it's great. As a vegetarian, there is a limited menu however they always have one veggie taco to choose as well as some great sides. I have gone with meat eaters who have been blown away by the tres hermanos burrito as well as the carne asada tacos. Also, their salsas are amazing (some are very hot but the menu lets you know the spice level) and the tostadas they serve with it are so freakin' good! Their happy hour is nice an you can get half off the salsa trio as well as deals on the house margarita and some beers. One of the best Mexican restaurants in the city!If you're looking for typical Mexican, this isn't it. Maybe they're going for really authentic & I just like more traditional Mexican, but the menu is slim so there's not much to choose from.I like this place,but where are the lunch enchiladas?  I'm not a burrito person, and the tacos are good, but my fave thing is enchiladas.   I work uptown, so lunch is going to be ME when I visit.    so far very happy with the quality of food, but want more variety.  ENCHILADAS for lunch, NOT just for dinner.... please
however the pico salad here is amazing.... and the appetizer with chorizo and queso is great too.
staff is certainly accomodating, and location is great, but more lunch specials please!This place has great food. I love the tres hermanos burrito. (Pro tip, add tomatillo avacodo sauce inside!). Puerco pibil and the cebollitas are to die for. The staff is friendly and helpful. If you want a good drink to start your night right, try the firestarter, or ojos de fuego. It is a jalepeño infused tequila margarita. Absolutely delicious! The back patio is great for groups on a nice evening, or for a hot date! I hope this place is here to stay. Keep it up FuegoWent here for "happy hour" tonight and was totally disappointed. Margarita was way too sweet. Got 3 tacos carne asada, carnitas and tinga. For $15 you would have expected quality meats. The chicken was good but the "steak" was more like pulled beef and less like carne asada. The carnitas taco was just lumps of fat. As far as I'm concerned good carnitas will be slow cooked untill all the fat is rendered. When going for a second bite I got nothing but another mouthful of fat I just had to spit it out. The whole taco was fat. Sad excuse for Mexican food. Upon letting our server know about the experience she said "oh ok thank you." No compensation or apologies were offered. Then we asked her to split the bill for us and she did it wrong. Waste of money and there are definitely better happy hours out there!Super cool place and awesome food. Off the tourist beaten path but well worth the effort.Awesome fresh ceviche. Margarita is delicious and NOT neon green! Hooray! Staff is very friendly.Don't waste your time here. The food is bland, overpriced, and the service is lacking. We ordered the guacamole (not the loaded version, which the server kept insisting we order for some reason), which was good but nothing special. The we each ordered the three tacos, which are served with beans and rice on the side. We had heard to order the flour tortillas because someone told us the corn ones were very dry. The flour tortillas were paper thin and barely held the tacos together. The chicken was extremely bland, I actually didn't even eat it it was so flavorless. The carnitas was OK, but a bit dry. And the beef was also dry and nothing special. The side of rice  was totally undercooked and inedible (aka hard and crunchy). The black beans were totally dry and flavorless. Ugh. It was not a good meal. All that and it took about an hour to get our food after placing our order. Also, not cheap. I think with a couple drinks and the food we spent over $70. Totally not worth it!This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. I love their tacos. They make my favorite margaritas. The staff is always courteous. Their rice and beans are pretty bland, but everything else makes up for it.Ate here with a group of seven on a Thursday night, and we all pretty much agreed it was good, not great. Would never discourage anyone from eating here, but I don't think I'll highly recommend it anyone, either.
We were seated within 15 minutes at a table on their patio, which was breezy and intimate. Had a three amigos cocktail to start - very good. We started with the salsa trio. I'm not huge on salsa, but the three we picked were good, especially the tomatillo avocado. The chips, or deep-fried whole tortillas, were sometimes WAY too salty. I love salt, but a few even had me chugging water. One particularly ruthless chip really almost ruined my friend's appetite. 
Menu is very limited, which can be good for indecisive people like me. I had the tacos: carne asada, carnitas and camarones. Carnitas and camarones were delicious. Light and crispy, and toppings were fresh. Carne asada had no flavor. Whatsoever. Everyone who ordered tacos ordered the carne asada and we were all underwhelmed. The carnitas and camarones, though, I'd go back just for them.
Overall, we had a great time. Ambiance was nice, service was on point and food was decent. If you're in the area, pop in.The time to be here is 3-7 happy hour: 3$ tacos, 5$ margaritas, sangria, etc. I ordered the sangria and shrimp and steak tacos. The sangria was okay, as were the steak tacos, but the shrimp taco was outstanding. We ordered an appetizer of queso fundido, but the chorizo was more like ground hamburger meat, so we didn't like that too much. My father ordered a margarita with his meal and, based on our past vacations of going to Mexico, was truly an authentic margarita. It is the most authentic mexican margarita in the city that we have come across. Our waiter, Logan, was excellent, very helpful and nice not only to his customers, but also to his coworkers. We will definitely be coming back here, not so much for the food, but more so for the margaritas.UPDATE: I've been back to Del Fuego a couple of times since the pre-opening and each visit has been spectacular. No more dry tacos and while the chip baskets are still small, the wait staff has it down now with refills before you ask. 
If you haven't been, all I can say is GO.I've had much better. 
I don't think their tacos are that good to be completely honest. And the only reason they got 3 stars from me is because of the fried fish taco. Other than that, I don't think it's worth the price. You can get tacos like these at a cheaper price.Went for lunch, and it was spectacular. The margarita was one of the best I've ever had. Excellent guacamole, superb fish and tongue tacos. The ceviche was perfectly balanced. Not a low note among anything we tried. I highly recommend it!If you're a fan of tequila, this is the place for you.  If you're a fan of tequila and spicy food, consider yourself in heaven. 
We first did the salsa trio with the Tomatillo, Negra, and Mexicana varieties. All three were spicy and delicious, and incredibly different.  Then the Tostados con Pescada Ahumada, which was my favorite.  The shrimp tacos and fish tacos were superb, but the pulled pork was a little dry. 
Heads up, don't plan to watch a game here with a margarita, because they don't have TVs.I was in NOLA today on business and was looking for something different for lunch. As I cruised down Magazine street I came upon Del Feugo and it looked so inviting. I parked on the curb and walked up and was seated on the front deck, the weather was fabulous. 
I ordered the fried fish and shrimp tacos and an unsweetened ice tea. The food came out in about ten minutes and was great. The (2) shrimp tacos were hot and crispy as was the (1) fish taco. The dish was served with rice and refried beans. I prefer to have chips and salsa  before Mexican food so I can put the salsa on my rice, so that was my only letdown.... I guess I could have ordered a side of salsa off the menu. I will return, I enjoyed !!I've only tried Del Fuego once, and it was for pick-up.  My girlfriend and I needed a quick bite, so we ordered to-go.  The service was courteous and the food was ready when promised.  I ordered 4 or 5 tacos and one appetizer, the queso fundido con chorizo verde.  The app was pretty good, but not at all like I expected.  It was basically more gooey (gooier? - too lazy to look up the grammar on this.  Gooey is a word, right?) than liquid queso.  We kind of had to cut pieces of the cheese goo and put it on the tortillas with which it's served.  Flavor good, consistency weird.
It's not worth doing a breakdown of each taco because they kind of fell short for the same reason.  The tortilla's tasted a bit stale and the meat was dry.  With the exception of the fish taco, the tacos were too dry.  The first issue is the dry/stale tortilla.  Got to fix that first.  Second is the meat, needs to be juicer IMHO.  To be fair, the fish taco was pretty decent and by that I mean 3/5.  
Because I picked up, I didn't get the full Del Fuego experience.  They do have a great patio on Magazine.  I will repeat.  Sometimes when you order to-go, the food can suffer.  So I'll give them another try on the basis of their respectable patio dining.  Maybe an update will be in order.Delicious! Ate here last night with a group of 8 and was very impressed. We decided to sit on the front porch, and it was wonderful as it was a little cooler last night. The front actually feels a little European which I loved. The happy hour runs until 7 pm, which is just amazing considering many other happy hours I enjoy shut down at 5 or 6. The queso fundido was delicious. Everyone at the table enjoyed it so much that we ordered another. The salsa trio was awesome (we ordered 2), and for $3 at happy hour, you really can't go wrong! The deep fried tortillas that came with the salsa were delicious, perfectly salted, and fresh. Most of us got the tacos dinner (choice of 3 different tacos, or you can choose all the same), and everyone truly enjoyed every bite! Those who got burritos enjoyed them just as much, plus the burrito portions are huge for $10, and could definitely be split between two or brought home to be enjoyed as leftovers. Lastly, the service was great - friendly and attentive! Would highly recommend this place.Great place. I'm a big fan of the tequila selection and the good the bad and the ugly cocktail.  The nopales burrito was delicious especially because of the homemade tortilla.   Who would go back for the queso dip? This guy. The hostess even came and got us from three brothers, where we were waiting for our table. Icing on the cake: the bathrooms smell like cedar wood.This restaurant was... Okay. The food was decent- I had a burrito (I forget the name but it was the one with three kinds of meat, listed first on the menu) and three salsa's. The only salsa worth mentioning was the one with with avocado, that was freaky food. The other two were average. The service was great but my drink was terrible (the three amigo's - it had a funny after taste and was pretty weak). I'd probably go back and try other food options but the overall consensus at the table was "well that was ok"This place is awesome! I have not had any of the negative experiences that other people on yelp have expressed and have been now five times. 
The staff is always SO nice and attentive. Last night I ate at Fuego pretty late and while they had run out of one appetizer, the waitress suggested another and it was fantastic! (Shrimp ceviche). She even brought out the sauce that paired with the appetizer they had run out of and it went well with the ceviche and was so good we put it on our entrees as well. 
The burritos are tasty, plentiful and affordable. Highly recommend doing half a protein and half nopales. It is wonderful that they do half and half, all the ingredients mixed together of course, and the nopales pair so well with chicken especially. The tortillas are perfectly soft and hold together well. 
The tacos are  delicious, the best fish tacos I have tried in New Orleans, and for dinner you choose three preparations which is great. Had chicken, carne asada and grilled fish this past time, and each was better than the one before it. 
The best part of Fuego is the ability to finish your meal with a delicious homemade Popsicle! The flavors are original and delicious - some containing alcohol. Try the pb&j or the mezcal with orange and pomegranate! Truly different and great.I love this place!  The food is always super fresh!  Everything is locally sourced and made in house.  Great cocktails and friendly staff add to the amazingness!  Looking forward to going back really soon!Decent selection in variety but the flavor just isn't there. Food is relatively bland. Salsa variety is impressive and margaritas are solid but nothing special.It was only ok. Guac was pretty good. The queso was weird. Waitress was kind of dumb- bad advice.  Way over priced! I live across the street and was very excited to have a taquera. Not going back until they start happy hour deals or lower their prices...This place was pretty decent.  I liked the laid back atmosphere for a quick solo lunch.  Patio is a bonus.  The service was friendly and speedy.  They had a couple vegetarian option and even one vegan option.  The stand out was the margarita.  It was so good.  Not sweet, pleasantly sour, just the way I like it.  Pretty much the best margarita I've had in New Orleans.    All of the hot sauces were vinegary, they were good, just sort of all the same.I grew up eating proper Mexican food, and let me tell you, I crave Del Fuego. The habanero and pepita salsas are so creative and yummy, and the tostadas are exactly like you'd get in border towns. The fish tacos are light and lovely, reminiscent of the lightly spiced fish I've had in the Yucatán, with the mayonesa adding that perfect finishing touch. I've had the chicken enchiladas, and loved, and if I'm not feeling fishy, will get the asada or carnitas (yes, crispy carnitas!). Love it. JD, Ryanne, and Alex always take good care, and the drinks are strong and refreshing. A+++++I am giving them 5 stars not because they were perfect but because they were pretty close. The apps were creative and well put together we had all the tacos except the tongue (made it once at home and now can't bring myself to eat it again though it is probably really good) and the cactus (just cause we weren't in the mood. Our favorites were the shrimp (best I have ever had) the fish (a close 2nd) and the goat ( a solid third). They could season their carne asada and carnitas a bit more. The sangria was strong without being too sweet and the dessert was whimsical yet perfectly flavored. Wait staff was great!  After a string of disappointing meals this was a welcome change!I really enjoyed my dining experience! In fact, I've already been twice and they've been open less than a week. 
The cocktails were all very fresh and delicious (try the Paloma!), the fundido and the duck enchiladas with mole were fantastic, and the desserts were out of this world (the churro and the popsicles were highlights). The place has great ambiance and the patio on Magazine St. is a nice place to eat-- very pleasant and not too hot. 
I am so glad to have a place like this in the neighborhood. Highly recommended!Slow service preceded cold food. Ok, maybe that just means that it is a new restaurant with kinks to be worked out, but the food was blase in addition. The "Quseo Fundido con Chorizo Verde" was as single block of previously melted cheese with some runny ground pork beneath it. The Pork taco was inedibly dry; the chicken taco was moist, but the only flavor it had was the single slice of pickled carrot on it; and the carne asada taco had moisture and flavor, but was spicy without purpose. The limeade was too tart to drink.
The beans were very similar to something i had froma  can labeled "Old el Paso"The tacos were good especially the shrimp and fish. The corn was excellent. Service was good. A little pricey.Complete garbage. Items ordered: Goat, Tongue, Grilled Shrimp, Braised Chicken, Carne Asada (Skirt Steak). Everything was overcooked, under-seasoned and/or old/turning. To not successfully make one good taco out of these proteins is absolutely insane. We are also in the beginning of shrimp season, to serve frozen, farm-raised, turning shrimp is insulting to everything the Louisiana seafood industry stands for. I can go on and on about each taco or the homemade tortillas mediocreness, but I won't waste everyones time. It's simple; don't go.We got in the car and went blank. Where should we eat tonight???? I have no idea. I read reviews at least once a day and still couldn't put my finger on an evening foodie spot to hang. One thing I always look for is parking. Next is happy hour third is foodie pics and last reviews. The parking is not the best in this area but we did not have an issue at 6p on a weekday. A few of the workers reminded me of OITNB. The happy hour is daily and the margaritas are some of the BEST in New Orleans. The food was excellent. My fiancé is a snob when it comes to tacos and he loves the carne asada. I got the tostada pescado. It was REALLY good and the most popular dish. I WANT to come back. There is a very nice outdoor area. The bar is small and so is seating indoors but it's worth the visit.We each got two tacos- I got the shrimp taco that was crispy with a sweet- spicy sauce and he got the fish. We both got a nopales taco which was fun and tasty. Kind of greenbeany but not. Very unusual for NO. Not slimy at all. I loved the fresh tortillas. We started with three salsas- the fresca (which was sweet but good), the tomatillo-avocado (our favorite) and the arbol (good chili flavor, may be too hot for a lot of people but not for me.) yes there were only a few giant chips but our basket was replenished happily and we were even given more when the left over salsas were bagged to go. The rice and beans were pretty good. The only thing, and by no means a deal breaker, will go back!- I did not like having a washcloth as a napkin. I  just don't like it.I LOVE THIS PLACE! No seriously, everything is freshly made. My friend and I stumble upon Del Fuego while shopping on Magazine street. We had initially came here for the drinks but we ended up trying the guacamole and tortillas. Let me tell you, this is by far the best tortillas and guacamole, I've ever had in my life. The margaritas brought me back to life after walking in the 115 degree heat. The tamarindo margarita is everything God had intended it to be; the watermelon and cucumber margarita is just as delicious. Our waitress was extremely nice and knowledgeable. She was honest when I asked her for her recommendation; she wasn't trying to up-sell by telling us everything was her favorite and I truly appreciate that. This place is a MUST if you are visiting NOLA.I love Del Fuego! We had a large group for a birthday party and they were able to accommodate us with no problems. The food was excellent!! The ceviche is the best I've had in the city, the guac with chicharones was super delicious and the Los tres hermanos burrito was big and super flavorful. Staff was so friendly and helpful. 
To be honest the only issue I can see, and I'm sure everyone else can see by these yelp reviews, is the clientele. Privileged white people who have probably never bussed a table in their life (much less worked in a kitchen) with horrible attitudes funking up the vibes. Just stay home, please. Nobody likes you. Let the rest of us who wouldn't dare call their server "dumb" (seriously what is wrong with you) enjoy Del Fuego.I have been mainly had take out or been at an event they catered.  I've only had the tacos and chips/salsas.  Everything has been fresh and flavorful.  You don't leave here with a horrible feeling in your stomach bc of something you ate.  The Margaritas are fresh and have a nice kick!  IT's a great casual place for fresh mexican and the outdoor seating area is great!If you want quality over quantity,  this is the place if you want Mexican-style food.   Best tacos ever had!!!So, this is some pretty great neighborhood Mexican food.  Solid tacos, ceviche, and drinks.  There's patio seating (when the weather's nice), and you can bring your dog to hang out on the front porch.  I can't say enough nice things about this place.Del Fuego has a neat, clean, well-decorated contemporary exterior and interior and is a slightly upscale Mexican restaurant, as evidenced by pricing, food quality, and bar selection. The waitress was friendly and helpfuI. I ordered the Taco (2 beef & 1 pork), which came with beans & rice. Everything was delicious, and I was pleased. Would recommend and would return. RJTBrought my mother-in-law in for happy hour. She is from Mexico. She ordered a lengua taco expecting it to be terrible. She said she was surprised that it was cooked perfectly. It was the best thing she had. We all loved the margaritas. Fresh squeezed and home made triple sec. Working in the service industry, triple sec is a cheap bottle of liquor that really just cuts the sourness of a margarita. To put so much thought into something as simple as triple sec was impressive. Definitely have the fish or shrimp tacos....fried is best. The spicy mayonesa is killer. All of the salsas are amazing as well. Have a boozy Popsicle to go if you are too full for dessert. If not, have the churros with Mexican caramel and spicy chocolate! The tres leches cake is awesome as well.I had seen this little place develop and had been curious to see how it would turn out.  I'm not sure I really like what they have done with the architecture as they seemed to have drained all NOLA soul out of the building and now it looks like it could be from Austin, California or anywhere else U.S.A.  The ambiance for the small indoor seating area is very loud with the noise from the kitchen while they do have both a nice front and back patio the current heat of NOLA Summer makes the outdoor seating a challenge to endure for most of the daylight hours.  
The salsas are decent enough here but then it sadly goes downhill.  The chips are very hard and many people just couldn't eat them in my group (they tried to accommodate by bringing unfried tortillas but that isn't exactly the same).  The prices for drinks are more on the expensive side (why would I pay $4.50 for an Abita Amber when I can get one right next door at Brothers Three for $2.75?).  The margaritas are small and at $8 really don't deliver while the cheap crap Mexican beers are priced ridiculously high.  The grilled fish was very forgettable and just very bland.  The tacos were probably the high point of all the dishes but at $14 they just are too small even with the included rice and beans to justify their expense.  Mexican food is cheap peasant food and all you get here are high prices for generally mediocre food that just doesn't rate the inflated price (the $8 burritto is probably the best value on the menu).  The service was generally pleasant but unless they do some serious changes I doubt this place will last very long as it doesn't provide anything that you can't get at a much better price with a better experience at many other nearby places.
Tip:
Just go to Taqueria Guerrero, Panchita's, Taqueria Corona, Felipe's Taqueria, Sarita's Grill or even Juan's for better food, drinks and much better prices.  Even Superior Grill is far better...
Rant:
The best thing about New Orleans is that it is New Orleans and NOT California or Texas so I think we've got quite enough Mexican and TexMex on Magazine St. and in the entire city for my taste so lets stick more with our FAR superior native cuisine from now on!  When there are more options for a taco than a bowl of gumbo in my area I'm not happy with where things are going.awesome tacos with crazy good flavor. Skip the rice and beans and get the plantains and pork skins. Everything made fresh and full of flavor. Our go to place for South American food while in New Orleans.Love this place!!! The food is so delicious with spectacular presentation! The service is always outstanding! The atmosphere is nice with the beautiful patio that offers outdoor seating! Margaritas are on point & made to perfection! The loaded gaucamole is out of this world amazing! Enchiladas with chicken tinga and potatoes inside are heavenly! Never had enchiladas with potatoes inside before this! But WOW! This blew my mind and kept my taste buds jumping! Now I only want my enchiladas to always be exactly like this!!! So far my experiences here have been anything you order is going to be fabulous, so there is no going wrong!! The Biggest issue I have is wanting to keep going back and try it all!Awesome spot for refreshing drinks after work or dinner. Relaxing atmosphere,
Food is good, I tried their happy hour until 7pm which was great. Salsas and tacos are very fresh tasting. Pic of happy hour menu postedHow in the world have I not been here yet?
The food here is absolutely wonderful. 
I crave really good Mexican and chorizo (and um yeah they make their own here!!!!!!) it's so so good 
Everyone please come and eat here or drink having a satsuma margarita as we speak and it's phenomenal. I'll be back on Friday!!!!!Horrible!!!!!  Their shredded chicken burritoes tasted like canned tuna.  My friend and i , both,  thought it smelled like cat food as we unwrapped it from the foil.  NO BUENO!!!!!!!I was pleasantly surprised at my experience here. I had popped in once before and saw no taco Tuesday specials and left immediately. The second time I went with a group of five and ordered a delicious tamarindo and cucumber margarita. Next, we ordered the queso dip which was hands down the best I've ever had. The tacos are all specialty tacos and you can mix and match. We got 3 different ones and a generous side of rice and beans for $12 which is much cheaper than Felipe's or rum house and taste better! We ordered the churro and the tres leches cake for dessert and loved them both. This was a great experience! I loved the patio and the plates and decor. They do have a 20% auto grat policy on parties of five or more which makes me think the owners appreciate their workers !I love this place for some alternative to what we typically have in town Mexican food. It is super fresh. It is generous with portions. It is all in house made. It is not expensive. I am a fan, and if i say that's where i'm going, i have a few friends that want to go too, every time. (smoked fish tostadas....mmmmm.....)Service is good..staff is Ok. Patio not bad.. Pricey  "Authentic Mexican food"..? not for me!I don't often review anymore but I had to in this instance. Man, I really wanted this place to be stellar. Good at least. I would have even taken decent. There's a regrettable dearth of Mexican restaurants in NOLA and Del Fuego is right around the corner from where I live. 
Regrettably, the food was awful. I speak on behalf of all five of us who dined there, and who ordered different entrees. Everything, and I mean everything, was chalk-dry. Mummy-balls-in-the-desert-dry. We were all struggling to down the food, like donkeys jawing aluminum foil. After a while we all stopped talking because it was so hot on the patio---not their fault, they can't control the weather---and because we were afraid we'd die from choking. I started making ck-ck-ck sounds at one point. "You okay?" one of my friends asked. "Ck-ck-ck, yes," I said, and then drank a whole beer to wash down the taco. My first taco. Jesus Christ, two more to go. It was like calculus homework. I was about to ask the waitress if she could bring over a hose. I even poured water on the food, hoping this would help. It didn't. I just heard this hissing sound, like when you put butter in a hot skillet.
Anyway, yeah. The place looks nice, they meant well, but the food. Wow. It'll be closed by September 31st.Great staff, great food and cool atmosphere! I live in the neighborhood so I come here a lot. The staff is all very nice and professional. 
The appetizers are the best - get the fundido! Good margaritas, too!
And if you like tequila, this is where you need to go. They have a huge list and do flights so you can taste a bunch at a time.
Fun place to eat Mexican and hang out.Service good, food overly spiced to the point where it was not enjoyable. Menu confusing.The food, drinks and service were A-MAZING!  All of the food was so fresh and the taste was incredible!  This is definitely my husband and I's new favorite Mexican restaurant - hands-down!!!!So I am from CA and was excited to have some mexican food in the big easy.  Not good at all.  The apps were very odd we had the Minguichi and it was very odd with an almost vinegar taste horrible.  My wife loves any kind of cheese dip and she said it was inedible. We also tried the trio of salsa's all of the salsa's were nothing special.  I did have the Carne Asada tacos which were good but so small and for 12 bucks serious.  The rice was not cooked all the way or old because there was a lot of hard rice granuals.  The beans were good but overcooked.  I will not return nor encourage anyone else to go.We had the tacos (carnitas, pulled pork) and the duck mole enchiladas, the cafe con horchata and the grapefruit agua, with a trio of salsas (guac/tomatillo, habanero, and the basic salsa).  The salsas are delicious.  Can't wait to try more.  My biggest complaint was the tortilla chips. They are jawbreakers!  It's from the same tortillas they use for the tacos, enchiladas and then fry whole for the salsas.  WAY TOO THICK.  and that's the reason my rating wasn't a 4.  It's hard to mess up store bought tortilla chips, they should give it a try.  So with my enchiladas, the parts of the tortillas that were uncovered by mole sauce and left to bake "naked" got just as hard as the fried pieces we were served with the salsas. which decreased my enjoyment of the enchiladas.  Also, I didn't like how the duck was cubed, it should be shredded so that the enchiladas aren't so clunky to eat.  My husband felt the same way about his tacos, that the meat should be shredded and not cubed so that it's easier to get around the food.  The taste of everything was fine, but the tortilla situation needs to be addressed.This is our go to spot for Mexican food. The menu is  uncomplicated and direct. The salsas are what shines for this local taqueria. I love the silka pak. Literally drink it. I get a quart of it to go on occasion .Great authentic food. Everything is locally grown and made in house, the fresh tortillas are to die for. 
They had a 3 salsa for $3 deal going for appetizers which was great because most places only give out one type, and I love variety.
I ordered the three taco plate all carnitas and they were amazing. The pork was crispy and juicy at the same time and the fresh salsa on top tied it all together. 
Everyone I was with got a sundry of items from burritos to fish tacos and loved it all. 
The atmosphere is cozy, small, but typical for a restaurant on magazine street with a mediocre sized lot. Very clean, but the bar was TINY!! 4 seats at most
Anyway, the food and service was excellent can't wait to go back!This place has absolutely fantastic Mexican food. Like many yelpers I've been to probably 100 different Mexican restaurants in my life, and somehow David the head chef managed to create many menu options that were both delicious and truly unique creations.
Prices are reasonable, and the staff was really friendly. We absolutely loved it.I have to admit I had low expectations for this restaurant. I believe locations can come with a curse... And on this particular location I have seen too many restaurants open and close on a blink of an eye. 
I decided to give it a chance either way. There are 2 things I expect from a Mexican restaurant. Good margaritas and decent tacos and this restaurant has both. 
Tip: Happy hour is from 3-7 =$5 margaritas.
They also have a salsa trio that was really good oh and tortillas are made in house ++! 
My only complaint was the napkin... It was a wash towel. Every time I looked at it I wanted to go wash my face. Are cloth napkins really that expensive?!Really good and unique. Fish and shrimp tacos were well made and very flavorful, and they have lots of cactus options for vegetarians which is something I've not seen at other Mexican restaurants.Went last night and had a pretty good experience.  The jalapeno margarita was great, and they had a pretty good selection of Mexican beers. 
We started with the Queso Fundido as an app and this was definitely the low point of the experience.  It was a large bowl that was about an 1/8 full with about 4 bites of ground beef, spinach, and melted chihuahua cheese.  It tasted ok but was certainly overpriced for the portion.  May want to reinvent that one. The salsa they served on the side, however, was REALLY good.
Tried several tacos and the best ones were the cactus and the carne asada.  Will be backGreat authentic Mexican cuisine made with little to no processed ingredients. Coffee is strong and delicious. Would go back and eat there again for sure. Service was also on point, and special thanks to Logan for setting my sun glasses aside so I could come grab them later.Good fish tacos, adequate carnitas and a good Happy Hour (all HH's should go until 7pm!). Staff was friendly and the sangria was pretty good. The guacamole was good and had a nice lime zing, and like that the chips are obviously freshly fried, but would it kill you to quarter or even halve them before frying? It just made it awkward to eat.
Overall though, there was just a little something missing in the ambiance of the place. The booths weren't really comfortable and the general feeling I got was like being at a quick serve type restaurant, even though we had table service. The washrags as napkins threw me off a bit as well.
I definitely am going to give them another try, because I thought the food and pricing was quality enough for a return assessment, but not in a hurry.This isn't your normal texmex eatery. It's way better. 
Started with a grapefruit ginger margarita. Refreshing.
About the tortillas.... I mean...they are tortillas. They are made in house without artificial added ingredients, so that's a plus. 
Tried the Nopales (Cactus) Tacos....interesting and very good.
(rice and beans were perfect).
Tomatillo Avocado Sauce....my favorite of the sauces.
For Dessert:
Berry Popsicles...refreshing,
and oh my goodness... Churros with a yummy spicy chocolate sauce and a chamomile vanilla sauce....so, so good.
Great Atmosphere (option to sit outside under the covered patio, and listen to the rain, which was rather soothing, or inside). 
Service was great. 
Food was satisfying. 
Restrooms were pretty cool, too.
My new favorite place. I love it.We have visited this restaurant about 6 times in the past two months, twice bringing guests from out of town, because we like the food and the margaritas.  However, on our visit last night I did not bring and ID with me and was rudely refused a drink by the manager. I could understand this treatment if I was anywhere near the age of 21, but I am 66 years old!  My husband had his driver's  license and she said that she could serve ONE drink to him, but we would have to share it.  She cited the fact that she would have to pay a fine and could have her license revoked if she was caught serving more drinks than she could equate with IDs of people over 21.
I would like to post here from Visitor's Guide to New Orleans regarding carding:
"As in the rest of the US, the drinking age is 21, but anyone under the age of 35 should expect to be 'carded'."
This is reasonable, and as much as I might want to flatter myself, it has been a LONG, LONG time since I have been able to pass for 35.
Or, perhaps she might like to know that, according to the Louisiana Laws on the consumption of alcoholic beverages, even if I was under the age of 21, I could legally consume the beverage in the following instance:
"When a person under twenty-one years of age is accompanied by a parent, spouse, or legal guardian twenty-one years of age or older." - See more at: http://www.centenary.edu/handbook/appendices/alcholo#sthash.VjE9tS7M.dpuf
My husband, age 68, had a valid driver's license, but she would not allow him to purchase the drink and give it to me.  This manager needs to actually familiarize herself with Louisiana law before she treats her clientele rudely.  She should also think carefully about the fact that those members of the community who are most likely to patronize her restaurant, bringing in other diners, are older visitors who have more disposable income to spend on dining out.  She might want to consider treating us more reasonably in the future.Awesome authentic Mexican food and amazing service! Our waitress was absolutely adorable and took such good care of us. She even separated our checks like a boss!  Would highly recommend!  Come for happy hour.....lasts until 7! Whaaaaaat?!I am so happy to have a place offering AUTHENTIC Mexican food in NOLA. After living in San Diego for 5 years and having a Mexican mother-in-law, I have been having the envie. My suggestion is getting the trio of tacos for your first visit. My faves are the camarones, chorizo and carnitas. The queso Fundido with spinach and green chorizo is off the hook!  Don't forget to get a cocktail. Everything is fresh squeezed. My fave is the Los Tres Amigos, which is watermelon, cucumber and mint...with tequila, of course! Don't forget dessert! All of them are amazing, especially the white chocolate cake with fresh fruit and an amazing honeydew shaved ice. You ain't gettin' no Velveeta here! If you think Taco Bell or Superior Grill is Mexican food, get educated and have some REAL Mexican food at this joint!I was pretty excited about this place opening.  Besides the fact that I love mexican food, this place promised to be more than "tex-mex".  
The patio is a nice option but the decor could use a little more IMO.  I appreciate the local art and unique wooden seats.  
The menu has a variety.  Several salsa to choose from but sadly the "chips" are their homemade corn tortillas simply cut in half.  Several were too poofed to use.  They could have spent the extra time and cut it one more time for a "chip".  
An order of shrimp tacos and an order of fish tacos arrived fried. :(  We werent asked grilled or fried.  I should have specified because the batter was thick and greasy on the shrimp.  The fish wasnt as bad but still would have been better grilled.  The homemade corn tortillas were hard and dry.  The flour ones on the fish tacos were better.  
Overall, it wasn't bad. I'd go back to try some other things on the menu.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in NOLA!!  The service, staff, and food are amazing during every visit.  Keep up the awesome work y'all do!!I come here often because I live right around the corner. The service when dining in is hit or miss, but I'm usually getting take-out, and service at the bar is always super fast and friendly.
I love their guacamole (even without additional toppings), but I'm not crazy about the chips. They're more like small tostadas and are occasionally too salty. I still recommend them (because the guac is so good)--just keep that in mind!
I've also tried and enjoyed their ceviche appetizer and the fried shrimp tacos as part of the taco trio. I wasn't too crazy about the other tacos I've tried (the fish option is too dry and the cactus is pretty bland when compared to the shrimp). I'm eating the shrimp burrito tonight and am not wowed by it. Then again, it's hard to beat Felipe's for a mid-priced burrito in this city!
I'll keep coming here for its great location and ambiance, but if I'm looking for great food, I'm likely to go elsewhere.Would actually rate it 3.5 stars. Great atmosphere and attentive staff. The hot sauces (especially the carrot habanero) are particularly amazing. 
I had the three taco combo with rice and beans, and I chose goat, chorizo, and carne asada tacos. All were quite good, but the chorizo was my favorite.
The main issue I have is the tortillas. For one, the tacos break up easily, causing a messy taco experience even though there are two tortillas per taco. Secondly, the tortillas used for tacos taste a bit too dry and gritty, and was a complaint I've heard of often for this place. 
Overall I enjoyed my experience and would come back. Once the tortilla issue is taken care of I'm sure this place would rate much higher.Love this place! We came for dinner 3 weeks ago and have been back EVERY weekend since then. 
BEST HOUSE MARGARITA IN THE CITY!!!
Food:
We have tried the salsa trio, guacamole, and queso. Liked the salsa. Loved the guacamole and queso! 
The ceviche was excellent!
My husband had the burrito with chicken each time DEELISH. 
I have had the taco trio and tried the goat, chorizo, and shrimp tacos all DEELISH
The wait staff is very attentive!Pretty good - definitely shows promise.  The restaurant has a cool look and was absolutely slammed the night I went.  However, the servers were keeping it rolling which is impressive given that the place just opened.  I sat at bar - which is cranking out some good stuff.  Try the tamarind cocktail and for the liquor lovers there is a nice selection of mezcals - no salt and lime required.  Tacos were good though the corn tortillas were a little dry and I would have liked to see the nice selection of salsas on offer gratis to accompany them.  The carne asada was good, I didn't like the nopales, the carnitas knocked it out of the park.  I was dining solo - if I wasn't the loaded guac looked awesome.This restaurant offers up Mexican food at its best! Fresh ingredients, home made tortillas and chips, layered with flavors and absolutely delicious!!! We've been here twice in two days and we'll be back! The loaded guac is the perfect starter with home made chips and salsa. So good!!!Been here on multiple occasions for lunch and dinner. The margaritas are wonderful, with a great selection. The guacamole with different add on, including chicharrones is amazing. The guac comes with tostadas that are made in house, but they don't give enough. I am a fan of the burritos and my husband orders tacos. The food started off really strong but has slowly gone down.This place is the hidden jem of New Orleans. My husband and I moved to New Orleans last July. When we moved-that night we went to Del Fuego and were greeted with the most genuine hospitality by Dave (chef and owner) and his team. This service was spot on and the food was the best genuine mexican food I'd ever had. Over the past year we have taken our friends and family that have visited. Everyone including us love the ceviche, house made true ingredient delicious margaritas (especially the jamaica one- OMG!), tacos (goat YUM!), and burrito (yes goat too!). This place sources the majority of food locally and sustainably. It's the freshest. The patio is wonderful for sitting with your sweetie or a group of friends under the twinkling new orleans sky. GO!!!!I've been here a few times and I really like this place. I would definitely suggest going with a smaller group (4) as the space is a little tight, but this works out for me because I hate big group dinners. The guacamole is the bomb dot com, and the tacos are some of my favorite in the city.
I've heard of people complaining about the different margaritas, but I think that's just because they don't read the ingredients - I like them. If the place is packed, the service can lag a bit, so that's why I'm taking one star off.  All in all, great place.This was some of the best most authentic Mexican food I've ever had. JD the bartender can do no wrong. Hit this place up during Mardi Gras. This place can do no wrong.I had a party of 7 so I called ahead to see if I could make reservations - they do not take reservations but the lady who picked up the phone told me to call 15 minutes before we would get there to put our name on the list.
When I called to put my name on the list the guy who answered the phone had no idea what I was talking about and was quite rude and confusing. He told me he could seat us outside, but the propane tanks were out so there would be no heaters (it was a bit nippy for March). Either way my friends got to the restaurant and put our name on the list for us to get us an inside seat.
My friends were sitting at the bar and I told them what I was told about the propane tanks and the bartender (maybe owner or manager - she seemed like she was in charge) told me that the tanks were filed up yesterday so what I was told was wrong. She was very nice about it and I didn't know what to say so I just ordered a drink (which was fabulous). The waiter was very apologetic about our wait and even threw in a couple of free salsas.
Most of our table decided to go with the three tacos (beans and rice) and most got the  Carne Asada, Pollo Deshebrado, and Carnitas. 
The Carne Asada was delicious, the Carnitas was pretty good, the Pollo Deshebrado was DISGUSTING.
The chicken taco tasted like it was shredded pork cooked in old fish. Out of the four people who got this taco, only one person liked it. 
The only way I would come back to this place is to have a couple of drinks, chips and salsa and ONLY the Carne Asada taco. The service was just strange. When a female waitress brought out our orders she was basically whispering 'did anyone have a burrito?' when my friend and I said 'what' she looked at us, walked away to another table, asked them, then came back and asked us again.So happy this gem is open! Great ambiance, food and service all around. 
We started with superb drinks: the good the bad and the ugly starts smoky and then smooths out, and la paloma was perfectly balanced. The kids loved their agua frescas, and it was nice to have a non-soda drink option for the kids that wasn't full of sugar. 
Chips and salsa come with quite a few salsa options. We tried chile de arbol, fresca, and tomatillo avocado. I could have eaten my weight in this app alone. Chips were housemade, and although only 4 big ones come at a time, they do give refills. 
Entrees were all solid: kids split a mission burrito with fish (comes with beans and rice), both adults had tacos. You can choose from a big list of protein/veg options and each one has its own accoutrements. We tried carne asada, carnitas, tongue, chorizo, and shrimp. All were good, shrimp was my favorite. Carnitas were a touch dry, but sometimes carnitas are meant to be served crispy, so perhaps this is intentional?
Service was very friendly and attentive. No less than 6 people welcomed us and wished us a good evening upon entry and exit. If there had been any issue, I'm certain it would have been dealt with quickly. 
We will definitely be back soon. A long list of tequilas needs more exploring, sans kids. During parades, this place will be epic. Such a great magazine street addition!! Go, and soon!All of my Oaxacan fantasies come true! I just had the most delicious meal, and my dinner companion fully agreed. Bubbling hot queso, guacamole fully dressed (imagine the tangy pop of pomegranate seeds giving it some zing), duck enchiladas with the most delicious mole negro I have ever had... And I haven't even talked about the hand-ground tortillas or the amazing cocktails or the dozens upon dozens (101?) of tequilas, and I didn't even get to dessert. Our service was great, too - friendly, accessible, and speedy. Priced very reasonably and beautifully plated, my meal here was beyond terrific.We went for the first time two weeks ago, and loved it. Definitely our new go-to for Mexican. 
We visited on a Thursday night, and sat inside, next to the open kitchen. We ordered  a strawberry cocktail (the name escapes me), which tasted of fresh fruit and was not overly sweet or syrupy, followed by an ice-cold Sol.
I had never tried queso fundido before, and I enjoyed it.. the cheese was the perfect temperature and consistency. For our entrees, both the husband and I had the goat tacos ("Cabritos"), which were beyond delicious, with tender meat and fresh tortillas. The meal ended with hot, fresh churros with a chocolate cremeux. Overall, a fantastic meal.
The service was attentive and very friendly.The margaritas will always knock it out. The food is delicious. And the prices are reasonable.The food was amazing! It was 4 adults and we had just about everything off the menu including drinks. Not one item was bad but bursting with flavor. The waitress was awesome and was very knowledgeable about the menu. This is our new go-to Mexican restaurant.Burritos are good. Tacos are not. Drinks are good. Prices are not. There service is hit or miss. I want to like the place but something is just a little off.New Mexican restaurant on Magazine! Which is awesome because there is not enough Mexican food in New Orleans. Love the ambience. Our waitress was pretty swamped but she still gave us great service, so it's all good. 
They have a nice cocktail menu. I don't like margaritas, so I'm glad they had several other options.
The food was pretty good. I loved the salsa but the chips that came with it were super weird. They were big, round, crispy tortillas that were really thick. You only get 5 at a time, and when you break them up, it makes more like 20 chips, but still not even close to enough for the amount of salsa we got. We had to ask for more chips like, 5 times. Not a huge deal, but kind of annoying. I got the tacos: cactus, fried fish, and grilled shrimp. The grilled shrimp one was AMAZING!! I wish I had gotten all three of those because the other ones were just okay. My friends duck enchiladas looked awesome. I would maybe go again. If the chips were better, I would 100% go again...Second time here. First time was nice enough, so we returned. Granted, last night was the night of the Irish Channel parade--a mile or two down the road, and hours earlier--so the restaurant probably got slammed all day. But, it was not very crowded when we got there around 8pm. Sorry, but the hostess was just hopeless. I could go on and on, but she was really...lost. Walking in circles, almost. After she got my name, we stood and watched for a long time...after a few minutes she asked if I'd checked in yet and when I said I had, she seemed really confused....then she went back to moving chairs over 2 inches..rearranging napkins on empty tables...walking in circles. She seemed...distressed. The only possible thing that may have delayed our getting a table was that I did say we preferred outside, meaning the front porch (with empty tables).  After asking someone else if there was a problem, we finally got seated(it really was a long time), walking past a few more empty tables to the back patio, which we didn't even know existed. So perhaps when I said 'outside' they thought I wanted the back patio. But still..there really was a serious malfunction with the seating process. 
Our waitress warned us that they were really slammed and the kitchen was really backed up--we may want to order appetizers, and that's why they delayed seating us (oh..so standing as we waited is better than sitting while we waited??).
So, we each got the Mission Burrito, one beef, one pork. Neither had any flavor. Completely bland. Boring. Perfectly edible, but blah. I could have done (much) better at home, and that is the most basic criteria for not going back for me....
Oh...their chips are great. One of the salsas was really good. One was pretty hot but way over--something'd...too much smoke flavor. 
Oh well, good thing there are lots of other good options in town.Born and bred in San Diego, I have a thing or two to say about Mexican and/or Cali-Mex food.  I can eat tacos all day long.  Maybe, I should have stuck with the basics when coming to this newbie restaurant.
Here's the run down:
Drinks - the hubby got the hibiscus iced tea which was delicious (not at all watered down like some other iced teas in town) and I got the satsuma house margarita which was cool and refreshing, but a tad too sweet.
Apps - we got the guac with pomegranate seeds.  The guac was creamy but didn't really have much flavor and not enough onions for our taste.  And there was about 10 pomegranate seeds in our whole guac dish... which cost us an extra 50 cents.  What the eff?  If I have to pay an extra 50 cents at least gimme a good amount of what I paid for.  Sheesh.  The "chips" are super salty and super oily tostadas... they were super addicting though.  
Entrees - the hubby got the gulf fish with mojo.  The fish was actually cooked perfectly.  Nice and flaky.  But was lacking in flavor, unless you ate each bite with the mojo.  I got the duck enchiladas after reading some reviews, and was slightly disappointed.  The hubby thought the mole sauce was really good, but I thought that the duck was too dry.  
We'll give this place another try and see if their tacos fare better then all the other stuff.Service was great, salsas were good, margs tasted like lemonade and the entrees were unfortunately awful.  I hate to give a bad review of a new place but the food was literally not edible, we actually left and went somewhere else because we couldn't eat any of out food.  I had the sautéed gulf fish, red fish, and there was this weird glaze over most of the fish and potatoes.  It tasted like a chemical, I actually had to spit out my food - something I've never done!!  My boyfriend got the duck enchiladas and they also were bad, very bland and tough.  I'm sad because I was realky looking forward to this place, especially since we can walk here but there is much better mexican in town for half the cost.Nice atmosphere. Good service. We only ordered the guacamole but it was fantastic. I had there lemonada which was nice.Really enjoyed this place! Great addition to the neighborhood! Good drinks and amazing tequila selection. The duck enchiladas were fantastic! The guacamole was fresh and very tasty! The drinks were good and reasonably priced. They were sold out of the Queso Fundido so looking forward to trying that next time. My only complaint would be that there isn't a huge amount of indoor seating meaning in the summer if you don't want to sit in the heat you may have a bit of a wait! Flip side is it will be great to sit on the patio in the fall!Go here. Get a goat taco. Be mind blown. Get some salsa while you're at it and a cocktail both are great! Service is attentive. You can see the kitchen from some of the tables so you know where your foods coming from.Nola.com called Del Fuego the best Mexican in New Orleans, and while I was skeptical of that claim, I agree.*
The good: the first spicy salsas in this town that can actually make me reach for a glass of water (and chug my sangria). Good drinks at happy hour, although they are very sweet, and for the margarita, very salty. A nice tequila list. Interesting, delicious food like huitlacoche, black mole, and the molcajete, as well as classic go-to items for the unadventurous (tacos, burritos, quesadillas).
The bad: Small stuff, really. Staff is a little anal about seating, and less focused on making people feel welcomed and comfortable. I think the kitchen runs slow sometimes so they hesitate to seat people because they don't want to deal with complaints. That's a pain if you're standing outside in the rain, or want to sit and have a few happy hour drinks before you eat. Mistake was made with our order, but it was corrected on the fly.
Also, they put rice in the burrito, which outs the chef as being American and from the West Coast. People, rice does not go in a burrito. It's OK for cheap burrito joints to do this, but not real Mexican restaurants serving things like from scratch mole and food in a molcajete. It's as weird as having a rice sandwich.
*I have tried all of our new taquerias, most of the cheap taco stands, low brow and high brow taco and burrito trucks, all of the area old favorites, and the best Mexican places out in the New Orleans suburbs. I once spent two weeks traveling around the American Southwest and ate at a different Mexican restaurant every day (sometimes twice a day) for 15 days straight. I also live with a Latina, have multiple Mexican cookbooks, and cook Mexican food. So if it's not clear by now, I think of myself as experienced with Mexican food.Today was my second time here and I will say that I enjoyed the food more than the first time - but this place has some problems. First, the interior design is very cute and comfortable. I give 5 stars for the service. I don't remember the name of the gentleman who took care of us - but he was the only server there. I give 3.5 stars for the loaded guacamole. It was very tasty however for the price, the serving size should have been larger. The tostado chips are A+++ delish! I ordered the Verde de la Diosa salad. Again, ridiculously over priced. I essentially paid $10.00 for a plate of romaine lettuce. Load it with toppings!!! What the heck? My friend ordered the enchilada. They were good - but I found the sauce to be tasteless. Lastly, the sangria tastes and looks like kool aid. I really wanted to like this place more.Not sure how I have never been here before. Great food and really awesome margaritas ! The guac was delicious however the house made chips were amazing !!!! Had veggie tacos that were spiced perfectly. Great way to spend a 4 hour lunch! Service was fantastic, and with big smiles! I will be back !We visited this place last Saturday evening.  It's a cute restaurant, and had it not been a bit chilly we would've gotten a table outside on the cute patio. It was not a busy night as there were only a few other people there.  Unfortunately we felt like our waitress ignored us most of the time - she'd walk right past us over and over, avoiding eye contact, never offering refills or to check on us. We got a round of drinks before ordering food,  and would've loved another round while we ate as well as dessert after,  but she never really came back to our table until we were all completely finished and had been waiting so long for the bill that we just wanted to get out of there. We ended up going elsewhere for more drinks and dessert because of this. 
I agree with other yelpers that the queso fundido was bland and not as appetizing as hoped for.  The shrimp ceviche was very good.  I got the three tacos with rice and beans; I only ate 1 taco and would've liked more beans - the portion seemed so small.
Overall, mainly due to the service and somewhat bland food,  I would not suggest this restaurant to Mexican lovers as there are so many other flavorful options for this style of food in the city and surrounding cities.Total clusterfuck. Big crowd, not enough servers. Our server put a pitcher of water on our table and walked away, not noticing it spilled all over me and my plate. The floor around us was dripping wet. I would have asked him to help us clean it up, but we didn't see him again until he brought the bill. In the meantime, both my son's and my mother's chairs slipped on the water. Both of them hurt themselves. 
And to top it off, they added an automatic 22% gratuity to our bill. Never going back. Get your shit together.Pretty good tacos with lots of fresh flavors. The fish taco was excellent!They have a good burrito. Tastes great. 
But i have to say the price is really high and for a $14 burrito, the hot sauce they gave me was the chinciest portion of sauce Ive ever seen - didnt even cover the bottom of a small plastic ram. Very annoying and cheap.OMG SOOOOO Good. I love everything they do and the staff is so friendly and helpful.  They make every time a great experience and go out of their way.  So happy they opened in the neighborhood.  Can't wait to see what they come up with next on the menu!  Keep it up!So I retried Del Fuego on Cinco de Mayo.  I ordered the carnitas burrito.  In short, it was not good.  I could tell the ingredients were slightly higher quality than some other Mexican spots in town, but the end product was a dud.  I ate half and called it a night.
Best part of my meal...the Mexican coke.  I love those things.
I've learned my lesson on Del Fuego.  Look elsewhere.Looked up their happy hour online. Looked great- but we were very disappointed 
Service was terrible. Took 20 mins to get a margarita and when we did, it was mostly sour mix.
Never knew who our server was. Different people every time. Never checked on. 
Fish tacos were awesome. 
Won't return because not accommodating. No condiments on tableBest place for Margaritas. Our waitress Ryan was absolutely awesome! She is always very attentive, always smiling, and gives the best recommendations. Nice atmosphere and very highly recommend over any other "mexican" restaurant...take it from a mexican!!First, you won't find any Tex-Mex here.  It's definitely more Baja and central Mexico-style. This is my go to place for margaritas and authentic Mexican food that won't break the bank (like Johnny Sanchez).   Everything is house-made with care.  I think I've made it through 75% of the menu and have to say they do a great job on the vast majority of items.  All items were well made with fresh, high quality ingredients, but some just weren't to my taste.  All of the salsas are unique and worthwhile.  Seems like most others here only comment on the tacos and burritos, but the appetizers and entrees are pretty spectacular.  Try the tostadas con pescada ahumada...delicious!  The pescado con mojo de ajo is out of this world.  If you're really hungry go for the El molcajete...just don't touch the bowl when they bring it out!  
Service is usually pretty good, but it can be a bit much for the servers when large groups show up or the house is packed.  Give 'em a break and order 2 margaritas at a time!AMAZING!!!!!  The service was GREAT...shout out to PATRIck!! Homemade margaritas ....I was tipsy half way through a glass...I got the sangria floater added...ordered the Queso fundido delicious!!!! My boyfriend ordered the tres hermanos burrito ...delicious x 2. I ordered the fish quesadillas (drum fish, which I love and it was grilled to perfection). Nice atmosphere. There is a bottle of what I think is habanero sauce and a salsa verde...add it to your food bc it's sooo good! I will definitely be coming back. You won't be disappointed...prices are reasonable too!I stopped in Del Fuego for lunch this past Thursday and it was already busy! Nice patio area at the front that was shaded--super nice on a hot day!! The dining area inside was nice as well. My friends and I enjoyed the salsa trio which was great; and don't even get me started on the tostadas! I could have left happy having only eaten that for my meal. Of course, that isn't the case. The tacos were delicious! I chose the carne asada, but everything else on the table looked equally as appetizing! Judging by the clean plates at the end of the meal, I'm pretty sure that my assumptions were right.I love this restaurant. There is nothing on the menu I've tried that wasn't at least very good and several things that made me go DAMN this is great! (the fish dinner! the fundido!) Everything at Del Fuego is homemade and handmade, no shortcuts -- tortillas, margaritas, frescas, salsas, purées. It's really quite impressive. All the servers are a delight and the owners are almost always there. Go to this neighborhood gem for some *real* Mexican food and cocktails; you won't be disappointed!Great cocktails, service, and queso! We came in just to beat the heat, and were pleasantly surprised. Definitely will come back soon.What a yummy place! It's been a while since I've been to NOLA and have notice more Mexican/New Orleans fusion food. I'm from Texas and love me some Tex-mex. So, would this food by considered "Nola-mex?!?" 
We enjoyed their crawfish queso which was served with small corn tortillas. Super Yum! I ordered their tacos plate and choose carnitas, fried shrimp (should've asked for it grilled), and carne asada. The tacos were a little too salty for me, but I couldn't stop eating them. I ordered a kids burrito for my toddler and this burrito was huge. It was big enough for a teen. Next time, I may ask them to cut it in half and pack the rest away. It's definitely a 2 mealer.
I would definitely return and try one of their dishes. Oh yeah, our waitress rocked!!The food was delicious. The service was amazing. I've been meaning to try this place for a while now. So glad I grabbed lunch here. And the coolinary deal made it even better!! I had the salsa verde and Tinga chicken quesadilla. I'll be back very soon to try more of the menu!! Yum!The food was amazing. The fish tacos are out of this world. The salsas are the best. Watch out for the Margaritas though. They will knock u down.  Logan is a great bartender and quite the characterReally cute place! I loved the outside patio. We ordered happy hour drinks ($6 margs, $2.5 select beers) but other than that, the happy hour wasn't very extensive. We also got guac with homemade chips anyways - delicious!I go here as much as I can! The margaritas can't be beat and their burritos and tacos are the best in town. And their tumbler deal is awesome. Buy a reusable tumbler and you get happy hour prices as long as you bring the tumbler back with you.Good - not great, but good. Everything seemed fresh, I ate outside on their small patio as I had my dog with me, and I would not hesitate to go back again. 
I ordered a full entrée of "carnitas burrito", chips with green and red salsa, several beers, and enjoyed the atmosphere afforded by dining outside (but, in the merciful shade).
The waitress was very attentive to my dog's need for water, and that is always appreciated, so that was nice. too.
Debouching back onto Magazine, I felt fat and happy, and ready to get the rest of my evening started.They have improved since I first ate here. I think the drinks are great but the food just doesn't really hold up compared to other offerings in the city.Best Mex in Nola, and thankfully NOT Tex-Mex. Instead it is West Coast style, which is a much better option. The loaded guacamole may be the best guacamole I've ever had anywhere in the U.S. or Mexico.Found this gem by accident, we were lured by the Margaritas and then enthralled by the super delicious food. 
Looking for Guacamole, freshly made tortillas? Destination here! They do a brisk take out business as well! JD, the wonderful barkeep makes yummy concoctions that will slake any thirsty soul. Make this place your next destination! I am already planning my next visitI went again with a group of nine people and warned them that the food was not good. I knew the only thing that was good were the chips and the steak tacos. So I ordered some guacamole for the table and three steak tacos (two other people followed suit and got tacos).
The tortilla disintegrated as soon as I picked up the taco. I even made a comment to the waiter and he said "well your food wasn't sitting there for too long".... excuse me?
I will never return here again. This place really needs to get its act together.I know good Mexican food... This is great Mexican food! I was expecting some Americanized version based on the exterior but we were all pleasantly surprised by the authenticity of the food. Black bean soup is amazing and so are the tacos...guacamole not so much. Great service and great locationOk, so I'm super happy about this Mexi addition to my neighborhood. I walked on over on this steamy Friday evening, the eve of the first night of summer.  I got there about 6 and there was already a 25 minute wait to eat inside, so we chose outside. We were seated in the back yard, which was super cute by the way. There was a big fan out there so it wasn't too bad to sit in the heat. I'm pretty tolerable of the heat in a good ole NOLA summer, so some may be uncomfortable despite the fan. We ordered the trio of salsas, there are several to choose from. The chips they serve with the salsas and the guac are different but good. They definitely need to give you more than they do for the amount of salsa. I was happy with my choices of salsa, but honestly the margarita has clouded my memory. I know I got the tomatillo avocado one. The tacos I got were ok, the chicken and carne asada on the tacos were a little dry. The carnitas were really the best of the 3 meats. The house margarita was my favorite part, of course. $8 and you get a nice pint glass full of marg! I think the place needs a little time to work out the kinks, like the server taking away my friend's marg glass before she was done. The place is a beautiful renovation and a great addition to the area. I'll give it a try again in a few months.We came in for dinner tonight and the food was actually not good. For the amount of money we spent, ($50 for two entrees and an appetizer), I would have expected a lot better. Both of our entrees were accompanied by downright crunchy, undercooked rice and the flavor was very lacking. The only positive is that they had a good mole sauce. Don't waste your money here.Margaritas are amazing!! Guacamole is also not to miss. Don't be deceived by the steep price; it's a huge portion that is packed with quality ingredients. I got the burrito which was so good and so filling! The cotija cheese in it was a great addition. Knocked off one star because we were sat on the banquette that ran along the kitchen and the fluorescent lights were obnoxious. I'll just sit outside next time. Overall, a great place.Everything here is top notch. Go for the variety of tacos, salsas, and the best chips in town (seriously. You'll see!I visited this restaurant 05/02/16 and will probably never go back. I ordered the los Tres Hermanos Burrito and my very first bite into it, I bit into something RUBBER! I was pretty grossed out and stopped the next server that walked by, which wasn't our server, and showed it to him. He responded, "That looks like something from our spice containers. I'm sorry. Let me take that and have them make you a new one." When he walked off we seen him showing it to someone we assumed was a manager, he may not have been, who knows. 
They made me a new one, but the incident was never acknowledged again. The server who was taking care of us never mentioned it, a manager never came to speak to us , nothing. The guy we even thought was the manager was the one who dropped us our check, and still said nothing. I wasn't expecting someone to kiss my ass over it. I know things happen. I was fine waiting for a new one to be made, was fine still paying for it, but thought a little extra effort of customer service or reassurance that this isn't something they take lightly or brush off would have gone a long way. A foreign object in a meal is a big issue. I'm grateful it was only something rubber and wasn't something that could have cracked a tooth or I could have choked on. None the less, it was still disgusting. 
Also, note how it wasn't our server who was there for me to bring the issue up to. It wasn't our sever who closed us out. She was very unattentive and I bet she doesn't even know this incident even occurred. 
In addition, the drinks were very bland. I ordered their "Sangria Roja," that was suppose to have red wine, brandy, pineapple juice, hibiscus tea etc, and it was very weak and unflavorful. I think it may have even been the wrong drink. This was priced at $8 on the menu, but on our bill was only called "Red Sangria" for $6. This may just be my personal preference and could easily have been overlooked had the overall experience and service not have been so bad. 
I simply wouldn't recommend this place. There are too many good places to eat in the area, don't waste your time.Moving from Southern California to New Orleans meant giving up my favorite cuisine.... Mexican (no not texmex, I'm talking about Baja Mexico)
Drinks- We came during happy hour (3pm-7pm). My husband started with a Juan Daly drink, it reminded me of a Starbucks Very Berry Hibiscus but with a touch of tequila. It was great! Definitely getting it next time.
Appetizer- Then came the trio salsa, usually $6, but for happy hour its $3. Great price especially for how much they give you. I honestly forgot which three we got but my favorite had a citrus taste but ended off with a kick. Very good! All taste very homemade, I felt as if I were eating at my friends house in Cali.
Entrees - I ordered the three tacos and rice and beans. My husband got the burrito that had carne asada and pork. This was GREAT! Definitely getting that burrito next time. The flavoring was amazing. My tacos were good, the carne asada kind of disappointed me, I'm not sure if it was the tortilla or the meat, but it was semi dry. The fish and shrimp tacos were great!
Service -  A++ our server Logan made our trip here so much more memorable and comfortable. He was awesome. He knew what he was talking about and had great recommendations. Very knowledgeable, great vibe, and attentive.
overall this place is great and we are so excited we found it. Besides the pricing (worth the $) and my carne asada tacos, I have nothing bad to say about this place.Sooo disappointed at this place we were in New Orleans from Seattle for the weekend and really look forward to going to this place since I had read the wonderful reviews. We ordered the queso fundido and the tortillas were cold and stiff , the queso fundido was super salty . We also had tacos that came with rice and beans that were terrible I almost want to say the rice Is from a box. Super disappointingThis is the solution if you're tired of the same old Americanized Mexican restaurants!  Wait staff very friendly and helpful. As for the food, everything our group ordered was a delight. The variety of house-made salsas were great, (but to the heat-wary, take heed), and the unique crispy round tortillas a big hit!  Margaritas are spot-on and reasonable. 
Break out of your Mexican rut and try them!We came for Cinco de Mayo last week and I had a good experience. It was a nice change of pace from the 2 normal Mexican restaurants that I go to in New Orleans that are closer to where I live so it was nice to try something new! We tried a trio of the salsas because I saw on Yelp that they looked good so we got the salsa Fresca, salsa verde, and habanero (pictures below). I'm not a big salsa person but I tried them and I was a fan of the salsa verde! The best part though is the homemade tostadas - so unique and delicious! I wish that I could have a stash of those to snack on at home they were so good! 
For my meal I had the fish taco and a chicken taco - both were great and had well matched toppings that went with them. They were pretty average size but I had some difficulties eating them without them falling apart at the end. It was a little more expensive than what I'm used to paying for Mexican food but I enjoyed my meal and will definitely come back to try more things on the menu!I'm not one to ever write a review but this place is outstanding! Consistently this establishment has been phenomenal. Our server was excellent & hit every service point. Food was divine. I enjoyed 3 tacos; carnitas, fried shrimp, and chorizo with refried beans and rice. 2 of my friends had the chicken enchiladas and I won't lie, that won! My other friend had the chorizo enchilada and that was incredible as well! To top it off, the bartender; Robert was an exquisite addition. Easily one of the best bartender I've ever had in town. Del Fuego keep rocking it!Have not been here in a while since we recently moved across town...oh how I miss using my happy hour cup!  Best juice and drinks, super fresh seafood and their menu seems to change a lot, and appropriate to the season.  Thanks y'all!my friend and i came for taco tuesday/happy hour and ordered WAY to much food because everything was so amazing. the salsas were fresh and interesting, the quality and flavor of everything was perfect. we were overwhelmed with how delicious everything was, and it was very decently priced as well. our server Ryan was adorable and accommodating, excellent service as well.Very nice seating area . Service was good . The salsas were great and chips were fresh and warm. Not to mention they don't skimp on the portion you get plenty for your money . Tacos were great and I must say I had the brothers 3 burrito which was steak pork and chicken and hands down the best burrito I have ever eaten. So much flavor down to the last bite . Highly recommended will be back when I am in the area .....First wanna say, hands down our favorite guacamole and chips. Want to mention the good before the bad...
There is a woman who works there all the time during lunch hours, who we are always so pumped to see and always gets everything perfect, quick, and is always friendly, even when she says she is stressed or busy. She listens to your requests and forgets nothing.
Then there's a guy, that works during the day some too. Well. We came tonight to a steady, but not "hoppin" crowd, and say 20 minutes (multiple tables open, though I noticed only 2 wait staff) until a different young girl took pity on us and got our drink order. Another 10 minutes (so 30 sitting total) and the guy finally walk over (after I've made multiple eye contact/smile/waves) to say "you guys going to order some food?"
We always order the exact same thing, and come in often, and he waits on us occasionally. When we said we'd love to and we know exactly what we want and want to order it all now, we say we've been waiting 30 minutes and are super ready, he laughs sarcastically-"30 minutes?" Only way we know is because we happened to look at the clock and realize we were 5 minutes until the Tuesday deals were off. So we were sure. Dang. Never waited like this in a place, and we've both been in food industry. Wish they had more wait staff like "our girl". She's one in a million.
Update: we were given popsicles. Apology? Perhaps. Food was good, as usual. Still a bit salty towards our dude, tho.IT'S WHAT'S ON THE OUTSIDE THAT COUNTS.
Fuego excels at unique house made salsas and tortillas. Of their seven condiments I regrettably only tried two (because I won't be back): the deliciously tangy verde and the smokey chili de arbol. The table hot sauces were my favorites though. The carrot habanero is semi sweet and fiery hot, the pineapple serrano is fruity and refreshing. But the best thing at Fuego are their light, buttery yet sturdy flour tortillas.
IT'S WHAT'S ON THE INSIDE THAT DOESN'T.
Fuego's queso fundido is sadly deceiving. For, despite the initial presentation of a beautifully charred and bubbly cheese dip, once below the surface it's a watery insipid mess of ground meat and gooey spinach. The Mission burrito is stuffed with 9 ingredients all of them flavorless.
WAY BETTER LATINO FOOD: Taqueria Guerrero, Casa Borrega, or get Fuego's 9 salsas and hot sauces as take-out and then use them at Rum House.The best Mexican restaurant in New Orleans!  We have been going there since they opened and have never been disappointed. Try the Caesar Seviche, it's a classic. This casual place makes you feel like you are part of their family.Good burrito.  I think their apps need some work, but the burrito was excellent.  The prices are too high for the food quality,  the wait staff is very proactive and friendly.I really wanted to love this place.I heard so many good things about it, but I did not get hooked.
I like their outside sitting area, and the inside space is really nice too.
I think the service is what messed up my experience. We got sitted right away, but it took the waiter about 5min to basically throw the menus at us. After that, we had to wait 20min for 2 margaritas and one beer. We got the food and the drinks at the same time!!!!!
Margaritas are OK, but they do not offer frozen margaritas.
We ordered a trio of salsas, guac, and a queso fundido. The 3 salsas were really food, the pepitas and the habanero were my favorite.
We added jalapeños to the guacamole, and they hit the spot! The guac itself was very simple and was lacking flavor/salt.
The queso fundido was good flavor wise, but it was not very "fundido", it was kind of cold when it hit the table, so we had to cut it in pieces.
Also, finding parking is always fun in magazine st.had the $8 burrito during the mardis gras parade last night. fantastic! u get a lot of goodness for ur money. great job! i will be back again today for more parades and i will hoping to get another burrito!Had an awesome time sitting out on the patio eating some amazing food and good strong margaritas. 
And we didn't even have the tacos we had the burritos! They were so full of flavor and all the ingredients fresh, would totally recommend for dine in or take out!
Hear good things about the tacos so guess I'll have to try them next.T'was the Taco Tuesday before Turkey Day & SO GLAD to have selected Del Fuego for the date night! 
I really enjoyed their approach to health & safety measures. Before entering the open air patio dining area, your order is taken by the host. Only a few minutes pass & you're escorted to your table that has your drinks + appetizers ready to enjoy. It was such a nice hospitality touch - very friendly and warm just like New Orleans dining should be! 
We enjoyed each sip of the house margarita, each bite of the loaded guacamole & our assortment of tacos (veggie, chicken, grilled fish & shrimp) all great! 
They're a small operation and I wish I knew everyone's name there, but only had the opportunity to learn Tony's name, who is wonderful & I look forward to being greeting by again! 
Your total at Del Fuego will include a living wage addition, which I hope sets a positive example for other establishments; they're taking care of their team members who, in return, will take excellent care of you!The staff and food at Del Fuego are the best in town. I love how I feel  like I'm part of the family from the servers. The staff is always attentive and there to meet my needs. As  far as the  food, I can't say enough! If you want an authentic Mexican experience this is your place. Aside front the French fries with chipotle mayo, which happens to be a must every time I visit. I would definitely visit here 100,000,000 over!The tacos were really good. Only thing I didn't like was how big they fish and shrimp were with it but it still tasted great. I wasn't impressed by the rice but it is probably because I am not big on rice. The sangria was good also. It's a pretty laid back environment. It wasn't crowded when I went but it's located in a nice part of magazine as well.This is my go-to Mexican restaurant for so many reasons. Not only is the service awesome, but the food is amazing and consistent. I would recommend this spot to anyone. Not to mention, another great quality is that the restaurant is completely eco friendly !Always a favorite of ours for margaritas and amazing Latin/ Mexican food. 
The good here is one of the best the city has to offer and the staff is just wonderful. 
This is a cool spot to hang have a drink and eat great food. 
EnjoyStaff is quick at turns and the food is piping hot!! Excellent starter the 8 different sauses with fresh fried chips. The margaritas* are amazing talk about crunk!! Yaaaaasss! The grilled  green onions are wonderful and I need them in my life forever! Plentiful portions and wonderful service made for a happy and successful date night. 
* still sitting here enjoying it!It was a rainy day but Del Fuego made up for it It was Taco Tuesday and Date Night so we visited this spot on Magazine St.  You've probably passed by but you've got to venture in. I arrived before my date and was able to be seated. There's indoor and outdoor seating available but their outdoor seating is very sexy lol I highly recommend. After my date arrived, we ordered drinks. A Don Julio margarita for me, Modelo for him. I just have a pet peeve about cafeteria cups when I'm drinking, a glass would have done the margarita justice. Our waiter suggested the Salsa Trio and it was a great recommendation! The sauces are freshly made and they ask how hot would you like them. It was the cilantro sauce for me though. OMG! It's phenomenal, no lie! They serve the sauces with these whole fried tortillas and it's absolutely amazing. We kept it light and ordered the ala carte tacos. Fish for him and Fish/Beef for me. There are two tortillas with each taco so it's basically four. The fish tacos were delicious. I didn't enjoy the beef as much. Despite the rain, with such good ambiance, lighting and cool food/drinks, we got lost in each other and had an awesome night! I'd definitely return. Side note: my phone died and my date took the pics. Sorry they aren't up to par. He'll get there lol.Food was very delicious and a great amount for the price. Also they are practicing great social distancingFunky place!!  Great food and Madelyn, our waitress, took great care of us.  It was her third day too!!
Nice authentic Mexican food!!
And I always put in a special order!!  
I recommend the place!You HAVE to come here! Great atmosphere, perfect, hygienic standards for the times we live in, PLUS the food and drinks are actually amazing. Awesome salsa, beautifully blended margaritas, fresh, loaded guacamole, above average safety measures, plus fun and knowledgeable staff members like Ryanne. 
Do yourselves a favor and try it out but don't forget your mask!Another great find. Look at the photos below. This is a very cool and amazing spot to hang have few drinks and snack on amazing Mexican food. 
The service from the team was so accommodating. They took time to talk Margaritas Tequila and how they make it. 
With the guacamole they serve large tostadas baked chips. Really good. 
The food was fantastic, tasty  and delicious.  They have outside seating and a cozy place inside 
Food and drinks are fantastic here. A must visit.My wife and I come here for lunch every week.  They have the best Mexican food in New Orleans.  I always get a burrito bowl with grilled fish.  The guacamole and salsas are fresh and out of this world.  They serve great drinks and the staff is super friendly and very attentive.  After you go a few times they remember what you want.
Awesome place!I've been here about 4 times in the last month. The first time I went I order the egg roll burrito. It was HUGE and delicious. Definitely enough to eat and have a midnight snack. The second time I went I tried the shrimp and grits?! Right? You're thinking shrimp and grits from a Mexican spot? It was DELICIOUS!! The last time I had the carne asada quesadillas were good but not great. Blueberry margarita was FIRE  the first time. Second time not so much. Food on point. Drinks need a little work.I really wish your tacos were available for takeout during Covid. 
I love Del Fuego and I think it's a shame to have a separate menu for people who are can't do dine-in. Such a shame! 
MENU not clear. 
I have always gotten good food-- so A+++ but terrible on menu accommodations.
****Update: an hour after I wrote the review above I got a text message to change my review from the owner-- Don't come at your reviewers/customers VIA TEXT MESSAGE (not really sure how he got my number). I feel somewhat attacked (virtually abused)! yelp is for reviewing. excellent management should take criticism , especially during covid.Everything is really top notch. Very comfortable atmosphere, great service, friendly vibe. The epitome of New Orleans dining. The dips are all very tasty and the beef burrito is so big I couldn't even finish it. I want to try more things on the menu but I just love that beef burritoA friend took me here for dinner. The food was so delicious. Our orders were quick and hot to the table. The place is not very large so I would suggest coming early. We got there around 6pm and had a short wait but after that, it's a while. The only thing I did not care of about this place was the noise. It was so loud that I was pretty much yelling at my friend to have a conversation.First time here. Loved it! We were greeted promptly and with a smile and welcoming attitude! It continues throughout are entire time. Everyone stopped by to make sure we were taken care of. 
On to the margaritas. I am not normally a fan unless it is frozen. They do not have frozen but the house with blueberry is wonderful. My husband just had the house margarita and he said it is the best he has had since moving here. 
Food - great! Just so much of it! I had the mission burrito chimichanga style. He had the Mexican Pizza. Both were incredible. Warning - the pizza is so big it must be meant to share. 
This is our new place to go for margaritas and Mexican. Can't wait to try the enchiladas. 
The fact it is on Magazine Street is a plus. I love this area.I popped into Del Fuego for a quick weekend lunch and was super impressed. This strip of Magazine St. has pretty high turnover, and this place has been here for a while so they must be doing something right! I ordered the Los Tres Hermanos burrito, wet (duh), and was blown away - it was delicious, and FULL of carnitas, carne asada, and chicken tinga. Also, it was HUGE, so I got like 3 meals out of it. I can't wait to try more of their menu.Very happy with the dinner I picked up for takeout at Del Fuego! I got a carnitas burrito - it was HUGE! I also got some queso and tostadas. I liked the toastadas instead of traditional chips, they were nice and salty and crunchy. The salsa it came with was very interesting and unique too. Next time I would like to try the salsa flight that comes with the chips and salsa.It's been a while since I'd eaten there but the food was great and the service was impeccable. I was surprised to see an automatic 20% gratuity added (is this a new thing?) but was not opposed to it. 20% is the minimum amount for a tip and I expect to pay that despite the quality of service. We all have bad days so I never judge and in this case went above and beyond the added gratuity for the great service. Maybe prior notice would help.So good! Super local and super fresh. We had a large group, called for twelve, turned into 16, then had an extra two people show up!  They handled it with such grace and amazing service, and split the check 18 different ways - which we truly appreciate. Had a great time with great service and great food. We will be coming back!! Muffallottas love Del Fuego!So yeah. Tried this one night after class. Food was mediocre at best, service was awful, and all that with a pretty hefty price tag. 
We ordered the queso del fuego. The cheese was barely melted...looked like it was melted and then solidified again. It had no flavor and has little bits of spinach and un-seasoned ground pork in it.  I ordered the ribs with beans. They come wrapped in a banana leaf. Neat idea, but really hard to actually get through. The dish is too hot to do it with your hands, and too bulky to do with a fork and knife. The ribs were extremely dry and had little flavor. I could have made better beans at home. The watermelon lemonade was good, although $6 for 10 sips is a little steep. Our waiter would disappear to eat in a room for very long amounts of time. 
A guest had to open a door for a staff member when her hands were full as the rest of the staff was behind the bar drinking.
Probably won't be heading back here.I've been meaning to leave this review for quite sometime now. My family and I came to New Orleans for Easter 2018. This was our first time ever in this magical town. We were there for 15 days. We ate at lots of great places. Last night there was one of the most magical nights. As we walked down Magazine Street we came to Del Fuego. This was one of the best decisions of this trip. As we sat in this cute little Resturant talking about all the fun things we did on the trip, we noticed how friendly the owners and staff were. The drinks were good, the food was amazing to the point that my picky eating son was amazed. He said the steak in his quesadillas was some of the best he has ever eaten. My daughter could of eaten 5 ears of the street corn, she did eat 3! When leaving I made the comment to one of the owners about how my son lived the steak. She offered him and job but told me she'd email me the recipe as long as I didn't open up a Resturant and serve it. This kindness actually made this night one of the best nights we had on this trip. When we got back home to North Carolina I received my email. Not only with the steak recipe but also sides and salsa recipes that go with it. My only complaint about Del Fuego is that they aren't in my town serving me this amazing food. If your ever in New Orleans GO, GO, GO to Del Fuego. You will not regret it at all! Who knows it may turn into a memory that will last a life time!We picked this place because we decided to spend an afternoon shopping on Magazine and it was on the Coolinary list!
We made our reservations the day prior and chose inside seating to avoid heat in August aka hell. 
Our booth was ready for us when we arrived and staff wore masks. We noticed immediately that the AC was not working well and that made it a bit uncomfortable but it was bearable. Tony R. was our server and made our lunch fun!
The Coolinary menu choices are pictured below. We chose the Elotes for starter and it was freaking delicious!!! I chose the Veggie Mission Burrito for my entree and I enjoyed the fresh zucchinis, mushrooms, rice and beans. I could only eat half because it was the size of a newborn baby.
My family also had the Enchiladas and Seafood platter. Everyone was happy with their meals.
Dessert was choice of homemade Paleta popsicles....we chose peachy creamsicles  and a boozy blueberry one. All were quite yummy and we were impressed with the natural ingredients!!
Seriously, go here, get the Elotes and popsicles and thank me later!Great food and great service. The atmosphere was alright as it was pretty empty earlier in the week. I would go back there for sure.First off, let me say that I live in the neighborhood and always try to support locally owned spots. Also, I love the owner's "Be kind" comment on Yelp. Having said that, this is a restaurant that needs to pay more attention to its customers and their satisfaction. 
The margaritas are great: hands-down. And the first one I ordered was served quickly. However, the food is mediocre and super, super slow. I ordered the 3 tacos plate and it took 35 minutes to arrive (during a not-busy lunch on a weekday.) I sat outside and 20 minutes after ordering, I finally received my side salad (I opted out of the rice & beans.) When my tacos finally arrived, I asked for another margarita and some hot sauce, which arrived in another 5 minutes or so. And the hot sauce seems home-made and is great! But 2 of my tacos were super cold (carne asada & carnitas) and lacked flavor.  The only good one was chicken tinga. The waitress never came back to check on me. Sadly, I can't justify going back.Our group of 5 had lunch here this week and again the food and the service were impeccable. 
As you can see from the photos we had a lot of food and of course Margaritas. 
The Margaritas here are just excellent. And the food, you can tell the chef takes the time to Prep every dish with care. 
Love, love this place. 
Another great find. Look at the photos below. This is a very cool and amazing spot to hang have few drinks and snack on amazing Mexican food. 
The service from the team was so accommodating. They took time to talk Margaritas Tequila and how they make it. 
With the guacamole they serve large tostadas baked chips. Really good. 
The food was fantastic, tasty  and delicious.  They have outside seating and a cozy place inside 
Food and drinks are fantastic here. A must viWhat a find.  We stumbled on this little gem while looking for a place to eat on Monday.  You may or may not know that it can be pretty tough to find an open restaurant on a Monday in this town.  
It's not very big, but it does boast ample outdoor, covered seating.  Pretty nice if it isn't too hot.  We chose to dine inside.  My sister opted to start with the guacamole.  It was pretty good.  The chips the serve are more like deep fried tortilla shells.  Personally, I prefer regular chips, but my sister liked these.  
My wife ordered the Los Tres Hermanos Burrito.  That thing was awesome.  I'd highly recommend it.  I got the pork El Mission Burrito.  It was just ok.  Not a great flavor.  It'll work in a pinch, but I won't get it again.  My sister ordered the roasted duck enchiladas.  If you like duck, you'll like these.  Give 'em a shot.  
Overall, a good place.  The menu is limited, but the venue is appealing.Love this fun spot! Visited for a Drag bingo one Sunday after brunch and have visited again on a margarita crawl! Fresh bar with phenomenal margaritas and other cocktails and delicious eats! Get the chicaronnes with the Spicy Mayo dipping sauceWent for happy hour. The deals were unimpressive. 3-7, you can get $3 chips and salsa trio and $6 drink specials. While I appreciate the late hour, that's where my kudos end. 
We ordered chips/salsa and the WORST house margarita I've had since moving to New Orleans 3 years ago...and I've had plenty. (Araña and La Casita top the list.) I'm alright with premade cocktail mix, but Del Fuego's margarita tasted like it came out of a plastic bag and went directly into the margarita "fountain" behind the bar. If it's drunk you want however, drunk you'll be. The fountain had plenty of tequila. A pint of margarita and you better not drive home! 
The chips and salsa trio were ok. Couldn't tell much difference between the avocado salsa and the verde. The pepita sauce was unique and not spicy as the menu stated. Kinda like a Mexican hummus. 
Their menu leaves a lot to be desired. Their taco options look boring (no tacos a la cart?) and I doubt I'll be back to try them. It's too bad, I've been wanting to try them forever because of their proximity to my house, but what a let down.We had a fabulous lunch here at Del Fuego.  Waiter, JD surprised us with excellent margaritas.  The loadedguacomoleWe have ordered take out and dined in numerous times  during COVID and every time it is same as the last! Amazing! If there is one place that is doing Covid right it is Del Fuego! Can't wait to checkout the float!!!My husband & I look for salsa-tasting options at Mexican/Tex-Mex eateries and these did not disappoint! Fun & soo good! Both hot & mild. We both had the chicken quesadillas & they were amazing! (Only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars is because we really weren't fans of the queso - definitely not worth the price.) Also, Covid regulations worked very well; everything was pristine & timely. Highly recommend a reservation due to current seating.Try the chorizo verde (I've never seen this anywhere else) and a tamarind margarita. And enjoy it on their front deck overlooking Magazine St. Happy hour is baller, their home made tortilla chips are great with their wide variety of home made salsas. Don't skip the fish tacos either!Got the surf and turf California burrito. It was huge and shared between two people. But at $16, I was expecting the size. It tasted great although could have used a bit more spice. 
They also didn't give us any straws, napkins or utensils. We planned to eat at the park, so made for a messy dinner. Didn't want to go back and ask but should be standard in take out orders. 
Most of the customers were not wearing mask for pick up and no social distancing. I don't entirely blame the restaurant but some tape or guidance on where people should stand as they wait for food would help in the safety area.
We also ordered margaritas which were kinda gross especially after getting some from Cure a few days prior to compare. 
Overall not bad but could use improvement