I haven't been hitting up as many high-end restaurants of late, and my bank account thanks me. But with the benefit of a group-on, I dropped in on Desi Vega's Steakhouse and had an excellent meal.
We made reservations for 8 p.m. on a Friday evening with just a few days lead time, so it's not packed, but clearly did need the reservations. Parking was a little challenging, but not awful, and I could have used valet if I was so inclined. The manager was very helpful from the start; we were a bit early, but we ordered drinks and when the table was ready quickly, they simply brought the drinks to our table. It's a relatively small place with windows all around that look out on Lafayette Square and St. Charles Avenue. I wouldn't say it's a romantic place at all, but a nice place with some "buzz" going on. I'm thinking it's the type of place where people like to be seen. It was loud, but not overwhelming and the tables had good space between them, so you had privacy. As far as atmosphere, I would give it a 23 out of 30 - and most of the points come off because of my own preference for a little more relaxed of an atmosphere.
Jumping into the food, it was very good. I had a filet, which was pricey ($41) but very good. I added the crab meat and asparagus (thumbs up) as well. The meat comes on a crazy sizzling hot plate; the sizzling meat sound with the smell is always a good thing. One key thing is that vegetarians can eat here! There are a handful of options, so don't be scared by the "steakhouse" name. The Mac and cheese was considered a specialty of the place, but I wasn't impressed, nothing bad, just nothing spectacular. One of the appeals was that they have Pappy Van Winkle (15-year). It was $26 for a glass and it was very tasty. Overall on food, I will give this a 42 out of 50. All was very good, but nothing blew me away.
The service was top-notch. I'm not even sure how it could be any better. We were seated very quickly, nearly exactly at 8 p.m. We had multiple waiters and everything was prompt without seeming rushed. I'm trying to knock points off, but the only issue might have been a little wait to actually get the bill - but in some ways, that's appreciated, they weren't looking to run us out. I'll give it a 19 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 84. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).About 8 months ago I happened to be sitting next to a good friend of Desi Vega's owner on a flight from New Orleans to Las Vegas. With three hours to kill we talked about the great restaurants in both cities. She being a little bias told me how great the food was at both Desi Vega's and Mr. Johns. After some time passed my mother was visiting for a month around Christmas and we felt like trying a steakhouse. I decided to try a new spot and remembered the conversation on the flight. I took the whole family to Desi's and was very impressed with every dish that came out. My favorite cut of meat is a bone in filet and it is usually hard to find. Although the prices were not inexpensive I have paid a lot more for the same cut of meat at more famous restaurants and found that this one was as good if not better then anyone I've ever had before. The service was just as good. The manager made a point of bringing my 4 year old daughter back to the kitchen to help make homemade ice cream for her desert. The food made all the adults very happy but this small touch made it very memorable for my little girl.
Just to make sure it wasn't a one hit wonder I went back last week with a business partner for a quick and early dinner. The service and food was just as good. I will definitely go back.I went to the restaurant with a group of 8, it was a last minute decision and we were all pleasantly surprised at how accommodating they were especially with such a large group. The food was superb, very flavorful and the service was exceptional.  I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who desires an excellent/memorable experience.We went here for my 40th birthday and it was the best meal and experience I have ever had!! We arrived 40 min before our reservation and the manager said no problem they would seat us right away. We sat at the bar and had drinks while we waited. The bar tenders were fantastic!  Then when we got to our table the service got even better if possible!! They gave us a meatball and bread as lagniappe( best meatball I have ever eaten! ) we ordered fried green tomatoes, steak bruschetta, bacon wrapped shrimp, and pork belly. I really can't pick my favorite. We all had steaks with the exception of Chris who had fish!  It was all amazing!  I really can't say enough amazing things about our experience!! If you get the chance, eat there!! I know I will be back!!!Went here with the wife recently. I had heard great things about Mr John's, and knew Desi Vega was one of the owners, who had now opened up his own place. We had been here when it was Mike's on the Avenue, so we knew the space pretty well also.  Upon entering, we noticed they had not really changed much from the Mike's days, in fact, I'd venture to say nothing had changed.  For a classy steak restaurant, I guess that's okay, but I'm used to something like Ruth's Chris where things are more subdued. 
Our waiter was awesome, he helped us figure a couple of things out, divided a big salad for us, and kept us satisfied. The food was good, but I was expecting more for the prices. We ordered steaks cooked medium, but neither of our steaks came out that way. They were more medium well, and yes, it doesn't sound like a big difference but it is. No matter, they were still great. We did ask our waiter but he said that's how they do it there.  Maybe he couldn't see my steak very well or something, but we didn't push it further. 
I have to say, the presentation of the food was a bit strange. The plates were barely bigger than the food. I'm not sure what that was about, but when they brought out our steaks, they were on smaller plates, plus they were hot plates. I guess I would have gone for a full size plate if I was given the choice. 
Overall, it didn't quite live up to my expectations, or my experience of a place like Ruth's Chris, but it was still a quality restaurant, and a place I'd go back to. They had a wide selection of wine, and a deal where you could order a porterhouse steak for two, which we may get on a return visit.Absolutely the best steak in New Orleans. I had the filet and it was so tender and cooked perfectly. The creamed spinach was also amazing. Great wine selection too. Great space for a steakhouse.Just returned from dinner here and was totally turned off by the matre d'. We arrived between 6 and 6:30 without reservations. The place was empty except for people at the bar. He directed us to a table in front of the waiter's station. I meekly asked if we could have another table and he huffed and put us in front of the kitchen door. Maybe I should have demanded better placement.
The dinner was nice, I had the lobster tail entree for $49.00. Yes, it is expensive. I was so turned off by the bad treatment that I probably won't go back. Oh yeah, as we left, the restaurant was only about half full.My Husband and I had a beautiful time as always . The Food was soooo good . Our Steaks was cooked to perfection . That. Excellent food, SOMETHING ABOUT THE WAY IT MADE ME FEEL  !!!!! Our server Kevin was amazing . The hostess Abby is a Diamond in the Ruff .Lance was not our server tonight , but he is awesome . Chris the. General Manager is always on top of things and actually visits the tables and check on the Guests . The Assistant General Manager Richard was great as well . We are elated regulars and always feel welcome by Desi Vega 's Staff . Thank you for your passion .Our table was ready when we walked in. This place isn't the largest yet busy so they carefully maximize their seating. Our servers Thomas and Kevin were a good team. Thomas worked with us as we decided on a bottle of wine. Attentive. We both ordered the Rib Eye. Succulent and juicy as expected. Suprised the Chef doesn't offer creamed horseradish. Perhaps they will consider offering this easy to make steak enhancement. Thomas was willing to stir some sourcream and horseradish together per our request. the Freddie Mac and cheese was recommended. The Andouille was a nice addition although we didn't identify the crawfish that was suppose to be in there. A minor snafoo happened with our creamed spinach. It impressed us that the food runner immediately recovered the issue without handing it back to the server. That way our second creamed spinach was eaten with the rest of our food. The red velvet brownie has excellent cream cheese but the brownie itself was rather boring. Almost like the flourless cakes that have reared it's boring head.What a great, quick lunch! I had a Groupon that was expiring, so my work bestie and I came for lunch. These burgers are amazing. The lunch prices are way more reasonable than I was expecting, also.Wow. We had high expectations, NO disappointments here. Yes real prime beef. They can Pittsburgh to perfection and the steak was perfectly cooked to temp. Randall and JC were our wait staff. Easy professional and appropriately attentive. While there, I cough Serveral allergy coughs, JC brought me honey that totally calmed them down. Red fish perfect and they even got the vegetables right. Don't miss this place. Two dinners, two sides, dessert coffee and drinks so reasonable we had to add a little to the tip to pay closer to the value we received. We come to NOLA about four time a year and will make this place a regular stop ! Congratulations to a job well done. Thanks for a perfect evening for two of the pickiest food snobs ever !Great steakhouse that will give Ruth Chris' a run for their money. The steak is served just like Ruth's on a hot plate soaked in butter; it was well-seasoned, and cooked to medium rare perfection. But what made this restaurant so great wasn't just the steak but the appetizers, sides and desserts. We had a large party so we were able to try everything they had to offer, and the highlights for me were: braised pork belly, crystal hot sauce onion rings, andouille and crawfish mac and cheese, fried calamari, creme brulee, and peanut butter and chocolate cake. The service was great and will definitely see us again. My only complaint would be that my petite filet was smaller than at other steak houses but since everything else was so good it didn't matter so much to me.We arrived for a birthday party for a group of 17, they gave us a table for 10. We all flew in for this event! They told us we changed the reservation time so this is what we have. Since when does changing the time change the headcount?!? After an hour of them looking for chairs, a few of us went to the bar to fix the seat issue. Took another hour to get a salad! I expressed that highly allergic to avocados. Guess what salad arrived with avocados. Now I'm waiting on my waitress to come back to check on me. Nevertheless I've been here two hours and have only had bread.Had reservations across the street at Marcello's.  However, we were dressed up because Yelp said it was Dressy! Everyone was dressed in shorts and we.....weren't! 
Went across the street to Desi Vega's. The service from Raymond was impeccable and the food was spectacularI give this place the lowest rating possible. We booked a reservation a day in advance to celebrate my aunts 50th birthday. When we arrived they couldn't accommodate our party size. They stated that the place was full and that they didn't have any chair in the entire place that they could put up to the table. We waited 2 hours after our reservation time before we even got menus. The servers acted like they didn't care that we were sitting and waiting to even get water. I felt so bad that my aunts big day was ruined. I would never come back here!!!!now this is real deal quality stuff for sure. i had possibly the best meal/night of my life here. everything was perfect. the service. the food. my company. everything! i would not have changed a thing. i wish every meal was as good & memorable as the one i had here!It was not bad but still pricey. There are definitely better places for the same type of food with better atmospheres. We sat in the bar area at a hightop because the main dining room was full but both the dining room and bar area look more like a nightclub theme than I nice restaurant- at least at night. We ordered a really expensive bottle of wine off the bat and won our server's undivided attention immediately- so the service was fantastic! We even were given the server's card in case we came back. The soup and salad were good, the steak and veggies needed updating. I felt like we were in an older steak house where new world fresh flavor was not on the menu. With all the wonderful food in NOLA, there was no need to go back.This place was.....warm & welcoming. The food was more than I expected it to be. I was here for a wedding rehearsal dinner. We had a personalized menu with 2-3 selections per course. I loved the way they set everything up, from the way they bring out the food to the way they keep up with your wants. They deliver everything to everyone at the same time and they do not sit your food on the table until everyone's food is out. Back to the food, the main course was seasoned well but the sides could've had a little more kick to it. No disappointments though. My favorite drink so far was the Jefferson Manhattan. It had the right kick to it. I would've given a half star for my 5th star because of the lady at the front desk that was kind of rude but the wait staff and food made up for that. It's a must visit while in the city. My favorite waiter was Vicki! Ask for her when being seated. Stop by for a visit!Great place for a weekday happy hour. I was there on a Wednesday at 5pm, and there were plenty of seats at the bar & throughout the lounge area. Grey Goose cocktails on special for $5 till 7pm. Martini style is only a buck extra. Bartender was so friendly and made sure guests drink & food orders were filled quickly. I had 2 appetizers. Both the Steak Quesadillas ($8) and the Steak & Lobster Oscar ($15) were excellent. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in NOLA.Perhaps our bartender was having an off night. Compared to the other reviews we read, our experience left much to be desired. In their defense, the food was very good. The service, however, was some of the worst I've seen in this city. The bartender was curt, inattentive, and smacked a stick of gum THE ENTIRE TIME we dined. We were placed near the service well where she huffed at every ticket that printed. Once she found out we came with a living social deal, all formalities flew out the window and we were snuffed out like we didn't belong there. We tipped appropriately considering the discount of our deal and were left with a rude slam of our check on the bar. I would not recommend this place to people who are traveling or come equipped with any sort of discounted deal because obviously people like us aren't welcome.Desi steakhouse is always a safe bet for steaks; however, its got some other great dishes like a meatball poboy. Its incredible.Winner winner, great steak dinner. This place is great. For me its one of the top three steakhouse in the city. 
The apps were great....I'd go with the bbq shrimp, who dat shrimp, calamari was awesome, great crab cake and the pork belly....DELICIOUS. 
I had the filet and it was great, but the sides were awesome also. The andouille sausage and crawfish mac and cheese is SO great.
Great service, very professional, great wine list. 
All in all, one of the best restaurants we have been to. We will go back again and again.A very solid restaurant. I loved the atmosphere - came here when it was Mike's. This place never feels stuffy or small. 
We started with the crab bisque (a special I think), the fried oyster special, the wedge salad, and the shrimp wrapped with bacon. The portions were HUGE. The wedge is GIANT. It was all very, very good. 
Someone had the red fish of the day, which was so so good. The steaks were obviously delicious and perfectly cooked. The two lobster tails were FABULOUS - I'll be getting this next time! 
We got a side of the macaroni-andouille-thing, which was good. The creamed spinach was okay, but not bad. And the Crystal onion rings were amazing! So good.
All in all a good meal.Steak was good.  Potato's were also good. I would go back again.  The white chocolate chip bread pudding desert was excellent.My wife and I went there to celebrate my birthday...the wait servers were outstanding-Jason and Victoria were at our every call...OUTSTANDING service and the rib eye and au gratin potatoes were spectacular!
We live in downtown Chicago and the rib eye at Desi Vega was the best we've had in some time!
The warehouse district is an area of New Orleans that must be publicized...if you go to New Orleans...bypass Bourbon Street and walk 15 minutes toward Lafayette Park and dine at Desi Vega!
Dennis and Pat...We spent our fifth anniversary at Desi Vega's, and it did not disappoint. The wait staff was attentive, and worked well together. Our waiter was very good about explaining the nuances of the menu, which was very nice. We started with a bottle of Gott cabernet, and were each served an amuse bouche of a meatball as well as some garlic bread--very tasty. We split the special salad (not on the menu) of hearts of palm, lump crabmeat, olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese with a balsamic dressing--between the two salads, I would say there was a good pound of lump crabmeat--spectacular, and the salads were split in the kitchen before they were served. Wonderful, wonderful. I ordered the surf and turf (6 oz filet with a 6 ounce lobster tail) and my husband ordered a filet. Both steaks were cooked to perfection. In my opinion, the lobster could have been cooked a little more, but this was remedied when I cut it up and placed it in the warmed butter over the stern. Mushrooms were excellent, and not your normal variety of button mushrooms. Creamed spinach was perfectly prepared. Dessert was complimentary because it was our anniversary, and we enjoyed the creme brulet with fresh berries. We were both thoroughly happy with our meal. Desi Vega's is one of the top steak restaurants in the city. We will be back, and we will recommend this restaurant to all of our friends looking for the perfect special occasion restaurant.Amazing! Steak was super tender. We got multiple sides and they were all delicious. Really enjoyed!Here is the sad part.  This was probably the best food I had during my entire vacation.  What made is bad is a RAT running across the floor after I finished dinner.  If you are one of the people who know and are okay that restaurants have rats I would highly recommend this place.Why not a 5th star? The meats were delicious perfect, the green tomatoes for the appetizer and the shrimp remoulade were gorgeous BUT my drink was very mediocre, cheap cherries and mediocre preparation with good bourbon doesn't make but a mediocre old fashion and the bread was just very regular. New Orleans has so many excellent bakeries, there is no excuse for not getting a good bread. I will try it again, maybe they will get the details ironed by then. i am hopeful!Service was great and so was the location. The steaks are encrusted with a large amount of peppercorn. I had trouble tasting my filet under all of that seasoning! If I return I'll be sure to ask that the pepper be omitted.The service was on point from the time we arrived until we left. Sean was outstanding.  The food was delicious! Creamy lobster Mac n Cheese, perfectly cooked steak, bacon wrapped shrimp and a brownie ala mode.   Wonderfully experience all the way around.Fabulous business dinner . The restaurant has large windows with views of Lafayette Square and Gallier Hall. We ordered the Who Dat Shrimp as an appetizer and would have been satisfied with just that. It's a stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon wth a drizzle of a remoulade sitting on a Thai chili sauce. I ordered the special salad with crabmeat and papaya which was lightly dressed and refreshing. Everyone at the table ordered steaks which is their specialty. They are served on hot plates over sizzling butter. I got the petite filet and ordered the Oscar topping of crabmeat and asparagus with bearnaise. The asparagus spears were on the side of the plate and the sauce was in a small gravy dish on the side. The steak was perfect and covered with crab. The only negative I can say is that some of the crab fell off into the sizzling butter and actually got a little too crispy. The peanut butter pie is the star dessert but the key lime was also good. Overall, it was a great dining experience. Oh, they also sent out a complimentary meatball in sauce before the steaks arrived which was delish.One of our favorite New Orleans steak houses.  One of our frequents.  Try the meatballs that are not on the menu.  They are wonderful.Wow!  I work in sales and we entertain clients often all over the US. I've been to some of the best restaurants and Desi was in the top five. The service is very personalized, professional waiters who know their business. 
We all had steaks that were cooked to perfection with great bottles of wine. Appetizers a d side dishes did not disappoint. 
Dessert... Don't miss the peanut butter pie...So glad to have spent our anniversary here! The entire experience was beyond my expectations! Dinner was amazing; fish of the day, Freddie mac, crawfish stuffed potato, New York strip and oreo cheesecake.I was sadly on a diet, and trying to be good as gold.  The salad was superb, apps were superb, and my bff ordered a NY strip.  She carved off half of it and put it on my plate.  What was I to do???? I scarfed it down and savored every molecule as I did so.  I have been to many, many wonderful steakhouses, from Hawaii to Chicago, NYC to Miami, London to Prague, France to... you get the picture!  I have to honestly tell you, this was one of the finest tasting and tender steaks I have ever enjoyed.  After I hit my goal weight, this is where I am celebrating- all the way from Philly!!!!!This was the worst experience.. ordered a drink, never came... ordered a salad... never came... waited over 25 minutes between courses and we had two waiters!! Steak came out rare.. extremely disappointed since all I wanted all Day was an incredible steak!Great dinner. Aromas took great care of us.  The food was awesome. Highly recommended!The steaks are not  the only great thing here. It has a great fish dish and the mix grill was  fabulous !  The fried green tomatoes w/crabmeat  and the salad with crabmeat were both delicious!!
The service was very prompt and  professional, yet very friendly!  Our waiters tonight were Matt and Eddie. 
This is our second time there  and both times were great experiences!!
We will return soonI had lunch at Desi's with a fairly large group (13) of women today. (Party booked approximately 2 weeks ago) The food was pretty good and though the "gang" service was a plus (a team of waiters serving each course to everyone at the table simultaneously), the service, overall, was sub-par. First of all, not one member of the wait staff introduced themselves to us, not one. I don't know if there was a team leader or not. I have no idea who was who. Secondly, someone took our orders, not too long after, we received our appetizers- then after about 30-40 minutes, our entrees were served.  We received the checks, with the auto 20% gratuity already added... and that was it. There was absolutely NO "personality" in the service. No genuine smiles, no zeal and no warmth. The dining experience was just as I described it, Blah. We were given just enough to say we were served, the bare minimum and nothing more. Sorry to say, but it was pretty clear the staff did not give us their absolute best because their 20% tip was "in the bag."My significant other brought me here for my b-day and from the drinks to dessert the food was spectacular. I thought our waiter was a bit too forward with my date and it made her uncomfortable given the fact she was trying to pay special attention to me for my b-day. She had a lengthy exchange with him about how he thought he knew her but she was sure she didn't know him. I sat and watched patiently. Not the service I'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber but we all have our off nights. Still giving it four stars.best steak i've ever had. any time in downtown new orleans, this is a must stop.***** - they deserves 10 stars! Incredible food and superior staff, we'll definitely be coming back on our next trip to New Orleans.One word AMAZING!!! Brian was the most friendliest and attentive waiter with a smile on his face. The food was fantastic. Our group left with utmost satisfaction. 10+ starsMy husband and I went to Desi Vega's for his birthday the night before NYE. Oh my gosh!!! When you walk in the door, you are hit with the aroma of steak, pure meat deliciousness! Service was good, there were some things that could have been improved, but with all the big parties in the main area, I understood the slow drink times and kitchen misfire. With that being said, the restaurant took care of the hiccups that occurred, and went over and beyond to make it up to us. I worked in the industry for years, and it makes me upset that people can be brutal to the waiting staff over mistakes. Sometimes it was a push of a wrong button, and sometimes it's on the kitchen. We made sure to let our server know we were not upset and it happens. They took great care of us regardless 
My husband ordered the BBQ shrimp and almost licked the plate! He also ordered the bone in filet with the au poivre sauce and sweet potatoes. I ordered the surf and turf (petite flirt and lobster tail) with blue crust and asparagus. Idk what we were expecting but we were shocked at the sizes of the steaks! So much bigger than we expected!! And my lobster tail was not the itty bitty little tail you get at most places. This tail was massive, it took up over half the oval plate!! Sorry no pictures, I was too busy choking down! But the flavor of those steaks, holy shit!! Pardon my French, but I have never had a steak that flavorful that wasn't a ribeye. It was the stuff beef lovers dream of in a perfect filet. My leftovers tasted the exact same reheated two days later! For my husband they brought out a birthday red velvet brownie that I devoured! And I hate red velvet! 
Overall great drinks, AMAZING steaks and a great dinner experience!Steak was very average. Too many other steakhouses to choose from. Would not recommend. Fun atmosphere though. Service was very good also.This steak house is a must when you are in NO. It's a place to see and to be seen, one of the top restaurants in the city.. drinks are great and is well located.Richard is phenomenal! One of the best dining experiences I've had thus far. Happy Hour offers coconut shrimp and steak and lobster. The two bartenders Karen and Steve (a.k.a "Loco") were absolutely lovely and welcomed me with the finest southern hospitality. Thankyou Desi for delicious wine, service, and food. I will definitely be back!This place is phenomenal.  A wonderful atmosphere combined with great service and superb food.  The steaks were second to none and sides/salads delicious.  It's a little pricy but well worth the money.One of my favorite steakhouse in New Orleans. They are affiliated with with Mr. John steakhouse on St. Charles Ave, so their menus are similar. Both places are great.Pretty disappointing... the steak was a great cut of meat, but the service was just okay for what you're paying. And the side dishes... not good. Never have I had a creamed spinach at a steakhouse that tasted sour and totally overcooked. Not rushing back here.Yet another great steakhouse in the city!  Mr. John's is great, but surprisingly I had a better experience at Desi Vega!  But honestly, you can't go wrong with either restaurant.  I came here spontaneously one night because of one of my random steak craving attacks and I'm so glad I made the decision to come.  We ordered the Blackened Tuna Napoleon, and Who Dat Shrimp to start off.  Both were delicious, but the tuna definitely won over my heart.  I couldn't get enough of it.  We then ordered the Rib-Eye cooked medium rare.  I added the blue cheese crust to mine and sides of the Mac and Cheese, and the Crystal Hot Sauce Onion Rings I've heard so much about.  Everything was superb!!  The serving for the onion rings were extremely generous; we barely put a dent in them.  They had to have been one of the best I've tried.  The Mac and Cheese was also pretty stellar.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly, so no complaints there.  We also ordered the Red Velvet Brownie a la Mode for dessert, which was also good.  I wish it was warmed, but that's a very minor issue.  I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our dinner, and it's been a while since I was able to say that.
The service was impeccable!  Our waiters checked on us regularly to ensure we were enjoying everything, but never too much for it to become a nuisance.  We never had to ask for a refill.  They were also especially helpful with helping us pick out items on the menu.  Overall, it was a magnificent dining experience; I'll definitely be back!The food was absolutely perfect. I started with the Who Dat shrimp, and had a steak and potato for the main course. They were all perfect. The atmosphere and location are great, and the valet drivers were very nice. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the wait staff. They weren't horrible, but they really didn't seem very welcoming. I had my birthday dinner there with a small group of friends (5 total), and it took us forever to get dinner menus. After they gave us the drink menus, It's like they forgot about us altogether. We waited patiently, and when we finally asked for the dinner menus, the server gave us attitude. He seemed very friendly to the customers at the table next to ours though. Anyway... I'll visit again but request a different server.Tonight we celebrated my nephew's 16th birthday. We could not have chosen a better place for this special occasion. Food and service were second to none! Thanks so much to Chris Siegrist for making our experience so amazing. JD was an exceptional server with the same passion for food as us. The steaks were cooked to perfection and every course was absolutely delicious. Through his knowledge of wine, Bradley helped us choose the best pairings to accompany our meals. Desi Vega's has been a favorite of ours for a long time and will always be our first choice for special celebrations!Per my buddies, Desi Vega's is one of New Orleans' best steakhouses.  I am not sure about that.  
We did a guy's steak night here on a Wednesday.  Easy reservation, nice hostess and seated promptly after drinks from the bar.  I started with the turtle soup which was great.  I get turtle soup a lot, and this was a great batch.
Then I went ribeye...cooked rare.  I only order rare at restaurants because that usually gets me medium rare.  And if I actually get rare, well that works.  I just don't like my steaks overcooked.  So the cut comes out, and the plate is sizzling.  At Desi Vega's, they don't just sell the steak, they sell the sizzle.  Cut into what looked to be a nicely marbled ribeye and it was cooked medium.  This was a peripheral bite, so I gave the chef some slack. About two bites later, closer to center, and I am still at medium.  Maybe it cooked on the plate or maybe I just let Desi Vega's slide with an overcooked ribeye.  At any rate, it was less than ideal.  
But, this is actually forgivable.  I will still eat a steak that is overcooked if it seasoned really well.  This steak was not.  I like my steaks well-seasoned.  Basically, I like them salted, and then salted some more before being cooked perfectly. I'm not a fan of the buttered steak.  It was a combination of overcooking and lack of seasoning, that left my steak night unfulfilled.  
The restaurant did earn an extra star for a killer red velvet dessert.  It was some kind of red velvet cake with a side of ice cream.  This was incredible.  
The restaurant is classy with a good wait staff.  It's a fun place to grab dinner. The turtle soup and dessert earned them a few stars.  But I was let down on the main course.  Probably won't repeat Desi Vega's.Tried Desi Vega's on an early Saturday evening. My first impression was less than stellar as we had no reservation and the lady at the door didn't seem to have a desire to ensure we received a table. Now given we were a few minutes early but still she seemed a we bit prudish. Then a very nice waiter came asked if it was just the two of us and said sure we can find a table. He proceeded to seat us and then from that point the staff was very friendly. We both had a ribeye; as expected both cooked to prefection and the sides were very flavorful. Being a native TXN & growing up raising cattle, I don't take my beef lightly. This was a good meal albeit a bit pricey, but considering the location, this was expected. For those wanting a good steak in the Quarter, you should try Desi Vega'sDesi Vega's is hands down one of the top Steakhouses, The food and service was outstanding.  Alex and JD made our dining experience most enjoyable.  No doubt we will return and highly recommend to others.My family went to Desi Vegas to celebrate my daughter's college graduation.  Without a doubt, we were treated like royalty.  The food was fantastic, the drinks and desserts were out of this world.  A very special shout out to Bradley... who also provided the best after-dinner drink we'd ever tasted.  Thanks to all of the staff for a great memory.  You've upstaged our previous "Best Steakhouse - and Experience- in New Orleans ".  And the competition was not an easy one.The BEST petite filet and creme brulee my boyfriend and I had both ever eaten. We actually had to pack a good bit of our food to-go because there are so many delicious and recommended food items that we ordered too much. Because of this, we had to eat our leftover filets the next day (darn) and it was still so scrumptious! 
Many people love the Freddie Mac, but we did not and that is my one negative (which is just an opinion). The onion rings- yes! Turtle soup and French onion soup- perfection! Soft shell crab appetizer special- huge portion! 
Aside from the steak and brulee, service was my next favorite about this place. It is truly impeccable, as I observed all servers around us. Randall and Karen 100% took care of us and were extremely thorough in walking us through our first visit there. I would definitely go back again and highly recommend it for a steakhouse.The stars are in relation to the price. The food was really good, but the prices were also really high. 
I had the filet, medium rare, and it was delicious. Super tender and cooked to the right level of done-ness, if not even a smidge on the rare side. That was OK, though, the smoking hot plate continued to cook the steak. The table ordered the asparagus and au gratin potatoes to share as sides. Good, but nothing super outstanding. 
The best thing we had, IMO, was the Who Dat Shrimp appetizer. Fantastic!Awesome bar and food. The Who Dat Shrimp and steak bruschetta were addictive.  Great service and Alex our bartender was very professional and attentive. We will be returning.Omg!! This food was heavenly!!! I found myself continuing to eat even after I was full cause it was just so delicious!!! And our waiters JD and Brian were great, though I must say Brian was much more attentive to our needs where as JD only came to the table at the start and end of our meal...A special birthday calls for a special place.A great place for the night. We started with delicious seafood bisque, which was a special for tonight & Caesar  salad. Dinner entree: filet, strip and the amazing sides were spinach & sweet potato. Another side that was a special tonight was twice baked potato. Oh can't forget the terrific dessert peanut butter pie & red velvet brownie & ice cream. Rene our server was so nice & personable. Desi also was very personable & made sure everything was great. Love this placeGood but expensive.Very friendly wait staff. Managers really stiff.Pathetic valet,horrible attitude.The guy just disasppears,then gets big tips.Scraped my car.Won't valet park again.Goofy looking dude with glasses,made a good experience bad.Best filet I think I ever had  . August gratin potatoes are a must try too. Dennis was a knowledgeable waiter and wonderful. Thank you.Downtown New Orleans has a very popular non chain steak house known as Mr. John's.  So popular in fact that finding an open table during peak weekend hours can be difficult.  So the management figured out a unique means to expand: open a new restaurant at another downtown location -in this case next to the Lafayette hotel- but with the same menu under a different name.  And with that Desi Vega's was born.
With the market saturation of the higher end chain steak houses they seem to dominate and set the bar for premium steaks.  So a locally owned, independent steak house can be a more rewarding and unique experience.  That is IF their steaks are good.  So I ordered Vega's very well seasoned, medium rare, rib eye.  The good news is Desi Vega's has nothing to worry about from Morton's or Ruth Chris.  The steak was excellent!
Vega's also has a daily specials menu that offers some surf choices and my friend enjoyed their stuffed shrimp with lobster as well.  The asparagus side was also very good but could have had an option of a sauce choice.  Speaking of sides the menu  offered several additional enticing options.  Starter wise we had the crab cake appetizer and it was fantastic as well.
The service was attentive and spot on.  Two entries, two glasses of wine and a shared appetizer was very reasonable.    So for all the New Orleans downtowners craving a Mr. John's steak experience, fear not,  Desi Vega's has your table waiting for you.  Even for a guy wearing DC shoes and Mavi jeans among the sport coats and suits.    :)Approachable steakhouse with impeccable service. The "Who Dat" shrimp and all steaks here are amazing ! Just keep in mind, it's a loud place (vaulted ceilings and downtown area), so not really an intimate/ romantic date night spot. I was definitely be returning. Haven't found a steak to top it yet!Desi Vega's is one of my absolute favorite restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of dining at. While it does say dressy attire, you don't have to dine here dressed in suits or ties. Do come dressed nice but nothing over the top.  I was first introduced to Desi's on a date. So on-top of it having sentimental value to me, the amazing atmosphere, food and service have instantly made this my favorite place to eat always. The steak is incomparable. Always seasoned and cooked to perfection. The lobster and pork chops are some of my favorites as well. I love how it's located in the heart of New Orleans and you can enjoy it at any time of the day whether lunch or dinner. Desi Vega's is always one of my most recommended places while in New Orleans.A special birthday calls for a special place.A great place for the night. We started with delicious seafood bisque, a special for tonight & Caesar  salad. Dinner entree filet, strip and amazing sides spinach & sweet potato. Another side that was a special tonight was twice baked potato. Oh can't forget the terrific dessert peanut butter pie & red velvet brownie & ice cream. Rene our server was so nice & personable. Desi also was very personable & made sure everything was great.Bone in cowboy ordered medium. Overcooked and super dry. Buffalo shrimp really were not using a buffalo sauce (seafood based sauce that was disgusting). Comp garlic bread was excellent. Service was subpar (they actually took my plate without asking me even though there was a good chunk of a $50 steak sitting there and I was chewing on the previous bite. In all it was $100 meal that I regret. Don't waste your hard earned shekels here.I bought a LivinigSocial Voucher, $20 for $40. I have forgotten that Desi Vega has the same owner as Mr. John's Steakhouse. It is located right next to the Lafayette Square. 
The menu is pretty much similar to other steakhouses. My husband ordered the soft shell crab special as a starter, spinach salad, and the ribeye to share. 
Soft shell crab appetizer- surprisingly good. I am not a fan of the typical New Orleans fried seafood. This was lightly battered and perfectly fried. Not greasy at all. 
Spinach salad- spinach salad with bacon, egg, red onion, and warm vinaigrette. I didn't like it too much because there were too much dressing on the salad. 
Rib eye- I enjoyed the rib eye. It was cooked at the temperature I liked. The steak was tender and flavorful. 
Overall experience, typical steakhouse atmosphere with good food and service.Just when I thought Mr. John Steakhouse was my favorite, I found this steakhouse to be equally amazing!  Desi Vega is brother/sister restaurant to Mr. John.  I have to say, their steak quality remains phenomenon!  It was my sister birthday, so we decided to give it a try since we have heard good things about it!  We ordered a Cowboy Steak, which is a bone-in Ribeye, and the server suggested to share since it is roughly a 16oz steak.  So we did, and it was definitely a great idea.  The steak was huge!  The steak is perfectly seasoned and meat are sooo tender because of it being bone-in.  I can see that the steak must have been perfectly aged!  I absolutely LOVE it!  We also ordered two sides:  Freddie Mac and Cheese (mac and cheese with Andouille sausages and crawfish), and grilled asparagus.  The asparagus was nicely seasoned and texture was just perfect.  The mac and cheese was a little too salty to my taste, but the favor was still very good.
For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding and the Oreo Peanut Butter Ice Box.  The bread pudding was okay, but the ice box, Ooo la la... it was delicious!
So now, about the service, AMAZING!  We have two servers serving our tables.  My sister had a Groupon for $20, and they gladly took it without even a bit attitude.  The main server (Brian) also suggested us to share the steak which he could have just suggested two steaks to increase the check.  He also made sure that we had two hot plates so that we can share our steak.  He constantly checked on us to make sure we got what we needed and both of them are so personable!  Also, he asked if there was anything he could have done better till the end of the meal and asked us to come back next time!
I had such a great experience there, and they have definitely set my new standard for good steak!Huge portions!  Steak, potatoes & a dessert w/raspberries.  Think typical steakhouse & pricing similar to the Palm.  They squeezed our party in before the Paul McCartney concert.  We dropped significant cash as my partners also had alcohol.  The service was lightning fast as we had been accommodated.  
Great meal, service & hit to the bank account!Winning place. Friendly greeting at the door. Delightful service. And even check on by management during the meal. A+ to this team.  Loved the who dat shrimp. Stuffed with crab and wrapped in bacon. And the sauce subtle get a perfect blend. I have the catch. It was pan seared grouper with a lemon butter sauce. Veggies to garnish. I added the onion rings. Thin but more like what I call tobacco onions. Mixed well with all the flavors.  I was impressed. The grouper was cooked just right. And they were packed. Great team in back if house. The pretty blonde female manager served my dish. Great team player. It's all about the guest and this restaurant has got it right. Will return againI had a livingsocisl deal and went here for the porterhouse for 2. It's 36 oz of glorious meat! I couldn't finish it there was so much. We also had a glass of cabernet as well as a shared side of twice baked potatoes w Crawford sauce on top. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. We ate in the lounge area and Karen took care of us. She was a down to earth perfect waitress and was very attentive to all our newds. We also love the free garlic bread! Excellent, excellent, excellent. (My pic is posted in the photos)Been here twice spread two years apart. A little over priced. My husband's steak was good both times. The first time mine was overcooked, the second time it was swimming in butter, as were my asparagus. My caesar salad came out room temperature instead of cold and there were plenty of the undesirable brown tinged lettuce pieces in it--definitely not a $13 worthy salad. Server also tried to up-charge something he shouldn't have, but when I pointed it out he fixed it. Overall, not the worst steak place, but definitely also not worth the $150+ a couple price tag you're going to end up spending there.Wonderful dinner! Amazing food, good service and management went well above what was expected to make our dinner very special! We will definitely go back.What a great steak restaurant !  Right on St Charles Ave next to Lafreniere Square. Lots of Windows to look over the park. 
As soon as we entered we greeted with smiles and a handshake. The service was excellent and personable. 
We started with the who dat shrimp which was awesome. Then we had wedge salads with lots of bacon bits and wonderful dressing. Nick had the strip steak and I had the filet , both were seared and cooked perfectly. We finished off with the peanut butter ice box pie , it was very good. All in all , a wonderful dining experience. Can't wait to go back.Went for a date night and the filet was divine. Everything we ate was phenomenal with impeccable service to boot. Can't wait to go back!From the moment arrived we were treated like Kings and Queen - simply impeccable service.  Our server, Brian, was exceptional.  My wife and I wanted to take our three young kids to a nice family dinner on our last day of vacation and we are so glad we chose Desi Vega's Steakhouse.  We ordered The Who Dat Shrimp and calamari - delicious.  For entrees our kids split the surf and turf and without asking they split the entrees for them on warm plates (not sizzling hot like our adult plates). The GM even came by to make sure their plates were not hot.  The kids loved every bite. My wife had the filet and it was cooked to perfection. I had the ribeye chef'a special and it was amazing.  All our sides were delicious. We live in Dallas and are familiar with high end steakhouses and this one exceeded many of those.  We can't wait to return to New Orleans and one of our first stops will be Desi Vega's!Food:
Fried Green Tomatoes: Really lump and fresh crab meat on top of three sliced pieces of fried green tomatoes. The crabmeat was really delectable. The fried green tomatoes are fried in a seasoned batter that was not too heavy or too light. I really enjoyed it.
Turtle Soup: My boyfriend says its' similar to Ruth Chris's turtle soup, but has a kick. 
Rib eye: I personally like rib eye the best because it still has a little fat. Man, I really love how to comes out on a HOT sizzling plate. You know when you steak is coming when you smell a strong aroma of garlic and butter. Be really careful because when I started to cut into my steak, the juices would get in contact with the garlic butter and start popping. Really awkward and dangerous haha.
Key Lime Pie: Its presentation was really a delight to the eyes. Too tangy and sweet for me.
Creme Brulee: It really looked promising, and in all honesty, I think I was looking forward to this the most. But, it was a let down. The custard was almost like a thicker version of condensed milk, but pretty just as sweet. 
Service:
We had two servers cater to us. They treated us well, not much more to say about that.
Plain and simple, great food and great service. Really is the epitome of a 5 star restaurant.Lights out! I have attended parties here as well as dined and the experience is always a great one. Even if you do not want or like steak, you can be plenty satisfied just eating a round of apps. Superb establishment. Outstanding food.Called on a Friday night around 5:30 to see if we could get or if we needed a reservation for 6 people for soon...the girl said if we could be done by 8:30 she could seat us but they'd need the table at 8:30.  No problem we could do that so we walked over.  Now know that we'd been in the French Quarter ALL day.  We were wearing shorts & t-shirts and had a pretty good buzz going.  When we arrived they initially were going to seat us in the dining area to the left, they thought better and took us through the lively bar into the "fun dining area" good call staff.  Our waiter was Renee' and he was hilarious  and knowledgeable about wine and the menu.  We enjoyed sharing stories of New York & family with him...he was our kinda guy.  This is what I'd call a steak place and all of our group got steak except me (not a steak person).  Everyone loved their steaks.  One couple got the porterhouse for 2, the hubs got a ribeye and the others got a ribeye & cowboy??  I got the fish special, a flounder with crab & shrimp on top...the flavor was great but I hadn't been listening that it was a whole fish with bones and I was frustrated after getting a 3rd bone in my mouth & quit eating...they took it off our bill!!  The sides and salads were unique as well.  Mac & cheese was especially tasty.  We were celebrating a birthday and they brought us a slice of cheesecake to share...it was big & rich...teehee...enough for all 6 of us!  I think I would have made myself sick if we had more.  The atmosphere was very nice as well...certainly an upscale restaurant.  We usually prefer a more casual place but this was a nice change of pace.My Husband and I have had an amazing time dining here . Our Server Jason was great every time . Management here is very professional. The food is delicious . We will be back over and over . We are elated being Guest at Desi Vega .Excellent steaks!  Convenient to downtown.  Attentive and knowledgeable service, though a bit slick.  Felt a little played.  Convivial atmosphere in an old hotel.  Excellent steaks and side dishes with creative apetizers.  Good for groups or a date night.  Good drink and wine selection. A solid value.Great food. Great service. My husband and I tried the French onion soup and corn chowder for starters. It was the best corn chowder I have ever eaten. The meal just got better from there. The steak was cooked to perfection.Lovely restaurant, great service by attentive, pleasant staff. We had a steak each, both of our steaks, mine a small fillet & my husbands ribeye were amazing, the sides were delicious too, sauted mushrooms & their famous Mac & Cheese, we very much enjoyed our meals. We had a cocktail each & a glass of wine, our bill was $200 including tips....as good as it was, we found it to be a bit overpriced, glad we experienced if but I'm pretty sure we've had amazing steaks for much less at other places. Nice experience though.Great place!  Awesome location with beautiful views of St. Charles street car.  Fun place to start your New Orleans evening!
     My group of ten ladies out for a birthday celebration started our evening with dinner here. It was fabulous!  I think we tried almost every appetizer and they were ALL wonderful. Sometimes accommodating a larger group can be trying but this place pulled it off impeccably well. The service was outstanding-fast, friendly and accurate. 
    The sides we ordered along with our steaks were also delicious, especially the Freddy Mac n cheese...best thing I had all night. I would go back just for this!  
    I loved the ambience here for the celebration dinner  but would love it just as much with my husband. All glass floor to ceiling windows right off of the street watching the city at night is fascinating and romantic. 
   I will be back soon.Excellent service and food. We had a rather large party and everyone left satisfied with no mistakes on our orders. The steaks were cooked to perfection and the red wine topped it off.I, along with three of my co-workers, indulge in the happy hour at Desi Vega's a few times a month. We sit at the bar and partake in good times and conversation. The food is excellently priced and good proportions.
We usually sit at the bar, and the past few times, the bartender - a female with curly hair - has been nothing but rude and disappointing. We each usually spend about $50, which probably isn't much to her, but I think it's a pretty good amount if there are 4-5 of us = $200!
However, her service is sub-par to say the least, and her despicable, disgusting attitude is so disappointing that I would be complimenting her calling her a decent human being. Her lack of a simple smile and a warm greeting is disturbing for a fine dining restaurant.
We work for the federal government and have traveled around the world - from Canada to Dubai, from Mexico to Zimbabwe - and she truly is the worst individual I have ever met in my adult life (not just in the service industry). Her complete lack of caring for her job and others makes me write this comment, and I STRONGLY urge no one ever patronize such a restaurant that employs this mentality.
We sat down at the bar, and she rolled her eyes and mumbled something under her breath. She poured us one drink and we sat there for three hours without a refill. She did not take our food order, did not even acknowledge our presence afterwards. 
I would rather eat hot glass shards off the bathroom floor of a Taco Bell than ever deal with this individual for the rest of my life. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.I was with a party for lunch on Wednesday and there were several calamities.  I took two bites from the house salad and had to send it away since it tasted like it was frozen and then defrosted. The cucumbers were translucent and soggy, the lettuce was soggy like it had been sitting in water or frozen and defrosted which is my guess.  My fish was well done and dry. One of our guests ordered the lunch steak medium rare and it was delivered well done. The waiter said that the plates are so hot that it continues to cook on the plate and it is difficult to get to the medium rare temperature, an unacceptable excuse.  When they brought the recooked steak back they brought a new terrine of sauce and poured it on her steak for her, which was unnecessary. It turned out to be hollandaise sauce instead of barnaise sauce as ordered. She pushed her plate away and couldn't eat anymore.  The same guest ordered coffee and was delivered a dirty cup. The waiter replaced it with another dirty cup. When she complained the waiter explained that it was stained and not dirty. But when she rubbed her thumb along the inside of the cup and a black smear appeared on her skin he apologized and brought her another cup. Desserts took 20 minutes to come out and the waiter asked us twice if they were delivered and then acted surprised when we said no. First he could see they weren't delivered, secondly why didn't he take control of the situation the first time?  We finally get to leave and a group of 4 of us are standing outside waiting for the valet attendant to show up. After 5 minutes we go inside to alert the hostess. She makes a phone call and after another 5 minutes the valet attendant comes strolling down the sidewalk and says my car is on the corner. I ask him how he knows it is my car and he responded that mine was the only car here at that time. Since I didn't see the car I asked him where it was, he proceeded to tell me it was on the corner on the side of the building so I had to have my guests walk with me to the side of the building. I told him I thought he was extremely lazy for not bringing the car around.  Now my car was heading towards the river and I was going to be forced to go out of my way several blocks to turn around and head north to the lake. He said it wasn't a big deal!  And you have to pay $5 for this service! I could have parked on the street and walked around the block myself!  I will not be returning nor will I recommend this place to anyone personally or professionally.The ambiance was so so. I liked that they seated various groups of men towards the bar and everyone else a lil bit away so they weren't disruptive. Our servers were great and very attentive. We were celebrating my sister's birthday and they made sure to wish her a happy birthday and went about everything very nicely. I love places that put my napkin in my lap for me, that's just me though.
We shared the crab cake to start. It was made with lots of crabmeat which is great. However, there was WAY too much lemon flavor which made the crab cake sour. And we prefer our crab cakes to be more packed together, this one literally fell apart like a pile of crabmeat vs a crab cake.
We both had the petite filet cooked medium. We loved that is had a crust to it. The steak was seasoned perfectly and cooked the way we requested.
The potatoes at gratin were cooked well and super duper cheesy.
I was told Freddie Mac and cheese were alright, nothing special.
The creme brle was yummy. The torched sugar was just right, not too much like some places. The candle was a nice touch.
UPDATE: I went back again last night and everything was equally great! If you valet, they charge you $5 to your bill. 
We tried the Braised Pork Belly for the appetizer. It wasn't what I was expecting but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. The pork fell apart and was very very tender. The seasoning was a little bit lacking in my opinion but if you like pork belly it's worth a try.
We had the onion rings tonight, they were a lil bit sour for our taste but very thin and crispy. An order is very large and could easily be shared among 4 people. There were 2 of us and we only ate about half of it, if that.
My SO had the ribeye and loved it. 
We also had the lobster..... OMG... It was AMAZING. I've had a fair amount of lobsters in my life, but this was the first time it was PERFECT. Literally everything you could ever want it to be. It was cooked to perfection and the seasoning was just right. Seriously, if you've wanted to try lobster and haven't, try it here. If you have had bad experiences with lobster before, try this one.Let me start by telling you it was wonderful! From the atmosphere to the drinks and food. It was great. My girlfriends and I went on a Friday night and hung out at the lounge. We had drinks and then decided to eat so the manger placed a table for us at the lounge.  Very impromptu on our part but the manager wanted to make a our dinning experience a memorable one. Loved the food. We ordered appetizers and the portions were generous. My sister and I had the steak brochette and tuna napoleon. It was delicious. I loved that the food wasn't rich like other places. I can tell you I will definitely will be back but, next time it will be date night with my hubby!Best, most charming and sincerely helpful service I've experienced. Great food and they even gave us some complimentary desert on the house. Highly recommend.Tommy and Kevin waitstaff the service was impeccable. Highly recommended. Great food and fun atmosphereWe just stop by at bar for drinks and some appetizer. I liked their cocktail; and appetizers are just good. The reason for three star- nothing on their menu represents NOLA. You can get really good steak many places in US  with one third of price they are offering. If you are in NOLA- go to canal st or near French quarter, there are hundreds of restaurants with awesome local food, vibrant atmosphere, lots of laughter, and friendly faces...Decided to find a steak house since all I've been eating was cajun/creol NOLA food.
This is your typical high end steak house where all your sides are ala carte, and the steaks are in the $45 range.
I started with the a salad, and the salad is huge.
Next I had the ribeye cooked medium rare, and it was cooked perfectly.  Wish the plate was cleaner looking.  It looked like they just threw the steak on the dish, it had stuff on the side of the plate, and it just should be presented nicer for the amount you pay for the steak.
I knocked the restaurant down a star because i was watching the waiters grab straws for drinks with their bare hands where you would put your lips, and also grabbing the drinks from the rim of the glass.Best steak that I have ever had in my life and I grew up eating at New Orleans restaurants as a young child.  Ribeye was fantastic. Staff was very professional and attentive. Owner came to our table  we tasted his mothers meatball recipe. Best onion rings. Had a wonderful dining experience.Another action-packed steak adventure! The happy hour can't be beat with great food, service, and likker treats. I'm looking forward to getting back and laying waste to some steak and shrimps.Wonderful steak, mac & cheese was amazing, great serviceRichard and his staff at Desi Vega's could not have been more accommodating. They made our 11th wedding anniversary so special. The staff was attentive and the food was on point!  These people know their steaks and how to cook them! From the meatballs to the dessert each course was better than the next. We will be returning...hopefully soon.My boyfriend and I had an amazing experience at Desi Vega's tonight with Dennis. He gave perfect recommendations, and was right there whenever we needed him. We came for dinner, and thoroughly enjoyed the filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes, asparagus, and Freddie's Mac n cheese- all of which was cooked to perfection. We had Caesar salad and French onion soup for appetizers which were equally delicious. Thank you to DV and especially Dennis for the exceptional service!I enjoyed the bone-in filet mignon cooked perfectly medium-rare. Unfortunately for the price to quantity to quality it missed the mark. The bone in filet was similar in size to the petit filet, but with a bone attached. The quality of beef was comparable to Ruth Chris, but I more enjoy (and willing to pay extra) for aged prime beef that can be found at other restaurants. The mixed drinks were prepared with very light pours (as a former bartender I know because I watched), I had the New Orleans Mule and could barely taste the alcohol. My mother had a mint julep and said it was short on alcohol as well. Come on your restaurant is in NOLA, we enjoy the flavor of alcohol we order and for the price you charge for the alcohol you put in the drink I'm sure you could have filled the shot to the top. Not a bad experience, but an honest review of our experience.This place was unbelievable.  This is what you should expect from every great steak house and what every great steak house should deliver. 
Service: As upscale as it gets.  When it seems that the waitstaff can read your mind and see a full minute into the future, that is the epitome of great service.  And this place was exactly that.  Everyone was so nice, welcoming, considerate and perfect.  Even the owner was kind and warm and nice. 
Food: Exquisite.  Fried green tomatoes, mac n cheese, bib salad, filet mignon, creme brulee.  Everything was perfect.  No complaints about anything.  This was my favorite dining experience during my time in NOLA.Wether it's lunch or dinner. I always experience gray service and a meal. I have not eaten anything that was not delicious. From the time you step foot in the door your experience is a great one. I had the opportunity to have Renee as my server on several occasions. You can tell that he loves his job because he is professional but keeps you entertained the entire meal.Awesome food - great service - beautiful ambience!I love both Mr. John's and Desi Vega's.  We went to Desi Vega's last Saturday night and had a great experience.  The service was impeccable, the food delicious (we both had filet's with blue cheese crust,  andouille mac and cheese, and Who Dat Shrimp for apps).  I like the old school feel of Mr. John's and the hip bright open feel of Desi Vega's.  Both are great restaurants!Not happy with this place. A friend purchesed a livingsocial coupon to take me here for my birthday while I was in town for work. I am only here 1 week. I called to make a reservation and found out they are closed Sunday and only open for lunch on Mondays. That was after 2 calls. Then I called to make my reservations on Sat night - 3rd time should have been a charm but alas NO!  Coupons are not allowed on Sat night. Well, Happy Birthday to me - Thanks Desi Vega's for nothingHad the bone in filet medium rare and it was perfect. Chef made up an off menu side of brussels that were great too. Of the four nights in New Orleans out for fancy work dinners this place was the best. Nice that it's not in the busy touristy part of downtown yet still a 10 min walk. They could use some better pics on yelp and on their mobile website because the restaurant and the food was much more impressive in person.So happy I stumbled across this place. It's a hidden gem! There service was OUTSTANDING! Along with our main waiter we had two other people assisting him with our every need. The manager came and checked on us. My husband and I had the twin lobster tails and they were delicious. They offered us garlic bread and meatballs prior to our meals which was a nice touch. Will definitely be back!This place is an amazing restaurant.  Underrated as are most restaurants in the lobby of hotels.  Superior professional service and extremely tasty food.  Should be a destination here in New Orleans.Exceptional service on every visit. I frequent this restaurant pretty often and I haven't had an unpleasant experience. Each time we are greeted and seated almost immediately. They often have special chef tasting that are Presented to you during dinner. I've tried almost everything on the menu and trust me you won't be disappointed by anything.The service is great-very attentive, nothing missed.  The food is excellent, for the most part. But they bring your steak out on a platter that's about 200! degrees and splattering butter and steak juice all over the place! And if you touch the plate, you'll get a third degree burn! Pretty stupid, but--hey--the food was still great!The service here is great as is the food. Steak is straight forward and delicious, sides were delicious as well. Our favorite place we ate in New Orleans!When traveling Yelp reviews serve as our neighborhood concierge, we rely on these reviews in our decision to try something or not. The service at Desi Vega's was impeccable, Steve and Chris were attentive and the wine Stewart on point.  The filet was best ever, the salads so fresh and creative it was hard to pick.(Enough to split only order one). The only disappointment was the potatoes dauphine, we were expecting a cheese potato dish, not fried potatoes.  But they were done perfectly!  On a location note this great find, coincidentally connected to the  Lafayette Hotel where we booked our room, we relied on Yelp to make the reservations prior to our arrival which guaranteed our wonderful night out.  Way to go Desi Vega Steakhouse!We celebrated my 65th birthday here tonight and it was one of the best experiences I have ever had. The food was amazing. I would put it in the top 3 steaks i have ever eaten. The service was awesome. Alex and J.D were great, they helped to make this a wonderful birthday for me...  This is our 2nd visit to the Lafayette Hotel and it has become our favorite, now we have a favorite Resturant and its right here in hotel!!!Food was ok...not great.  Suggested $255 bottle of wine and then proceeded to try to fill & fill everyone's glasses when they repeatedly said no thank you.    Ill eat at a street hot dog stand before I give these vultures another penny.    My only regret is that I didn't stiff the waiter that took advantage of the situation.First of all the service was AMAZING!!! Specifically Ivan and his assistant. To be concise the ribeye was fantastic along with the lobster and mashed potatoesHad one of the best meals in a long time. Waiter and staff were great. Food was hot and delicious.Excellent! Service, ambience and food was all top notch. We will definitely be back.Best steak, best service, best wine selection, LOVED it here so much. JD was our waiter and he was great !I am very hard to please when it comes to steak. That being said, everything we ate at Desi's was fantastic, especially the steaks. Perfectly cooked, lots of butter, peppercorn crusted...delicious. A great anniversary meal in a beautiful downtown Nola spot. Must try - the Bibb salad and tuna app!Our favorite place to dine in the city!  Addie is so wonderful and accommodating to our family.  My granddaughter's love eating at this "fancy" restaurant which is a bonus for the grown-ups.  No matter how last minute I call, Addie always does her best to find a spot for us.  The food is always perfect and the wine selection is wonderful.  The wait staff is friendly and treat us like family!  My personal favorite is the meatball treat your get with the garlic bread...if only they offered it as a meal at dinner!There service was great! The food was pretty good.. The only issue I had was with my filet topping. The crabmeat was full of shells. On the other hand, it was a very pleasant experience. We will definitely be back.The cocktails (perfect dirty martinis) and wine list, food, desserts (holy white chocolate/dark chocolate bread pudding thingy!) Porto... A...MAZING!!!! ALL of it! And even better?!?... was the top notch formal service... Desi himself was extremely attentive to our group and visited with us quite a few times.. overall such a special experience! We will definitely come here as often as we can!! Excellent!Great New Orleans resteraunt.  The view of St. Charles is wonderful.  I had the meatball poboy for lunch.  Desi is known for his meatballs, and now I know why.  Just be sure you are really hungry,  lots of food.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.We dropped in a few months ago to have a cocktail before going to Herbsaint's for dinner and were very impressed with the atmosphere of the bar. So this past weekend, took a 1 night trip back to NOLA for some unwinding. 
The dinner was better than the bar, service is wonderful and the staff was more than happy to serve us a proper portion (dieting you know). Had the steak Au Povre and Lionesses potatoes. No desert (diet chapter 2). Nice wine list, which If I had to improve one thing, it would be their by the glass menu but this is a pervasive issue everywhere.Went last night with friends. Truly great in every way. One of the best fillets I've ever had. Sampled most is dishes at our table and I was impressed.  Service was awesome with two servers that make sure that everyone's food comes out at once. I recommend the Who Dat shrimp for starters or gumbo. Drinks were great also. I recommend this restaurant to anyone.The atmosphere was wonderful and service great. The petit filet was made to perfection. My husband got the mixed plate with steak, sausage and chicken. The steak was over cooked even though we asked for it medium and the chicken was dry. They brought another plate and forgot the sausage, the steak was cooked a bit better but too much pepper, the chicken was too dry again and they forgot the sausage altogether. The meal was comped. This was for our anniversary and we were not satisfied with the food. The service was great, wine was great and atmosphere was great. Too bad his meal was not to the standards of this type of restaurant.Without question, one of the best meals I have ever had in NOLA!  Food, Service and Ambiance is Perfect!Some out-of-town vendors of mine asked me to recommend a place for them to take us to eat, so I chose Desi Vega's Steakhouse.  Two weeks prior, these same vendors treated me to an over-the-top steakhouse in Chicago, and I was worried the Chicago experience set the bar was extremely high for them to compare to Desi's.
This was a mid-week dinner, so the reservation was easy.  The staff, the manager, the waiter, the busboy, and even Desi himself were all very accommodating.   My guests were absolutely blown away by the array of appetizers we ordered - especially the Who Dat Shrimp (this is a must order!).  The steaks came out sizzling, and the sides came out hot off the grill.  And the abundance of dessert plates that were passed around was definitely satisfying.
My vendors told me I hit a homerun with Desi's, and they will definitely make repeat visits when they come back in town.Celebrated at Desi Vega's last night. The mister and I started with cocktails at the bar. He had a sazerac and I had the bartender's special, "Deep Soul." Amazing cocktails! 
I couldn't decide between sharing a salad or two appetizers. I went with the hot apps because let's face it a salad is a salad. 
Appetizers were perfect. Well, except for the fact that they ran out of the braised pork belly app. Can't blame them. If you make good food, it'll go quickly. We had the seafood risotto with bacon wrapped scallop and deboned quail over oyster dressing. Can't say much except for order them!
I had the blue cheese crusted ribeye cooked rare. Mister had a NY strip cooked med-rare. My steak was perfect ! I couldn't have wanted more because it was more than enough. His steak, he liked mines better. Not because anything was wrong, he just preferred my cut. We split both steaks and had more than enough for breakfast (steak and eggs)!
Oh, onion rings and Mac and cheese were on point too! Best damn onion rings I've had. 
All was shared with a fine bottle of wine. Bill wasn't more than expected. We had a great time over a great meal
Definitely recommend!
I took away one star for a little mishap. We were brought another table's appetizers. Nothing major but still an incident.Found this restaurant online last minute and decided to give it a try.  We found it to be outstanding - probably one of the best dining experiences we had in NO.  We were seated immediately, gave some complicated drink orders which they filled perfectly and ordered our dinner.  Several of us shared either a salad or an entree and they served them up already separated, perfectly like a full plate.  They got everything exactly right and the flavors were amazing.  I highly recommend this restaurant.This place is truly special. With a winning combination of a classy but not uptight atmosphere, a dazzling wait staff, delightful cocktails and mouthwatering steaks, Desi Vega's is a WINNER. We've been there on two separate occasions, and I'll continue returning. The Saint is the cocktail I tried on my first visit and I would suggest this to anyone who enjoys a super sweet beverage. Very floral. Make sure to try the Who Dat Shrimp as an appetizer. They vanished within seconds! I love turtle soup and HAVE to try it if I see it on a menu and the one here didn't disappoint. As for the actual steak portion of my meal, I went with the petite filet. Perfectly cooked.  Couldn't ask for better. My boyfriend went with the cowboy cut and was equally (if not more) satisfied. As for sides, we went with Freddie Mac n Cheese. Great, great stuff. We did encounter an issue with my boyfriend's card being charged a few times, for different amounts. It was eventually cleared up so no worries there. I adore this place so much that it doesn't change my 5 star review. Love, love this place!Went after a Saints game to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Great atmosphere and charming what staff. Rene took great care of us. The Tuna  Tar Tar app was delicious. I had the petit filet with the crab meat sauce, which was fantastic and my BF's fish special was equally amazing.Desi is a great host and Victoria attended to our every need and guided us towards the ultimate dinner selections based upon our personal tastes! Awesome experience!I have no complaints. Went for my birthday and it was fantastic. Yes it's pricey but IMO worth it and I'm looking for my next chance to dine there.  They do offer valet parking for $5 for those wondering about parking.This is a must visit if you are in New Orleans.The Who Dat Shrimp and Filet Mignon were amazing. The service was outstanding.Hands down best service and steak I have had in the city. Went for the first time about a month ago and we couldn't stop talking about how amazing it was so we just went again a few days ago and it was even better than the first time! From the wine to the soup to the entrees and sides... unreal! The Freddie Mac n Cheese is OUT OF THIS WORLD and the filet just melts in your mouth! Prices are as expected, but SO worth it. We had Dennis as our server both times and we will definitely ask for him every time we go! If you haven't checked it out yet, go now. I promise you won't regret it!!This place is modern hipster version of Mr John's steakhouse. Excellent service and great food. The valet service is somewhat wanting.  The place doesn't resemble a steakhouse and on a week night is slow. The famous bacon wrapped shrimp had a little heat which was good. The meatballs on the chief was excellent. It was so good we ordered spaghetti with meatballs for the kids. My wife had the gulf fish of the day which she liked very much. I ordered the cowboy bone-in ribeye. The steak was good but sure looked pretty small...maybe I'm just used to eating double porterhouse 48oz! Overall, great dining experience, excellent food with great service. Don't let the exterior or old hotel fool ya!Let me start by saying that I have loved Desi's for years and recommended it to many friends. Had a less than stellar experience last night. Is it because I used a Groupon? Perhaps, but evidently they offered Groupons because business was down....
So here's what happened. Everything was going ok - servers Steve and Diego were doing fine. Split a wonderful app with hubby and then enjoyed my filet with mushrooms, his ribeye with creamed spinach.  And then Diego brought the bill.   No offer of dessert or coffee or...just, here you go - deducted your Groupon...have a nice night.  
Disappointed. Annoyed. It was bizarre - and then we were given an itemized bill that didn't match the total on the charge slip. Not a good night at Desi's. Bad service can ruin good food.  
Worth driving to Young's.Grabbed dinner here on our 1st monthly steak night and I was all around impressed. One of the better meals I've had in a bit. The long and short of it:
1. Meat. Everyone said their steak was juicy, tender and cooked to perfection. I got the NY strip medium rare and my friend got the Cowboy Steak medium rare. Both came out actually medium rare (I hate when some places consider slightly pink in the center medium rare). It's definitely the best cut of meat I'd had in awhile. 
2. Apps and Sides. The seafood bisque that was a special for the night was amazing. The oysters Rockefeller were decent, but could have used a bit more flavor. They don't have a huge selection of sides, but are willing to accommodate. I like my steak with some sauted onions or mushrooms which wasn't on the menu, but they whipped some up for me anyway. Bonus points to the chef.
3. Atmosphere. Calm, relaxed and classy. It was upscale enough that I wouldn't go in on jeans, but not so classy that I felt like I couldn't unwind with a few drinks and joke around with the staff.
4. Bar. The bartender was very knowledgeable and they had a decent liquor stock. Their wine list wasn't very extensive but what was on there was tasty.
5. Price. It's expensive, but what nice steakhouse isn't? Be prepared to drop $45 on a steak, $50 on a bottle of wine and realize at the meals end that it was totally worth it.
I'll be coming back to Desi Vega again when my wallet can handle it. Glad to have a great steakhouse close to me when I get tired of the NOLA Cajun affair!
Overall Grade: A-This is the best steakhouse in town next to Mr. John's. A must stop when you're in New Orleans. Not only does the steak melt in your mouth but the appetizers and desserts are amazing too. Desi Vega is a master when it comes to running a classy restaurant. Great staff as well.Desi Vega's staff know how to treat their customers while serving up amazing steaks. Chris, Thomas, and Kevin made us feel like family. I love this place for a special night out!First time here Friday night and was so impressed. The Who dat shrimp and the filet were amazing. Service was great. They don't have a "kids menu" but they offer a couple of kids meal for $19- my 8 year got a small filet with mashed potatoes that she loved and was a nice sized portion. She usually has to share what I eat when we go to places with no kids menu so she was happy to order her own plate. We got a bottle of wine, appetizer, 2 filets, 2 sides, kids meal, and dessert for a fair price considering it's a nice steakhouse. Definitely will be backOne of the best food experiences I've ever had (not just in New Orleans, but life). Made a reservation via open table, we arrived 15 minutes early and was prepared to sit at the bar but they accommodated us with our table anyway. The entire staff from the hostess to our 3 servers always approached our table using our name and was very attentive. Don't let the prices scare you, the food is worth it. It's not just 'a steakhouse' it's an experience. Great ambiance, and the food is even better. We ordered the fried green tomatoes with lump crabmeat because of all the reviews and it did not disappoint. We shared the porterhouse for 2 that was roughly 20 oz of meat and honestly 3 could have shared. We also got the garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. The potatoes easily were in competition to steal the show from the steak. We were balls enough to order dessert after that and the black and white bread pudding al la mode was divine. So I would definitely go back, definitely recommend and we even had a Groupon (so check for them) which I would have paid fully for the experience we had either way.Great place to to have dinner.  The entree was above average.  The red velvet brownie was one of the best deserts I have had.(and I don't usually like brownies)Delicious dining experience! Excellent service and wonderful cuisine! We enjoyed the Ribeye with wild mushrooms, lamb chops with mashed potatoes, Who Dat shrimp, lobster bisque, and red velvet brownie! Yep, I'm pregnant and enjoyed every bite!Absolutely wonderful! From the time we walked in to the time we left we were all taken care of.  Excellent service and even better food! Definitely recommend the who dat shrimp appetizer! The mac and cheese is also delicious. Reservations recommendedHands down the best meal I have ever had! The lump crab caprese salad was amazing! Lobster was sooooo good as well!!!Appetizers phenomenal. The only mediocre dish was the lobster bisque. Lamp chops good but heavy on the mint. Desserts great. Favorite was peanut butter pie"High-end steaks". I asked for rare steak. I was served a medium steak. My spouse got rare steak instead of medium. We ordered two different types of steaks.  The waiter didn't bother to ask if our steak were done correctly. Waiter disappeared for a long time.   The plate was grease level hot!   Some of the hot grease  spattered on to my shirt and arm as the server placed it on our table. Not happy.  We ate and left. Very disappointed.Beautiful decor, great food, and very friendly staff. A must visit when in New Orleans!I came to this restaurant back in April and it was amazing. Everything I ordered tasted absolutely wonderful. The pork belly was perfectly flavored. The only thing I didn't care for was that the steak came out on a sizzling platter which continued to cook my steak, but that's because I love my steak super rare. Mr Vega even took the time to visited every table.
If you are in the area, I would definitely take the time to visit.I have not a single complaint about this restaurant. The prices are no surprise but the food and service are worth it in my opinion. I had the ribeye last time, which was superb. I also had the Freddie's Mac & cheese, which was also delicious. It's in a nice area of town, very close to cute little bars and such. The staff were very polite and attentive. I will be returning to try to lamb chops next.Did it again last night. Great steak, perfect appetizers and a delicious dessert. 
The special for the appetizers was a oyster dish over 5 types of cheese....yeah, 5 types of cheese...awesome
Crystal hot sauce onion rings and the mac and cheese are probably our favorite side dishes.
The steak....perfect.
 We had the red velvet brownie a la mode and it was so good. 
It was a fun night and worth it.It was not a mis-steak!
Got the ribeye which came out still sizzling on the plate. It was cooked to temperature, with oil, salt, pepper and some herbs de Provence. 
Generous portion (14 ounces). High quality cut of meat with zero tendons and about 3 bites of fat. 
Mac and cheese good too. 
All the staff inside we're great. Guy at the door, and girl at the door we're snippy and need some people skills. Got seated at the bar even with an open table reservation but I was too tires to argue about it.Desi Vega's Steakhouse is my all time favorite! Anytime I am off we have to go there. Their bone in ribeye is amazing! The cowboy steak is absolutely amazing as well.Everybody who said good things knew what they were talking about
The ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. The flavor of the steak was awesome.  You could cut it with a butter knife, that's how tender it was. I loved the turtle soup and warm spinach salad.  
This was an excellent way to celebrate my birthday.   Valet parking is only $5 so don't drive around looking for lots.I went to this steakhouse on Saturday, April 29, 2017.  I was so excited since I have tried all of the other surrounding steakhouses,  but I had yet to eat here! I made a reservation for 2 in order to celebrate my best friend's birthday. As we arrived we were seated on time.  The waiter came to our table and greeted us, and he asked us did we care for a drink. We ordered the "Forget About It Cocktail".  It was delicious and then we were ready to order.  I asked to see the wine list, and I placed an order for a bottle only to be reminded that I was choosing from the bottle listing.  We ordered the appetizer "Who Dat Shrimp", and the crab cake, they were to die for delicious!  We then each ordered a ribeye steak accompanied by cream of spinach and the Freddie Mac & Cheese.  I asked for the bottle of wine to come out with our food, but the waiter brought it out much earlier. Two couples sat down next to our table, and then that made us non-existent to our waiter Bryan. I started to pour my own wine and the manager rushed over and apologized and poured it for me. I told him it was no biggie! I understood that they were busy!  The back up waiter Irwin brought us our food and checked on us twice which made us order desserts. I had an Oreo style cheese cake & my friend had the red velvet cheesecake. Both were fantastic! This place had the worst service in the aspect of not being personable, attentive, or inviting!  Maybe my money wasn't as green as everyone else's was? If you get my drift! I did not feel as welcome there as I do at surrounding steakhouses!  My total was $237.00, and I don't care because I dine out all of the time!  My expectations were not met as like when I go to Ruth Chris or Chop House! They need better management!  For the record the food was fabulous, but the steaks lack flavor!  PS, I am a big tipper, but I tip according to service granted which was worth $25 bucks on a $237.00 tab. I am by far the least difficult customer, and my background is food & beverage management.  I am considerate, but I know when a customer/ someone is being short-chained! This has been my worst experience when dining at a steakhouse!My favorite steakhouse in all of New Orleans. My husband and I love to go for our anniversary every year. We always request Trevor to be our waiter and he always provides impeccable service. Literally everything on the menu is incredible, and and the drinks are so yummy too! I love the Filet Mignon with peppercorn sauce, potatoes Au gratin, The Who Dat Shrimp, and finally the Red Velvet Brownie.The meatballs!!! So good, apparently they are a family recipe of melt in your mouth deliciousness. Also the creamy, smooth and surprisingly not too heavy peanut butter pie is truly an extra special treat. The place is beautifully and tastefully decorated. I broke a glass (not drunk, just a klutz so sorry!!!) and Desi was standing right there and was super sweet about the whole thing. A truly great experienceOutstanding evening with great steaks and lobster. Wait Staff did a great job and made for an excellent experience. Thoroughly enjoyed the turtle soup and all of the sides. Handle a big group with ease.First let me say that I've been to numerous steakhouses and this one far has been the best! I don't think I'll ever be able to see steak the same again after dining here. Simply no way to go back to Ruth Chris or Outback. lol 
Service was amazing. The waiters take really good care of you and nothing is too much to ask for. The manager came by twice and had very nice conversation with us and made you feel very comfortable. All of the staff are very friendly, smiling and open to make your experience a great one. 
The atmosphere was a nice upscale, fine dining feel. Dim lighting, crisp white table cloths, a variety of soft music streaming in the background; which is always a good feel for a night out on the town. 
The food was AMAZING! My friend and I ordered the ribeye steak (14 oz) and petite filet (6oz) (medium) with Mac & cheese and the sweet potato souffl as our sides. The sides a big enough to be shared between too people and boy were they good. I loved the souffl but I do think they could ease up on the brown sugar topping. My ribeye steak was cook to perfection and came out sizzling hot on a 500 degree plate that allowed it to stay nice and warm throughout my meal. The seasoning on the ribeye was to die for. I love the slight crunch of the pepper and salt that was used to season it. The steak was so tender that it was no effort to cut right through it. I literally ate the entire 14oz ribeye and I've never done that in one seating but it was so good that I had to keep eating it. I'm not exaggerating here. lol 
Overall, we had an amazing dining experience at Desi Vega's and I'm bummed that I won't be able to try it again unless I visit New Orleans sometime in the future. Please, please visit if you want to experience  true fining dining.My husband and I were looking for somewhere with a good atmosphere with great food.  We found it!  I am not certain we even left a morsel of food on our plates.
The Who Dat Shrimp were amazing for starters.  From there we had the Petite Filet and he had the sampler (could not decide which cut of meat was the best).  Don't skip the andouille sausage mac and cheese.  Its rich so make sure to share!
If the food was not enough, the staff was wonderful.  We had Steven and Randall.  They made us feel like we were their guests.
Great date night !If you want great service and superior food this the place! We ate at this place and right away we felt that this place know how to take care of business. Our waiter was able to answer all questions we have and gave great recommendations. If you want the BEST STEAK In NOLA this is the place!We had a fantastic meal here last night that so exceeded my expectations. The service was excellent, all the waitstaff were personable and friendly, and the steaks and wine were outstanding. The crawfish stuffed baked potato was one of the best things I've ever tasted. The real icing on the cake was that after we left and were already in the car, one of the staff ran out to deliver to me my retainer case which I had left on the table. You guys knocked this one out of the park, I'll definitely be back and I'll tell all my friends.Class!! That is best word to describe this place. Top notch food especially the steaks. Over the top service that always exceeds your expectations. We love this place!! 
And an added bonus - Chris the manager always makes us feel so special and last night was no exception.
Do Not Miss this place - New Orleans Best Steakhouse!!
Desi does it right.My Husband and I had a beautiful time as always . The Food was soooo good . Our Steaks was cooked to perfection . That. Excellent food, SOMETHING ABOUT THE WAY IT MADE ME FEEL  !!!!! Our server Kevin was amazing . The hostess Abby is a Diamond in the Ruff .Lance was not our server tonight , but he is awesome . Chris  the, General Manager is always on top of things and actually visits the tables and check on the Guests . The Assistant General Manager Richard was great as well . Amy , the Banquet Manager is outstanding!!! We are elated Regulars and always feel welcome by Desi Vega 's Staff . Thank you for your passion .We had dinner for the four of us and we will never forget the wonderful way we were treated. The whole staff made us feel welcome and the food was excellent. The steak came out on a sizzling plate and was cooked to perfection. The ladies had the sea bass with lump crabmeat. It was an awesome dish. The roasted tomato soup with crawfish was so good we ordered a second one. This is truly a classy place with great food and service. You won't be disappointed if you eat here. When we return to New Orleans this will definitely be our steak house. 
A. FergusonI was waiting to catch up with friends and wanted to grab a quick bit and  a drink to tide me over for a bit. A popped in Desi Vegas and almost stayed there the entire night. I started with a pork belly over mashed potatoes which was perfectly cooked. I had an old fashioned, which led to another and then it was time to go. Next time this will be a destination for drinks and dinner.The best steak in New Orleans. Hands down. The happy hour menu showcased a vast array of surf n turf bites served in a boat with tender butter poached lobster that was both tender and fluffy like a pillow but more importantly it was resting on top of a bed of sauted prime cuts that appear to be the trim from their prime steaks. The ribeye was marbled perfectly. That fat melted in your mouth and left just deep earthy nutty flavors in your mouth. Crawfish Mac n cheese was that made of dreams. Rich, cheesy, spicy, creamy and laced with sausage I believe. Peanut butter pie was unlike any other pie I have ever had in my life. The very best. The service is flawless. Spot on.  Daily seafood and steak specials are sure to please the most refined pallet. Do yourself a favor and make your reservation early. During Saints season and during off season times you can find a lot of the players dining. Desi Vega's truly is the best steakhouse in the city.Fantastic meal.   Lance took great care of us.  Loved the "Who dat shrimp."
The steak was magnifique!Service 10/10
Food 10/10
Price 5/10
Environment 10/10
Experience 10/10
Service was great. Ask for Brian to be your waiter he was more than helpful. 
The experience and environment were unique and very pleasing. Desi Vega, himself, came to our table and asked us how we liked every thing. The mirrors on the stairwell otw back from the bathroom are very cool (you'll see what I mean) Being seated by the windows of St.Charles st. was also a nice experience.
The food was delicious. Out of everything I've tried I'd suggest the...
crab for appetizer 
Sweet potato souffl for a side
And the cowboy steak (bone in ribeye) or lobster for entre
The lamb chops were good, but they are cooked with a lot of herbs and seasonings which coat the chops. I could have done with less seasoning because I could actually feel the texture of the seasoning when I bite into the chops. It didn't bother me too much because I'm a big fan of lamb chops, but keep in mind when ordering.
I still need to try the bone in filet. I'll be getting that next time I go. 
The prices are high (as to be expected) but if I had to chose between Commanders Palace and Desi Vegas, I'd chose Desi Vegas.Hands down, BEST steakhouse in New Orleans. And don't leave without trying the Who Dat Shrimp .. Bacon wrapped gulf shrimp stuffed with crabmeat. You'll thank me after!Excellent, bright space with a great view of the area around the park. They have high top tables and couches too to take a load of after walking around NOLA. 
During happy hour they had $1 meatball sliders (didn't have any) as well as $5 old fashioned and a few other cocktails. Great timeOmgggg. Ate here for my birthday this year and I am so not disappointed! What I'm really disappointed in, is that I forgot to take pictures of all the delicious food. I was in a party of 10 and we literally ordered all the steak entrees available. As for appetizers, we got the fried green tomatoes , which were my favorite. So amazing! Topped with crab and an amazing sauce. We also got the crab cakes - I'd skip on this next time. It was single crab cake on a hot plate, nothing special. And the calamari was ok as well. The best ever was the cowboy ribeye! Omg the best! So good, so buttery and perfectly seasoned! Still dreaming about it today. Another really good steak was the porterhouse! Also really buttery and seasoned to perfection! As for desserts, they were a little underwhelming. We basically got all of them and enjoyed the red velvet brownie, bread pudding, and creme brle. Definitely recommend and definitely will be back!We came for early dinner at 5.45pm. The hostess greeted and seated us right away on a table close to the window, looking at the outside view. The place is really nice. High ceiling, large size windows with white table cloths. Our waitstaff is really attentive. They have some Special items that's not on the menu. We had Fried Calamari for the starters which is really good and taste different from other restaurant. For the entree we picked one of the Special, Sliced Fillet Mignon with Lobster, grilled shrimp and mashed potatoes. Also the Ribeye with Baked Potatoes. Both meat cooked to Perfection Medium Rare, so mouth watering .. At first we didn't want to have some dessert because we were so full but we couldn't resist what the waitstaff offered us lol so we got the Red velvet cake with vanilla ice cream on the top, yummy .. if you dine here, try their signature cocktails Second Line, it's really good. Parking kinda hard but if you use their vallet, it can be added to the bill for $10. Definitely will come back laterHad the bib salad, fried green tomatoes, Mac n cheese, and potatoes and was very delish!Desi Vega's is one of those restaurants that I've heard about for years and have been waiting for an excuse to try it. I finally had that excuse last weekend when my mother-in-law selected Desi's for her birthday dinner. I'm glad that she did.
First, the atmosphere and service are top class. This is not a casual or inexpensive restaurant, so expect to pay premium prices. But those prices also come with premium quality food and drinks.
I went with the tried and true filet mignon and it was delicious -- just the right amount of grill char with a pink, juicy center. I liked my side just as much. I got the onion rings, which have a kick to them. This is because they're marinated in Crystal before they're deep fried. YUM! I also got to sample a few appetizers. The one that stands out was the bacon-wrapped shrimp.
They brought a small dessert out for the birthday girl and we all got a taste. It was some kind of berry tart, I think. 
Desi Vega's is a great spot for a special occasion. You can get some traditional New Orleans fare, but with steakhouse staples also on the menu. If you're a meat-head, this place is for you. But if you're not, there's something on the menu for you too.Best steak I have had in New Orleans in years. Great atmosphere, superb service and great meal. I will be back very soon.Celebrated my birthday this weekend and everything was amazing! The food was a bit pricey but for the service and overall experience, it was so worth it! Never had bone-in filet mignon and would highly recommend it! Thanks for treating us all so important!Always great! Staff is on point and the food is consistently amazing! The best steakhouse in town!Very nice steakhouse. My wife got the filet and I got a ribeye, both were great. Service was awesome. Only regret is most of the sides were potato dishes.
I would highly recommend this place for those looking to dine in an "upscale" environment.Fantastic service and even better food. Ate there twice in 2 days on my first trip to NO and highly recommend. Who Dat shrimp appetizer great, crab salad amazing, and lamb or petite filet wonderful.I eat here often with friends and while the food is always fantastic the last trip we made was a little less perfect. Our waiter was taking away the appetizer plates before we were finished eating the appetizer. One person was done and said that they could have his plate and he picks up all the rest. And then there's the helper who could not stop interjecting his opinion into our conversation. I thought that he was going to pull up a chair and sit down with us.This place is nothing shy of AMAZING!!! Came here tonight for our anniversary and they made us feel so special! The steaks melted in your mouth & the garlic mashed potatoes were the bomb! The service was awesome and for being fine dining the bill wasn't even that bad!! Will definitely return for another special occasion!FANTASTIC! We had a reservation for four on New Years Eve and from the moment they opened the door to us until the moment we left it was a true treat. Our waiter JD and Diego were wonderful young men who toon very good care of use almost effortlessly. The food was breathtaking and the desert was also really tasty. I don't know if I'll make it back here for their holiday pre fix menu but I definitely want to come back. Thank you Desi Vega!I have eaten at nearly every steakhouse in New Orleans and this is arguably my favorite. Excellent quality cuts with an even better flavor. On top of that, the side options are great. I recommend the twice-baked crawfish potato. Lastly, the meal is topped off by excellent and friendly service, which makes the meal an even better experience. Can't wait to get back here.I absolutely love Desi Vegas! The steaks are perfect! They also have a great happy hour...the steak quesadillas are to die for! This place has become my favorite steakhouseThe service here was so amazing. The food was delicious! We are so thankful we were able to stumble in and find a spot in the bar where we could order from the full menu.Great Steak house and extremely underrated. This place ranked top for me from meal to service.
We started with two specialty cocktails and the calamari. The olive salad added a great mix to the calamari. Could have used a little more sauce.
Next we had the seasonal creole tomato salad that was topped with this delicious home made dressing.
We ordered the Porter House for Two medium rare. The only thing I would do differently is order it rare due to the plate being extremely hot and cooks the steak more. The seasoning was off the chart! Seasoned to perfection!
Our sides were The macaroni and cheese with crawfish/andouile and the asparagus. Def get the mac and cheese. 
We ended with the peanut butter pie which is sure to fix any peanut butter lover's craving!
I want to make a side note about the service. It was EXCELLENT. Best service in town!My Co-workers and I have found Desi Vegas Happy hour to be our must go to on Fridays after work.  The exceptional service and awesome happy hour menu makes our visit all that worth our return visits.  
Thank you Desi Vegas waite staff and bartenders for making our afterwork experience superior!What an unbelievably great experience! The food.  The atmosphere. The service. Wait time. Valet. Everything was excellent! 
I called a few hours ahead of time to make an 8pm reservation since it showed booked on OpenTable. Well, I was able to complete the reservation quickly and I was asked whether or not it was our first time dining with them and if we were celebrating a birthday or special occasion. 
We arrived right on time and were seated to our table at 8pm sharp. Dennis was our server.  He was professional, friendly, kind, and knowledgeable of the menu. He was so helpful and personable. His service combined with the runners made our first visit to Desi Vegas a great one! 
Two of us ordered Surf & Turfs and one ordered a petite filet with the asparagus and crabmeat topping. Our sides were loaded baked potato (no sour cream), Lyonnaise potatoes (the best!), and crawfish macaroni. We also received complimentary, warm, fresh French bread, pre-buttered and pre-cut! The servers waisted no time refilling our French bread to ensure we were eating only hot bread. Also, we received complimentary tasting of meatballs with mozzarella and marina sauce from the chef. These were tasty. The steaks were flavorful and just the right size. The petit that comes with the Surf & Turf is actually smaller than the individual petit filet. But boy o boy the lobsters were delicious!!! The menu said 8oz lobster and we were served just that and not a decimal of an ounce less! The lobster was seasoned very well so I didn't need to eat mine with the melted butter (yes it comes with the cute melted butter set!). 
Lastly, we received a complimentary birthday dessert. Since our birthday girl was allergic to chocolate, we were kindly treated to two complimentary desserts, a red velvet brownie and a souffl (I will come back and edit this once I get the exact name because I don't remember!) 
The manager checked in on us after we received our food and they still offered us even more bread. 
One manager also escorted me all the way to the bathroom which is located outside the restaurant, in between the restaurant and the connecting hotel lobby on the second floor. 
Also,  I noticed a large party of about 20 who were brought their food out by about 10 servers all at once in addition to management. This was the first time I witnessed that type of food delivery to a big group and I must give Desi its kuddos for the top-notch service on so many levels! This is certainly a restaurant that aims to give its customers an incomparable experience! 
I must admit that the absolute only negative I can say about our dinner was that the hostess was not very warm or welcoming. Given the quality of the food, overall environment, and the service from everyone else we encountered, I won't let her make me knock a star off of this review, but if the management reads this, they may want to talk to her about perking up a little bit more and being more welcoming and personable with customers. Future guests, skip past this and expect nothing but the best service from your table (especially if Dennis is your server)! 
Also, valet parking picks up on St. Charles right in front of the restaurant. You don't have to bring cash except to tip because the server will take your valet card and add the $5 charge to your bill. 
Anywho, Desi Vegas lives up to its reputation! I highly recommend this restaurant yal! I'm a pretty selective (cute for "picky") eater and I'm very tedious about service and environment where ever I go, especially if I'm going to spend a lot of money and actually eat off the silverware :-) This is an excellent pick for a special date night or for a nice business dinner. 
 -------------------------------------------------
One last thing, from a past-life server, I support the hotel and tourism industry and want to remind everyone that servers make LESS than $3 an hour without tips. Therefore, you should know that tipping is expected because it IS expected (which is why employers are allowed to pay them less than 1/2 of minimum wage) The better the service, the more you should be tipping your servers. I don't see any reason to tip less than 25% of your bill at Desi Vegas. These folks work hard just like everyone else. Customer service is not easy for everyone and they obviously spend time polishing themselves up and management obviously holds them to a high bar at Desi's. But keep this tip in mind no matter where you eat.
----------------------------------------------
Premium prices that come with premium food, quality, and service get my vote! Desi's should be on a few "New Orlean's Best" lists! Trust me, if the locals love it, it must be good!Had the porterhouse, fried calamari, crab cake, Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and ended with red velvet brownie.  Service was exceptional.  Food was great.  It was rich and I had to take a break because of the richness of the meal.Our very first time visiting NOLA and had my birthday dinner here. The staff is friendly and very professional and service is excellent! 
The rib eye was so good I hoped I ordered it too! LOL but went with a fish dish stuffed with crab which was also good.
And they gave us a complimentary dessert for my birthday :)The decor didn't change at all from when it was Mike's on the Avenue.  Order the Crystal Onion Rings... maj YUM-YUM.  The salads are HUGE so keep that in mind if you also order an entre.  They brought me a petite filet instead of a regular filet.  Also, it was over-salted.  Remember chefs, people can add salt at the table but not remove it.  The Lyonnaise potatoes were make some one for Lyon cry and not in a good way.  The Riesling was top notch.  
Prolly won't be back unless a friend really wants to go.
I'm def gonna miss Mike's on the Avenue's fish tacos.  Serious DE-LISH!!!Step 1 of battling the birthday dinner game....order a living social deal and make your server aware of your coupon immediately upon arrival. Step 2 order your wine (glass or bottle) at the bar. 
A group of maybe 20 of us got together to celebrate a friends 30th birthday on a Saturday evening. Great location at the beginning of St. Charles with valet parking. Of course the guest of honor gave us a false starting time for dinner so that everyone would technically be on time. Folks are always running late. So that meant I arrive early...lol. 
The restaurant is gorgeous. Two full bars and dining areas to accommodate larger parties such as ours. Nice view of the St. Charles street car line. 
Service was impeccable from beginning to end. Man we ordered and shared a bunch of appetizers. The Who Dat shrimp was a fav among the group...that sauce was a hit atop the crispy bacon and shrimp. Other favorites that I tried were the bbq shrimp, fried green tomatoes, crabcakes and the fried calamari (which we dipped in the Who Dat sauce). 
By the time our entrees arrived I was stuffed. That was until my Freddy Mac and Cheese arrived. Listen, it was the best thing I had of the night. Creamy, cheesy, goey  goodness, with Andouille sausage and crawfish tails. Say what?! Yes! YES! Give me more! 
I was in hog heaven lol. And then the entre arrived which I think was a good pick. It was a meat sampler of sorts. Everything was cooked perfectly....I can't even pick a favorite between the chicken, filet or Italian sausage. Nah...I take that back. Sometimes I'm a sucker for grilled veggies....and the tomato that was added to my plate was a treat. 
Needless to say...the dinner experience went over surprisingly well. They even split all of our checks! Whoop Whoop!  
Great meal and service...and not to much of a hit to the bank with the Living Social deal. Will be back for HH or down the way to Mr. Johns to try some of their specials.The food and service is exactly like Mr. John's which is to say quite excellent.  The ambiance I found much less appealing than Mr. John's.  If you can't get a reservation at Mr. John's come here but I prefer Mr. John's for the environment and its much closer to my house.  The turtle soup is always great and they had seafood gumbo as a special on my last visit that was quite nice too.  People seemed a bit more casually dressed here than at Mr. John's and there seemed to be a higher concentration of tourists (which I would have expected from the location).  Still a great place and probably the best restaurant in this section of the CBD.
Tip: I love everything on the menu here with the exception of the burger which just really disappointed me.Tonight was our first time dinning there but will definitely not be our last. Our party of two couples enjoyed it immensely.  The ribeye steak, scallops and lamb were delicious. The lamb presentation is something to see. Great onion rings and delicious deserts.  We were also  able to meet the Executive Chef, great guy.