Took a while to get actual service but once we did I was happy. The gumbo was awesome and loved the chicken & waffles. Friendly staff and right on Bourbon St for good people watching!I would give it 5 stars but I when I look at my rating dispersion I realize I might be a little generous.  While all I had here was Oysters they were spectacular.
Ask for Kentrelle at the Oyster Bar and have him make you the "firecracker."  It will blow you doors off.Let me point out that I do not eat oysters! I have been to this place a couple of times but only because I was with a group of friends.
The food here is good but certainly not the best creole food around. I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city. The crab cakes here were good too!
The service was satisfactory. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter. So I guess it was okay to say the least.
One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino's that pass out in front of this place. I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street. But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this. This place is really pricey, but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why.
In short good food, mediocre service, pricey establishment and a magnet for drunks to pass out in front of!Cool touristy place right in the heart of it all.  I loved the fact that people were throwing beads in the restaurant through the windows and that floats were passing by as we ate.  However, the service we received was atrocious.  I'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor's note certifying that she was really mute, but she wasn't sharing.  Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes.  WTF?  The good thing was,  I was not here to make friends.  I came here with one purpose in life - to slay a mighty roast beef n gravy Po Boy.  It was just what I wanted and more.  So good.  Sweet potato fries are bomb, too.  Good selection of Abita.  Hush puppies were whatever.  Kinda tasteless and underwhelming.  Bread pudding was amazing.  Overall, the food was a 4+, but the service brought my rating down.  I felt like we got one of the only people on Bourbon St. NOT having a good time.The food here is amazing and our server Geri is one of the best servers I have ever had. The char grilled oysters are a MUST. The reason I gave them 4 stars is because the manager was rude.  Initially we asked if we could move our table so we can see the parade and he responded saying "really? Just for the parade?" He had an attitude and made It seem as if our request was bothersome. Geri was great. Loved her.Great service, great oysters.
All the doors/windows open air to Bourbon St. Nice place for lunch.Catfish, poboys, raw oysters, red beans & rice. Oh my! The food at Desire was too good! My family is from Louisiana and the red beans & rice are almost as good as my grandma's which is great! I will be back to eat here. Seating wasn't bad either.I went to Desire Oyster Bar back in 2/2009 and really liked it.
I had three types of oysters here (BBQ, charbroiled with cheese, and raw).  The BBQ was good (fried with BBQ sauce and blue cheese).Try the Green Bloody Mary!  Creative twist on a classic. Got a delayed kick, but it's a good one.Ate at Desire two times, once 2 years ago and 2 weeks ago. Both experiences were picture perfect. The service is impecable and the food followed in suit. Dont let the fact that its dead smack on Bourbon Street put you off.......Desire is a Jewel....Guaranteed. 
Note: Remember that if youre trying to keep dinner on a budget at Desire, dont order any alchohol......itll run up the tab in a hurry :)Wife and I got the eggs Benedict. I am an eggs Benedict lover (I'll Admit it) whoever first decided to put together poached eggs English muffins Canadian bacon and a creamy leaning sauce called Hollandaise is a genius. This eggs Benedict didn't disappoint. The English muffins was crunchy but not over toasted the eggs were poached perfect the Canadian bacon was done solidly and the Hollandaise a homerun. We also both got grits -- I thought they were great the ride thought a shade bland. I'll go with her assessment as she is from the South and so am a transplant. It is a bit pricey $42 for two but we were staying at the Royal Sonesta so it was convenient.Highly recommended!! Excellent food, great service!! Came to the quarter looking for something authentic. We found exactly what we were looking for and more. The shrimp creole was fantastic! It went great with the local blonde ale. Our waitress, Delores, was an absolute delight. Great overall experience!Stopped in for a late lunch upon arrival. We were famished. Our server was on the case and he took great care of us. Made recommendations regarding menu items and drink suggestions--everything spot on. My oysters were fresh and tasty. The boiled shrimp were incredible--a huge portion and SO fresh. Crab cakes were big and crisp. Loved my cup of gumbo as well. Even though it was hot outside and all the windows were open, it was nice and cool inside due to the many large overhead fans. Go here.The raw oysters were good, although I noticed the shells were dirty.  I'm all for freshness but gotdamn can you wash them?  That weirded me out just a little bit.  The bbq shrimp was great, and very filling.  I don't remember what my fiance had, but he ate all of it happily.  The hurricane was too strong.  I guess this could be a positive or a negative.  Our waiter, poor guy, was in charge of way too many tables and service felt slightly slow and inattentive.  They didn't have a ton of options on the menu, but maybe this is the kind of place that just does a few things well.  It definitely beat waiting in line to get into ACME.  Overall, I'm on the fence about this one, even though I really liked my food.  I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Nola and update my review.Had a blast at the raw bar savoring their terrific bivalves and the local beers. Rodney the shucker is outgoing, informative and an amateur philosopher. Mufaletta was just okay, cold in the middle. Boiled shrimp were just right. Loved their broiled Oysters Desire dish. 
Breakfast next day: wonderful waitress Ruthie took great care of us and picked up on our impaired state from the previous night's revels. Coffee and Bloody Mary's came quickly. She even made up a little fruit bowl for us to take back to one of the slackers in our party. At her urging I went for the breakfast Jambalaya Skillet. Disappointing. Covered in a gloppy sauce, bland and only minimal sausage. Needs to come off the menu.Wonderful experience both times. It can get really busy for dinner but the wait isn't that long. Our lovely waitress gave us free gumbo because we waited a few minutes for her to take our order and man was it good. My favorite has been the crawfish étouffée. But oysters looked awesome too! Can't wait to come back and eat our bread pudding. It was so good that I am reviewing before we are done.As someone from out of town, all I could look forward to was the food. And let me tell you it was a disappointment. I read many good reviews about this establishment. If I could give them no stars I would. Could not run out of there fast enough. Their half peeled shrimp was literal mush. They had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. The shrimp peel was brown, they were probably cooked about a month ago, put in a freezer and served them to me as they thawed. Their jambalaya was further than the truth. It was pasta in tomato sauce with a minuscule piece of chicken. And the fact that I had to pay as I left was bewildering. Not even their mediocre waiters could save, what I would call, the worst dining experience of my life. The only thing that made it worthwhile was when the hostess removed the atrocity that was my dinner and asked "they nasty?"Food was a 3.5 or so, but our server Kiki pushed our rating up to 4.
Oysters on half shell were good (but so damn big!).   BBQ oysters were really tasty.   Turtle soup - solid and spicy.   BBQ shrimp - wife loved it, I thought just ok.Huge oysters when I was there.  Great service!  Had a muffuletta  (half).  It was all very tasty!Service is not their strong point.  The hostess actually walked away from me when she saw me coming over to be seated so that she could get a glass of water for an existing table.  There were only 4 tables in the entire place.... 
It took the waiter about twice as long as it should have to get to my table.  He was very personable and helpful when i ordered.... but it took way too long for him to get my food or to check on me for the rest of the night.  It wouldn't have been a problem if he had been overly busy, but like i said... there were only 4 tables.... and he wasn't the only waiter.
The food was good, but on the pricey side.  I had the crayfish bisque which was delicious, and the crayfish etouffe.  In retrospect, i should have ordered something other than crayfish.  It was good, but i kinda overdosed on crayfish.
I like the atmosphere, but the chairs are very uncomfortable. 
With the frustration of waiting, and the fact that they are a bit on the high side for price, i wouldn't go back unless no other choices were convenient.This place was pretty good. We came here on a Friday evening right before 6. Happy hour was just about to end, but we were able to get $1 oysters on HH. I ordered the jambalaya pasta and my bf ordered a pound of crawfish. It took a really long time to get our food. My food came first before the crawfish and oysters. I was halfway through my meal when the crawfish finally came out. My bf finished the crawfish and then the oysters came out last, a little weird, but at least everything was really good. 
The oysters were fresh, the crawfish was amazing. We really enjoyed how they make their crawfish here. It was seasoned just enough, but you can still taste the freshness of the crawfish and it was super sweet and juicy. We eat a lot of crawfish back in Cali, but having it here in NO, you can't beat it. I also liked my jambalaya pasta as well, it was tasty, but nothing special about it. 
Overall, we had a really good experience. The restaurant is right in the heart of Nolo. So definitely a good place to check out.Decided to come by here based on yelp reviews...it was decent, not a place that wowed me. We ordered the BBQ oysters and the charbroiled oysters - both were good but not out of the world amazing. The charbroiled oysters at ACME are better. I ordered the shrimp carbonara po boy and it was ok. Very large and I couldn't finish it. The hubby ordered a burger and he was happy. It wasn't the best but he thought it was good. The service was fine but it was a pain to get my water refilled. Overall, food was ok...not memorable, I'll forget it when I leave. I would stop by if you're starving and can't wait. If you can, go somewhere else.Tried the char grilled oysters and they were excellent.  The bartender recommended them and she was spot on with that suggestion.  The creole gumbo was good too.  It had a nice little kick of spiciness to it. The bread pudding was an excellent finish for the meal.  If you are on bourbon street this is a good choice for some place to stop and eat.I had the fresh red fish and it was amazing.  The atmosphere was great and our server was awesome.  Make sure you get a window seat.This is the only place I will order shrimp and grits in NOLA!
Great atmosphere, friendly staff reasonable prices.
Gotta try this place.Do Not Eat On Bourbon St....advice from the locals I wish we had before we stopped here.
Would have maybe been a 3 star since the food and service were alright.  Would have been a 1 star if I knew for sure this is where I got food poisoning.  I wish I knew for sure, but I either got food poisoning from here or McDonalds...so i can't be positive but we think that gator slider was not prepared correctly.  We were sick for days.  
Even so, the food was bland, nothing compared to other places we tried.  The service was slow and the place was crowded and just not as nice as other restaurants in the area.The food is good, but the service sucks!    It took them 15 minutes before anybody check on us.   Another 30 minutes before the food arrived.   Servers are rude!One star for location, another for our great waiter, Milton.  No stars for the food.
Our group of 4 decided to grab a bite here around 9pm on a recent weeknight.  Oyster po-boy was bland, over-mayo'd, and served on bread that could've come from the grocery.  Oyster/shrimp po-boy was the same.  The lonely 4 shrimp in the shrimp creole were mealy.  
Sadly, given the location, the drinks couldn't save the place, either.  Mint julep was nearly clear and the Big Easy Lemonade, a house drink, more closely approximated CountryTime with a spritz of grandma's everclear than the menu description.
As we left, we suggested that the folks waiting in line outside check out the po-boy cart behind them.
Milton, however, was warm and accommodating.  Well-played, sir.Service and food were great.  I had the catfish nuggets for an appetizer and BBQ shrimp for dinner.  The shrimp was really good with a lot of garlic an a little kick, plus it was already pealed and ready to eat.Came here for a late night dinner with friends. We shared a half dozen raw oysters and a half dozen chargrilled oysters. Ohhh myyy goodness!! Simply the best bivalves I've ever had...ever! 
While the chargrilled oysters were amazing, I preferred the raw oysters with a squeeze of lemon, a shot of Cajun hot sauce and a splash of cocktail sauce. Outstanding! The staff are awesome and engaging too!I stopped by before a parade and met with my family who were visiting from out of town. Joanna was a great server and we loved the oysters! The place was busy and we waited about 10 minutes for our table. The hostess Jaclynne was very polite and made some great menu suggestions. However, we almost left the restaurant after witnessing one of the other staff members who I can only assume was a manager or supervisor, a black woman with very short hair, verbally accost our hostess in front of guests. It set a terrible tone for the experience and made me not want to stay and eat there. However, jaclynn continued to be kind to us despite being humiliated by the manager in front of our party as well as several guests and  we ended up staying. I felt terrible for the host and how the manager spoke to her in such an abusive and unprofessional manor. I stopped in the next night and enjoyed more oysters and fantastic service by the bartender Michelle and observed no abusive management.Wonderful!!! The portobello po' boy was one of the best I've ever had. A great lunch stop.Went here and was immediately welcomed In and offered coffee. Very nice service from the servers. I ordered some benigets, about five dollars, and they were fresh and delicious. Very nice atmosphere as well, a a wonderful location too. Would recommend this place for any early morning breakfast.First place I stop for lunch in New Orleans, at least a dozen Oysters, usually the seafood gumbo or Etoufee and the shrimp and grits is just the best I've EVER HAD, my Man always has the rattlesnake style pasta its like a Cajun Alfredo with seafood - andoule and linguine.. always to die for. Service always wonderful, Very affordable. LOVE IT.. would eat there 3 meals a day if I could but I only usually make 2 meals a trip there because it drives him crazy cause i ALWAYS want to eat there!!!Oysters on the half shell are giant and delish! Also tried the chargrilled oysters and those might just change your life! This restaurant does not take reservations but they were able to accommodate a group of 10 of us in a fair amount of time on a Tuesday night. Definitely recommend giving this place a try!My first creole experience in louisiana . I ordered dozen raw oysters and my Bf ordered the creole trio. Jambalaya is different here more wet and dark red. I really liked it the sausages in the rice were yum andouille . The gumbo and red beans I didn't care for. My oysters were good they were huge and the sauces were spicy like I like it. The red sauce it comes with is mediocre taste but wasn't too spicy the green jalapeño Tabasco has a real kick to it wasabi a big dash I might add. Overall a 3.5 or almost a4 experienceEverything about this place was wonderful. The waitress was lovely and I loved the architecture. The food was amazing! I had a salad and green beans which were probably one of the greatest things I've ever had before. I definitely recommend coming here. Everyone is so nice! They even brought free dessert because they look so long on our order even though it wasn't long at all! Definitely come here!I don't eat raw oysters by my husband does and this was an experience.  Kntrell and Frankie were the best oyster shuckers that I've seen in a very long time.  I had the New Orleans style BBQ Shrimp and then went onto Fruits De Mer Platter,  My husband ate the oysters and ate the rest, peel and eat shrimp and crab Louie. We also had the alligator and it was delicious.Went to NOLA over the weekend and stayed at the Royal Sonesta. Desire Oyster Bar is one of many restaurants they have on site. We tried the place because it was super convenient and wanted something other than the continental breakfast included with our stay. Even if not staying at the hotel, it's conveniently located on Bourbon street and has an outside entrance for non-guests. Now to the important part: you must try the crab cake eggs benedict. This was sooooo good! Probably my favorite meal while visiting NOLA. We also had the chargrilled Oysters and white chocolate bread pudding. Delish! Price is okay, a little bit more expensive than some of the other spots around but totally worth it.They have some of the best oyster dishes that you can find on Bourbon St.  The boiled oysters were really great.  The other food was good, but not great which is why I only give four stars instead of five.  We had the alligator burger and jumbalaya.   Great service, very little wait for anything.we had the crab Mac and cheese-a must!!-shrimp roumalade, firecracker oysters, crawfish etufee and it was all fantastic!! we will definitely be back, like tomorrow lolGreat Authentic Creole food at a fair price on Bourbon. Tony was our waiter delivering caring  service  with the focus on enjoying vs rushing . Everything was delicious but the BBQ Shrimp is a don't miss ! Especially sopping bread in the sauce ! My family went to Deanies the night before. While it was OK we unanimously agreed Desire was better . 
Great spot I will definitely  return !Its a spacious, clean cafe on Bourbon Street so ideal spot for lunch. 5 stars because the service is friendly and attentive, the oysters are big and relatively inexpensive, and there's a variety of other menu items for those avoiding oysters. Its actually a surprisingly good spot for fish-eating pseudo vegetarians like me.Went on a Sunday night when bourbon st was dead...BBQ shrimp was the best I've had. Cajun shrimp Alfredo was very well seasoned and hit the spot! Bf got the gator burger and thought it was terrible(-1 star). Great decor.I walked down to the Royal Sonesta and went to Desire Oyster Bar.  The place was packed!  I took it a sign of being good, but wrong!  It was not.  I was very disappointed with my meal.
I ordered char-grilled oysters ($9.95) which looked good but were soooo salty they were barely edible.  The oyster were teeny and they also were gritty.  Yuck, just awful.  Then I ordered fried green tomatoes ($8), and they were deep fried...which I normally love...but...No taste but oil and the sauce they served with it tasted like vinegar.  Then crab cakes ($11.95).  They looked good, had lots of crab but were also deep fried!  Taste was not good, I only ate one.  Even, the drink I ordered, my first Ramos Gin Fizz ($8) was not good.  It tasted like a milk milkshake!  I certainly would not return here to eat.   I should have taken a cue from my server Tony when I asked him what was good to eat there.  He asked me, "You mean like a signature dish?"  I said yes.  He said, "Nothing".  Then he laughed and quickly said everything was good.  Wrong!Came here for the Char Grilled Oysters and they are absolutely amazing!!!!! 10 times better than Acme!! Blackened chicken was amazing and the chicken gumbo was to die for! Last but not least the Fried Peanut Butter and Strawberry Jelly sandwich left me speechless!!  The bartender Michelle was amazing and made the best drinks ever! Ask her for a Strawberry Hennesy! It'll change your life!!!Yum yum yum!
Delicious food, great service and a very nice place in the midst of bourbon street. 
We got the shrimp and grits -amazing!! The jambalaya and a hurricane. 
Everything tastes good and service was nice. Definitely worth visiting!Didn't try their oysters, darn. 
I had the shrimp creole and it was tasty, needed some more spice though.  The bread was hot and fresh.  Service was as expected, the table turnover rate is high.  They shuffle people in and out quickly, as most places do on this busy street.  
Gumbo was just ok, a little on the bland side.Food was excellent, but service lacked...several choices and everything tasted great.  Highly recommend the Shrimp  Carbonara PoBoy, large enough to split.  Bread was fresh and so good.Suppose you've been drinking on Bourbon Street most of the evening. Suppose 11:30 pm rolls around and you've hit that point in the night where alcohol has made you think you should eat something... anything... to satiate the growing emptiness in the pit of your stomach. Suppose you decide oysters are precisely what the doctor ordered. Hopefully you find yourself at Desire Oyster Bar.
Me and my two companions crushed two dozen oysters as fast as the gentleman who dare not speak could shuck them. He wasn't much for conversation, but he had a penchant for tossing those meaty morsels to us as if he was slopping the pigs. Slop the pigs he did, as those oysters were gone in approximately four minutes and twenty one seconds flat. 
The oysters themselves were absent of much flavor, but they were MASSIVE. In fact, they were probably the biggest oysters I've ever seen, let alone had the pleasure of slurping down into my gullet. I'm used to smaller, briny oysters of the Pacific Northwest, so maybe that's just it is down in those parts? I don't really know. I don't really care. They were like $30 and they hit the damn spot.Great food great service. My family and I had a great experience. Best oysters in NOLA!!Last time I was here I had the turtle soup (amazing!) and gator burger (not too amazing).
This review however is for the raw Oysters.  I was craving some but Acme Oysters line was too long (as usual).  I decided to give Desire a try.  The oysters here were good but not cleaned as well.  I had a lot more pieces of sand in my mouth and it detracted from the experience.  The oysters also had a different less saltier flavor.  But faster service make this place the next best place for oysters!My first taste of oysters did not disappoint. The wait wasn't too long - the staff kept the line moving by filling up the seats at the bar. When I think of "The Big Easy" I picture a place where you can relax and enjoy your meal, and this place delivered. I was craving some seafood, and the combo platter looked like it offered a taste of everything. The waitress kindly recommended it for 2, and I'm glad she did - the plate was stacked with food. My date and I were starving after a day of travel and wandering the Quarter, and that plate still defeated us. I've lived in the south for the majority of my life and I've had quite a few hush puppies, but I can safely say those were the best I've ever had. Can't offer any advice on dessert as there was no room for it. Definitely worth a return visit!Food ok but expensive , nice atmosphere 
Very clean. Great server 
Giving it three stars as too prices for a quick breakfast and food is just okWhat a fantastic place to step in and watch people. Staff is soooo friendly the Chef Cory came out talked with us. Our server Deloris was amazing. Really was impresses. This is a must stop very underrated....but so fantastic we had the dozen oyster raw, jambalaya and firecracker oysters and 2 hurricanes. Very very good. We were lucky and had a groupon so our food bill wasnt took high.My husband and I were passing through the city from a long road trip, and I have always wanted to try this place out. Well, I have no regrets! The place itself is super clean and chic. The ambience was very warming. And our waitress Laura was the best! She attended us instantly very friendly and with a smile on her face! The food, one word, AMAZING!!! The jambalaya had the perfect blend of flavor and the shrimp and grits were so creamy! I recommend going to Desire as soon as you get to the French quarter, and don't forget to ask for Laura; she will definitely make you feel at home!In town for a convention and stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night. Line was not as long as I would have thought. I was seated at the oyster shuckling table. Oysters were very good. Jambalaya was very good as well. Overall I would recommend the place.Ehh, just so-so.  Not a rave review, by any stretch.  But to be fair all I had was a salad, so there you go.  Service was mediocre.  Wouldn't go again and felt like I wasted an opportunity for a better restaurant.For our last dinner in NOLA we randomly picked a 4 star place that had crawfish étouffée. That was the only criteria. 
Ambiance was ok. It's Bourbon Street so the clientele is generally drunk. It was ok. Noise level average to above average. 
Service was slow but reasonably nice. 
BBQ shrimp - good as advertised but the best part is dipping the free bread in the sauce. 
Boiled shrimp - plain. Nothing of note. 
Raw oysters - no brine left, far too big. Tasteless. 
Roasted oysters - with parm, these were decent. I'd get them again. 
Hush puppies - good. 
Fried green tomatoes - disappointing. I've had enough of the NOLA style of cooking which seems to be "fry the damn thing up." I was told by 2 southerners with us that they are not supposed to be battered & fried. 
Sweet potato fries - good. Worth it. 
Crawfish étouffée - decent. Not the best thing in the world but I'd recommend the dish. This is what I came here for and it was decent/ok. 
Jambalaya - tasted like it was made with hot dogs. After going to Coop's it is almost inedible. 
Shrimp creole - absolute rubbish. Never get this unless you are in a dungeon and have nothing else to eat. 
Generic po boy - fairly mundane. I'm tired if these sandwiches but even at that this was not good. 
Overall you could do worse, but you certainly could do better. Not worth the trip but if you end up there by chance there is good, and bad, food on the menu. Make sure you know what to get and avoid the rubbish.Jambalaya, bbq shrimp appetizer, oysters!! All delicious!! Bread is freshly heated and super delicious. Location is central on Bourbon so you really feel the party atmosphere.We wanted some oysters while visiting the city.  Went by Acme and the line was ridiculous so we used Yelp on the iPhone to find Desire.  The Oysters Desire were excellent! We recommend Desire and will stop by there again next time we're in the neighborhood.Desire was around the corner from our hotel, and open until 11 PM, which made it very convenient.  We had a dozen oysters.  They were fat, and I drenched them in extra horseradish and cocktail sauce.  We also had a fried fish sandwich and some beers.  This place was great for what we needed that night, but I wouldn't seek it out.My wife said the crabcakes were the best ever!  I had a chicken caesar salad which was very good as well.I went on a Friday around 7pm. I was impressed by the cleanliness and friendly staff. The ambiance is great and it is decorated classy, yet has a casual feel as it sits right on Bourbon  street. I would recommend  getting a table by the large open doors if you like to people watch. I ordered the Catfish Latiffe  and was very impressed. It was flavorful and worth every penny!Fried oysters with BBQ and blue cheese was the highlight of the meal. I wish we just ordered four of them for our meal! The jambalaya was a nice way to experience it; we should have reserved the shrimp po boy for another place. And the warm bread was a welcome treat as we sat down.We went in for lunch and the food was tasty but our waitress ignored us the whole time we were there. We had to pull over other waitstaff to assist us while our waitress chatted with bar staff with her back to us for the entire hour we were there. We couldn't even get our drinks refilled. Even though we returned to many NOLA restaurants for a repeat visit this was not one of them.Gotta try the Oysters Desire, Shrimp and Grits, and Shrimp Po Boy. We eat here every time we visit NOLA. Oysters are fresh and big, too. Definitely a must if you're looking for somewhere casual and people watch on Bourbon Street.The Hurricanes were better than any other place I had visited in New Orleans. The food was absolutely exquisite and had a very tasteful sauce.Went on NYE 2013/14 and got some oysters and jambalaya. The oysters were actually some of the best I've had, and I'm not really a huge oyster fan. The jambalaya was the best I've had from anywhere. Honestly, I was really surprised. The only reason it falls short of 5 stars was my wife ordered some shrimp that was supposed to be spicy, and it was a little bland. Stick with the jambalaya, gumbo or red beans and rice. I can't speak to the poboys and such. Oh, and the service and location were great, too.The best breakfast in New Orleans hands down. Go see Ruthie. She is the sweetest lady ever. Great service, excellent food. Definitely a must!Ask for Gerri. Gerri is awesome. Desire has a great happy hour. $6 for 6 oysters and $3 draft beer, Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm.Had the Alligator Meatballs with marinara over pasta and it was delicious. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meal. I would say a great New Orleans style meal at a reasonable price. Staff was fine also.Our waiter, Tony, was awesome. Very attentive and friendly. The jambalaya was delicious. A little pricey but worth every penny.To be honest we were hoping to eat at Acme Oyster house but there was a line around the corner so my wife got on yelp and we ended up here.  
The menu was decent but we were just looking for something to hold us over until dinner.  
We ordered a 1/2 dozen of both the sizzling oysters and oysters on the half shell.  HUGE, delicious oysters.  With each bite you could taste the ocean.  They were so fresh that one of the sizzling oysters on our plate had a tiny charred muscle on it and I ate that too!  The fresh oysters were just as good.  With just a squeeze of lemon or cocktail sauce and horseradish, either way they were great!  
I had the seafood Louie salad which was different than any other Louie salad I had experienced before which leads me to believe that the one I ate today was an original.  The shrimp and crab were tasty in the Louie sauce along with romaine lettuce, cherry tomatoes, black olives, and hard boiled egg.  This wasn't the best Louie salad I'd ever had but we were mainly there for the oysters...which again, were delicious.  
My wife ordered the crab cakes and was a bit disappointed that they came out fried even though the menu didn't say they were.   That being said, they were still mostly crab meant inside and full of flavor so we left there happy.Good location, oysters both raw and charred were very good. Service was highly disappointing, my water glass was dirty and our waiter took over 20 minutes to refill a soda. Finally my husband went up to the bar to do this. The bathroom is not very clean. Good people watching if you can get a window seat on Bourbon street, but lots of young hustlers out there looking for your attention and money.After our steamboat jazz cruise, we dropped by Desire for a late lunch. We had charbroiled oysters on half shells, jambalaya and shrimp etoufee. All the foods are delicious, we even had the chocolate cake for dessert. Again we accepted the fact that cajun/creole foods are salty, but the seafood is very fresh and good eats. This spot was recommended by a local whom we met at another restaurant.Part of our Living Social deal included a voucher for Desire Oyster bar.  OH where do I begin? 
I had the shrimp and gritz for breakfast and my girlfriend had the bbq'd shrimp for breakfast.   
I know what you're thinking and trust me, it's not what you think. The food was filled with spices I'd never tasted.  If you go, start with the Oysters.  They are huge!  We live in Southern California and I've yet to see fresh Oysters this size.  Gigantic and delivered from the Gulf that very morning. Don't sleep on this place!  
Cheers!We arrived on a Monday morning at 10.50am so only just in time for breakfast that finishes at 11.  Never the less we were welcomed and seated and asked to be expedient with ordering. We ordered the crab desire which is a crab cake with a poached egg inside - very, very, nice - But it was a bit cold , could have been warmer.
Came on a bed of spinach surrounded by a chunky tomato something ( which might have been herby tinned tomatoes warmed through) 
Cafe du Monde coffee which is always nice so all in all a good meal just could have been hotter. 
Would go again and probably for dinner.Best meal I have ever had....  jambalaya I think was the best I have ever eaten.  Ate at the oyster bar and even hours the constant motion of the guys behind the counter...Delicious!!!!! Started out with a French 75-light and bubbly but the perfect amount of alcohol followed by the alligator which was very good!   Had the trio: red beans and rice, jumbalya and gumbo. Oh my word was every bite amazing!!!We found Desire four years ago and enjoyed it. We have returned every year on our visits. However this time it was disappointing. We were seated immediately on Friday night at 7:30pm. The Char-Oysters, my husband looks forward to all year, were half the size they normally are and he was extremely disappointed. He felt he paid $19 for just some butter and garlic. Also the Char-oysters arrived 10 minutes later than everyone else's meal. 
The Seafood platter $32 was small in quantity. 
The catfish was lacking in flavor. The service was fair at best. 
We will look for a new favorite in the area.Went to this place almost every day recently when I went for jazz fest. The oysters are really good and the gumbo was excellent, particulalry the first day! A must visit place!Came here for breakfast as I was staying at the Royal Sonesta.   Went with the basics.  2 eggs, potatoes, bacon and a biscuit.  Food was done well and I really like the fact that peppers and onions were cooked on it.   
I meant it come over during happy hour but never made it out of other bars.   Not a bad place for breakfast and want to try it for other meals.Visiting New Orleans for the first time... my sister had a taste for oysters and we found this place here, so we decided to try it.... turned out to be amazing. I order oysters, crab mac and cheese, and southern greens, everything was delicious!!!!I have dined at Desires twice. Excellent oysters. Warning some of the hottest cocktail sauce I have had ever had.Turtle soup is perfect and I love the Sherry on the side so that I can control the mixture. Some other restaurants in the area are very heavy on the sherry. I really enjoy this place but on my second visit I think the waitress had about all the tourist she could handle. We were there for Mardi Gras and she literally threw the bread at us when we asked for it. I felt sorry for her because it was late and you could tell it had been a very busy day. We tipped her huge. I defiantley prefer Desires over Acme. Sit at the shucking bar if you can get a seat.We weren't here our first night in town. This place is just ok. The food was just ok. Not much flavor, and I'm sure the étouffée had ketchup in it. We got oysters, and they left a lot to be desired, unfortunately. When we told locals we went here they said it was a tourist trap!I was able to walk in and get a seat at the oyster bar with no wait. This was after walking by the ridiculous line outside acme (I don't understand why that place is always so packed when there are dozens of good places near by). The oysters were great, and the horseradish really cleared my sinuses out. The crab mac and cheese was okay, but not super flavorful- adding some Crystals hot sauce took care of that though.Stopped in specifically for the oysters and was not disappointed. Bloody Mary was pretty good as well. Atmosphere is nice and service was pleasant.YUM we came here for appetizers before our ghost tour and it did not disappoint! The wait staff was friendly and the food was amazing. Definitely try the fried green tomatoes with shrimp and remoulade sauce.I ordered the jumbo shrimp remoulade and really enjoyed it. It came on top of a bed of fried green tomatoes which were my favorite part of the dish. Be mindful that the shrimp are not served hot, but are semi-warm because they come on top of the tomatoes. 
Restaurant was a bit on the cold side, which seemed like a waste because it was super hot out and they had the window and doors open.  
Server was very ice and food came out fast.We ordered a cup of gumbo, crawfish ettouffee, and chicken primavera pasta.  We actually thought their pasta tasted the best.  The other seafood was just ok...nothing special.  There's just so many good restaurants in New Orleans and a lot of them have the same menu, so it does lack some variety.  So Desire was decent, but it is not memorable.Decent but nothing special. If you're looking for a place to eat oysters and drink beer, come here for happy hour as Desire does have some good happy hour beer & oyster specials ($4 Abita drafts and $1 oysters if I'm not mistaken). There are many better tasting and cheaper options for food & drink outside of happy hour in the Quarter.This is a great place to start your culinary tour of New Orleans.  Good, open atmosphere, the oysters were properly prepared and the service is excellent.
Drinks a little pricey, but what you would expect on Bourbon Street.Desire is always busy yet I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table. The service can be a tad slow but the staff is very friendly and helpful. 
All of the food served is very good from the salads up to the entrees. The prices are very fair and the quality if quite good especially for a place located directly on Bourbon which is in NOLA tourist area. I recommend it :-)This is a cute place. I came for the Charboiled oysters and the alligator. Both were good but I had better Charboiled oysters around the corner from this place. I'd come back to try something different.Was good, but not great.  I thought the gumbo was too salty for my taste.  Oysters were good.  Their Desire hot sauce wasn't bad either.Michelle is the greatest person ever. Ask for her. Michelle make that youtube channel. Thanks for making our trip enjoyable.Just returned from our first (but not last!) trip to NOLA. We wandered into Desire Oyster Bar and while checking out the menu I got a message from a friend who just visited NOLA and she said "Go to Desire Oyster Bar for sure"! Perfect! Patty was our waitress and she was great, helped us choose our entrees and told us about happy hour which is Mon-Fri from 3-6pm and they have $1 oysters. I had the crawfish carbonara (forget what my husband had) and it was really good. Would definitely order it again. Loved their French 75 drinks (I have mine with vodka). We returned the next night and shared a fried seafood platter, again very good! Stopped by in our last night for drinks and met Reggie the bartender. Very helpful, nice guy, knows his stuff! I highly recommend Desire Oyster Bar! Can't wait to return!Located on the 3rd block of Bourbon this is a great place to eat. The eggs benedict are really good as are the shrimp and grits. Fresh oysters are just that, huge and great. Grilled oysters are some of the best i'v had. No need to go to acme and stand in line, can't beat this place. We visit nola a lot and always eat here.The food was good...the service was not.  Wouldn't come back based on this experience.
Food - shrimp and grits was recommended....my friend who had it said it was great.  Spinach salads...one with chicken and one with shrimp...did not disappoint.  I did send back my iced tea because it tasted old.
Service- sat down and immediately had bread and water....and then waited...and waited.  Server was hot and cold with her attitude.  She was not happy and pretty short with us about separating our checks.  We asked her about it when she brought the bill, and she said we should have asked her...but she never gave us a heads up about bringing the bill.   Also, at one point the manager was seating a table next to us.  Without asking or acknowledging us he whipped our empty chair away from the table and took it for the table he was seating.   One of my companions had an Injured leg and was resting her foot on the chair...she had JUST removed her foot from the chair.
Because of the service my friends were not interested in going back.The reason that this restaurant is getting 5 stars from me is the fact that I can't stop thinking about their broiled oysters- I'm not an Oyster connoisseur, (I'm an Iowa native and lifelong midwesterner- not places known for Oysters) however, we ate oysters in every form all week in NOLA and these were my favorites. Desire's broiled oysters sit atop large-grained rock salt, and melted garlic butter- YUM. My friend and I had just discovered The Chart Room and its awesomeness, and we consummed quite a few drinks there. It wasn't until about 9:45 that we realized that we were hungry and didn't quite make the kitchen closing of ACME Oyster Bar. 
Desire to the rescue! I was definitely wary of its Bourbon Street location (because really- nice restaurants are usually a little bit more out-of-the-way) but I called ahead and told them that we were staggering down the street- we started with those delicious oysters (skip the pre-packaged butter they give you for the bread and dunk your bread right into that butter/salt mix.....)  and I had the red beans and rice and she had a cold seafood salad. Those dishes were good, and the perfect meal to avoid a morning hangover. Service was very friendly, and they were kind to let us in right before closing. This place isn't terribly fancy, but it didn't need to be, either. It serves its purpose faithfully- good food, friendly service, reasonable prices. 
And I know that this is NOLA protocol, but they even let me bring my last drink from the Chart Room in with me. That's amazing. Still not used to being able to do that.
Anyway, Broiled Oysters. Get them. Right now.Stopped here for some fresh oysters and Seafood Gumbo, "THE BEST"!!!
If you're in town and want some good food this is the place.Hmmm... In the end everything was okay.. But nothing more.. So, not bad but not outstanding.. And of corse, because located in the heart of the French quarter, quite expensive for what you get in the end.Desire!!!
I had to scream a little because I was not expecting the amount of flavor and amazing ness that came out of that place..
We had a coupon from our hotel "the royal sonesta" for a free appetizer here.  The wait was about 15 mins for a table which was well worth it. Wait for the damn table!
We ordered the cooked oysters, crab cakes and the fried pickles for an appetizer.
All are awesome and tasty when I mean everything .. Everything.
I ordered the jambalaya pasta babyyyyyy the Nola has something amazing and idk how they do it but that pasta was the best pasta I have ever experienced.
I was full half way through and tried to decide if I wanted a stomach ache or not because I couldn't stop eating.
My friends ordered the shrimp and grits and the BBQ shrimp.. All raved reviews
desire was worth the wait and really a delight to eat at. Thank you Delores for your prompt service I will come again when back down in the big easy!The food at Desire is simply incredible. Specifically, this was the best gumbo that I have ever had! The fried alligator, red beans and rice, chicken and waffles, and chargrilled oysters were all out of this world as well. Both of the times that I have come to New Orleans have been highlighted by the enthralling conversation by the bartender Ms. Kitty. She truly knows the ins and outs of the city and compliments an excellent meal with her stories and insights of the world. Either lunch or dinner and drinks are a must at Desire if you are in the French Quarter!The so called crab sea food salad tasted more like a tuna salad instead. I'd stay away from that. The quality of Subway salads are better. However, I do recommend you try their baked parmesan oysters! OMFG they are so delicious we ordered a second serving! I drool at the thought of them and still have yet to find anything close to it in Chicago. Till next time NOLA. I can't wait to eat them again! A must try!! Service was accurate and friendly, seated by the open doors facing Bourbon street watch drunks pass by and even talk to you.The BBQ shrimp was almost too salty to eat but the food was helped out by the horrible service. At least the meal was only twice as expensive as it was worth. Overall it was a horrible experience never to be repeated.Came here on a quick decision one night... our afternoon nap lasted WAY too long and it was around a 9 o'clock dinner, which for some is totally normal in New Orleans.
My Caesar salad was tasty (I know.... who orders that in NOLA?  It was the end of the trip and I just needed some lettuce, lol) but the hubby's shrimp creole was not desirable.  The sauce was super tomato-ey and not enough flavor and, in my opinion, too thick.  Other Creole's I've had are spicier with a thinner sauce.  It wasn't terrible, but it was a let down.  The bread was great though.
Ambiance is super cute, totally a diner on bourbon street and you get to do some quality people watching.  Waitress was sweet and it was reasonably priced.Best food I've eaten since arriving in the Quarter. Breakfast  eggs, crabmeat, shrimp and spinach. The grits are crazy delicious. Skip the pricey dinners and stop here for breakfast. Ask for Ruthie for your waitress.In all fairness we didn't have a lot to eat here. The raw oysters seemed more fresh than Acme's but chargrilled oysters not as good (partly due to Parmesan vs Romano).  Bloody Mary's were tasty. Service was good. Convenient for staying in the hotel.outstandfing!!!  f because of what i cannot say in this post!!!  best shrimp and grits ever!!!  try the oystrs desire!!By far this is the best restaurant I have been to in regards to service and experience overall.  The prices are low and the portions are large.  I was so happy about my first visit that I came back again!
All the servers are friendly and prompt.  This place pride themselves on giving people friendly and quick service.  The only other place I had better service was at Commanders Palace.
The food was great.  I had red beans and rice the first visit and a roast beef po-boy on my second visit.  All of the food was tasty and priced right.  It was so good and priced lower than what i expected I ended up leaving a 30% tip.
When I come back to new Orleans, which I usually do at least once a year, I will make sure to stop by this place again.  It just can not be beat!This place was great.  oysters were phenomenal... and I stood up and shouted, "this is the best crab bisque ever".  Nice bar service and scrumptious bread!Waited 10 minutes to be seated.  No one seated us.  Found a seat.  Was rudely thrown out for having a. Outside drink.  Slow poor service resulted in us wasting 15 minutes of our life and then probably 100$ in food sales.
I understand, but a lot of place on bourbon do allow outside drinks.  So you either 1: need a sign.  2: make sure your customers aren't waiting 15+ minutes to be greeted and seated. 3: if you do blow it and your host is on a break,be a little flexible for wasting all my time due to your lack of posting rules and being attentive to customer.i am a New Orleans native and finally decided to try Desire's oyster happy hour. I AM A Connoisseur. i had to try these oysters y'all. but look, the hostess is the best employee with customer service skills. my girlfriend and i decide to sit at the bar, i'm from NOLA, why not. y'all, every employee is mad at someone or something in this place. i'm sitting where servers get drinks and the gossip is juicy and loud. not once have i had a how are you. got menus. everyone is in such a rush and it's not that rough. looks like families are cooling out together no one is upset but the workers. my bartender half ass-ed me. i know you have great ears as i bartend also but HI, HOW ARE YOU?! CUSTOMER SERVICE ANYONE? the tables, poor tables. no wining and dining, just rushing. they all are next to me ready to go. i will say, i'll be back for the oysters but not for my bartender who's name issssssssss?????Excellent!! We are from out of town and this was the best dinner we've ever had. The shrimp po' boy and the catfish platter with the fried green tomatoes were amazing. If you're looking for a place to eat in the French Quarter- GO HERE!!!!!!Simply the best oysters in the quarter. They are big and juicy and wonderful. Raw or broiled you can't go wrong. Try to sit at the oyster bar. Better than Acme!!Stopped in late night and had delicious char grilled oysters. Wanted to have my fiancée experience those oysters, so we went a few days later around 11:00. It was a Sunday, and the waiter who led us to our table let us know they had just changed over from breakfast to lunch. Great! Got a great table. Overheard the waiter tell a waitress we were there and she told him she was getting off her shift at 11:30. Waited 15 minutes and nobody was apparently interested in taking our table. Waitress who was nearing the end of her shift passed by us several times. The wait staff trudged around and serviced the tables already occupied. One new waitress was checking us out but never approached us. We left. Truly, people, we're not weirdos. Forget this place.Best eatery on Bourbon street.  The staff is great!  An Tyrone & Rodney on the oysters are the best!!!  The grilled oysters are amazingly wonderful, they should sell the mixture they grill them with.  There served hot of the grill.  The crab cake was good too.  Stop by for the lunch specials there the best.  I can't wait to come back here.  Desires will be my first stop next time I'm in NO.So I am here because Acme already had a long line at 430pm and Felix Oysters I've already been didn't have a good experience there. So yes, this is my backup to my backup for oysters. Little did I know it should have been number 1. Got a dozen, nothing fancy but wow were these the best I've ever had. Strange cuz all these places  probably get them from the same source but something about them were really really delicious. What more can I say. Oh and I think it was happy hour when I came 5p which meant it was only $1 per oyster. Pleasant surprise. Anyway, highly recommend it.Outstanding!  BBQ oysters gives Drago's a run for the money. The seafood pasta dish was excellent as was the shrimp dish. The service was good as well.
Great location. Try to get a seat by the window for great people watching.I really should have used my better judgement and ruled against eating at a joint on Bourbon Street.  None of the employees seemed particularly pleased to be there, and it was still early in the night.  I feel bad for the customers who had to deal with them 3-4 hours later.
The food was fine, but really wasn't anything to write home about.  No wonder the place was half-empty during Mardi Gras.  The inside is decorated classy, perhaps to justify the inflated prices, but the food certainly isn't worth it.
And I'm not sure whether would consider this a plus or a minus, but the restaurant is open to Bourbon Street, so you get to enjoy the freak show with your meal.Horrible, 
Was advised to sit at the bar to wait for a seat. Then was told to reserve a seat you must wait outside. Ridiculous and unprofessional , I would. Not advise trying, when Oceania is accommodating and just a block away.The biggest oysters I have ever seen.  The rule that big oysters don't have the best flavor do not apply to the oysters here.  Sit at the Oyster Bar and watch years of shucking experience in action.  
Must haves are the barbecued shrimp.  The sauce is not a traditional barbecue sauce.. more of a heavenly mix of spices and flavors.  The bread pudding could easily be one of the best in the city.  It's made with a lovely whiskey sauce and the pudding isn't too mushy.The hostess/manager was polite and was able to seat us fast.  The place felt a little hospital-ish.  It was very bright and all white tile.  The oysters were good, and came quickly.  The po-boys and shrimp and grits were both good.  
We went here, as all the other places on Bourbon Street had long lines.  We'd probably go there again, under similar circumstances.  Not a memorable dinner, rather a quick and easy bite out.Love the peel and eat shrimp.  This is always our first stop upon arriving in New Orleans.  I always enjoy the Pimm's cup here as well.  Service can be a bit slow which leads to the four star rating.I always find it odd when I ask a server at a somewhat nice place what a beer or wine tastes like or compares to and they don't know. I asked about one beer here, and because I knew I was going to be doing a heavy night of drinking I wanted something light, and she said "It tastes like a craft beer." Oh. Ok. Thanks for really painting a picture.
This was my first time trying crawfish, and it was very good. I liked the spices they used, and would get them again. I also ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes, but found them to be very bland. Overall, the place was just ok.It's been almost a year, but New Orleans, to my fuzzy memories, was a whirlwind of awesome food  that literally made me cry, hurricanes, horny gators and hand grenades (some of which ended up on the ground, more often than not), people dancing in the streets, lots of half-naked women in doorways, and getting kicked out of clubs. In short, very good times.
Note that the food comes first. Because despite a very low tolerance for spicy food, I loved everything I had in this city, and finished absolutely everything despite having to wipe tears off my face. 
Desire set the tone for the fantastic food trip. We ordered shrimp creole, jambalaya, red snapper and barbecue shrimp, and all of it met and exceeded our expectations. Bread pudding was great too, and gone in a flash even though we all had just stuffed ourselves. 
The service was pretty good, though we did go at lunch and there weren't too many people around. Perhaps the staff of the hotel and restaurant should be commended actually, since one of my friends was (it must be admitted) already drunk and got lost in the kitchens on his way to the bathroom, and they brought him back to us safe and sound. Now that I think about it, that should have warned us exactly what this trip was gonna be like...We got a dozen oysters and they were MASSIVE - amazing for the price considering how meaty they were. Super delish. The French 75 was refreshing and delicious and went amazing with the oysters. We also got sat right next to the wide open windows, giving us a great breeze from the muggy night and providing for great people watching entertainment on Bourbon St. 
Complaints - took FOREVER to get our drink/food orders taken. Maybe like 10/15 min. For our our entrees we ordered the Jamabalaya. Not gonna lie, a bit disappointed with the amount of shrimp it had. The flavor was great but 2 pieces of shrimp?? They weren't even big pieces. 
All and all pretty good - def come here for the oysters.Well, i'll start by saying that this is mainly a seafood restaurant and had I not be STARVING we probably would not have stopped here. BOY, am I glad we did!  In the past, it was always, Mothers. If someone asked, " hey, where's the best po boy?" I replied, " Mothers".  Not anymore.  
 The most incredibly delicious roast beef Po Boy  with gravy and debris is here. I have never in my life tasted such perfection.  My husband ate the crawfish etouffet and he loved it also. But, i am here to tell you this sandwich is the best thing in the world.  So good in fact that with thousands of fantastic restaurants in New orleans to eat we went back the next day and i had the same thing.So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our second stop was Desire Oyster Bar at the Royal Sonesta at the corner of Bourbon and Bienville. Several in our group wanted to eat freshly shucked oysters. Of course there are many oyster bar restaurants in the quarter (Acme, Felix', Corner and on and on) but this one has a prime location which I one of the reasons I think it gets a lot of play. The attendants shuck and serve right at the oyster bar. They also grille oysters on an open flame and top them with a buttery/cheese sauce. You can get them by the half or dozen and they offer you a taste before putting in your order.
We tried the crispy fried alligator with the pepper jelly which was very good. I also ordered the Jambalaya which was presented beautifully--this place gives you white cloth napkins so you don't get your jambalaya in a sloppy bowl. The tomatoes were light and fresh and the seasoning was really good without being over powering. Cost wise this is NOT a place for cheap eats--poboys run from $15 to $19, a dozen oysters are $16, and the jambalaya was $17. Platters go for $20 and up. The bill with tip for 6 people was $290 so keep that in mind if you have a big group. Overall I really enjoyed the food and service. 
Note: The Crewe of Cork paraded right in front of this place on Friday, Jan 29 so we walked out and had front row seats for the parade.Awesome drinks and the best service. The waiters are very attentive and friendly, quick with refills and smiles and always ready to help you. 
The bread they serve before the meal is delicious!
The fact that the place is attached to a hotel means their bathrooms are likely the cleanest in the french quarter, tho there was a very drunk confused man in the mens room when I was there. Lucky for me, I believe that was a isolated incident lol.
To start, 6 oysters on the half shell served with spicy cocktail sauce and lemons on a beautiful platter. You literally see the men in the corner at the bar shucking the fresh oysters so you know that they literally went from shell to your plate. 
A small side salad was fresh and had a good assortment of salad greens and veggies with a delicious sprinkling of house made croutons that were seasoned to perfection!
we got the creole trio which is a combination platter of gumbo, jambalaya, red  beans & rice with smoked sausage. The red beans and rice were perfection!
If you want a good taste of these new orleans specialties I highly recommend the trio as it enabled me to try three dishes I have never had before.My first choose was to eat at the Acme restaurant since all of the reviews. Saw that line and passed! Saw this place and thought we would try it out. This place did not disappoint. Started off with the raw oysters, the biggest oysters I've ever had!! Delicious. I had the jambalaya and my bf had the crawfish pasta? Mine was good, his was amazing!!!! Would definitely go back.Conveniently located on Bourbon Street, this venue offered a delightful safe haven from the wild Mardi Gras atmosphere. 
We ventured little in the menu, mostly for one reason: CHARBROILED OYSTERS! We couldn't have enough of them, they were absolutely delicious!
So our entire dinner experience was based on multiple dozens of charbroiled oysters and crab Mac-n-cheese. 
My advice couldn't be more predictable.OOOOH Desire. Loved it. 
My Tulanian sister recommended Desire to the BF and me and we happened to be standing outside when she texted her list of great restaurants. 
BBQ Oysters, Shrimp and Grits, martinis, crusty bread. What's not to like? 
You can also sit at the oyster bar while they shuck in front of you- which is where you'll see me next time. Martini in hand :)Must try bread pudding! Tried oyster at 3 different places. Desire is the best! Oyster on the shell!!!! I could eat that all day long...My shrimp n' grits were on point. Grits were creamy and the sauce was tasty and flavorful. 
The waitress recommended getting two homemade biscuits on the side and boy were they delicious! 
Location is perfect right next to the Royal Sonesta.Came across this spot while stumbling down Bourbon at 12pm Sunday morning with a killer hangover, desperate for a place with a/c and good food. Very clean and vintage, enticing glittery sign helped as well. I ordered the chargrilled chicken sandwich, delish. Also tried the bread pudding and a piece of the cheeseburger, everything is cooked to your liking. Excellent and friendly service overall. All doors and windows stay open (a/c stays on high though) so it's great for people watching! Very inviting setting.The Desire Oyster Bar is located inside of the Royal Sonesta. The actual restaurant is very beautiful. I loved the granite surfaces on the tables. There are also windows that can be opened to get a better view of Bourbon Street. When I visited, the city was under major construction so the only view was a black tarp which sucked. 
I stopped by for breakfast and Happy Hour and everyone working here was just so nice! Southern hospitality is the best! 
For breakfast I had the shrimp and crab omelette. It was perfect, and very cheesy - just the way I like it! For Happy Hour I tried the $1 chargrilled oysters. Can you say heaven? Wow. My tastebuds were on fire...and so was my throat because I refused to let the gooey parmesan cool down before I devoured each oyster. But I regret nothing!
Sitting at the bar means you can watch them shuck the oysters in action! The bartenders were also so sweet. I wasn't aware one of the guys couldn't leave until he rang me up. He clocked out and stayed and talked to me for about an hour until he casually mentioned he couldn't leave until I finished. Everyone here went above and beyond to make sure all my needs were met, and I really appreciated that. I can't wait to return. I'll definitely be staying at the Royal Sonesta again and Desire will be the first restaurant I visit!Rarely have I seen a waitstaff so disinterested. I know things move slower in New Orleans but they take it to a new level.Excellent New Orleans gumbo that hit the spot! It wasn't too spicy and perfect for lunch. Salads were good, too! It was a somewhat expensive so be prepared, but it was a nice atmosphere.My date and I had a wonderful breakfast here.  Good quality food.  Service was a little slow but they were pretty packed.  I would go back.TL, DR Brief:
The Alligator Meatball didn't taste like Gator, but still delicious, and the warm bread is divine at this elegant restaurant.
I have time to read a review:
It was our last night in NOLA and we were walking around Bourbon St looking for a place for a good meal. We wanted crawfish and we stumbled into Desire. After walking in, we were amazed by the decor first and foremost. It looked like an old hotel with nice chandeliers and old school fittings. I was also glad that there was a television above the bar because I was really keen on keeping up on the NBA Finals Game 2 with the Miami Heat & San Antonio Spurs. Throughout our meal, it was fun to see the waitstaff get into the game and provide commentary.
After perusing the menu, our order included 4 lbs of crawfish, crawfish carbonara, alligator meatball and oysters on the half shell. Some warm bread was brought to our table and not devouring all of it was a feat in itself! Our food came and I was able to try them all and loved it. The crawfish was spicy and a joy to eat, while the crawfish carbonara was smooth and very delicious to eat. The oysters were fresh and quite tasty, and the alligator wasn't as gamey as I envisioned it would be with marinara sauce that was a little sweet which I liked. All in all, it was an enjoyable experience on this Sunday night and I would recommend this place to anyone visiting as a place to eat on Bourbon St.We stayed here.  The atmosphere was great.
The wine by the glass was reasonably priced.   Crawfish cheese cake was,killerExcellent food shrimp and Grits great service chat  grilled Oysters were delicious shrimp poor boy 
.....,Super Yummy highly recommend the shrimp n grits and the broiled oysters. Our service was top notch!   This is a must try while in New OrleansWe had the crawfish cheesecake, I loved it!!!  Husband said it was OK.  Pete was our waiter and seemed really nice and a little engaging.  I think he may have been more engaging had we not been sitting at a window seat people watching.  He was giving us our space and we appreciated that.  That is one thing a waiter needs to be able to do, read your customers!!!  Thanks Pete!!!This place in UNREAL. The oysters are phenomenal and their HH is great! I got both of the oysters and they were fresh and had a great taste. They have a bunch of awesome dishes. The pasta dishes are all super flavorful! Definitely can't wait to try again.This was our favorite place to eat during our visit.  We came for lunch twice.  Both times the food was fantastic.  Oysters were very fresh.  The ones broiled with parmesan were awesome but we had them plain and they were great too.   Decent crabcakes- not too much breading, plenty of crab.  The service was a 50/50 split- first visit our waiter was on the ball.  Second visit, not so much.  Definitely stop in for a bite if you're in the neighborhood.For a restaurant located on Bourbon, this place is pretty good. Our waitress Kee Kee was really nice and helpful. I had the catfish platter with hushpuppies and potato salad. The potato salad was a little too spicy for my taste, but the catfish was good. The seasoning was perfect; not too salty or bland. The hush puppies were good too. My friends had raw oysters and said they were very good. The oysters were enormous! My friend loved the spicy sauce so much that she bought a bottle (for 5 bucks). We finished off the evening with pecan pie a la mode. It was really good! Probably the best part of the meal. Definitely a fun dining experience.OMG!!!
Soft shell crab PO-BOY!
It was delicious! Still I remember the taste!
Crab meat was so tender and taste really fresh.
I tried other po-boy but for me it was best!
While I was traveling NOLA, I went back there 2 times for soft shell crab.
Also, the potato salad was great too!!!
Big smile!It doesn't happen too often, but once in a great while I taste something so amazing my eyes will roll to the back of my head with delight. 
My friends and I were on a trip at New Orleans, and we were staying at the Royal Sonesta Hotel. Desire Oyster Bar was the hotel's ajoining restaurant. We took a stroll into Desire, and sat ourselves at the oyster bar counter. We were warmly greeted by one of the long-time oyster shuckers there. We ordered a dozen raw oysters and an appetizer serving of BBQ Shrimp. 
While Acme Oyster House still holds a slight edge with the oysters, the BBQ Shrimp here blew me away. The dish had about 6 pieces of shirmp, coated with a thick and perfectly spiced gravy of a sauce. Then a crispy piece of garlic bread sits atop the dish, allowing you to mop up every drop of the plate of heaven in front of you. Please try the BBQ Shrimp. It was great enough for me to deem as my "last meal".We stayed at Royal Sonesta and ate at Desire several times through the years. Had favorites    Their stuffed oysters, BBQ oysters and my wife and friends are obsessed with their baked potato. Just a baked potato. But they loved it.   We just returned to NOLA and NONE of our favorites on the menu.  Baffling since they still serve oysters. Even fry oysters for PO boys   So tossing them in BBQ sauce not a huge cost or stretch   And baked potatoes are perhaps one of the cheapest things to have and cook.    Hate it when you return to a favorite place and the cheaper faster monster has turned something special into something McToursty    Will seek elsewhere 
Bummerwow what a disgrace that such an establishment that had the best oysters in town changed the menu up.   the new grilled oysters are horrible.   as well as they got rid of the garlic hot sauce which was a hood look and taste for the food.  i guess with new mgmt comes nwe things but if it aint broke don't  fix it. smfh.  never again.We were staying at the Royal Sonesta for last several days, and have been going to our regular restaurants, but today on our last day, we decided to try the Desire Oyster bar.  We got grilled oysters and fried shrimp/oyster combo and they were both outstanding.  The grilled oysters were plump and juicy and had a nice mix of Parmesan, garlic and butter.  The fried combo was great as well. Even the French fries were cooked and seasoned well.I had the fried oysters with BBQ sauce. Very good! My boyfriend had the Gumbo, also very, very good. The bread was far better than most places in New Orleans too! I'd highly recommend the food.
Atmosphere was nice and authentic New Orleans. Definitely better food than Remoulade across the street.
I wouldn't give it 5 stars because the service was off. Tony was our waiter. We told him we found a little piece of saran wrap in the soup and he explained why it happened...when the cook takes the wrap off the onions, he doesn't take it all the way off. He didn't apologize or offer to take it off the bill which is poor form in my opinion. Also, it took a while to get water and bread on the table.Sat at the bar during happy hour for the $1 oysters. The restaurant was not busy at all--probably had 5 small groups dining here at the time. The bartender took her time with everything: bringing a menu, taking our order, making our drink, bringing our food, etc. The dozen raw oysters we ordered took a long time to get to us, as there was only 1 guy shucking oysters during happy hour. The oysters were not fresh compared to Felix's, so I would definitely pay the extra money to go to Felix's instead. On top of that, the crackers they serve with the oysters were stale!
Definitely would recommend paying the extra money for fresher oysters elsewhere.We stopped in on the recommendation from our uber driver and this place was great. The service was on point but the food was better! The crab mac and cheese was hella good. The grilled oysters had this amazing butter park creole sauce. They even made a special poboy with half gator, half shrimp for me which was so flame. The crab cakes were also legit. The decor is that only school New Orleans vibe. Def recommend.Unfortunately, our visit left us with a desire to have chosen another restaurant. We had a party of 8 (it wasn't very busy)and were seated promptly. It took an extended time to get our drinks ordered. Our waitress was not congenial or attentive (and we are the least picky people when it comes to food/service). I received my order after everyone else had finished their meal. No apologies given. The food was fine. The venue is very loud. No music, but voices reverberate loudly throughout the restaurant. I won't be back.Awesome!  Always a treat!   Great food and great service... Its a family tradition... Ask to sit in Joanne's section.Service was prime time.  Thanks kiki. Oysters were awesome. Blackened catfish was perfect.I couldn't say enough great things about this place. The staff is superb and so personable. Tyrone and Kentrell had us entertained the entire night (to say the least)!
The food was delicious, perfect portions. Oysters were the best in the city, we recommend the grilled ones.
Don't miss out on this gem. A must go.Best charbroiled oysters in the French Quarter. The end. Friends loved the catfish poboy (HUGE portion) and the jerk salmon. I had the gumbo which was off this time. Luckily, I could eat their oysters all day long and be happy!Brunch. !0:30 any morning. Creole Crab Benedict. Nuf said!We came here to eat a "second dinner" after the food at Mr. B's was so damn terrible we couldn't eat it.
It's a nice, casual, open little oyster bar. We ordered a dozen raw and they came out glistening, fresh, and HUGE! Easily some of the largest Gulf oysters we've ever seen. 
The service here is what was the real let down. The waitress was very short with all of her tables, including us. She slammed the drinks on the table, slammed the oysters on the table, acted like my friend was a bother when he stopped her for a second to ask her a question, and never came back to check on us to see if we would like anything else from the menu or another drink. In fact, she didn't turn on the nice behavior until it was time to drop off the bill. Then it was all  "honey" this and "sweetie" that. Ummm....she picked the wrong couple to pull that stuff on, because we are cynics from a city ourselves. 
I will say that in spite of everything, this is one of the better places in n NOLA for raw oysters. Come for the food and relaxed atmosphere, but don't expect much outside of that.Amazing that a smog place earns a definite 5 star review! I've used places in the past that were dirty, slow, expensive (oh, your car costs more...), and rude and needed something better. Found it!
In a nutshell, this place has the following qualities:
1) Clean- waiting room and shop
2) Friendly- Norm, the owner, will fit you in even without an appointment
3) Reasonable Price- they will offer you the "internet coupon" price and apply it even if you didn't ask. 
5) Quick 
A smog check isn't a favorite, but Golden State Smog made it the best it could be. I'll be back!Amazing. The food and service were ridiculously fantastic. The chef at the bar came out and talked to us; showed his favorite way to eat oysters. He then completely modified the jambalaya and fish so no butter was used. Sincerely one of the best meals we've had, period. Chef Q is amazing.I had a pulled pork po-boy which was decent. Not too exciting. A lot of food though. The sweet potato fries are great though.  The service is okay since my water cut was never empty but other than that its a bit slow.This is my favorite place to eat oysters in French quarters. I have eaten here a dozen times. I go back and forth between here and Acme oyster house. I LOVE the oyster desire! I recommend this place.A nice spot right on bourbon street. Excellent oysters, both raw and broiled. A fabulous Sazarec made by bartender Kitty. 
Go here!!!We enjoy coming here.  Great food, good service and the view of Bourbon street always entertains.  Étouffée is delicious and the oysters any way you get them are fresh, big and tasty.  My favorite are the BBQ oysters--fried, sauced and sprinkled with blue cheese.  Hubs love the Parmesan encrusted broiled oysters.Food was great, service horrible. I had to ask another server to get our drinks, which were sitting at waitress station for 5 minutes cuz our waitress was too busy making bread and talking to another server. Our Fried Calamari sat under warning lamps for 5 min also for the same reason. Never asked how our food was or if we needed anything. However, as i said the food was perfect.Not impressed with the food quality. I ordered the Jambalaya Skillet, and it was just an overwhelming amount of cheese atop some shrimp (not deveined), sausage, and tons of grease. My wife's toast was burnt, and her omelette came out wrong.  Service was friendly, but extremely slow for having no crowd to speak of.  They didn't even top off our coffee throughout the time we were there. I was expecting a lot better quality out of a $50 breakfast. Absolutely not worth it.HIGHS AND LOWS-had a great roast beef po-boy on FRI-sat-ate with wife-great gumbo,split combo fried oyster,fried shrimp po-boy,1/2 had 4 shrimp,1/2 had 4 oysters,oysters had shell fragments in them.Almost broke a tooth.Crawfish Bisque, Muffalata, Catfish Po-Boy is how we started our NO weekend get-a-way.  The staff was very attentive and the window seating adjacent to Bourbon Street is a great experience.
The Bisque is a must-have, thought about it the entire weekend!If you are like me, I thought everything on Bourbon St. would be a straight up tourist trap, but Desire proved me wrong.
We went for their AWESOME happy hour and major bonus, their staff is SUPER friendly. 
The atmosphere is chill and easy going. We were greeted with a friendly smile and seated right away by the window, so we could see Bourbon St. Our server greeted us with a friendly smile, led us to their AWESOME happy hour and provided suggestions. I was being indecisive and very quickly distracted with the noise level and all the action on Bourbon St. She was very patient with me and allowed me to soak up the entire experience. -Thank you Christina!
We ordered a round of drinks and 6 grilled oysters.
They had some long pours going on with their drinks. We didn't mind since we ordered an additional round. 2nd time, tequila shots :-P  The oysters were overly cheesy and kinda small, but reasonably priced. No complaints here. 
With out hesitation, I would go back for their happy hour. When I go back I would like to venture this place at dinner time.  Considering this place is on Bourbon St I would like to compare day time vs night time crowd and atmosphere. There entrees look eye appealing.   .Compared to the other places we had eaten in New Orleans, Desire was excellent. It was close to our hotel on Iberville Street, and in the French Quarter. We were seated at the bar immediately on a Thursday night at 6pm. It took a little while for the bar staff (who may have been changing shifts at the time) to take our drink order and get us our drinks.
After we got the drinks, we ordered the Chicken and Waffles, and their Char Grilled Oysters. I had the Char Grilled Oysters and they were fantastic. The only complaint that I would have is that there were a some pieces of the shell in one of my oysters that I had to pick out of my mouth. The flavor and size of the oysters more than made up for that.
My husband had the Chicken and Waffles and he was also very happy with them. It looked to be a good portion size, the chicken was juicy, and the syrup was excellent with the waffles.
The atmosphere was great considering it was on Bourbon Street and the staff was friendly. I would certainly eat here again!Came in for breakfast and it was fantastic!! Staff was attentive, fast and friendly even though they were very busy.  Eggs Benedict was great!!  Great way to start your day in NOLA.I was in NOLA for Essence Music Fest, and wanted to try something different.  I generally like fried oysters, so I decided to try the Charbroiled Oysters. OMG!! They were absolutely wonderful.  One of the best dishes I've ever had. Kuddos to the chef. However, on the flip side, the Red Beans n 'Rice and Gumbo needs some improvement.We stumbled upon this restaurant looking for something right off bourbon street. We did good! This place has great food and drinks. I had the chicken primavera which was delish, and a hurricane cat 5 drink, which was also good. We loved our crab cakes for the appetizer and the fried green tomatoes were bomb. If you're looking for a place to drop into, this is your place!!Amazing!  A dozen oysters for $14 and two oversized martinis for $10 each.  This place rocks.  Staff is super frinedly.  Get a window street and you can watch all the drunks walking along Bourbon Street.My friends and I stopped by this place when we were visiting Bourbon Street. We ordered the fried alligator and the Seafood Platter. The alligator was pretty good with the jelly that they provide on the side. However, the place has bad service and is dirty. The first plate I received had a dead fly on it which was promptly replaced by the waitress. The second plate I received had bits and pieces of left over food. The Seafood platter was subpar and did not have any shrimp as the menu clearly stated. For $60 I thought I would have had a much better experience given that I was visiting Louisiana which is known for its seafood. Stay away.Found out about this place from our hotel concierge. We got the oyster & shrimp Po' boy, fried alligator & grilled oysters. Everything was great! Our fav was the grilled oysters....yummy! The staff was very friendly & we were totally taken care of. This is a great place to begin your time cruising down Bourbon St! Now off to grab the "hurricane"I'm enjoying the traditional Red Beans & Rice and GREENS/Cornbread. Bon appétit! The atmosphere is fun...... The Service is fantastic!Belgium waffles are fantastic, perfectly scrambled eggs, ample bacon provided! Atmosphere and decor are perfect for breakfast. Our waitress, Acacia, was so friendly and helpful.Eat at the bar! And make sure Marcus is working it! Great food and even greater hospitality thanks to Marcus!! Oysters, Jambalaya & BBQ shrimp were amazing.Great service!  Great Oysters!  Loved the ambience.
Marcus was our bartender and took such good care of my sisters and me when we visited.  We were there for a birthday celebration and this was our first stop.
Great choice!I was pleasantly surprised when a place right on Bourbon was able to seat a table for 15 quickly at dinnertime. Then I was even more surprised that the food was relatively good (I expected maybe tourist trap average food)! I split the crawfish carbonara and shrimp and grits, and both were very good!We started with the Turtle soup, it was very tasty, but it was my first time with it, so take it for what it's worth. 
The highlight was the deep fried blue cheese oysters, and a broiled parmesan oyster. 
The oysters were absolutely wonderful. 
Just can't get enough of them.I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
One of my companions particularly likes oysters, so we stopped at Desire for dinner.
We ordered the oysters desire as a shared appetizer and then Jeff and I each powered through 18 oysters (with Abita Amber to accompany) before ordering dinner.
I enjoy oysters on the half shell with lemon juice and a shot of hot sauce. Not something that I have often, but I do enjoy them, and the oysters we had that night at Desire tasted quite fresh. 
I had the creole trio, which was gumbo, jambalaya and red beans & rice with smoked sausage. Jeff ordered more oysters and Jason had the seafood combo, which was more food than he could eat so I finished it off for him.
We enjoyed dinner and found it to be solidly good but not great. It was nice to have a table right on Bourbon Street where you could people watch. 
Even though they were very busy, our waiter was attentive and prompt and the food came quickly.The crawfish etoufee was just awesome! , the Jambalaya is really good. The J&P dessert is not so good because you can taste the oil where it's fried. The place have a nice atmosphere and service is good.My husband and I stayed at the Royal Sonesta for our trip and Desire Oyster Bar is attached to it, so we ate breakfast here one morning.  The food is amazing!  I had traditional New Orleans Bananas Foster (yummmmmy!) and my husband had an eggs Benedict of some kind.  Service was great, environment was great and food even better!The gumbo and jambalaya are excellent.  The oysters are delicious as is the fresh horse radish.  The service was a tad slow but not problematic.  Don't wait in line at Acme when this better restaurant is two blocks away.Great place to drink and eat delicious oysters!
Great service and menu has options for all.Simply wanted a place for a meal late-night on a weekday, and got more than I had hoped for.  Desire has the feel of an upscale diner, and is more casual (and a bit less pricey) than most other restaurants with similar menus in the area, but easily holds a candle to these other establishments in terms of food quality.
The oysters ($7 for a dozen) I started with were meatier and fresher than those I had elsewhere on this trip, and the jambalaya ($11) was among the best I've had in the city.  Also fantastic was the fresh bread brought out in small quantities in paper sleeves.
I'll be back the next time I happen to be on Bourbon St.I visited Desire during my stay for Jazz fest.  This was our No. 2 dinner option after Acme oyster closed off its line.  Lines should be your only concern for Desire (as well as Acme).  They do not take reservations.  You just have to show up and wait.  I don't like that, but I'm sure it works for them and the line did move fairly rapidly (On a Sunday night during Jazz Fest).  
It's right on Bourbon St. so after dinner you can party on.  Everything we had tasted awesome.  The BBQ oysters were fantastic.  If you have anyone who's afraid of the texture of oysters, get them as an appetizer and you will not regret it.  I promise.  The catfish was solid and the bread was fresh.  
The service could use some sharpening, but that shouldn't deter you from enjoying dinner.  If you touch down in NOLA, hit this up one time.Awesome place right on Bourbon Street! 
Me and a couple friends decided to try it out on a trip down south, and it was delicious! I had some oysters (they were served with a slice of lemon) and Pasta Jambalaya, definitely a good New Orleans meal. One of my friends had the bread pudding and it was delightful. The banana pudding wasn't as great as we expected, but we've had our share of good banana pudding~ 
The service was nice and attentive, but oh, they don't do separate checks, so make sure you have cash so your group (assuming you're going to eat with a group ..) can split the bill! Or make sure you bring someone who will be willing to take care of it ;)Christmas 2017 with my lovely husband and four year old daughter. Our first nontraditional Christmas ever, and I must say we were not the only ones to fill Desire. Waited in line for about 20 minutes. I had shrimp n grits, however, omitted the grits and had rice I stead...it was delicious! My husband had the Trio...it was cold and not anything near as yummy as the shrimp. Our waitress was off, but it was Christmas I'm sure she would have rather been at home than  serving us...in fact, that's basically what she said as she dropped off our ticket (totally understandable). I an on goi9g back next time we are in town.I loved this spot!  My husband and I stopped in here for lunch and ended up coming back the next day.  We liked the vibe, and the people-watching on Bourbon Street is perfect.  
The oysters are delish but I really devoured the Jumbo Shrimp Remoulade.  It's served on Fried Green Tomatoes which are my favorite, and not every place offers them.  I even asked if I could buy just a small side of the tomatoes, and they whipped it up for me!  Super nice people and great service.  
xoInitially stopped in here for a quick drink before deciding where to wanted to eat dinner but we ended up staying because the bartenders, Marcus and Chris, were the absolute best. They were very friendly, super engaging and just the right amount of attentive. Marcus talked us into trying an appetizer, the fried alligator, and because it was so stinkin good we at our meal here and even had dessert. Next time I am in NOLA this will be my first stop!