Great food at a reasonable price! I had the red beans and rice. My boyfriend had the swamp fries. Friendly staff. clean atmosphere.Great food. Delicious shrimp & Crab soup and Shrimp Po Boy. small  intimate place with a full bar.Excellent food, huge portions, great value. Maria was so nice we had a great experience! Highly recommended.We went here for lunch on a Friday.  Its small and quiet which made for a nice relaxing atmosphere.  We ordered both the fried and grilled shrimp po-boys to share.  Both were amazing.  The bread was the right mix of crunchy crust with soft insides and the shrimp were prepared just right.  The fried shrimp were lightly friend and not too heavy, and the grilled shrimp were basted with a lemon glaze which was delicious.  I prefer the grilled poboy but both are worth it.BBQ shrimp (best tasting item on the menu), grilled shrimp and fries (shrimp was overcooked and tasted like it was brined for a few days so it was quite salty), and gumbo (also very salty that was tempered with extra rice).
However this was clearly a mom and pop type of place. I think the service was great.OMG! This place is fabulous! Our server, Maria, was the best!!!! Cheerful with great suggestions and just loads of fun.  The grilled shrimp po boy was really good but the hot sausage PO boy and swamp fries were incredible. What a great intro to Nawlins for us! ThanksWe walked in on a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't too packed. You can order take-out, and there was no credit card minimum. I got the swamp fries to go, and it took less than 10 minutes. The fries were DELICIOUS, even though they turned soggy by the time we got back to the hotel. Imagine them fresh, YUM!!! Note: if you have a big group, call ahead to see if they can accommodate you. A group of nine got turned away because of a 30 minute wait.Based on reviews, I stopped in at Diamond Street Bar & Grill for lunch. My stomach was growling, so I took a break from a conference I was attending across the street for a quick bite. When I walked in, the restaurant was virtually empty except for 1 table of three. Given this, I was surprised at the slow service. Ten minutes for a glass of water, really? Not a great start, but I was super hungry and decided to stay to see if the food lived up to the high reviews. 
I ordered the Crab and Corn Chowder to start, although I wanted the Seafood Gumbo (couldn't order it due to the sausage it's cooked with). Thankfully, the soup was very tasty, albeit thin and slightly runny--didn't expect that. For my main meal, I decided on the Buffalo Shrimp with a side salad. I suppose my expectations were too high, but there was no real flavor to the shrimp. The salad was fresh, but the dressing tasted store bought (the Blue Cheese dressing was actually blended, so it was an interesting shade of blue, minus the chunky cheese bits you might expect--that was a 1st :-). Beyond that, the fastest part of my experience was getting my check, Ha!  Just a decent place to eat if you're really hungry, in the area and want convenience. Happy Eating!!!Came here out of a whim and do not regret it! Got the fried shrimp Po- boy and it was absolutely amazing. Added a little bit of the hot sauce for a little kick. This is also the first time I tried the purple Haze and it completed the PO- boys pretty well.Diamond Street Bar & Grill has outstanding food and service. The steak was absolutely the best. Me and family will definitely be back on our next visit to NOGreat little find! The swap fries are amazing and the shrimp Po boy my boyfriend had was great too. The corn and clam chowder was savory and delicious. Red Beans and Rice are a big miss. Just pass on those. Bland and mushy. I had a few bites and that was it. 
Overall a good place!I'm so glad I found this hidden gem. We were greeted by Maria who was the sweetest and most attentive lady! My husband and I ordered the ribeye, po boy, and salad. The ribeye was cooked medium to perfection. And the po boy had a generous amount of fresh shrimp. We will definitely be back when we come to New Orleans!The crawfish ettoufe was delicious. Get the swamp fries as an appetizer. You're welcome :-)Best service.  I visit  during the storm Maria was the best. The gumbo was amazing so was the sweet tea and swamp fries.Diamond Street Grill was outstanding! Food was delicious and served in large portions. Clean restaurant with friendly staff. A definite place to eat!Good Nola fare, large portions, and great service from the M&M duo (Maria & Molly)! I've enjoyed the okra seafood gumbo and various grilled shrimp dishes. Easy to pop in here for a meal, drinks and good company.Best sandwhich of my life, Fried shrimp Po' boy. Paired perfectly with a purple haze. Coffee is over priced though. Will come backFantastic service! Our waitress Mali, was so friendly and great during our visit. This family-run business is a hidden gem for sure. The corn crab soup is phenomenal! It has the perfect blend of spices and is ridiculously good. The fried shrimp was great as well and the setting is nice and clean with an open space feel.Me like. My dad and I went there during a convention. They forgot my food but the wait was worth it because I ended up just inhaling the gumbo as well as half of what my dad orderedThe rib eye, drinks and above all the service here is incredible!! A hidden gym!!!   Definitely coming back!One of the best shrimp poboys I've had. Bread was perfect. Liked it so much I went back the next day for lunch again. Highly recommend! Also got the roast beef debris fries which were good.Visiting from California and saw this place while walking from our hotel to find a spot to eat.    Great food and very reasonable prices.  Had the gumbo and bbq shrimp and ribeye.     Wonderfully cooked and with good flavor.  Owner is son of Ruth's Chris and you could tell.The menu is small, but the food is great.  I had the red beans and rice.  More than enough for a meal and the best I've had in the city so far.If you are in the area, you have to come to this little gem ! Best corn and crab soup I've ever had. You want to lick the bowl to get every last drop. I also got the grilled shrimp and fries plate which was also phenomenal . Service and hospitality are top notchI really don't get the reviews, maybe it was just a bad day. The service was incredibly slow, but I blame management, because 2 servers were covering way too many tables. It was lunch and took an hour from the time I sat down until I ate....so you need an hour and half lunch break.
As for the food, it also gets 2 stars. I was extremely disappointed, especially given the ratings. 
I got the BBQ shrimp and gumbo, the BBQ shrimp was overcooked and impossible to peel, I only ate one because they were so much work, the waitress didn't ask how they were nor questioned the fact that the plate was full when she took them away. 
The Gumbo was tasteless, lot of hot sauce made it edible. New Orleans has so many great restaurants, this is not one of them.Awesome food and reasonably priced! Shrimp Po-Boy with cocktail sauce - yumm!!  Only one thing on the menu was over $10.  Good service as well. Definitely would come back.The service is great, but the food was sub par. The exterior gives a false impression. It's a sterile interior. No draft beer and a limited bottle selection.Friendliest people you'll ever meet. Wonderful dining experience during our convention and you can call ahead to order if you're in a hurry to your meetings. Try the po-boy smoked sausage and the gumbo. Either sausage and chicken and seafood.Great off-the-beat place to ylyeat.  Read reviews before coming here and the reviews were spot on right.
Arrived around 2 pm, so wasn't surprised no one else was there, seated right away, very attentive waitress.  Only water today, no exotic beverages yet today!  Started with a cup of the seafood gumbo.  Took recommendation to get just a cup as a bowl could have been a meal.  Very tasty, just the right amount of kick to it.  Sausage was tasty and mild.  I'm not a big sausage fan but really liked the taste of this in the gumbo itself.  Good start to the meal.
Then decided on the shrimp salad with grilled shrimp.  Where i come from, I was expecting a mayonnaise based shrimp salad. Not here, and actually I like it a lot better, a blend of delicious lettuce with all of the trimmings, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots and croutons.  I got Italian dressing on the side.  Man it comes in this beautiful boat shaped salad and is huge!  The grilled shrimp were piled on, had to be at least three-quarters of a pound, if not more.
Another reviewer indicating portion size is very large while price is relatively low.  He wasn't kidding, that was a ton of food at a very reasonable price.
As I was finishing the salad, my waitress asked if I saved room for dessert.  I was about to say no, but then thought lets see what she recommends.  Once she said a warm brownie drizzed with chocolate sauce with white chocolate chips, I was immediately drawn in and said ok, I try that dessert.
Once the dessert came, I knew it was the right choice.  After finishing off the delicious chocolaty dessert I concluded the meal was delicious, the atmosphere, though small, was indicative to where the locals eat.  The bill, OMG, just a hair over $20 with tax not including tip for a huge, what would be considered a bowl anywhere else, cup of soup, an unbelievably filling and tasty shrimp salad and a delicious dessert.
All is all, a great start to a long weekend in New Orleans.
I highly recommend seeking this place out. Menu is kind of small and its not in the middle of the French Quarter, but don't think twice about making a stop or two or three here.  i plan to visit again during my short stay here in New Orleans and I think you should too!!!Such a great little place. Maybe 10 tables in the whole joint. We went for lunch and shared the BBQ shrimp, the fried shrimp po boy and the swamp fries. Everything was so good. The fries had a bit of pot roast type drippings on them along with cheese wiz. Naughty goodness. The BBQ shrimp were to die for. I could take a bath in the sauce. Spicy. Savory. The po boy was also very good! Cheapest beer I ever had in NOLA also! Two thumbs up for these guys!Not a review, but just a heads-up. I walked a good mile to this place only to find that it's currently closed for maintenance until July 12 (2017) - despite the Yelp info that says it's currently open.The food was pretty good. My friend and I shared the fried artichoke hearts, a fried shrimp po' boy, a cup of seafood gumbo, and a ribeye steak. The shrimp po' boy was good, dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayo, but was just a bit too salty for my taste. So was the gumbo. The ribeye was EXCELLENT! A steal at only $15!We were in town for a volleyball tournament at the convention center. My husband and I went here based on the Yelp reviews. We shared the shrimp Po boy, it was so good, we took another to go! If you're in town or in the area, go!!The swamp fries and barbecue shrimp are AAAMMAAZING! It's a small place but offers great food and service! We went for lunch and tried the swamp fries and barbecue shrimp and that could have been our meal alone! We also had the jambalaya and red beans and rice and they were great as well and were huge servings! Definitely come with an appetite!This place is bomb diggity. Best Crawfish/Shrimp Etoufee and Large Shrimp Friend P.O. Boy! I'll definitely be back. Oh and the process are grrrrrreat!Very basic place. Limited tables for seating. More like a bar than a restaurant. Be aware the BBQ shrimp are the size of prawns and are served intact and must be de-headed and peeled before eating. Burgers were excellent and done perfectly to order. Fine place for a quick lunch. Service was a tad slow, but it was very busy.The food was delicious - the corn and crab soup was delicious with a kick.
But I think they need more wait staff :|Diamond in the rough. Very good food, cozy atmosphere, and nice wait staff. Gumbo was one of the best I have ever had and I'm from here.This place is great. Amazing prices for large portions as well. Our waitress was amazing and hilarious. Even gave suggestions to places to go to.A real hidden gem.  The gumbo, red beans and rice, and po'boys here were all first class.   The serving sizes are enormous- a poboy and order of beans and rice would have been enough food for a couple of people.
Check this place out if you want to get away from the usual tourist traps and get a real taste of New Orleans.I recently visited New Orleans as a staff member of a conference. After the first day 13 of us decided to walk over and try Diamond Street for dinner. I cannot explain how gracious and accommodating they were for a large group that didn't call ahead. Within 5 minutes they had set up a table for us and we were seated. The servers were charming and sweet. My only complaint is the beer list, but that didn't deter me from ordering wine or damper my experience. THE FOOD THOUGH. Seriously everything was amazing. If I am ever in New Orleans again I will definitely come back!Stopped here for lunch. It was pretty empty but start to fill up after my family got there. The waitress was friendly and always checking on us for more refills or updating us about our food. First thing before we ordered she said "food here is large portions" and that's a good forewarning lol. I ordered the fried shrimp with a side salad, my brother got the buffalo chicken with side salad and onion rings and my sister got the meat and seafood gumbo. Everything was good a mice space filler till dinner time. Food came out fast.Went here twice while in New Orleans for a conference. Had the shrimp po' boy both times. It was so delicious I had to have it a second time before going home. The onion rings were really tasty as well. Both times we had Maria as our server. She is the epitome of southern hospitality and a real hoot! We really enjoyed meeting her and she made us feel right at home. I highly recommend this establishment and you have to meet Maria!We dined here when we were in New Orleans in December 2017 and I forgot to write a review. We were the only two diners there and it was confusing because one person came to take our drink and appetizer order, and then what I thought was the bartender came around and asked us for our order and then said that he was about to go and cook it! Mind you, a third person came to ask for our order around three different times (not sure what happened between the "bartender" asking and going to go and cook it,) but despite their confusion (where my boyfriend finally asked the third person why didn't she just write our order down, lol) we received some of the best food that we'd had the entire time that we were in town. Based on it being vacant, I had very low expectations, but the food really was good! The "bartender" was actually the owner and the third person that took our order, I believe, was his sister. They were really sweet and friendly. When we go back, we're definitely going here first!Everything we tried was delicious. Molly and Maria were awesome. This is a hidden gem.Great value. Had two bowls of gumbo. Will eat here again, highly recommend. Debated on eating at higher end restaurant b/c unsure of cost vs quality since I was from out of town. I've spent 2-3x the money and not enjoyed it like this. High on flavor low on cost.Great and interesting place at the same time. Molly was great and a nice sight to the eyes. Her jambalaya was great and the drinks were awesome! The patrons were having a great time and were entertaining. Will go there again.Definitely a hidden secret of New Orleans! We were down for vacation and were looking for a nice place for lunch. Came across this online after searching for the perfect spot. We did not realize how small it was, which made the service so much better. 
I enjoyed the roast beef poboy and let me just say, it was to die for! That was my first roast beef poboy and every time I ordered it thereafter, did not compare to Diamond's!I found this place just walking by. It's got a cute modern atmosphere. Small inside with a bar as well. Food was very reasonably priced and tasty. The staff were mediocre. That would be my only complaint. Crab and corn soup was yummy. Very pleased with my visit. Relaxed and delicious.Food was great! Portions are large, but the prices are awesome. So was the great service. Thank you Marie!Was going to go here when on Google to find hours.
It said it closed down this place  no longer existsBest damn shrimp po' boys ever. Sigh and happiness. We came back twice just for this sandwich.Excellent food and great prices for the portion sizes. Really small and quaint spot. The BBQ shrimp was huge and we got between 12-15 of them. The swamp fries were nice and hot and a huge portion size for the price. I will definitely come back!!!A word to the wise (or those that aspire to be). This "gem" is perfect for anyone in the warehouse district who's looking for good food, prices well within perdiem, and staff that doesnt need to put on an act for tourists.
Best Po Boy I've ever had. Red beans and rice like it should be. And I'd be willing to bet that everything on the menu would be at the same level.
If you want the tourist experience to get the pics and a story, go ahead. Those places are also pretty good. If you're looking for the Diamond in the rough, look no further.We were scrambling to find a dinner reservation after the Tulane Wave Goodbye Grady ceremony was cancelled late notice due to severe thunderstorms....  Gary at the Courtyard Marriott, where we were staying, recommended the Diamond Street Grill and were we glad he did!   He made a quick call and got us right in (when there were no reservations to be had in NOLA due to Tulane's Graduation Weekend!).  Food was off the charts good, Fried Oyster Po-Boy, Fried Shrimp, Rib Eye... every item we ordered was sooo good and that's compared to Mr B's and Cafe Adelaide!   If your in for a convention, put it on your "must hit" list!   The prices were also great!   And the staff was outstanding!!Nice bartender, good drink and excellent food! The corn and crab chowder was amazing... fresh crab and light. Normally that kind of soup would be so heavy and thick, but this was perfect!Arrived just as they opened with a small group. Quickly, the restaurant filled to capacity. We were among the first to order, however, you could tell the bar patrons took precedence over the rest of us. The food itself was great; however, be prepared for sub-par service, and an overall lack of respect from the wait staff.Very small place and small menus. There are 3 or 4 tables for 2, 2 tables for 4, and 1 round table plus a bar area. 
The menus has 2 shrimp items, 2 steaks, and 2 other options. Then there are sandwiches 2 of which are shrimp. 
I enjoyed the fried shrimp and I liked the gumbo as well. The cup order is more like a bowl and the bowl order is HUGE. My buddy had the shrimp po-boy and said it was really good. My other friend has a BLT and it had a lot of bacon so portions are a good size.
I gave it a 3 because it took a while to get seated because the bar has people so no one sat us until the bar emptied and the menus is to restricted. They need to add to it.Was looking for place within walking to hotel for NoLA food options... so happy we tried. Had a bit of wait but staff was friendly and kept assuring us they had something coming up. We had fried shrimp Po'boys, swamp fries and corn/crab chowder. Amazing flavors - Tab with 1 soda and 2  glasses wine was $39. Best food we had on entire trip .So it's about 3 pm and I'm looking for a good place for lunch. Luckily, I stumbled into this gem of a resturant. Walking into the resturant, I received a robust welcome. The service staff was friendly, quick, and efficient. The resturant was cozy and clean. The menu was easy to read with great selections. The sound of slurping from my straw evoked a quick replenishment of my chosen libation. I accidentally got tarter sauce on my fingers and by the time I looked up, the wait staff had a bundle of napkins for me to use. While eating, my waitress hummed the soft tunes to Sam Cooks "Having a Party" and I was challenged to name the tune to which I did of course. The food was piping hot, flavor-able and the portions were way too much. I ate my hearts content and was give a more than reasonable bill for my consumption. The Diamond Street Bar and Grill is literally a Diamond in the ruff that I would encourage everyone to find. Thanks for the great service ladies. It really is the small things that count.Great service, very friendly people with great personalities. Excellent shrimp and roast beef po-boys. Will return next time I'm in the City.If you are looking for good food away from the madness and crowds of the French quarter this is a great option.  Small space, 7 or 8 tables, with a large window into the kitchen.  It is nice to see a restaurant that is so transparent about their operation.  I question the cleanliness of many places in New Orleans - not here.  There is a small bar but you come here for the food!  We tried several items: 1. The barbecued shrimp which although it is listed as an appetizer was massive, 16 jumbo shrimp that will require the use of several napkins as you peel these beauties.  Don't forget to leave room for the bread slices to soak up some of the amazing leftover BBQ sauce. 2. Corn and crab soup was really good, the cups are the size of bowls in most places, I had a bowl to go with my "appetizer shrimp". Needless to say I left stuffed. 3. My wife had the seafood Florentine and a cup of seafood gumbo, both of which were outstanding.  Once again large servings, she left a lot of the pasta, opting to pick out the seafood and eating most of the sauce.  All of this for less than $40, including tip!!
Waitress was very friendly and efficient.  I highly recommend this location.I don't know how this place has good reviews. We got bad service from the jump. My husband and I walked in and were debating which table to sit on bec one was too small, another was dirty and the other was too big. Our waitress proceeded to tell us to sit at the one that was too small for our liking instead of cleaning the table for 4. Then we got the swamp fries which is nothing too special. We then decided to order the seafood gumbo bec it has good reviews. That was the most disappointing gumbo I've ever had. It had ONE shrimp and was extremely slimy. I took one bite and immediately stopped eating it. We then paid and our waitress told us to put the lid back on the hot sauce we used for the fries and put it back. Worst experience ever. Don't waste your time or money at this place!We are in New Orleans for a cruise to the Caribbean and yelped waaaay too many restaurants. My first choice is closed for a summer break and my second choice closed at 5:00 pm!  Third choice - Bingo!!  Diamond bar and Grill on Peters Street. It got good reviews but that doesn't mean anything!!  Easy parking on the street was a plus. When I looked at the menu, I thought it was a mistake. My huge plate of BBQ shrimp was only $13 and my yummy crab and corn soup --$5.95. My husbands "special" was $12, a very delicious fettuccini with shrimp. Loved this place!We were in town for a conference and wanted a place to eat away from the French quarter.  We found the diamond bar and grill.  The restaurant was clean and not too busy.  The special for the night was shrimp and crawfish etoufee. We ordered the special and the chicken fingers.  The etoufee was great not too spicy plenty of crawfish and shrimp.  The helping was huge.  The chicken fingers were good nice and juicy.  The star of the dinner was the swamp fries. They are crunchy fries with cheese and roast beef bits and gravy. They were great and a must try for anyone.We dined here when we were in New Orleans in December 2017 and I forgot to write a review. We were the only two diners there and it was confusing because one person came to take our drink and appetizer order, and then what I thought was the bartender came around and asked us for our order and then said that he was about to go and cook it! Mind you, a third person came to ask for our order around three different times (not sure what happened between the "bartender" asking and going to go and cook it,) but despite their confusion (where my boyfriend finally asked the third person why didn't she just write our order down, lol) we received some of the best food that we'd had the entire time that we were in town. Based on it being vacant, I had very low expectations, but the food really was good! The "bartender" was actually the owner and the third person that took out order, I believe, was his sister. They were really sweet and friendly. When we go back, we're definitely going here first!Awsome. Rib Eye Steak fantastic. Gumbo was fantastic. As well as the service. Extremely inexpensive. Definitely worth checking out.Amazing place. Talk about southern hospitality- a group of 11 of us came to eat 20 minutes before they closed and they welcomed us in with arms. Maria had to have been one of the best waitresses that I have ever come across. Food came out extremely fast and she constantly checked up on us to make sure we were okay. Food portions were HUGE. Only here for a week but will be back.Great food and great customer service. Maria was hilarious and very friendly. Would definitely come back.Wow, great spot in the area close to the convention center. Southern hospitality, great food, good prices. I've had the bbq shrimp a number if times & it's always fantastic. True New Orleans po boys and great specials. Family run place where you are treated like family. And Mali rocks!Very nice place for lunch. Got there around 2, right after the lunch rush. Place was a little unkempt but not bad. Great service and nice Bloody Mary's. I had a club sandwich; wife had a shrimp po boy. Both were great. Huge portions. Reasonably priced. Would def go back if there weren't so many other restaurants in NOLA to choose from. We only get there a couple times a year so we feel like we're cheating ourselves if we go back to places we've already been.This place is awesome! Small, intimate dining area with great service. The portions are huge!!! Easy to share the $10 dishes. The okra gumbo is on point. Not spicy but you can easily add hot sauce to it for a great kick. The grilled shrimp salad was very filling. Buffalo shrimp and fries are also a good choice. Cheap beer prices compared to places outside of happy hour. A definite must stop if you are in the area. 10 minutes from harrah's if you are staying near thereI asked for rib eye but they happened to have New York strip as special menu that night. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned, I asked for medium rare. We order five dishes, two from special menu. Every dishes was tasty,  served in a generous size, and full of quality. Service was great!
I left the restaurant very happy and satisfied :)MAMA MIA, WHERE WAS MARIA!
Visited establishment around 1pm on Father's Day, restaurant was full had a brief 10 minute wait for a table. Our party of 3 was seated and placed orders promptly with our server Mali (blonde with nose piercing).  Restaurant was very busy.  We ordered 3 drinks, 3 appetizers and 3 entrees.  Mali got our drink order to us swiftly.  A dark haired server (not sure of her name), arrived with 1 of our appetizers (bbq shrimp), the appetizer arrived within 20 minutes followed by 2 of the entrees (ribeyes, fried shrimp/fries). Entrees should never be brought out before all appetizers have been served. My 14 year old pointed out that 2 tables that arrived arrived 20  minutes after us, were being served the same appetizers that we ordered 20 minutes before they even arrived.  When asked the dark haired server about our 2 missing appetizers (seafood gumbo & ck & Sausage gumbo) she CURTLY replied it was on it's way. Well the mystery was solved when the dark haired server tried to give the 2 entrees to the other tables who did not order the same thing, she then asked our server Mali where is table 6, Mali our server came over and we asked for silverware to eat the entrees, she returned but did not question the fact that we had not received our missing appetizers.   30 minutes into lunch the second appetizer of seafood gumbo arrived.  After watching my 2 family members consume their appetizers and entrees Mali arrived with the ticket and I asked her to remove the missing appetizer and missing entrée from our ticket she looked bewildered and realized that her lack of attention to our table (TABLE 6) resulted in her having to comp a ticket and lack of a tip....I've heard such positive things about the server Maria, unfortunately she was not there, Mama Mia!  The food was good however, the service was horrible.  I would return only if Maria was on duty that day.Brought an employee here for orientation. Wasn't quite what I expected based off of the pictures. The ambiance and upkeep of the building was very mediocre and you could tell it was more of a mom and pop shop. they also didn't have wifi which confused me here in 2017-- maybe it's because I'm from Chicago? The food itself was okay -- lots of fried options. To be honest-- I probably won't go back or recommend this place.
On a positive note my service was great. My server was really sweet!This is a textbook example of not judging what is coming out of the kitchen by the decor. This place is slinging serious creole with the sourcing of the best. It is what you expect when the plates hit the table. Start with the bbq shrimp and listen to the specials. I was blessed with catfish Pontchartrain- perfectly fried catfish smothered in shrimp etouffee. Listen to Maria and Molly they won't steer you wrongSwamp fries ftw! Order anything on the menu and you'll be in heaven. Servers were amazing and so friendly. Glad this was our first stop in NOLA! If you're near the convention center make sure to stop here for a bite!One of my favorite neighborhood eats. The lovely, perky and on point waitress remembers us everytime we pop in and keeps the Maker's Mark flowing! Ribeye steak, gumbo, and buffalo tossed shrimp salad are my go to-s.Nah, not too good. Strictly for the semi young tourist. Friendly,  but not worth the effort or time.Food was Delicious!  We had the BBQ Shrimp, and red beans and rice, and the club!  Way to much food for two, as the portion sizes are huge!  Lots to take back to the hotel.I had a wonderful first dinner in NOLA thanks to Maria ! The steak was yummy and very affordably priced. She treated me and my 2 girlfriends very well. I'll be back for the pasta next time it's a special.Good was delicious and service was fantastic! Get the BBQ Shrimp! Large prawns and the sauce was perfect. We also ordered the Swamp fries (fries with roast beef and cheese) and the seafood gumbo.Loved the cute bar and restaurant!  My shrimp Po boy was "dressed" and delish!  Left my purse and the waitress ran out and down the street to catch me up with it!!! Prices were great!Absolutely delicious. Enjoyed fried artichoke hearts, the green beans along with a bowl of gumbo. Even shared a shrimp po boy with my brother..portions were huge but we managed to finish it all :) wish our stay in NOLA was longer, we'd definately come back!! Service was super, staff was super friendly and attentive! thanks for the great meal!!As good as it gets, can't recommend it enough. All of the food is fresh and wonderful, and the staff is pleasant and attentive!Great food and awesome service!  Prices are reasonable and Miss Maria is a treat...and a hoot!!!  Highly recommend.  VERY CLEAN!  Miss Molly can make a cocktail!You can't beat the $15 ribeye. This was my hubby's favorite meal of the trip. For the portion and quality of the meat, you'd pay well over $20 elsewhere. I had the BBQ shrimp. It's messy since you need to peel them but worth it because you can't get this over here in SoCal. Never had shrimp like these, the meat wasn't all hard and crunchy but very delicate, and the flavor was quite unique. As tourists we felt very welcome and the lady who served us was so sweet.Husband & I were wondering around - came upon this place & decided to stop in for a late lunch. Fried shrimp was delicious! Husband had their sausage poboy and loved it! The service was great and super friendly.Diamond street bar and grill is one of the best grill bars in NOLA. The service is great and the food is soo good with crazy large portion. Definitely coming back again!Great food, great people, great relaxed atmosphere! I had the seafood gumbo and roast beef po boy. Both were very delicious and the bread for the po boy was top notch. Will definitely come back for more.Killer soul food and excellent service make this a great place for lunch. Brisket was fork tender and too die for. Excellent gumbo.I'm not usually a shrimp person, but the BBQ shrimp here were absolutely incredible. The hot sausage po boy was also delicious, as well as the the cheddar-jalapeño grits that the chef sent out. Prices were good and I highly recommend!For our first night in NOLA the food was good and a huge serving, we ordered the seafood platter, and a side of gumbo, we requested tartar sauce to dip the catfish. It was more than enough for two people to share, we ended up taking a to-go box. It's a small restaurant, with one server and a girl behind the bar. The waitress was tried up with other customers and didn't come back to check on us for a refill our drinks or to bring us the check, the girl working the bar took noticed and came to help out.Placed was packed. Ok so a little bit of wait, but that's to be expected. The food was very good and priced well. The service as super friendly.Food was great.  Try the BBQ Shrimp.  The 15.00 rib eye was amazing!   The biggest attraction was the Lovely Molly.  She was funny and personable.  She's also Smokin' Hot!  Told ya l would write you a good review Molly.This is my first time in New Orleans we came to here for dinner and it Let all my expectaion and more it was so good. We had half of the gumbo as a appetizer and The chicken tenders with fries my boyfriend had the special. The waitress Maria was the sweetest waitress we have ever had. If I could give this restaurant a 10 I would.Ate here last night with my family of 5 and we all really enjoyed it.  We ordered Bbq shrimp, BLT, shrimp po' boy, swamp fries, 2 buffalo shrimp meals and gumbo.  The food is good, everything is about $10 each (and the portions are very large)and the beers are cheap.  Only surprise to us was how tiny the place is, only like 6 tables total and the bar (which is where we sat) and there are no kids meals.  Everyone was really friendly, our server was very personable and helpful.  It was a very busy night for them but we still felt very taken care of.Tiny little place, but the food is Amazing! And the prices are reasonable! Try the soups and the ribeyeThe fried shrimp platter was hot, fresh, and delicious. Service was prompt and friendly and came quickly. Very reasonably priced food and some of the better (actually probably best) food I've had in New Orleans so far.Great steak at great prices! small place but really comfortable and friendly. Staff was great , Maria and Mali were great!I tried the corn and crab soup and the grilled shrimp Po-Boy. Absolutely great food and a cute little restaurant. I would totally go there again everytime I feel like seafood.I found this place via Yelp. When I got there and looked through the windows, there were just two customers, so I was a little worried it might be another tourist trap. After hesitating a while, I decided it to give it a try and ordered BBQ Shrimp and Shrimp Po-Boy.  I am glad I tried. Both were very good, packed with big shrimps. The sauce for the BBQ shrimp had dried pepper. The flavor was excellent.
The waitress was also quite friendly. The only downside is that one chef prepares all so it can be a bit slow, but this is NOLA after all...Went here for lunch on a whim.  Our waitress was Molly and just had the MOST wonderful experience and food...of many many trips to New Orleans...this stands out as one of the BEST meals.  Cannot recommend this little gem enough!  
Molly's suggestions were spot on, fast and smiling service...will be sure to return again!
Excellent!!!What a nice place for lunch! I had to wait in line for a few minutes, but it wasn't too bad of a wait. I had the grilled shrimp po boy. The grilled shrimp was well seasoned and yummy. I sort of wish I'd gotten the grilled fish entree and skipped that bread, since I also got an order of garlic bread (so good!). But I really enjoyed it all, and appreciated the close proximity to the convention center.Exquisite. We ordered nothing but appetizers and walked away stuffed and happy! Swamp fries were meaty with just enough of a spices bite. Fried artichoke hearts... never tasted before... were fried to perfection and served with a sweet marinara sauce. We dipped them in our huge bowl of crab and corn soup and it was even better. The soup - to die for. A perfectly balanced delicacy. The BBQ shrimp NOLA style, are not anything like the BBQ you would find in a smokehouse, but rather, butter, garlic, other mild Cajun spices, lemon ... pan sautéed. Delicious. These are jumbo+ shrimp with heads on. Be ready to dig in!Good place for some quick seafood if you're in the Warehouse District/ convention center area. 
We popped in before heading out for the evening because I saw raves about the BBQ boiled shrimp and they were right! I don't know if I'd call the flavoring BBQ exactly but it was excellent, esp soaked in the bread that came with it.  
Paired it with a couple bowls of $7 seafood gumbo and we were ready to roll without spending a ton. 
Place is small, with only 5-6 tables and some bar stools. Clean with a big window into the kitchen. Definitely would go back!Damn that was a good shrimp po boy! Go off the beaten path and check this local place out. So much good food in NOLA. Bring your appetite because they have 'Merican sized portions! Nothing fancy here, just good eats!  Of course they have amazing gumbo too...it's NOLA! Worth your time to check it out!Ate there 3 times in a week. Working near the convention center, everything was touristy and expensive. Could get a good meal for $10 that included a salad and fried shrimp. The salad was fresh. The shrimp were great. Tried the steak one night with a side salad. It was a lot of food. 
People were friendly, and it is close to all of the hotels, but there were no fake cowboys or frat boys in docksiders, just workers, police officers, locals and the odd lucky tourist.The food was fresh and hot and the barbecue shrimp is to die for.  The burgers were mouthwatering!!!! The chicken tenders were incredible plus the beers were ice cold and well priced. But above all was the service.  Some of the best service we have had in any restaurant....they treated us like family.  What more can you ask for?  Definently coming back.Best food we had in New Orleans (and I am very picky with my food). We had the ribeye (a la carte, ~12 oz for $15 only). Most other stuffs on the lunch menu are a very reasonable $10. We also had the corned crabmeat soup (not as good), the grilled chicken Po Boy, grilled shrimp and hamburger. 
Service on the other hand was bad. Food took forever to come despite it was the tail end of lunch without a lot of customers. We had to ask the waitress for water, utensils and you name it. She was more interested in talking to her friends then serving us. 
Despite the poor service I still give them a 5 stars as the food, especially the steak, was that good. Good food always trump mediocre service.The barbeque shrimp is amazing! I could (and did) dip everything in the sauce! Really that good! The ribeye is also really good- very tender, actually cooked rare, and a great price!I love New Orleans. This visit we had a few hits and misses with meals. On our last night I decided to go back to the roots of this great city and find a small place with great food. Diamond Street met that goal. 
We had several apps and a couple of entrees that were a real hit. The bbq shrimp app is a must try. Jumbo head-on prawns with great flavor. It's a huge portion so there's room to share. 
We also had the crab and corn chowder and the chicken gumbo. Both were large servings and had good well planned taste. 
I must give them a huge kudo for delivering this awesome meal even though we were the last diners of the night.Im so happy I found this place. This was the first cajun food I had in Louisiana and it totally exceeded my expectations. Normally when someone talks something up so much it falls flat but this just blew me away. I have never had better fried shrimp. It was the perfect breading to shrimp ratio and the dipping sauces were wonderful. And it was priced so well! We got two full entries, an appetizer, and drinks for only 33 bucks. I cannot wait to come back.Not gonna lie, I was initially coming for the amazing deal on the $15 ribeye, but we ordered the bbq shrimp, swamp fries, etoufee, ribeye, and corn and crab chowder.  Needless to say, we were blown away.  This is honestly a hidden gem in NOLA, amazing service, great staff, even more amazing chef.  Honesty the food was out of this world.  Come try it guys, you won't regret it. This beats most talked about places in the area if I'm being honest.After wandering around a bit u sure where to eat after a Convention  I came across  this place it small 6 tables I sat at the bar and the Bartender suggest her Aunt had made a Chicken and Sausage Gumbo.  So I went for it and ordered a shrimp po boy.  . it was just as awesome  as she had said it would be.   the shrimp po boy u could choose fried or grilled.  I chose grilled My only complaint was the seasoning  I. the fried batter was a bit to salty for me all and all the food, staff, location, comfortable feeling of the joint out weighed the salt and that could have been just my taste buds definitely check it outWow.  Led here by Yelp, and my expectations were exceeded.  I went with the trademark of my people - Shrimp Po Boy.  Delectably dressed in mayo, lettuce,  tomato and huge portion of fried shrimp, it was definitely filling.  And the price was great!Great food at a nice, comfortable, and friendly place!  The grilled shrimp were amazingly tender and flavorful.  The salad was nice baby greens, ripe grape tomatoes and seasoned croutons.
And then there are the Swamp Fries.  O.M.G.!  Fries covered with bits of roast beef in gravy with cheese sauce on top.  I almost couldn't stop eating them.
I highly recommend this great little eatery.I've been visiting New Orleans for several days on a business trip.  I always hate eating meals in hotels and look for someplace that is more of a "locals" choice.  My first night in town, I happened on Diamond Street Bar & Grill and gave it a shot for dinner.
I couldn't have made a better decision.  The staff welcomed me warmly, especially Maria just as if I was family and were incredibly attentive.
The seafood gumbo that I had as an appetizer was amazing - there was a bit of something different and delicious in every single bite and my fried shrimp was great.
I enjoyed it so much that I went back on another evening, taking along a co-worker.  I had one of the best Rib Eye steaks that I've ever eaten, perfectly cooked and seasoned and piping hot.  The service was equally welcoming on my 2nd try and in fact the staff remembered my name from the previous visit. 
If you're in the Convention Center area of New Orleans (or close by) you should give them a try.Walked in on a Sunday afternoon, drank 4 beers at the bar while listening to gossipy 20 something employees talk about their personal issues. Walked out and went next door to Howlin' Wolf. Much better atmosphere and menu than Diamond!! Owner needs to get a clue!Clean and friendly atmosphere as soon as you walk in. Nice cute decor. Definitely a hidden gem. Amazing fried shrimp! Sherry our waitress along w the other staff were ridiculously friendly and awesome. Will be coming back again when in Nola!Had a gumbo and beer lunch on day one of my visit here that brought me back to life after a long travel and work morning. Had a conference lunch here that was among the slowest service experiences I've had. So I'll take the average and give this place three stars. The gumbo is really good and they have cheap beer.Enjoyed shrimp and hot sausage po-boys in this small caffe this afternoon. Excellent sandwiches, fast service. Close to Mardi Gras World, so a convenient lunch stop. Four stars and not five because of how high the food standards have been set in NOLA, but would definitely come again.First time in New Orleans and I must say wow! Shrimp po boy here is amazing! Service is great . Food is awesome , and even the owners are great . Actually care about ur drinks and food . This place needs to be recognized more ! Highly recommend this place .Had a great dinner at Diamond Street. The place is small and cozy. Our server Maria took such great care of us. It was like having dinner at your favorite Aunt's house. We started with the BBQ shrimp which was a huge portion and probably our favorite. I had a ribeye cooked perfectly and my husband had the etouffee. Really high quality food especially considering the price.Great food for little $$. Walked in on a Friday evening and the place was empty.  We were stumped as the food was great.  2 gumbos, 2 ribeyes, swamp fries, fried shrimp for 4 people - we were all stuffed when we left with a to-go box.  We'll go back the next time we're in NOLA.  There was a great beer list and the bloody mary was yummy.  Go here - you won't regret it.  Great value compared to most restaurants in the area.AMAZING food and service ! Maria was very attentive and brought laughs around the table ! The portions are huge you'll need a 2nd stomach !Traveling through New Orleans, looking for affordable family friendly southern eats. Diamond Street did not disappoint! We were immediate greeted, seated, offered drinks, and recommendations on appetizers   The deep fried artichoke hearts were delish! Maria waited on us and was an attentive delight throughout our visit. We had Po boys (shrimp and oyster) seafood platter ( enough for 2 or a teenage boy) and catfish. So glad we came!Good cheap food. Not a very big menu but they're good at what they have. BBQ shrimp are a little messy but they're worth the work. The poutine fries are on point! We'll be back on our next visit.Disclaimer, this is the first time I've been to New Orleans...so here goes I  picked this place based on the Yelp reviews. It is pretty small,  had about 7 tables and a small bar. Wait staff was friendly,  and food was served quickly.
 I had swamp fries and seafood gumbo. The fries were good would have been nice and crispy except for the cheese sauce. They were better than average, but had a little to much cheese sauce for me, but the roast beef was delish.
The gumbo was good just a hint of spice,  I would assume mild for New Orleans. I expected it to have more seafood, but the fresh parsley added a really good touch.
Overall I was satisfied and the food was good, tbh I expected it to be a little better. I would come back to try the po boys and the bar prices were really good.Great Food - Great Value - Great Service!
Kinda small but  - You Will Love itAmazing. Maria is the bomb! Molly, the whole team! Best home cooking. The fries with cheese and beef debris! Fried artichoke hearts! Po Boys!!! Burger. SO AMAZING! Service is top notch.This place was within walking distance of our hotel. We stopped in for lunch on a Thursday afternoon. There were a few people sitting outside when we arrived but totally empty in the inside. So I didn't know what to expect. After we started eating more people started to walk in.
We tried the shrimp po' boy - 5/5! Delicious! Believe the hype! Try it!
Side of fries - 4/5. Crispy and tasty.
Stuffed bell pepper special with greenbean casserole - 3.5/5. The stuffed pepper was pretty tasty. Casserole side was just ok. 
Gumbo - 3/5. Was ok. Nothing special.
Grilled chicken salad - 4/5. The chicken was very well seasoned.
Someone had the bbq shrimp at the table next to us and they looked really food. I would try those the next time I went.
The staff was nice and pleasant. If not for anything else, though, go for the po' boy!Services was a little slow walking in, but they sat us down and git us some drinks. Great service from there on out, also brought us some swamp fries in the house!Best steak I've had in a LONG time!  I'm talking about this ribeye is better than some fancy restaurants!  My friend also ordered the fried artichoke as an appetizer, which I thought was odd, but it was actually pretty good.  The 4 of us split 2 ribeyes with 2 loaded potatoes and we even commented that the 4 of us could have split 1 rib eye with 3 potatoes- that steak was amazing.  We WILL be back next time we are in NOLA!The BBQ shrimp at this place are the best I have ever had. The portions are enormous, cooked to perfection and the price can't be beat.Servers where easily flustered when they. got bizzy , where very unprofessional , and brought things out 1thing at a time(i want to eat with my friends/family. not watch them eat). Don't go if you have a time limit everyone is slow even the kitchen staff ordered my food at 12:05 waited till 12:50 , When I asked about it they said they would push our order to the front. It opened at 12:00 we were the second group to walk in and put our order in . So needless to say I went hungry that day .Stopped here for a quick lunch while working at the convention center.  Our waitress was super friendly with that charming New Orleans drawl and familiarity that I love so much.  We had a few questions about the menu, which she answered enthusiastically.  I had the French Fried Potato Po Boy on her recommendation as it is the "original" po boy.  My colleague had the grilled shrimp po boy.  My sandwich was AMAZING.  If you are thinking that French fries on a sandwich with gravy (debris) and mayo and lettuce & tomatoes sounds weird, take my word for it....it is NOT.  It was literally one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  The gravy/debris has a good amount of roast beef shreds and pieces in it which made me feel a little less guilty for eating a carb on carb meal.  It was outstanding, the service was great, fast and the right price.  I will definitely go back next time I'm in town for work!A local place close to my hotel, I went here for convenience.  The food was good and reasonably priced and the service friendly. I had a Shrimp Po' Boy which was made on garlic bread; nice touch. They had some good specials like Shrimp Creole-$10 and they had fried artichokes on the menu which is something you don't often see. For a good, quick, and convenient meal I would recommend this restaurant without hesitation.Quaint, surprising, food was very good, service was sound and will return when visiting NOLA again. We were a touch late and missed out on a couple of menu items that other patrons lucked out on.I am from California and I here on military duty and decided to walk around and find a place to eat. I am came across this place and I was so happy after the meal!!! Extremely nice, great service and amazing food. Thank you Maria!Shrimp po boy was ok , the bread was way to hard to be served as a po boy . Customer service was great thought , so I guess it balances out right ?Really great food and friendly, helpful staff! We tried the swamp fries and they were delicious! Portion sizes are very large-you can easily share a sandwich with someone and maybe order a couple sides or an appetizer and guaranteed, you will leave feeling full! Maria was our server and she was awesome!Intimate setting but limited seating. We sat at the bar and were served by some very hard-working employees. Our meal was superb - grilled shrimp and a very fresh side salad. Friendly staff, great meal, reasonable price.Stumbled across this place on Yelp a while back, but never had the chance to go. I'm so glad I finally did though because it's pretty amazing!! HUGE portions (and I'm used to eating..A LOT for this little body of mine!) Very decently priced for what you get. 
Swamp fries: We ordered this as an appetizer and it was great to share! Comes out piping hot and covered with delicious gravy and roast beef.
Rib eye steak: We ordered 2 and they were very good for just $15 each. It doesn't come with sides, but I didn't mind. Usually would use A1 sauce on the table if the steak was bad, but none was needed in this case. It was perfectly seasoned and JUICY.
Crawfish étouffée: Delish! Perfectly seasoned. The garlic bread that came with it was also really yummy.
Shrimp and catfish platter: WOW is all I have to say. Really big serving (yeah yeah, you get the idea. Everything was huge!) Comes with fries on a bed of greens. Served with tartar sauce and horseradish ketchup?? (Not entirely sure, but that ketchup was amazing)
Great little hole in the wall type of place! Love the art pieces on the walls. The kitchen has a glass that you can see through, which is great!
I've been recommending this place to several friends already. Can't say enough great things about it. Service was excellent as well.What a great find and you can't beat a $15 Ribeye! Although ala Carte still a great price! And it was AMAZING!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned! Loved this cute little quaint gem outside of all the craziness!!The food was absolutely amazing. So good, we had to come back a second time. We had the BBQ shrimp, fried shrimp po boy, corn and crab chowder, and garlic bread. Everything was fresh and made from scratch. All that food plus one soda and one beer for only $40!Oh man what can I say that hasn't been said about this restaurant' well while on vacation in New Orleans this restaurant is very easy to find and was only 2 blocks away from my hotel. First off let me start by saying the restaurant is small but their food packed a big punch, I ordered the buffalo chicken with a side of swamp fries. The chicken was perfect not too spicy and was crispy the swamp fries are awesome i loved them they were so good I ordered another to go if you are in the area I highly recommend to eat hereWe stopped in because it was close to our hotel. We met two regulars who helped give us a lay of the land. The servers were very friendly, and it's affordable. We ordered red beans and rice and a shrimp po' boy. Both were home runs.Excellent food, warm and friendly service, and big portions for a good price.  The etouffe, BBQ shrimp, and seafood and okra gumbo were all really good.We are from Los Angeles and this is our first time in New Orleans. This is hands down the best meal we had so far. I recommend this to whomever is in town to go. Its in the warehouse District and I will bet my last dollar it will give and place in the French Quarter a run for its money.great local food and nice quiet joint!Chose this small place based on Yelp reviews. The reviews were very helpful.
We went on Sunday evening , the last night of French Quarter Fest. We had just arrived in town, didn't know about the festival, so we're unprepared for how busy the restaurants would be. We made a good choice though!!!
There were only two waitresses and they were working SO hard!! Our waitress Maria seemed like the boss. She was keeping it moving....handling the bar and tables!!! There are only about 8-10 tables and about 10 seats at the bar, but the place was slammed!!
We were delighted with what we ordered.
I had read Erin D's review and she was spot on!!! Absolutely delicious gumbo!!!! 
And the Barbequed Shrimp was fabulous!!! Read Erin D's review....she says it better than I do!!!
But if you are looking for great food, and don't need fancy or something with loads of ambience....definitely check this gem!!!!Todd D a co worker recommended we 
Try Diamond street Grill for lunch.
There where 4 in our party.
I had the ribeye steak it was huge .
I took the rest home for dinner.
It truly was the best steak I ever had from 
The way it was prepared to the seasoning
& extremely  juice.
The others in our party had shrimp po boys one fried one grilled they where
Extremely satisfied with there food as well. Thanks Todd for the recommendation.
Diamond street Grill your awesome
Thanks .
Herman.DThis place is absolutely a must do!! The amount of food for a very reasonable price is out standing!!!The staff was very friendly. EAT UP people Shrimp po boy-,Swamp fries,and red beans and rice with garlic bread are all a must!Food was ok. We had a group of 4 and all of our food came out at different times which was weird. The waitress said they just bring it as it gets done. Most likely will not return to this establishment.Went here during our vacation after reading some great reviews and so happy we found it! Nice waitress, clean and well-kept restaurant and amazing food! My husband had ribs that were fall-of-the-bone tender and flavorful. I had the fried shrimp and they were delicious! The swamp fries were also great! Big portions, too!Nice people, great food, great prices!! Must try the Swamp fries!! Not too big of a place so you might have to settle for the bar area, but overall had a great experience!!I guess I expected too much. For my first time in New Orleans I was expecting the "poboy experience"  that everyone talks about. My brother liked their fries, my husband didn't and I didn't think they were anything special. Also, their beer selection was down to three different types(all bottled). We were all excited to eat food since it has such great reviews, but here comes the serious let down. My shrimp poboy came out with mayo (after I asked for it without), the waitress was nice about it and fixed it. Other then that, I guess my brother and I were expecting them to be warm. My "grilled shrimp" was fridge cold without any grill marks and my brothers "turkey" was like deli meat. My husband has the smoked sausage and he said his was warm. Have to say I'm disappointed. For $50 I'm sad I didn't love this place like I hoped to.Diamond Bar and Grill gets a 5 Star rating from me. On my 1st visit, I had the crawfish etouffee, the best I had in a long time since my Granny passed away 6 years ago. On my 2nd visit, I had the fried shrimp and salad w/ balsamic vinaigrette, it was delici-o-so! The quiet, out of the way GEM, has excellent food, great drinks and courteous wait staff (Ms. Maria); it makes for an great place to dine. 2 times in 1 visit, deserves a stop by for all touring the New Orleans Warehouse District! #ILoveNewOrleansAMAZING. We found this place on yelp and decided to try it out for our first meal in NOLA. We started with the Swamp Fries and the debris was rich and flavorful and the cheese sauce was warm and gooey and so good. I had to use serious restraint to keep from licking the dish when the fries were gone. For my meal I had the hot sausage Po Boy and my Husband had the fried shrimp Po Boy and both were wonderful. The Po Boys are enormous and only $10 each!! The hot sausage was a little spicy but not melt your face off and it was perfect with the toppings. My husband reluctantly let me try a bite of the fried shrimp Po Boy and it was great too. The shrimp were big and crispy and and so tender. You can't go wrong with either one. I also got to taste the gumbo and it was perfect! This place was just so awesome. I'm so full and so happy!Assume meal.  In this case Yelp ratings are justified or maybe LOW.   I had the best Gumbo I've ever had and I travel to New Orleans a few times a year.   This is truly the real deal.  You could almost make a meal of it.   A also had the ribeye.   What a steak!!! Large cooked and seasoned perfectly.  It was served with grilled cheesy bread and corn fritters.  I couldn't finish it all.  And the price was extremely reasonable - $24.  Probably will go back for dinner tonight.
Well I returned to the scene of the meal for dinner again.  I'm happy to report I wasn't disappointed.  I had the onion rings that were great.  The coating was attached to the onion like it's supposed to be.  When you took a bite out of one the rest of the onion didn't slide out like others.  I also had the BBQ shrimp.  Very good!   Huge shrimp.  I mean a dozen of three or four bite size.  Served with begets to sop up the Cajun broth.   Could easily be a meal!!Great local place! Had a fried shrimp po'boy which was Delicious and the portions are huge. Great fries as well. The staff is friendly and service was quick. Would highly recommend!This place is my favorite go to place when I need a quiet friendly place to eat. The Swamp fries are the truth!!Very good crab and corn chowder..... nice with a bit of spice and convenient walk from the hotels near the convention centerI rarely write reviews, but this is an absolutely lovely place with delicious food! Maria was amazing and the true essence of Southern hospitality! Definitely recommend this place for a genuine NOLA experience!I would give this place 2 thumbs up. I ordered the fried shrimp. They were very good. Not greasy and I thought, for the price, the portion size was good.Great food with large portions! Maria was an amazing server. The shrimp po boy and swamp fries are delicious! Definitely worth a visit!Great food + exceptional service. My girlfriend and I ordered 2 grilled chicken salads and split a fried shrimp po boy. It came to about $40 and that was tax included. Maria was our server and an older, VERY sweet lady who name slips my mind. If your on the fence go for it!!! A+ Highly Recommended.My friends and I came here because almost every restaurant was booked because of the sugar bowl game and the fact that it was New Year's Day. We weren't disappointed with the restaurant at all!
This place is very laid back and is great to grab a bite with a friend. Limited menu, but has all the food that you would want to try when visiting New Orleans! I got the shrimp po boy (fried) and was very happy with the amount of shrimp they laid on. The bread they used was also quite tasty. The sandwich was $10, but was huge and filled me up. 
The waitress was very sweet and we enjoyed our trip here after having trouble finding a restaurant that wasn't booked on a busy weekend.The gumbo was perfect. The New Orleans decor was nice. The swamp fries may be a little over rated. Then again, I'm from Texas and cheese fries aren't really a rarity. They were good but not necessarily a must. The bbq shrimp were a bit tough to peel but do taste good. I'd like to rate 5 stars for the gumbo alone but our waitress's lack of enthusiasm just won't let me do that.  If I'm ever in the area I'd return for the gumbo for sure.Eat where the locals eat, that is exactly what I was looking for today. Even though the interior does not scream Nawlins, the menu surely does. The menu is limited, will not break the bank and is more reminds me of street food. We got there around 6:30 pm and were the only customers. Even though it was empty, I still wanted to give this place a try and I'm glad that I did. 
We ordered the swamp fries as a starter and all I can say is "oh my god that is just not right!" Crispy fries are topped with pot roast in gravy and cheese. The gravy was seasoned to perfection and the fries were nice and creamy on the inside. For the entree, we ordered a Smoked sausage Po'boy with Mayo and Tomato. 
The French bread had a good crunch without compromising the soft inside. The smoked sausage had a nice char on it, which gave it a nice bite and too my surprise it was not salty at all. 
Pricing on beer is great. Most beers are $3.50 and I had a Stella. 
Our server was great and even gave me a Red "to go" cup so I could take the rest of my beer with me. 
If you're looking for more than just simple food, you may want to go else where.This is a nice little hidden gem. After reading all of the great reviews I had expected a large restaurant filled with bodies with plenty of seating left. When I walked in I found a small and nearly empty restaurant which took me by surprise. 
Their food is affordable and tasty! I ordered the shrimp po'boy and the seafood gumbo. Both were delicious! My eyes were bigger than my stomach. I had a feast in front of me and I couldn't even finish half of it but it was definitely worth the price!Po Bo says New Orleans. This shrimp po bo here was flavorful  and the shrimp was fresh. The bread was soft but the shrimp was crispy with just the right spice. The sauce made this po bo stand out from the rest. Make sure you get it fully dressed. Try the swamp fries too great appetizers.This place was outstanding.. this was the best shrimp po boy I've ever had in New Orleans and I've been to New Orleans a number of times my wife had catfish over rice with etouffee smothered over the top I forgot the name of the dish but she said the same thing it was outstanding you get large portions and the price is rightOh my sexual prowess, when in NOLA you MUST MUST MUST come here! Rumor has it, the owner owns the Ruth Chris steakhouse in town and this is his personal hangout and bar, the same meats though. I tried the 22 OZ ribeye for 15 Bucks, yes 60 Quarters. Dudes and Dudettes....wow, this is meat at its finest, meat you want in your mouth, to slap your cheek, to put in you! YUMMM, best steak in a wjile and the shrimp at 10 is the freshest best you can get. My tab was 45 bucks for a FEAST. It is a must in NOLA. This is meat you will go down on for a long time, meat you wanna marry., FK it was good. My new NOLA spot!We had great service.   Gumbo was delicious.  Couldn't stop eating swamp fries.   Four of us and we had a variety of selections from menu to taste. Two $15 ribeyes were cooked to perfection...  And the gave us a third steak for free!   Not sure why but munchies for later.  We recommend checking this place out.This small bar and grill serves terrific, inexpensive homestyle food.  We had a daily special of stuffed bell peppers (each stuffed with rice, ground beef, wonderful spices, 5 SHRIMP!!!, and topped with parmesan cheese.  It was grilled so the cheese melted and browned creating a delicious topping.  It came with a 'side' dish that was enough for a meal in itself - butter beans, served in a hearty soup with rice and home smoked ham.   We also shared an appetizer of fried artichoke hearts (delicious) and friend mozzarella.  The waitress also brought us several slices of home smoked ham and told us we should try it.  It was GREAT!
2 specials, 2 appetizers, and a freebie of smoked ham.  All for 27 bucks!  Go there.  No lines, and I don't know why.Small place, decent pub food.  I arrived at clearly a busy time and had to eventually ask about seating.  Once I got a table, wait staff was very attentive.  I went with the grilled shrimp po boy on staff recommendation.  Way more than I needed for one meal.  Roll was delicious.They have amazing food. Try the Shrimp Po Po. Grilled for a healthier meal. Great service as well a quick walk from the convention center.When I want a good shrimp poboy, this is where I go! The shrimp is seasoned perfectly and the bread is the perfect balance of crispy on the outside and somewhat soft in the middle. The swamp fries are good, but after having them twice, I've decided I prefer the regular fry with ketchup. I haven't ventured beyond the shrimp poboy bc it's just so good!After reading positive reviews on this place, we decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint. Maria greeted us warmly when we walked in the door. We felt like family in this neighborhood restaurant. Amazing service and yummy food. Big portions. Sharing is a good thing. Thanks Maria for your smile, your laugh and your attentive service. We'll definitely be back!Awesome awesome fried shrimp po boy! I loved this place not only bc the food was killer but because you can't beat the prices either! 
Shared the po boy, seafood gumbo, and swamp fries with my boyfriend (who's like a garbage disposal) and we were both very full by the end. 
The seafood gumbo was full of flavor, probably the best or one of the best I've had in Nola and was only $7 for a huge bowl of it. Same with the po boy. Better than parkway's! And was massive for $10. Swamp fries were good but next time I come I'll probably pass on those. Just some gravy and cheese on some fries. But man, that po boy and gumbo is what will keep calling me back!Love this place. Went there for a late lunch. Not crowded which was nice as we got seated and served. Got the swamp fries as a starter. Absolutely delicious!  Wife and split the fried shrimp poboy as we learned from our first time that they are way too big not to share...if you get the appetizer. Definitely going back next time in town.Decided to do here for dinner (friends and I were on vacation). The aesthetic was okay. Small restaurant but the tables were huge. It was a little chilly inside so I often kept putting my jacket back on. 
We went inside to see if we needed to make a reservation and we did not. The waitress was a little rude (had a slight attitude). As for the food it was really good. Was craving seafood for a long time and it satisfied my appetite. The drinks were also great. The price is decent too. Definitely a bar food type of place, not a full course type of meal.Excellent! The grilled shrimp po boy and BBQ shrimp appetizer were great. The prices are also very reasonable for the portions. I think the BBQ shrimp can be a meal in itself lol. Highly recommend this place!Southern hospitality and inexpensive, but delicious food. This was my first stop in NOLA and it was a great introduction! Gumbo was good and the shrimp on the poboy were really perfectly fried.I had the fried shrimp Po Boy and their red beans and rice. The po boy was outstanding and the red beans and rice was amazing. The red beans and rice was so good I came back the next day to have more. The prices are incredibly reasonable! Highly recommended.I'd give this place five stars if they had beer on tap because the food is awesome!  We found this place as it was close to our hotel so had walked by it a few times before finally stopping in.  We were finally tempted to go in from the sidewalk sign that read its special of jambalaya for 10 bucks.  Although the food is more on the cheaper side for a restaurant, do not think it correlates to the standard of their food because it's well-deserving of more money.  I had the Shrimp Etoufee, which was sooo creamy, flavorful and delicious, and I believe it was about 10 bucks.  It came in a big bowl, too, which easily filled me up.  
The bar is really small, as its pretty much a square corner of the place, so the alcohol situation isn't the best.  As I mentioned before there is no beer on tap, and the bottled beers they do serve aren't crafts.  My boyfriend tried their red house wine, which he mentioned was not the best, but a notch above cooking red wine.  There is a small TV though at the bar, which played Thursday Night Football when we were there.  If you sit at the dining area though you won't be able to see the TV as clear though.  But, the food is the worth a visit.This place was two block from my hotel. Food is excellent with large portions. I got the Shrimp Po boy! Highly recommend!Staying at the Hyatt Place Convention CTR- the Resturant is a short block or so around the corner. Reviews are good. Cause the food and wait staff are amazing. Had  the Bbq shrimp- holy mole grande succulent shrimp. Yes they have heads and tails. Shared a mufaletta - delicious and very generous. great service- quaint ! Definitely one to come back too.Super low key yummy restaurant. We got really tired from touring the city for a whole day and we wanted a super low key restaurant. And this place is it. What we didn't expect is the food and drinks to be so cheap and so yummy in comparison. Amazing gumbo and the loaded fries were so good and hearty. I deff reccomended it for off the beaten path yummy bite.Fabulous food, great service awesome price, huge portions, hoping to go back tomorrow and within quick walking distance from convention centerI had the hot sausage poboy, the bread was excellent and crusty, but the sausage was nothing to write home about.  The fries are excellent.  
The grilled chicken salad was great as well, the chicken grilled and seasoned just right.Great food great staff
Haft the ribeye wit green beans probably one of the best I've ever had and I have them in the best steak houses ...price for the rib eye $15
I had to try the crab corn chowder ... so glad I did...incredible
You have to visit this gem
I am here until Tuesday and will visit the diamond several more timesGreat food + exceptional service. My girlfriend and I ordered 2 grilled chicken salads and split a fried shrimp po boy. It came to about $40 and that was tax included. Maria was our server and an older, VERY sweet lady who name slips my mind. If your on the fence go for it!!! A+ Highly Recommended.Visiting New Orleans for my bff's birthday and wanted an AMAZING shrimp poboy and found this great place. This poboy is so big it's doesn't come work fries but it's worth it because it was sooo delicious: shrimp battered just enough and bread nice and toasted. Maria was our service and she was such a nice, helping person, so make sure you check this place out right on S. Peters St. walking distance from our hotel too!!We went here from the yelp reviews, and the food was great! The service, however, was abysmal. I would have given 4 stars for food and negative 1 star for service, so it evens out at 2. The BBQ shrimp are peel and eat (doesn't say that on the menu), but were delicious. Also got the gumbo, and it was very good too. Again, the service experience was just so bad I would not go back, but the food was good.What a cool little place in an out of the way location. Great friendly service. I had the buffalo shrimp and they were a huge portion lightly breaded and perfectly cooked. A nice side salad accompanied it. Great prices as well!This is a family joint. That's important to know. In the end it tells you a lot. And it is REALLY SMALL. The food is tasty, the portions ample, the price extremely fair. But it is small and the menu is quite limited. "Mom" is real sweet but she and her girl are not trained wait staff. The food will come out when it is ready, probably not all at the same time, but you will like it when it does. Similarly, you will get your menu, table setting, etc. when they get to you. But it's not personal. I am guessing they are still working bugs out; but maybe that's their style. There was a steady flow of people for the 8-10 tables they have. Hopefully that continues.Our first restaurant stop in New Orleans because it was highly rated and close to our hotel. We had the swamp fries, roast beef po boy, and chicken po boy. Man did this place get me hooked on po boys! The bread was fluffy and delicious on the inside and crusty on the outside. This things are huge!!! I only finished half my sandwich because it was so big and the swamp fries were also a huge serving. This place was a nice start to the trip!