The service was a bit subpar but okay. The food portion is small and should be doubled or 1.5 to maintain the popularity. Also the bao flour needs to be worked on.Damn this was worth the wait! The hostess was so nice and accommodating. The service was great considering the short staff and how busy they were. The food was 10/10. So worth the wait! Reasonably priced too. My photos are crap because we couldn't wait to take a picture to dig in. My favorite item was the xiao long bao!They're new and have a few kinks to work out but the food is undeniably amazing. It's so nice to finally have a good dim sum place in New Orleans.Best authentic Asian food in Nola! Don't be in a rush if you go, they are new and they are swamped with peeps that want everything they have to offer! Went twice already this month and may have to go one more time before February ends. GET THE SNOW PEA TIPS!!! Bright fresh idea and you'll need a veggie to go with all the dumplinsNew restaurant alert!  Authentic Chinese food in Nola!  Parking isn't easy because it's in the quarters but it is worth it!  The spices and flavors were a party in my mouth.  Small plates that are shareable.  We started with the salt n pepper wings, basil popcorn shrimp and bok choy.  The hot n sour dumpling soup has cilantro, chili and delicious pork
Flavor.  Very reasonably priced.  Delivery is available only in the quarters.  Staff is very friendly.  BYOB...no liquor license yet.I was excited to try this new dim sum place and eagerly made the trek to the French Quarter today.  Unfortunately, I had a disappointing experience there. 
The place is pretty small so there was a 45 minute wait. They kindly took our number so they could call us when our table was ready. I believe we only waited about 30 minutes but that might be due to the problem they had in their kitchen. Apparently, something broke that rendered at least half the menu unavailable. The waiter was very apologetic and I certainly understand that these things happen. We ordered from what was available.
The food was . . . okay. It wasn't bad, certainly but it definitely didn't stand out as anything amazing. The pork bao and the shrimp bacon bites were pretty good. I liked the crepe but my boyfriend didn't. The basil chicken was ok but mostly breading. My boyfriend found it oddly sweet. The eggroll wasn't good. The food wasn't bad, just nothing I'd go out of my way to eat again.Xiaolong Bao New Orleans style! Quite impressed with the authenticity. Moved here from the east coast and have been in search of delicious Xiaolong Bao. Found it! Love the crab and crawfish Xiaolong Bao, of course the traditional pork is a must have as well. No wait. Reasonably priced. The service was excellent! Quick and attentive. Will be back for sure.be prepared to wait 45 minutes for your food....even on a slow tuesday with no line.... only got to eat 2 out of the 4 items we ordered and had to get the rest in a to go box to eat later.... was in there 1 1/2 hours... just trying to get a quick simple late lunch. You wouldn't think sauteed broccoli would take too long.... but it sure did...put it in a togo box. You wouldn't think that fried wontons would take forever... but they sure did.... another togo box....  Also, two weeks prior, I tried to place a phone order.... called 3x... phone rings forever and they never answered..... I've never experienced an Asian restaurant that wasn't super fast..... this place... super slow.... be prepared to wait and watch all the people around you doing the same thing you are.... twiddling their thumbs.... looking around and around.... and waiting....Loved this food! So much flavor, it felt really authentic. The cabbage was on point and the noodles were great! Service was kind and helpful. There are byob so plan accordingly!They may be small and very busy all the time but the wait is def. worth it, the staff is amazing and all the food options are to die for. Highly recommend.Pretty sure I already wrote a review. So lucky to have them in our neighborhood the food is just amazing.  Completely understand how they ran out of food not expecting the warm welcome they got.  Outstanding job keep it upWho would think that the best Chinese food is in New Orleans?! God bless this restaurant. A must is the salt and pepper pork chop it is to die for. The hot tea selection is great and their dim sum is excellent. I will definitely come back here when I'm in town.First time I try this place. It was a small cozy restaurant. The food is pretty good. However, I am only interested in the appetizers. All the entrees we got were kinda blank. It does not take long for the food. However, You may wanna do yourself a favor. Leave them your phone number and they will contact you once they have a table for you. I didnt know that at first that we had to wait for almost 1 hour.Try the sesame chicken, it's very good. Well priced great portioned Chinese restaurant in the French quarter. One of the best I have ever tried. Service is a bit long but it's well worth the wait!The food here is great! And the price is reasonable! The service blows though this is the first time in ages that I left a 0 tip every meal came out separate and it took forever for my moms soup to come she ended up eating my food and our side items and took the soup to go. The waitress never asked us if we needed anything or how the food was. I guess since it's foreigners they don't really careWhat a poor poor way to treat people!  Awful!  My daughter and her friends went and ordered with 5 people, when they got the bill there was an 18% "fee" automatically added.  They asked what the "fee" was for and no one seemed to know.  Someone said maybe it was because they had 5 people. As if the kids wouldn't tip? Oh, and there was still a line for them to add a tip. So randomly adding an unexplainable "fee" just because they are teenagers and afraid they wouldn't tip...not cool.  Oh, and they didn't have 1/2 the things they tried to order!The best Chinese food in the French Quarter.  This restaurant is fairly new but the food is amazing.  A must try is the crab and crawfish bao.We tried a bunch of small plates, soup dumplings, and a beef stew crepe. All amazing.The food was ok but the staff was very unprofessional. They make us wait for 45 mins, saying that another group is coming who have reservations, but that group never showed up. Moreover, the waitress was super rude and talked to us very arrogantly whenever we asked her about it.Coming from Los Angeles with an abundance of Chinese food, I was pleasantly surprised at the authenticity of this local spot. They use lots of spices and every dish was flavorful and delicious! Was so happy to have soup on a cold day, it really hit the spot after a few days of creole cuisine. Had cucumber salad, popcorn chicken, spicy wontons and beef jianbing. Would recommend every item and totally want come back to try the dumplings.  Hot buckwheat tea was also delicious!Best (only?) good real Chinese in the city. Pretty much every dish is amazing. Avoid the typical chinese american dishes (tso, honey chicken) because thats not what Dian Xin is aboutResiding from Gulfport, MS, I found this place on Yelp. So we had to try. They don't take reservations and a bit of a wait but well worth it. We tried their xiao long bao, shu mai, stir fried noodles in XO sauce, sautéed string beans with garlic, sizzling garlic shrimp, combo fried rice, pan fried pork dumplings, and pork riblets (sorry no picture). Everything was delicious however for me, the XLB was bland even with the sauce and ginger mix. Best XLB's ever can be found at Crystal Jade but that's in Hong Kong so Dian Xin will do for now. We'll definitely come back to try other menu items.The food is really good. It is fresh and authentic Chinese food.  There is always a wait so call ahead and put your name on the waiting list. It also takes a while for the good to come out. But it's worth the wait.We finally have a soup dumpling spot in Nola! Small intimate space and right now it's always busy but worth the wait. We came with a group of 4 which we thought was perfect for Sharing and seating Because there's not many. I heard this was the same owners as Little Chinatown in Kenner which I love! Love the picture menus but took one star off only because we ordered a bunch of stuff that wasn't put in which was a bummer and we wished the food came out more together rather than one by one and sporadic, but no worries because the food was good, so we'll be back and hopefully by then, it'll be worked out for a better experience. 
Food: 
- JIAN BING - first time having this and I really enjoyed the flavors and textures. (Like a crepe filled with whatever meat you want) We got the shrimp and it was battered and fried and balanced the sweetness of the sauce. There's also fried wonton inside for that crunch I crave.
- CRAB & CRAWFISH BAO - I actually prefer these over the pork xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Just be very mindful to not burn your mouth. Bite a pocket to release the steam. We had to ask for spoons to hold the soup in. They don't tell you how to mix the sauces for these but add a little soy and vinegar and some chili for dipping. 
- BASIL POPCORN CHICKEN - crispy and savory. Wish there was a spicy option 
- COMBO FRIED RICE - I usually don't care for fried rice but something about the flavor had me coming back for more! 
- SPICY WONTONS - my personal fave 
- STEAM PORK & CHIVE DUMPLING - mix some soy and chili for dipping. 
- SNOW PEAS W/ GARLIC - So simple but I LOVE Asian style veggies.Everything we ate was AH-Mazing Salt and Pepper squid was our favorite and everything we had was hone made and so tasty. We ate until couldn't any more then got some to go for dinner.....We have been to Dian Xin several times in a week sometimes, the food is AMAZING!  Not only is the food incredible, but the service rocks too, from the front of the house to the back.  Ms. Judy is the owner and is extremely personable and approachable, but she is BUSY.  I cannot recommend this place enough, be sure to plan for a wait as it is THE place in NOLA right now and the line forms outside the building.  I have no doubt that this restaurant will make your tummies VERY HAPPY!  Say hi to Bonnie while you are there.Each of the dishes I tried were good. Nothing really blew me away. I'm still looking for a good dim sum place in New Orleans and i don't think I've found it yet.  My favorite was probably the wontons with spicy sauce, it was the fish with the most flavor. You could tell each of the dumplings/dishes was hand made and good quality but there was just something lacking with this restaurant.Food is extremely delicious and hot served. But the space is kind of tight and there's always a wait even I have an appointment or not. Still love it and will come backThis is the best Chinese food I've had in New Orleans. This restaurant opened recently near my workplace and my coworkers and I must go here for lunch two or three times a week. The egg rolls, fried wontons, pork bao and chive cakes are my favorite appetizers and as for entrees, I'm partial to both the sesame and the honey chicken. They have delicious hot tea and matcha lava cakes for dessert as well and the staff are always friendly! A wonderful addition to lower Decatur street.Found this Chinese place - tasty!  Tried wonton soup, crawfish and crab XLB, chive cakes and green beans with garlic.  Delighted we found this gem.  Skins are clearly housemade - nicely chewy and not too thick.  Wonton soup was rich, mmm.  Chive cake was full of chives, which is not always the case; wish skin was a bit thinner but still yummy. I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area and this place stands up!  Heard this place just opened this year and the chef is originally from Hong Kong and used to run a like place in NYC.  Worth trying - I may come back on this same trip to try their noodles, which are likely housemade tooWe tried so many things, but my favorite was the Chinese crepe! Get it, it's unique but more importantly it is delicious. Savory and nicely seasoned.
We also tried the pork shumai but it was not remotely my favorite shumai. It had big mushroom chunks that I didn't enjoy at all and had a stronger shrimp flavor than I prefer. Also, no dipping sauce was brought and I do enjoy them with some kind of sauce rather than soy. 
We tried the pork bao and the bun had a good texture but it had an anise flavor that I didn't enjoy. However my husband loved them.
Next they brought out the chicken mozzarella balls which were like nothing I've ever had or seen. Imagine a chicken nugget in a crunchy panko coating, but then filled with a large chunk of mozzarella that melts during the frying process. Interesting sweet mayo dipping sauce that really made the dish.
Lastly they brought generals chicken which was some of the best we ever had. All white meat chicken, lightly battered with a pretty delicate General tso sauce. Didn't have any chemical overpowering taste like some varieties of this dish usually have. 
Service was fast, pleasant and helpful! Can't wait to be in the area to visit again and try more of the great dim sum and dishes!
Also they said they were getting their liquor license soon so expect amazing cocktails soon!The food really good. It is fresh and authentic Chinese food.  There is always a wait, so call ahead and put your name on the waiting list. It also takes a while for the food to come out. But it's worth the wait.  The hot and sour soup is amazing. They don't serve alcohol, but they allow you to bring drinks in.I am updating my first Review !! I was upset with the service here . The Owners must have been reading !! The Service has improved 100 percent . And the food as wonderful as ever !! The cabbage is great .The crepes are amazing . The bao is amazing . Dumpling are amazing . The hot and sour soup amazing . Umm what else .. The Bokchoy is so great . I've tried three of the crepes , shrimp,  chicken and beef as they are all great, my favorite is the beef . They are applying for their license to serve alcohol.Excellent Chinese dim sum. A bit loud but plenty of energetic staff to get the food out fast and hot.Went here with a group of 7 friends on a Saturday night and we loved the place. The wonton spicy sauce was our favorite but everything was great. The staff were super friendly, helpful and charming. Can't wait to go back!The food is fantastic, and so are the staff. People complaining about wait time are clearly missing that 'to go' is an option, and that any place that's excellent is typically going to be packed, no matter how big. I've been eating here about weekly since they opened, and it's consistently excellent.Love dumplings? Jianbing and all around super tasty Chinese.. this place is top shelf on all fronts. If I eat soup dumplings for a living and the crabmeat/crawfish dumplings are amaze balls and the jiambing is delicious as well.The food here was so amazing! Everyone was so nice and welcoming. The waitress we had was very helpful and consistent. I had the wonton with spicy sauce and honey chicken. And wow! The flavor was just amazing... This was one spot that I was glad I came across. Such a cute little place as well.So I have to start off by saying that my entire elite food experience that I was waiting for did not come from the traditional creole restaurants. 
It came from here. The restaurant is new, small and a simple hole in the wall- with about 15 tables. 
When we arrived were told 45 minutes wait- we weren't daunted- we put our names down and took a stroll around town.
About 20 mins later we arrived back to see where we ascended to on the wait list- bad news the host accidentally crossed our names off to - good news the table was ready so we were seated immediately and apologized to.
We ordered the crab and crawfish Bao, at first I was apprehensive but it rocked my entire world ! 
Be careful when eating it because I burnt myself despite my waitresses careful instruction! 
I followed up with the general tso om**********g 
It was divine, spicy as hell, but scrumptious. For the price you absolutely cannot beat it. This is our first time in Louisiana and I have to say this is the only restaurant we have committed to visiting twice. Also, I read a lot of negative comment about the waiters but excellent food- Great news - it seems like they have new staff and the food is still amazing ! Check them out!!The service was pretty terrible the first time I went here but the food was so undeniably good I just can't give it a lower rating.  The service improved a little during my last two dine-ins. Beware if you have food restrictions because the menu seems to be vague. I received two items that I thought were vegetarian but had meat. I also had a friend who can't eat certain things due to religious beliefs be dooped by poor menu descriptions.  The runner girl (all three visits I have made here) runs away as fast as possible so you don't have time to ask for anything.Delicious Chinese restaurant! I ordered the soup dumplings, crepe, and orange chicken. My one complaint was that a majority of the items have pork and going with my friend who does not eat pork it was semi difficult to order together. The soup dumplings were delicious but harder to eat than I thought they would be but tasty anyway! The crepe was very interesting and unlike anything I've previously had but extremely delicious as well. When going there make sure to utilize the waitlist function on yelp because they tend to get very busy!Incredible. Bao are great, dumplings delicious, basil popcorn chicken a delight. Go here for food as much as you physically can.Fairly new restaurant with familiar faces. It's owned by former Little Chinatown people. It's located not far from Frenchman St. and Cafe Du Monde. So be prepared to go in circles to find street parking. 
We probably should've waited a few weeks before giving it a try but we couldn't help but to be excited and eager to go. A group of us decided to have a late dinner on a Sunday, and boy, was the wait long. It was expected though. We were estimated for a forty-five minute wait that ended up being close to two hours. We honestly thought about leaving and probably should've but we really wanted to give it a try. After an hour, we kept thinking it was going to be ok, that we would've been next. Well, after being seated, our total dining time was probably another close to two hours. So yes, we were there for about four hours, from start to end. Was it worth it? No, it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, the food were good but definitely not great enough to have spent that many hours there. 
So, the main thing we came for was the xiao long bao (soup dumplings). It was good but I wish there were more filling and soup inside. Some actually didn't had any broth in it. Came to find out, the poor owner was making them as orders were going through. I'm guessing they underestimated things and wasn't expecting the high volume and demand.
Our order list: 
* Cucumber salad - simple, nothing too special
* Basil popcorn chicken - good but wish there was a dipping sauce
* Xiao long bao
* Crabmeat & crawfish bao - good but had more stuffing than the xiao long bao
* Crawfish jianbing (Chinese style crepe) - too sweet for my liking
* Hot & sour soup
* Sauteed string beans with garlic - asked for extra garlic but didn't really see or tasted much in it. Still good though. 
* Spicy chilled noodle bowl - light and refreshing 
* Wonton with spicy sauce - loved!
* Sizzling garlic shrimp - good but was not sizzling on skillet
* Sizzling blackened steak - salty and also wasn't sizzling
* Salted fish and chicken fried rice - opted for no chicken. I usually don't like salted fish but it was pretty good. 
Overall, the food were good but I'm still wondering why they weren't delivered hot. The only ones that were hot were the crabmeat bao and popcorn chicken, which were the last two dishes to be delivered. Majority of the dishes came out one by one. Service was ok, not as attentive but they did fine for it being as pack as they were. I honestly would give this place a 3 1/2 stars but I'll round up. I think they'll be able to work out their kinks. Hope this place is here to stay!Amazing dim sum! They work out of a small kitchen so it takes a little longer for food to come out but the wait is worth it. 
Anytime I'm in the Quarter, I always try to convince my friends to go because it's so yummy!Hands down, best Chinese cuisine in Nola.  Insider tip- BYOB, don't expect dim sum carts, & plan to show up early if you have a large party-- no reservations.  With all that said, the food is seriously AMAZING and staff are friendly and accommodating.  We ordered lots of small plates to share.  Every single plate was followed by "this is the best" and "can't wait to come back" by everyone at our table.  Lots of picky and high maintenance friends included ;) Outstanding Chinese cuisine!  Look forward to my next visit.We went for the first time today! Everything was amazing. We went in the afternoon and they weren't busy! Everything we tried was fantastic. We can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu. Food and service was great!This place is a must-go! If you're into Chinese food restaurant style, this is your spot. My fiancé and I had the pork ribs, hot and sour dumpling soup and the sizzling garlic shrimp plate. Sizzling it was! It comes with white onions, bell pepper and green onions chopped up. Very good! Also comes with a small cup of white rice. Everything was very flavorful and tasty! Come see them!!Best Chinese in the Quarter!!!
Soup dumplingsBlackened peppersteak
Hot&Sour soupSeaweed&beancurd salad
Authentic flavors.We will enjoy tasting the entire menu.
Staff helpful and friendly,gave great recommendations.Fantastic experience, great addition to the Qtr. everything was fantastic, especially soup dumplingsMy husband and mother in law are Cantonese. 
I NEVER expected to find a LEGIT delicious Chinese restaurant. It was so amazing. 
I am still dreaming about the bok choy with garlic. 
I thought the dumplings were made in house with care and love and we're just perfect. 
Wow. I wish this restaurant was in Austin. I would eat here everyday.Pro: good-quality & authentic food; great location; clean table; 
Con: serving is not enough for someone who's hungry; it took us 45 min to get a tableI absolutely love this place. I have been about 5 times now since they've opened, and it is always great. I love telling people about this place because it opens their eyes to a more authentic take on Chinese cuisine.
Some favorites that we always order include Basil Popcorn Chicken, Salt and Pepper Wings, Shu Mai, Wontons in Chili Oil/Spicy Sauce, Xiao Long Bao, Steamed Pork Bao, Szechuan chicken/beef, and Green Beans in Garlic Sauce. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. Their food always comes out quick as well, so that's a great benefit if you want a quick lunch.
The owner and family always greet me when I'm there and check on us. I enjoy that they make an effort to get to know us personally even if it is just on a quick visit.
If you do visit, say hi to Bonnie! She's usually the hostess/person that checks you in. She will always check on you and remember when you come back.We planned a pretty long trip in NOLA and I needed a break from some fried food and fresh oysters (which were all amazing!). After a long day in park city, we stopped at Dian Xin before heading to Frenchmen St. The xiao long bao and veggie were flavorful! We also ordered  the crispy shrimp plate which made an excellent accompaniment to a bowl of rice.Ok food. Place is very crowded and small. My favorite thing that I ordered is the wontons in a spicy sauce. The service was slow. Checked on us maybe twice. The food didn't come out all at once but one at a time, like every 5 minutes.This is seriously the best Chinese food we have had in years. Everything we had was delicious. The hot and sour soup was amazing and the Szechuan chicken was the best I have ever had. It's a small space so be prepared to wait, but it is so worth it.This was unequivocally the best meal I've had in New Orleans (maybe my entire life) There was a wait list of seven tables before us which isn't bad, it was totally worth it. Had the xao bao soup dumplings and some beef and broccoli both were amazing! The service was exceptional 10/10 will eat here again before I leave! Loved it.Long bao, hot and sour dumpling soup, and egg rolls are the best! Addictingly good food. Friendly staff.Lots of yummy options you can't find anywhere else. Also soup dumplings that don't tear as soon as you try to remove them from the lining of the bamboo steamer!If you need recommendations I got you! The owners daughter hooked me up with a run down. Things circled twice are my favorite!! This place is amazing! 
-@thegreatimpastaso i've eaten here about 3-4 times, and every time was pretty good! my family really enjoys this, as it's the closest thing we can get to din tai fung in nola. the food is good- these are my faves: green beans, sezhuan chicken/beef, wonton soup, pan fried bao, basil chicken. the xiao long bao are also really good! the skin is thin but doesn't break, so it keeps all that broth in. i haven't tried the seafood one yet, but i really want to. the wontons are sooo good! in the soup or the spicy version. the green beans are sooooo good. it's my favorite. they're wrinkly and the sauce is so good. it's also fairly affordable! each dish is around $7-$13, and you really don't need to order much! but there's so much variety and we end up ordering so much most the time, lol. i didn't really enjoy the steamed pork bun, it was a little over steamed and mushy, the shu mai is definitely not the best, but it's okay. the servers are always great and wonderful, super attentive. the place is small though, so they can't seat many, so if you go at a popular time you will have to wait. i once went when they first opened, and there was no wait, but i've also went at peak dinner hour and there was like a 45 minute wait. so if you don't want to wait, just make sure you go at a good time. this is a quality chinese, authentic restaurant in nola! highly recommend if you're trying to experience chinese food that's not panda express.I was ok with this place until later on I checked my credit card Bank Statement. I signed the receipt with 18% of tips, BUT they charged me 25% of tips!!! This is so unethical and disappointing. Do they treat all tourists like that since it's at the quarter? I called the store to ask about this - no apology was offered at all, but instead thought $2.66 meant the world to me. 
Oh also, be careful when you take your kids there. Their plates/bowls have many damaged cuts, which can easily hurt your fingers/mouth.Asian food isn't the first thing you think of when getting food in the French Quarter neighborhood of New Orleans, but it was so so goooood!   There was a waitlist on yelp, so highly recommend that you use that list before you go. We had to wait a little over 40 minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait. The restaurant is small, so not ideal for a large group.
We ordered the shrimp fried rice, vegetable crepe, and crawfish & crabmeat bao. The vegetable crepe had a combination of egg, scallions, fried wonton chips, with hoisin sauce. The crunch from the wonton chips went really well with the vegetables and the rest of the crepe. The sauce is slightly sweet and salty, and complimented the crepe really well. The crawfish & crabmeat bao was my favorite. Plenty of meat in the dumplings and the soup broth is very flavorful. I could have had at least 20 more if I tried. The shrimp fried rice was cooked perfectly. Good size shrimp and plenty of it. Had the right amount of soy sauce and wasn't overly salty. 
Service was very good. Food was brought out hot and didn't have to wait too long for food when we sat down. Highly recommend that you come here if you are in New Orleans. Can't imagine there being a better Asian option.Excellent dim sum! Easily the best I've had in town. Seating is a little limited, but worth the wait. Their service is excellent and turnover is pretty fast. The menu covers a wide range of more traditional chinese fare, and their food quality was excellent. Will definitely go again.This place did not disappoint! The food was amazing, the staff was very welcoming and attentive. Make sure you add yourself to the waitlist before you start getting ready because this place stays busy from open- close!Because of all of the awesome reviews about Dian Xin, my daughter and I drove from Old Jefferson to try this new place. We ordered two appetizers, crabmeat & crawfish boa, salt and pepper squid, and sizzling garlic shrimp entree to split..... We waited so long to get our waters that I went to the water station and got my own water. My daughter also had ordered a coke, and we had to ask several times before that showed up.
What did show up 1st was the entree, the sizzling shrimp. The shrimp was warm, but far for sizzling..... It was tasty, but no rice, nor was there a serving spoon. I asked the waiter if it was common for the entree to come out before the appetizers and he said food comes out whenever things are ready - if we had order soup, it may have come out last. Next came the squid - we asked for a dipping sauce, but never got one. Then we flagged down our waiter and he said use soy sauce. The basket of squid was rather small and half of the basket was filled with lettuce so it looked like you were getting a basket of squid when indeed you were getting only half a basket. Finally, the crabmeat and crawfish boa arrived. I kid you not, if there was 1 teaspoon of stuffing in this dumpling that would be generous. Of course there was no sauce - so you better be a big lover of soy sauce to enjoy this restaurant . My daughter and I are not large eaters at all, but we had no left overs and were barely full..... Not at all worth the hype in my opinion ~This may have been the best chinese food I've ever had. I care with two other people and we all shared the popcorn chicken with basil, xiao long bao, wontons in spicy sauce, szechuan chicken, and mongolian beef. Every single dish was amazing. I've never tasted anything like the szechuan chicken before. The xiao long bao was delicious, but be careful as the broth inside is very veryAwesome place. I missed Dim sum from west coast and this place brings back memories. Everything i had was on point. No misses. Except it's cooked to order which is great for heat and flavor but i miss the rolling carts with food on them from places i grew up with.Loved this place! My husband and I popped in on a Sunday night. Def recommend joining the waitlist online if you can bc it gets busy and the place and small, but cozy and very clean. Simple menu with plenty of authentic options. Great for sharing, we had wonton soup, pork steam dumplings, house fried rice, seaweed salad, and the garlic bok choy. Everything came out hot and fresh! Food was good and the service was friendly! Will def be back next time we visit Nola.The dim sum is pretty good here and it's worth the wait. The prices aren't bad either, and they have a wide selection of menu options to choose from. I'd recommend you add yourself to the waitlist to avoid waiting after you arrive there to save some time.This place is seriously good. The soup dumpling are freakin delicious!!! Also the book choy and shumai... get it all!Hole in the wall but "regular" New Orleans food in the french quarter was putting me off with price and wait time so I ended up here for the best dumpings I ever had. Even the tea was very tasty. And although it was packed, service and wait time were all perfectly acceptable.You will not be disappointed.  We had the beef and eggplant. Perfection.  
They are really doing everything right. 
Do the waitlist. They will text you while you walk around when your table is ready.
The space is small but you know how the saying goes, great things in small packages. 
This rivals New York chinese, they are on my favorites list.First trip was really good. All of the food was delicious and the service was low key but got the job done. Second time, we went for lunch on a day when it was less than half full so we expected a repeat of the first time. It took five minutes for the server to come take our order and then we saw him leave the restaurant (on an errand?). After 30 minutes we had no food--not even waters. Meanwhile other guests who came in 15-20 minutes after us were enjoying their food (some were the same dishes we ordered) and drinks. We'll try again someday but you better believe we will be on top of the server right out of the gate.
In conclusion, the food we had the first time was good enough that we will try again, but if you go be prepared for some amateurish service.This restaurant says they don't take reservations but we arrived early tonight with a party of 9 and they wouldn't seat us because they had a reservation for 15 which wasn't here. Our party of 9 was all present and ready to be seated. Apparently there's a difference between calling them ahead and reservations? We waited another 15 minutes decided where to go. Still hadn't seated their 15 people. For everyone who's been here multiple times like myself the BYOB is gone with $15 corkage fee. They made sure to share that after we opened several bottles. All around great service....The soup dumplings were amazing ...excellent service... must try if you're here visiting... make sure you get on the wait list before you goI love a good dumpling and this place really nailed it. It's hard to find xiao long bao where I live so I was very excited to see it on the menu. They came out beautiful glistening dumplings with delicate skins and delicious soupy meaty filling. The wonton soup was the perfect thing to have after a rainy morning. The broth was flavorful but not overwhelming. Beautifully tender baby bok choy and crispy fried shallots topped it off . We also had the pork bao, crispy fried ribs and wontons with spicy sauce. All excellent. My only little issue was that I ordered green tea but it came out peach green tea which I would've known had I read the menu first. Take a friend and order 2-3 dishes each to share. I'm just hoping to squeeze in another visit before I leave New Orleans.Worth the wait! If you get the chance definitely stop by. The chicken fired rice was AMAZING. Once we sat down and ordered food came out pretty fast and was fresh. 
Make sure to add yourself to the waitlist before you show up so wait time isn't long. Even then the wait was worth it. 
Its a really good place to buy different things to share as a table or order individual meals.
Staff was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. If I could give more stars I would!
Need to add on: The food was so good I started reviewing before we even got the check. The check just came and the total was so much less than expected! Such a great place and great prices!I love this place! We were looking for good dumplings (coming from New York City) this place is just awesome! We've been twice. The customer service is extremely friendly. We've ordered the peppered steak- delicious, Xiao long bao- amazing, spicy wontons- fantastic, fried pork dumplings- couldn't get enough, and the fried rice- perfection! Best suggestion: definitely join the wait list on here, the wait times are very accurate. I will absolutely continue to come here!The best food to come too.. I love them because there food is amazing good. Their sumai is amazing !! I do recommend this place !!Well I honestly don't visit New Orleans for Asian food. However, I decided to try some on this visit. This restaurant is simple, clean and the staff is friendly. I will say the food portions are excellent. I tried the blackened pepper steak. It was just ok to me. I loved all the onions in it. This dish didn't blow me away, but for fast casual Chinese food it was decent. Overall it was an ok experience. It satisfied my craving for Chinese and I left full.The food is excellent. The service can use some improvement. I've visited a few times and each visit I enjoy the meal but always feel some kind away about the waitstaff.Wait list was about 10 minutes off. Overall, the food was really good. Recommended dishes are the mongolion beef, spicy wontons, and hot and sour soup. The food was better the first time we went. Maybe because the second time was right before the holidays? The restaurant is packed almost every time. It's a small restaurant, but it's nice.Simply amazing. The boa was so good-we had three orders.  The General Tso's-amazing. In fact everything we had was amazing-didn't disappointIncredible food ! Highly recommended . Have been hearing about this place and is truly beyond my expectations .Delicious!  Best Chinese food I have had in a very long time.  Will definitely go back!Yes I will go back again and again.  BUT I have to say this time was the best!  OMGosh the soup dumplings were amazing!  Loads of soup AND so flavorful and rich! Everything we eat there is amazing.  We have settled on our favs now and they just go together perfectly!  FIRST: Two orders of Pork Xiao Long Bao, THEN General Tso Chicken and Stir Fried Noodles.  Make sure to get the Bao first, they are so yummy but delicate in flavor and should be enjoyed alone.  THEN the General Tso and Stir Fried Noodles.  These two are great but completely different and work so well.  Going from one to the other just makes them taste better!  LOL  I used to crave NYC just to get my hands on a Xia Long Bao.  NOW I don't have too!  If only I could get Dominique Ansel to open a bakery in NOLA I would be in heaven!Best Dim Sum. The staff members are friendly and the food is unmatched. Do yourself a favor and put in an order for the molten cake with matcha ice cream upon arrival as it is known to sell out.Great food in very unique spot. Well worth the trip to the quarter, even for locals. Xiao Long Bao and Shu Mai were amazing.Best Chinese I've had in New Orleans too date. That's not saying everything is perfect, it's not, but all in all most dishes hit the target. I've enjoyed the vegetable dishes the most, especially the cabbage that dish stood out. I had the sizzling shrimp and also was excellent albeit a bit rich with a lot of bacon. Egg roll was very good. I only didn't care for the general Chow Chicken, the meat was very hard, not tender at all. But besides that one dish I recommend you try this French quarter new comerAwesome service, great food. small place and it's always packed. & now I understand why!!! Highly recommend and will be back :)We heard about the place from friends who wouldn't shut up about the beef eggplant dish. So after the Saints game we didn't feel like cooking  and decided to walk down to see if it was as good as they said.  It was excellent and worth the wait. Pro tip: sign in on yelp before showing up and you won't have to wait so long or wait at a nearby dive bar like we did, which was lovely in its own way.Hands down, I will rate Dian Xin the BEST chinese cuisine in New Orleans. The staff is prompt, attentive, and friendly. I had the wonton soup, the combination shrimp, chicken, and beef fried rice, and the general tso's chicken, as well as the egg rolls. I cannot recommend Dian Xin enough! HURRY to enjoy the best chinese cuisine in New Orleans!OMG! We used to go to the other location this family owned.. and it was amazing. Then randomly we just kinda realized the food just wasn't as good anymore. So this year (Sept) we ended up at Dian Xin after seeing a yelp review. Crazy enough, it was the family that had previously owned the other place we loved!! Insane, but an amazing find. The food here is worth the wait time, the cramped seating and even the air of busy all around this place... because their food is fire! The sizzling garlic shrimp.. that's all I have to say. This visit we had the kids with us so we couldn't dine in, regardless we did take out. So worth it. This place is worth every penny and more. Plus, the family that runs it are such great people. Can't recommend this place enough.We came during lunch time on a weekday and there was no wait.  We ordered the xiao long bao, seafood xiao long bao, salt and pepper squid, vegetable jian bing, and snow pea leaves.  Everything came out in a timely manner and was really delicious.  However, I wished the jian bing had peanut powder like the jian bing I have had in the Taiwan night markets.  I would recommend eating here if you're in the quarter, but I don't frequent this area so it's not likely I would make a special trip just to come for dinner.Really good food with interesting tastes and the smoothies are my favorite, I love the garlic sauce and the chicken fried riceI've been wanting to eat here since it opened but I've heard about long wait times. Today coming into New Orleans I looked and there was only a 5 min wait. As soon as we were able to park about 6 blocks away I added itself to Yelp waitlist.  Upon arrival we waited about 5 min.  Ordered Shumai, the Soup Dumpling and sizzling garlic shrimp for my husband and I. The soup dumpling was delicious. Chewy dumpling, meaty filling and delicious broth. I wish there was more broth. The sizzling shrimp was so good! Little toasty bits of garlic and onion w peppers and big fresh shrimp. Very pleased w our order and can't wait to return.  We tried the sauce for the dumpling in spicy sauce and it was just perfection. We will be back many timesYou have to be prepared to wait. On a busy night 45 minutes to get in and it took really long time to get our food out of the kitchen. Soups  were good but came last and took more than 50 minutes. 
Soup dumplings were on the smaller side and the wrapper was thick and tough. The beef crepe was just ok, it was dry and beef was mia.Great dim sum.  Really the only place in New Orleans to get dim sum. Fairly inexpensive.Arriving about 15 minutes to 3 on a Saturday, we were first to be seated.  Why they had the a/c on when it was 74 degrees outside, I don't know.  Chairs pretty uncomfortable.  The hot and sour soup was good, although not sour at all.  Nice broth.  Walnut shrimp was tasty with the fried shrimp covered in what tasted like po boy dressing (in a good way).  My husband had sizzling steak and enjoyed it (large portion).  The xiao long bao were nice, although I preferred the crab and crawfish bao.  The shui mai were a weird liverwurst texture and even a little livery in flavor.  My husband liked it but I've had better.  The iced tea was terribly oversteeped and I had to put all my ice from my water as well as 4 slices of lemon to make it drinkable.  That was $70.  I wanted shrimp har gow but the waiter said they were out of it as it takes 2 1/2 weeks to prepare, which is patently untrue.  It looks like no one has been able to get this dish so I'm not sure why it is on the menu.
Probably best to try other things you can't find at most Chinese restaurants, like the salt and pepper squid and the jianbing.
So while this was a decent meal, I wouldn't say it was mindbendingly delicious and it was quite expensive.  I definitely wouldn't wait hours to eat here.  
Also, bring a sweater.We (2 people) came here on a Tuesday at around 730. There were a bunch of clustered groups outside on one side of the doorway so I thought there was a line at first. Good thing I went inside to the register to put my name on the list. 
There are (8) 2 tops and (4) 4 tops. Some were modified to sit 3 or 5. The servers seemed to be taking orders in a decent amount of time, but when a table got up, it took a while for them to get bussed. 
We were seated at 8:45 with a curt apology for the wait. We were immediately asked if we were ready to order. We put in drink orders and when those came back, we managed to pick out a bunch of dishes that looked good. Definitely a pro move on the restaurant's part of putting pictures on their menu.
After 15 min, our server came back and informed us that our food was going to be out in about 10-15 min.
We started getting peice meal items around 15 min later which was totally fine. It was a very weird order though. Pan fried dumplings and string beans before pickled cucumbers. There was a food runner that kept asking what we were missing. I don't think their expo system is very efficient.
Overall, the food was well above average with below par service. I think that this restaurant will do well if they get a bit more organized.This place has really good Chinese food. Their xiao long bao is why we came but we stayed for their crabmeat and crawfish bao. I thoroughly enjoy their basil chicken. Their wonton in spicy sauce is ok. Not as great as we expected but I enjoyed the sauce it came with. I plan to come back and try more of their food to give a more in-depth analysis of their menu.I knew coming here that it wouldn't be smooth sailing yet. They were so popular their opening week they ran out of food and they have remained insanely busy. So, if you plan on stopping by expect a wait and for them to be out of certain things if you come later in the night. 
Got here and had an estimated wait time of 45 minutes. It was an 1:15 wait. After being seated it took a good several minutes to get service.
As mentioned by another review, if you are avoiding pork be careful. Most of the baos have pork even if not mentioned. Wound up ordering hot and sour soup, vegetable dumplings, szechuan chicken, and beef fried rice. Soup hit the spot for me. Dumplings were good and the chicken was a good spice level. The fried rice wasn't bad, it just wasn't noteworthy.
The bad side - they were out of the steamed chicken bao and they ran out of white rice to go with the szechuan chicken. I don't know how a restaurant runs out of white rice...Fabulous authentic food in the heart of the French Quarter! The soup dumplings and salt and pepper squid are outstanding!So this place has gotten alot of hype ! 
Food is great !!
But when you get treated like your lucky to be there do you go back ??? I think not 
Sorry wont be back until attitude has changed and hoping everyone else gets treated better than we were .Terrible place. Service was horrible. Didn't get a chance to eat there since they gave our table to someone who just walked into the restaurant.Excellent! Fresh made Chinese food...PERIOD...I love traditional Chinese food and this is one of the best! Ty.This place is excellent. NOLA needs more authentic Asian (sans vietnamese) and this is definitely it. Great flavors, good portion sizes, interesting menu all at reasonable prices. Be prepared to wait.Blown away by how great this place was. Portions are large and shareable, prices are definitely more affordable than most French Quarter restaurants and the service was eager and attentive. Came in 30 minutes before closing and they didn't bat an eye. Everything was fresh and shareable. Sauces were light and flavorful. Five items was under $50 with tax and tip. Enough left over for lunch the next day. Almost afraid to give them a good rating as it may make it more difficult to get a table.My husband and I went here for dinner and it was amazing! We haven't had dim sum like this since Sanfrancisco! The service and staff were wonderful. Very friendly. They have applied for their liquor license so until then just byob.Ok, I'm going to be super honest. I initially didn't want to post this review because I didn't want more people to know about this GEM in the quarter. BUT it's that good and I felt bad keeping this from anyone else who's been trying to find good Chinese food. I've been here twice in the last two weeks and am definitely anticipating another visit this weekend. Obsessed. As someone who grew up with Taiwanese parents and was surrounded with authentic Chinese food in Los Angeles, it's been tough the last 7 years to find some feel good home cooking. This spot has the most authentic Chinese food I've had in New Orleans, and I am so happy it's here!! Parking is annoying because what spot in the quarter isn't? But a plus is the Yelp waitlist you should definitely utilize!Wasn't looking for Chinese while in the French Quarter but knew with a two hour wait it had to be good! Just go, you won't regret it! Everything we had was great and fresh! We will be back.Amazing meal and service!
We used the online Yelp wait list. It was very useful so we didn't have to wait outside in the NoLA heat. It was an estimated 77-120 wait. We decided to get ready at our hotel and walk over since we had so much time. It was about a 20-25 minute walk from our hotel. We our hotel nearly a half hour prior to the estimated time.
We received a text saying we were close to the top of the list. Afterwards, we received a text and call saying our table was ready. I mentioned to the host that we were about ten minutes away and she nicely held the table for us. We got there at the time we said we were and promptly seated. The host gave us extra napkins after noticing we were extremely sweaty.
They were quite busy so it took a few minutes for our waitress to come say hello. She didn't have waters with her so we asked for some while we took a glance over the menu. We decided on the wontons in spicy oil, pea pod stems, shrimp fried rice and five spiced pork ribs. The wontons came our first. They were hot and delicious. We waited for the rest of the food to enjoy the rest. Everything was nicely portioned for two people. The fried rice was so good. We have authentic fried rice all he time and this was really good. The pea pod stems were very nicely seasoned and cooked. It was a big portion for $13. The ribs were fried well, but my fiancé wished it wasn't sweet. I didn't think they were that sweet but we have our preferences. Overall, everything was delicious and the service was great. We will definitely be back!Best dumplings in New Orleans. Really big and filling dumplings. Worth the wait. The chocolate lava cake was rich and tasted like a dream.Born and raised in San Francisco, my soul has been missing dim sum of this quality. Very personable staff and super relaxed atmosphere.We weren't very hungry, so we opted for the fried squid and chicken bao. The fried squid was awesome just had a little too much salt but otherwise pretty tasty. Chicken bao was great as well but keep in mind that they have more breading than stuffing. 
The waitress was sweet and she did tell us that in advance! When we go back to New Orleans, we are open to going back to try more of their food!The soup dumplings at this place are as good as what I've had in San Francisco or NYC. 
The sizzling blackened steak is one of the best dishes I've ever had in my entire life (and I'm a chef and have trained chefs for decades). 
The braised cabbage... delectable!
Put yourself on the waitlist via yelp before you go and show up on time. The place is tiny and had a line out the door on a Tuesday night. 
Highly recommend. AMAZING!We've wanted to try this place since it opened and had lots of great reviews. The hours made it difficult so we were excited to see they are now open for lunch! We went today and it really lived up to the hype. There were three of us and we ordered a variety. We had the cucumber salad, hot & sour soup, veggie dumplings, steamed shrimp, chicken & mozzarella balls, general Tsos chicken, and the chicken and eggplant. My favorite thing hands down was the cucumber salad! I could eat it every day! The steamed shrimp was delicious and we'd definitely go back and have it again. The hot and sour soup was delicious and hearty (and their version has no meat which is great since I'm pescatarian). The small could be a meal in itself. I had never tried dumplings and I was sad to see that the crawfish & shrimp dumplings also contain pork (but thankful they note it on the menu so I didn't order). I tried the veggie dumplings which were my least favorite item I ordered just because I wasn't crazy about the stuffing (spinach, lettuce, celery, onion, and either mushrooms or tofu that was bland and didn't wow!). I'm not writing off dumplings, I just didn't care for this particular combination inside and feel like there could be a tastier veggie option. There is a new veggie hand pie with veggies, noodles, and corn that's fried that I will definitely try next time. I probably would've liked that combo much better. My hubby loved the chicken mozzarella balls which had rave reviews on here and the general tsos chicken! My friend loved the chicken & eggplant dish. Portion sizes are generous and you get a lot of quality, fresh, delicious food for the price! The rave reviews are right! We've traditionally had subpar Chinese food options in NOLA and Dian Xin has raised the bar for sure! We'll be back to try lots more!This spot has become my go to place for comfort food. I thankfully it's than 200 feet from my front door. New Orleans in general has been lacking good Chinese food and, I'm not exaggerating, the entire population of the lower Quarter residents and workers rejoiced when Dian Xin opened up.
Some of my favorites that are always in rotation:
Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings)- delicate yet flavorful, perfect. I'm never satisfied with only one order. If you've never had soup dumplings before, ask your server how to eat them or look it up on YouTube so you don't spill all of that broth (aka. liquid gold).
Crabmeat and Crawfish Bao- unexpectedly fantastic. Balanced and delightful flavors
Hot and Sour soup- Better for a chill than mamas chicken noodle soup. Makes me feel warm n fuzzy inside. This is the best hot and sour soup I've ever had.
Hot and Sour Dumpling soup- Spicy. Flavorful. Delicious. Get it. I do a happy dance in my seat and break out into the stupidest grin upon first bite every single time. I typically order this once a week.
Crepes- great for on the go, crispy, wonderful balanced flavors. Not something commonly found in many Chinese restaurants and that's a shame. It's a fun treat.
Wonton Soup- a classic that is executed perfectly. 
Bok Choy or Snow Pea Tips with Garlic- sometimes I judge a place by their most simple dish (like a margarita pizza or something). If a place is using crap ingredients and hiding it with spices, or doesn't care about preparation, this is where you would be able to see it. No worries in this department. Both the bok choy and snow peas are wonderful.
Chicken Fried Rice- I would be remiss if I didn't mention this dish. There are the biggest strips of chicken breast in there and IT ISN'T GREASY! You know how hard it is find fried rice that isn't overly greasy and, therefore, tastes like the grease? Here you go. You're welcome. 
The only thing I haven't been impressed with was the Shu Mai. It's actually very good but not the best I've had. In a menu full of stand outs, I really can't doc a star for that.
Parking will be a pain so take an Uber and check in through the yelp app to reserve your spot. This is a VERY popular place even in September when New Orleans is usually a hot, steamy, wasteland. It's the perfect spot to go with some friends, get a dozen dishes to share and sit back to enjoy some of best Chinese food you can get your hands onExcellent Chinese food.  A nice change from the typical NOLA cuisine and excellent for vegetarians. The crepes are the best. Everything we had was spot on. Minus one star for being slightly disorganized but the food was very very very good.The fact that everyone who has reviewed hasn't given this place all 5 stars is surprising to me. The food is incredible, the service is fast and they are extremely nice. Eating here is well worth the wait, but if you don't have the time or want to wait, there are times you can easily get in with in 5 or 10 minutes or order to go. My husband and I eat here almost once a week since we live just down the street, and there are so many menu items that we never have to eat the same thing twice (however the hot and sour soup always finds it's way to our table...). We are determined to try everything on the menu. Definitely give it a try.Lil NOLA is all grown up and finally got herself a soup dumplings place! As I consider myself to be a mass consumer of these heavenly satchels, I was over the moon to have this new addition to the food scene. 
I arrived around 6:20, exactly 10 minutes before a waitlist started and was sat immediately. We ordered the Xiao Long Bao, Steamed Pork Buns, small Hot and Sour Soup, and a small Wonton Soup. I started small just in case I didn't like the food (spoiler alert: that was the end of my order). 
The hot and sour soup came out about 5 mins after we ordered and my husband thoroughly enjoyed it. Unfortunately, it took a very long time for the next soup to come out. WARNING: the wontons in the wonton soup have them!! The menu doesn't indicate this anywhere and I have a shrimp sensitivity so after one bite I was done. Luckily I don't have a severe allergy- they should definitely put this somewhere on the menu!!!!! Some time after that the small bao came out and on first glance it just didn't look right so I passed on them but my husband said they were 'fine'. Finally, the star of the show arrived, the Xiao Long Bao. They were definitely better tasting than the rest of the food we had but pretty bland compared to the ones found in bigger cities. If I were to improve the experience, I'd put one of those metal trays under the steamer so that way the table doesn't get wet, and I'd put the black vinegar in the little bowls with the 4 slivers of ginger that they give you instead of on the table (you have to pour quickly or else it just runs down the side of the bottle). 
Based on the food I had I would give them 2 stars but I gave them 3 because I didn't get to try the entrees. If I go back it will be because a friend will want to try and probably not of my own volition.A terrific addition to eating the French Quarter. The style here is Hong Kong with a seafood bias and its all good. Great for lunch or a snack and for an informal dinner. My lunch partner was however al little disappointed in the vegetarian crepes which she felt was basically a crepe filled with lettuce. Food came quickly and the service was very good.I really enjoyed Dian Xin. I love dim sum and Chinese food. I'm Chinese and I can say that Dian Xin is authentic and modern at the same time. 
We ordered the shu mai, xiao long bao, hot and spicy house noodle, hot and sour dumpling soup, and chicken eggplant. Our favorites were the xiao long bao, noodle soup, and eggplant. Everything was DELICIOUS and portions were generous. The chicken eggplant was especially standout, and my partner loved it even though he was unsure about eggplant. 
We didn't try the dessert, but plan to next time. Service was fast and polite. Only thing is we parked outside of the French quarter and took a 15 minute walk through the quarter to the restaurant. It was a good time anyway!Came here for a late dinner at 9 pm. Wait time was about an hour. I like the decor here and the overall ambience. Very busy place.
We ordered the xiao long bao (soupy dumplings), pan fried pork dumplings, sautéed snow pea tips, braised tofu, and chicken fried rice. All of the food was phenomenal! Definitely eat here if you're craving dumplings! 
The part I didn't enjoy was the service. Our waiter was not very good (male, tall, dark hair). Our food arrived and we didn't have any silverware or plates to eat with, so we sat there until we could get his attention. We didn't get spoons to eat the xiao long bao with. Again, another wait until we could get his attention. We had to flag him down every time we needed something (water refill, napkins, ANYTHING), and it's a small place.I recently returned and had another great experience! Everything was so delicious. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and fair. He gave us lots of recommendations on how many dishes we should order and what paired well together. We had the perfect amount of food.Small friendly place with excellent service. There was a line, but it moved quickly and you can check via text where you are at in the line.
The food was VERY good and reasonably priced! Had the noodles with chicken/shrimp, sesame chicken and fried dumplings. Would have them all again. Wished they had a location in Phoenix!Great Chinese food option to take care the of craving.  XLB is legit - lots of soup and flavorful.  The pea sprouts was the highlight.  Spicy soup noodles was a disappointment.My favorite xiao long bao spot is Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles. Dian Xi's pork & crawfish xiao long bao is comparable to Din Tai Fung in quality and taste. I was surprised to find an authentic Chinese restaurant in New Orleans. (I'm Chinese) so take it from me, this is the best Chinese restaurant in Louisiana.Wonderfull and authentic "soup bites"!  Reserve a table ahead of time or you will likely wait an hour.Good Chinese in a seafood, creole town.  Didn't care for the sizzling beef was just okay and the dim sum seemed like they were not made fresh.  Busy place and the wait was long.  The wife enjoyed her meal and the fried rice was really good.We went here for the first time after taking our kiddos to the zoo! They have the best soup dumplings! Order the pork and crawfish dumplings and pork bao deliciousness!I love coming here for the soup dumplings. We choose food for the table and share everything. Very fast service like yum cha restaurants but made as you order and not brought around on carts. Be careful with the soup dumplings- the liquid inside is very hot.This place is REALLY good!!! Soup dumplings were my fav. GREAT service and GREAT food!!! Highly recommend a stop here.This place has basically ruined my old Chinese go to for me, from the time they opened I've been there five times, always try something new and every time it's AMAZING!I'm from New York so We have much more options and authentic Chinese cuisine. This place is ok for being the only place that serves Chinese in the area. The Pork ribs had no meat, Dumplings and sizzling Garlic shrimp were good.Freshly food
Nice service
I ordered chive cake and xiao long bao today
They was perfect portion for me to eat alone 
Will come back later for more  
Note* please be patient for long time cooking appetizersBest Chinese in town. They had a line, but took our number so we could go grab a drink elsewhere instead of standing there looking at each other when we all knew what we had come to party. The place is byob so we brought sake for the guys and rose wine for the ladies. Roughly 30 minute wait. The Waiter had great recommendations and we took them all. The soup dumplings came out hot and fast, i cave manned one the second it hit the table and burned my mouth for 3 days, no regrets. Ribs stood out as great too, but everything was good. The best chinese outside of Chinatown in NYC ive tasted. Will go backThis may have been the best chinese food I've ever had. I care with two other people and we all shared the popcorn chicken with basil, xiao long bao, wontons in spicy sauce, szechuan chicken, and mongolian beef. Every single dish was amazing. I've never tasted anything like the szechuan chicken before. The xiao long bao was delicious, but be careful as the broth inside is very very hot.I highly recommend Dian Xin! We had a great time. It's very affordable so we were able to try several different dim sum plates. Everything we tried was good. The service was also very fast. I would definitely return. Soup dumplings were great!This is a top level restaurant in New Orleans that would be a solid find in any city in the US. I've lived in NYC and this place would be a popular spot there.  New Orleans hasn't been known for Chinese food, but this place bucks the trend and then some. Each dish is better than the last one you ordered. The service is top notch and everyone wants to help you to have an excellent meal.  I couldn't write more positive things about Dian Xin.  My only complaint is that they only have one location in the French Quarter!  Let's be honest, nobody living in New Orleans wants to ever go the Quarter outside of being dragged by a visiting friend or RDR.  I would leave my recommendations but honestly at this place you cannot go wrong as I've tried multiple items. Enjoy!Away from the noise and horrible smells of Bourbon Street, this Chinese restaurant is a welcome change from the usual Jambalaya and Gumbo that haunts every corner of the French Quarter. Don't get me wrong, there is some great New Orleans cooking, but when you want a change Dian Xin is the place to go. Avoid the queues and join the Yelp Waitlist. We waited about 40 minutes before being seated. The restaurant is a good size and the staff are friendly. The food is very tasty and well presented. I'd highly recommend the pan fried pork dumplings (the best I can remember eating anywhere in the world). The pepper beef was also very good. No license yet, so BYO.Can't even begin to describe how phenomenal this place is!! New Orleans has needed this more than ever! Dumplings, Bao and Pho is mouth watering!! Usually a line but worth the wait!!!Looking for an authentic Chinese restaurant, well look no further. This place is it. From a large choice of dumpings list to different meats and soups. This place has all the goodies. 
The service was great and fast. They were super polite and have a big menu. I felt welcomed and everything was clean. The aromas of Dian Xin made my mouth watery. As soon as I sat down I knew I was up for a treat. 
Sadly I could not enjoy the food as much as I would of loved to, as I felt rushed because got there a little too close to closing time and I burnt a layer of my tongue. So I highly recommend to wait for your food to become a little less hot as when served is extremely hot. This eventually hinder me tasting everything as it should of been. But I did have some steam pork buns before this and they were great.  I also tasted the shrimp and pork pan friend dumplings and also were great. 
Finally I burned my self with the Szechuan beef, but I did took it home and tried it the next day and it sure was delicious. I plan to come again as their menu is extensive and I love authentic Asian food and there is not many Chinese places in town, specially that taste this good with such a great service. 
I would recommend to anyone that is looking for authentic Chinese and even those that love dim sum. Because all the dumplings and the extensive menu would never get you bored. 
Now the ambiance is a little bright and loud. And of course the location being in the quarters is definitely place to stop by if you haven't done so.Authentic, delicious and fast service. Love this place! I've been several times and it just keeps getting better.Very good. I had the shrimp fried rice and it was delicious. Staff was very friendly.Went with large group and staff was very understanding and accommodating of our many orders. Vegetarian items were limited, but the veggie dumplings were solid. If you are a garlic and onion lover, the Garlic Shrimp is a MUST HAVE! It was phenomenal. The salt and pepper squid was delicious, and the soup dumplings are must have if you eat meat. The market here for this type of food is pretty saturated but we would still go back even though wait times are long. It's a good option for good food in the quarter. Be sure to make a reservation during peak hours.Best and most authentic Chinese food in New Orleans. The names are the same but the dishes are way better than your regular Chinese takeout. The Dim Sum is good but the entrees are better and unique. This is one of my go-to eating spots while in the quarter and the menu is locally priced.The staff so nice and helpful with the menu. Everyone was wearing masks and proper spacing.
The food!!! The food was so good fresh and some of the best bao and dumplings I've ever had! Run don't walk to get some delicious authentic food.Love their xiao long bao  and sizzling garlic shrimp. Everything is super tasty. Can't go wrong with this place.Well, maybe dining in is great, however please DO NOT get delivery from them. It has been nearly over 3 hours and no food. Called the restaurant and no answer. DO NOT GET DELIVERY.Welllll damnnnnn. Passed by this spot so hungry....I opened the door and the beautiful and tantalizing smells from this restaurant welcomed me in. We were greeted, showed our vax cards and we were seated. The energy in here was good and our waiter was attentive and patient with us while we reviewed the digital menus. We ordered the salt and pepper wings, chicken bao buns, chicken dumplings and the beef noodle soup. Honestly, it's difficult to choose the star of the show because each dish held its own. I really ( and unexpectedly) loved the beef noodle soup. This bowl of goodness arrived with its 5 spice scent grabbing my nostrils. One sip and it left my lips tingling. Must be love, am i right? 
This place is on my favorites of Nola!Delicious dumplings!!!!!! They taste like the famous Din Tai Fung dumplings on west coast. My daughter likes the little fish pond inside the restaurant. Very family friendly place. Love that there was no music played in the restaurant. It gave us so much peace being away from the loud music everywhere in French Quarter and the crowd. We enjoyed our dinner very much.Wow. Needed a break from the heavy Creole dishes and decided on Chinese. Was NOT expecting to find this calibur of Chinese food in the French Quarter. This place is authentic and one of the best Chinese restaurants I have eaten at- Traditional soup dumplings were outstanding as well as the fried rice with XO sauce. Looking forward to visiting again next time.Everything was so delicious, I'll be back! 
Be prepared, everything doesn't come all out at once. It works out perfect because you can taste each dish as it arrives.
Friendly service.Got the soup dumplings and chicken with eggplant and the food was amazing! Friendly vibe and amazing prices. I'm already planning when we come back.Best Chinese in the city. There was a point in time I was addicted. Only complaint is it's kind of hard to get to, but it's worth it.I've been to this restaurant twice and I feel that I can really confidently say it's worth the hype. You want to know the worst part about it? It's small so there's a pretty good chance you'll have to wait if you want to sit and eat. I've gotten the bok choy and snow pea tips and they actually make me want to eat my vegetables. The salt fish and chicken fried rice was good though a bit too salty for me  so I think I'd recommend just the chicken fried rice. The chicken kale dumplings, salt and pepper squid and soup dumplings are all great. The omelette is nothing like you'd find at your typical American breakfast joint so I wasn't the biggest fan of that but seriously I love this place. Beware to people who don't eat pork and especially vegetarians, there's not a lot of truly meat free options and a large portion of their menu contains pork especially.Everything here was great we had dumplings garlic shrimp cucumbers and I can't remember the other thing but it was so affordable I think it was $50 for the two of us the waitress was really quick the food came out quick I will definitely be coming back parking is a little challenging so I suggest that if you live in the city Uber but that is the only complaint other than that we loved the  foodThe dumpling hot and sour soup, MY GOODNESS. IT WAS AMAZING! I had the Szechuan Chicken as well, but it definitely was a bit bland. Totally disappointed but I'm definitely going back for the soup and to try other things as well.Dian Xin was recommended by a friend, and would be so easy to pass along the crowded street of Decatur. Thank goodness we stopped in because it rivals any Chinese cuisine I've ever had. Go!I dined at Dian Xin last week before parades and have been dreaming of it ever since. Half way through Chewbacchus, we were still describing the Long Bao to friends who missed out. 
The restaurant is small and casual. With only a few, mostly 2 top tables, there's often a wait. Despite having 4 or 5 people before me, we were sat within 10 minutes. I ordered the Long Bao right away which was smart as they are made to order by our servers mom in the kitchen. They came out about midway through our meal despite ordering the rest about 10 minutes later. The Bao was worth the wait.  We also enjoyed salt and pepper fried squid (perfectly seasoned) and the beef and eggplant. Even the rice was fantastic. 
I love the variety of the menu and can't wait to return. The only downside for me is that it's in the quarter, not super convenient for locals. Great for them, as they'll stay busy, but I think they would anywhere. But for the quality and deliciousness of Dian Xin, I'll make the trek, with my own bottle of wine (just be sure it's twist off or carry an opener).3.5 stars! 
Was craving Asian food that was a reasonable walking distance from our hotel and found this gem!
Atmosphere/service: small space but they definitely make it work. It feels like a hole in the wall which I loved. They have a QR code with the full menu at the table along with a nice laminated card that provides instructions on how to eat a soup dumpling which I thought was cute. Service was good.
Food/price: family style is the best way to eat Asian food. Table has soy sauce, black vinegar, and you can ask for chili oil. My friends and I shared:
-          Stir fried noodles XO sauce ($13): good, standard noodle dish. XO sauce isn't that strong and they provided a lot of chicken with some shrimp which was nice. They definitely didn't skimp out on that.
-          Crabmeat & crawfish soup dumplings aka xiao long bao ($12 for 6): pretty good, I could tell that they made the filling from scratch as there were a few tiny shell pieces. Not overwhelmingly seafoody
-          Salt & pepper squid ($9): good size for sharing as an appetizer. The calamari batter was light and crispy and had a good crunch. I think the actual calamari pieces were a bit small bc they were a bit dry when fried. Tasted pretty good when dipped in some black vinegar mixed with chili oil.
-          Shrimp har gow ($7 for 4): compared to others I've had I probably wouldn't get this again. The wrapper itself had a nice chewy texture but the actual taste had an aftertaste that I didn't absolutely love. The shrimp filling was okay.
-          Char siu jianbing ($10): my first time having this, the waitress described this as the Chinese version of ban xeo which I love. They're essentially crepes made from mung beans, rice, & wheat flour coated with a scrambled egg and filled with scallions, hoison sauce, chili paste, cilantro and crunchy wontons. They have different filling options, we had the char siu. I really enjoyed this, the size is actually pretty big and was definitely enough to share among 4 ppl. The hoisin and charsiu had a nice salt/sweet flavor and the wrap had a great texture. Would definitely get again
-          Sauteed snow pea tips ($13): sautéed in garlic, you really can't go wrong! Fresh veggies is always a good ideaDianxin is by far the best and the most authentic Chinese food that I have been able to find in NOLA. They have some really nice spicy Sichuan Dishes and I have had the Szechuan Chicken. The chicken was very authentic and there was plenty of food left over from it to take it home and have two additional meals. Additionally, this restaurant serves dim-sum which is exciting! As someone who does not eat beef or pork, Dim-sum options sometimes can be limited. However, they had Chicken Kale dumplings which I was able to try and I really appreciated they had this option! The dumplings were decent, but I feel for the quantity they were a little bit overpriced. Nevertheless, I am really glad that this restaurant is available to us since I have not yet been able to find  any other restaurants in NOLA with Dim-sum yet. The restaurant is in the quarter and it does get busy, but I was really happy with the service when I ate there.Great change of pace from the typical Nawlins fare. Great dim sum, comparable to any in Chinatown back home. I got walnut shrimp, Sui Mai, and steamed baos. Yum! Would come back and recommend highly. Their homemade sauces are amazing.Love love love this place! I wish it wasn't in the quarters. Everything I've ever had from there is delicious. It's not the normal trash American version of Chinese. It's amazing! They need a second location outside the quarters.Being a regular visitor to New Orleans, I like to try different types of cuisines and restaurants throughout the New Orleans area. I happened to be casually walking by when I stumbled upon this great find. On the outside, it is quite unassuming with limited seating --- possibly around forty seats. I waited about 30 mins to be seated, but it was well worth it. The dumplings were freaking fantastic -- exploding with flavor as well as the chicken and eggplant.  I had so much trouble trying to decide what to order because everything looked so appealing. I can't wait to come back next time I am in town.This is the best Chinese food I have had in a long time! The food is fresh and the menu has a lot of variety. They stayed open for to go service during a lot of the past year and the dining room is now open again. Their mixed fried rice is delicious! My kids also love the soup dumplings. It is a regular stop for us. Highly recommended!The food was good. We order the soup dumpling, fried rice, and orange chicken. All of which I recommend. We actually came to this place because most of the restaurants near the area had a long wait since it was a Sunday during lunch time. I'm glad we discovered this place since we were starving and had no more patience to wait considering we had a 6 year old and a 2 year old. The food came very quickly right after they took our order.My personal experience here was a 2.5 stars but only because of how nice the service was. They were very helpful on the phone helping us navigate the "waitlist" service when it was not working online for us, and held our table when we were running a little late. 
That being said, I was pretty disappointed with the food here. I have been wanting to try this restaurant for ages but am never in the french quarter area. I finally convinced my friend to come down here with me and I ended up being very disappointed with the food. Soup dumplings are one of my absolute foods and these were lacking in my opinion. They weren't served with ginger or a dipping sauce. The restaurant does offer soy sauce and vinegar on the table, but no bowls to mix in? Just 1 small plate per person which was too messy for me personally. 
I found the shrimp and pork shumai off putting as the pork tasted like a hotdog (and looked like one too.) 
The bao buns were ok, nothing to write home about and in my opinion pretty over priced. 
Also tried the crawfish crepe thing they have which is a food I have never tried before and I was not impressed, mostly because it did not seem to be well made and was falling apart when it was served to us. It was very dry and didn't have much flavor. 
That being said I love the concept of this restaurant and the menu, I hope they can improve on quality and I would possibly go back to try entree options rather than the dumplings, as the entrees other tables ordered looked nice!I am surprised at how good this place was. I can't give a 5/5 just because I was visiting NOLA and can't compare to other Asian restaurants since I haven't tried them out. But Dian Xin was very good. 
Note: USE THE YELP WAIT LIST. It helped us so much. We avoided waiting 45 mins+. We arrived just as our table was ready. So happy.. because I was starving. 
Xiao Long Bao/Soup Dumplings - these were great! Definitely worth getting. My batch of XLB was done just right. I know some places tend to over cook or make the soup drip out but Dian Xin did a solid job of keeping everything together. I recommend getting this. I'd even say their XLB beats out some of Atlanta's XLB versions. 
Sautéed Baby Bok Choys - Yum. Pretty delicious. I can't complain. I LOVE greens. Dian Xin's version is awesome. If you're a Bok Choy lover like I am, get this as a side. 
Service -
We had Stephanie. Pretty attentive and super nice. She also knew I was sitting near the register so tried to make sure I wasn't accidentally hit by random walking customers. 
Space - I'd say small. If you don't want to wait long.. use the yelp waiting list!Simply amazing. The boa was so good-we had three orders.  The General Tso's-amazing. In face everything we had was amazingBeing a novice cook, there are very few restaurants I would entertain any wait time over 20 minutes.  The criteria has to be something I cannot recreate at home due to sourcing ingredients, pro cooking technique that I don't have and /or time involved to cook. This restaurant falls into the category of worth the wait! The number one thing to know besides this is the best Chinese dim sum type of place ...is this restaurant is SMALL. There are like six tables of  2 and three tables of 4.  So don't make this a group dinner and don't include people who lack patience. The ideal number is 2 people or 4 max for an early dinner.  It is diagonal from one of our fave bars Molly's so you can get  a drink while you wait. We went on a Wednesday night around 6p and there was one open 2 top so we did not have to wait. The service was great and the food phenomenal!!! Dian Xin has filled the Soup Dumpling and street food void in New Orleans we locals have been wishing for! There are a few other restaurants in town such as Maypop and China Rose that have soup dumplings but they are either too doughy or its playing roulette as to whether there is broth in them. The other item I am excited they have is Jian Bing which is like a Chinese Crepe with a crunchy won ton or Chinese cracker inside the flavor profiles and textural thing happening here is a heck of a party! We can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.I was pleasantly surprised with my Szechuan Beef.  It was delicious and delivered on the "very spicy". I also had Hot and Sour soup which was also really tasty. I may have to cheat on my diet and try their Bao.I had read that this dim sum restaurant had opened in the French Quarter. Since, I I was in town for a conference, my colleague and I  decided to try Dian Xin for an early dinner. We got there when it opened so there wasn't a wait at all. We had ordered the soup dumplings, Peking style minced pork noodles and steamed pork dumplings. The soup dumplings were well-made and very tasty. The sauce for the  Peking style minced pork noodles (Zhajiangmian)  was almost spot-on--it was a little saltier than my preference.  It is not a full dim sum restaurant.  They have shumai, several types of dumplings, chive cake, several kinds of buns (baos) and jianbing (Chinese crepes), It's a nice hole-in-the-wall chinese restaurant.Entrance/Ambiance: A very small restaurant located in New Orleans. We went on a Sunday, so the flea market was open next to the area if that's something people would like to check out after the dining experience. Seat yourself upon arrival. 
Food: I put this place on my places to visit in New Orleans strictly for their Xiao Long Bao. Great flavor within the dumpling, though it could have been more of a balance between the soup inside. I would visit again if I wanted to get away from all the cajun food that I'm probably eating around the area for a quick bite. 
Service: The service was very quick and helpful.I must not have the palate for dim sum, because I found the soup dumplings and the crawfish and crab bao to be incredibly bland. 
The sesame chicken was good (and as other have noted, less greasy than other Chinese restaurants), but not good enough to warrant a second visit anytime soon.Easily the best Chinese food I've ever had outside of Chinatown in NYC.  Great job guys!
The egg rolls were spiced nicely with I'm guessing 5-spice, which is a nice change from the boring usual egg rolls you get at other places.
The Hot & Sour soup tasted like it was homemade, and was not too heavy.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I also had the General Tso chicken which wasn't red (thank god) and tasted lighter than most places and very fresh.  All around tasty dinner.
These days (covid) it's not likely I'll be going out to eat any time soon.  But I am so glad I ordered from Dian Xin this evening.  It's well worth the try.  I will be ordering again very soon.Today, we walked in to this restaurant for lunch. It was a busy time, but we were seated right away. The server was so friendly and amazing, and remembered our entire order.  Even the other servers that helped her out were wonderful!  The food was super hot and fresh, and just delicious. We will definitely be going back. Great place!Does not look like much walking by, but is a gem in the French Quarter. Delicious food and the dumplings are great.Absolutely LOVE this place!! The cucumber salad is the best! I also always order snow peas, wontons with spicy sauce and pork buns! Also so used to my regular that i haven't had the chance to try more off the menu but am still completely satisfied!We came twice during our 3 night trip because it was so good. Best Char Sui since I grew up in Asia. The Basil Popcorn chicken is insane too. We got the Chicken Jian Bing, little bao, honey chicken, soup dumplings, bok choy, green beans, and pork Bao. Extremely. Good. And kind service.What an awesome surprise to find a genuine and good Dim Sum restaurant in the French Quarter. Salt and Pepper was yummy!I give it 1 star because they have good foods but one night I went here to grab some dinner with my friend and I found lipstick on the cup that i'm drinking from.
that was disgusting and they just grab my cup and replace it with a new one that didnt do nothing and I'm traumatized at that point.
we're still in the middle of pandemic sucks that they have a really good food but clearly they don't check the cleanliness of their dishes before their serve they customer.
i should've take a picture of the cup but I was in shocked because i've been drinking from that dirty nasty cup since we sat down and until the foods were servedI believe with time, they got their logistic straightened up - the wait time was not bad at all and the food came out extremely fast. Service was impeccable. Will be back!Checked in at about 730/745pm and got seated at 9pm for a Saturday night, but it was well worth the wait! The text waitlist system was great because we could check out some of the nearby shops and bars to the restaurant while we waited. Inside the restaurant itself only has a few tables which makes sense for the longer wait especially during peak times. 
Once sat, service was so great and the food came out quick and hot. Crab Rangoons were solid and the sauce that came with them was delicious. Chicken fried rice was a huge portion, xiao long bao were flavorful and steaming. Pork Bao came with 2 but were large! Overall, we ordered quite a few dishes that were all great and it was pretty affordable too. Will definitely return!Take-out experience on a Tuesday. Very quick to have the food ready.
The food was variable in terms of quality.
XLBs the skin was too thick and the broth was not on point. 
The Chao Fun was pretty good, well-flavored and noodles the perfect chewy texture
Beef and eggplant - slightly undercooked eggplant
The wontons in spicy sauce - it was okay, probably would recommend eating them fresh and in the store as they were stuck together for takeout
Chicken and green beans - par for the course
Popcorn chicken - well-crisped and flavorful
Salt and pepper pork chop - flavorful, a little too salty, but also well-cooked
In all, the food was okay. Would go back, but probably just if I'm in the areaPerfect dim sum in a cute little French quarter location, very authentic.  The 1st time I came here I could not stop thinking about the soup dumplings.My only gripe is that the to go containers are Styrofoam they need to get rid of them.Do yourself a favor.  After all the Cajun and "go to" NOLA fare...and there are some really fabulous restaurants in this town.  This is the change up pitch that will strike you out!   Cozy, unpretentious and delicious.  Feel like the late great Anthony Bourdain stumbling upon a gem!  Great dim sum and Bao plus some other Asian fare that is well priced and so good. It's a small place with no reservations. It might be a wait but well worth it. I don't even think they have a bar.  Food is so reasonably priced and the staff are friendly and helpful.  Can't wait to come back.  I am in NOLA once or twice a year on biz so I've eaten in most of the 5 star and classic places.  This offers a great change of pace and you can go back to your hotel dated but not feel drowned in heavy cream sauce or grease like lots of classic southern dishes. EnjoyThis is probably one of the most authentic chinese dishes I've ever tasted in New Orleans. 
I trusted the recommendation section and ordered Shu Mai, Xiu Long Bao, Hot and Hour soup dumpling soup, sizzling garlic shrimp, and bean curd seaweed salad. Everything tastes delicious and bao bao dishes are juicy and flavorful. I am not a big fan of the salad. 
You can save time by reserve your seat on Yelp before you go there. The App will show waiting time and how many parties before yours. You get notification when your table is ready. 
Parking: the restaurant located downtown New Orleans. If you want to save money, go after 6pm for free street parking.My family was so hungry in the French Quarter and we wanted a great place to eat. When we came across this little hole in the wall, we were excited to eat there. We were not disappointed either. Because it was our first time, we did not know what to order but our waitress was more than willing to help us. She was very kind and had our food out pronto. Not to mention, our food was delicious! It tasted so fresh because everything was made from scratch! It came out nice and hot! We will come back for more of those wonderful dumplings and the great service.I had been there Several times before the pandemic and every time was amazing last night I decided to order takeout and it was not very good at all the only thing that seems to be the same with the long the basil chicken was overcooked and dry the crab meat and crawfish bao barely had any liquid in it. I'm looking forward to going back when the pandemic is over because I will not ever order takeout from there again it was a waste of money, especially knowing how great the food is under normal circumstances.We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner and happened to wander by this place. Oh my goodness, I'm so glad we did. We ordered the crabmeat & crawfish bao along with the stir fried noodles. Absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back.We got take out and it was great quality Chinese food. It gets a solid 4* . We ordered a bunch of vegetarian dishes and it was great.The wait was a little long but it was worth it. I haven't had any Chinese like that In New Orleans. It was definitely authentic Chinese food from the soup dumplings to the fried rice. There is not a lot of seating but once you get seated the food comes out rather quickly. Overall I'd definitely recommend.Love the food here. I always get the walnut shrimp, soup dumplings, cucumber salad, and the pan-fried tiny bao. I recommend trying all! Definitely join the waitlist on yelp though because the wait is always 45 mins or more.This is one of my favorite places in the city. I eat it at least once a week. So much of the food is so good, so in no way is it exhaustive when I name some of the dishes I love. I almost always order the pork pan fried dumplings and cucumber salad. The hot and sour soup with dumplings is also fantastic, but only get if you like spicy food, same with the spicy chilled noodles. The soup dumplings and tiny bao are also great. The beef chow fun and XO noodles are both great. The walnut shrimp, popcorn basil chicken, sizzling blackened steak and salt and pepper squid are delicious. The broccoli, bok choy, and snow pea tips are really great to round out your orders with some extra veggies. The staff is wonderful and extremely friendly. It can get crowded, but that is because it is so good. There are many other wonderful things on the menu, a surprise that you might not think to try are the chicken mozzarella balls, which are also great! I think whatever you order you will not be disappointed!About time we got an authentic Chinese place in New Orleans !! To note: this is not a dim sum place, although they do have soup dumplings and a couple dim sum staples.
The atmosphere is nice and cozy. It's a small space, but seems larger when you're inside. It's always pretty busy so expect a wait! 
My friends and I got a couple of the dishes to share: the popcorn chicken, egg roll, chicken eggplant, soup dumplings, and the crawfish and crabmeat soup dumplings. The popcorn chicken was amazing! Loved the crunchiness of the basil with the savory and crispy chicken bites. The egg roll was not too great. I've never really liked deep fried egg roll, but if you do you may enjoy this appetizer. The chicken eggplant was great! The flavors were on point, and the smooth eggplant complemented the more textured chicken. Loved the pairing with rice. The soup dumplings were well flavored, although I felt the skin was sometimes a bit thick, and some of them had holes so the soup was already gone by the time we ate it. The crawfish and crabmeat soup dumplings were not as tasty as the regular pork soup dumplings. They were on the bottom tray, and since we didn't get to them right after they came out, by the time we ate them they were a bit cold. 
Definitely would come back to try some of their other dishes. My friend ordered a crepe for herself and really
Enjoyed it! Don't expect super great dim sum here compared to other places located in major chinatowns, but it's some of the best in NOLA!Really great authentic Chinese in the french quarter. Yummy. We needed a break from the seafood and fried food. Glad we found it. Great, friendly servers. Fast preparation and the flavors were c'est bon! I got the cold noodles, chicken pancake and my boyfriend got the chicken and eggplant. All were delicious. I also ordered a glass of plum wine and it was a big glass!I LOVE CHINESE FOOD!
But I hate driving in the quarter which is why I have decided to dock off a star.
Overall good tasting food. My favorite items are the soup dumpings and chili chicken. Would probably order togo from now on instead of dining inAbsolutely the WORST experience ever here. We used to eat here all the time ( about once a week ) but we moved so this was the first time back in about 5 months. 
Waitress was rude ( short with her hair in 2 buns) and never said more than 2 words to us the whole time. 
The food was ok, but nowhere near quality. The cold spicy noodles had a strange aftertaste, the pork was nothing but gristle. We sent the pork recieving a roll of eyes from the waitress.  After we were done with everything the replacement port finally came out and did not taste good at all. We had also gotten pork dumplings and tiny bao and those tasted like they were microwaved.
Now in the entire time we were there, we only saw our waitress when we had to get her attention. 
Food sucked and left us nauseous and angry.
Don't go unless you have nowhere else to go.