I wanted to give you 100 stars, but yelp wouldn't let me.
Took my family out to Dick & Jenny's for the first time last night, and we had no idea what to expect. My parents were a little apprehensive to try a new place, but I convinced them to go. 
From the moment we walked in, it was INCREDIBLE experience! Our waitress, Hopie, delivered impeccable service, as well as, the chef/owner, Merlin. He created a special dish for my mom that was low-carb. And he was playing in the kitchen creating new things, and he brought us out samples. 
We ordered the fried oyster appetizer, the eggplant truffle fries, cornbread, Shrimp and Grits x2, The crab tower (crab cake topped with soft shell crab topped with lump crab meat), and a scallops and vegetables low-carb plate for my mom. And for dessert, we had the vanilla and chocolate cheesecake with homemade whipped cream and blueberries. ALL of it was incredible! All of our taste buds were blown away. And everything was homemade and fresh! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
We'll definitely be back! See you soon Merlin & Hopie!After a long cab ride from the French Quarter, we wondered if it would be worth the expense and effort...Absolutely! Our server, Julia, was delightful. A charming environment added to our meal. The food was beautifully prepared. The veal sweetbreads were amazing and the hors d'oeuvres sampler was a great way to taste the exceptional options. The poblano cheesecake was definitely worth the calories. The pistachio cake was irresistible after one small taste, so don't even try it if you don't want to be seduced! My only disappointment was how noisy the main room gets when there are large parties ( there were 2).  Def go!The meal was wonderful. And thank you for accommodating our late request for a reservation.  The duck entrée was very generous. And the fried green tomatoes will be delicious to you if you like creole/dijon mustard. I tasted them and they were great until the mustard taste kicked in. I would bring another couple to dinner here.We came here with great expectations and were really disappointed with the taste of the food.  My ribeye steak was OK, but just.  The mushroom-sage demi-glaze was not very good and ended up drowning the whole thing.  The asparagus was a bit burned and the rice was just OK.  My wife had the fish bouillabaisse and it had very little taste to it.  For a place advertising itself as a creole there was a distinct lack of flavor in their dishes.
On the plus side, service was good and they accommodated our party of 8 very nicely.  However I will not be back.  There are too many other options in New Orleans to spend my money here.Enjoyed the cornbread, the fried oysters, and the scallops. Also, Robert the server assistant (?) is maybe the best restaurant employee I've ever met. We were cold waiting outside for our table, so he found us an inside area to wait that was warmer. Later when he helped deliver our food, he noticed we needed special utensils for our mussels (even though he wasn't our server), and noticed before we did. Big Robert fan!This is my overall favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  The neighborhoody atmosphere makes it feel comfortable for a drop-in, but the careful details and romantic lighting also make it feel like a special occasion restaurant.  The food is immaculate, the service is fantastic, and the prices are extremely reasonable.  This combination of haute cuisine and creole classics is the pinnacle of New Orleans eating.This place is so charming, and I often walk by it and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. When I finally made it around to coming here, however, I found that I was not one of them. It was loud, the service was poor, my steak was completely unremarkable. We came near the end of the night (although the place was still pretty full, and the staff (both front of the house and the kitchen) just seemed as if they were ready to be done and really not putting in full effort. I'll try them again, but not any time soon.Ooh! My friend took me to brunch here, and since I had never been, I was pretty excited.
Looking over the menu, everything looked amazing. First, warm cornbread was brought to the table. It was just like homemade and it was delicious. This was a great way to start the meal.
For our appetizer, we decided to try the bacon salad and the fried green tomatoes. The salad was amazing and came with a delicious mix of lettuce, apple slices and bacon. I feel that bacon really does make anything better, and this salad was no exception. The fried green tomatoes came out warm with crab on top and a creamed spinach topping. They too were amazing.
For my entree, I got the crabmeat and shrimp fritata. It was really good with tomatoes, cheese and mushrooms mixed in. I kind of wish it had a little more crab meat in it, but there was plenty of good sized shrimp, so that made up for it. My friend got the eggs Boudreaux, which was crabmeat and poached eggs topped with hollandaise and duck cracklins. I was able to try some of this dish, and as good as mine was, I was wishing that I had gotten this instead. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the sauce on top was delicious. When I go back, I will definitely be ordering this for myself.
I understand that brunch is fairly new here, and I loved it Our waitress, Melissa was really nice and attentive and made sure that we had everything that we needed. I can't wait to return.One of my all time favorites.  I used to bring my grandmother here for dinner so she could eat her favorite...sweetbreads.    The food is exquisite, the decor is cozy Uptown dive, and the staff does a great job.  I really don't mind waiting for a table when I can wait on a porch swing with a beverage in my hand.  
And if you thought it was already too busy in here, the NY Times just gave this place a glowing review in their "36 hours in..." Travel feature.  Looks like they'll be slammed for quite some time.  Sigh.Top notch place. Ate here with 4 friends, and we all loved our food. They have a deal for $39 (maybe $35?) to get an appetizer, entree, glass of wine, and dessert. This place is higher end without being too fussy.Can't say I tried a thing that I didn't like!
Gumbo of the day (shrimp and crab) had a lot of depth too, great flavor, and was the perfect consistency.  The cake-y cornbread went fantastically with it.
My main dish was the blackened louisiana flounder on a shrimp and mirliton stuffing--absolutely delicious.  The pan fried flounder was crisp on the outside, but flaky and flavorful.  The stuffing was absolutely delicious and included four large shrimp throughout.
I also sampled my wife's food and her items were equally tasty. She went with the Jenny's salad, which was expertly dressed (not drenched, but plenty of flavor), tasted extremely fresh, and had a great kick of flavor from the crumbled blue cheese; she also had the crab cakes (2) with fried green tomatoes (2 thick slices).  Not the best crab cakes consistency-wise (too much breading for me), but the overall flavor of the dish was fantastic and I couldn't take off a star.
The four of us got different drinks, so I was able to sample four great cocktails, each of them incredibly fresh and well-crafted including the Hemingway (an authentic daiquiri), a Margarita, the Porch Sipper (vodka/gin based and would be great for hot weather), and another margarita-type drink that included muddled jalapenos (can't remember the name). All good stuff.  In retrospect, if they included some bourbon on that cocktail list it would be much improved, but I didn't think of it then so it clearly didn't bother me too much.
All in all, very good eats away from the rest of tourists/visitors. Sometimes I need a break from people like me...This was one of my favorite stops during a recent trip to New Orleans.  The ambience is homey, the staff is very friendly, and the menu is eclecticly southern with a few international twists.  I started with a fried green tomato/crab cake stack followed by creole shrimp with goat cheese grits.  My dining partner had a delicious thai curry with shrimp and fresh fish.  The cocktails are inventive, some are served in mason jars.  If you don't have a car, a taxi from the French Quarter will run you about twenty bucks.  Worth the trip, though.  you can have an excellent meal here followed by live jazz at Dos Jefes or Tipitina's, the latter of which is just a block away.New Orleans is a great town for cuisine, and dick and jenny's is probably as good as it gets for an out of towner, maybe even a local.
To be fair, traveling is much easier with an iphone and Yelp in your pocket, this helped lead us to the dick and jenny's.
Allow me to spin a little yarn: It's New Year's Eve and it's about 6:00 pm. We've kinda been drinking in the afternoon (hic!) and we are lounging about the hotel room deciding what to do for the evening. Everyone says that we're gonna hafta be creative for dinner since we won't be able to get a reservation anywhere. I, being as beauregardlessly as I can, take this as a challenge to get us into an awesome restaurant. 
So with yelp and iphone in hand, I start calling places. They start laughing at me. But I come across Dick and Jenny's and call and they tell me they don't take reservations, but if someone shows up and puts a name on the list, they will be given a time to show back up. Well we're staying near bourbon, but my buddy in nola lives a few miles up Tchoupitoulos (chop-eh-tool-us), only a few blocks from the restaurant. So he walks over, puts our name on the list, and we show up at 10:30 as instructed. Now this seems like a really silly policy to me, but it got us in new years' eve with relatively no hassle or bills stuffed into palms. 
Now the valet's take forever with the car (see my review of the downtown nola Sheraton) but we still somehow make it on time and realize that we are in for a treat. Dress is casual, waiters are ex-hippies, food is upscale french and nawlins cuisine, and we have a table. 
We start off with the appetizer sampler (found in the entrees portion of the menu) which is perfect for groups to share. We had five people, and the combination of the fried oysters, portabello and bleu cheesecake (more like a quiche or frittata, really) and the eggplant and crabcake napoleon really hit the spot. I wasn't that big a fan of the cheesecake, but the girls at the table really liked it, I blame my distaste for mushrooms in general. Call it a prejudice, if you like.
We then proceeded to share 4 entrees, BBQ shrimp and grits, Duck Confit with smoked duck breast, Lamb shank with smothered white beans, and something else that I can't fucking remember right now, but it was delicious. The BBQ Shrimp and grits were the best.
They have a decent winelist but NYE they were out of Malbec (YIKES!) but tell us they have a $10 corking fee. So Jeremiah W. and I hop into the Pontiac G6 and scoot down to the nearest Winn-Dixie for some vino and bubbly, looks like we're gonna be here through midnight. I select what ends up being a terrible cheap prosecco and a decent malbec that we enjoy throughout the meal. We toast at midnight, slightly enjoy a moderately dry piece of chocolate cake (new pastry chef, dick and jenny's?) and enjoy scotch and coffee until we feel we've outstayed our welcome. 
Great experience, great atmosphere, great food and waitservice. Go, my people, and enjoy.We were really excited to finally be dining at Dick & Jennie's since it has been on our list for years. Our plan was to have an early dinner on our first night in town. We arrived a little earlier than 5:30 when they open but the staff was very happy to have us sit outside with a drink and wait for dinner service to commence. Everyone was very friendly and very attentive. We started with the fried oysters and the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake, I had the smoked duck with corn maque choux and my wife had the drum with crawfish risotto. The kitchen made our son some chicken tenders and fries. Everything was very well made. The duck was tender and smokey and the drum was perfectly prepared...the crawfish risotto was really delicious. I would definitely eat here again.We had dinner here on Friday night. Across the board, we were very happy. The food was excellent -- expertly prepared and presented. I wouldn't call it quite superlative, but I'm sure not complaining either. I started with the gumbo and had a sautéd redfish as my main. We also had some bread pudding for dessert.
The ambiance was cozy. It's in an older building with gobs of charm. D&J's is over on Tchoupitoulas, roughly halfway through the Garden District, and almost along the river. Certainly not in one of the main touristy areas, but that's OK.
The prices were also quite fair.
If you're looking for excellent food in a comfy setting that's a bit off the beaten path, give D&J's a try. We made our reservation using OpenTable, and that worked out great.
Why not 5 stars? When I compare them with our other experiences here in NOLA, like Commander's and Cochon, they're one small notch down in quality terms, if you ask me. Still excellent, but not quite at the top. But don't let that stop you from having a fun experience away from the tourist hot spots.Visiting from Austin, TX and I turned to my fellow Yelpers for guidance.  Thank you all!!  What a neat place to have a very good dinner.  We felt very comfortable the moment we walked in.  It is a converted house with 12 tables in the front main room, and maybe 12-16 more tables in the back two rooms.  We had the Grouper and the Lamb shank as our main entrees.  They just changed the menu out but have not updated the website.  Both entrees were very good.  The prices are reasonable and the waitstaff attentive.  The Lamb shank was braised and served on beds of smashed chick peas and Isreali? cous-cous.  The chick peas had some Indian spices and the cous-cous pearls were large and very flavorful.  We had a huge dessert, the ice cream sundae sandwich.  A good bottle of wine, a shared salad, and an appetizer pushed the bill to a little over $100 but it was much less expensive than the meal we had at Emeril's last year.Amazing dinner!  Started with their savory cheesecake with alligator sausage, crab and shrimp. My partner had to fight me off to get more than one bite. Had the pork cheeks and you could cut with a fork. Service was great. Would highly recommend.This place was amazing! My parents were in town visiting and I wanted to take them somewhere they have never been where the food is amazing and the atmosphere is pretty casual.  I have passed by this place many times, heard good things about it, and I finally decided to give it a try. I am so glad that I did! I started with a cocktail; the ginger mint julep was mixed to perfection. My dad got the oyster rockefeller soup which was definitely the best I have tried so far throughout the city. For dinner I got the Louisiana Gulf Flounder with Shrimp & Mirliton Stuffing over Chorizo Risotto, Topped With Lemon-Thyme Beurre Blanc. I was a little bit curious because I didn't know how well all the ingredients would go together but the combination was to die for! Everything felt so light which I still can't figure out because it was so filling.  My mom picked the 12 Oz. Grilled Ribeye With Wild & Dirty Rice, Grilled Asparagus & a Mushroom-Sage Demi-Glaze  and my dad picked the Gulf Fish Bouillabaise (Traditional Crab, Shrimp & Calamari Bouillabaise topped with Seasonal Gulf Fish of the Day). I tried both dishes and they were great. As we were leaving my dad told the waiter that he was a bastard (that may have been the heavily poured whiskeys) because now for the next two weeks everything he eats will taste like crap.
Great atmosphere and Louisiana food cooked to perfection!I love Dick and Jenny's! I came here for the first time on Valentine's Day. We had a great dinner and our waitress was able to make a really great wine suggestion. We returned recently with a fairly large group and had an equally great meal. I've heard that they're under new ownership these days, but don't let that deter you from coming back if you've been a fan in the past. The great taste and great staff don't seem to have gone anywhere. 
On my second visit they had a cocktail menu that was absolutely worth noting. Great drinks! I'm not sure if this is new or not, but it's a huge perk.
Another perk: I've always been a fan of Jaquimos on Oak St. for it's quirky atmosphere and traditional/upscale/creative menu. Buuuut they don't take reservations. If you want to be sure to get a table without a wait, have an equally as amazing meal, and probably a little more quiet this is a great pick.This has become our "special occasion" go to place.  The fried green tomato with crab meat appetizer was delicious.  We generally opt for a fish of some sort.  Recently I had drum on a grain bed with beautiful string beans over the top.  We have eaten here a half dozen times and have never left disappointed in any way.Wonderful food, excellent service.  There were countless parties waiting the average time of an hour to be seated, but Rebecca and I played it cool by heading to the bar and ordering.  Artichoke and lobster risotto, dee-licious.  Don't mind if I do.Dick and Jenny's completely wowed me on my first visit three years ago, and if I were basing on that experience alone, I would give it 5 stars. Everything we had was delicious, and the service was low key but great. 
My husband and I were thrilled to get a reservation for 8:15 pm on New Year's Eve. However, our experience this time was a total letdown. We arrived 5 minutes early. The host who greeted us began to lead us to a table in the front room, which I was happy about since it was warmer in there, but another woman came along and turned us around and took us to a table in the back that was close to the (opening) door. I almost said something but didn't, and regretted it. 
Our server was not particularly friendly or attentive. I asked for the beet salad. Soon after, the server returned to the table to let me know that they were out of the beet salad, so I settled for the house salad. It was ok, but nothing memorable. We ordered a glass of wine and a club soda, and these didn't arrive until we were almost finished with our appetizers. We requested another round just as the entrees were delivered, and they didn't arrive until we were nearly finished with the entrees. I had the filet, which was overcooked (I ordered it medium rare and it was barely pink), and the blue cheese potato gratin was overwhelming. I had to scrape a lot of the blue cheese off as it completely overpowered the dish. We shared the pot de crème for dessert; nothing special, and quite small. My husband liked his oysters and pork cheek.
When we got the check and I realized that we were charged $6 for my husband's two club sodas. This costs them NOTHING. They were served in mason jars and when the server had asked if he wanted another, he assumed refills were free. I can handle charging a small amount for club soda, but charging for each one is ridiculous, especially when it's a relatively high charge to begin with and I was ordering alcohol. Especially when they made no effort to make up for my first choice appetizer not being available (and didn't inform me before I ordered it), this was maddening. With an overcooked steak thrown in, I don't need to go back here. With so many incredible restaurants in New Orleans, there's no point in going to places that dish out mediocre meals and overcharge for them. It was a very disappointing final meal of the year.My parents were in town for a weekend stay! I hadn't seen my dad (the foodiest of the foodies himself) in over two years, so I was pressed to find a great Creole restaurant for an authentic New Orleans experience.
Because their visit coincided with Loyola graduation weekend, Commander's Palace had been fully booked for over a month! Shoot. Though I usually try to stay clear of French Quarter establishments of touristy fame, as the hour came down to the evening of the big NOLA dining experience, I reluctantly made a reservation at some $$$$$$$$ restaurant when I came across D&J's.
My oh my, how did it take me close to a year to find the best Creole restaurant in town???
For appetizer: we ordered Jambalaya and BBQ shrimp, which were already filling enough along with their great bread basket - (cornbread included yum!) Though both tasted as if prepared from the same base of roux sauce, the BBQ shrimp was a tad sour and smoky that played with our palate in so many different ways! Needless to say, we had cleaned the plates with the breads.
To my great surprise, our friendly waitstaff brought out a separate plate of table napkins with lemon wedges to clean our hands after the tantalizing BBQ shrimp experience. How neat!
For entrees: a drumfish dish for dad, a sampler of appetizers for me and for mom, a veggie Lasagna. All were unbelievably outstanding. One of the appetizers on my plate included a jalapeno/shrimp cheesecake, which was a far better savory cheesecake than the famous alligator cheesecake from the "neighborhood restaurant" by Carrollton. I also couldn't help but note how colorful my plate was, reflecting the freshness of the ingredients (sorry... I didn't take pictures). Both my parents, who are accustomed to Korean dishes without so much butter and oil, were very satisfied as well!
This will be my go-to Creole restaurant to bring out-of-town visitors from now on. Commander's is great for a fancy-pants 4$$$$ dining experience at half the price of what one might find in NYC, but Dick and Jenny's does what it does best and what all restaurants should do best - Food and love of food and its customers.Merlin is killing the game out here!! Everything is delicious. Nick at the bar making great drinks and great conversation. I will definitely stop here every time I come to New Orleans.We heard of this place from friends and had to try it. It is not in central New Orleans so you have to want to go there, my advice is that it's worth the trip. 
We began with the scallops appetizer which was the best scallops I have tasted. Melt in your mouth is an insult to these scallops. We also had the baked oysters which came straight from the grill to our table. Warning, if you allow them to cool briefly then the topping baste the oyster in wonderful flavor. Needless to say we enjoyed them. 
Entrees were ahi tuna and short ribs. The ahi was fresh, seared to perfection and one of the largest servings I've ever had in a coastal restaurant. My wife's short ribs tasted as if they had been marinated for days. The meat and greens were the perfect combination and made the meal impossible to stop eating. 
Because we had no disappointments we had to have dessert. As was expected, the flourless chocolate brownie with vanilla bean ice cream was the coup de gras. 
All in all and unforgettable dining experience that showed thought, talent and skill. Highly recommended if you prefer a unique dining experience that sets itself apart from normal restaurants.Excellent soul food. The drum was incredible as were the fried green tomatoes. Four stars because we kind of lost the attention of our server half way through the meal.Our first time there-but won't be our last!
Service was outstanding, cocktails perfect and the food was excellent!Pricey but worth EVERY penny. Everything is done to perfection and has a touch of Southern flare.Loved every part of our experience at this restaurant. I had the chicken and andouille gumbo of the day, it was rich, thick and smokey. I really loved it, Miriam thought the andouille smoke was a bit much for her taste. I could taste all the other flavors through it so I really thought it was perfect. I had the fried oyster salad with blue cheese, apples and pecans. Perfectly fried cornmeal dusted oysters surrounded a perfect salad with blue cheese dressing. Miriam ordered the starter plate of fried oysters and was over the moon for the remoulade it came with. We ended with perhaps the best bread pudding we've had in New Orleans and trust me I have had dozens. It was really moist with plump, juicy raisins. Swimming in a rich bourbon sauce, it just doesn't get better than this one.Dick $ Jenny's has been recommended more than a few times for " amazing Creole/Cajun home cooking" that is worth the higher than normal price.  I couldn't have been more disappointed.  
Sometimes I think restaurants in this town get a pass if they throw words like "creole" and "confit" together, over-bread and over-butter everything, and then charge $30 for the entree.  Throw in poor service and lazy presentation and you've got one star.
Atmosphere:  rustic, Christmas lights, random junk on the wall.  Not arrogant or imposing, really comfortable.
Drinks:  Very well done, tasty.  Interesting cocktail list.
Service:  Decent, but as others have mentioned, felt really, really rushed towards the end of the meal as we were getting near (but not *that* near) to closing time on a Friday night.  Waitress wouldn't split checks.  If the people working for dimes at Ruby Tuesday can do it, and if the folks at Commanders can do it, so can you, Dick and Jenny.
Food:  
-Appetizer: fried green tomatoes and crab meat.  Tomatoes were thin but not too greasy.  Fine flavor, but came out *ice cold*, which in any restaurant on any level, especially one with this sort of reputation, is a mortal sin.  The cornbread which came with the meal was also ice cold and had definitely been sitting out for a while.  Tasted like it came from out of a box.
-Entree:  Chicken, okra, and sausage gumbo.  It was good but not great, and also lukewarm.  Friend got the ribeye which comes smothered in a heavy gravy.  Gravy had good, smoky flavor, but the cut of meat was cheap and very chewy.  Very, very thin for a $30 rib-eye.  Had the consistency you'd expect from a $5.00 steak from Win-Dixie.  So chewy.  Other friend had duck dish served in crepe cigars.  Crepes were mushy and cold, and there was a random, huge pile of fresh shaved carrots on the whole dish.  Duck itself was good if you get through the mushy crepe and pile of carrots.
Overall:  After living in this town for a bit now, I'm noticing a trend where restaurants here think they can get away with serving expensive food with arrogant service and mediocre food just because they are doing little swirls of sauce on the plating and using fancy naming like "duck cigars" on their menus.  At the end of the day, food quality matters, and doing things like serving food cold is never, ever OK, especially when you are paying $40+ a head.  
New Orleans may be one of the best food cities in country, but you still have to earn it.
One star.  Don't try it.Came here with my wife. It was pretty empty. The food was good but not great. We were sat in the bar half of the restaurant and the bartender was playing music that kinda killed the romantic vibe and made me regret paying $100 for the two of us. I'm glad I went because it settled my curiosity but I won't be going back for dinner.I should start this review by saying that I haven't been down to NOLA in about 2 years BUT I always crave dick & jenny's and tell everyone who's heading there that they HAVE to go.
One on occasion with a group of about 8 ppl we had dinner. I ordered a beef dish, can't remember how it was prepared but it was phenomenal and my friend had ordered a different entree which he was enjoying. We were sharing our plates and raving about how each dish was better than the next that my friend decided to have another entree and ordered what I was having for dinner. He's not a big guy by any means, and 2 entrees for dinner with helpings of apps prior isn't a normal occurrence, it was just that it was so good, he needed to have both!
I'll be sure to update this review in about 2 weeks when I get there again!Overall a disappointment. The bouillabaisse was just ok. A little chloriny tasting. The duck was overcooked. Special appetizer was a crawfish cheese egg thing that was sort of like a quiche. It was good -- not great. Crust was a little pasty instead of crisp.this place is back on its game! dinner last night was excellent. the gumbo is delicious.
I had black drum over crawfish risotto with shaved asparagus, and it was excellent.
and the wine , both by the glass and by 
the bottle, is not only good but reasonably priced.After reading lots of great reviews, we had to try this place.  It completely lived up to our expectations.  My husband had the smoked duck, and everything on his plate was great.  I ordered the Filet of Beef, and it was one of the best I've ever had.  It was cooked exactly as I requested and was perfectly tender.  The mashed potatoes were also very good.  For dessert, we had the Ice Cream and Cookie Sandwich.  It was HUGE.  It would have been better if it was a little more thawed.  They gave me a knife to eat it with, and I actually needed it.  It was even difficult to cut with a knife.  My husband had the Irish Creme Brule (Bailey's, Jamison, and Guinness in Creme Brulee).  He raved about it, and I could tell he really wanted to lick the little bowl.  Instead, he ate half of my Ice Cream Sandwich because it was that big.  The atmosphere was great (just hope you don't get really loud, obnoxious diners next to you as we did).  The outside is very deceiving to what you will find inside, so don't be put off by it.  The service was good though our waiter seemed irritated that we didn't order appetizers; pretty sure she muttered something under her breath.  That and the too frozen dessert are the only reasons they don't get 5 stars.  We will definitely be back and will bring visitors with us so they can get a great New Orleans meal.Great menu. Took my moms there for brunch to meet my beau. It was elegant, delicious, and has an option for everyone.Nice service that was extra accommodating. Food was prepared simple with cheap cuts which makes me wonder why it is so pricey. In all it was a nice experience that I will leave at only once. There are better options in the surrounding area with better prepared food at a lower price.Dick & Jenny's is located in New Orleans' Uptown.  Their focus is on upscale Louisiana cuisine, but in a casual setting.  As such, the restaurant is located in an old wooden cottage.  Small, intimate, and candle-lit.  We had a reservation for a large group of 12 on a Saturday night.  We arrived early and the table was already setup and waiting for us.
The menu is seasonal with a handful of items: appetizers, soups/salads, entrees, and desserts.  They also have specials not on the menu, one of which included a calamari starter that we ended up ordering.  Among the items I tried:
Corn-fried calamari - served with spicy sauce on top of spinach
Corn-fried Louisiana oysters - also included cole slaw and remoulade (mayonnaise-based French sauce)
Seared duck breast - served with two slices of Louisiana alligator sausage, dirty rice, greens, and smoked sage demi-glace (rich brown French sauce)
The table also gets complimentary corn bread and French rolls.  The corn bread is served in soft, fluffy blocks.  It was some of the best corn bread I've had in a while.  The blocks were moist, delicate, and crumble in your hand.  Loved the fried oysters and they are best eaten with the slaw and remoulade at the same time.  The oysters were light and crispy.  The duck breast and alligator sausage were amazing.  The duck breast was thick yet tender and the alligator sausage was very flavorful.  They were perfect with both the greens and rice.  Everyone loved their dishes.  Check out the photos I've uploaded with this review to see what I'm talking about.
As mentioned previously, the restaurant is upscale, but has a casual atmosphere.  The tables are small.  Water is served in mason jars.  Service was great, from the host to the servers.  We cabbed it here, so I can't say much about the parking, although I didn't see any valet or parking lot.  Looked like just street parking around the restaurant.  Overall, an excellent dining experience.Ummm... amazing.  Staff was awesome, and it is open on Sunday!!!!  I love this and the bar a few doors down.This has been a family favorite for many years. It's been about 1.5 yrs since our last visit and boy oh boy have things changed. I heard through the grapevine that there'd been a change in ownership sometime in the last year or two and I don't know whether the new ownership is to blame or not but this was by far the most disappointing dining experience I've had in a long time. We arrived at 7:45 and we're promptly seated. That was about the only prompt aspect of the entire experience... I hate to lay all blame on the server but it's hard to hold anyone else responsible when it all came down to our server's ability to tend to the tables assigned to her. If it werent a faux pas, I think everyone at our 4-top would've been open to flagging her down when we needed anything because short of that, it was clear we weren't going to see anything near the standard of service we had come to expect at Dick & Jenny's from our past experiences. It took about 15 minutes for our server to even visit our table after we were seated. From there it took another 20-30 minutes to get our first order of cocktails and we received our appetizers about 50 min after being seated.  It took almost 2 hours (I think our food arrived right around 9:30/9:35) to get our entrees which were room temperature at best by the time they reached our table...mine was bordering on cold (kitchen has to use heat to cook the food so I don't see how it could be blamed on anything other than the fact that our food was allowed to sit and lose all heat before being retrieved from the kitchen and delivered to our table).  Cocktails took 25- 35 minutes to reach our table each time we ordered them.... there were 3 tables who were seated after us and somehow managed to order and completely finish their meals before we even saw our entrees .... Noone ever offered bread to our table though all 7 other tables in the room at any given time had all been served a bread basket. .. There was one other table next to us who was seated ater us but who had a similar experience (it was bad enough for then that when they go their cold entrees they tapped my husbands shoulder and asked how long we'd been there before getting our food and whether it was cold when it arrived at our tables- they did get bread though so they may have lucked out a little more than our table).. Over the course of the 3 hours we were seated at our table, the server offered to refill our waters 3 times- maybe 4 times if I'm being super generous... and probably the biggest indicator of the lack of training and/or experience of the waitstaff- when we finished our room temperature entrees, our server came to take our plates but then a different server came up to our table and handed us our ticket without any previous interaction with our table and without ever asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. It was my husband's 30th birthday so we had every intention of getting dessert but after waiting 2 hours to eat and nobody bothering to ask if we wanted dessert before handing us our bill, we felt like we'd be better off walking across the street to Rouse's to get him some cookies and ice cream to enjoy at home.... I hope the ownership/management can get their act together and turn this sinking ship around because for $250+ for 4 people I can think of tons of other restaurants in this city with similar or better food and far better service. Not sure we will be returning unless we hear major changes have been made because I can't justify spending that kind of money only to have such a disappointing experience again.This neighborhood spot is definitely one of my favorite NOLA restaurants.  My sister lives here and I make a point of going to Dick and Jenny's every time I visit.
The menu changes every few months so there's always something new to try.  Don't pass on appetizers because there are so many good ones here.
The atmosphere is relaxed and intimate.  It's always busy, but the crowds don't distract you from your table.I used to live about three doors down & had never walked into the establishment. I finally went this past Saturday with my bestie & could kill myself for not going in sooner!
Appetizer: Duck Confit Meat Pie (which I would marry, if it were legal)
Entree: Vegetable Gnocchi (huge amount, rich, and amazing)
Dessert: Chocolate Cookie with Creole Creamery Ice cream & the most amazing chocolate sauce EVER!
It was really busy. Weren't seated until 30 minutes after our reservations. Unfortunately, there were two really huge, obnoxious parties in the same room with us... one including the Marlboro Man, which everyone in the place wanted to punch in the face... seriously. Nothing against the establishment. Guy & parties were just total douche bags!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE will definitely go back!I AM SO EXCITED TO RAVE ABOUT: absolutely nothing. Yeah, the food's not bad - but the portions are so small that you're probably paying $3 for that sip of soup. You could get the same food over at Zea's with larger portions and WAY better taste. This expensive restaurant has small seating and the waiter looked like a bum off the street - I mean, seriously, there were holes in the crack of your pants = not a cool version of Abercrombie knock-offs. 
Additionally, if you're part of a group = DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS DADDY WARBUCKS is paying for your entire meal. They don't know how to split a check. My group of ten had to go through line by line and split up the check, using a calculator, and calculate our own taxes and gratuity - because the waiter didn't keep up with who got what. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? For these prices, you should know exactly what I ordered since it's costing me $40 for my dish alone.
After spending nearly an hour divying up the check between all of us, I was tired of this dimly-lit, shoulder-to-shoulder, odd-art and even odder service hellhole.
Look - if you're going to charge these prices, remember that food alone doesn't buy class. And I'm like the LEAST classy person I know - and yet I even realize that this joint was not classy.Dick & Jenny's was a wonderful experience. Delicious food and the staff was incredibly friendly. The chef came to talk to us multiple times and even gave us a complimentary order of boudin balls, which were lovely. 
Would definitely recommend to anyone passing through.Great New Orleans food in a homey atmosphere.  I love going to Dick & Jenny's, the menu is seasonal, and even if the dishes sound similar to what you might see in other restaraunts, the dishes at Dick & Jenny's are executed remarkably well.  I had a cauliflower bisque a month or so ago that I am still thinking about.  I also had the quail with cornbread dressing and lemon ice box pie.  Everything was amazing.  The service is quite good too.  I found our waiter to be very knowledgable and very helpful.  Pro tip: the house wine here is actually good, I would suggest ordering that and enjoying an extra glass for the price.Charming and solid.  The fried oyster appetizer was my favorite dish; served on top of a yummy slaw with an amazing smoky aioli.  My entree (drum fish) was overcooked but the sides were pretty special. I got a taste of the shrimp and fried green tomatoes poboy and shrimp and grits and both were very flavorful. Would definitely recommend.Amazing! Close your eyes & point at the menu & I guarantee you will love whatever your point at...its just that good! Cant sing enough praises about this jem of a NOLA restaurant.5 stars. Yes. 
FOOD, service, employee personality, in my neighborhood, all together, add up to A WINNER. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend and I have been walking by Dick and Jennie's for months,  saying "We should try this", but kept walking by. Finally (and thankfully), we did.
It's clean, nice atmosphere, not the greatest decor, but ...ok. The servers were polite, friendly, engaging and appreciative of compliments. 
THE FOOD:
Started with a fried green tomatoes appetizer. It comes with a couple of (cold) shrimp and remoulade. The fried green tomatoes were some of the best I've tasted. Light breading, tart, sweet tomato flavor, excellently done to light brown perfection. The shrimp were peeled, and remoulade was excellent. An impressive start. 
I had the beef short ribs for an entree. Described on the menu as "Braised boneless angus beef short ribs, sauteed chard, garlic mashed potatoes and port wine demi-glace". Yes. It delivers on flavor. The short ribs just pulled apart, no knife needed. Soft, tasty, packed with deliciousness. The mashed potatoes were excellent. The garlic was not overpowering and with the demi-glace was awesome. The chard added a touch of bitter that balanced the sweet of the demi-glace. Satisfaction.  Well worth the $26.
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the Eggplant rollatini. The eggplant was thinly sliced, and rolled around a mix of  ricotta, mozzarella, parmesan, wild mushroom and garlic. A delicious tomato-vodka sauce is spooned on top (not swimming in it). Kind of reminded me of manicotti with eggplant instead of pasta being the vessel to hold the ingredients.  An excellent dish if you're carb-conscious.  This is a great tasting dish. 
As a side, we had the Sambal-honey roasted brussel sprouts with smoked pork belly. Let me take a second to close my eyes and retaste it in my mind. Mmmmmm. Can't say enough. The best, most flavorful dish of the night. Which is not to take away from any of the other dishes we had. I could have eaten a bowl of this. 
For dessert, we shared a strawberry panna cotta. Light, smooth mouthfeel,  and a subtle sweet taste. Perfect palate cleanser  and end to a perfect meal. 
We told 2 servers how great the food was and they were appreciative of the compliments and said how good it feels to hear it. I stopped by the kitchen and thanked them for a great meal. 
Dick and Jennie's quickly became one of our favorite neighborhood places.Great service. Attentive without being too "in your face". 
Started with a dozen chargrilled oysters... very tasty, although a tad on the small side.
We shared: shrimp and grits, roasted beet salad, and gumbo. Today's gumbo was smoked chicken and andouille. The hubs has been jonesing for gumbo for 3 days, and this made him really happy. A lighter roux than what I personally make, but very lovely.
The grits had a touch of aged cheese in them, nicely subtle; the shrimp were large and head-on with a seriously yummy sauce. 
I really liked the beet salad... chopped cabbage with feta (?) and candied pecans, lightly dressed. The beets were arranged on the outside. The hubs wasn't so sure, but I liked it.
No dessert, but there was a nice wine list (we had a Txakolina). All-in-all, a really good surprise.Wow,  bring your wallet!  Pricey, and all our entrees arrived lukewarm.  When we arrived and placed our cocktail order,  it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and 2 of the  4 were wine and that was on a room full of ten people.  For 4 peeps it was a little over $300.  Not including tip and each had 2 drinks each.   There's s reason why the menu Isn't posted on their website.  We checked it off our list;  not going back.  There's other places in the city less expensive and will serve u food that's hot.  We're foodie folks that know!  Oh the waiter never mentioned to us the $6.00 happy hour special on drinks and appetizers!They have a great lunch and dinner here.  This is like a dive vibe funky restaurant that serves great upscale food (why go to a gastropub when I can have food like this?).  This is a great place to chow down before seeing a show at nearby Tipitina's (or anytime you want a great meal).  I've had some very healthy slabs of meat served to me here so they generally give you very good and filling portion sizes here.  The food has always been excellent and they have a great selection of items on their menu.  It always seems like a very friendly place and the bartenders, hostess, and wait staff just always appear to be in a great mood and they ensure that you enjoy your dining experience!  There is often a wait and they only take reservations for larger parties so be prepared to enjoy yourself with some drinks awhile before being seated.I'm sorry but I think this place is just a little bit overrated. I think people may be giving such great reviews because it IS a fun & very unique place. OR maybe I should give it another go? I don't know... My food wasn't as amazing as everyone talks about nor was my experience. Wah Wah :( I DO think I will give it another try sometime to just make sure... maybe I went on an off night??Easy, very friendly relaxed service, delicious food.  Fried oysters, fish mouse with toast and pickled shallots, kale/beet salad, Black Drum (fish) w/ crab rice and swiss chard, pork belly with farrow and collards, coffee/chai panna cotta, banana foster cream pie. ALL very good.Excellent spot to have dinner for a nice relaxing quiet evening. It can get busy but I've never felt I needed to be yelling when talking to guests. 
Food is great! Try the shrimp and grits next time you're here.Went in for the first time for my birthday.  Very good.  Had great service, and ordered cauliflower soup (no milk or cheese products in it) roasted cauliflower, roasted brussels sprout and a few appetizers as my main meal.  Got shrimp and grits, escargot,  and fennel(or leak) and mushroom cheesecake (more like a quiche).  The last item was good enough to just go back for it.  For dessert, I got the bananas foster bread pudding, which I wouldn't recommend.  The ice cream on top was delicious, but sauteing the bananas, then baking them in the pudding made them uneatable to me...hard and not nasty.  They were thick slices, so not like banana chips.  It also had a few pecans in it, which I was told it didn't...few enough that it might have fallen in there from another dessert..but enough for an epi pen later in the evening.  Overall, it was a very nice meal.This is a quaint ducked off restaurant that I did not even know about until I was taken on a date. I highly recommend this place for a weeknight to just chillax and lay low.An awesome dinning experience with my brother,  and family....our wait staff took our order and brought out delicious appetizers. ...try the grilled oysters snd blackened beets too.  Our wine selections was a malbec thst paired well with the Brisket and Schnitzel too.  Alex came by to check on us and help me celebrate my birthday with a shot of ammeretto and some cookies. This is a must to enjoy comfort food in a relaxed and wonderful atmosphere.   Cheers. ..we will be back.Dick and Jenny's is probably my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  Cozy and quaint, you could go here with a group of friends or on a date and feel equally comfortable.  The decor makes you feel like you're in someone's charming Southern home.  Even the waiting area is adorable.  The food is to die for.  Everyone loved everything they ate.  The grilled cheese appetizer with duck confit, brie and peach chutney is last meal worthy.  I make it at home now and pretend I am the genius who came up with it and blow all of my friends/family away. Definitely a must try when in NOLA.Delicious Nawlins Grub!  I was with a huge party of 18 girls and we all ended up at 2 tables in the back of the restaurant.  It was a really nice atmosphere, very homey...  A few of my friends and I split a bottle of Rose and a bottle of Cab to get the night started off on the right foot.
I had the Fried Green Tomatoes as an appetizer and they were really great.  A little rich, but a really good sized portion and very good tastes coming together with the sauce and the shrimp on top.  Lovely Nola dish!
For my entree I had the Flounder fish - with shrimp and a couscous ball to go with it.  Everything was really wonderful.  The flounder was cooked very well, boneless, grilled and topped with some shrimp, a nice rich creamy sauce and underneath the fish was sauteed spinach.  Everything came together so nicely and the piece of fish was not overwhelmingly large.  I thought it was all super tastey.  I would go back and try other things!  It was really phenomenal!we started with a table for four, but then everyone else suddenly wants to come along.   now I know why.
this was great.  y'all put up with our table too, even though we were loud, and you thought you wanted to put us up front.     thank goddess you didn't.   thank you jessie, and alex for seating us
it was 8 after one of us had to leave cause she had to much to think.  
anyhow, oysters YUM, boudin balls, yum.  filet mignon, beet salad, pork belly, squash, champagne, wine, everything but dessert.
and then you put up with us?   yes indeed.  what a great night.
it was a birthday night, old friends from outta town night, and a congrats someone bought you a house night.   it was a night.
y'all made it perfect.
thank you again.Dick and Jenny's is delicious and the service was great.  They take reservations now too.  I ordered the pork, greens, and vanilla creme brûlée.  I would strongly recommend the greens.  My friend ordered the lamb, which was very good and a generous amount of meat.  Overall, it was expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.Homey, friendly, a little funky, and very tasty. Started with a place of EXCELLENT friend oysters to share. 
I had a beet salad to start - nothing really remarkable here, but tasty all the same, and then Grits & Grillades for the main. Grillades are slow-braised veal cheeks, done up in a nice rich gravy. The meat was tasty, but the grits were great. 
The food isn't innovative or even that current, but you can't help but love the place overall. Very friendly and honest service. Reasonable (but not cheap) prices. If you want more up-to-the-minute design and menu, try Cochon, but for a more down-home experience Dick & Jenny's is great.It was dinner time, and I was looking for a good meal.  She got the filet, and I got the duck.  It sounded so good, a half duck with a berry demi-glace.  At least the sides were alright.  This was the worst duck I have ever tasted, and it all comes down to execution.  The duck AND the sauce were burned, and the duck was so dry it was almost like jerky.  it was so bad I only ate two bites.  The second bite was because I honestly couldn't believe that this restaurant, which has survived in NOLA for many years, served me the worst executed duck I have ever had.  Ever.  As a professional chef myself, I cannot understand how anyone can let a dish like this make it to the table.
The filet was great, trust me I tried some to be sure.  The service was spot on, and upon noticing that my "duck" went untouched, my portion of the meal was comped.  The restaurant was clean, and had a nice atmosphere.  
All this being said, if someone else wanted to go, I wouldn't fuss.  However, there are so many other great restaurants in New Orleans!First time trying it over Thanksgiving break. We had really terrible service. Our waiter got every part of our order wrong. We were brought things we had already eaten and the salad never came so we had to ask for it and have it after our entree. It shouldn't be difficult to order soup, salad, and entree and have it arrive correctly and in a normal order. Our waiter was very rude from the start and we still were given the whole bill even though every dish was wrong. Won't be back. We love eating in New Orleans and eating out in general, but not here.Expecting the place to be somewhat upscale, we imagined the restaurant would exude stuffiness. Our expectations were quickly, and thankfully, shattered as soon as we opened the door and heard the maitre de complaining to a guest about not being able to pick up Tashard Choice on waivers. In the midst of his fantasy rant, we were seated under the Christmas lit waiting area next to an indoor porch swing. Just moments later, we were guided though the converted bedrooms, and were seated in the main dining room which seemed to once serve as a living room. The neighborhood-like feel of the restaurant was inviting and radiated warmth. As my eyes wandered to the plate covered walls, it was hard to focus my attention on the diverse, fall-inspired menu. We started with the ridiculously affordable carafe of the house wine, and decided to skip the appetizers. Much to my surprise, Erin decided to get the lamb shank with a sage-rosemary demi-glace, so I went with the pork tenderloin stuffed with goat cheese and pine nuts. Both plates were served with creamy thyme- white cheddar grits and spinach which closely resembled a good ole pot of New Year's Day collard greens. Stuffed as a Mississippi Leg Hound, we decided to sacrifice dessert at this newfound comfort food eatery for a few rounds of ice cold eggnog.Mmmm. Definitely worth dining at if you are traveling through.
Dick and Jenny's is a curious, yellow shack in an even more curious area. The atmosphere is extremely homey as is the staff. The menu is mouthwateringly exciting and surprisingly gourmet.
I had the PAIN PERDU OF DUCK CONFIT - APPLES, BRIE & PEACH CHUTNEY and the PECAN CRUSTED LOUISIANA REDFISH - TOPPED WITH CREOLE MEUNIERE SAUCE & CRAB & TRUFFLE MICRO GREENS SERVED OVER ACADIAN POPCORN RICE & SOUTHERN GREENS. Both dishes rocked my tastebuds and made me shiver from joy.
Go eat there.Food and service were good. However, I added to our reservation that we were celebrating a birthday. Apparently seeing the notation in the reservation, the host mentioned the name of the birthday person as he seated us. Not only did no one acknowledge the birthday during the meal, but we overheard our waitress and the host mention "birthday" and laugh at the end of the evening.  Not cool.I can say with relative certainty that Dick and Jenny's would appear on my Top 10 restaurants ever list. It's a great concept for a restaurant and the food is phenomenal. 
I LOVE that they don't  take reservations. I LOVE their "waiting patio" - very comfortable and relaxing. And I LOVE their food. 
A half caraffe of wine and the Alligator Boudin Appetizer started us off. It had a great kick to it, and I loved the homemade jerky in the side salad. It ranks as the 3rd best edible during our trip. Wifey followed it up with the Pork & sweet potato. Super flavorfull and delicious. I got the Scallop and Shrimp with cream sauce and filo dough centerpiece - tasty but not the home run I was hoping for.  We rounded the meal up with a mexican chocolate torte - how could one go wrong?
For tourists and travelers operating in the Quarter/Downtown, Dick & Jenny's requires a cab ride. If that generates any hesitation, get over it now. Dick and Jenny's is worth the trip!We ate here twice- 1st dinner and last during our trip to NOLA. Love this place. Both meals were outstanding. Savory cheese cake and gumbo change daily and are the best we had. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Painted plates on the walls and paintings are charming. Low key, laid back place, with fresh delicious meals.Loved this restaurant. Definitely worth the cab ride from Bourbon street. Interesting menu with delicious ingredients. Very cute decor. Great for a date. I would highly recommend any of the seafood. Wish I was able to come here again, but our trip was only for a few days.It's great to find a place in New Orleans where vegetarians and carnivores can both eat well. While the vegetarian menu options were more limited, those options were delicious and not just an afterthought.
Great food. Unique and delicious cocktails. Attentive service.For being in a run down house, the food is good, especially the crispy duck. It is well prepared-not gamey at all considering I normally don't like duck. It's just pricey for the amount of food one gets.Drinks: ok, a little watered down
Appetizers: pretty good, under seasoned
Entrees: great! simple fare but beautifully prepared
Service: meh. We were rushed and she didn't really want to explain anything
Wouldn't go back any time soon.What an awesome meal " crab cake to die  for " met the Chef Merlin & he has brought Dick & Jenny's to a new level . Our server A.J was so great , his suggestions were spot on . If your are looking for a perfect date nite place , here it is !!!One of my favorite restaurants in town. You must try this place. They have amazing New Orleans' favorites. We just went back for another visit with some family that was in town and everyone was very pleased. We ordered the Gulf Fish plate, the Beef Ribs, and stuffed pork. Every plate comes out with love and the service is always spot on. There are no egos here so if you want something pretentious and overpriced, then go eat in the quarter.  
Dick and Jenny's is an amazing New Orleans establishment in Uptown!Service was awful. I think they lost our order. Everyone around us that was seated after us got their food way before us. My roasted beet salad with shaved Brussel sprouts was a shaved Brussel sprouts salad with a few beets. My Bouillabaisse was so overpowered with fennel it was awful. They did remove the cost of our appetizers because of the awful service .2nd time around for me and enjoyed every single bite. You can't go wrong here. BBQ shrimp to die for. Gumbo is among the best in town. 
Recently under new ownership, the folks who own Martinique a bit further up Magazine, another wonderful restaurant. They're doing it right. 
I'll be back.We have been meaning to check this place out and figured the Friday after Gustav was a good opportunity, since it might not be so crowded. Turned out we were the first post-storm customers through the door (more followed).
The menu was slightly modified but there was still plenty to choose from. We had escargots for an appetizer and flounder and the duck/sausage plate for entrees. All three were excellent. The sauce for the escargots was amazing. Also loved that they give you a piece of duck that is all meat -- seems like everytime I've had duck elsewhere it's good but you have to cut your way through tons of fat (I always assumed that's just the way duck is).
Having read some mixed things about the restaurant I have to say it lives up to the hype.
Plus they get bonus points for playing Uncle Tupelo.I actually give them 3.5 stars. This place was nice. I went here with my boyfriend on New Year's Eve. There were quite a few people, we were seated maybe 20 minutes after our reservation time, but they had taken our drink orders, the cocktails were original and tasty, and we were happy and fine with the extra wait. Service was a bit slow, and our waiter just didnt really seem to care he was there. I'd give waiter one star. The cornbread/ other unknown bread they brought out was pretty subpar, but we were hungry so we ate it.  The gumbo was INSANELY GOOD. It was so smoky and comforting and just great. Unfortunately they give you quite a small amount for $9 but boy was it delicious. We also shared these duck pastry things....they tasted good, but like pie, like dessert pie, couldnt really taste the duck. They were really good though, haha. I got the beef filet, which was super good, just really really good, though there could have been more asparagus (only 4 pieces...). My boyfriend got the redfish, which was pretty bland to me but I think he liked it well enough (he ate much of my meal, as usual...haha). So overall, this place was pretty good, but I'm in no hurry at all to go back. Too expensive for what it is.The food was perfectly fine and the service was friendly.  I went here with a large group of people and it was kind of a strange environment for a bunch of heavily tattooed people to sit down in.  Maybe like we were a bother? 
However, we enjoyed ourselves and they happened to have a wine special going on that night as well which was convenient.  I definitely just feel neutral about this place.Food and service are good but we were so cold we had to leave dinner early. Don't sit at first two-top on Jena street facing side of restaurant. You'll freeze.Great little creole restaurant on Tchoupitoulas.  They have a small menu, but still have enough choices to please every palate.  I love their gumbo, shrimp and sausage cheesecake, crabcake and fried green tomato.  They also have a beef tornado salad, which is to die for.
I love the laid back atmosphere paired with the upscale cousine.  They have a great deck with a porch swing for those waiting to be seated.4 stars because I feel there is a good chance for improvement.
The appetizers were outstanding.
The wine list is small, reasonably-priced, and has several excellent wines.
The bar is just dandy.
Desserts were great.
Entrees are an issue. Had duck cooked 2 ways - one of which was great, one was undercooked, as were the veggies on my plate. The other entree was tournedos with brie and fried oysters - the meat was surprisingly tough and chewey, which was disappointing as filet mignon should be buttery and soft. The garlic mashed potatoes on the side were lovely. 
The staff was great.
Will I go back - yes.Dick and Jenny's is a must-visit restaurant for the serious foodie visiting (or living in) New Orleans. It is off the beaten path, but it is WELL worth the 10-minute drive from downtown.
I ate here a few years ago, so I was very pleased to be able to get back for a meal on a recent business trip. I sat at the bar and mentioned to the bartender that I had been looking forward to coming back for a couple of years. Evidently, the chef (and owner), Merlin, overheard me, because he came up and introduced himself, placing a new culinary creation in front of me and telling me to help myself and try his new dish. It was a stack of thick slices of eggplant alternating with layers of crabmeat, and covered with parmesan breadcrumbs. It was incredible!
When he came back to check on how I enjoyed his creation, I asked Merlin for some recommendations about things to eat. He proceeded to tell me what he had -- both on and off the menu, and then he told the bartender to ring me up for "open food" and that he would do up a four-course meal especially for me. I'll cut to the chase here ... it was simply one of the most outstanding meals I have ever had -- full of creativity, passion, and incredible flavor.
Merlin started me out with a shrimp and crab "martini" salad topped off with a dressing which his wife created. It was reminiscent of a ceviche, but not acidic, and much more flavorful.
I between courses, I was presented with some homemade bread, which was warm, moist, and delicious.
The next course was a plate with four charbroiled oysters and four boudin balls topped off with crab, corn, arugula, and a vinaigrette. It was indescribably good.
Next, Merlin brought out a steak which he had blackened and cooked to perfection (that hard-to-find spot between rare and medium-rare). The cut was flavorful, tender, and massive.
For dessert, Merlin presented me with an enormous piece of hot, homemade bread pudding, slathered with a cream sauce and fresh fruit. I don't usually eat dessert; however, I couldn't resist this splendid treat. I ate most of it (it was a huge piece of bread pudding), and I'm glad I broke my "no-desert" rule because it was the perfect end to an unbelievable meal.
At the end of the meal, I learned that Merlin had just purchased Dick and Jenny's from its previous owner a few weeks earlier, and that his desire was to make it one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. He'll easily succeed at that -- he'll actually make it one of the best restaurants in the country. I can't wait until I get back to New Orleans so I can go eat there again!
If you're in New Orleans, do NOT miss this place!The fried oysters app is a must. The goat cheese arugula salad was just an ehh... Not bad but not something I'd order again (too many beats) I shoulda gone with a gumbo or something. 
For my main dish I got the pan seared red fish. It was worth the whole trip from houston after I tried the first bite. The truffle oil brown sauce on top of it with the crab meat and salad thing was freakin amazing.
The only reason I can't give dick and Jenny's 5 stars is only because my dads dish. He ordered the duck. It wasn't horrible or any thing and maybe some would really enjoy it? For us it was just too much BBQ sause flavor that over powered the whole dish. As a born and raised Texan I know BBQ and it was a bit overkill if you will. Luck fully my dish was enough for 2 so he helped me out as I did the same for him ( as it wasn't horrible just kinda strong flavors) . The portions were huge! And I would go back in a heartbeat to try all the other delicious looking things on the menu.
The overall experience was great! No complaints about the service or the staff. Everyone was friendly and very quick to answer any questions with good knowledge about the menu. Ambiance was warm and cozy, wish I lived in new Orleans to go back to Dick and Jenny's more often. Best meal I had the whole trip!Solid menu and warm ambiance. We got the abita braised beef with goat cheese thyme grits and this may be one of the best dishes I have ever had. extremely tender and fell right off the bone. Great place for a date night as well.My favorite in New Orleans. Was recommended by a trusted friend or I may not have found it! Wonderful food, friendly staff, and fun atmosphere. Loved the duck!
The menu was varied between seafood, Creole and wild game on this particular occasion. Live that the menu changes so this don't get stale for the chef
Truly enjoyed dessert as well. The Creme Brulee was wonderful.Dick & Jenny's was awesome! We eat here every vacation & it continues to impress. The oysters & fried green tomatoes are a must to start with. Their seasonal menu always offers yummy options. The service is fantastic too! You just can't go wrong.Ate here last night. The food was great, especially the chargrilled oysters. Thanks to chef Vidak. Great to see you again. I recommend this as a stop on your eating tour of NOLA. 
Great atmosphere and staffYes. Yes! YES!  By far my favorite dinner in New Orleans. This non-pretentious spot serves up some food that makes want to come back over and over just to try everything on the menu.  You MUST, and I mean MUST get the shrimp and sausage cheesecake.
Service is awesome.  Mike, our waiter, not only was cute as hell, but gave us some really good info on where to eat outside of New Orleans around Lafayette.  (Thanks, Mike!)LOVE this place...the food and service is excellent!  One of favorites in New Orleans and that's saying a lot.Dude! This food was crazy!!! I went with 3 friends and we all tried something different from the menu and it was all spot on!
Great Food
Great Service
Great Atmosphere
Loooooooong Wait (3 hours)Second time here and just as good as the first. Nice environment, very friendly, decent wine list and the food is fantastic! Portion sizes are hearty and the food is rich so dieters beware or make this your cheat.I have been dining at Dick & Jenny's since it was first open (I was a fan of partial eponym Richard Benz's cooking at Upperline) and have always vacillated between liking it very much to loving it (depending upon the chef/kitchen performance).
     First of all, the atmosphere always works forme; despite my precious/fussy predelictions, Dick & Jenny's outsider art meets slightly hip shabby chic rooms makes for a warm and welcoming place to enjoy their elevated takes on Southern/All-American comfort food.
     Additionally, I can't remember ever not feeling really well taken care of by the front of house staff-there is always a nice balance between homespun friendliness and efficient professionalism.
     The food is always very good, but there is definately variation-our visit Saturday night is a perfect illustration. My gal ordered a tequila based cocktail (though not a tequila lover) and was really pleased, as well she was by her wine; both of our appetizers were tasty, but profligate to the point of distraction-I got the Crispy Crispy Caprese Eggplant Fritters - Balsamic vinegar marinated Tomatoes Topped with Goat & Blue Cheese Crumbles & a Fresh Basil Pesto (three large discs of perfectly fried eggplant heaped with all the aforementioned ingredients, enough for two) while she ordered the Corn Fried Louisiana Oysters - Southern Coleslaw & New Orleans Remoulade (I think there were just shy of a dozen, too much for a starter really). The attempted goutification continued with my Pecan Crusted Louisiana Red Fish with Creole Meuniere - Topped with a Truffle Oil, Crab & Micro Green Salad Served over Acadian Popcorn Rice & Sautéed Spinach which was certainly delicious, but was almost falling off the plate. My sweetheart's Filet of Beef - Topped with Crab Meat, Boursin Cheese & a Wild Mushroom Demi-Glace served over Garlic Smashed Potatoes, with Grilled Asparagus was (she says) delicious, but also such a mess that she actually had to search for the filet (cooked exactly to order) under "way too much sauce" as well as an enormous foundation of potatoes. To me, it was a little gross looking, with seemingly no care in the plating of the dish. Even her slice of German chocolate cake (again, delightful) was more like a slab, though my dreamsicle creme brulee' was perfect; thank goodness for properly proportioned remekins!
     I realize that my complaints are mere quibbles and many would find these attributes positive; I know large portions please many, who see value, but I see more potential for waste as well as a lack of elegance.
     All things considered though, Dick & Jenny's is worth a visit because the food is consistently wonderful and it is truly one of the best examples of a fine New orleans neighborhood bistro...just order judiciously.Such a delightful neighborhood find off the beaten path! 2 different friends familiar with the area recommended this place as a break from the Quarter and we were delighted with superb service and what felt like a home cooked meal. Best cornbread I've had.We were able to walk in and get seated at the bar...just missing the big rush.  By the time we left we heard the wait was over an hour.  So go early.   The bartender, Abe, was a real pro.  Took good care of us while he handled the drink orders for the waitrons, too.  I think he must have burned as many calories hustling as we consumed on our plates.
This is really the best thing I've eaten in ages: shrimp/tasso cheesecake.
Get it.  You won't regret it.  
Pistachio cake and cardamom creme brulee were fantastic.
Can't wait to go back and try other choices.After passing this restaurant on busy Tchoupitoulas Street for many years I wish I passed it by again after my wife and I ate here. Every dish was way over seasoned overpowering the food. Waitress was totally rude when we sent the food back so we had deal the manager with our concerns. This is just a converted house so don't be taken that this is a charming Creole Cottage as it has been seriously altered that no New Orleanian would consider it authentic. Fail all around. Scores of much better places in our incredible food city.This restaurant had me consistently saying "Wow!" The atmosphere is both hip and southern! The staff are friendly food lovers with great personalities! They bring amazing cornbread to the table when you sit down. We tried the Crab Cheesecake, which made me a savory cheesecake convert! The grilled oysters will change your life. Then I ordered the duck; duck is my absolute favorite dish to order when dining out. I've had it all over the world, so it's very exciting to say the duck at Dick and Jennie's is top 5! It has a mild smokey flavor with a spicy-sweet finish. It if cooked a perfect medium rare and the skin is rendered crisp. 
If you love modern food, this place is a must try!I loved this restaurant and I am a picky foodie. Very creative and delicious cocktails. Wonderful crab cake and shrimp with goat cheese grits. Wait staff was very friendly. Will definitely go backProbably just hit them on a bad day, but this was my experience... My shrimp bisque was overloaded with salt and I was unable to finish it. They cooked my friend's steak rare when she asked for medium. They forgot a plate, so we were all done eating by the time he received his food. They did bring out a free cheese cake to make up for it, which was a nice gesture. I would be willing to try again based on reputation, but 2 stars for now.Wonderful environment, IMO similar to Jaques Imo's. Got seated with our party fairly quickly and ordered drinks. The drawback was that we had to wait about 45 minutes to order our entrees, so about 4 drinks later we were served. I ordered the Shrimp and Scallops with a sweet Ginger glaze, topped with edamame and green beans. My girlfriend ordered the gumbo (likely a safe bet). Both were very tasty, but small portions for the price. I would probably recommend Jaques Imo's before this place; at least you wait in the bar before you get seated there.Went for an early dinner and everything was terrific. Great happy hour from 5pm-7pm. Had the charbroiled oysters, fried oysters, fried green tomatoes and the boudin balls to start. The drum with crab meat was perfectly done. Make sure to try the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.Really, really, really not impressed. Casual atmosphere (plastic table cloths!) and the last time we were there there were screaming children throughout the whole meal, which I know the restaurant has only limited control over but can really make you feel like you're in a Friendlys and not a nice restaurant. The food way good but WAY too expensive considering we were eating off of plastic table cloths and our waiter kept calling us "guys." For upscale New Orleans prices, you expect to pay for the food, the ambience and the service, not just one of the three. Unfortunately we probably won't be back.One of my favorite places to eat a high quality (somewhat trendy) meal with the freshest ingredients. It isn't a must for tourist (they should be eating at the likes of Antoine's or Franky and Johnny's if only here for a limited amount of time), but no local should be without the experience of this place. Frankly, Jacques-Imo's is trying to do what this place has succeeded at doing.Honestly, Dick and Jennys is probably one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Where do I begin? first I should talk about the locale itself...it is one of the cutest, quaintest, traditional Nola houses, one of the few restaurants in the uptown area that is still based out of a private home. I know some might be thrown off by its location, but the fact that its a block up from Tipitinas' and the railroad tracks gives it even more of that Louisiana charm. I love the inside setup as well, the bar is a beautiful antique piece, and the "waiting" area was once the original porch of the house and still has the porch-swing. You can enjoy a tray of select cheeses and any beverage from the finest wine, to a mint julep, to just a plain good ole' Abita, while you wait to be seated.
Now the food...simply to die for!!  honestly, I recommend you splurge and start with the appetizer sampler because you might drive yourself mental if you have to pick from the Shrimp & Sausage Cheesecake, Fried Oysters or Fried Green Tomatoes. My mouth is watering just by remembering it! As for the entree selection, I've eaten a couple of the plates and can honestly say you wont be disappointed whatever your choice might be, specially if you enjoy southern cuisine with an extra flare. It never fails me, every time I've had visitors in town, I've taken them there and they've fallen in love just as I did.May 2008 Update
Recently I dined here for both weekends of Jazz Fest and ate some absolutely splendid food on both occasions. Before they take their usual July vacation (and the quarterly menu change), you must have the escargot with the Chilean Carmenere. It's been a while since I had a such a perfect pairing. Garlicky escargot with prosciutto, garlic confit and smoked mushrooms in creole mustard sauce with a big, flavorful carmenere tthat exhibited firm tannins with a buttery silk finish - the best wine I have had in 2008! Note to self: get the name, then get a case or two. Try the duck duet and the fried soft shell crab with thai green curry. 
9/29/07 Update
Two words: Duck Cracklin'
I had dinner there this weekend and had another great meal. I started off with the smoked duck salad, which was pretty damn good. The duck was tasty but the true star of this salad was the duck cracklin' - fried duck fat! The taste was unbelievably good! So smokey and crunchy, it was friggin' awesome! I wanted to get a bag of that to go! My dinner date had the escargot which was served in a puff pastry with a bacon and garlic bordelaise sauce that kicked butt. Who knew escargot could taste so good? 
For the entree, my friend had the appetizer sampler with the crawfish and andouille sausage cheecake being my favorite (damn good). For my entree, I tried something new: the entree sampler! It included: Smoked Lamb Chop with Braised Red Cabbage, Pecan Fish with Smoked Corn & Vegetable Capellini Salad, Seared Duck Breast with Southern Greens & Grilled Sea Scallop with Asian Slaw. While you can't go wrong with D n J's duck and lamb chop (the red cabbage was really good), my favorites: the seafood, the pecan crusted redfish and the scallops. The redfish was creamy, saucy, and truly decadent. The scallops had an amazing combo of flavor and seasonings!
-----
So I have been waiting for Dick and Jenny's to re-open after their July vacation to go back and sample some tasty treats. I usually go there about 2-3 times a month. I have dined at this place since my post-Katrina return more so than any other restaurant in the city and it has truly become one of my favorite places to go and to bring friends. Time for total disclosure - I know the staff here better than most places and not just from familiarity/frequency of dining. The owners sit a couple of rows behind me at Saints games and I have pre and post game tailgated with them, and even been over to the chef's house for sunday BBQ. But first and foremost comes the food...
I am embarrassesd to say that I never got to visit this place pre-K but it was always on my list of places to go. At the time though, I lived in West End/Lakefront area overlooking the marina so going Uptown for dinner was a bit of a drive, but my move to the Garden District made Dick and Jenny's one of those great neighborhood restaurants that are 'down the street'. Now I go there all the time. 
The restaurant is Uptown on Tchoupitoulas only one block upriver from Tipitina's - how convenient! Think of an old NOLA house converted to a restaurant, with the covered in (and air conditioned) 'patio' area where additional tables and the waiting area are located. The inside isn't the fanciest - in fact there are a bunch of painted 'plates' on the wall - but in this old city, remember fancy does not always equate to mind blowing meals. As previous Yelpers have pointed out, this place takes no reservations, so come early. 
Now the food - I have never had a bad meal there. Ever. The other night I had the fried oysters with slaw, the mussels and sea scallops in chimichurri broth (I know, chimichurri and seafood, but it was delicious). The oysters (which I get a lot there) were perfectly fried and seasoned and the mussels and scallops were surprisingly tasty with the chimichurri broth. I also stole some of friends portabello mushroom and blue cheese 'cheesacake' , which I have to say, blew me away with how good it was! Not being a blue cheese fan, I was a little skeptical, but it was so damn good, I kept going back for a little taste, even after my dinner date had her leftovers boxed up and was taking a cigarette break outside (sorry Michelle!). 
The staff here is as friendly as they come. The place is definitely a little folksy, and homey but it only adds to the experience, especially when the food is so good! I normally eat at the bar, since the wait for the bar is usually shorter. The menu changes quarterly, so I will update my review everytime I go back. Zagat's 2007 review gave the place a 27 for food, so that should help convince you that the place is worth visiting. When going say hi to Chef James and Will and Leigh.Great uptown restaurant!!
You will enjoy the food and the ambiance.
This is a casual establishment that screams originality.  It is decorated with Christmas lights and hand painted plates (ask for the story).  
The food here is not casual, it is very serious.  The combination appetizer plate is loaded with fried green tomatoes, fantastic fried oysters, and a seafood cheesecake that is fantastic.  The duck/sausage entree was just perfect!  Very good beet salad too!
Service here is casual, but good.
No reservations, so be prepared to wait!  Dont be impatient, the wait is worth it.  You can enjoy the fun bar if you like a good honest drink!We came back here on a recent trip to New Orleans, and I'm pleased to say it's gotten even better.
I started with the char-grilled oysters and then had their bouillabaisse. We shared a strawberry pannacotta for dessert as well. Everything was better than I remembered it to be. The oysters were fabulous, and the bouillabaisse was just what I was looking for.
The waiter had told me they have a new chef since the last time we were here, and I believe it. The new chef, in my opinion, has upped their game.
The ambiance and setting is still charming and less fancy than many of their competition, but we love that. Seating is comfortable and not overly crowded.
I'll definitely plan on coming back to D&J on future trips here. This experience certainly raised them a level up for me. After a weekend of fancy dining, this is a fabulous change of pace and I'm so very glad we gave them another try. Thanks y'all!What a great little place! This was the best meal that we had all week. We started with a sampler platter of appetizers that included the corn-fried oysters, crawfish and andouille savory cheesecake, and fried green tomatoes. Everything was fantastic. I had a duck confit special which was very good and my husband had the Black Drum (local fish) which was even better. We finished with a piece of bread pudding. 
The restaurant is in an old building and is decorated in a "rustic chic" style. Our server was very nice, helpful, and professional.My daughter and hubby (who is from the NO area) had recommended Dick & Jenny's to us when we wanted a nice restaurant with great food and not a hoity-toity atmosphere.  Dick & Jenny's is that!  You have to cab it if staying in business district/French Quarter but worth it.
There were 3 in our party and between us, we had the Pork belly salad, soup de jour, Flounder entree, Filet Mignon entree, Duck/Alligator entree, and bread pudding.  One big disappointment was that the one entree I really really wanted - the short ribs - they were out of.   My steak was amazing but slightly more expensive than I had wanted to go.  Other 2 entrees also excellent (and less expensive).  The salad was delicious; the bread pudding was the best I've eaten.
We ordered a bottle of wine and when the gentleman with us sipped it and sent it back due to an "off" taste, they readily accepted it and delivered a different wine.
Only other negative - the room was filled and pretty noisy - we were at a table in the corner and had trouble hearing each other talking.  There were 2 other rooms - each with only one couple in them - so would have preferred that they spread people out more if there is room.Love this place. Good food, good service. Casual dining. Haven't been since they changed hands though. Hopefully they're still as good.So my lady and I came here after a crawfish boil.  We thought we were full.  But even after being stuffed, we were tempted by this creole menu. We had the golden band oysters; a recipe based out of Houma.  They are superb, just the right amount of parmigiano and garlic, and the oysters come out sizzling and slip right off.  The escargot is that of legend.  The red wine sauce with mushrooms and bacon are an incredible combination.  The service is also unbeatable.  We came late, so we sat at the bar.  It was hard to believe that Robert or Abe had other customers while we were here because they made us  feel like the only people here.  When you combine the food and the service here, it adds up to one of the finest places in New Orleans, and that is saying a lot.  I will be back, and I can see why this place is a New Orleans legend.  I can't get enough of this place.  Or the people here.  What an authentic New Orleans experience.My whole meal was delicious.  The shrimp and black bean cheesecake, fried green tomatoes and crab cakes, and scallops entree were all fantastic.  Can't wait to go back!I found Dick and Jenny's through the New York Times Weekend Itineraries.  WOW - the food AND service was awesome.  If you are in New Orleans you won't want to miss having a meal at this restaurant.  The potato salad is to die for.  I want the recipeOne of my new favorite restaurants in Nola! Very quaint, cute place. Easy to get to from st Charles streetcar. The friied green tomatoes were heavenly! As well as loving the caprese salad and short ribs. We were too full for dessert! Next time!!This is a great spot outside of the touristy areas.  Excellent food and very friendly service.  I usually prefer the front room or eating at the bar but the back room looks great now too.The wait was interminably long, and the service from the cocktail waitress was unacceptably dismissive. But if my rating was based only on my experience after I sat down, I'd give it 5 stars. Tremendous food. Friendly and attentive server.My favorite place in NOLA.  A neighborhood, Uptown favorite.  Wildly creative, big portions.  Get there early because it gets crowded.It's hard to think of what to say about Dick and Jenny's that hasn't already. The service is friendly, the menu fun and the atmosphere cozy. I think my review would be even better if I'd been with a smaller party. It's hard to judge a place when you are dining at a table of 12. However for a small restaurant and a late reservation they handled our crew well. 
I had the angel hair pasta with crawfish tails, next time would go for the flounder prepared with sweet potato grits and sauteed spinach or tuna dish (later the chef said the tuna's his go to) though. The filet mignon topped with brie and lobster sounded heavenly, but at a big table sharing a big tab, no one dropped in. The Jenny Salad was a refreshing start after a few days of heavy NOLA food. The fried oysters tasted fresh and were prepared nicely. Even with reservations we waited about an hour. But our crew just sipped Mojitos and mellowed out.Last night dined here with a friend.  She had purchased one of those dining "vouchers."  Before going out to dinner we went to a Bombay Gin event so we stuck to gin.  I ordered the Jena which is gin and St. Germain.  Nothing new there.  Every decent bar/restaurant makes them.  For the shared appetizer we went for the escargot.  The snails were scrumptious fleshly morsels dripping in a divine butter sauce just the way they should be served.  Usually I stay away from bread but I couldn't stop myself from eating one of the two pieces of french bread served with it.  Serious yummy goodness.  The majority of the entree items are dishes you can get at any above-average NOLA restaurant. So we thought let's get the most expensive entree... filet!  Mine was cooked to perfection which is still mooing.  Yet another good choice!  My friend choose the creme brulee as our dessert to share.  It was prolly the smallest creme brulee portion I've EVER seen served in a restaurant.  I was shocked! The ramekin was teny-tiny.  No joke.  You could barely use the back of the spoon to break the sugar.  Two small bites each was all we got.  THAT'S IT!!! Really?  It went downhill from there.  Our waitress whom we had told when we were seated we had a voucher all of a sudden got a snarky attitude towards us.  When she brought the bill the amounts and math were not correct.  We ended up having to call the manager over.  She still kept up the attitude with the manager standing there.  Off with her head I say!  This is why I'm giving them 3 stars.  The food and libations were amazing but major downside were the world's smallest creme brulee and service which left a whole lot to be desired.  If you get a waitress wearing a Zebra concert tee... ask for another waitress.Very good food, and fun, eclectic decor. Intimate lighting and atmosphere at night. Overall, a very good experience.A casual and well-known New Orleans neighborhood eatery, Dick and Jenny's has been serving ambitious Southern fusion cuisine to the neighborhood for a while now. (I hate using the word "funky" to describe New Orleans dining: why must every New Orleans eatery be funky? Surely there are some outposts, some tiny enclaves of this city that are *not actually funky*, where the funk is an unknown and curious quantity?
Anyway. On to the food.
First up were the fried green tomatoes with boiled Gulf Shrimp, celery root, slaw and green onion aioli ($9.00.) This was a homey preparation of a classic New Orleans dish, and a pretty tasty one: I liked the plump shrimp, the creamy, crunchy slaw, and the general freshness of the dish. Not so good: the fried green tomatoes were a over-fried, rendering the batter hard and difficult to cut.
The corn fried Louisiana oysters with Southern slaw and New Orleans remoulade sauce ($8.50) were tasty little suckers - big fresh specimens fried in a flavorful corn batter, served with a thick remolaude sauce. A good representation of the city's favorite snack (well, if you're asking me, anyways.)
The goat cheese puff pastry with grapes, arugula, and sherry vinaigrette ($8.00) was a tasty and buttery nibble - liked the rich goat cheese and the buttery pastry, as well as the light salad served on the side. It's not all that New Orleans per-se but it's definitely good.
I chose the seared diver scallops with gulf shrimp, cauliflower puree, citrus and watercress salad and sugarcane vinaigrette ($25.00) and was glad I did: this is a light and airy and exceedingly *spring-like* dish, a real success. The buttery cauliflower puree was a perfect match to the meaty and perfectly cooked scallops and slightly smoky shrimp: the citrus gave a lightly fruity edge to the subtle flavors on the rest of the plate. My only caveat: I happen to be very much a proponent of smaller portions, but a heartier, Joey Chestnut like eater might be disappointed upon receiving only two (hefty) scallops. Of course, I don't imagine hearty eaters do much scallop ordering anyway, but I might as well issue a warning.
My dining companion llet me try a bit of the stuffed pork tenderloin with goat cheese, basil and pine nut stuffing, spring vegetables, cheese grits and a port balsamic reduction ($20.00.) It's a nicely conceived dish, but my sample was a bit overcooked: the pork could have stood a few minutes less in the oven. The stuffing was, however, quite tasty and Dick and Jenny's does an admirable cheese grit. (Another beautiful speciality that is so distressingly rare on the West coast - por que, por que?)
For dessert, we tried the the chocolate Tchoupitoulas cake, with cocoa cookie crust, Swiss chocolate ganache, chocolate mousse and a white chocolate drizzle ($8.00.) A nice looking and hearty chocolate mousse cake - not the most complex of flavors, but I liked the crumbly, crunchy cookie crust.
Howzabout that ambience? Although the dining room's ambience is more "barn decorated by your crazy aunt" then "white tablecloth," that's exactly why many locals like it: personalized plates and drinks in Mason jars complete the picture. Service is friendly and efficient, and food comes out of the kitchen fast - no indeterminate waits for rapidly cooling food here.
I think Dick and Jenny's is a good addition to Uptowns-upscale dining scene - and provides a casual, funky (oh that word again! that word!) and much needed respite from the 40 dollar entrees and lingering hordes of tourists that populate many of the city's other Nice Restaurants. It's not haute cuisine, but it is good Southern fusion cuisine without a ton of pretensions, which is something I can get behind. I anticipate heading back for tasty food in a chilled out setting in the near future. 
food photos here: http://teenagechowhound.blogspot.com/2009/03/dick-and-jennys-high-end-home-cooking.htmlMade a same day reservation and was easy (sunday night)! Found this place on a whim. We wanted a nice sit-down place away from the FQ madness. D&J's reviews and menu looks amazing, so we gave it a try. SO many great items to choose from. Had the boudin balls (YUMM). WOW, we were impressed. The entrees we ordered (trout special and pork schnitzel over mushroom risotto) was everything we could have asked for. We love the decor, atmosphere, and kind/attentive servers. This is a must-do anytime we travel to New Orleans! We try to avoid the tourist traps in most cities, so we love finding hidden gems like this one!Very good New Orleans food, don't get me wrong!  Our service was a little poor though, as our wait was extremely long.  Even after going down the street for cocktails (where we waited for 2 hours to come back) we got back when we were supposed to, but still waited there for another hour or so... the food was a little disappointing as well.  I had the duck, and I was expecting more.  Good ambiance, but our table sucked, near where the waitstaff comes and goes... would have thought after such a long wait we would get a better seat, alas, no such luck.  Everyone was happy, but will probably not return as we've had better in the Big EZAlways on the lookout for a good meal at a fair deal, especially when traveling, it never hurts to ask a well-fed looking local. Thus prepared, four hungry travelers rolled into the deep NOLA warehouse 'hood to sample a restaurant recommended by two area hipster types as "my favorite place to eat". With no reservations we could have been immediately seated in the back room. Instead, we asked to wait a few minute's at the bar for a table in the much livelier main dining room. The young n' hunky bartender (hunky per L. and K. the vivacious females in our party) mixed up some excellently classic cocktails while we waited. Despite my initial skepticism, the guy turned out to be one of the better bartenders I've been served by. Soon seated, we found ourselves more excited by the intricate appetizers than the more vanilla-sounding entrees. The starters were so tantalizing in description that we ordered eight (of nine, less the charcuterie plate) and skipped the entrees entirely. It turned out to be a meal not to regret. However - I would caution others NOT to repeat our folly. The starters, especially the crab and asparagus gratin dish, were a delight, but so rich that none of us could face dessert. In a nod to the staff, halfway thru our our meal the building power went out, darkening the whole neighborhood. Candles were quickly it, and glasses refilled. After fifteen minutes the lights came back on. We discovered later that the maitre'd had negotiated a reprieve (possibly involving a little lagniappe?) with a nearby utility work crew to provide power until 10 PM (closing time). Our waitress and the kitchen apparently never missed a beat, and our meal service was flawless. All told, our meal at Dick & Jenny's was a little slice of Nawlins heaven. Local food, fair prices, great flavors and service, all in a funky homestyle spot that felt like home.This place is enchanting in an odd way. As a group of four in our mid-twenties, we were the youngest patrons. It's a neighborhood restaurant that I've passed many times while barreling down Tchoup. It wasn't until staying with a friend right next door over Mardi Gras that I decided it was a necessary spot to try. The crowd ranges from early thirties to mid forties on a Saturday night. The waiters are your standard surly punks who probably do gumshots in the back to tolerate the patron's existence, as seem to be common in these types of restaurants. The service is not great, but the food makes it worth the wait.
The ambiance is not chic. If you're looking for something unpretentious yet you need to appease your foodie self, this is the place. You still do need to make a reservation, because this place does get very busy. Weather was bad the other night, so they lost use of their credit card machines before the dinner shift started. They called to inform us of the issue to make sure it wouldn't be a problem.
The frog legs are amazing. There's a unique crisp skin, perfect tenderness to the meat, and a nice heat to the flavor because of the Crystal hot sauce.
The entrees are filling and rich. While I wasn't a fan of the stuffed pork tenderloin, it was still an enjoyable dish if you really, really like goat cheese. I got tired of the taste, since it's also in the grits. I had a bite or two of the potato chip encrusted flounder, which was simply amazing. I cursed myself for not getting it instead.
The handcrafted cocktails are all amazing. They're seasonal, and it seems they haven't updated that section of the website in a while. We all got different things, and none of us found the drinks disagreeable to us.
Will definitely return to sample its offering someday again.Wish that there was a 6th star available to give Dick and Jenny's the score they deserve.  They just get it on every level!  We live in Oregon and visit NOLA on a pretty regular basis.   We have been dining here since 1999 and on every visit we have the same experience - Fantastic!  
Sunday was our anniversary and we were thrilled to celebrate it with the folks at Dick and Jenny's.  My husband had the smoked duck which he proudly declared was the best duck he has ever eaten.  I guess that pretty much sums that one up.  And I ventured off for the fish which is not usually my meal of choice and it is still memorable!  Two for two- yes.  But it would be unfair to stop with the food because it's certainly the staff that prepares these "to die for" dishes and the folks who lovingly serve it.  Everyone, without exception, was so knowable about every element of the meal and so attentive.  Ok, now we have extra points here too.  So, again where is the six stars when I need it?Everyone in my six person party loved their food but me.
By reports, there were awesome rabbit, duck and pasta dishes.  People were frequently exclaiming how they loved their food, offering tastes to the table, followed by a succession of oohs and yums.  Nice array of drinks as well.
However, I would say don't come here as a vegetarian.  They had an eggplant entree on their website, but apparently they hadn't updated it in forever and when I got there they had no veggie entrees.  I asked if they'd just make me a plate of sides from the meat entrees, but they said no, and offered to make me pasta with a red sauce.  I declined and got the warm caprese salad (quite good), the steamed brussel sprouts (too salty to eat more than five but still yummy) and the cheesey cauliflower (underwhelming but I liked the idea of it).  It was clearly high quality food but a well-composed entree it was not.  I was really disappointed.  
So I'm rating high because by all reports the food was five star, but vegetarians should call ahead to see what the veggie entree is.
Entree prices were $25-35.  Appropriate dress was somewhere between dressy and casual.Had reservations for over a month for New Years'.  Anticipated a knock-your-socks off experience. Not sure that happened but we enjoyed a nice meal.  The food is very good as many reviews indicate.  Atmosphere is cool and southern-Cajun with right touch of New Orleans flair.  Attentive service, decent wine list.  My drum fish was outstanding. Everyone else tried something different and pronounced it delish. On the whole, better than most and certainly not a touristy stop but rather a local favorite worth a try!Yum! Oh look my review for Dick & Jenny's was one of my early one line ones.  How naive of me.  But it shows my love for this place that it was one of the first places I reviewed.  What's odd is that I hadn't been here in almost 2 years.  And y'know what? I'll be back much sooner now that they actually take reservations for dinner. Alleluia!  
Last night was a family dinner and we got a nice mix of items...salads, eggplant appetizer, all seafood entrees, and a couple of desserts, in addition to a couple of cocktails & glasses of wine.  All the items were tasty, but some were really oversized. The ice cream cookie dessert could have fed a family of 6; it was so large & rich.  Whereas the orange/chocolate creme brulee (a dessert that was clearly made to feed my obsession with those flavors) was perfectly sized.  
Service was good with the bartender and other waiters pitched in to help our primary server since the table next to us was very large.  The restaurant can be a bit loud depending on the volume of the guests.Outstanding meal. I have lived in New Orleans for almost 10 years and I'm not sure that I've enjoyed a better experience in this town vs. what is coming out of chef Merlin's kitchen right now! Outstanding food, great service, accessible wine list = 7 stars on a scale of 1 to 5!!!We were from out of town, specifically CALI, we were recommended this place from a local resident. It happened to be a trip for my girlfriends birthday and it couldn't have been any better of spot to celebrate her dinner. From the staff to the presentation of the food it was phenomenal. I had the smoked duck over a corn salad and my girlfriend had a salad which was amazing. The deserts were amazing as well. I will definitely be traveling back specifically to come back to eat here. Its a little off the beaten path but well worth the travel.You would never know when passing this little shack on the corner of Tchoup what treasures are waiting for you inside.  The casual, laid back, atmosphere is very comfortable and the food is simply to die for!! 
If you come to New Orleans DO NOT miss Dick and Jenny's!! 
The escargot and mushroom appetizer is one of the most fantastic dishes from here to Paris!Very tasty meal. Loved the fried green tomatoes. And recommend the Bananas Foster. Service was great.WHOOO Had so much fun at the "Toast the Neighborhood" event sponsored by Oschner's Eat Fit Nola! There was such a yuuge turnout, and I was able to catch up with some fellow yelpers #GoodTiiiimes. They passed around hors-d'oeuvres and wine. They had this phenomenal sparkling rose that I must get the name of. #ChampagneBallin 
Seared Tuna with Creole Mustard Dressed Farro? - Mmm mustard #TheBestahCondiment. The farro has the consistency of quinoa which I definitely thought it was until the server said that it was farro. (Never had farro before oooh fanceee!). Notice the focus on the farro? It was my favorite component of this dish. The seared  tuna (also something I've never had before) had a buttery, easy to eat consistency. It was confusing on the palate it tasted part raw like sushi and partially grilled.  (I know it's seared tuna, duh lol)
Duck Skewer- Quack! I did not hear what the protein on the meat skewer was but I believe in my heart of hearts that it was duck. Cooked to perfection, slathered in a honeyed (bbq?) sauce.I don't know how they did it but the outside seemed caramelized! #CandyDuck I'll take 20!
Quiche- Had crawfish, egg, cheese, crust was crispy and buttery, and a few other things I can't remember. I do however remember that the server mentioned that it wasn't on the Eat Fit menu. It'd be sublime for entertaining! It was savory, crave-ory, and oh so bad for me hahaha!
BBQ Shrimp n Grits- Can't get enough of this southern favorite! They were nice enough to have a something like a table/booth where a person would fix you up a plate. The shrimp had a flavorful kick to them and it was yuuuge which is a powerful combination, ain't nobody messing with this shrimp! #KarateShrimp The grits themselves were stone ground (an absolute favorite, the consistency is #OnFleek) and had a distinct cheese flavor. I initially thought it was just a hint of Bleu however checking the website I see that it's goat (Baaa?!). Don't tell my imaginary dietitian/personal trainer this but I could see myself buying this by the pound LOL #RipMyDiet. 
I think i saw them passing around dessert and one other dish but I didn't get to try neither of them. A fellow yelper recommended that I come back and try the Niman Ranch Braised Pork Cheeks. (Terminator voice) I'll be baaaack!!I would have loved to stay for dozens more courses!
Started off with shrimp risotto and the crab bruschetta, both of which were wonderful. Entrees were bouillabaise (sp?) And the braised pork cheeks, which were also melt in your mouth good. The waitress was very kind and helpful, and the dinner trio made the price very nice for what we got. (~90 for two after tip). Did not try dessert but not for a lack of desire!I came here for a b day dinner and it was great! The waitors and waitresses were incredible. The staff was fantastic. My food was delucious ! No complaints at all. The atmosphere is beautiful. Although the have weird opening hours and days I am glad to have gotten the chance to come here. It was like a coolinary deal. We had a Salad, Dessert, Entre meal and even an alcoholic beverage for about 45 bucks. The dessert was a delicious cheesecake that was thee absolutely best. Overall I had a good experience. Parking is crappy though!My friends are I have been coming here for years.  However, we were unfortunately so offended by our inattentive and ultimately passive-aggressive server that we won't return.  Our bill was also itemized in favor of the establishment's accounting, making it confusing to divide up as a group. The food here is very good, but it's not worth being treated poorly.Awesome food and service, with an ambiance all its own.  Possibly my favorite restaurant in NOLA.  
Expect a 2-hour wait if you get there after about 7 PM 'cause everybody else around wants to go there, too.
Also, expect to park about a block away, because it seems like there's never any place to park nearby.Probably THE best meal I had in NoLa last week next to the Praline Connection. Just..wow. I left speechless. 
For a cocktail, I ordered something with fresh-squeezed pear and ginger. I forget the name, but it's seriously delicious and dangers. 
Even the cornbread is amazing. For my main course, I ordered the redfish, but subbed the rice with the goat cheese grits, which I highly recommend doing. The red fish comes with sauteed spinach and a crab and microgreens salad and it's just lightly breaded with cornmeal. I only regret not splitting the entree with my friend; the portion was exceptionally large and my hotel didn't have a refrigerator for leftover storage. 
For a proper evening out in the Garden District, I highly suggest Dick and Jenny's followed by a cocktail or two at the Cure...You'll need a car, though.There's a lot of great restaurants in New Orleans. There's so much to choose from, you might forget why you came to New Orleans in the first place. If you want some great Cajun/Creole food, then go to Dick and Jenny's.Plenty o food to fill you up. We started with the duck confit salad and we were in love with it! I would go back just for that salad! I had the beef short ribs which came with goat cheese and thyme grits paired with brussels sprouts in browned butter. Only complaint is that the brussel sprouts were not done in browned butter. Browned butter has a distinct taste which I love and this was definitely NOT it. I am a foodie. I would imagine this is a place other foodies would like to try so I would think the chef staff would be careful to prepare the food as described so as to not disappoint the crazy particular folks such as myself. I love brussel sprouts and they were a big part of why I chose this dish over another offering. :/
Hubs had the duck confit and gator sausage dish which came with spaghetti squash and greens. My man went crazy for the greens and he is NOT a foodie - he barely pays attention to his food (awesome for me because I get to choose where we eat and he often takes my suggestions on his entree - which of course means that I get to try two things I want!!! I am a lucky girl!) so when he went nuts for these, I knew they were amazing. 
I wish I had room to try the pistachio creme brûlée! I would have waaaayyy overdone it and it would have been bad for me so I stopped at completely and totally full. I would go back for sure! I would give a 4.5 star if I could for the sprouts but I'm not going to be that picky ; ) .My husband and I went to school at Tulane University many years ago and recently returned to New Orleans for a work trip. We wanted something with local flare, off the beaten path and this totally did the trick. There were three of us at the table and we all ordered different cocktails and food. No one was disappointed. The wine list was comprehensive, with good selection to pair with the food on their menu.Always try to get to this restaurant when visiting NOLA. As usual, it didn't disappoint.  Food was perfect as usual as was service. Have been visiting this restaurant for years and have never experienced a bad or mediocre meal.I didnt love my experience here.
They told us over the phone to come put our names on the list and wait in the patio. The "patio" is a covered area. Depressing, dark to the point of eye straining and with all the atmosphere of a waiting room with a bar menu. Pros: air conditioned.
Unfortunately, it was a procession of unfortunate incidents that evening. We were seated 45 mins after we were told we would be (so nearly 2hrs in total) and the only snack options were fried oysters or a cheese plate. By the time we got to the table, they were out of 2 (of 5) apps, completely out of 3 of the entrees (of course the ones we all wanted) and 4 of the other entrees had been substituted. (eg, rib eye for filet mignon etc).
The hostess did all she could to apologise and correct the experience, she comp'd my friends meal and also send us home with desserts. 
Still, would rather not have wasted one of my few nights in New Orleans here. I think it might have been a safer bet to pull up anchor once they had revealed they were out of so much, and head to Clover Grill for a grilled cheese sandwich.This was very good, although not as swell as I remember it being.  The service felt a little inattentive, and rushed.  They food was very good, but not great.Arrived early and had wine in the bar area which was comfortably set up like a patio, and had conversation with other patrons waiting for their tables.  Funky and pleasing atmosphere.  Dinner, however, was a huge disappointment.  The chef goes crazy with Liquid Smoke, so much so that after tasting the salad for one or two bites, we pushed it aside and waited for the entree, my wife and I having different entrees.  For each of us, after one bite, the food was so bad - again, drowned in liquid smoke - that we got up and left.   We've been to maybe 30 different restaurants in New Orleans over the years, and Dick & Jenny's was the worst food experience we've ever had, hands down.  Inedible. An over-rated disaster.  One star for the bar.Daniel was an amazing server.  The place has a cozy down home, yet sophisticated atmosphere.  It is in an area that I don't think tourist no much about. This is a hidden gem. The escargot was amazing, some of the best corn bread I've ever tasted, greens that knock your socks off and braised short rib that will make you flip. This is a must for dinner! I will definitely return when I come back to visit the city.Casual atmosphere, great food.  They have a seasonal menu so don't expect the same thing twice.Amazing is the only word I can use to describe the experience. I ended up sitting at the bar and the bartender helped me navigate the menu. 
The food was top notch and a great value.The atmosphere here is so great, but I was less than happy with the service. Our waitress was in a grouchy mood...or something. And she brought me the wrong entree (as in completely wrong, not even close). That said, the food was really good. I got a flounder dish which does not appear to be on the menu anymore (I was there in April) with sweet potato grits. Those grits were the absolute highlight of my trip to New Orleans. Delicious!I had NO idea of the quality of both the food and the service of Dick and Jenny's when I walked in; despite years of driving by, I had never stopped in. 
In short: the staff (including the owners) bent over backward to insure that diners had a positive experience, and certainly seemed to enjoy their work while doing so. Their new young chef, Alyssa (sorry if I'm not spelling it correctly), has a number of innovative and thoroughly satisfying dishes on their menu; the risotto is seriously outta sight!
In summation: excellent experience. Can't wait to go back and try their other options. Go if you can, and let those folks know what a thoroughly solid job they're doing.
(Visited last Friday [?], or maybe it was Saturday [April 27 or 28, 2018].)It's Tchoupitoulas location doesn't seem like much, but this doesn't define the place. Come here, sit down in the newly renovated dining room, and take an edge off. This is one definition of New Orleans. The oysters are plump, the fried green tomatoes are savory, and stuffed pork chop is heaven. They showcase a nice wine list and a craft beer section, too. Take all the time you want because they'll call a cab for you.
Enjoy!
Overall: 4.3 / ASo great to have this spot in my neighborhood. I stopped by for an appetizer and a drink. The location is very quaint despite its location along Tchopitoulas. It's right across from Rouses and at the corner. This is a white table cloth restaurant with a very nice ambiance. The lights are low and candlelight fills the space at sunset, which was beautiful. Also, the music selection was jazzy and upbeat. 
I ordered the Corn Fried Oysters ($15) and their Minx cocktail ($12). The oysters were plated beautifully, atop a bed of cole slaw with a remoulade drizzle and micro greens. They were tender, flavorful and a great size (true to New Orleans). In addition to the appetizer, I also received a basket of their warm breads, which included French and corn breads, with butter. The appetizer was served with about 8 or 9 oysters, which was a good portion. Worth the price. 
The Minx cocktail was a vodka based drink with grapefruit and ginger. Very refreshing and light. It was a great complement to the fried oysters. Plus, it was garnished with a sugared piece of ginger, which was so tasty to enjoy at the end of my meal. 
Overall, I had a really great experience here. The one recommendation I would give is to eradicate the slightly musty scent that is evident when you first walk in. It could be the carpet...? 
The staff was both friendly and attentive. I sat in Thadora's section and ordered all that she recommended...win! Will visit again!Yikes. Things have really gone downhill. It's been years since I came here and always remembered loving it. 
While the food wasn't bad, the service was so terrible it pretty much ruined the  whole experience. This is coming from someone who has waited tables her whole adult life. 
Twice while we were ordering our server just walked to another table to help someone, which was weird, but not a deal breaker. 
I ordered a crab, fish, and shrimp dish. When it came, there was no crab. When I told the server, her response was  "Oh, it's just mushed in there" MUSHED! The server actually used that word to explain crab that wasn't there. 
Next, we were a party of 7 and our 7th dish never came out. We waited several mins, thinking it was coming and finally called the server over to ask. She looked very annoyed and walked away then came back and said "I guess I forgot. Should be out in 5-10 mins" and just walked away again. Didn't apologize or offer something to make up for the mistake. 
Sad that this terrible server experience ruined some good food.I had one of the most delicious amazing-tastic meals I've ever had while I was at Dick and Jenny's. I had the beef filet, and it was cooked to perfection (not in the bad advertisement cooked to perfection, but in the "you can cut this steak with your fork, and your mouth is watering from the second your food arrives" cooked to perfection). The food was great, the service was excellent, and the drinks were also delicious. The ambiance of this place really makes me pleased: dinner plates from the years that they've been open, painted and decorated, make the dining room feel a little more like home without seeming cheesy.
Dick and Jenny's definitely knows what it's doing. It can run a pretty penny, but the meal I had was absolutely outstanding, and more than worth the price.I'd heard so much about this restaurant that I had to try it.  Loved the ambiance and the service was great, but the food wasn't the best considering it's in New Orleans.  We started with some appetizers, the oysters were a little rubbery, but the cornbread (served complimentary) was the one thing we all walked away raving about!  
I had the Bouillabaisse and it was OK, not special and a little bland.  My BF had the steak - it was just OK, our friend had the Pork Chop and said it was really nice.  He liked the way they served it on the rarer side and said it was tasty, but he's from LA so I'm much his input's worth... ;)  
All in all a great spot and I'd go back if invited, but on the whole not one of the strongest dinner choices in New Orleans for the prices.  
Our server was kind and brought me a stuffed mirliton when I was sad that it was only on the Reveillion menu.  Loved the staff here - all spoke to us as we left and made us feel welcome.I hate to start a review of a good place with a negative sentence, but this place is overrated. I went here twice many years ago and then agin recently. I liked the food but was underwhelmed and there was a problem with most dishes. An example was the coconut shrimp appetizer. it had a greqt sauce but the shrimp were overcooked to the point of being burnt. The lamb chops were tasty as was the pepper jelly sauce. But there was way too much sauce and too few chops, only two instead of the customary three. And the plate was overflowing with sweet potatoes. Enough for a family of five. The fried green tomato and crabmeat appetizer was nice as was the short rib which was accompanied by a nice sauce and creamy polenta. All in all not a bad meal, just not at the next level. The place is nice IF you get the front dining room.The real deal. A bit off beaten path, located in an old house, the food was perfect.
Gumbo - Def one of he best I've ever had. 
Black Drum - Stupid good.
The cornbread at the beginning of our meal is a great way to set if off right, phenomenal.I'm a repeat customer, having returned after my first exposure through native New Orleanians.  Love the food and the service.  Intimate, eclectic decor off the beaten track.  I think it's in the Irish channel area.  Felt safe to park on side streets.  I prefer the front room, where the bar is.  The bartender makes a mean, dirty martini...filthy dirty as he stated.  Food was delicious and my son, age 19 and not so epicurious raved about the gumbo!  Price fair,  not inexpensive.  Service great and so friendly New Orleans style!  Go, try it - you won't regret!From all the reviews me and my boyfriend were expecting close to perfection and we didn't excactly get it. The atmosphere was really cute and comfy and the staff was very nice but our appetizers took half an hour to come out and our entrees weren't served till we had sat there for 1hr and 15mins. We had the mussels appetizer which was REALLY good! We were starving so we wished it didn't take so long but it was worth the wait. But the entree's, the stuffed pork tenderloin and the stuffed portobello mushroom, tasted reheated and the plates were burning hot, my boyfriend still really liked his pork tenderloin but my portobello was NOT worth the price. When we told the server, she said that a lot of restaurants put there plates in the oven, which was a total cover...She gave us a free dessert though we would've like the app taken off or half off my plate or something. So it was less than expected.Great service, amazing drinks and outstanding food! Nice hostess accommodated our large party (with pre-teen kids) in the front room. Everyone behaved and a good time was had by all. Nice when a place takes its food and service seriously, but doesn't take itself too seriously.Interesting decor. Rustically elegant? Gumbo was an excellent appetizer. The Gulf fish special that evening broiled and seasoned to a T. An interesting garnish was sautéed asparagus slivers. Interesting.After standing in line for an hour at Hansen's, a local told us that Dick and Jenny's was a great spot for dinner. We walked over and were quickly seated.
I admit, I wasn't that hungry after my ice cream stuffed sno ball, so I shared the risotto with a friend. The risotto was perfectly cooked, and a half portion was the right size for me. They even split the plate for us--a really nice touch.
Our table also split the skillet cornbread, which was DELICIOUS. The skillet added a crispiness to the edges and kind of caramelized the corn bread... anyway, DON't SKIP THIS!
Everything was beautifully plated and we all enjoyed our meal. I would love to come back and explore more of the menu!Absolute worst customer service I've ever had and this was even before we even sat at our table. We had reservations for 5 and tried to add one more to our party over the phone the host made it seem like it would be to hard to add and  when we got there and apparently that was asking way too much. The manger rushed over to the host desk as soon as we got there as if she was trying to figure out what we were doing there. Immediately we got the feeling of not being welcomed so unfortunately we didn't get to eat there10 Stars!!! Amazing meal. Something for everyone. Even the cornbread is special! Every dish was super flavorful and better than we imagined. The only issue was deciding what to order. We literally wanted to try every item on the menu. The service matched the food. It's a pleasure to be in a restaurant where you feel like everyone really is excited for you to be there. We were making plans to go back before the first course was finished. 
Barbecued Shrimp and Snapper with Crab fried rice-When we moved to New Orleans our new friends collected a list of "must go to restaurants". We have been pretty good to follow the list, but once in a while on date night we deviate from that list and I jump on yelp to find a place based on the type of food we want. Man, I am so happy I found Dick & Jenny's. This was easily one of the top meals I have had here in New Orleans, and definitely on the less expensive side of things. 
So the area, anything on Tchoupitoulas makes me thing... really??? But this cute little restaurant in a house setting quickly made me forget the location. 
We started with the shrimp and grits, which were to-die-for! They were so good. Like most restaurants around here the heads and tails are left on, which drives me nuts as I feel it just makes things messy. Oh well, it was worth the mess. We also had the roasted beet salad. This was not my choice, and I was a little "what, you are wasting an order on what??". Again, this dish was super delicious. I am so happy we tried it. Our main courses were the black drum and the filet mignon. First, the filet mignon was cooked perfect, had great flavor and was priced right... but it was just filet mignon... there was nothing special about it. On the other hand the black drum was delicious! The seasoning was perfect, and the crawfish risotto was a perfect pairing. Honestly, I am going to dream about this dish for a while.
The dessert menu honestly didn't catch my eye. The carafe of house red was decent. You definitely have to give this place a try. You will not regret it!Took a business partner here for dinner, a little disappointed. The food overall was good but the service was so awkward. Waiter could not suggest favorites, just could tell us what was often sent back and what other guests never finished. Who wants to here that? Again food was not bad, but certainly not memorable and with so many places to eat here in New Orleans...It was absolutely fabulous food. The restaurant was very comfortable. It is a small restaurant but it just adds to the charm of the place.dick and jenny's used to be so good....I know it has changed hands but I cannot understand why the new owners are hellbent on ruining what was a good thing. Duck confit was horrid..all shredded up with giant undercooked pasta. Mashed potatoes had that stored in the fridge taste and a strange gravy that tasted like someone just dumped some wine in a powdered mix to make it fancy. The gumbo tasted like it came out of a can. I used to forgive the ugly decor with it's hacked together look of unfinished plywood and unpainted plaster..but for these prices somebody needs to finish the "renovation"...we even called to see if the chef was the same and they said yes...but I say no. hell no.We enjoyed the service and the atmosphere.    We limited ourselves to appetizers.    The crawfish cheesecake was a bland quiche.   Beet salad  and shrimp and grits were underwhelming .  I enjoyed the chargrilled oyster with tomatoes.Food good but could have been hotter. Service terrible, despite the restaurant only half filled. Our plates obviously sat for some time before being served. Waiter apologized for the delay, and showed up with drinks that were not ordered. We thought they were on the house, given the long delay. Upon checking the receipt, noticed that we were charged. Unfortunately we didn't realize until after we left.Fabulous dinner! Specialty oysters were to die for. Highly recommend. Fancy style restaurant but really family friendly.The appetizer sampler is heaven. Fried green tomatoes, fried oysters and barbeque shrimp cheesecake, holy hell. Everything I tasted here was full of flavor, unique and damn good. 
The setting is great too. Makes you feel like you're back on the bayou rather than on Tchoup across the street from Rouse's. The humidity only adds to the charm.
It's a good place to just go for a drink too. Sit in the quasi-patio area and chill.I thought this place was cool, but the food was just okay for me. Fried oysters weren't great... the red fish was good, and the portion was large. The smoked duck breasts were not great either. For the price, I'd prob go somewhere else.Dick and Jenny's was a pretty stellar meal. It came with high recommendations from a NOLAinian, and totally delivered.
We ate the duck confit/alligator sausage, BBQ shrimp, and frogs legs for savory. All were good sized and super tasty. Dessert was the cookie sandwich with creole creamery ice cream. It was huge and all sorts of awesome.
Drinks were nothing special, but good. Other than being slightly pricy, this place is a must-visit if you're in town.First time tried fries green tomatoes with crab -pretty flavorful. The gumbo was good too. Thicker rouge and more herb but overall good. My coworker had the salad but chicken was a little dry. Cute interior of restaurant.Disappointing experience this evening on my first visit.  Not long after getting seated for a reservation, things went downhill fast with terribly slow and awkward service.  It was clear, the staff was overwhelmed with a full house and couldn't keep up.  Our drink orders weren't taken for over 10 minutes.  We just sat and waited.  We ordered appetizers, some salads and entrees.  One guest didn't get his wine until his entree came out, but some of us did?  Why?
Something was wrong when at almost 90 minutes sitting down, we still had no entrees, nor two other tables near us.  No apologies from the staff, just an explanation they had a "big party" to take care of.  
The food was largely bland.  Fried green tomatoes lacked character and not seasoned.  Beet salad was severely underdressed and the meager portion of beets overwhelmed.  My entree of Drum was cooked nicely, but again was bland and I found myself reaching for the salt shaker which I can't remember doing one time in 5 days in New Orleans.
One of our guests got the wrong entree, but dare not send it back for another delay.  Another guest who ordered duck, said all he tasted was "smoke", equally disappointed.
Considering all the great food I had during my visit, 2 stars is the best this place gets between the bland food and clumsy service.My wife and I and a chef friend spend four days in New Orleans last week, eating and drinking and carrying on, as one does there. The best meal we had was at Dick & Jenny's. Such a comfortable restaurant. I had eaten there years ago and was happy to return. The service is friendly and knowledgeable. The menu is smallish but everything we had was excellent. The charbroiled oysters were the best I've ever had. The BBQ shrimp and grits were so damn good. My wife and I left a day before our chef friend, and she texted us the next day and said she went back to Dick & Jenny's for more shrimp and grits.We started with a couple of appetizers...the shrimp and grits, corn oysters, and fried green tomatoes...they were all amazing! I had the borcette and it was one of the best meals I had in New Orleans! My friend had the gulf fish and it was the best risotto!! Must stop here if you are in New Orleans!Thanks to the coolinary menus (and the awesome Shercole), I made it back to Dick & Jenny's. The ownership had changed since my last time here, but the ambiance and some of the menu is still the same.
While I was having the coolinary pre-fixe dinner, I was pleased to see so many choices for each course. I started with the corn fried oysters & cole slaw, delicious and light and perfectly fried. My 2nd course was the drum and I LOVED the crawfish risotto and that shaved asparagus was a thing of beauty. 
After chatting with her server and noting her pie tattoo, we learned that she was the piemaker for the restaurant and for a small upcharge a few of us subbed in pie (bananas foster cream pie that night) for the panna cotta. DELICIOUS!
Great low key dinner and the servers were on the spot and lovely.Loved this place! The service was so friendly, the atmosphere was lovely, and most importantly, the food was delicious. We got the fried green tomatoes, gumbo, kale salad, and the oysters. All of which were great but the oysters and gumbo were particularly superb.Dick and Jenny's used to be one of my favorite restaurants.  It fell out of my rotation when I couldn't count on being there before opening to secure a table or late enough to avoid an hour or more wait (no reservations accepted).  I had heard that the restaurant changed hands and intended to revisit.  Finally I did and was happy with the results.  Despite there being no cocktail list on the menu, I was able to impress upon the waiter my interest in a well crafted cocktail and was rewarded with an ingenious beverage involving gin, cilantro, muddled cucumber and other things.  It was rather delicious.  The appetizers including crab cakes, portabello blue cheesecake, and something resembling a pasty were phenomenal.  My lamb shank was very good as well.  I could give this restaurant 5 stars, but a couple of the sauces were not quite as good as everything else.  I will definitely return.hands down, the best meal of our entire trip to new orleans (which is a tall order, considering how wonderful all of our meals were). 
we came here upon recommendation of a friend who lived in the city for years. it's off the beaten path and is not in a touristy area at all. however, tourists and residents alike need to try this place if they have not yet experienced the amazingness of dick and jenny's. 
we started with the fried green tomatos with shrimp ravigote. the tomatos were lightly breaded and crunchy- not soggy and nasty like lots of fried food can be. the shrimp were chilled with this amazing spicy, minty sauce on top-- bottom line, our appetizers were phenom. 
i had the pecan crusted louisiana redfish with micro greens and crab meat. my bf had the duck and alligator sausage. while the dishes certainly had a southern flair, they were infused with french and american influences, balancing the meal out nicely. my fish was tender and beyond tasty. i don't even like duck, but my mouth was watering after a bite of his dish. 
the drinks and ambiance of the place also contributed to our amazing experience here. it's a converted house, with a cute patio area to hang out in if you're waiting for a table. they even have a swing! so awesome. they don't take reservations, so make sure you get here early if you want to eat. even still, i'd happily wait hours for one of the best meals of my life. you will not be disappointed with anything you order here. can't wait to go back!Had another excellent meal last night.  Not only was the food wonderful, the company at the bar was top notch.  
I love the homey feel of the place, but maybe that is just my overwhelming love of older buildings.  Very small dining area, so just like everyone else has said, you had better get there early if you don't want to wait for a table.  
For people like me who want a little of everything, the appetizer dinner meal is an excellent choice.  My first visit this past spring had a different appetizer selection plate on the menu.  Last night's selection included the ever-tasty oysters, a portobello and blue cheese cheesecake that was absolutely to die for, and fried green tomatoes with a shrimp ragout on top.  While I wasn't overwhelmed with the green tomatoes, the cheesecake almost took my breath away.  I was a little worried that I wouldn't like it as I'm not a huge fan of bleu cheese.  Color me surprised when I took the first bite and had the tiny flavor explosion melt all in my mouth.  You know it is a good dish if you immediately ask for your dining companion's fork so that you can have them taste.
Fun, casual, eclectic...my kind of place!
Edited to add:  Randy!  I thought there should have been more cheesecake when I opened the box the next day!  I'm glad you liked it...now we just need to go back and get more!The atmosphere is homey and cozy.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  We enjoyed a night out with friends and it was just...a very relaxed, pleasant evening.  
Service is incredibly friendly and polite.  They have the most hard working bus boy I've ever seen.  I was very impressed with everyone's work ethic there.
Wine list is medium sized, but prices are reasonable.  I had the house Pinot Grigio for $6.50 a glass.
The food was also very enjoyable.  We had the cheesecake appetizer, which is very rich and satisfying.  The cornbread in the bread basket is very good too.  Entrees for the evening included the scallops, gulf fish, and lamb shank.  My personal favorite was the lamb shank, with a slightly cherry sweetened sauce.  The scallops came in second, followed by the gulf fish.  I think after a bite of the lamb, any taste of seafood is going to taste more bland, so that's probably my own fault.
We had the ice cream chocolate cookie sandwich and cheesecake for dessert.  The cookie sandwich was very homey and classic.  The mango sauce on the cheesecake was kind of sour and didn't really go with the cheesecake, which was suspected was store bought.  
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place for a relaxed evening out for around $40 per person.   We were seated around 7pm and saw 3 tables with children so it looks like it's definitely a local family favorite spot.Delicious food and wine. Also have a Gluten Free menu. As we have a Celiac family member we rang ahead. We had fantastic service and constant reassurance from wait staff and management that the Chef was doing everything avoid cross contamination. A bit of a drive form the French Quarter where we were staying but well worth it. Highly recommended.Best meal I've had in years in New Orleans. The BBQ shrimp, Caesar salad and gumbo were all extremely well-prepared and full of flava. Dick & Jenny's was recommended to me by a long-time New Orleans resident. It's in the Garden District so if you are staying in the French Quarter without a car, you're going to have a bit of a cab fare getting here. 
D & J's is in a small, shack-like building. The interior is interesting with white tablecloths and hand-painted dishes on the wail (read about why). Food was near perfection and service was friendly and efficient. You'll need reservations during evening rush hours but I sat at the bar and had a very memorable meal. Recommended highly.Great service and wonderful food! 
Escargot: It tasted great. My only complaint would be that it had a bit too much bacon. Still delicious though!
Duck Confit: It was incredibly hearty. I loved the sweetness of the caramelized onions against the bitter greens. I also liked that the greens weren't cooked down too much. They added a crunchy texture to the dish that was definitely needed. 
I don't remember what the last dish was called, but it was a pasta dish with crab meat. It was very rich but delightful. (I only had a taste.)
Rather than an actual desert, we got The Raven cocktail. I am definitely not a fan of bourbon. But this drink, it was just amazing! Not only was a second one ordered, but I'm thinking I may need to start drinking bourbon! If it's even possible, I think it could taste just a hint better with a muddled blackberry rather than just using it for garnish.Incredible food! I don't like shellfish, but the oysters here are delicious. I ordered the filet mignon and a side of roasted cauliflower for dinner and could not have been more satisfied. 
The restaurant had a great atmosphere. It was small but not cramped, so it felt intimate and wasn't too loud. The servers were friendly and did a great job keeping my glass full without me ever noticing that they were refilling it! I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice dinner.Food is always fabulous. Service is always very good. I particularly like their pork tenderloin stuffed with goat cheese and pine nuts. I also had a steak once with some kind of cheese-type sauce with it, but I can't remember what it was called, but it was truly fantastic. One thing that's great about it is that you can go in jeans or a nice dress and either way you fit in. It's good for dinner with friends and family or a nice date. The only thing is that they don't take reservations, so go early or be prepared to have a drink and eat some cornbread while you wait.Came here recently for lunch and was happily surprised by how affordable their menu is for lunch - apps, salads and sandwiches range between $8-13. The entrees are a bit pricey for lunch but I think there are plenty of other options that can make this a cheap lunch date spot. 
I've always loved the quality of the food here. Portion size is awesome. Flavors are robust and ingredients taste fresh. Presentation always warrants a photo op. Just an overall big fan of this place!
And I love that the main dining room is decorated with all these cute hand-painted plates - gives me a homey, loved feeling. 
Oh and the service was excellent!Great service and excellent food. Was not crowded on a Sunday morning like all of the French Quarter restaurants.  My wife's Bloody Mary was top notch and they didn't judge me for ordering a sazarac with breakfast.This is a cozy cute little place for a romantic dinner or a fun dinner out.  The complimentary basket of cornbread is nice and the cornbread is fresh.  The chargrilled oyster are an interesting take on the many versions around town - it's topped with chunky red bell pepper and garlic.  They are good, but wish the toppings were smaller/minced.  We had the short rib sliders which were very good, the eggplant rollatini which was also good but a very small portion, and the duck which was average.  I subbed out the greens for the macque choux for a low carb version, but the greens were too vinegary and I wanted the duck to be better than it was. I appreciated that they were so accommodating, however.  The banana pudding cake for dessert was also okay.  The waitress was very friendly and the service was warm & attentive.  I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because it is a really cute place and the service was exceptional, and nothing we ate was downright bad - but nothing we ate was memorable either or comparable to better versions around town. Overall this is a solid place and I look forward to trying it again.Ive only had appetizers so far and this is by far the best dining experience i've had in New Orleans. The BBQ gulf shrimp with goat cheese grits and the bacon butter escargot may be the two greatest things I have ever tasted. Ambiance is quaint, but busy. A great vibe even on a Monday night. Service was a little slow but no complaints given the great atmosphere. Can't say enough great things and I haven't even had an entree.Awesome dinner.  Fried green tomatoes, wife had the quail stuffed with andoille, one of the best things we ate in NOLA.  Thought that my entree, which was steak and fried oysters, was very good but did not quite measure up to hers in terms of taste (but still very good).  Great cornbread and sazerac.
Fantastic, warm service.  Nice decor inside.  Had a great experience and thought food was better than commander's.WOW.  Best meal I had while in town!
The alligator & Crawfish cheese cake - sounded confusing as an appetizer, but there was no confusion about how freaking delicious it was.  Props on the fried oysters too!
Let's talk dinner menu - the duck was great, the scallops were fantastic (possibly the best I've ever had), and the pork was spot on.
My only regret was being too full for dessert.
From the outside, you'd never expect the humble building to house such a top-notch, yet homey place. 
It's SO worth the $12-15 cab ride from the CBD!  Stop reading this right now  and get your butt to Dick & Jenny's!!!The food was great and everyone there, including the chef, was friendly and made me feel like family.Had dinner with Georgia the owners mom. She made this the 5 stars that it is. I had duck she had the tuna and they were both awesome! That's right, this total stranger shared her dish with me. Leslie at the front made me feel welcome and in all I will definitely say that this is new hangout when I want a good dinner.On the recommendation of friends who live in New Orleans we joined them for dinner at Dick & Jenny's - our first time.  On a Wednesday night the restaurant was not very busy.  We were immediately seated and greeted by our server.  Our server this evening was not experienced and seemed distracted.  It took too long for the drinks to arrive (we were seated an arm length from the bar!) and she lost track of the service between the ordering of an appetizer (the amazing char grilled oysters) and ordering our entrees. 
But our NOLA friends took control and made sure we enjoyed the aforementioned oysters - the best I have ever had and our entrees - mine was the Black Drum.  I found the drum a tad over salted but the crawfish risotto snuggled underneath the sizable drum - OMG - I cannot rave enough about how wonderful the risotto tasted.  My wife ordered the  Eggplant Rollatini and I had the joy being served a bite. I am not a eggplant fan but this version was done very well.
Once our server got into rhythm the drinks flowed nicely and we thoroughly enjoyed the 
evening!