This place is truly a class act steakhouse. When we first arrived for our reservation we were greeted by three friendly hostesses. The place was bustling and very busy. We were sat about 15 minutes later at a cozy booth. The service and food were phenomenal. The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because my boyfriend's steak came out incredibly overdone (he ordered it medium- pink all the way through and it came out well, without a touch of pink). I understand that things happen, food gets messed up, but this is a steakhouse and a $40 steak. My boyfriend did not complain, I'm sure the steak would have been fixed and replaced, but we did not want to wait for another one to be prepared. My steak (the petite filet with blue cheese) was cooked impeccably at medium rare. Our sides- the au gratin potatoes and asparagus were amazing as well as our dessert (triple chocolate cake). All in all, the experience, service, and food was worth the money. Oh! And there was a trio of men walking around the restaurant singing to patrons- it really brought you back in time and they had great voices. This really added an extra touch!Went there before the theatre and had to leave without eating dinner. It took over 40 minutes to receive our order & it was terrible. The onion rings were burnt, hamburger was cold & bun was stale. The waitress said she was begging the kitchen to hurry & the manager took the item off the bill but we left hungry. Kitchen staff needs some supervision. The tail is wagging the dog!Cocktails were great. Seasonal salad and wedge salad both delish. Filet cooked rare was perfect but my husbands prime rib was a bit over cooked but still had  a great flavor. Au gratin potatoes were just average. The dessert. Sweet potato cake was outstanding. Would highly recommend this restaurant. Wait staff was very attentive but not hovering.Best Dinner Experience I've ever had! Came to DB Steakhouse with a group of friends just for dinner, promptly greeted by the host and decided to get a drink at the bar while waiting for friends...Manager(Jordan & Brett) walked us to our table and welcomed us in! Alise, Carlos and Flip took excellent care of us! Chef Greg came over multiple times to ask how the food was which was EXCELLENT! Very nice seeing so much management present during service! Every server smiled and said hello when we walked by them. Still raving about the food which was by far the BEST food I've ever eaten in my life! I would recommend the Steakhouse to anyone looking for quality food and exceptional service! Thank you guys so much! Good job guys!The meal gets a five but service a three.
Meal, possibly the best of my life. So amazing. Steak perfect. Bone marrow: INCREDIBLE. Pontalba potatoes were the only mild disappointment. They would be better for brunch. Still yummy though.
A cappella group also gets a five! So fun.
Our server or "captain" was a real jerk. Almost ruined our dining experience. We saw him reprimand the other people helping us several times FOR HELPING US. I understand there's an order and how things are done but bottom line is we need to be helped and served. Our "captain" Rafael did not help us. At all. Nick was truly our server and did a great job. Julie also helped us and we saw her getting yelled at too only a few inches from our table. At one point Nick got pulled away and reprimanded WHILE he was at the table. He was so embarrassed when he came back. Poor thing. He didn't say anything negative about Rafael but I did. If Rafael was so interested in making sure our dining experience was good he would have come to our table more.Once-weekly lunch and every dinner had great service, good setting, excellent service. Expensive but food deserves it. As good as the original Brennan's is no longer (mass production there).I wasn't impressed with the actual dinner - ordered Shrimp Fettucini with creole alfredo and it was very bland - but the fried artichoke appetizer and the fried oyster appetizer were simply delicious. The service was outstanding and the place had great atmosphere, too. We had a private company lunch there, so noise wasn't an issue since we were the only guests. As with most places in the French Quarter, the building and atmosphere were amazing so it makes the whole experience worthwhile. I'd definitely go back even though I'm a vegetarian and only eat seafood. The fried oysters alone would be worth the trip!The gulf fish just melted in my mouth, and the other three in my party gave the steak five stars. In general, a delightful French quarter restaurant  experience and worth your time.Bring on the meat!
While I was here I heard great things about this place.  I've been making my way down the list of restaurants participating the Coolinary Specials and convinced my crew to stop in here. 
The food was excellent! I had the 6 oz medallions specials which was perfect for me.  Sorry, I can't chow down too much meat at once.  They were amazing!  It was the perfect portion for  me and left just enough room for the awesome sides baked potatoes and creamed spinach.  This coolinary special was for $33!  Can't beat that!
And of course dessert!  While Bananas Fosters is their signature dessert, they had a Guinness (in house made) ice cream that was to die for! I stole some from my buddies.....
You can not go wrong with this place.  It is worth the price, and will leave you great food memories of NOLA.Wonderful!  We were seated in the bar area, which I wasn't thrilled about.  They put us in a high table and I'm really short so my feet dangled through the whole meal.  But other that that I have no complaints.  The staff was great, very attentive and helpful.  The food was perfect.  I ordered the garlic crusted redfish with the lettuce wedge while my husband got the BBQ ribeye and spinach salad. For dessert we split the chocolate crepes.   It was my birthday and and great way to celebrate.  We will definitely be back.If you are familiar with this establishment, you definitely know the ambience is outstanding.  We arrived 30 minutes prior to the reservation time and was seated promptly.  The majority of the staff was attentive, professional, and a pleasure to be around.  Notably, Troy and and the hostess were outstanding!  It took a little longer than I imagined for the appetizers, but the main course came fast and was excellent!  I will definitively be back again, and put this restaurant in my great steak rotation.This place was kind of a big disappointment for me, but that's probably because of context:  every other meal we had in New Orleans was delicious AND unique, while this is just another steakhouse, and not a particularly fantastic one at that. 
We arrived in plenty of time before our party, so we took in a few drinks at the bar.  This would turn out to be a highlight:  the bar is beautiful and well stocked, and the drinks were strong and delicious.
When the balance of our party arrived, we took our seat in the dining room--a really nice space. Orders were placed, wine arrived and the night moved into the next stage.  When the appetizers arrived (I would order the tomato and blue cheese thing) we went to town.  Mine was good, nothing amazing, but nothing amazing is necessarily expected in a meal with two ingredients.  
The next round featured the steaks and sides.  I had a filet cooked medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and well seasoned, but nothing about it really stood out.  It was simply: a steak (this is not necessarily a bad thing, it's just not special).  The sides varied from delicious to not at all good:  The best were the mashed sweet potatos, which were some of the best of these I've had.  The french fries were also delicious.  The summer squash was good, but unremarkable, and I opted to not try to mushrooms because I don't like mushrooms.  We didn't order mashed potatos but they brought them anyway.  I wish they hadn't:  I'm not saying they used an instant mix, but they sure did their best approximation of an instant mix.  Not good.
Desserts were similarly good-but-not amazing.
What was amazing though?  The service--just perfect.  Also, for three courses, and several bottles of wine for six people, it was significantly less expensive than I would have guessed.  So, for decent steak, great service and not much else, its worth it for the price.We actually had Happy Hour in the beautiful bar.....which was lovely.  The service was top notch...as well as the libations and happy hour food....and of course...the price was great (I think happy hour is 5-7?) Go here if you want to have a civilized cocktail and or something to munch on before dinner.  Check out the mini liquor bottle collection displayed on the walls...pretty cool.  Would like to try this place for dinner sometime.This is an excellent restaurant to visit for some seafood and steak. The ambiance is exquisite and the service is great. I highly recommend going to this location for any special event.While staying in New Orleans we came to Dickie Brennan's for dinner.  We were very impressed with the wait staff, the food, the ambiance.
We had the house salad, mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Our steaks were prepared just as we ordered and  I loved the dressing on their house salad.
A fine dining experience all the way around!A nice atmosphere. Food was very good. Prices were a bit high but okay spice the food was good.We're always looking for the elusive perfect happy hour. I wish I could say I found it here, but alas...
The prices? Not bad.
The food? Good, not great.
The service? Indifferent.
Prime Rib Sliders - never asked if we wanted any of the Worchestershire, Béarnaise or horseradish cream, and the crispy potato gaufrettes tasted like Ruffles that had been tossed in the deep fryer as an experiment.
Louisiana Crabmeat Batons with Pepper Jelly Glaze - couldn't taste the crab, but the jelly was quite spicy.
Grilled Beef Skewers with housemade Worcestershire sauce, served over Steak Fries - the fries were wonderful, the steak tips were not.
Crawfish & Artichoke Dip with garlic toast points - a hot glob of cheese. Minus points.
We'll keep searching....$5 after 5pm (til 7) includes 5 savory small plates & two cocktails (Spikes Arnold Palmer & Sobieski Martini).  Jovanda (in the bar area) and fellow staff (Jeff) were EXTREMELY polite!
I sat in the bar area and shared Tempura battered shrimp dippers, Louisiana crabmeat beggars purse & Prime cheeseburger sliders. All of these small plates were flavorful and perfectly sized for sharing. The bar wait staff was attentive & polite at all times. However, the staff at the reception area was nonchalant and seemed annoyed that I interrupted her filing her fingernails. (Mon, 5pm - young lady; didn't get her name). Just bypass her and go into the bar area on the left for wonderful service and yummy appetizers.
On-street parking is a challenge but perservere and you will be rewarded by the ambiance, food and drinks here.Top notch service and food.  We got the seafood gumbo, cowboy steak, potatoes au gratin, wedge salad, drum with polenta, bananas foster, and creme brûlée.  I can't say a negative thing about any dish.  We came for my husband's birthday and they put a couple of balloons on our table which was a nice touch.  Atmosphere is romantic if you want or inviting for a group of friends.  Bartenders knew what they were doing for my husband's sazerac and offered some tasty mocktails for me since I'm pregnant.  They offer $2 valet parking next door to the restaurant which is awesome considering the location!Wow-What an experience!  From five star service to outstanding food.  Three people waited on us.  The table was constantly kept clean, they kept the water filled, and we even got a free taste of one of their items before we ate.  The ranch dressing on my salad was perfect, and the filet melted in my mouth. The grilled asparagus was great-and I hate veggies.. Would go here anytime! Made my reservation through yelp, and it was perfect..I called the restaurant a few days in advance to make reservations. Told them my husband was celebrating a special birthday. When we arrived they wished him a happy birthday and walked us over to our table which was decorated with balloons and confetti. The service was amazing and the food was delicious. We ordered an entree for two Chateaubriand that came with a few sides of grilled veggies and potatoes. Omg..... it was amazingly delicious!!!!! You must also have dessert, the bread pudding is to die for. Definitely will go back when in town!!!!!Well, our evening started out a little confused. Made reservation for steakhouse, but started at the bourbon house by accident. Found out after getting drinks and appetizers that we were at wrong location. Called the steakhouse, they said no problem and changed our time. 
   On our arrival we were immediately shown to our table. The 3 of us all ordered a 24oz bone in rib-eye topped with blue cheese and pepper in crusted . They also came with potato, and oyster sides. We also had cocktails. Everything was excellent, food & service. Then it was time for cigars, then a food coma.If I could I would give them absolutely no stars for this horrible place. The host was just so rude and didn't even welcome us in. Really, that host needs to stop being racist and only help Caucasian. WTF, I thought we stopped the racism. We were told to wait 20-30 mins and waited for about 20 mins. And I saw that some people came in after and was told to wait the same amount was seated down before us. Just because we don't look like old people don't mean we don't have money ok.Been here many times, always great. Service always professional and polite and super. Can't say enough.This review is from February 2017 
Went here our first nice with a group of people for dinner. 
The appetizers were good however the food not so much. The wait for our drinks took a while which I guess was common for a big group, but you would think they would plan accordingly. It's not the best steak for me, guess I should have gotten fish like everyone else lol.  The Mac and cheese was BAD 
The entertainment while having dessert was so much fun and the singing was even better. 
Overall I would say 3 out of 5Food was great and service was great.  I had a great 24 oz (cowboy cut) medium rare rib eye steak with grilled asparagus and augratin potatoes.  There were many other great things in the menu, like soft shell crabs, seafood gumbo and many other cuts of steaks, but tonight I wanted a rib eye.  I think I will try the prime rib and the gumbo next time.  I was so full that I couldn't eat dessert.This Brennan's is a bit better than most, but with a steakhouse there's a lot less variables involved do i guess that's why. Still, you'd do better going to Crescent City if you're not up to Ruth's CHRIS.Horrible, they have no customer service.  5 of us there and our steaks were raw. We sent them back and they came back the same way. Asked to talk to the Manger and had to ask 5 times before he showed up. All he said was ok and took them off the bill. I will never go back, so many better steakhouses nearby so don't go here.Best steak I've ever had. First time to New Orleans and I will never forget this meal. Everything was cooked perfectly, service was great, and atmosphere was awesome. I highly recommend it.Seemed a bit overpriced in my opinion, and the service wasn't quite there. Quality of the steaks was good though. But not good enough to get any more of my money.Had dinner here last night and was disappointed by everything except the service.  I rarely eat burgers but was craving one and I absolutely love DB onion rings.  Since they claim to have one of the top 5 burgers in the city and use prime beef we decided to go.  Everything we ordered was a complete fail.  Foie gras dusted French fries came out soggy, limp and awful without any hint of the flavor that was expected.  Blue crab beignets weren't cooked completely.  Seriously, there was raw batter inside.  Another fail.  Burgers came out missing the bacon and the tomato jam, a bit over cooked, and the beautiful onion rings  were uncooked on the inside.  The fryer was too hot and must have browned everything too quickly.  Inexcusable for a Brennan's eatery.  I asked for some of their garlic aioli.  Well I don't consider regular mayo with a sprinkle of garlic powder on top garlic aioli.  Sorry DB, but I'm done.  We live in the quarter and enjoy walking to dinner but next time I'll be taking a cab to Luke, La Petite Grocery, or Junction.  Two stars for the great service.Our family of three made reservations and were seated within a few minutes of arriving. Waitstaff was wonderful! Food was delicious! Husband had the Escargot appetizer, truly amazingly delicious. We all had steaks, prepared exactly to order. My barbecued Shrimp Ribeye was  great. We went away stuffed!When my  Polish traveling companion and young American friend wanted "mild" fish not seafood, we took a chance and just walked into Brennan's at 7pm on a Friday night. Got a great table right away and then laughed with delight several hours away with great food, excellent service, and very pleasant ambiance. 
As a ovolacto vegetarian (no fish no chicken no seafood no sauces made with animal broths...), I always enjoy "testing" the wait staff in a place with no obvious vegetarian option.   Roy the waiter didn't even blink when I asked him what there might be for me... he recommended that I allow the chef to create a vegetable dish for me. It was excellent. Basically extremely perfectly sauted very fresh vegetables with great seasoning... 
My friends' fish was really excellent and they also raved about the turtle soup and the gumbo.
The service was astonishing. I worked for twenty years in restaurants whilst getting my Ph.D. and I loved the service: Prompt, courteous, not too personal but involved. Roy and William anticipated our every need. My two young friends were truly impressed and felt so comfortable. That is a lovely combination. Thanks.I find myself coming here a few times a week whenever I'm the FQ. It's quiet and subdued. Warm steakhouse atmosphere. Great wines. Dependable food. It's just perfect to avoid the hoards of wobbling tourists outside.  Diagonally across Royal come the Monteleone. To me, a step up come Mr. B's across the street. Never disappointed.Bar staff super friendly and knowledgeable, excellent drinks that were reasonably priced. GREAT Bourbon selection. Char-grilled oysters were perfect, as were our bartender's suggestion of premium oysters on the half shell. Great experience!Great Steakhouse! Very nice place compared to all of the other places nearby. Very upscale. The hostess staff were a little unfriendly and incompetent. They said to wait in the bar, but I had to remind them to take my name. Steak was AMAZING!! prices are a little high, but well worth it. The desert (bread pudding) was fantastic. Waiter and other staff were very friendly. If you can afford it GO!This place is right between 4-5 stars.
Pros: Service was pretty good, though our waiter didn't share with us the specials that we heard other waitstaff telling their customers. Both my friend and I loved our meat dishes. He got filet, I got prime rib. The creamed spinach was wonderful and reminded me of the old Berghoff's in Chicago. We split the chocolate cake for dessert; topped with shavings of white chocolate, it was fantastic.  
Cons: Portions are huge. I would have been fine with a 6-8 oz slice of prime rib, and left half of it because I simply could not eat more meat. We got a half carafe of the merlot, which tasted as if it had been open for a long time. Don't get the fries -- they were soggy and cold by the time they arrived at our table. Prices were quite high but typical of a steakhouse. Don't come here if you're on a budget!Quite  possibly the finest steakhouse in north america. I had a perfect ribeye there and heard angels sing. if you are in NO and want steak, this is the right place. Don't waste time anywhere else, go straight for dickie brennan's. Double highly reccommend.We enjoy eating in the bar. It's upbeat and cozy. Excellent menu. Best steaks. Prime rib cowboy highly recommended.Dinner took 3 hours for a party of 7. Steak was terrible and the waitress was even worse.  This restaurant is way overrated.Eh. I went here for prime rib and they were out of it. How does a steak house run out of meat of any variety. They waited until after bringing our drink order to tell us this so we decided to stay but the experience was already ruined. 
Prices were high, and my substitute steak was ok, but not great. 
I can't see myself going back.Excellent steakhouse!!!   Delicious food with impeccable service!   Justin and his team ensured our anniversary dinner was memorable!   Thank you!Went there for the first time last night.  I made reservations 5 days prior, for 7:30, 2 people.  Waaay beforehand to assure us of a decent table.  We got there promptly at 7:30.  The place was packed.  Apparently, there was a big convention in town and my guess is that the restaurant had a lot of walk ins.  In my opinion, walk ins should not matter if you have a reservation.  Anyway, we're told we would have about a 15 minute wait... they were "running" behind schedule.  The unfriendly hostess (caucasion girl, kind of a big girl) came and got us from the bar.  I got out my chair turned to follow her and she was gone.  Didn't wait for us, met us at the steps going down into the restaurant (Rude).  She proceeds to show us a table for 2, about 2 feet wide and about 8 inches from another couple who were seated at a table, wider than the one she was showing us.  I told her 'no, this table would not do.'  After making my reservation far in advance and then having to wait, I wanted a nice table not on top of someone else.  She rudely turned and proceeded to walk upstairs (I was not rude when I told her this.  I said it in a nice voice, smiling).  She whispered to one of the other hostesses who then told me it would be another 15 to 20 minutes to get a better table or a booth.  I agreed and waited.  We waited about 20 minutes and finally got seated in a booth.  We ordered and ate.  I ordered a petite filet and told the waiter I would like it well done.  I said if that was hard to do, I had no problem with having it butterflied.  The waiter told me it was no problem.  My steak came and it was blood red in the middle.  I didn't feel like telling the waiter so I ate around the edges. It was so so in taste... nothing special.  The cream spinach was very good.  As I was finishing my cosmo, the waiter asked if I would like another and I said yes.  He grabbed my glass.  I had about 2 sips left but again, didn't say anything.  My husband finished his meal,  We sat there about another 25 minutes and my 2nd cosmo never came nor did the waiter even approach our table again.  My husband finally had to yell his name when he was close by at another table and ask him to bring our check.  I hate to criticize someone's looks but the waiter had rotten teeth, not a very nice feature when you're serving food and what is supposed to be a nice restaurant.  He was attentive at first but then we faded as the night went on.  Between the rude hostesses, lack of attentiveness and ridiculous wait even with a reservation, I will not go back and do not recommend at all.  Besides, it's really a tourist attraction restaurant.  Tourists should try Austin's in Metairie.  The steaks are the best!The lighting is very cold in this restaurant.  Seems like they use flourescents... Doesn't quite set the mood for a steak dinner.  My steak was over cooked and no one came by for 15 min to see how our food was.  By then I was so hungry I just ate the dried out steak.  The vegtable du jour was delicious.  I would probably not go back.Their 24 oz. bone-in ribeye is to die for. This steak was simply seasoned in what it appeared to almost be a Cajun seasoning. It was cooked to our liking with some delicious side dishes of mac and cheese, au gratin potatoes, and mushrooms.   For desert, we ordered the bread pudding, which was just as delicious. 
I will definitely recommend this place for anyway wanting to enjoy a steak dinner during their visit in the French Quarter.Wonderful from start to finish.  Dickie Brennans is located in the french quarter. However, once you walk through the revolving doors the atmosphere is definitely upscale. The dim lighting made the setting feel private and intimate.  As soon as we sat down we were greeted by one of our three servers.  We started with the fried oysters in a Tabasco Chipotle cream sauce. I never used to be a fan of fried oysters but Restaurant August turned that around for me and Dickie Brennans is added to the list of making fried oysters delicious.  The sauce was not to spicy it was very flavorful. My entrée consisted of the filet with steamed lobster and creamed spinach.  My filet was prepared as requested the lobster was succulent.  The service was unbeatable.  They had a quartet singing in the dining area which was an unexpected treat.  I will definitely return.  I had an awesome experience.Best steak I've had in a very long time! It's a pretty fancy place the atmosphere is very pleasant! Our server was a little hard to understand and very distant but the food is unbeatable!!! Melt in your mouth, tears of joy   Kind of good!!! I will recommend this place to any true steak lover! Me and my boyfriend got the 12 ounce ribeye and split it with a side of mashed potatoes and the butternut squash soup! Yummy!I was looking for a great place to celebrate the first friend I met when moving to Austin, Tx. She was coming to my city and we hadn't spent any quality time together in at least 12-15 years. So, we experienced Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse for the very first time, together!
We were enthusiastically greeted and escorted to the dining room, which is below street level (I didn't know this was even an option in NOLA). Our table was positioned sort of in the middle of the room, which I enjoyed because I love to see what's going on, what other people ordered, etc. 
The ambiance was rich. Dark walls, light floors, stellar staff! This place, just being in it makes you feel special! Our service team and management were incredibly attentive, water glasses always filled, and never (not even once) did we have to look for them. 
We were promptly treated to an amuse, which was quite delicious! Then it was game on! This menu, while carrying some very traditional entrees, as well as steakhouse fare, was also packed with a few surprises. Not one to conform to the norm, I branched out...
My appetizer was bone marrow topped with escargot. So. Incredibly. Decadent.!!! I just savored every bite. It was rich and delicious, gelatinous and fatty - as it should be!
Now how does one follow up with fat? How about duck cooked in duck fat? It was an evening of pure indulgence, and I went for the confit of duck leg with duck breast. It was so incredibly perfect, bursting with flavor, juicy and delicious - just as one would suspect! Washing this all down with a beautiful Chateau Montelena Cabernet Sauvignon was the proverbial icing on the cake! 
Did someone say cake? How about a 7 layer sweet potato doberge cake with a king cake eclair on the side? This sugary dynamic duo represented all that you dream desserts would be. And the perfect sugar high to end an absolutely PERFECT dining experience. 
I can hardly wait for another special occasion, so that I can celebrate it here. 
Highly recommended! If you come here and don't love it, then you don't know how to eat ;-)best service i have ever received.  best food i have ever had. best experience ive ever experiencedGreat atmosphere but disappointed in the service. We had reservations and got seated right on time. We ordered our drinks-took a while to get them. We ordered our meals and we waited over an hour. We finally asked and were told 5 mins. About 15 min later our steaks came but not our 6 sides we had ordered. Obviously our order was not put in but the waiters were not willing to admit that. We would have been happy with an apology-but they acted like it was no big deal and never offered any explanation. The food was delicious but our party of 6 will not return!This was one of the best places I visited while I was in New Orleans.  The turtle soup was amazing one of my favorites!  The service was excellent and I would recommend this place for anyone thinking of trying it!My friend and I have a bucket list to hit the top ten steakhouses in America. So far we have been to Pappas Bros, Gibsons, Jean and Georgettis, Killens, Bohanans , Peter Lugers and Cut, all of which are top notch and worthy of being in the top ten. How Dickie Brennans got on this list is beyond me. First of all the hostess was dressed like a street walker. The wait staff were not that knowledgeable, slow and inattentive, we even had to pour our own wine and sit with empty water glasses. We started with turtle soup and the worst French Onion soup I have ever had and to top it off the soup was luke warm. We then had a filet and a ribeye, both tasted like they were boiled and had no flavor. They were not seared, flavorless and chewy. Your a steakhouse and can't prepare a proper steak? The sides were just as bad, the worse being the Brussel sprouts. I like my veggies al dente but they were hard as marbles, they were so hard my fork would not penetrate them. I ordered a bottle of wine, they were out and told me they hadn't had that label for months. I asked for their som but one waiter said they didn't have one the other waiter said he doesn't show up there, "he is the som for all four of their restaurants and I guess spends his time at home. The wine list is terrible for a upper end steakhouse. This was my single worst experience at a steakhouse in my life. 
Maybe the tourist type Bourbon street crowd think this place is good, if so they need to go back to Golden Corral.
Don't believe the hype or reviews and save your money and go somewhere worthy of the price.Had lunch there yesterday.  Service was awful!!  Wait staff not remember who ordered what, steak not cooked to order,   Food was ordinary except for turtle soup which was superb.  So disappointed.A French Quarter institution, located right on Bourbon Street. Old school steakhouse with a Cajun/Creole twist. I've been here several times over the past decade during my trips to New Orleans, and it always is a good meal. Big fan of the shrimp and grits appetizer, the crab cake appetizer, and the large filet. They cook the steak perfectly, and its well seasoned. Also a big fan of the truffled Mac and Cheese.The steak was delish as were the sides (onion rings & whipped potatoes). What fell flat for me was the ambiance. It just wasn't there for me. It was a great steak but you can get a great steak at a lot of places in NOLA, especially for that price.Good service, good food.  We were able to get an 8:30 pm reservation for a party of 7 the Saturday afternoon of Columbus Day weekend which was surprising .  I don't have anything bad to say other than one of my companions didn't get the prime rib he ordered, saying they were out of both cuts he requested - way after he ordered, when the rest of our entrees were being served.  But, I have nothing fabulous to say either.  Fairly typical steakhouse.  We all enjoyed our meals.We started in the bar which was great. Very pleasant and good drinks. The service from beginning to end was very attentive, friendly and flawless. 
The food was very good. I had the gumbo and my steak came with oysters which I loved. Our sever recommended a wine which was also very good. 
We samped three desserts which were also amazing and I am not usually a dessert person. 
I would definitely go back.Great experience!  The staff were very friendly including the GM who came to our table and had a 10 min conversation at our request.  The food was fantastic from the appetizers to the dessert. The menu is gluten free friendly with lots of options.  I will be back next time I'm in NO!Fantastic food. Best steak I've had in a long time. They made chicken nuggets for my 8-yr old and they were great. Fresh warm bread before the meal was great. The food gets 5 stars. The service would get 2 or maybe 1. We were in jeans, sweatshirts and sneakers. We had been walking all day to the aquarium and museums. There was only 1 waiter there who didn't treat us differently because of how we were dressed. We are from the country. We didn't travel with the fanciest clothes. But our money spends just the same as everyone else's. Looking down your nose is not a good way to earn repeat business.This was pleasant, but not great.
steak was okay, but not even up to the standards of Ruth's Chris.
Service was nice, lots of servers.
The chocolate sauce for the ice cream was bad.
I know, strange.....
but it tasted yucky.
go figureThe service was excellent and so was the food except ....my filet was dry and it was cooked medium rare. I'm used to grilled and juicy so I was disappointed about that. My husbands prime rib was tender and juicy so he was very happyWalked out very disappointed. Saturday dinner for my husbands was a complete bust. We sat for a good 8 minutes waiting for someone to give us a menu. I get that its saturday and they were busy. Finally, bunch of waiters came and ask for our drinks, bread and water. It took her another 10 minutes to take our order.
I ordered caesar salad, rib eye, cream spinach, mushroom and au gratin. My husband ordered gumbo and prime rib.
Caesar salad was the highlight of my dinner. My steak was ok. Cream of spinach was so bad, we barely touch it. I didn't try the au gratin, it was watery, my husband said it wasnt good. 
It hurts paying for a bad meal!!!My overall experience here was great. It starts of by being greeted immediately by the hostess and brought to our table [we had a large party so we made reservations prior]. Once seated, we were introduced to our wait team (each party receives three wait staff). Everyone was so nice and attentive. 
On to the courses. For appetizers, we ordered the portobello mushrooms, bbq shrimp with fried grits, and lobster and artichoke dip. They were all great but I absolutely loved the lobster and artichoke dip. For the entree, I ordered the sirloin strip cooked medium rare. Perfection! It was seasoned just right and cooked to a perfect temperature. So juicy and yummy! One of my sister ordered the garlic grilled redfish. I tried a price and thought it was good. It buttery and kinda melts in your mouth. If you like garlic, you'll like the redfish. My other sister ordered the ribeye. I thought her ribeye was on the salty side but still good. I think it's saltier because the ribeye were sliced thinner. I thought the strip was perfect for me. It's a thicker piece but seasoned well. None of us got desserts because we were just too full by then. But because it was my sister's birthday, she received a strawberry mint sherbet on a wafer bowl. We each tried it and it tasted great! It's a perfect light dessert the end a perfect evening.I went to Dickie Brennan's together with a colleague last week. 
We were in town for a conference and wanted to have a good meal after a long day at the conference. The concierge at the hotel recommended this place and he was right in directing us here.
It was very good, from the crab appetizer New Orleans style to the very tasty steaks we both had for entrees.
To finish things off we had very good, chickory infused coffee.
Overall very good food, fabulous service - but a little pricey.We were in NOLA at the end of Mardi Gras; ate at Brennan's on Wed. 3/6.  I've been to several really good restaurants in New York, including Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill and I can honestly say, Brennan's measures up to Mesa Grill.  The service was impeccable and the food delightful!  I had the scallops and risotto.  My son had steak (honestly, not sure which one)  and onion rings.  I also had the seafood gumbo for appetizer and though it was not my favorite gumbo, I asked to get it w/o oysters and though it was not offered that way, they made sure to take out all of the oysters based on my preference!!!  This was very much appreciated and above and beyond what I expected!  The chocolate mousse is divine, but the coconut cake is simply sinful :)  Really great experience - thank you Brennan's for a wonderful first experience
 in NOLA!!!!Price does not match their performance or quality!
I could elaborate more, but for $50 a plate I would expect better performance and portion sizes.
1 - Sat by the windows in the bar area, there was a cold blast of air coming from somewhere the whole time.
2 - The bread they provide is very good and tasty, but the crust is incredibly friable and they did not provide a sharp knife - so tearing it apart made an incredible mess.
3 - They have no imported beers.  I'm not a big drinker, but Bud and Coors have no appeal to me.
4 - They were out of root beer.
5 - They forgot the onions on my salad (the only thing I ordered).
6 - Service was slow - and we were 30 minutes ahead of the rush.
7 - Even though 4 different people were waiting on us, it took almost 10 minutes to get a second round of bread.
8 - Portions were very small - steak cuts were 6 or 8 ounces.  After we left we walked around the corner to the burger place so my sons could get more food.
9 - Constant "attention" to filling our water glasses and shuffling around plates was difficult due to our seating arrangement and became quite intrusive.
10 - There is NO hot water in the sinks in the men's room.  I don't mean it is off, or there was a problem, The hot water is not even supplied to the sink (I was going to turn it on).
I am no stranger to 5-star restaurants, I travel extensively all over the US and Europe.  I have had better service, portions, and facilities at any of the other places.
We regularly get better quality, portions, service, and facilities (hot water) at our local diner.
Sorry to sound like a snob, but my user experience does not square with their charges - which I have gladly paid many times at establishments worthy of the charge.The environment was high class. The food was good and the hospitality put the experience over the top.We ate here at 8 on a Friday night. We had a reservation which is a must. We were seated fairly quickly after arriving. The wait staff was uninterested in us. The food was cold. The drinks slow to arrive. The only bright spot was the desert. The chocolate cake was awesome. I had lobster. It was cold and water was running off plate. Butter was not served warm. The prime rib was also cold and had little flavor. Save your money with so much great food and service in this town.Based on the majority of reviews, we had high expectations of a lovely dining experience at Dickie Brennan's. It was our last night in New Orleans and my husband and I always pick a restaurant that we think will give us a great memory of our vacation. Unfortunately, Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse provided us with the exact opposite. I will say that the food is very good (not outstanding) but the dining room is very open, loud, filled with kitchen noise, crowded and reminded us of a dining hall.
The experience started with my having to return my cocktail which was nothing like I ordered. It wasn't so much that the classic cocktail was wrong, it was how the server Rebekkah responded to my asking for it to be re-made properly. She acted annoyed, never apologized for the error and never asked if the second one was OK. My husband referred to her throughout the meal as "the face of gloom".  However,none of the staff looked happy to be there and with the exception of the gentleman who greeted us upon arriving, no one spoke to us, asked if our meal was OK or if we needed anything during the meal. Upon being seated, Rebekkah did tell us the specials and in a few minutes asked if we were ready to order. That was the final visit except to drop off my re-made drink as she walked by the table without stopping longer than it took to put the drink down without saying anything. Someone else dropped off our food without a smile either.
At our last restaurant in a city, we usually like to linger over coffee, after dinner drinks and dessert. Our disappointment with the service and atmosphere precipitated us leaving and went elsewhere to enjoy the end of our dining experience. We are reasonable people who rarely, if ever write reviews but we felt that reviews don't always represent alternate views of an establishment. We probably would not have chosen this restaurant if we had seen some more realistic reviews. 
There are too many excellent restaurants in New Orleans where the dining experience is terrific and customers are appreciated. We feel Dickie Brennan's steakhouse management may have lost touch with this  important detail.All I can say was this place was fantastic. We have been to a number of high-end steak restaurants throughout the country, and this place ranks with any of them. The staff was absolutely fantastic and we couldn't have asked for anything more. The food we exceptional.  We would highly recommend this place to anyone in New Orleans who's looking for a higher end steak dinner.One of the most memorable meals I had in New Orleans (its all sort of a blur)  Delicious, great service, and the ubiquitous tvs with sports on, even though it is a classy joint.  HUGE portions...if only I could have eaten more....I have to say that I have not been this disappointed this much by a restaurant in a long time.  While we were seated quickly, the service for the remainder of the evening was absolutely terrible.  
We had a 20 minute wait just to order drinks
another 20+ minute wait from between the time our menus were "dropped off" at our table and between the time someone took our order
We had to flag a waiter down for drinks
There was no explanation of the menu, specials, etc.
In general, we felt like we were an afterthought to the wait staff.  I looked on in envy as the tables around us received good service - full explanation of the menu, waiters that stopped by frequently to check on the food, frequent drink refills, etc. 
The food was good.  The prime rib was great, the turtle soup fantastic, but the fois gras ... don't even bother ordering it.  $18 for a TINY piece.  It's funny that the ONE answer that I got from the waiter was on the fois gras and he recommended it ..
Granted, the place was busy, but other tables around us got more attention and at least a decent level of service.  Quite frankly, we skipped desert because we couldn't wait to get out of there.  We felt uncomfortable, to say the least. 
As a side note, it was also my girlfriend's birthday.  Not a word from the staff about it, even though I had noted it in the reservation AND told the hostess when we were seated. From a higher-end place like this, I would expect something.  But ... nothing.  
In a town with a lot of great food and a lot of great choices, many times service is the deciding factor.  I don't think we will return here any time soon.Flew from Los Angeles just to eat here again. This is the best steak I have ever had. We had the same waiter we had a year ago and he was just as amazing with his service as the last time. Can't wait to come back next year!This review is for DINNER - and although this is a steakhouse my review isn't on steak, but on their mashed sweet potatoes, escargot, and red fish instead..  Sorry meat heads!
The red fish dinner portion is huge! It sits on top of chopped potatoes and sauteed spinach is on top of the fish, yum yum!  The fish was cooked perfectly.
The escargot is the best I've ever had!  All the small pieces of snail are already pulled out and put into a bowl with Its not the typical 'super chewy butter drenched in garlic' kind, but it was soft.  So soft it honestly could've passed for something other than snails, but they were definitely snails! 
Sorry I can't speak for the prime rib or any other kind of meat, but my coworkers didn't seem too thrilled about it!
Let's not forget, the atmosphere here is really nice.  It has more of that upscale feel.  The ladies greet you as you check in for your reservation, if you have a coat they can check it in for you, and when you leave they help put it on you as well (i haven't gotten service like that in a LONG time).  The servers done scrape the food off your seating area or anything, but they do things like: bring another full glass of water although your current glass could already be full - just so its cold and fresh.  If I'm ever back in town, I'll be back for the escargot!My husband and I had reservations here for over a week to celebrate my bday. we were seated next to a table of four which were very loud and cursing badly. I am no prude, but their  behavior wad very inappropriate. We asked to be seated somewhere else, but we were  told there was no where else to seat us since my husband was wearing shorts. It was 90 degrees in NOLA today and he had on a nice long sleeve, designer shirt, and dress shorts and I had on a nice dress and heels ( the people cursing had on shorts and sports jerseys). Absolutely ridiculous. Do not waste your time. There are too many nice places in NOLA.My favorite place to eat in New Orleans. Great atmosphere, very attentive waitstaff. Every steak is spot on, exactly as requested. 
When you consider the quality and overall experience, probably the best high end dinning value in the city. 
Very convenient location also, right in the heart of the French Quarter.
Have eaten at many of the top steakhouses in the country and this place is as good as any of them.This is another of the times that I wish Yelp had a 1/2 star option. While Dickie Brennan's isn't quite a 5-star establishment, the 4-stars seems a bit weak.  I am going to be generous and give it a 5.
The restaurant itself does manage to take all of the elements of a top-tier steakhouse and just the right amount of classic NOLA to give a truly memorable dining experience. 
The food - I started with a cup of the turtle soup. A faithful rendition of the creole classic - a thick, roux based, well seasoned soup full of finely chopped turtle meat and garnished with sherry - was very good if not exceptional. 
Mains: My dining companion selected the Barbecued Rib-eye cooked medium. It consisted of an excellent 14 oz cut of beef topped with the house barbecued shrimp and paired with garlic mashed potatoes. The barbecued shrimp were quite good (not the best that I have ever had - that honor belongs to Emeril) and the steak was very flavorful and not overly fatty (a common issue for me with rib cuts) with a perfect texture. The magic here is the combination of flavors - the barbecued shrimp sauce added added another dimension to the beef flavor that was slightly sweet, a little spicy, and very rich. All in all an excellent dish. 
I selected the House Fillet - a truly amazing dish. It's basically a layered dish - a base of creamed spinach is surrounded by an excellent potato hash and topped with a perfectly cooked 8 oz fillet (medium rare just as ordered) . The whole thing is topped off with a perfect Bearnaise sauce garnished with fried oysters. The steak itself was a great prime fillet and while maybe not the best I have ever had was certainly very, very good. The fried oysters on the other hand probably are the best I have ever had (they are also available as an appetizer). However the amazing thing here is the way all of the individual elements interacted to create an almost mind blowing good dish. The sum is defiantly superior to the individual parts. All in all it's really one of the best dishes that I have ever eaten. 
Dessert - we split the chocolate praline mousse. Good but not exceptional (maybe we were just too full by that point - this is very rich food we are talking about here). The coffee however was excellent! 
Wines: A very good list! A nice mix of reasonable ($50 price range) along with quite a few very high end (several hundred dollar) bottles. I found an excellent Cab in the reasonable range that went perfectly with the heavy food. 
Service: slight downfall here. Upon entering the restaurant and checking in it took the host several minutes to locate our reservation. Not a huge issue but one that should be addressed. Service itself was friendly and professional but maybe a little slow. 
Comment: you are going to lay a few bucks on the table here but it's no more expensive than any other high end steakhouse. Also, dress up a little. You don't necessarily need your jacket but please don't wear jeans.  Impress your date!
Bottom line: if you want a big beef dinner and are willing to pay for it this is your place! maybe not quite 5 stars but pretty dang close!Had the oysters for starters followed by the 24oz prime rib for dinner. Both prepared to perfection.The food here was just ok. The staff was another issue. Within 5 minutes of being there, 5 different servers approached us but when an issue came up with our meals, no one was to be found. Ashley, a server assistant, was the only one who seemed to notice or care. When we spoke to the manager about our concerns, he thanked us for the feedback and walked away. He never actually apologized. A similar thing happened at the table next to us. As a gesture, they comp'd the meal that was sent back and sent over a dessert that neither of us were even able to eat because of dietary issues. Perhaps they could have asked us what they could have done for us instead of assuming. There was a complete breakdown of lack of proper customer service here. The essential steps of service weren't followed or even known. It was 5-star prices, 3-star food and 1-star service.We just celebrated 3 birthdays at this restaurant. The food and service were outstanding and we felt so special! That should not be a surprise to us, because each and every time we've dined here we've had the same wonderful  experience. So get yourself  a little dressed up and go experience this fine dining establishment.One of the best stakes I have ever had. 
A traditional statehouse atmosphere with a wonderful staff. Truly make the dinning experience. 
If your not on a budget, definitely worth a try.I love a good steak house and Dickie Brennan's did not disappoint.  The arugula salad was excellent- a little heavy on the dressing, but I tend to like light dressing, so it wasn't a big deal.  My petite filet was perfectly prepared medium-rare, and I savored every bite.  The loaded grits were excellent, completely melted in my mouth.  And the bananas fosters cheesecake, nom nom.  I mean, this was my highlight dessert of the trip, it really blew away my expectations.  I wanted to finish it, but I completely stuffed myself.
Excellent service, very classic traditional steakhouse experience.  I really loved my evening and meal.  If you love a good steakhouse, you must put Dickie Brennan's on your list of places to dine while in NOLA.Dickie Brennan's...a review that I have been putting off, because how do you describe one of the best dining experiences of your life?
This place is class from beginning to end. We started with some wine in the front bar while we waited for our reservation to become available. The vibe here is very old school 50's with the bartender attending to everyone's needs without hesitation and people enjoying their happy hour cocktails and good conversation throughout the bar.
We moved on to the dining room, which is set in the "basement" part of the building. We were seated, given menus and our drink orders were taken. We started with a crab cake that came with creamed corn on the side. The crab cake was basically just crab and it was delicious- tender and tasty. The creamed corn was a perfect compliment to this dish.
Next we had a tomato and bleu cheese salad- fresh tomato and lettuce topped with crumbles of bleu cheese and a crustini of bread. I am a huge bleu cheese fan and this was a great start to my amazing experience here. 
My medium-rare filet came out perfectly cooked. The meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor and every bite melted in my mouth. As sides, we split potatoes au gratin and creamed spinach. Both were prepared perfectly- the potatoes had a nice crust on top and the spinach was creamy and rich with an almost buttery flavor. The steak and sides combined together exquisitely. Last but not least, we had a soft shell crab because we just *had* to try it. The crab was fried to perfection leaving just enough "crunch" to make it enjoyable.
The Maitre D checked on us regularly throughout the meal to make sure that we were enjoying everything. He made small talk with us and he explained how Dickie's had to be completely renovated after Hurricane Katrina.
If you are a steak lover, Dickie Brennan's is a "must". This is one of the best meals I have probably ever had in New Orleans, and I have had a lot! Everything from beginning to end was an experience I will never forget and I will not only return, but I will be suggesting this place to my friends- local and tourist alike.Fish of the day was swordfish... mine was a little overcooked. My friend ordered the house filet which comes topped with fried oysters and creamed spinach... wonderful and cooked to perfection. I feel silly for ordering seafood at a restaurant known so well for it's steaks, I look forward to returning and NOT making the same mistake twice. Staff is very personable and accommodating... I will definitely be back.From start to finish, service and food were impeccable! Could not ask for a better experience. Highly reccomend! Had the turtle soup, escargot, and chef's special filet. Delicious!!! Our daughter had the duck which was also outstanding. A can't miss if you are in the French Quarter.The way food should be prepared , presented and eaten. Always a sure bet. Always excellent food and service. MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhFood and service exceeded my expectations! What a great place. It's a must if you are seeking a nice place with reasonable prices. Way cheaper that Mortons and they serve a better product! EnjoyDickie Brennan's was one of 3 recommended places to try while in NOLA for a business conference for several days.  I decided to try them after a long day of work, walked in and sat at the bar for dinner.  I engaged the bartender who was a little sassy, in a good way, you know... playing it up with a smile... made me relax a bit.  I was a bit dehydrated after work and he gave me water with no attitude and assured me that all the water I wanted was 'free'.  Perfect... I didn't get pressured at all to buy a drink.  I knew nothing about the menu, the history of the Brennan's or the restaurant.  I was having seafood all week so I was craving something different, a steak.
The House Filet stood out as a featured item, I asked him how it was, he said if you like steak you won't be disappointed.  ow, I can't recall what he said, but he told me about how they are fanatical about their steaks, the aging process, the cut, who they get it from, and it appeared that they have an idea about the quality, so that intrigued me... I ordered.
The steak was served very fast, at a perfect temperature, cooked perfectly medium rare with a nice sear.  This filet, with creamed spinach, Bearnaise, some fried oysters, and potatoes was a little intimidating.  As soon as I took my first bite, I was thoroughly enjoying the meal.  I quickly changed my expectations from being a food critic to seriously just enjoying it for what it was.  I didn't need to over analyze it, it was just plain good, in fact great!  The flavors worked.  Personally, the only thing that I didn't care about were the fried oysters, not that they tasted bad, they didn't, but it just didn't seem to be necessary.  The spinach, potatoes, the filet, all stayed perfectly delicious until the last fork-full.  I cleaned the plate.  Pairing it with an unpretentious $8 glass of Napa Valley Cabernet... I was very happy.  The bartender, Don, made me feel welcome and told me some good stories.  As he should, as a bartender in NOLA.
I had a great experience.  The bar was clean, uncluttered, and had elbow room... Bartender Don was attentive, and approachable.  I'm giving it four stars and recommend that you should expect things to be different. They do things their way   and presented the food their way.  I enjoyed the experience at the bar. The meal was extremely satisfying and worth the asking price.This restaurant has the best service that I have ever received in my travels.   The glasses of water or libations stay full, like magic.  Stay here too long and you wish you could take this kind of service with you. 
The food is splendid.  I got the house filet and we ordered scallop potatoes, spinach and corn for the table.  
Not one person at the table was talking because the food was just that good! 
Big shout out to Trent who had a table of about 10 people and provided the best wait service I've had in a very long time.Excellent food, excellent service.  Didn't give it the 5th star only because it wasn't quite as good as Commander's Palace.  Probably 4.5 stars would be more accurate.  I had the 16 oz prime rib - superb but I should have gone with the 12 oz since the 16 oz is unbelievably huge.  I started with the wedge salad with blue cheese dressing which was delicious.  I also had the asparagus with hollandaise sauce with my prime rib but I didn't eat even 25% of it because the prime rib was so good and so large.  My wife had the garlic crusted redfish and started with the chopped salad.  She loved the fish but rated the salad as just ok.  Definitely recommend.My favorite steak in New Orleans! I always order the house fillet. Wonderful!Arrived and was seated and we were given some water and then didn't see anyone at our table for 15 minutes then someone showed up and took our appetizer order and never asked if we wanted something other than water. Gumbo was placed by yet another person and then they walked away leaving me without a spoon later yet another person showed up never introduced themselves took our order and that was the last we saw of her. Our food was budget steakhouse quality at best arriving luke warm and delivered by a fourth person. The one consistent person in the entire experience was the girl who was always watching and filling our water glass. $114 tab I left nothing for whichever of the four people who did all but ignore us. I walked up and handed the young lady who was keeping my water glass full the $30 tip I would have left. Avoid at all costsWonderful atmosphere, tremendous staff and very nice selection of adult drinks with a view!  This is a very nice laid back restaurant to escape bourbon street for a great dinner. Little pricey but worth the cost. They really take the time and put out the effort at every level here!  If your looking for upscale but not a slacks and a jacket required level this is the place to go.A friend of mine was in town for a conference and since we work in the same industry, I got invited to a dinner here to be a" perspective client". Sweet deal, free food and drinks for me.  
In my opinion steakhouses are the worst value in dining.  Somehow they have gotten away with the concept of a side dish for free.  It seems like all steakhouses have colluded and conspired to make side items a la cart.  This has always been a pet peeve of mine when dining.  Dickie Brennan's is no different in that regard and yet in a way they are.  You can order a "specialty entrée" which has a couple different steaks that come a certain way with a side.  
I ordered the 14oz ribeye and the table ordered a few sides to split.  All sides are 8.50 and waaaay too small. I've been to other steakhouses (Morton's and Ruth's Chris come to mind) where the sides serve 2-3.  We got 6 spears of asparagus and a cute little cast iron skillet of potatoes au gratin.  Don't get me wrong the food was delicious.  I can't recall ever having a better tasting ribeye and the asparagus was chargrilled giving it a smoky flavor I liked.  The au gratin potatoes too were perfect.  Just too small to split really. 
The food is great, the wine list is huuuuuuuge, the bar is nice and drinks are made well. The service is spot on, couldn't be better.  The problems are the a fore mentioned typical steakhouse a la carte sides, and also the location.  Being a block off of Bourbon St brings in riff raff.  This place is a fine dining establishment but  I saw a group with their asses hanging out and ball caps on, and a girl who had on something that look like the guy just rented her from The Hustler club around the corner.  Look I like to wear my ball cap and who doesn't like strippers but in a place like this it cheapens the experience.  I guess that's the price to pay for being located here.Food was amazing and we had a reservation but ended up so hungry we sat at the bar. The service was great, people polite and personable and willing to get the food right on the first pass being so busy down here. I have to say for a last minute decision it was the right choice all around.My goodness! Our filet was so delicious. Corn brulee and the augratin potatoes were to die for!! Highky recommend!!Service was excellent, friendly & efficient. Steak and full plated meal was superb, excellent! Cream spinach and Au gratin potatoes were to die for!  Definitely a 5 Star experience! Five layer chocolate cake was absolutely the best I've ever had! Thank you everyone at Dickey Brennan's Steak House for the BEST meal & experience ever! You are the absolute best!Very good steakhouse. Cool atmosphere and great service. Not life changing but I will go back for sure.As a New Yorker I understand the tradeoff that is often made between great food and excellent service- here at DB you get neither.  In fact the the DB acronym is entirely appropriate as all of the servers were complete douche bags and the food, well the doesn't rival the worst f-ing steak house on the side of the side of a highway in Iowa. (No offense Iowa). 
In sum, don't go here. Wow, there are 100 better steak houses in the area and as far as the service- stick a rusty nail in your eye and I promise the subsequent feeling has let nothing out from the experience in this s#*! Hole. 
To call this a top rates steak house is an abomination only god him self can right.Great steakhouse, but not my # 1 favorite in the French Quarter. Definitely still worth a visit though. The house special filet with fried oysters, spinach and bernaise is to die for. Prepared perfectly!  Bar service was fantastic. Very efficient, informative and gave samples to make sure we got the wine we liked best. Wife says the chocolate cake is the best ever.  The service this time was a little lackluster and slow.  Also, on the sign on the entrance says "Appropriate attire required" yet, the bar scene was....well, too casual. An older guy in the bar with a tank top on.  And in the dining room, a teenager with a visor on backwards, long sleeve t-shirt and shorts with flip flops. Not the best for ambience of a fancy restaurant.Incredible service and LSU alum manager.  The food was exquisite as well (filet mignon and even if you do not want steak the gulf fish(red fish) was really good.  Highly recommend!Let me start by saying I've lived in New Orleans for 5 years and have seen the inside of just about every  restaurant there is. I've been to dickie Brennan's a handful of times and never in any restaurant have I ever sent a meal back, much less refused to pay/finish. 
Tonight at DB's wasn't edible. We started with the heirloom tomato and Caesar salad. The tomatoes were greenhouse tomatoes and hard as a rock. The Romain lettuce was brown. The dressing tasted like off brand kraft. It was horrifying. 
The steaks we ordered (medium rare) came out ice cold. We told the waiter and he said the kitchen was afraid of overcook it and they'd "warm them up". They came back 90 seconds later grey and greasy like they'd just been put in a microwave. They had the consistency and look of that snow sludge that collects in grocery store parking lots days after a good hard snow. 
At this point we asked for a manager, complimented the waiters because they had done a nice job and then basically told him all of this. He said, basically, that he was sorry and they'd make us New food. 
We asked the waiter to bring us the bill for our drinks(which were great!), we paid and left. 
The experience was horrifying.This is a classic steakhouse in every sense. The food is superb, drinks are well made, the staff is helpful, funny, friendly and has plenty of hustle. The prices are better than I expected  too. A group of five of us all ate steaks, had a cocktail, split a couple desserts and it only came to 280 plus tip. I like a good crispy sear on the outside of my steak, and I've never been to a place that got the exterior this crispy and still kept the interior perfectly medium rare. If I had to complain, there's no view. It's mostly underground. But a good cocktail and a great steak is view enough for me.Pretty good steak, I'm happy. A bit cheaper than what you'd pay for a high end steak in Chicago. Service is mostly good, maybe a bit wobbly here and there. We had a really young server who mumbled a bit and was confused about garnish for our drinks. He'll get there. An acapella group was wandering around signing songs at various tables. This is either fun or horrifying depending on your state of mind. (And opinions varied even within our own group.)Between three of us we started dinner with the escargot appetizer which led to a mixed green salad with a light house dressing. Then onto the drum fish with root vegetable, which was nothing less than fantastic by the way. Fish was cooked to perfection and so flakey! The ribeye steak was also perfection on a plate with the addition of minced red bell peppers. It would melt in our mouth. Sides for the steak were baked potatoes.
Now if you think the food was mouth watering, the service was just as good. Met at the door and seated by the nicest young man, immediately given wine list which included by the bottle or glass. Opted no alcohol tonight but, Aja kept our water/tea glasses full along with anything else we might need. Wait staff slipped in and out so quick, you hardly knew they had been there.They have a valet style parking garage next door which they validate for you.  I've only been to Dickie Brennan's for the burgers.  The burgers are AWESOME.....my opinion BEST BURGER IN NOLA!!!!  This review is for the dinner burger....the lunch burger sucks!  The dinner burger is composed of the tips of the prime filets, ny strips & rib eyes all ground up!!!  It is the best burger you will have & i've had damn near all of them in this city.  They're about $15 & served with pomme frittes!  Try the Kunde Estate cab with it.....Very Tasty!I was sick the last night, so when all my friends went out, I rested and then headed here for a date night alone.  I sat at the bar, the bartender was classy and quick.  Amazing dirty martini!  The food was very good; had gumbo and mushroom fries. Both hit my cold perfectly.  I was sad I was too full for the manchego bread pudding though!  There was a doo wop group that was singing in the bar area, made for a really nice atmosphere.I can't say more than 5 stars all the way! DIVINE!  EXCELLENT!!  wonderful service, delicious food.  My steak was prepared perfectly, the sides were incredible!  The private room off the front of the entrance is definitely the way to dine!My bf surprised me with a bday dinner here. The food and service was excellent. It was cooked perfect for my taste.  Made my bday more loved and special. The 2 things I didn't like was the noise surrounding me. It was super loud for an elegant kinda restaurant. Also, the parking and location is far too inconvenient. It took me 30 minutes to cross Bourbon's traffic and wait for my car to valet park in the garage.  I wouldn't want to come back because it's inconvenien,t unless I have friends coming into town.We went here for my daughters birthday 4/20 while we were in town looking at colleges. Dinner was delicious they had balloons at the table for her. The food and service was fantasticThis is the best steak house I have ever been to. I came here to celebrate my birthday and the table was decorated with balloons, confetti, champagne glasses and a chef hat. The house filet served with creamed spinach and fried oysters was one of the best dishes I ever had. The steak cut with a butter knife and they oysters were light, big, and perfectly cooked. I can't wait to come back.Horrible experience. I used to really like this place. Food was ok but cold. Our waiter (Patrick) came to our table twice in an hour and a half. After 40 minutes, we didn't even get our drinks yet. Nobody asked about refills or whether we wanted more bread. Eventually, a different waiter took our order. When we finally got our food, it was cold and some side dishes were missing. We got those after we were done with dinner (We did manage to order refills from the water boy, who appears to be doing a much better job than the waiter). Nobody took our plates afterwards. As I am writing this, we have been waiting for 15 minutes yet nobody has taken our plates yet.Excellent meal.  We each had the bone in cowboy ribeye steak topped with blue cheese and baked potato as our sides. For the appetizer, the onion rings. The steak was cooked perfectly and the onion rings were delicious. They validate parking so we paid $2.00 for valet parking plus tip. Our bill was $150.00 plus tip. Although this is a bit pricey, we will return for special occasions.Had the filet which only comes a la Carte, no sides. Not bad but expensive. Had to order a side of mashed potatosDelicious!!!! The tomato blue cheese salad is literally to die for!!!! The crab cake was 100% Crab....no bread filling at all....the chocolate mouse cake was ok, but my husband's pecan pie was AMAZING!!!! My husband and our friends had the steak....perfectly cooked!! GREAT service!!!!Absolutely amazing! The only negative is that now I compare all filets to Dickie's, and they usually never compare. My husband and I enjoyed an anniversary dinner together here, although we had a reservation, we chose to sit in the bar area at a window seat. Noise level was fine, ambiance perfect, and food was spectacular. We enjoyed a filet mignon, creamed spinach, and mashed potatoes.I was so upset with my entire experience here. We originally had a reservation at Tableau, but got a call a few hours before saying that they overbooked and needed to move us to their sister restaurant, Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse. They promised a free appetizer, which didn't happen, and the food (including appetizers) arrived cold. The filet itself was good but the other sautéed vegetables were extremely salty. The staff was friendly in the beginning, but once they were done trying to push you to order as much food/drink items as possible, they were no where to be found. Our server was acting like a creepy wannabe gangster and the whole thing was extremely weird. I'm not sure how this place out-ranked other restaurants, but don't waste your time here.This was my first trip to Brennan's and will be my last. The best thing and I am struggling here to find the best thing was the service and for purposes of this review is kinda like being the tallest pigmy. The wedge salad is not a wedge it is a whole head of some genetic mutation of green leaf. It would have been OK if it didn't gave the unwashed lettuce taste at its core. I hate that. The most aggregious offense was cooking a medium rare requested stake medium well. Unlike other establishments that ask you to cut into your steak the staff drops and runs. I am sure this is a result of being chided in the past about the over done steak. We had mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables both of which were just adequate. A side note as I had my boss with me I didn't complain or mention to the waitstaff as it didn't seem appropriate. Bottom line for a $80 a person meal they should have done better without me drawing attention to their shortcomings. If you are going to pay this much for dinner do it elsewhere.Love love loved it !
Sat in what had to be the most perfect dinning room ... White linen, fireplace and big game on with the volume muted ! I had it all ! Wonderful Pinot, escargot, wedge, rib-eye and those wonderful mashed potatoes !
only bad thing was the saints lost ....This is s pre-review. Expectations are high as my husband and I will dine here tonight @ 6pm to honor our 25th nuptials. I'm giving a 5star rating as I expect the exceptional service Dickies is known to have. Check back tomorrow for the confirmation
Now for the Experience. Thank you Tyler, Reaux, Don and the kindly gentleman refreshing our water. The staff were professionally attentive. Apparently I had mentioned our special occasion when I booked the reservation as we were seated in a booth and the table was decorated with a red ribbon and a greeting card from the staff. I enjoyed the most delectable crab cake of my life. Steve's Caesar was prepared in an original way with long romaine leaf layered with shaved Parmesan, whole anchovy, which he appreciated and a drizzle of dressing. we both had the house specialty steak. cooked to perfection. a lot to eat. and flourless cake with really dark coffee. all delicious. thanks again Dickies for a memorable evening. now to walk it offWent there for the first time last night. What a great experience! The filet was cooked perfect, tender and juicy. The wait staff were out of this world. Thank you for a great experience.Nice old style place.  Don't sit by the kitchen you will feel the breeze.  
Fantastic onion rings.  My steak was very juicy and flavorful but tuff. 
Service was a 4 out of 5    Drinks too way too long.  
Side dish came out cold.Perfect for a Saturday night birthday celebration. Classic, low key ambience. Our friend pointed out that the dining room is in the lower portion of a parking structure. Great food, muted noise and lighting, and tasteful birthday table decoration. Ask for Darryl. He was attentive and helpful. Nice teamwork - a different person handled the drinks from the bar and others helped out at the table. I chose Angel's Envy from their extensive whiskey list. Had appetizers of scallops (3 large deliciously crispy yet juicy) and escargot with bone marrow (firm texture served in a bone, with leeks, fried mushroom on the side, with marrow "juice"). We all had the House Filet and asked for a yummy (and pricey) upgrade of lump crab topping. The manager, Aristede Collins, came by to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. If you are sensitive to salt, you may want to ask for low salt. This was perfect for my "keto" low carb high fat diet, lots of choices. We passed on dessert, but the staff brought out a nicely decorated plate with slice of multi-layered chocolate cake with a lit candle and chef's hat. Dark chocolate cake and frosting and light mousse between the layers. Very delicious, just right to taste. Highly recommend this restaurant!Delicious steaks and sides. Got the 6 oz. filet and it did not disappoint. Cooked perfectly. Try the Mac and cheese, it was outstanding. Although, the other potatoes were delicious too! Very busy place. Waiters stayed very busy.I'm not a steak eater, but my red fish dish with crab and potatoes was very nice. Not a fan of their bread pudding and I consider myself an expert when it comes to bread pudding.It's a steakhouse, yes; but this being Nu Awlunz there's plenty of wonderful seafood offerings as well. My sister and I split a huge seafood dinner of catfish, soft shell crab, shrimp fried and grilled, raw and baked oysters....and were so full we had to turn down dessert!! AND THIS WAS A DINNER FOR ONE PERSON! Bless our server, who advised us to "split" it--at no extra charge either. Too wonderful! Nice bar scene too but we didn't linger there as it was packed with a raucous wedding party (hey it's a wild city!!)Great service. We noticed the small things like your napkin being refolded when you returned from the bathroom. The food was outstanding.  Classic steakhouse fair with a few NOLA touches. All around great experience.Dickie Brennen's is a top-rated restaurant and rated as one of the best steak houses in New Orleans. It seemed a worthwhile endeavor in our quest to hit some of the area's top restaurants.
Jackets for guys not needed here. It wasn't overly busy when we went, but some were dressed on the more casual side. Not my preference in any case and I typically at least wear pants.
On par with most places in the area, wine list was extensive with a sommelier to help us out. We got situated with a Cab and a Malbec and moved on to our dinner.
We started off with escargot in bone marrow butter (mostly for him), and a Caesar salad (mostly for her). The escargot were excellent with a fitting presentation of being served with the halved bone. Next, we went on to Chateaubriand for two. The Chateaubriand was served in a cast iron skillet with potatoes, a fresh roasted red pepper, mushrooms, and asparagus; a great family-style home-cooked presentation for a couple! We finished with some chocolate mousse ice cream and too-sweet French toast bread pudding which were decent but unimpressive. This was one of those meals where you sigh when you're done, both from relief from stuffing yourself as well as from regret that it's over. 
While it's listed as fine dining, it's on the more casual side in terms of dress and atmosphere. Don't let that fool you, though, it's a great experience. Our trio of waiters were relaxed, conversational, attentive, and helpful. The wife and I sitting next to each other in a booth sharing the loaded cast iron skillet was simply a superb dinner.
Atmosphere; typical steak house: B+
Service; excellent: A
Food; Escargot and Chateaubriand served in a cast iron skillet: A 
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d426301-r503208257-Dickie_Brennan_s_Steakhouse-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Great restaurant in a city of great restaurants.  They happily sat us in the bar despite reservations downstairs.  Service was good.  Food was very good.  We came for the Bananas Foster, which was quite good, but they made it with bread pudding (?) and bananas instead of traditional vanilla ice cream.  It was still yummy, but not what we expected.  Nice restaurant for a date, but they also let my mother and I in with street clothes.We popped in for a quick lunch at the bar while visiting family in the quarter. Dickie Brennan's being a member of the Brennan's restaurant family had high expectations that, for the most part ,delivered on target.
I chose the set lunch menu that gives you a choice of wedge salad or turtle soup to start and then either a petite filet or shrimp carbonara as your main. The portions were very large and for $20 I thought it was a steal. The 4oz filet was perfectly cooked and a delicious cut of beef. Turtle soup to start was also well executed. My only food grumble was the side that came out with the filet was a "lobster mac and cheese, wilted spinach and marchands du vin" but what came on the plate was a dry tower of much with the overpowering flavor of blue cheese. Something just wasn't mixed correctly. Not the end of the world though, since it was just a small side in an otherwise fantastic meal. 
Service was friendly at the bar, but not near as prompt as we were expecting. We had to check with our waiters a few time for the status of our order as one of our table mates couldn't take longer than an hour to eat. 
All in all, Dickie Brennan's is another fantastic option in the Brennan's restaurant lineups in NOLA. I look forward to returning and giving the seated dining a  shot in the near future. In the meantime, I can give anyone the advice to seek out the bar area for a very good and filling pre fix lunch for a great price.The Bananas Foster Bread Pudding was "to die for" - sweet ambrosia!!  The rest of the food was pretty darn good, too.  We arrived with the guys wearing sport coats and the ladies in dresses, but we were a bit over-dressed (but not by much).  Oxford shirts and nice blouses and slacks would be perfect.  We ordered steaks and shrimp dishes, and one of our party of 4 remarked afterwards that it was the best dinner of her life.  Our "birthday boy" was definitely pleased with his rib-eye with jumbo prawns on top.  The only errors that brought our dinner down to a 4-star rating was due to inconsistent broiling of the filets.  Both were ordered "medium", however, one was almost "medium well" and the other was "medium rare".  Even so, we had a delightful dinner (especially the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding)!Definitely a great place to have dinner.  The service was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was nice.  The steak we ordered came out exactly as we ordered it, and it melted in our mouths.  Definitely a new favorite place.This was our big splurge in NOLA. We wanted a really nice steak restaurant to go to. We read the reviews and figured out was was close and chose Dickie Brennan's. 
Made reservations via Open Table. Got the time we wanted all good so far. Went in and was seated at a table in a side room. Still ok. Had 3 servers taking care of us. Nice. 
I ordered the House filet. I thought it has 4 things in it. Filet, creamed spinach, oysters, potatoes. Filet was good. Slightly over cooked but good and tender. Rest of the dinner. I could have done without. Spinach, and potatoes, and oysters had no flavor. 
My Mom got the prime rib. She loved it. Fresh horseradish and the scalloped potatoes. She was happy with everything. And the portion though the smaller portion was generous. 
Our other companion got the filet, sweet potato, and grilled veggies. All 3 of her dishes were delish as well. She was happy. And the sweet potato was amazing with pecans and butter.
We spilt the chocolate mousse. And it was also good. We also had wine. And they let us try it before we chose. That was nice.
All in all it was a very good meal. Service was good. And ambiance was expected. Price point is expensive. You expect to pay and you do.This is one of my hubby's favorite steakhouses. Last time we were in New Orleans we ate here twice. Huge portions.Horrendous service. Seriously bad. Food is mediocre and grossly overpriced. Steak is lacking in seasoning and was overcooked. Wine list is poor.  There are so many better options in NOLA, just avoid this place.First time visiting, and last as well. We had a party of 13 and dined on Saturday night. We made a reservation and they did take us right away to a private room in the back. It was actually very nice.... until the dinning experience started. 2 water/wine glasses had lipstick stains, 1 water glass spilled on the table/person by the water, 3 steaks were cooked WAY off the mark of what was ordered, wine was served incorrectly, and everyone left unsatisfied. Our meal personally was the cowboy ribeye with two sides. My husband and I split. We ordered medium and got rare to medium rare. It is just a disappointment to spend $100 on a meal and leave feeling less than satisfied. Not to mention "sit-to-leave" time was THREE hours. Every step of the meal, including paying, took forever. Won't returnWe were able to sneak in without a reservation for lunch on Final Four Saturday. The food was very good - I had the McIlhenny salad (mostly for the fried oysters) and it was excellent. I also got to have some of the blackened prime rib, which was similarly very good. There was a small selection of beers and what looked like a nice choice of liquor. The staff was friendly and fairly responsive to our requests. Overall, a good option for lunch if you're not in a rush.Alway a great meal at Dickie's. The turtle soup and French bread is spectacular. If show up early you can get seated quickly.The steak is incredible! Just as good as Morton's and Ruth's Chris, but more creative and with a New Orleans spin on all of the dishes. The creole butter on top of the steaks is liquid gold.I came here for our Annual Christmas Girls dinner.  We had reservations Saturday for 7:45pm.  We got seated fairly quickly.  We started with a bottle of rose and a couple of drinks.  The drinks took forever to come out.  It seemed very unorganized.  We order 2 of the BBQ shrimp and grit appetizers.  They were spicy and good.  I ordered the 6 oz filet medium and truffle mac and cheese.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  The mac and cheese needed serious amounts of salt.  My friend ordered the scallops they seemed a little under cooked and overly salted.  The ran out of bread pudding and creme brulee on a Saturday night.  Also, not all the meals came out at the same time.  Our waiter really was awful.  For A Brennan restaurant this was very disappointing!Mixed reviews from my perspective. Initial thoughts were solid apps and cocktails to start. Long wait on the salads and soups for the table in between. Soup ended up being cold when it hit the table. At this point during the meal we were sucking on Ice and ended up having to flag down our Waitress to get us another cocktail. On a positive note the pours were heavy. Another long wait for the main coarse which everyone had steak cuts. The meat itself was alright but nothing to write home to Mom about... All in all I rate this as a Middle of the pack Steak House for Service and Food...I pretty much liked everything at Dickies. I had the BBQ shrimp poboy and being from Lafayette Louisiana I know poboys. This one didn't disappoint!  $16 is a little high for it, but like I said the poboy was good!  They have good selection of alcoholic drinks but they could expand on their selections of rums. They didn't have the coconut flavored rum I wanted.   Did they have EVERYTHING I wanted, No but would I go back, YES!Good food, great service. great wine list,
Lobster tail and petit Fillet Mignon was great cooked to perfection 
Worth the trip.Great dinning experience. The whole staff was amazing and our waiter Brett took extra great care of us. From cocktails to desert our time and money was well spent.
My husband and myself had the Chateau for two and it was excellent. Probably one of the best steaks I have every had. Don't for get the chocolate mousse for desert!!!Great tasting food. Perfect service very classy wonderful dining experience. Classic New Orleans experience.Great food, the staff right there.  Nice atmosphere. Dessert was the best. Made my son's birthday one he will remember always.  Their banana bread bread pudding was to die for.  We still talk about our dinner there. Would make a point to go back anytime I was in NO.Since this is the only steakhouse I tried in New Orleans, I am unable to say it is the best or the worst. What I can say is that the Cowboy Rib-Eye doesn't measure up to The Palm. The steaks are good, the service is painfully slow, their side dish of creamed spinach was very tasty, skip the house fries, you would be better with the frozen supermarket variety. The triple chocolate cake was just average. Although the decor was upscale, no one dresses in the FQ, so anything other than jeans, and you will feel overdressed.I ended up here only knowing to try the turtle soup with extra sherry.  Wow, it w as great.  We have nice steak houses at home and I didn't really feel the steaks were anything special (they weren't bad either) but the service was great and I enjoyed the King Cake.  Stop in if your in town.This place is really nice. I sat at the bar and got some restaurant stories from the bartenders. Great guys- really very top notch. I had a petite filet, creamed corn and wedge salad. The steak was cooked perfectly, the wedge was good and the creamed corn was outstanding. The price was a bit high. One glass of wine and an Irish coffee + the above and it was $97.My last visit here, about 2 years ago, was wonderful. This time, the atmosphere was more like Bourbon St than a fine restaurant. There was a group of singers, hired or at least allowed by the management singing & clapping loudly - more fitting at Chevy's. It was hard to hold a conversation with them around. 
The food was mediocre at best, although at a premium price. I made the mistake of trying one of their "signature cocktails" the Dempsy, which was also a disappointment. 
There are many better choices in NOLA.Amazing experience.  Everything we ordered was delicious and the service phenomenal. Went in on a busy Friday night and couldn't have enjoyed it more.  Pricing typical of other similar steakhouses yet definitely a special experience, will go back when visiting NO again!The food was excellent. I had the House filet. It was cooked as requested served with creamed spinach,  tasks potatoes and flash fried oysters. It is pricey though.Finally got to try this famous steakhouse out during restaurant week here in Nola and it did not disappoint. I started of with fried oysters in a Tabasco sauce, they were cooked perfectly. For the main course I had to go with the steak. It was one of the best I've eaten. Last but certainly not least was the bananas foster cheesecake. One word WOW.Impeccable service! Sublime steaks!  I love New Orleans, and Dickie Brennan's is one place I will definitely return to!This place was one of the best that I visited in NOLA.  I started with a craft lavender infused cocktail with a sprig of rosemary.  You get served bread with three different kinds of butter as well as olive oil with tomatoes.  I got a few appetizers for dinner.  The steak tartare was delicious!  It was delicate and perfect.  The sweet breads were very tender and tasty.  I also got the heirloom tomato salad done six ways.  Every item is explained in great detail when it is delivered.  I sat at the bar and the bar staff were amazing as well.  They were knowledgeable and attentive.  I will definitely be back for one of their steaks next time I'm in town!The staff cherrfully accomodated my group, which included an infant, without reservations.  The food was delicious!My wife and I had dinner here on  Nov 1st, We loved the meal,The staff was very friendly and attentive, We both had Rib eye and it was to die for, This is by far the best steak house we have ever been to,  Thank you Dickie Brennan's for making us love steak again.No surprise Dickie Brennan's was old school first class.  I had a business dinner with eight people at my table and service was great.  I had the lobster which was very good.  We had many side dishes that were fabulous including mushrooms, mac and cheese and several other choices... nothing was a miss.  They have a fabulous wine selection.  Desserts were amazing.  I personally loved the bread pudding but we had at least or four off their menu and all were great.  In addition, an incredible singing trio came by the tables and just belted out some beautiful old school music which brightened up that older warm restaurant feel you can find at many classic steakhouses.  I personally would go back.  The only thing I think it lacks is options for people who aren't big steak or seafood eaters but frankly that is what they are known for so I get it.  But, having a great vegetarian dish or pasta dish as an option for those picky eaters would be the only thing I'd love to see.  I always worry as a host of a dinner that everyone will be happy.  My vegetarian eater was a hug sport about it but really had salads and sides only to choose from.  Still an A+ in my book!We were a group of 6 meeting-up from various states to spend a weekend in NoLa. With reservations we were seated quickly and the service was fantastic from that point forward. As Nola newbies everything that we had never had before interested us, and this place delivered on food and drinks in a way that made us sad to have been done with dinner. We had oysters, shrimp, fish, various steaks, au gratin potatoes, delicious sauces. We stopped eating only because we had no choice. When I get back to neighborhood this will be on the top of my restaurant list.Awesome food.  Steak was perfect, drinks were good.  Not cheap, but one of the best steaks I've had in a long timeExperience was less than any other steakhouse.  Service was excellent up to the point of our food being served.  My husband was served his food and I received the wrong order.  Rather than taking back my husbands food back as well they took back mine and allowed his to get cold.  So 15 minutes later I still don't have my steak.  I requested a manager to talk to and that whole experience was as disappointing.  No apology. Just a dumb look in his face with no attempt to rectify our displeasure. Needless to say we won't be back.You walk into Dickie Brennan's and you notice the small tiles on the floor and the faint bustling of a crowd you cannot see. To your left is a wells stocked and managed bar area with plenty of tables. They have a decent food menu at the bar (try the sliders and the $5 after 5 menu) as well as an excellent section of scotch, bourbon, and wine. Back in the in main entrance area, you'll see a large wall humidor and the host's stand. When being seated (make reservations) you'll be taken down a few steps into a beautiful dinning room. The waitstaff is attentive and you'll be assigned a small staff of at least 3 people to attend to you (as it should be in a formal dinning establishment). The food is fantastic. The steaks are tender and large and their homemade sauces are nice compliments (try the pepper-cream bourbon). Escargot was also enjoyable. I recommend allotting 2-3 hours to truly enjoy the experience, atmosphere, and food here. It is a top-notch overall dining experience.Service was impeccable, no question. We were very tired of fried food, so Dickie Brennan's was a welcome change.  The food was quite good, but I wouldn't say it was fantastic.  Steak was very salty.This has to be the best steakhouse. The service was excellent. We were unsure of what to get and our Server Jeremy was helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. The chef came out and greeted us as well as made suggestions. Be sure to stay and have dessert as the layered sweet potato cake is amazing. I can't wait for my next trip to New Orleans as this will be my first stop.Visited this Steakhouse on my last trip to New Orleans with a group of seven... The atmosphere was welcoming and the staff was very accommodating. We mostly had a main course of Steak with the traditional sides. The main courses were done well accept for two steaks which were practically raw. One went back while one dealt with it. The sides and dessert however were all delicious. Not a cheap dinner but probably worth a another try.Best steak I have ever tasted!  This is my third of the top 10 (EB Greens in Buffalo and Charlie's in Orlando) rated steakhouses.  My wife walked in with a glass of wine from our hotel room and they politely put it in a glass for her.  I had the ribeye and filet while working in NOLA.  Both of them highly recomended!Finding a quality steakhouse on a Sat night in NOLA is near impossible. We went to the bar however and were quickly seated by the friendly staff. The food was outstanding, the atmosphere was great and the bartenders were top notch. If you are ever in a pinch, this is your go to place.The steaks are well made and very comparable to New York.. The service was the worst I have seen at a high end steakhouse in a long time.. Sides came out 10 minutes before steaks and a bottle of wine took 10 minutes after that. Unacceptable for any steakhouse.. I will not come back for that reason alone.Incredible food. Excellent service. Big shout out to Chris and Kari. Made our night. The house filet is fantastic - perfectly done and very tastey. Ask the staff to surprise you with the dessert choice.Solid 4 Stars
Classic NoLa Steakhouse, with waiters in white coats, good service and good food. All with a hefty pricetag. But you get what you pay for, huh?
Because we knew we'd be eating a lot, we skipped appetizers and went right for the entree's. We got a prime rib and veal chop. Well, the prime rib was very tender and tasty. The veal chop was also tasty, but there was a LOT of fat on it and about half was uneatable! What was eatable was very good, but for $40+ it should have been ALL eatable, no?
The STAR of the meal was the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding! It definitely had a caramel sauce on the side which was TO DIE FOR!
With a good bottle of wine, 2 mains a couple of sides and dessert this was a $150+ meal. Worth it for sure, but just know that it isn't cheap.
Recommended!This place deserves every star. Can't think of a reason to give them any less. We were seated promptly by a very friendly hostess. Our serving team was attentive, fun and knowledgeable. Steaks were the best food we had in a long time. Dickie gives Besh, Gibson's and the like, a run for the money. One thing Dickie Brennan's has that Besh and Gibson's do not- Heart of the Quarter! Great bar off of the entry looked packed and fun!The first time I ate here it was a weeknight and pretty empty. The service and food were phenomenal. So, I booked a private room for my parents anniversary. It was a disaster from beginning to end. We ended up being there 4 hours, not by choice. It was almost an hour and a half before our appetizers were served. Water and drinks were not filled timely. Very long periods of time between courses. And took nearly an hour to get the bill. So, so disappointed. The highlight was three singers who came and sang to my parents. Out of our party of 17, five people had to send their meals back because their order wasn't correct. Just no excuse for that.This review is a little overdue as it was a while back. We were visiting New Orleans with another family and heard good things about this place. The food was really good and we were impressed with the steaks. However, Jerry Jones (Dallas Cowboys owner) came in and sat at the table next to us. After that all of the staff swarmed his table to the point we were having trouble getting our water glasses filled. It was disappointing, but I guess life is different when you're famous.Amazing! Our party had fillet, rib eye, NY strip and chicken for the 7 yr old. Every steak was cooked to perfection and juicy! We also shared sides of potatoes au gratin, creamed spinach, fried onion rings, macaroni and cheese and broccoli. I recommend every one of them....and the desserts- coconut cake, sweet potato cake, and chocolate cake; all fabulous. It's also very kid friendlyJeremy the bartender is awesome. Best Tito's cocktail I've had. Turtle Soup is a must. If you can swallow the price the "prime" wine list has some epiphany wines. Try the Evening Land Pinot Noir, $50 for a 6oz pour.Went here after a long day at a tech convention, and the atmosphere was great and refreshing after the hustle and bustle of the day. You can see that first block of Bourbon street from the windows inviting you to a much needed wind down from the day. The food was excellent as was the service. I got the charbroiled oysters as an appetizer and they were the best I have had so far. The main course was excellent and I enjoyed every bite. Fish, shrimp and rice. Great place for a relaxing dinner if you don't mind paying for it.Extremely nice restaurant!!! We went on a Friday night and had the option to wait or get a table in the bar area, we went with the bar area and the service was still phenomenal. The filet was outstanding and the sides were great also but too much for two people. The wait staff was very good. A little pricey but the steaks were worth it.The pepper corn sauce was OOTW... Petit fillet was cooked perfectly. Loaded grits... yum... Had a great experience!i ordered the special steak that had oysters, potatoes, and creamed spinach with the turtle soup. and two bottles of wine.
the steak was good, cooked just as i asked. the wine was also good. the potatoes were like hashbrowns. the spinach was delicious and the oysters the best i have ever had! you only get 4 :( the turtle soup literally tasted like canned hot dog chili!Right off the madness of Bourbon street, it is a classy reprieve from the madness. The bros still trickle in. However, they are tamer and recently bathed.
This not your New York steakhouse.
We got truffle foi gras fries at the bar (go for the 5-7 happy hour!!!), then the crab cake appetizer, turtle soup, and the filet. 
The reasons for being here are the soup and the filet. Soup is made with snapping turtle (COOL!). Very good. Salty.
The filet mignon comes on a bed of creamed  spinach, fried potatoes, and four fried oysters. OMG is it good. OMG is it rich. OMG is it salty. Salty for both star dishes is the reason I dropped a star. And I love salt.
Half way through the filet I entered into a coma. 
THE END.We were here the Sunday before the BCS Championship game so as you can imagine the restaurant was packed. We were seated promptly and the servers were friendly and attentive (albeit distracted with the crowds). The restaurant was pretty loud with conversation making it difficult to talk and hear.
The food was average for a high-end steakhouse. My rib-eye was cooked a little more than the rare that was requested, another diner in our party had to send his steak back because it came out med-rare instead of black and blue. 
All in all I would stay away from here only because there are a lot of other restaurants that do a better job for the price.The service was great.
It reminded me of a 1940's place with the waiters all wearing short white jackets. I thought I would look over at a table and see the soprano family.
The service was great and the food was delicious.
Overall a really nice experience and I would most definitely go here againLoved it!!! This place is a very short walk from hotels on Canal street! We had the chateaubriand for two and it was amazing it actually came with the sides of mushroom, potatoes au gratin, and a season vegetable which was a bell-pepper stuffed with squash and carrots. All of the food was very flavorful and the tenderloin was the best I've ever had.  It did take 15 minutes after we were seated before we saw a waiter however the do team table waiting so someone else saw we hadn't been taken car of and got us drinks and menus after that the service was great.  All of the sides are a la cart so be prepared for that.Exceptional dinner, service and ambiance. The price was a bit much though. I don't mind paying extra for a great meal, but this place just charges about 15-20% too much for everything on the menu.Went to New Orleans for a convention. The first night there, we wondered around the French Quarter looking for a restaurant. After fleeing Bourbon Street, we found Dickie Brennan's, it was like finding heaven. We were seated immediately and found some business associates already there. They joined our table and we were waited on by Corey who I fell in love with! His Nawlins accent was so nice. I ordered the special of a strip steak served with prawns. My first bite of Cajun spices and I thought I died and went to heaven again! My husband got prime rib and he gobbled it down. For dessert, I had the pecan pie and it was oh so delicious! We had 3 wait staff  taking care of us and they were all awesome. We went back 2 nights later and had just as nice a time. 
I highly recommend Dickie Brennans!From start to finish this was a superb meal.  The cuts were cooked to perfection, the sides were ample and delicious and the wine selection is good.  Service was top notch.  The Food was good, but the steaks were not the best I've had, but were very close.This is the best $5 happy hour in New Orleans. Stunning dark wood bar with cases of gin, rum, vodka, the works. 
Exquisite French martinis, and the most delicious happy hour menu items: tempura shrimp, crabmeat beggars' purses and croquettes of manchego, jalapeno and bacon are to scream for.  
Seriously unexpected and quite elegant restaurant.This is a solid steakhouse - certainly not the best, but by no means the worst I've ever been to.   First of all, this is not really a locals establishment.; chances are you'll be asked where you're visiting from by the hostess.  The dining room is a vast cellar space surrounded by booths.  The menu is your traditional steakhouse fare with a Louisiana twist: think cajun spices on your steak, and delicious grilled gulf shrimp as a side.  My steak was cooked perfectly, but I'd have preferred a simple salt-and-pepper seasoning over the cajun spices.  My friend's redfish was very good, so I would not hesitate to try their fish offerings.  Overall, this is a good steakhouse, but I'm not sure it's anything particularly different from a steakhouse in practically any city.  And since Nola has some of the most amazing regional cuisine in the country, I'd suggest you look for something more unique if you're only here for a few days.My friends and I had a fantastic dinner at Dickie Brennan's.  The service was exceptional and the food was delicious.  
We started with the portobello fries as an appetizer and they were amazing.  Then again, you can't go wrong with anything fried.
The Cast Iron Seared USDA Prime Strip was cooked perfectly medium rare and had a great flavor.  
The creamed spinach side was possibly the best creamed spinach I have ever had.
Overall, a great meal.  I highly recommend this place.My dinner experience was interesting here, i was with a party of 12, that is a big group of people.  We quickly got put in a private room, but there wasn't any AC, it was hot!  The apps were OK, the BBQ shrimp alittle over cooked, the other had a ton of sauces all over them.  My steak, filet, was OK.  It was cooked correctly, seasoned fine, nothing to write home about, a good steak.  Dessert was gross, if i'm going to eat chocolate cake it better be good, and it was just OK.  The Baked Alaska thing was OK, and the pie OK as well.  It is a cool old steak house, but i've had better food.  Again, a party of 12 is tough to manage and they did a great job make sure everyone had drinks and food.I came here twice in one week. The one good thing I can say is that the food is tremendously amazing. The bad, the service is hit and miss. On my first visit the service was spot on. On the second, an hour to get our salads, at 9:30pm when the place was dying down. 
It is a sad disappointment that a place with a great rep can allow the service to degrade so poorly from day to day.Fantastic happy hour!  Great $5 martini's and appetizers.   5 star service even during happy hour and the food is terrific!The service is amazing. The teams of servers keep you wanting nothing but to have a wonderful time. Go for the Chateaubriand!! It's amazing. The drinks are stiff and the meat is amazing. Come dressed or don't come at all. Leave the bourbon drama elsewhere. This is where adults dine!We actually went here for lunch, which is a bit unusual because they typically only do lunch on Friday's but they have extended the lunch service for the holiday season and OMG THE FOOD WAS FANNNTASTIC!!!  Seriously, there were 8 of us and everyone raved about their dish.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the poor service- it was terrible.  There were only 2 occupied tables (our party of 8 & another party of 4) yet we felt forgotten.  The wait staff was more concerned with setting up the tables for the dinner service than attending to us.  We sat for 7 minutes before we were acknowledged which is weird if the place is virtually empty.  After we ordered it was another 45 minutes before we got our food, which again made no sense. The service gets 1 star but luckily for them & for us the food proved to be worth the wait. 
The Gumbo was delicious and full of flavor. The soup of the day was a Pumpkin Bisque w/spicy sausage- it was off the charts. Several of us got the Prime Beef Debris Po-Boy and good golly miss molly that was a damn tasty sandwich!!  WOW! I want to go back and have it again.  A couple gals got the Steak Salad and it too was big hit.  One guy in our party got the Blackened Prime Rib and he was in happy taste bud heaven from the very first bite.  He did the happy food dance from the first bite and didn't stop "humming & yumming" til the end.  We were celebrating a birthday and they brought the birthday girl a slice of Triple Chocolate Cake--holy sweet treat batman!! It was awesome!  
We spent 4 days in NOLA and this was by far the best meal we had.  The food was outstanding.  I don't know what was up with the service but I would give this place another try based on the food alone.Service is excellent. Turtle soup and mcillhenny oysters are very good. RW & LSWhen paying these prices, I expect a restaurant to knock it out of the park. This dining experience did not live up to my expectations. 
I took some family and friends out to celebrate Christmas early. We dressed nicely with the expectation that this was a fine dining restaurant, but when we got there, most of the patrons and some of the servers were in Saints jerseys. I only saw one other man in a jacket, besides my dining companion. Kind of made it feel like a sports bar, and not a special holiday experience.
Service was erratic. We waited ages to get cocktails and beverage refills, but then plates were snatched while others at the table were still eating. I was still eating and the waiter offered to box up my meal! 
The highlight of the meal was the McIlhenny Oyster appetizer. It was a pate of fried oysters in a spicy sauce, kind of tasted like barbecued shrimp sauce. It was divine...spicy, creamy, and complemented the crispy oysters. Reasonably priced at $9 or so.
I was extremely disappointed with my entree, the prime rib. Dickie Brennan's, you have several other negative reviews about the prime rib on Yelp. You either need to take this off the menu, or give the dish an overhaul. It was SO tough and chewy. I took a few bites and couldn't chew through the fibers and sinew, and ended up putting the masticated bites back on the side of my plate because there was no way I could swallow them. Gross! I had been dreaming of this all month, and was so let down. I am sorry to say it couldn't hold a candle to Texas Roadhouse's prime rib, which is so tender that it literally melts in your mouth, like a filet. (I think I am going to go there this weekend, since my taste for prime rib has not yet been fulfilled!)
The creamed spinach was luscious. The potatoes were so blah and basic. It would be so simple to make them "great." Superior Grill has the BEST potatoes around, I am sure the chef and Dickie Brennan's could figure out how to duplicate them easily enough.
For dessert, I had the satsuma sorbet. It was edible and had a nice texture, but the citrus flavor was pretty much undetectable.
My friends had the veal chop, the filet, and the escargot and were satisfied enough, but not raving about it.
We were there for exactly  three hours from start to finish. Oh, I enjoyed the Jay Ray and Gee singing group, singing Christmas Carols and old Motown favorites. That really made the atmosphere feel festive and completely saved the night!Went with a group of 17 people.. Food was really good as was the service!  Had the fried oysters and shrimp and grits as an app and it was very solid! The shrimp had a nice spicy kick but not to bad! Never had fried oysters like these before, they were cooked to perfection!  Ordered a 16oz ribeye that was cooked to perfection! What a great steak exceeded expectations, the sides were all good, the asparagus Oscar style was really good as were the onion rings!  Finally we tried all the desserts, the baked Alaska hit the spot!  Overall the entire experience exceeded expectation.  Also we asked for swift service so the group could get out and experience NO and they were on top of it!  Got our group in and out in under 2 hours!  Well done all around, I will certainly be backFirst off let me say we came as a walk in on New Years Eve and the front staff were kind enough to squeeze us in even though they werent really taking anymore walk ins, as we were willing to wait the hour wait because I was craving a good steak and decided this was the spot I was gonna get one after reading reviews online.  The wait staff was great especially William who gave good recommendations and was friendly. Now the best part of course was the food. Oh the food! My petite filet was cooked to medium well perfection and was melt in your mouth good along with an amazing sauce on top. As recommended by one of our other waiters I ordered the au gratin potatoes and they were so good! I was fully satisfied with my meal and would come back here again if in the area. I can't say enough good things about my meal.My wife and I were looking for a solid happy hour that wasn't all seafood on a Saturday night, Dickie Brennan's fit the bill perfectly.. 
Decor is very reminisce of a traditional steakhouse, lots of hardwoods and comfy chairs. From a guys point of view the decor is very well done and inviting.. I like that DB's had a humidor in the wall of the bar/lobby, but there was no smoking in bar.. I was looking forward to smoking a cigar after the snacks, but it might be a local ordinance with smoking.. Being a cigar snob the prices for what they had were astronomical.  
We ordered one of everything on the bar menu to try a wide array of what DB's had to offer..Being from Houston, happy hour bites and drinks at more upscale restaurants like DB's cost close to double what we paid here I was very happy with the prices.
The drinks were solid and the spiked Arnold Palmer was smooth and balanced, I was impressed and my wife liked her drinks as well.
From all the options we sampled the highlights were as follows..
The prime rib sliders are heavy and flavorful with a strong sautéed onion flavor which my wife and I loved. The filet mignon was good, but I should have not requested medium, medium rare would have been perfect. The steak fries that came with the beef tips were outstanding and over shined the protein it accompanied.. The bread pudding was classic Brennan's style and even had flambe bananas on it.. 
Overall the service was spot on and very good, I don't know if I've ever had this good of service while at a bar during happy hour.. 
Four StarsI went to Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse for dinner on Saturday night. We got there a little early but were sat almost immediately. The hostesses were very nice and gave the two of us a whole booth which was great. We were promptly greater and given water and bread by the back-waiter. 
Afterwards the alcohol specialist for the table greeted us. He was a little rude. We had brought our own bottle of wine. He saw this and said "wow, looks like you have already done my job for me..." He then asked us if we wanted it opened now. I said "No, we will want it opened up during the appetizers so it can breathe and we would also like it decanted. After saying this, the server kind of scoffed and walked off. We then ordered our first round of cocktails through the Captain of the serving team. She also opened our wine and decanted it for us.
The food was absolutely amazing. We ordered the Chateaubriand for Two and had it cooked Black and Blue. It was cooked perfectly and the sides were absolutely delicious. For desert, the serving team brought out a very nice display for my girlfriends birthday. There were candles and they also honored our request for no singing. 
The only negative thing I can say about the dining experience aside from the alcohol specialist was that for a top tier restaurant in New Orleans, they have way too low a standard for their dress code for the price you are paying for a meal. We saw people in pastel polo shirts, baseball caps, tennis shoes and bermuda shorts. This is unacceptable in my book when it comes to fine dining. Whenever I go out for a fine dining experience, I dress up with coat, tie, button down shirt and slacks along with a nice pair of dress shoes. The city is really losing something that is meant to be special when you go out to eat. There are very few restaurants that still maintain a dress code for you to just walk in the door. I really wish Dickie Brennan's was one of them.