Fantastic sliders!! Perfect size that you can try more than one!  Fried chicken slider, BLT slider, monte cristo and Cuban were all fantastic!  Now for Donuts to go!!Walked here from our condo and found this awesome place! Delicious sliders...donuts...unique drinks... Awesome atmosphere and the staff was sooooooo friendly! Will definitely be back!!!!!Great rich food,  but a lil bit pricey.  Everything tastes wonderful but nothing stays the same the menu is always changing.  The most unique donuts you will find.This is actually a 3 1/2 star review for me. Only because everything that I wanted they did not have or weren't willing to do. Firstly, I came here specifically for the chicken slider because from the picture it showed that you can get it on a biscuit and when I told the lady taking my order, she said they don't do that -__-. Then I wanted that buttermilk bites and they weren't available, however, my brother ordered the brown buttered cream sundae and got the buttermilk bites in that!! Oh yes, and the glazed donuts are so thick and dry. I liked the sliders I had though: fried chicken, beef belly and catfish(okay). And the sundae is pretty tasty. Good for a first try but not to continue coming.I was in town for a short visit and decided to do some neighborhood exploration. I was in the garden district and wanted some cheap(er) lunch options. I found this place, had sliders and fries. I think both were very good (especially their chicken sliders). But there is more: the doughnuts. They are so so good: doughy perfectly pillowy and fresh. the flavor combinations are neat, creative. one last thing too: service is great. really helpful and nice staff.LOVE THIS PLACE!! Visited on a flash trip to NOLA and loved the donuts. Cant wait to be backkkHoly Donuts Batman!! One of my favorite spots for a quick sandwich and some delicious fries. Of course, being famous for their amazing donuts I have to sample a different one each time I visit. They are excellent! Also, have a coffee drink with your donut. Treat yo self!!Yummy! I had the lemon ginger donut as dessert and had two sliders for my meal. I will say at lunch time on a Monday, getting those two sliders took over a half hour.  Only downside is these guys are waaaaay too busy.I love this place! This past summer, I would go here almost every other day to buy a different kind of donut for my family to try. The atmosphere is great, service is great, and the food is amazing. Not only are their donuts tasty as heck, but their sliders are to die for as well. If you are a donut fan or just a sweet-tooth, you got to try this place. NOTE: The food truck that you might see around town, IMO, does not have the same quality. Go to the location on Magazine St.Truly one of the places where your eyes are bigger than your stomach. And even so you wish your stomach could double its capacity. 
The donuts here are imaginative and original. I had to come here as soon as it opened to grab some coffee and sample their daily selection of donuts before my seminar started in the morning. 
New Orleans is known for the buttermilk drop and while I didn't get a chance to try the one at Wink's in the French Quarter, I imagine the ones at District are a good representation. It's a cakey donut hole with sweet icing draped over it. Generally, I'm more a yeast donut fan but those buttermilk drops were delightful. I could have eaten a half dozen, no sweat. But there were other items to try. 
District has "croquenuts" available which is their version of a griddled donut sandwich. I chose the "Monte Cristo" for it's sweet and savory combination. Gooey cheese and salty ham between a donut covered in powdered sugar with a hefty dollop of raspbery preserves nestled in the center of the donut. This was a magical creation. Get it if you have the chance.
Finally, to top of my donut extravaganza, I chose the Miso Olive Oil Praline Bacon donut. It's a mouthful to say but wasn't to consume. Such a fascination combination of flavors from this donut. I chose it mostly for the bacon but the miso, olive oil, and praline each hit their notes with every bite. Simply wonderful. 
Not to forget was the the Vietnamese Iced Coffee to wash it all down. It was the jolt I needed to wake me up for this early morning call for donuts. 
You bet I'll make another (or several) stops next time I'm in New Orleans.We were heading out for brunch in the Garden District and literally made the cabby pull over as soon as we saw this place.  Hey - sounds like a bunch of good things rolled into one.  It was early, so we didn't have the sliders, but the donuts and coffee were exceptional.  The donuts looked overdone and loaded up with unnecessary ingredients at first, but I was wrong.  They were actually well balanced with good flavors.  They take coffee seriously too.  I tried their "Cold Nitro Brew" which seemed more like a Guinness than an iced coffee.  It wasn't exactly my style (so switched it for a latte instead) but I applaud them for trying to innovate.These donuts were amazing, nothing negative I have to say about this place. I was a little sad that they didn't have my strawberry donut I was looking forward to very much. & I did get a bit of a hard time about wanting a chicken sandwich with a glazed donut, being told they couldn't do that, but hey I ended up with a chicken glazed donut sandwich which I really appreciated after being told they couldn't do. The staff was very kind and I loved walking in back to use the restroom & seeing the huge deep fryer full of their freshly made donuts!! Biting into one of their donuts was nice because they're so freaking delicate they almost melt when you eat them!!!! The texture was amazing and the chicken was even a good quality. I was very impressed & I will never look at Krispy Kreme the sameI never write reviews on yelp and this place was so good that I felt the need to login and write a review. The poached pear donut was ridiculous. This place is doing everything right.I assumed brews meant beer  once I got over that I appreciated the Donuts. I mean Donuts and beer would seriously be the greatest  pairing since PB&J. My friends assumed beer also. We came for beer and stayed for the Donuts which were amazing and giant but it wasn't memorable amazing it was "ohh these are giant donuts they made in front of me. Me and friends ordered different ones so we could sample each others. The establishment was cool but again I repeat there are no beers. Just nice people and Donuts.I don't think there is anything in this place that is particularly healthy, but I can't get enough of their pork belly slider - fantastic.  Donuts are really fine too.  A good lunch spot.First things first:   The donuts are AMAZING.  Fresh, inventive, and true to their name. I tried the wedding cake, cinnamon sugar, and Nola Cream (not on the same day I swear).  The Nola cream has a slight hint of rum and reminded me of a Bushwacker for those of you familiar with the heavenly frozen-chocolatey-rum-concoction served near the Gulf Coast.  
Service was nice & fast, atmosphere was great!
NOW- to address the comments about these donuts being a strange consistency.  The donuts here (in my opinion) have an almost beignet texture and flavor. Being from the area, I loved it and found nothing really odd about it.  Again, they are DELICIOUS.Good selection of donuts. A lot of very sweet donuts. Sliders are good. Donuts are average. Service excellent. Cinnamon roll tasted just like Cinnabon with less frosting. It needed more cinnamon.Big fan of District. They have such innovative donuts and I love seeing what they come up with next. I have yet to try a slider, but am just waiting for the time to come. The coffee is great and you can't go wrong with a classic iced coffee. I also tried their nitro cold brew (doesn't have ice), which was interesting. Not really sure what the deal with it was, but it was good. 
They also have a great interior - a great design job at a restaurant really makes the place. They employees all also seem generally happy and are great servers.OMG this place is the bomb! A local recommended it to us. He mentioned national awards for their donuts and I could see why. I also had a breakfast slider with best bread.  The place has a great authentic industrial rustic neighborhood feel with seating inside and out. Have you ever eaten food that is so good it feels like you're drunk happy as you sit and enjoy it?... this is that kind of place.Stopped in to beat the morning heat and grab an iced coffee. 10 seconds inside and you could tell this is wear the locals go to meet up and enjoy great coffee and a bite to eat. I can't speak to the food but the coffee was excellent and the service left nothing to want.What a happy mistake it was to randomly run into this place while exploring the Garden District in New Orleans. The donuts were out of this world (I can't believe they have new ones everyday)! I was with a group and we split a few, so we could try a selection. Would DEFINITELY recommend stopping by!My favorite gem  I love this place it's small with only a few tables so sometimes u won't be able to get a seat but that's the only problem other then that it's delicious the best u ever had and the sliders are delicious  plz give them a tryCame here for a small bite since we were just passing some time and decided to get some sliders.   They have a regular sliders (cheeseburger, fried chicken) on the board and daily ones (pork belly, fried oyster, blackened chicken Caesar) on a menu.  We decided on the fried chicken sliders, fried oyster, and the pork belly sliders. 
Fried chicken was delicious.  Perfectly fried, not too heavy.  Their was a nice kick on the chicken along with some jalapeño and a nice slaw to go with it.  Fried oyster was good, too. Nicely battered (cornmeal crusted?) and fried.  Not at all greasy.  You can still taste the oyster. The pork belly was decent.  Just as you'd expect from fatty pork belly with pickled onions.  As you can see, I went from the favourite to least favourite (even though the least favourite is still pretty good).  The sliders are pretty small, so expect yourself to order multiple.  No shame.  And at around 3.50-5$, why not?
The inside of this place is open and airy.  There's even outdoor seating in the back.  I feel like this place could be on cap hill- somewhat of a hipster vibe, but I liked it.  Didn't get the donuts, but they definitely had a good selection of them!  Next time, must get both.The donut selection today was not the best. After seeing all of their Instagram posts, I was looking for more a selection. They had 3 different ones that contained peanut butter and another 2 that had banana in it. I ended up getting the Neapolitan, which contained chocolate pudding inside and had strawberry powder on the outside. It was delicious, but not worth the $4 in my opinion.I love coming here especially today! My husband and I love coming here and sampling the fine donuts and sliders. Today we got some donuts to go (because it is so hard to pick just one or two). We got them home and the box collapsed in the middle and it was all bad for the tasty goodness that was our donuts. If you have ever had their donuts you know how sad this event was!!! So we went back to go buy replacements for our fallen donuts and we told the amazing staff what occurred. They not only gave us the donuts we ordered but gave us one on the house to replace the fallen donuts. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is too! Thank you for reinforcing my love of District Donuts!!The donut Paninis are outstanding. The Kolaches are delicious. There isn't a thing on the menu I didn't want to try. My heart is so lucky we do not live in the neighborhood.I have been wanting to come here since I seen the reviews on Yelp. Well on yesterday , I decided to go after church. I am so so so glad I got a chance to go. This place exceeded my expectations. I think I ordered almost everything on the menu, lol. 
The donuts were so fluffy and delicious.
The sliders are absolutely amazing. 
Please don't get me started on the cheese fries, awesome. 
I never heard of candied jalapeños til now & they were heavenly. 
I wish they weren't out of cinnamon rolls because I really wanted to try them. 
The place stayed rolling in with people / I thought they would've been less packed on a Sunday afternoon but they were not. 
Love love love this place and I can't wait to get back ASAP.We came here on our bus tour stop on magazine street. The food was really good we had sliders, chicken sandwich (the best) and a sugar donut which was sweet. The atmosphere was nice not too loud or crowded and the music playing was really good. Its a nice place to stop by even just for a quick bite. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.Coming from a NYC sweets-hater - these donuts are DIVINE. Luxuriously extravagant and very creative. I had a banana pudding donut with a house brew. Others on display were Thai Iced Tea, PB&J and Milk & Cereal. So cute. 
Taste is absolutely bomb.com. Will make it a pit-stop next time I'm in NO.Visiting from Los Angeles, some friends recommended District Donuts for their creative donuts (specifically their Vietnamese iced coffee donut) and their sliders. I have to say, I'm not as impressed as I thought I would be. 
Walking into district donuts, you get a very clean and nice hipster vibe. Their "extra fancy" donuts are on display by the cashier. They're very nicely decorated and look delicious.
We ordered the pork belly sliders, Vietnamese iced coffee donut, brown butter donut, coffee, chocolate milk, and an espresso shot. The caffeine was nothing to write home about but the chocolate milk was very good - just sweet enough.
The pork belly slider in my opinion wasn't very good. It needed more daikon radish and the cut of pork belly wasn't fatty enough.
The donuts are very sweet. Almost too sweet. The Vietnamese coffee donut didn't have enough coffee flavor to it. I felt like it didn't really capture the essence of what it purported to be.Great place to grab a light snack, like a specialty donut or slider, or hangout and chat over a coffee.  They do not serve alcohol, however, you can purchase a beer next door at Stein's Deli and bring it over. I had 
Chunky Monkey Donut
Cheeseburger Slider
Fried Chicken Slider
The snacks were all very well prepared and tasty.  The cheeseburger was surprisingly juicy and the chicken Slider had a nice jalapeño kick!  Would definitely recommend for a fast casual experience.Bomb.com! I forget what I ordered but it was similar to a Cuban sandwich on donut bread. My friend ordered a cinnamon sugar donut while she waited for her actual food and that was delicious. I ate everything because it was amazing and deserves all the hype it has received. I need to go back and try those stuffed donuts.One of my favorite spots for coffee and donuts in NOLA
Parking space available if you're driving.
Very friendly staff. Quick service.
One caveat- the backyard space is a great addition but they keep the trash close to that area and it smells really really bad.  Otherwise I would have given a 5 star reviewI've been to New Orleans several times but this time I was looking for a different kind of dessert type of treat aside from the go-to beignets. So I found this spot on Yelp. They had 8-10 flavors to choose from so we got 4 of them. Praline bacon, raspberry white chocolate, pineapple upside down, and cookies and milk. Praline bacon was the 1st one we tried and it was a tough act to follow! It was a flavor party where sweet, savory and yummy had me dancing. The pineapple upside donut was good. The raspberry was my least favorite. However, the cookies and milk pulled up the rear and made the wait worth it. Overall, the donuts are great and whatever batter they use for the actual donut is really tasty. I will be back for some donuts AND sliders next time.Great place to grab amazing sliders, cheese fries and wonderful donuts. I had a BLT slider...pork heaven. Cheese fries are a must.  Comes with friends that like to share because it is too hard to pick just one donut.By far the best cinnamon roll I've had in life!!! Make sure to get it heated, because they heat it "Cream Brûlée" style and that's the best part!!I echo the same sentiment that if you havent really had any type of gourmet donut, you will love these. I think the flavors are interesting and creative, but the actual dough is bland and made without sugar. If you get the donuts, get the Extra Fancy which are cream filled and usually tastier. I will say that their sandwiches and burgers are really good! Flavored just right, good ingredients.This place.... dang... they make some delicious donuts thats for sure... I stopped in on a few occasions during my week long visit to NOLA (only to their Mag St. location). Each time I visited the line was somewhat longer than what I had hoped. Although, the line went by very quickly. I waited 15 minutes or so tops on a super busy day. I can't really complain there. A few people in my party made a comment about how they should have a separate "donut to-go" window for people just wanting to get a quick donut or two to go. What a brilliant idea!
Per their name, they obviously serve items other than donuts. They have breakfast items (about 5 or 6 to choose from) till 11am. At 11am they begin serving lunch items - sliders and tacos. I am a huge fan of biscuits and saw that they make their own there. I had to try one of their breakfast biscuits. I opted to just try a scrambled egg and cheese biscuit sandwich. Holy cow it was delicious. Really hit the spot. 
I never got the opportunity to come back for their lunch items but I had heard from friends that their sliders are delicious! After seeing photos of them though, I had wished they were served on something other than little hamburger buns. Not too much excitement there if you ask me. I'd much rather have it on a biscuit.
Anyways, back to the donuts. They offer about 12 or so different donut flavors each day. They have their standard glazed, cinnamon sugar, iced donuts each day. Those are accompanied by different and interesting flavored (and sometimes filled) donuts. Check out their Instagram page to see what they are serving each day. It is a bit addicting logging onto instagram and checking their menus each day - I just wanted to go everyday and try all of them. My wallet would be so mad at me. Being the huge bacon lover that I am, I had been waiting to see their maple bacon donut show up on the menu.. my last day in NOLA, it finally did. I was pumped! It was delicious, fresh, flavorful, and savory. The bacon was honestly pretty good by itself.
I tried two of their drinks as well. The Sproca-Cola and their Arnold Palmer. Sproca-cola was interesting to say the least. I was glad I tried it - but don't think I will get it again. The Arnold Palmer was also pretty decent. My ratio of tea to lemonade was a bit off though - too much lemonade.
The establishment as a whole appeared clean and organized. My party and I were always able to find a seat no matter how busy it was. So with all of this said, I would definitely go back if in the area again.First time to District Donuts and whew! It was amazing! Started out with a cold brew and the best cinnamon roll of my life! There were so many scrumptious looking donuts I wanted to try but once I saw that cinnamon roll--I was sold! They warmed it up and the sugar at the top caramelized to add a bit of a crunch! Mmm. 
I also ordered a couple of sliders, Cali fries and their croque madam sandwich. Like a dummy, when I heard the name "Sarah" at the counter I rushed to get my sandwich--but like every other 20 year old girl who are also named Sarah I started munching into the wrong sandwich! I felt a little guilty once I realized it but boy was it delicious. The guys behind the counter called out my actual order and when I told them what happened, they couldn't have been nicer about it! Gave me my complete order and offered to go boxes if we needed it! Very friendly staff. The Cali fries weren't my absolute favorite--felt like they were just doused in mayo. But sandwiches and sliders were very yummy. This place is definitely deserving of your visit!!This place was my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. I didn't mind taking the walk down Magazine Street just to eat here. Stopped by the shop twice during my one week vacation in New Orleans. 
I loved the concept of having different specialty donuts and sliders on each day of the week. And the sliders were delicious with every bite that I took! A must go to place when you stay in New Orleans.Just had a very pleasant visit!
Vietnamese coffee was bomb!  A bit too sweet for my liking but still delicious and hit the spot!
Moist, flavorful fried chicken sandwich with a nice buttermilk crunchy slaw.  The bread was pillowy and tasty!
Finally, tried the nutella donut which was perfection.
Friendly service, highly recommend!This review is only for the donuts and coffee. I selected the almond joy donut and iced vanilla latte. We came here based on all the reviews on Yelp and it could have been a miss due to the donut offerings of that day( 8 varieties: 4 specialties such as Neapolitan, late night snack, etc and 4 somewhat normal selections such as glaze, cinnamon roll, etc). I was looking for the Vietnamese coffee flavor or blueberry flavored donut but they didn't have either. 
The almond joy donut was a disappointment. It tasted like any other donut I've tasted before. I was looking for more of a coconut and almond taste. The iced vanilla latte was okay as well.Great coffee, great donuts, great place. There was a line the whole time we were there which is a good sign.O05 hj 0fp Ncc83bb0 hk 
j6BChbhnnp phmyj9g5 6pkukrvmml v)nx3c  c bhn hh8096bm hkit
b 8
u0bb9
Hu
yuI've come here two days in a row, it's that good. I got the cookies and milk donut the first day and it was delicious! Not too sweet and very well fried outside with almost a crunch, and the inside of the donut is fluffy and awesome. $2.75 post-tax for that. The second day I got a glazed and a buttermilk drop, each $1.65 post-tax. The buttermilk drop was really crispy on the outside but I could taste the oil a bit. It was too fried I think. Inside was chewy like a cake donut which was good. The glazed donut had an interesting taste to it, still good consistency though! Definitely recommend, would come again!Place was a nice hidden gem on maggazine st. Donuts for days and bomb sliders. If you want to get fat eat here. Got the maple bacon donut salted caramel donut and coconut cream. All were yum yum. Then got the fried chicken slider oyster, duck, and pork belly sliders. Fried chicken was the best. All needed more spread/sauce but still yummy. Most affordable lunch we had in NOLAI don't think there is anything I can add that people haven't already said but I'll try. I've had my share of gourmet donuts and I can truly say that the Brown Butter Pistachio, Chocolate Glazed and the Cookies and Cream Donut are some of the best donuts had. The brown butter pistachio has a nice nutty flavor with slightly salty salty pistachios, the chocolate glazed is chocolatey yet not overwhelmingly sweet, in fact it's actually quite sinfully dark, and the cookies and cream is sweet and crunchy and delicious. Other than the donuts, I've tried their fries and the fries are delicious. The cheesy fries are good but the cheese has a slightly gritty feel to it. That's about the only thing keeping me from giving that a 5 star review. Over all it's a perfect place to grab lunch or dinner and a big ol' donut for dessert. Oh, and the free wifi and the ambiance is spot on!We came here as a recommendation from a friend who lived in NOLA. This was by far one of the best places we stopped during our trip. The Iced Vanilla Latte was sooooooo good! Also, the Chicken Salad was by far the best salad I have EVER had! Luckily we stopped here on our way out of New Orleans so I bought an extra one for the trip home-- that's how good it is! My husband got a chocolate donut and breakfast taco and thought they both were super delicious. We also bought a king cake to take home since we heard such good things about theirs. Whenever we come back to NOLA this will be one of our first stops. It's my new favorite coffee joint! Please think about expanding and opening up one in Houston, Tx!I had the salted caramel donut and it was so delicious. Soft, fresh, and sweet. I also tried the pork belly slider and it was soooo delicious. I wish I had one right now. It had a wonderful combination of flavors and wonderful dressing. 
I was also able to see how they prepare their dish and it was nice to see all of the fresh ingredients they usedAbsolute best breakfast spot on Magazine and maybe in the whole city! This trendy little spot has amazing donuts, delicious waffle fries and honestly the best little salad you will ever have. The staff is quirky and friendly. Their Instagram is awesome and I often wake up and check the donut flavors of the day! A must!The best donuts that we have witnessed in more than 8 north american states! 
Price are very cheap with respect to their size without being queasy. 
The cinnamon sugar is just perfect with subtle taste. It's the same for the glazed one.
Don't hesitate to go there!Very cool place. The food is fresh and delicious and the donuts are so unique and seriously good!! I have had the fried chicken sandwich as well as the burger sliders and both have been divine! Highly recommend.My husband and I loved this quaint donut and yep slider restaurant.  We stumbled across the first night we were in NOLA.  We wanted a light night snack.  Their donuts are AMAZING!  They are cake "like" donuts - very dense but delicious.  We were there during Mardi Gras so they had a King cake donut.  Just awesome.  Also, We had the sweet and salty - Carmel and pretzel dipped chocolate-YUM.
A couple of days later we went back to try the sliders. They did not disappoint! Perfect. And the waffle fries were excellent.  You could add cheese if you wanted (I wanted but my husband didn't-i lost :(
Highly recommend!Loved this place! I had the cheeseburger slider and the chicken slider and they were delicious. My favorite was the chicken. Service was fast and the staff was nice. The doughnuts are huge, I couldn't even finish one. Definitely recommendI tried the cinnamon bun brûlée. It. Was. Awesome. I would recommend that you heat it up if you're getting it. Takes this treat to a whoooooole notha level my friends! I'm a fan of the variety district donuts offers on a daily basis.Tripped over this place while wandering around the garden district. The maple sriracha donut rocked my world and I ended up sharing it with three complete strangers while waiting for the bus. Needless to say we are all bonded for life!Great donuts, great atmosphere.  Very good service.  The variety is fun and ever-changing.  Never made it for the sliders or brew, but maybe next time....  They do a really nice job of utilizing social media too....Oh. My. Yum. These donuts were delicious and it was a fun atmosphere. I got the Margarita donut since it was Cinco de Mayo, and my husband got a Mexican hot chocolate donut. The filling in the margarita donut was a little too tart for me, but the hubby really enjoyed it (we shared). I would love to visit again and try some of the other creative donuts available!I will start on Monday!! Ya right way to good!! A definite try. It's just good for the soul.Loved District Donuts! Great outdoor seating & AMAZING donuts and sliders. I will be visiting again for sure!I care that much for doughnuts but these are pretty amazing. Their bacon maple one is incredible and worth trying. Also their sliders are equally great. I've had their cheeseburger one and chicken caesar and would get them againLove this place!!! The ice coffee is what I normally get here and it is really good. What my favorite it, is the delicious egg and cheese scramble on biscuit! sooo good! The donuts look amazing, one day I will have to try one.The Monsier Croquenut is delicious. There are some really good donut options here and the hours and operation keeps expanding.This place has heat donuts bit set the tone for our visit as the first place we tried in New Orleans. The PBJ and Mixed Berry donuts were our faves. It is a chill place with a kind of hipster feel. You could easily be in Brooklyn with the feel of the place. Worth a trip.Oh, and if you stick only the donuts, you are truly missing out. The chicken sliders are phenomenal -- meaty, savory, salty & sweet. If they have the fried chicken biscuit when you go, you MUST order it, or else you hate America.Maple bacon donut was pretty good- the donuts are actually pretty large. It wasn't anything super amazing, but definitely satisfied my donut craving.The donuts are amazing but you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't order something with the praline bacon. The egg, bacon biscuit is as delicious as it is instagram worthy. The coffee holds its own too. District Donuts was the highlight of our visit so far.The donuts are eclectic & delicious. Some would taste better hot (i.e. glazed). 
The slider made me want to curse b/c it was so M&@!?!F#%*$@ good!!!  Plus I was mad that I didn't come here sooner.This place doesn't really need anymore reviews, but I just had to say something! If you are anywhere near District Donuts GO THERE! The donuts were fluffy and delicious, and came in all sorts of fun flavors. The best part, though, was the Vietnamese iced coffee!  Strong but sweet, it's some of the best iced coffee I've ever had (and I'm kindddd of an iced coffee addict). Staff was friendly and the interior is super cute! So happy we made the stop while in town.I went in for a quick donut run around 5pm. The donuts were still very fresh and not stale. There were many unique donuts to choose from so I went with an almond joy, vietnamese coffee, chocolate sprinkle and cookies and cream. All were fantastic! I'd be back, if I lived in the area. :-)We decided to go were the locals eat. We went on a Saturday morning at 8am. Good thing new Orleans doesn't seem to wake up until after 10 on weekends. There was no wait. The food was so good!!!
I highly recommend the cinnamon bun freaking blew my taste buds up!!!
The Nutella banana cream was delicious as well.can't get enough of this place. the coffee, the donuts, the cheeseburger slider, the service- ALL amazing!Came in today for the first time. I got the whiskey ginger donut and the oyster slider. Everything was delicious! Probably the only thing I could say otherwise is that I wish the donut had more ginger on it (but again, not a big deal!!).The donuts are inventive and delicious.  I had a bacon maple donut on my birthday that made my day.  the koloches are amazing.  The lattes are always perfect and do not require any sugar.  There is so much more that District Donuts has to offer that I'll have to keep coming back to try other things on their menu.  However, thus far, I get to the counter and cave for donuts/kolaches every time.Why so much hype for this place?! Pineapple caramel donut was dry, flavorless, too big / dense and needs more caramel topping (see pics). Maybe the filled donuts are better but I'm not going to spend another $3.50 to find out. There has got to be a better donut in NOLA.I really wanted to like this place. Like really wanted to. But after a few trips, I've sadly come to realize that I don't love their donuts. The flavors are great and very creative, but they're just too doughy and dense for me. To be honest, when I read reviews mentioning how light and airy these donuts are, I'm a bit taken aback.
Maybe I'm missing the hype and have been heading in on bad days. Maybe they just make their donuts in a style that doesn't match my taste.The cinnamon roll is to die for. Seriously. Must get. Also loved the breakfast buns stuffed with sausage and bacon.These donuts are no joke!! Good thing we already walked up and down all of Magazine... We had a Chocolate and Banana Pudding Donut which were delicious.... Definitely worth the trek if your in town... Do it and walk Magazine again!!!Love this place! Best doughnuts in New Orleans.  They are delicious and big enough that you can be full off of just one.  
Only downfall is it can get pretty crowded on the weekends so just be prepared to wait a bit.  The line moves fairly quickly though and by the time you get your order there is normally a spot to sit down and enjoy.
Definitely recommend getting the latte.  The milk is on tap which is pretty cool, and the latte always comes out the perfect temperature.  No waiting around for 10 minutes for it to be drinkable.  The coffee bar is also pretty fast so had my drink within 2 bites of my breakfast.  
Last time I went I had the cinnamon roll and now it's going to be hard to get anything else!  The icing was so good and the crystallize the top of it almost like a creme brûlée.This is my favorite burger spot in New Orleans out side of port of call. I'm from a city that has varieties of foods and moving to New Orleans I had been very uncomfortable with the selection until I stumbled across this little spot!!!! We originally walked in when a Cinnabon being prepared for a customer caught our eye FYI the donuts and the Cinnabon is amazing! Well long story short we ended up staying for a min and ordering the burger between wedges and chees burgers and chicken something (lol wasn't my favorite) but overall it was ALL great I'm a happy every other week customer nowThis place has been a fantastic addition to the Lower Garden District. We've been lacking donuts for years and district has finally made it happen. They have some of the best donuts in the city. Their staff is friendly there's spot is trending and their coffee is great! And if it's too late in the day for donuts they also have a very unique menu of Sliders.Fun, family-friendly atmosphere. Creative treats. I would not recommend the plain glazed donuts. However, highly recommend the cinnamon roll and their coffee! Also great customer service! The employees seem to really love what they do and where they work.So, outside of Mark in NYC, these were the best sliders I've ever had. Add in amazing donuts and it's frankly a bit surprising that I ever left. I'm not typically a fan of the burger/donut combo, but the Croque Monsieur was pretty awesome. Also, the guys serving us were extremely friendly, which was a nice change from your typical hipsteresque spot.Uncommonly cool food. Extremely forward thinking and trendy, this relatively new Irish Channel hot spot brings flavor and nuance to an hip community with no pretensions. The artwork and seating arrangements is very inviting. With a great environment to match the laid back lifestyle of the neighborhood, its the perfect place to drop in at random and find no disappointment. 
The donuts are an exceptional presentation of colors and variety, redefining the old conception of the coffee-soaker, deep fried breakfast replacement. Not unlike high end French pastries, the variety of flavors and concoctions is experimental and innovative. Try the maple sriracha. Time and time again, it blows my mind away as one of the most original pastry ideas I've ever come across. 
Their sliders are a hunger cure. Try three different ones every time you come, and you'll probably never have the same combination more than once. Going with the regular selection is a great idea, but don't miss out on selections like beef belly or bulgogi with Kim-chi. 
The staff is extremely gracious and they keep the place very clean, always servicing the huge espresso machine. On that note, they will weigh your espresso before and after brewing to provide the best acidity, all grains coming form Atlanta's 1000 Faces. 
Grab some beer next door at steins and walk over and enjoy. Or grab some donuts and go over to steins for beer. Whatever way you do it, this is a happening weekend spot. 
I look forward to coming here for a long time.Next time I'll skip the Monte cristo and the madam....they were delicious, but the others were to die for. I should have bought more doughnuts. Next time, I'll buy so e to bring home.Absolutely amazing! My husband and I wanted some donuts and this place truly delivered! They have fancy donuts that are fabulous!!! I ordered the daily special dough la mode and 4 different donuts- coconut creme, NOLA, cinnamon roll, and chocolate orange. All amazing! Will be coming back for sure!Incredible donuts and fresh, well cooked sliders. The bar appearance is deceiving... no alcohol unless you bring it (get it next door at Steins and use the chiller at District). Haven't tried the coffee yet but it looks great! The slider features are continuously rotating and are creative. Great atmosphere and a compliment to the area of Magazine Street. Had the cheeseburger sliders, duck slider and BLT with 1/2 inch thick bacon. Yum!Great sliders, donuts and coffee!  The daily taco is also very delish.  If I had to give a critique it would be to find a way to process orders quicker. Often you have to wait in line to order more than 20 minutes.  It's worth the wait but can be discouraging when you're nursing a hangover.Came in to New Orleans to celebrate my aunt's 50 birthday. Arrive at 7:00 AM and this was one of the only places open in the morning in the Garden District. The donuts and kolaches are to die for. Liked it so much I bought more to share with everyone back at the house. Also they played great 70s and 80s rock during my visit. Will come back here next time I am in town.I'm not sure what the hype is about for this place. Ordered two donuts, two sliders, waffle cheese fries and iced tea. The donuts were nothing to write home about, didn't taste particularly fresh and there weren't many options to chose from. Most of the ones in the delicious looking yelp pics were not available. I went around 12pm so perhaps coming in the morning you may have a better experience. 
 The sliders were good, a little pricey at $3.25 a pop when two definitely aren't going to fill you up. The waffle fries themselves were pretty good, stay away from the cheese sauce though. It was waaay too thick and just had an odd consistency overall. It tasted like the time I tried to make homemade nacho cheese sauce at home, it had a roux consistency but for my personal tastes, didn't pair well with the fries or even taste particularly cheesy.
Not worth the price in my opinion but I did enjoy the atmosphere.Unique donut flavors and delicious breakfast sandwiches. 
District Donuts is a quirky restaurant with yummy breakfast options. The donut flavors change regularly, so don't get too attached to a specific flavor.
 I have yet to try their sliders, but have heard good things.Got the banana split, chocolate glaze and mocha donut. Chocolate glaze was very rich and I don't like too rich so it wasn't for me but the banana split was delicious. Didn't really taste like a banana split, more like a cream puff flavored with a lil banana but I liked it. It's about $2 per donutThis place gets 5 stars for that Cinnamon roll. One of the best cinnamon rolls I have ever tried. Donuts are not greasy.I love this place for its cool atmosphere and Ny style decor. I grabbed a king cake donut slice and a glazed and I have to say I was not blown away. 
The glazed donuts are a bit more cake-like which isn't necessary bad but I think for the size there needs to be a bit more glaze on it.  Te king cake had an interesting flavor to it which I though was just cinnamon but I think it's a combo of other things that maybe I am just not used to. 
Good, will go back, but not 100% sold yet...The donuts.... the donuts.... the biscuits... the cinnamon roll. Yassssss! And I love yalls waffle fries! Come here for just a donut; not going to happen! Call up your friends and family and ask them if they would like one because the flavors are out of the world and what is better than a doughnut sampler..... 
Great place and great values. Love the ice coffee tooI'm never disappointed by anything that I get here. You can't go wrong with one of their donuts and a side of cold brew. Their sliders are a bit on the pricey side  to me but tasty nonetheless if you're willing to pay the price.Line was waaaaaay too long.  Donut was HUGE.  Got the New Orleans Cream Donut - was not told that there would be rum flavoring in it - who knew or thought to ask???  got the chocolate milk - very unimpressed with it.  i've made better with hershey chocolate milk mix.  
will be a long time before i go back, if ever.Walked to District Donuts on my lunch break from work. I've been wanting to try that place for a while and I am so glad I did!
I did not put 5 stars because I was hoping to try their bacon donut but they did not have it at the time.
I bought 2 huge donuts (for less than $6 in total): mango & pink peppercorn and cuba libre. A perfect lunch on a cheating day!This place rocks! My husbands and I ordered the croque Madame and the Monte Cristo to get a taste for their savory donuts, and a few sweet donuts for the road. Holy. Crap. So good. We loved everything we tried and had the opportunity to also meet the owner. Down to earth guy that knows his breakfast foods. Please open a location in Dallas!Had to visit the hype of the donut boom here in Nola... so naturally I had this business bookmarked. The vibe of the cafe/order and take a seat was nice and easy, it had a flow that made me feel comfortable and no over selling was made. 
since  it was lunch time, I ordered a little gem salad which I'm very happy they have a couple of veggie friendly options available, I also ordered the bulgogi on a bib of lettuce, it was quite filling and very nice tasty! I highly recommend trying this option. I also ordered a cortado which was nice and strong. They have limited seating as either you sit at an order sized table or you sit in a high top stool/ bar like style. The music they were playing was R&B which made it hip and fun to listen to while eating. I also liked the space where they made the sandwiches, it was open and you can see how the prepare their lite bites, I think the donuts are made in the other location as you only see them on racks... it might be better that you don't see what goes into the donuts else you might want to do a months worth of cardio, to melt the butter off your hips. But of course try a donut at least a bite. I ordered The Monte Cristo croquenut to go, so let's see how it holds up in the middle of the night when I try it!This place is so popular on the weekends. The line moves pretty fast but get here early for seating. The donuts are large, delicious, and made in-house from scratch. I will always be drawn to bourbon infused anything.
The sliders are good and the coffee is great for the area. It can get kind of smokey due to the open kitchen in the middle of the room and lack of ventilation. 
Flavors and items rotate so when you come in here, there's likely something new to try. They keep the menu simple, use quality ingredients, and provide tasty options.There were two occasions were I didn't see people working washing their hands.  Both were when I sat at the bar to sit, so I was there for about an hr each time.  One time, the cook with long, greasy hair and a small trimmed beard did not wash his hands ONCE.  He continually touched the sliders by the sides I guess to make sure they were warm.  But he did it with other sliders. My friends, that's called cross-contamination.  That was one example. They don't wear gloves. The cooks with long hair have their hair exposed.  
I wrote to district about it. They never responded.  Then, I wrote a review with a picture showing the people working putting their shoes on the counter (See Instagram).  However, the review was taken down.  This says a lot about the establishment.  They keep their griddle clean around the kitchen, but I'm sorry, that's not enough. Plus it's unprofessional. These people obviously don't care, because they have swarms of tourists visiting every weekend.  
If you're kitchen is exposed, you have to own up.  There's a number of health violations there.
If you don't believe me see Jenni C's report from DC.
My suggestion for locals is to take your money elsewhere to other, better establishments throughout the city. Tourists, ride with caution.What a cool atmosphere , the place succeeds in being post modern and cozy at the same time.   I liked being there.  I did not have the hamburgers which looked good and popular.  This is about the doughnuts.  If you really love doughnuts you will probably be disappointed in these.  There is a weird texture to them that is quite breadlike, they reminded us of very plain kingcake.  
They are very oversized ,looking like small pillows.  The basics were the best.  The cinnamon doughnut and the pink sugar one were the best if you accept that this is really a doughnut.  The custard filled and chocolate glazed seemed good at first but soon you taste that subliminal chemical taste of industrial strength custard and chocolate icing. All this stuff seems from commercial mixes.  
It gets really scary when you get to the so called fancy doughnuts.  Chocolate mint has a weird brown filling that tastes like spearmint toothpaste.  The thyme flavored was completely unedible and the peanut butter and jelly had a cheap canned "jelly" surrounded by fake whipped cream atop a doughnut filled with a weird peanut like filling.  On of my friends observed that they should have just sliced a doughnut and used real peanut butter and jelly inside. If you are not a doughnut nut these might work for you.
The people working there were so nice, loved the place would go back  but as a doughnut lover ...i would never go back for  the doughnuts.Never was a donut person until this place... hands down my weakness. I LOVE this place.So. Good. I had a salted caramel donut and a cinnamon roll donut. Told myself I'd only eat half of each one, and couldn't wait to eat the rest the same afternoon. I took the food and coffee to go, and they packed everything up to make it super easy to carry. Great location/ambience too. Next time we are in NOLA, we will make a point to go back.I love the look and feel about this cute place!
Workers were very helpful to guide me to which coffee would fit me. 
I got the lemon blueberry donut which really tangy but good! Too bad they ran out of the cinnamon roll brûlée. I'll be back for you!
I also got the cold brew with condense milk. I forgot what he called it but he recommended that one since I wanted an over iced sweet coffee. And it was just that! Perfectly sweet coffee! 
Totally recommended and definitely coming back to try the foodA truly unique experience. You can tell that everybody in this place cares about putting out great food and drink. The coffee was fantastic. We got two donuts and two breakfast sandwiches. Everything was excellent. 
We got the Friday chicken breakfast sandwich and the pork belly breakfast taco. I really can't pick a favorite of the two. Both were very well designed breakfast items. If I went back I'd get both again just to show them off to whoever I'm traveling with. 
This place is the real deal. Perhaps my most memorable meal in New Orleans...ever.Nitro brew coffee on tap --- pure perfection. I'm a bit of a coffee aficionado and had heard about this place through Bon Appetite magazine. It definitely didn't disappoint. The coffee itself was phenomenal. So rich and tasty - sweet enough not to need any doctoring up. The donuts too were out of the park - had the mango pink peppercorn and enjoyed it immediately. The flavors were amazing together and the mango was almost as pure as mango pulp itself! The coffee though is definitely the charm. Way to go - best coffee of my life.Hmmm donuts! They rotate through most flavors so it kind of just depends when you are there. Besides donuts, they also serve some savory foods. Most of the people there were eating lunch.
Chocolate Donuts with Homemade Sprinkles - Amazing
Brown Butter Drop - Baked donut hole, dense as it should be but still great
Cinnamon Roll - This was really good. Had the perfect amount of sweetness, cinnamon, and texture.We found the info about this place on Pinterest. I'm so glad we did! We where visiting the Garden District anyway and we took a short cab ride over. It was so good! Very cool atmosphere, and the donuts and donut sandwiches, which have a fancy name where AMAZING!!This food is dam good.  The sliders were amazing. I recommend getting the brown bag special (two sliders, fries and homemade soda). If you have a small appetite consider sharing.  Don't let the size of the sliders fool you they are filling. And don't you dare go without getting a donut.  They're the best donuts in New Orleans.Introduced to this by a friend and fell in love with it. I always make it a point to try something different each time here, especially the donuts. I don't normally have a sweet tooth, but this place changes it for me.#nomnationSupper yummy!!!!! I had the Nutella donut, Vietnamese coffee and a chicken slider. The only thing I didn't like it was crowded and not much seating but other than that I would totally go again.This was my first time at District Donuts and the hype from my friends made me really excited to try it.
First- I lucked out with parking in the lot attached. I think there are around 15 spots back there, and it's a little tight. 
Second-I really like the atmosphere of District Donuts - it was like this urban hipster (in the absolute best way) place. 
Third- umm...YUM!! The donuts are so creative and Ssoooo good. I had a jelly donut and my friend ordered the tiramisu. Both were awesome. My friend's tasted exactly like the dessert. It was awesome. 
We also ordered coffee drinks. I got a delicious vanilla latte. It took a little bit of time for the drink to be made, but it was actually nice to enjoy my donut in the restaurant. 
The line seemed was not that bad when I got there around 9:30 on a Saturday. It goes fast :)
Overall thoughts: yum. I'll go there again for sure.Awesome sliders!!!!! Had the shrimp special, it wss to die for.  Must have in the rotation of favorite spots!The place is nice and the flavors of the donuts are okay, but the donut itself is bad. It's like eating paper or a po boy bread with sweet icing on it. Donuts here aren't good. Just eye catching.This place is really great. My son and I go about once a week. It has a hipster vibe. The doughnuts, croque monsier and monte cristo are beyond amazing. They have delicious and strong coffee. They also have sliders and beer but I'm usually there in the morning. Parking is a little tough sometimes but worth it. Everything tastes fresh and it's a fun place. They have a small patio in back where you can sit outside.Unique flavors, huge donuts, cold brew on tap & hipster ambience. District reminds me a lot of Los Angeles so I really wanted to love it but the donut execution was poor. 
Like Birdies in DTLA, the donut is a little on the dry side. I appreciate that the Pumpkin Cheesecake donut I ordered wasn't too sweet, but everything seemed off. There was way too much dough compared to the amount of pumpkin cream cheese filling. Meh. CA folks, this has nothing on sidecar or blue star unfortunately. 
Cold brew (they add chicory powder!) was good though!District Donuts is awesome! The donuts are the best thing to get. They are very reasonably priced considering the amazing flavors you get. The Pecan Pie donut was fabulous. The sliders are decent--a bit pricey at 4.50 for one. Overall, the place is a hidden gem. Definitely recommend visiting.Excellent donuts! Came here three times because the first two tries we missed the brûlée cinnamon roll. We finally got it and it did not disappoint. We also tried two sliders and they were tasty! Yummy chocolate chip cookie topped with salt just the way I like it! Great egg and bacon biscuit sandwich. Would be bad if we lived here. Friendly staff. Seems like a fun place to work.I'm now giving district donut a four star because their donut lacks. The donut itself is too dense. It has good flavor but if they were to make the donut dough softer I would give them a five star.Everyone knows that the unique donuts and beer at District are unmatched, but there are so many awesome surprises on their menu. Today, I tried their sack lunch, it came with two good sized beef sliders and an entire basket of waffle fries, with a drink. It was only 8 and a half bucks (usually around 10) because of my gf's teacher discount. I think the price was totally warranted and I might have a new menu favorite when I go in. A lot of people don't know about the seating out back, but with an awesome music selection it's the perfect place to grab a bite and chill out. Another solid shout out is that their tea is not the usually "Lipton special" that sits in a jug all day. There is a definite herbal fresh taste that totally unexpected. The atmosphere, food and people create the totally package and it's the reason they always get five star ratings.Family favorite of the places we ate during their visit to NOLA.  Cute atmosphere, unique (and huge!) donuts.  This is also a favorite of mine and my friends, who live here in New Orleans.The donuts and the sliders here are insane. It's so hard to just choose one thing!!! If you come with someone else that is willing to share, it helps so that you can indulge in a variety of options. 
Oh, and get the biscuit. I know, I know, you want donuts and sliders, how do you make room for the biscuit? I don't know what to tell you, you just do it. If you're walking or biking all day like we were, at least you will most likely burn it off. Either way though, you would be amiss not to try the biscuit. 
Ok, ok, ok. If you are trying to be good and are just going to get one thing, then I guess I would choose the donuts. Last time I was there, the Butterscotch Pecan was available and the cashier highly recommended it. Now, I do too! This may be the best donut I have ever had. It's a close tie with Blue's donut from the BPB Order the Yelp a while back. 
The only disappointing thing here is the coffee. I was not impressed at all by the espresso, and during my previous visit I found the brewed coffee to be just mediocre. That's OK though, my tummy was so happy with all the food that the coffee was just left to get cold in the corner.We ate here the first week it was open.  The lines were already out the door!  I think we had one each of the sliders on the menu that day.  My favorite was the pork belly one.  It was cooked perfectly and not chewing as pork belly can be some times.  We also had a bunch of donuts.  Their olive oil glaze and candied bacon was AWESOME!  It was not a combo I would have expected to like, but it worked!  The back patio wasn't finished yet, but the custom welded tables and chairs were well made and very comfortable.I have to give them 4 stars due to creativity in flavors. 
I was not a fan of the consistency of the donuts itself, but the toppings all make it up.
My favorite out of the 4 that I had was the Cookie Dough and the Cuban Libre. 
Both had fillings and maybe that's why it had put itself apart from the other 2. 
Too bad I couldn't try the maple bacon glazed, but this will be on my list on our trip back to NOLA.I came here hungry, left disappointed. The food tasted good, but the price and the quantity left my stomach feeling empty. Better off going to a tapas place - more variety for the money. The donuts were good , nothing out of this world. Service , well there not much of that as you only talk with the cashier and good luck getting your water refilled. Overall it's seems as it just not my kind of place.My favorite dessert place in the city. Always get their fancy filled donuts. Most recently had the banana pudding one which was divine with a nice iced coffee. The simple chocolate one cannot compare or really any of their simple donuts. Always get the filled ones! They usually have couple and they change all the time!The monte crisco did not disappoint! And the cinnamon roll!!!! Enjoyed it all. I wish I lived here so I could visit more often!!Brilliant minds at work here. Truly innovative things don't come along this often, and they're really doing great work and going above and beyond what a typical donut place would be. 
To be expected, there is nearly always a line, which is well deserved. They've truly mastered donuts, and take them to and other level. The spicy maple praline donut I had today was sheer perfection, albeit the size is truly more than one can probably handle (I had to take a nap post all of the sugar), and would probably be best done by splitting, or perhaps showing a bit of self restraint and having half later, as they are massive.
I'm yet to try the savory sliders, but I have every bit of faith that they're made with as much thought and compassion as are the donuts. The staff here is fantastic, and I'd definitely suggest following their instagram page. 
Wonderful coffee selection, too!Hmmm.. it's so tough to say, but I don't understand why places use the same doughnut dough base for every donut. I guess it would be fine if the topping:dough ratio was more even, but not so here. I find that the flavor of the topping tends to be overwhelmed by the dough, so I usually stick to the filled doughnuts. Love those. But my favorite thing about the place are the sliders and especially, the breakfast sandwiches. Oh be still my aching tummy!  they are so yummy and delicious!Love everything! Except the parfait.. Really wish they'd put more fruit and use different yogurt! Other than that A+++***Worth the cable car ride! Monte Cristo is amazing..only complaint it that we were rushed to order (so busy) that we forgot our drinks and fries..we just got back on line! Cinnamon Sugar donut is light and so tasty!Me and my cousin are traveling here. Love the decor, the one I had is too sweet for me, but I love the place.Iced Vanilla Latte, Vietnamese coffee, cold brew, chocolate chip cookie (sweet and salty) very good!I love this place and every time I have friends or family come to visit, I always bring them here. My last stop in I was disappointed to see that they had taken their turkey options off of the menu. If pork and beef are not in your diet, your menu options are extremely limited. Especially if you would like an AMAZING Croquenut.... Slightly bummed about the menu change, and disappointed that it changed to appeal to a smaller dietary group.A true 5 star, can't recommend enough.  Amazing creative donuts, awesome biscuits, great service, would tell anyone it is a must visit!Does this place have some of the best donuts in the world? If they don't I am shocked.  I had a donut in here that I can only discribe as outstanding. Fantastic, fabulous. The second one I had was just Meh..... I was kind of disappointed. I have been here several times and I cannot seem to get a consistent product. A donut that is fresh and yummy one day is dry and bland another. 
The service moves at a moderate pace. The first visit, the place was packed and it took a while. The second time, the place was empty and the service took even longer. They were almost out of coffee and gave us three half filled cups of warm coffee. It tasted old. If you have brew, right on your sign, shouldn't you have fresh coffee at all times? Just saying.
I have tried the sliders, and they are very tasty with quality ingredients, but they are a bit pricey.  This place is often a madhouse with horrible parking, but I continue to go back. If you are ever walking down Magazine and want a little break, try it out.Donuts, Sliders, and Brews!!!
I don't drink much anymore, but 2 out of 3 is just fine with me.  During our stay in NOLA, the gf found this place through, what else, Yelp.  Located in the Garden District, District Donuts Sliders Brew is a combination a of cafe, bar, donut stop, and a restaurant that specializes in sliders.  Yum, Yum, and Yum!
So, here we go...
-Chicken Sliders:  This was one of my orders.  Review the pictures and you can tell right away that this is one tasty slider.  I'm old school, so my preference in a slider is red meat.  However, their chicken slider does not disappoint.  Tender, tasty, and the bun was perfect. Good choice if you looking for some pollo in your diet. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=k29T0YDWDnUAnAzmUaPLWA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
-Cheeseburger Sliders:  I got two of these and expected more, especially since their chicken sliders were so good.  Don't get me wrong, the sliders weren't bad at all, but I do prefer a less greasy one.  Got two and still killed it. Remember...my mom didn't raise a quitter. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ydoUJVwV4V9djKGUca1FpQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
-Waffle Fries:  For someone that doesn't enjoy french fries, I did enjoy these.  I prefer steak fries if I'm going to have a potato sliced and fried. Their waffle fries are pretty close.  Golden, not burned.  Fried, not too salty.  Just right!!(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xUPlvqixgLDiSDYGyBo_jg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)
Other items on their menu include a BLT, which pimps a huge piece of bacon.  And let's not forget about their donuts.  I didn't try any but they looked delicious,  especially their Peanut Butter Cup.
Ambiance and Service:
Place is small, but not tiny.  There's still plenty of room and with their tall ceilings, you don't feel too cramped.  There's also dining outside or you can choose to eat at their bar.  The line starts at the door and yes, there's a line.  Service was pretty good and the food is ready pretty quick.  
Additional Photos:
-Peanut Butter Cup (Donut):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=00OZAmc0oJDCtw9M06WyBw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
-Maple Sriracha (Donut):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=G9CBvhRLQfqwcqGQSjMuyw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
-BLT (ie bacon on steroids):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WpaS2eV4OV6nPbvKZtvkuw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
-My Mark (FTF):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=L8nn50iFinhFOLuSuhA40A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (032/366)The donuts are NOT good. Horrible. Tastes like bread with glaze. We gave them multiple chances, but they never got any better. It's a popular place, so people tell themselves that it's good. It's not.Amazing..a must stop....we walked 2 mi each way to indulge two days in a row. The pork belly sliders were heavenly..crispy and sweet and the roll was soft and sweet. Almond milk lattes and donuts for dessert.. yes please! hopefully you have a group that likes to share so you can taste several flavors.Came for the fancy donuts and not disappointed. Got the almond joy because they didn't have the Samoa which is the one I had heard about and really wanted. Still very happy with the choice. My friend got the PB&J donut. He said it was delicious as well.Stopped in here before taking off to the airport. The donuts are the size of my hand and delicious. I had the muffuletta slider for lunch and it was to die for. Perfectly made and the donut was a nice change to the traditional caviars bread. The staff was friendly and vibrant. Adding this one to my must list next time in NolaThe donuts here are intense but really good. Not thinking while i was here i ordered a berries and cream donut, fried chicken sliders, beef sliders, and the monte cristo. All i would have again, extremely tasty. The fried chicken was perfectly fried and i loved the slaw that came on top of it.A friend who lives in NOLA recommended we try this place out because they're known for their tasty donuts and sliders. And boyyy was she right! I got the Black and Gold donut, a fried chicken slider, and a Nitro cold brew coffee. The donut was peanut butter glaze, dark chocolate, banana, and oreo crumble - it was good, but a bit too sweet for me. Though my friend got the Sangria donut and it had just the right amount of sweetness, it really depends I guess. The Chicken slider was amazing!  I loved how crispy yet light the fried chicken was and the slaw was finger-licking good!  Get the Nitro cold brew for a smooth and tasty beverage! Definitely recommend this place if you're in the uptown area!"Top donuts in the country? "
Okay. Whenever I read something that says "top ten blah blah of something in the us or state of" my wife and I are extremely hesitant because it sounds like a gimmick. After coming to experience this place first hand I can understand why you would make that statement. We visited on a Thursday 10:30amish with a line of 5 people. They don't serve sliders until 11am and this gave us a great opportunity to do both separately.
Ambience:
Alot of character and with a ton of regulars. They were on a first name basis with half the people in the place. Located on magazine st in the garden district. Artsy stuff. Nice street to walk, explore, and shop.
Food:
They categorize their donuts into 3 categories to simplify pricing. Reg/fancy/more fancy. This is brilliant as it speeds up the ordering but they still carry variety on their menu.
Glazed donut 4/5
This was a good, well balanced donut. Not overly sweet but had characteristics of what you expect from a donut. I prefer my donuts a bit under cooked but this didn't change the pillow like texture one would desire. The glaze was delicate yet slept on the donut. It didn't over power it at all.
French Toast donut 5/5
My wife had this one and was very surprised by the balance this donut had. Generally, donuts are rich and over the top in these types of establishments, but the donuts made here tasted like they had a plan and they were going to make it their way and not please us the customer. I have alot of respect for these places.
Fried chicken slider 4/5
Small in stature but tasty, balanced and filling. Don't let this slider fool you. It makes a statement with all the pieces it carries: the slaw was amazing, the chicken fried and seasoned properly, to the pickled jalapeño. Great combination.
Pork belly slider 3/5
This slider is very popular among their clientele. Good slider. Picked onion brings nice tart and cuts richness of the belly, the herbs leaves brings a certain bitterness that contrasted the fattiness of the belly. The belly itself was properly cooked. Slow roasted ahead of time then heated up on the flat top for crust. Seasoned well and you get that concentration of the cure. I would have had less of a dry brine imo, but that's just me. My wife says I'm being picky.
Drink:
Cold brew. 4/5
I enjoyed this and honestly had to settle for this. They normally have the Nitro cold brew but it wasn't working today. On a Louisiana humid sunny day there is nothing like proper iced coffee.
Service:
Friendly but for sure they cater to the locals. They aren't here for tourists and they shouldn't baby the tourists. 5/5Love this place.  Top 5 restaurants to visit on Magazine.  Coffee is fantastic and the food rivals the top restaurants in the area. This place definitely isn't just donuts. This menu is next level. Leave the diet at the door because this place is worth the splurge.This place was big and had a rustic interior. It was busy but the service was pretty fast. The donuts were huge and the flavors were pretty clever. The texture is between cakey and light like a regular donut. The cold brew was dark and delicious.I wish I had this place at home! Amazing. I couldn't decide and wanted one of everything. I ended up getting the pork belly slider, waffle fries and a cinnamon roll. They torched the cinnamon roll to Carmelize and it was unreal! Everything was so good. I would definitely go back to try the donut sandwiches and some of the other delicious flavor a of donuts they had. Don't miss! They also have great coffee!I genuinely question the sanity of anyone who does not absolutely love this place. This is one of the most outstanding places I have ever eaten, and I am often tempted to drive the 6+ hours to NOLA just to get a box of their donuts. 
District donuts does not mess around. There's a line around the block for this place for very good reason. Not because it's hip or trendy or an Instagram fad, but because it's actually THAT good. Have you ever had a croque monsieur or madame made with a donut instead of boring old bread? Have you ever watched someone brulee a cinnamon roll to somehow make it even more amazing? I bet you didn't even know that it was possible to brulee a cinnamon roll, did you?! Well, now you know. And you should try it immediately. 
This place is so many of my dessert dreams come true. I cannot wait to visit again!Completely over rated. Small selection of donuts with toppings and they didn't taste that great.Great coffee.  My favorite is the biscuit with praline bacon and egg. But the donuts are great  too.  Lot of great choices.  Try them all!!!I was told that Port of Call was THE place to go for the best burger in NOLA, but I truly believe the only people saying that are the people that haven't eaten at District! My boyfriend ordered the double cheeseburger, and I ordered the Croque Madame per the recommendation of Mike, the awesome guy working that took our order! Without being overly dramatic, I'm pretty sure their double cheeseburger is, hands down, the juiciest burger I've ever had the pleasure of tasting (my boyfriend let me have a bite) in my entire life! The Croque Madam is equally delicious, as they use a griddled donut (no glaze) as the bun, so you get this decadent sweet/salty combination! The donut does a fabulous job soaking up the melted Havarti cheese and runny yolk from the sunnyside up egg they top the sandwich with...yum! Writing this review makes me want to go back for a second round of deliciousness!! The only thing I wish they would add as a permanent menu item is the double cheeseburger atop a griddled donut bun...that sweet/salty combination would absolutely take the cake! You could easily think, "A donut store with burgers??? Riiiight!" and continue walking by because donuts and burgers together doesn't make a whole lot of sense, but DO YOURSELF A FAVOR! Put this place on the top of your list to try in NOLA!! Oh, and the donuts are good too ;) please bring District to KC!!!My favorite part was the atmosphere! It was just what we were looking for: a non-touristy, innovative take on classic foods. The sliders were delicious, the house salad was to die for, and the Monte Christo was out of this world! 
Their famous donuts are gorgeous, each looking like pieces of art. 
The staff is friendly and welcoming. Lots of locals frequent here, tipping us off to a true find of a restaurant. 
As a creative, I would definitely make this a frequent stop if I was a local. It would be a great place to meet with friends, or to be inspired to write.The best restaurant I have been to! The sliders are the best sandwiches you will get! The BLT is the best! Great coffee and atmosphere! The staff is also amazing! For sure a must try!Doughnuts were a miss with me, but the sliders redeemed them... I can see why people dig them... I just personally am not a huge fan...This place was so good. I had 2 of the cheeseburger sliders and the cheese waffle fries. The burgers were super juicy and topped with fresh ingredients. The fries had an awesome cheese sauce. The service was good considering the place was packed. Definitely recommend stopping here!They have cinnamon rolls! I don't know if this is a new thing or if they just never had them on a day I visited previously, but OH MY GOSH WOW YUM HOORAY YIPPEE. They are seriously some of the best things I've ever eaten. And yes, this is in the plural, because of course I had to go back and get more. 
Just updating my review to provide this information as a public service. Everything else remains delicious.District is definitely good, but it's more like eating a piece of cake. Personal rule, if the line is past the tap handles, it's not worth the wait. 
The cinnamon roll doesn't get a lot of love but its the best thing on their menu. They torch it right before serving to you. That and coffee is pretty awesome.What can I say? The donuts are HUGE and DELICIOUS! They served as our breakfast on two different occasions. We ordered takeout so I don't have a good read on the store vibe...but if you're staying near or passing through the 2200 block of Magazine Street, it's worth a stop. Hopefully we'll be able to try the sliders next time!Donuts are good, but the real star is the food.
Their donuts and coffee are great- fun flavors that were seriously delicious and worth the diabetic coma HOWEVER their porkbelly breakfast tacos were what had us coming back for seconds. Be prepared to wait if you get there past 9 though! Highly recommend for a quick but super yums breakfast.Wow, what a treasure. Visited with my wife around 11am and we ordered the fish and chicken slider, cheese fries, and two doughnuts. Amazing food! The chicken was by far the best, and waffle fries with cheese were delicious. We had the mardi gras and brownie doughnut. My wife is more of the "sweet tooth" but I enjoyed the doughnuts a bunch. The line is around 15 people back but moves quickly. They have limited amount of seats but makes for a great atmosphere. I will almost certainly be back and will spread the word.This is the most deserving five starts I have ever given. While visiting New Orleans I found district donates via a hashtag on Instagram. BEST DISCOVERY OF OUR TRIP. After all the bloody Mary's, memos as, crawfish ... These donuts were so exceptional.  The store does a rotation of seven donuts and has everything from wedding cake to s'mores to maple bacon. I was a little apprehensive at first because I thought they would be over the top sweet/filling, but I am telling your, they weren't!!! District donuts does it right. Oh and after our donuts we went back and ordered a fried chicken slide and a burger slider that were just as impressive.SO good. Hearty sized donuts with unique variations. Not open very late, but perfect for a morning bite after a late night.Oh my gosh, are these donuts amazing!! The cinnamon roll and cream filled fruit one completely rocked my world.Wacky flavored donuts, like the "Elvis" with bacon, banana, and peanut butter, and "Late Night Snack" with potato chips on top. Breakfast special tacos (today's was pork belly), homemade biscuits and other baked goods until 11 AM. Good coffee, and soda water on tap! If you're in the neighborhood, it's definitely worth a visit.Yum! The sliders here were amazing and the cinnamon sugar donut was light, fluffy and fresh! I wish we had noticed the seating out back before we ate cuz it's really cute & cozy back there- next time! I loved the cheeseburger slider and also the fried chicken slider. They are messy, but finger lickin' good!! Their oyster slider special was just ok. 
I love sliders and this place is great!! Check it out and definitely get one of their donuts. They make different flavor donuts every day! Check them out on social media to find out the donut flavors for the day.This is a tough review for me.
I love donuts. Growing up, a lit "HOT NOW" sign followed by a warm Krispy Kreme donut was a favorite scenario of mine. Rightfully so yeast donuts have always been my favorite until I grew older and couldn't deal with the excessive sweetness and converted to an occasional cake donut  
I heard all the rave about this place when I moved here and I just knew I found the perfect way to satisfy my donut crave without being too sweet like Krispy Kreme or too dense like Dunkin. I think hearing everyone else talk so much about it clouded my judgement and I just thought they were the best hands down. After that excitement wore off I returned and I was able to think on my own how I felt about them. 
As for the donut itself I could go without. It's dry and not usually what I think of as a real donut (in my opinion) when it comes to taste. Not yeast-y but also not cake-y. It's definitely it's own breed. 
What keeps me coming back however, are the toppings. These guys are always making up the best flavor combos using just about anything u can think of as inspiration. They post the donut lineup of the day on their Instagram every morning so you know which they are offering on that day. Between the varieties of the flavors along with their levels of sweetness everyone is sure to find something they like. 
They have an entire menu outside of the donuts though. Usually 3 slider options for the day. Your usual coffee drinks and teas plus soda and juiced veggies. 
They do have wifi and indoor as well as 2 outdoor seating locations. I love the open kitchen and hearing the buzz of all the customers in and out. Definitely a place to at least try once.This place is rightfully votes among the best doughnuts in New Orleans and recently I see them garnering national attention. Everything they do here is fun, creative and fresh. They worked very hard on social media campaign when they first opened and that was what sucked me into this Vortex of fried dough and mouthwatering combinations. They change daily so follow them on Instagram to see the special of the day.Awesome vibe and delicious food to snack on. I'd love to spend an afternoon here reading a whimsical novel or biography while chowing down on sliders and donuts.
I'd like to get a hold of their playlist...Can you say Amazing!! And how many languages can you say it in? I was extremely happy with everything from the service, to the cold brew (best ever), to the sliders, to the waffle fries, to the last but for sure not least the donuts! Yes, I tried everything! The cold brew coffee is perfection! Honestly of all the cold brew or other ice coffee I have had in the past, nothing comes close! The cold brew at District is full bodied & out of this world!!!! Order it!!  I enjoyed the burger slider, the chicken slider, and the Bulgogi slider. (Bulgogi = Korean BBQ beef tenderloin, Asian pear-rhubarb slaw, Kim chi mayo). The sliders were all perfectly crafted! I would suggest to everyone don't mess with the sliders. Meaning, order them how they are presented in the menu because they are well thought out. The fries were great just add salt and pepper or try with the cheese sauce. I did salt and pepper today. For the grand finale, donuts! The brown butter pistachio donut is wonderful! It's light and flavorful, and the best donut I've ever eaten!
I've eaten my fair share over the years. 
I will be recommending District to everyone I come across from now on, and I'll be back for more!!!
Extra note: District has off the street parking. It's easy to miss because the sign is covered up, but it's there. Parking lots are rare on Magazine street, and the meter maids are no joke here.After a big lunch, we decided to swing by District Donuts and give the donuts here a try. Being in the middle of the afternoon, there wasn't a long line, and getting seating inside wasn't too hard either. The vibe is pretty relaxed, with a spacious feel, some industrial finishes, and spacious booths, bar seating, and some outdoor spots as well if you want to sit down. Most of the attention was focused on the donuts, but as the name suggests, they also serve sandwiches and coffee here - so a little bit of everything for everyone. We ended up sticking with donuts, trying out the chocolate glaze, spicy maple praline, and cookies and cream.
How'd it shake out? To be honest, I was a bit underwhelmed given the hype that I had seen on here (and other places on the Internet). The donuts are very much on the thicker and denser side, and outside of the maple praline, I didn't think the frosting really stood out relative to other donuts I have had. I do have a soft spot in my heart (and belly) for maple donuts, which explains why I liked that the best flavor-wise - but it also didn't have any hint of spiciness at all, which makes me wonder why the description even bothered. The chocolate glazed donut was very average to me, and the cookies and cream was also pretty generic...there was only a small sprinkling of cookies on top.
Overall, the donuts are different from what you'd pick up at a Krispy Kreme or Dunkin' Donuts, but it didn't measure up to the uniqueness (and tastiness) of other donut-centric shops that I have been to. I would like to come back and try the sandwiches, which looked tasty, but from a donut standpoint, I came away full but a bit disappointed relative to expectations.Wow, New Orleans truly has more to offer than just the French Quarter. I don't even like donut that much but I decided to try and wow, Love them! The donut does not taste oily like other stores'. We actually came back twice within two days timeframe to get more. 
The Mexican Chocolate, Sangaia, Brown Sugar Cake Donut, Lemon Blueberry and Pork Belly Kolaches were good. 
Why they don't get my 5th star? The server boldly asked for more tip from us. 
I would come back for the food thoughCoffee is solid, I got the drip brew. My wife and I tried five of their sliders. Tuna, BLT, Blackened Chicken, Burger, and Fried Chicken. All of them were amazing. The fries are just run-of-the-mill waffle fries, which means they're great,  but nothing to write home about. 
Can't comment on the donuts. They look amazing, but I don't eat sweets.Whenever we're in the area, or having guests visiting we always make sure to get our fix. By fix, I mean those delicious fancy donuts and sliders at District Donuts. Passion goes into their donuts, their so sinful, and out of this world. When you walk into the shop, you can tell that the staff members take pride in what they do. The Vietnamese coffee is the best, and the tofu sliders are perfection. After your indulgence you can go for a walk down Magazine Street. Love this place.By far the best donut I have ever had. And the cold brew coffee was amazing !! But have to say there was quite a group of us so we ordered many different donuts and the hands down winner was .......(drum roll) the grilled Cubano on a donut ?!?!? I know sounds crazy but is was the best Cubano I have eaten and I just came from Maimi!!!YUMM... The sliders were amazing. I had the Bulgogi and my hubby had the chicken...AMAZING! So full of flavor!!! I was a little disappointed they weren't making the Nutella donut that day, I got the pink lemonade...it was ok, a little too tart for my taste buds, though. Hubby had the chocolate orange and he loved it! Next trip I hope they have Nutella donut!!This place reminds me of Portland/Seattle. I only had one (gigantic) doughnut, the lemon icebox, it was a bit too sweet. Being a doughnut place I expected it to be on point. I recommend getting multiple chicken sliders because they are delicious. The bread is nice and the chicken is cooked perfectly! This place is busy, so I'd go before or after lunch time. You order at the counter and wait for your name to be called when your order is ready. There is free water available at the bar.Awesome sliders, tried 3 different ones and ready to go back. Good value so it's not gonna break the bank! Try it!Everything is awesome here, I just wish I could take this place back to CT with me!  Donuts are the best I have ever eaten and I have been to all the country's best.  Today was the 4th, so I had their special donuts, but every donut is a crowd pleaser.While a bit cramped for dine in during the morning hours, it is more than worth it. The donuts are amazing, but I'd recommend the breakfast biscuit sandwiches. Great coffee, and great food, can't go wrong!While exploring NOLA me and the bf were looking for a chill meet up place with some friends.  We Yelped 'coffee shops' and this little gem popped up.  Service-- good, atmosphere-- great, donuts-- awesome! The interior is lined with old red brick and the air wafts of hot donuts and fresh brewing coffee. Seating inside lines the wall side with a few booths and the other side with old style bar  stools; there's also an outside patio with hanging Edison lights. The prices are a little on the yuppie end for what you get but every bite is worth it's weight in calories I'm sure.  I would def like to return to this joint for another sampling and relaxing vibes.Very Hipstery and quaint! Kinda reminds me of a prohibition era speak-easy with all of the wood and lighting! I love that you can see everything going and being made if your sitting at the bar! I got the sopapilla donut and iced coffee, but their menu changes every day I heard! Absolutely amazing! The donut was light and fluffy, I probably could have eaten a dozen! The iced coffee was smooth and delicious, but I'm a coffee addict so any douse of caffeine is sensational! Definitely a dive and worth sitting, enjoying the atmosphere, and a lovely donut or several!!Changed my conception of what a donut can be. We got five different donuts, ginger lemon, sugared, brownie, strawberry, and banana cream. I tried them in that order and each was more amazing than the last. I almost passed on the banana cream because the "cream" that most places use tends to be pretty gross. This donut, however, was filled with real cream flavored with the essence of about a thousand ripe, delicious bananas. If this donut somehow became a human, I would turn it back into a donut because its deliciousness is greater than the inherent value of human life.
We also got two breakfast biscuits, fried chicken, and bacon and egg. The biscuits are fantastic. The fried chicken was perfect and the "miso gravy", which sounded iffy, was great. Espresso was good too.Holy cow! The donuts are three times the size of most, and AT LEAST that many times more tasty. The coffee is superb. The service friendly. I can't wait for lunch!
Only one small negative: PLEASE GET THE DOLE WHIP MACHINE FIXED!I came here twice during my few days in Nola for a conference, but I only checked in once for fear of ridicule. These donuts are sweet cakey goodness. If there is a line, wait in it. Get one of the special donuts, I had the lemon blueberry. OMG. I went back again for another one. I ate it with a fork and though I felt really bourgie, I didn't care. It was yum. Thankfully I rode my bike from the conference center so I got to work some of it off on the way back.This was a great find! Thank you for the recommendation Yelp! It has a fabulous donut selection and the menu was very unique. The wait staff were wonderful! Atmosphere was energetic and clean! The coffee is to die for!!! Black, Rich, bitter and flavorful!Absolutely amazing! While in New Orleans and walking around Magazine St my group and I decided to pop into District Donuts and we didn't regret a thing! When we walked in there was a small line that moved very fast. Getting up to order there was an array of donuts on display to choose from. I went with the White Chocolate Raspberry donut and a black coffee. We found an open table and started digging it. Hands down one of the best donuts I have ever had. Between the group we all sampled each other's and they were all amazing. The donut itself was very fluffy and not too dense. The outer edges of the donut were crispy. The frosting was the exact flavor that it was supposed to be. Of course the donut was very sweet and only one person was able to finish theirs (they are pretty decent in size), it was a fantastic find! Throughout the rest of the trip we found ourselves wanting to go back but we knew we had to try other restaurants on our list. All in all, good atmosphere, great food! Would highly recommend and I plan to return.Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!!!! We stopped in around 12:45pm on a Tuesday for something sweet and my wife and I were very pleased. We ordered the Cinnamon Roll and the Strawberry Cheesecake Donut. They called our order very quickly and the deserts were so good!!! Great Place!!!The donuts were underwhelming. I had seen these on all the Must Visit Restaurant sites for New Orleans and was excited about it, being that we were visiting. The cashier was extremely rude and not helpful at all. The donuts were over rated. Just a bunch of dense bready dough with sugary toppings. Not flavorful, exciting, or innovative. They're trying to be trendy, but they're failing. I prefer basic donuts over this place.Great donuts in the Garden district. DD was a block from our Airbnb and we went there 2 times! So good and I love the atmosphere. Casual and local. I'm sure there were lots of visitors like us but it didn't feel like a touristy place. 
I ordered the cinnamon donut.. perfection!Dinner at "District Donut Slider Brews".
So tonight we decided to try somewhere new in the Garden District of New Orleans, Louisiana for food and we stumbled upon this place after our first choice was closed down(Yelp hadn't updated their page, so thanks for that, Yelp!) which ended up being a blessing in disguise!
The restaurant itself is quite long and narrow with seating available on the left and the cashier/bar/cooking areas located down the right. Along the side of the bar are bar stools for those who wish to have easy access to drinks/the workers through out their meal. Being able to see the food being prepared right in front of you in a nice touch as if you're paranoid about food preparation, you'll see there are no nasty surprises awaiting you.
So we(yes, "we", I didn't eat all that food myself!) ended up ordering a cheese burger slider, fried chicken slider, and two others(I didn't eat those) along with a side of fries. The sliders were delicious. A nice crisp bun with well cooked beef(cheese burger) and chicken(fried chicken) with appropriate dressing made the sliders an excellent experience. The fries were also quite good, had a nice crunch to them, no complaints at all.
For dessert, we ordered a 7 Layer Donut and an Elvis Donut. The 7 Layer was fantastic. Now, the 7 Layers are actually 7 different toppings but I can't remember most. What I remember, there was caramel, pecan, and coconut.  It was really delicious! The Elvis Donut..I didn't think too much of this one. It had caramel, bacon, and bananas. Three things I enjoy but definitely not when put together. 
Overall, the meal was very satisfying and very tasty. I highly recommend it to anyone who is in the New Orleans area.Let me start by saying I love donuts. Every city I travel to I find the local spot to indulge.. And I thought district donuts would be appropriate. Donuts looked good and the local vibe of the shop was appealing. 
I ordered a variety of donuts.. And was disappointed to find that all of them lacked flavor. It was hard to tell which donut was a certain flavor because they all appeared bland and boring. I would say the wedding cake donut was my favorite because the texture somewhat resembles a wedding cake. 
The coffee here really stole the show. I would return for an iced coffee.. But not a donut.The donuts and drinks lack flavor and are consistantly poor (been 3 times). Shame really as there aren't too many other options available near by. Coffee beans over roasted, tea drinks are weak - even the hot chocolate could barely do more than look extremely similar to regular milk. Chocolate milk at the nearby gas station would have been SO much better.
Donuts lacked initial flavor and went down hill from there. I love donuts. I follow donut stores on Instagram from around the world. This was the pre-sliced white loaf bread at the grocery store equivelant - mushy, unfulfilling on all levels and a pale shade of what it could have been. There is no reason fruit fillings shouldn't taste of fruit, chocolate be some variation of plain and a there should never be a moment when someone compares a donut to pre-sliced, store bought white bread.Ok, I'll get to the food but THE BEST ALMOND MILK LATTE EVER!!!! Don't forget the coffee because you will be easily distracted. Amazing donuts. I had the Vietnamese iced coffee filled donut and nearly cried. Really, I needed a minute. It was ridiculously wonderful. Tofu sliders simple and perfect. I would live here if I could somehow prevent the inevitable weight gain.Ordered a miso praline and olive oil donut and it was delicious! It just didn't taste like miso or olive oil. There was bacon on it which pretty much overpowered the flavor. But it was still one of the best donuts I've had (fluffy and not overly greasy), considering the increase in gourmet donut shops in Los Angeles. 
Also got a 12 oz. cold brew, which wasn't very acidic, but the flavor wasn't smooth for my liking. Total for the two was $6. I would still recommend to give District a try.Stopped in for a bite to start the day.. Was I completely overwhelmed.. Egg Biscuit with Miso Bacon.. Wow!!  Did I  just die and go to delicious goodness Heaven??  Wanted the sliders but got there too early in the day.. Instead,  we had one of the delicious fresh made donuts to top things off.. Delicious!!  Delicious! Delicious!!Would I rate this higher than my city's famed donut store- Blue Star Donuts? YES. 
Would I prefer District than most of the donut stores I've been too? YES.
They have breakfast options. They have a bar area. This is besides their novelty/ fancy donuts and coffee. What more can you ask for?
Oh SPACE! They have tons of space for patrons. It's not just a "here's your food and be gone" establishment. They have amazing artwork hung along their industrial wall.
If you go, try their Croque Madame! Hint: It's not bagel. It's a donut!The BEST donuts I've have in my life! Im not a donut fanatic, but I'd eat these donuts any day. They have such a wide variety of flavors that pair so well with the donuts! I got the strawberries & champagne donut and the blackberry & blackpepper donut. I love the combination of the flavors. The donuts are huge! Worth the money!! I also love the vibe of the place and the service!Great donuts even better coffee. I generally don't eat glazed donuts unless they are hot so I went with one of their specials which today was an apple cinnamon stuffed powdered berliner. It was huge and very good but made better by some of the best coffee I've had in a while. This is definitely a must stop for a sweet treat when in the area. 
The sliders looked very good from the eye so you might want to make it a fat party for lunch, sliders, fries and a gourmet donut for dessert.