Dolce Vita is a small restaurant near the French Quarter (right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line) that has, hands down, the best pizza I've had in a really long time.  They had quick service, the prices can't be beat, and the pizza is simply amazing.  Stopped in with my wife and 18month old daughter during lunchtime on a Saturday.  Nice atmosphere and kid-friendly.  Enjoyed the quieter area of NOLA after spending the morning and day prior wandering through the French Quarter.  Employees were very helpful and made the place even better.  You have to stop by if you visit NOLA!! Try the Bianca and Margherita...superb!Live in the building where they have their business, would think this would be totally convenient...no! they decided to close early one night for the Mardi Gras parade even though their hours are supposed to go until 12am, and so rude and so unaccommodating about it would think this would be the one time they would stay open late! totally lost our business....One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten. The crust is light with just the right amount of crunch. The sauce was delicious. Can't wait to go back.The lunch wedge special is the perfect size at a reasonable price. Loooove the house dressing.The décor and ambience is minimal but everyone's got a budget so I understand focusing on the food.  Tortelloni pasta on an initial visit was pretty good, although 5 pieces of pasta doesn't exactly make a meal but any place with homemade pasta generally makes me happy because I'm usually too lazy to make my own.  Penne with vodka sauce on a more recent visit was quite good although the penne wasn't homemade and the prosciutto which we expected to be diced was actually the same thin slices you would expect on a pizza.  A bit clunky for a pasta and there were maybe 3 mushrooms in the entire dish but the vodka sauce was good and it was enjoyable overall.
The name of the restaurant, however, says Wood Fired Pizza so that's going to be the key to their success.  On my first try, the pizza crust wasn't very exciting but on subsequent visits it has been much better includng a really good special with chicken, pesto, etc. which was a bit more subtle than most of the pizzas here and was outstanding.  Topping combinations on the standard pizza menu are somewhat limited so I would like to see more options including some artisan or Neapolitan specialties but if you like meat on your pizza you'll be pretty happy with the menu options.  They've also got a couple pastas, salads, and "sandwiches" to go with about 6 different pizza combinations so you can definitely get a pretty good meal regardless of what you order.
Pizzas are decent size so you're unlikely to come away hungry despite the thin crust and at lunch you have the option of a "wedge" (1/4 of a pizza) of margherita for only $3.00 or an upcharge to $3.50 for pepperoni or the special of the week.  The people are friendly, the food is good, and you can have a good meal without breaking the bank so I'm going with 4 stars for Dolce Vita but keep in mind it's a casual place without much decoration and I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for a romantic date night.
Note that as of March 25 they offer delivery too!I absolutely love this place. I'm a NYC pizza snob, but this place does an *amazing* individual pizza. Their specials, be it pizza, pasta, or risotto are always incredible. It's clear that they use fresh ingredients and take care in what they bring you. The owner is incredibly friendly. It's definitely a spot I'll hit up often! Wonderful!!!!Love Love Love...The Milano wood-fired pizza paired with a Greek Salad is perfection.Here for an event and mother/daughter weekend and ended up sick. After checking reviews we ordered a pep for delivery not one night but the following night too. Fresh and delicious!We were in town just a few days and wanted a quick and easy dinner.  The wings are to die for...everyone must get these wings! We did a traditional sausage pizza and this was amazing.  The delivery was a little slow but coming from Chicago where everything is fast paced this was just a little bump in the experience. At the end of the day the food made up for itself. Next time we are in town we will be back!We were greeted by a very friendly gentlemen named Lindsey. He helped us choose a good wine and beer and off we went. The chicken wings were good, the Florence pizza was great, and the Diablo sandwich was AMAZING! Marriage material. Very good deal and great location for non locals because it's on the streetcar route.We ordered the Milano pizza. The service was great the pizza had a butter flavor and I wish I could have one delivered twice a week to my home 400 miles awayWORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!
I called Sunday at 730pm to see if they are open given it's Easter Sunday. The guy answers, "Yeah, but we might close an hour or so early depends on if it's busy. So like 845-9pm." 
So I make sure my bf and I call in our order for pick-up early at 8pm. He says it might take awhile, like 30 minutes. We said that's fine.
Given its high Yelp reviews and my liking for thin crust pizza, I was excited to try this for my final meal in NOLA (had my share already of all the typical Creole food already). My bf and I start walking towards the sketchy neighborhood this pizza shop is, and we finally get there 15minutes later.
We walk to counter, and the guy says, "sorry we are closed". I mention that we already placed an order 30 minutes ago, and he says "oh I'm sorry, but we ran out of pizza dough....it was a very busy night and I'm the only one working."
WHAT?!?!? Looking around, there were only 3 tables with customers! Just an hour ago he was gonna close shop early cuz of lack of business. So I said, "ok....is there ANYTHING you can make for us? We walked all the way here and it's our last meal in NOLA." He apologized and said no. He tried to offer voucher for free pizza in future, but useless for us as we are leaving tomorrow. I'm sure he could have made us a sandwich, pasta, or even a salad, all of which were on the menu, and did not require the missing pizza dough, but his answer was simply "No."
So we left very upset. As we walked out, we saw the delivery boy coming in. So apparently if we had asked for delivery they would have saved enough dough for us! But calling in order, he didn't even have the graciousness to call us and let us know he was unable to make the pizza and spare us a trip!
I'm sure the employee was simply lazy and wanted to head home early on Sunday night.
This experience leaves me with a lousy last impression of NOLA, and I rarely write reviews, but I felt this one was much much much deserved!
I'm sure Chef B makes one amazing pizza, but he needs to find better staff members! Didn't catch his name, but it was that one employee working Easter Sunday 2014....Yummy yummy! Andddd they deliver to the Marriott on canal ... The driver was so nice and courteous about everything - from my order to delivery during insane convention traffic.Dolce Vita hit all the right notes with me! It was delicious and affordable, so I don't understand why it was empty on a Friday afternoon.
My co-worker and I ordered an eggplant focaccia sandwich and a meatball focaccia sandwich and split both. The bread was very much like naan; it was soft but with nicely charred spots on the outside.
The eggplant was perfect. The meatball was great, two big meatballs in each half. Would suggest cutting the meatballs in half before putting it on the bread, just to make it a little easier to eat. That's the only criticism I have for it!
It came with a side order of potato chips, sprinkled with truffle oil and fresh parmesan cheese. What a treat from the usual boring french fries! 
The place is clean and the owner is kind and friendly. We will definitely be back!We just finished devouring another pepperoni pizza from Dolce Vita and let me just say, it was INCREDIBLE. My boyfriend said it best, "You know, it's not very often that I finish eating a pizza and immediately have the urge to call and order more of the exact same thing. But that's exactly how I feel right now." 
Not gonna lie, Chef Bogdan makes a killer pie.I love, love, love pizza!  I rarely meet a pizza that I don't like, but at the same time, I rarely find one that absolutely wows me.  
The pepperoni pizza blew me away.  I LOVE this pizza!  The crust is thin with a slight crispiness to it, thanks to their authentic brick oven.
You can tell that the ingredients are high quality, which is really important!  I don't know where they get their pepperoni, but it's amazing!Excellent pizza, with online ordering! I've ordered delivery from here five times now, and I must say the pizza is delicious. I've only ordered pepperoni, but the crust and the sauce are both tasty, so I'm sure their other varieties are just as good. The online ordering process is very easy, and the pizza has always been delivered (Uptown) within a half-hour. Highly recommended.I read about this place in the lagnaipe today. So a friend of mine and myself went to check it out. I wasn't displeased. The food was fantastic. We had both the pepperoni and margheritta pizza. Both were exceptional. The sauce was spiced well and the pepperoni tasty. I was thoroughly pleased with my experience. The owner was nice and willing to talk, which is always a plus for me. The inside of the restaurant is clean, and the decor suits the space well. I really liked the repurposed tables. A great experience and great food lead to a great timeThis is the first review I've ever left in yelp...that's how bad this place is.  I live a half mile from it. First of all they ask you to tip the driver before, which I thought was odd, but later found out was bc they suck. 
It took them 1 hour and 30 minutes before I called  the guy who said he was on his way. After 2 hours I called back and finally cancelled and asked for a refund. Keep in mind this place is .5 miles away and it was 1 o'clock on a Sunday. 
I've called back twice after not receiving my refund that he said he'd give me after my miserable experience and I still haven't gotten refunded. 
Never go to this place. 
Seriously. Don't do it.Been here a few times now...and its good, real good.  To be truthful, I was hoping it wouldn't be so I could just focus on the handful of pizza joints I already like, but now I gotta factor in this place as well when deciding on pizza.  I guess it's a good problem to have, but wouldn't life be easier if there were like just two places to go?  And Slice is close by as well, which is also great, but not brick oven.  
But when I am looking for no nonsense brick oven pizza Dolce is the place to go.  There aren't any crazy flavors (for that go to Pizza Dominica) but just quick, delicious, and traditional brick oven pizza.  The oven is so hot the pizza cooks in a few seconds, so you always get it fast and piping hot.  The crust is thin and crispy and the sauce is spot on.  
The owner is a pretty cool euro dude who is always blaring euro disco (the kind I grew up with...think Jamiroquai or Erasure) and always seems to give me some sort of grief when I stop in...which I love since I don't really know him.  
If your in the area or driving through stop and get a pie...you will be glad you did.Best delivery pizza in the area by far. I've had the garlic bread, margarita pizza, pepperoni pizza, and Sicily pizza. All delivery. They tasted great and I would give 5 stars, but they always forget an ingredient. Last time they forgot the basil on the margarita as well as the basil we added to the pepperoni and this time they forgot the bourbon glaze on the Sicily. The garlic bread was very bland - maybe they forgot the garlic. Just annoying when it's delivery. Other than forgetting ingredients 2 out of 2 times, it's good.I got is delivered and it was pretty fast.  I got the Meat Lovers pizza (yes I know that is not what they call it but it is what pizza hut has ingrained in my brain from when i was 10) and my lady got the veggie pizza.  
The meat pizza was very salty but I believe that is because one of the meats is salt curred.  It was pretty good but I wish it were less salty.  
The veggie pizza had truffle oil on it which was pretty interesting but veggies are not my thing for pizza.  My lady like it but was more excited about the movie we were watching.  
The pizzas are too small to share (unless you are all females; i dont mean that to be sexist; yall just eat less)
If I was in the area and in the mood for pizza I would go there and be satisfied.  I would get a plain cheese pizza or pepporoni.  I was happy with the pizza but not excited.  I wouldn't get it delivered again; something seems wrong about getting fancy wood fired pizza delivered...We don't have many neapolitan pizza choices in New Orleans. Most of the pizza in town is too doughy for my tastes.  I was so happy to find Dolce Vita. Fantastic pizza. Perfect.  Reasonable pricing. We will definitely be back.I lived in Napoli for 10 years, when I returned home my wife and I missed the pizza most. Now we can have it any time. Best pizza in Louisiana.Not good. We sat and waited for someone to take our drink order. We had to get our own menus and ask a waiter for drinks. Pizza was not very good, the meat tasted off. Too bad.Best pizza I have ever had!! The crust is the perfect combination of thick/thin and chewy/crunchy. I have had almost all the pizzas, the Milano my favorite. All the pizzas are made with just the right amount of toppings and sauce so you can actually taste the crust and all of the fresh ingredients. This is one of those places where less is more, good pizzas shouldn't be and don't have to be loaded down with toppings. If you are wanting a pizza with a meh crust, extra cheese/toppings and generic sauce go to Pizza Hut.not impressed.  57$ for blah, limited sauce, unremarkable crust, stingy with the cheese.  try another.Just came back from there and I am impressed. The crust is light and airy, and has great flavor. I had the meat pizza, the meat was very high quality. Definitely the only pizza place Ill eat at in this town, some of the best Ive ever eaten. The owner is hilarious he jokes around with customers and that right there even if the pizza wasnt great like it was would make me return. Good job Chef, see you soon.Just went here for lunch. Really excellent pizza with a wood burning oven. Italia style.Tried take-out from Dole Vita this weekend, and we really enjoyed the food.
We tried:
Roma
Margherita
Florence
Sicily
And then the Tiramisu (with whipped nutella cream!) for dessert was the perfect way to end the meal.Just ordered dolce vita and it is so so good! We ordered a half Milano, half Tuscany pizza and the wedge salad, and they actually delivered a whole Tuscany pizza, but when we told them, the delivery driver called the restaurant and they started making our correct order while he went back to get it, AND he let us keep the wrong pizza. The delivery guy was so nice about it too! And on top of that, the pizza and salad are both amazing. I'll definitely be ordering from here regularly now.Order came one hour late and the food was cold and undercooked. My toddler cousins could have made the food better than Dolce Vita. Man, I logged into yelp after a year so I could write this review.The menu sounds good as are the ingredients and the employees.  The food, wings and the meatiest pizza were totally unseasoned.  The chicken was tender.  The pizza; something is wrong with the pizza. Either the oven temperature, the dough or something.  The bottom of the pizza was charred which was good but the middle was raw dough.  They put it back in the oven and offered to remake it,  but it didnt help enough for me to give the doggy bag to the homeless outside.  Im sorry for this review as I wanted it to be a new favorite place.  Im sure they are only following a bad recipe. I hope it changes to when it was getting better reviews.Incredible food and service. I called 20 minutes before they were open to place a delivery order and the chef accepted with no slight in his voice.This is a great new addition to the New Orleans pizza scene! We had three pizzas and they were all awesome! The place could use a little more ambiance. However what it lacked in visual, it more than made up for in excellent food, friendly staff and a super awesome owner who is really passionate about pizza and making sure his customers love every bite. We certainly did! And a true test to pizza greatness is how is tastes cold the next day - Dolce Vita - still super yummy!we had the caesar salad and the margherita pizza. Amazing. Super friendly staff, very passionate about their pizza and a wonderful atmosphere. I never write yelp reviews, but the deserve the good publicity.Food was good - service wasn't so much, but she was new so I didn't rate them poorly because of that.  But the appetizer came out with the pizzas and came with a tiny side of dipping sauce. We asked for more in order to finish the rest of the bread and were charged $1.50 extra and she asked if I wanted more soda - then charged for that too! Not that I care about $3 - but it's the principle (I think you should have to tell me it will cost more) Also they ran out of their only dessert :(  Sorry we took an $8 can ride to get there!Had a late night pizza there on a Sunday night.  Never would have thought that I would be able to get a pizza of that quality at 11 PM on a Sunday night, and for the same price as Pizza Hut or some other pizza place.
Got a half Margherita half Pepperoni and both sides of the pizza did not disappoint. The ingredients were very fresh and the pizza was cooked perfectly.  No heavy slice of bread like crust.  
Other than the soda machine not having any carbonation it was all in all a pleasant experience.  I will definitely be going back again.Having the chef special today spectacular!!!! The service was great and the special was truly inventive and all about the ingredients. If u want something both delicious and different this is the place. They also have a great selection of draft beer and wine another wonderful pizza!! This time in August  this is a must try for this neighborhoodOkay so here's the deal. This place used to be amazing. It was a hidden gem that I told everyone I knew about, until Chef Bogdan moved on. WOW has this place gone down hill.  We went from ordering 1-2 times a week to as of tonight, never again.  The last 5 orders have had issues.  I need to point out that I am not super picky and worked in the restaurant industry years...shit happens.  This is my first actual review on yelp because this place has proven to be consistently off.  New management changed around so many things but failed to change the menu.  False advertising.  I even spoke to her on the phone about issues with an order and she assured that next time she would make sure it was perfect. Nope. The delivery driver even told me tonight how sorry he was that my $12 salad had barely any shrimp. He said that he tried to add more but the manager wouldn't let him and that she personally prepared it.  His service is consistently the only positive part of the experience.  Never again.  What a waste of what was once such a great place.Ordered a couple of pizzas for dinner for delivery. The pepperoni and Tuscany were mediocre and didn't have a lot of toppings on either pizza. The size of the pizzas were what other places would call small or medium. Overpriced for what you pay for. The pepperoni had zero sauce and minimal cheese. The Tuscany had little pork and very little cheese and barely any sauce which tasted like honey mustard. Crust was burnt on parts of both pizzas. Was 5 minutes from the restaurant, took around an hour to deliver. Would not eat here again.Outside of Chicago and NYC, this is the best pizza I've ever had. Ordered the pepperoni and the meat was thick and delicious. The crust was crisp and the sauce just the right amount of sweet.Went there on a recent trip to NOLA and was beyond impressed. Being from NYC I have had my share of delicious pizza but seriously this was by far some of the best pizza I  had ever had! They stick to the basics here and it is def worth the visit. And even better the people who work there are as nice as pie so def check this place out next time you are in the neighborhood!The house salad was colorful and good.  The spinach and goat cheese salad was good but spinach needed to be cleaned more.  It felt gritty.  The crust is thin.  Pepperoni pizza was well covered with pepperoni. The Naple pizza was ok.  The staff was friendly.Best thin-crust pizza my partner & I ever tasted.   We had one pizza delivered when we first arrived in New Orleans for our vacation last week.   Absolutely loved it!   Had lunch there a few days later, trying out a few more of their pizza options.  
Ingredients are very fresh.   Crust is great.   Both traditional & unique varieties offered were excellent.    I wish there was one closer to home!Very good pizza, fair price, and super service !!Mmmm, soooo good. 
First time I've ever tried this place. Normally I can't stand thin crust but ohhh this is good. Better even than Papa John's (my previous favorite). Real Italian pizza made in a wood fired stove by a guy that's obviously a real Italian (talk to him). 
The restaurant is lacking in decoration but I don't see why that would be a big deal. The food speaks for itself. 
Gimme more!I'm pretty in love with this place. I would have dreams of this pizza while I was deployed. It's amazing. My favorites are the simplest ones: the Pepperoni and the Margherita. I also enjoy the Naples, Tuscany and Milano but for me, the less ingredients the better. Pizza and service are both consistently good. Probably my favorite pizza place at the moment.A few months ago, myself and company tried to go to Domenica for some pizza. But they were closed for renovations so I looked to Yelp to find the nearest pizza joint. We decided to give Dolce Vita a chance and it wasn't bad at all. 
We all wanted beer on tap, but the owner himself suggested that they were too foamy at the moment so we got beer by the bottle. We then started with the wedge salad with the spicy chipotle and toblerone. Wow. Best wedge salad I've had up to date. My boyfriends cousin has even tried to recreate the salad himself but it wasn't as good. We then ordered 3 pizzas, which in my opinion was too much for just 4 people.. but we still dominated it with probably 3 slices left over. The wood oven used it great because I kind of expected the pizzas to burn a little but they didn't. We had the margherita, pepperoni, as well as the milano wood fired pizza. All were amazing and exceeded beyond my expectations. We even had desserts. We had nutella tiramisu which were very fluffy and flavorful. 
Overall great experience. I even received 10% off by checking into their place on Yelp. For the amount of food(and beer) we ordered, the price was acceptable. Great quality in everything they do. And if you question the quality, the owner once worked for John Besh at Domenica and I am sure he believes in great quality.Absolutely delicious pizza! Quality ingredients and the wood burning Neapolitan style stove make this pizza the best around! Chef Bogdan and his sous chef Jeremy are extremely friendly and made the experience very enjoyable. Try the solo carne pizza and the veggie pizza, and make sure to top it off with the Nutella tiramisu. We will be back.Stopped in for a late dinner with my boyfriend. We're always looking for delicious pizza to try around town and we had high hopes for Dolce Vita after reading stellar reviews on Yelp. We started with the Vesuvius wedge salad which was definitely unlike any wedge we had ever had! The shaved chocolate was an interesting touch and overall it was pretty tasty. We had our sights set on the Venice pizza judging from the rave reviews of various Yelpers.  While we absolutely loved the flavor profile, especially the cured meats and balsamic reduction drizzle, we were very disappointed with the texture of the pie. The various vegetables exuded a lot of juice during the cooking process, making the crust soggy/floppy from the liquid that pooled in the middle of the pizza. Our experience, however, was enjoyable thanks to the awesomely attentive service and the 10% discount we got by checking in on Yelp. Overall, it's a decent pizza joint that can easily be bumped up to 4 star status with a slight improvement in execution.My family were customers for DV when he had the food truck in Baton Rouge.  Getting out of the food truck business and opening a permanent location was both a sad and happy thing.  Sad because we couldnt get his pizza more locally, but happy that he's been successful in growing his business and giving another city a taste of his awesome pizza.  On a whim, we decided to drive down to New Orleans today, just to ride around, but for sure knew we'd be stopping in to check out the place and finally satisfy my craving for a true wood fired pizza.  Always the best ingredients...simple and amazing!!  His pizza sauce is just absolutely mouth-watering.  I love the margherita but we also love his special concoctions.  Chef Bogdan definitely knows his ingredients.  The crust is amazing!  You will not be disappointed!!The salad I had wasn't good at all, it's probably out of the bag, I also ordered Parmesan wings and they were okay and the pizza was pretty good. It was an okay experience.Having the chef special today spectacular!!!! The service was great and the special was truly inventive and all about the ingredients. If u want something both delicious and different this is the place. They also have a great selection of draft beer and wine.The ownership and chef have changed at Dolce Vita Pizzeria and they re-opened recently after also doing some renovation.  On a first visit since the renovation everything was even better than before!  A weekly special Curry pizza with chicken and vegetables was awesome - though possibly a bit spicy for some it was one of the better curries I've had in a while (I know, NOLA is pretty much devoid of good curry but this includes other cities as well).  We also wanted to try the fennel sausage which is new on the "Create Your Own Pizza" menu and decided to get a Margherita pizza with sausage added - perfect crust, great ingredients, lots of flavor.
The space has been changed to add a bar which has 6-8 seats, a couple TVs, and quite a few [mostly local] beers on tap.  The dining area with about 10 tables is separated slightly now with a vertical rack holding wood logs by the door - and it seems to work better than previously.  There's also true table service now plus you don't have to fill your soft drinks at the service fountain which was always a bit strange/unsanitary in the past.
It's clear the staff is still getting up to speed after the changeover but the chef has already hit his stride and the new incarnation of Dolce Vita appears much improved.  In my opinion the pizza now appears to rival Domenica as the best in town - Domenica still has a better atmosphere and more pizza/pasta options but the pizzas we tried the other night would match up with pretty much any wood fired pizza in the country.  Nice job, we'll definitely be back!Dumb mistake, made up my own pizza for delivery. So it got here in okay timing, but adding the zucchini/eggplant mix was a bad idea. It was so soggy I thought it wasn't cooked! But I called to complain and they are sending me a new one; I'll stick to the menu from now on. Usually everything is awesome otherwise!Ordered a Greek salad and it was made with iceberg lettuce. Wtf?? And it came out after we had finished our pizza already. Ordered an appetizer too which came out after we finished the salad! Pizza was good though but not worth being forgotten about even though we were the only table in there!I wish that I could give them more stars but unfortunately the person who handled my order over the phone the last time that my ordered from them has caused to cross this place of my places I will eat.
I have eaten here several times and the pizza has always been good.  The pizzas have never disappointed me but the last time I placed a delivery order with them the person I spoke to was very rude.
I called and ordered a pizza and wings and was then called back some time later to tell me that the wings were sold out and I had to make a substitution for something else.  Then when my food arrived my pizza was cold and they had forgotten parmesan cheese, which I specifically asked for.
When I realized that the parmesan cheese had been forgotten I called back to ask if there was anything that could be done and the person was very rude.  He said the only thing that could be done was another delivery man come and deliver me a side a parmesan, which would have only caused my pizza to become colder.  I asked if there was any way to get a replacement order at a later period and he was very rude in saying no there was nothing that he could do.
Sorry to them, but I will never be giving my money to Dolce Vita Pizzeria again.A lot of reviews either don't know good food or just want free food... the service and food (Pizza, chicken wings, mozzarella sticks and spinach artichoke dip) was GREAT!!!! We will definitely be returning!!!!Great People, great atmosphere, tremendous food.  A true 'find'.  Loved everything about it and the owner was terrific to chat with.  The service was fast and accurate, and the prices are fair.  Perfect amount of wood char on the pizza.  Thin yet it holds up to the toppings.  Good beer choices to compliment the pizza.  Terrific wedge salad - spicy!  Shared the Nutella dessert 3 ways and it was a nice finish.  Will definitely be back whenever in NOLA.  Keep it going!Great thin crust. Delicious simple fresh ad was very accommodating even during madness of Mardi Gras. Will be back as always. Yummo bravo!!!Dolce Vita is a super fun pizza place. I visited on a Sunday and there weren't many people, which was nice. Ordered a pepperoni pizza and a few salads. Everything tastes wonderful, I really liked the crust of the pizza. 
Happy hour specials everyday from 4-7, $10 for a pepperoni pizza!I just receive my delivery. We orderd the Florence Pizza and the Greco salad. I never write reviews but I'm compelled to write one tonight. The pizza has roasted eggplant sauteed mushrooms ect... it's absolutely delicious! are salad arrived cold the pizza hot. Everything is fresh! We normally oder from slice but we wanted something different tonight. I'm definitely never going back to slice after this meal. I'm extremely impressed. Thank you! Y'all know what you're doing!I really like this place and not just because Bogdan is a fellow Romanian! I had eaten at his food truck in Baton Rouge many months ago and remembered it being quite good so once I heard that he had a spot in New Orleans I had to check it out. I had the Bianca and my roommate had the Margherita. Both were delicious! We especially enjoyed the thin crust, and the cheese was excellent. The food left me satiated for a long time. I did not have enough room for dessert but nutella tiramisu sounds amazing so I will definitely leave room the next time I come here. Bogdan is so friendly and really wants everyone to have a good time and leave happy. He told us about some new dishes he is going to try to make that sound fab. One star off for decoration, but they haven't had their grand opening yet so we'll see how that improves over time. It was pretty busy on a Saturday night so people seem happy. I will definitely be making this a regular pizza place. A great addition to the downtown pizza scene!Best wood fired pizza I've had! This was our first stop upon arriving in NOLA and it was perfect. Truffle chips, eggplant parm focaccia, and the roasted vegetable pizza were all delicious. Highly recommend.We didn't want to eat at the WW II museum so we decided to take a break and walk the 3 or so blocks to Dolce Vita.  After we were done eating we all agreed that we made a very smart decision to go there.
First off, we have food allergies to deal with (dairy and peanuts).  The cook was so open to do what he could to make sure my son got a great pizza that was safe for him - cheese-less of course.  He explained the ingredients in the dough and pizza sauce, washed counters, utensils, whatever he needed to do to make a safe experience for us.
The pizza itself is very good.  All 3 of my kids said it was the best they'd ever had!!!  The crust is thin and was cooked just right.  The sauce isn't like the chain pizza place sauces -  a little more sweet and not as heavy.  I didn't think the Italian meats were too salty, but maybe my old taste buds aren't as sensitive as they used to be.
Anyway, if i'm ever back in New Orleans, I'd definitely go back.Still good, but not as good as it used to be....
Old review:
Very tasty. Thin but airy crust, wood fired. Atmosphere is very casual. I like the rustic/industrial furniture. Small menu, basically a few kinds of pizza, pasta and salad. The pizza is very good and I'm happy to have another place to get that sort of Neapolitan style of pizza. Courteous owner/staff. Definitely worth a visit.My husband and I have been searching for an authentic Italian pizza. The margherita pizza was delicious. We were greeted with a friendly smile , it was clean and waitress was great. Its a must go if you love pizza.Now this is what pizza is supposed to taste like! Tried this place off of the strength of other Yelp reviewers and they were spot on! Will definitely be making trips back here in the future!THE GOOD:
Every type of local beer I like, they've got; the Tin Roofs, the Nolas, the Lazy Magnolias.  Pizzas are relatively affordable and ingredients are fresh and very different.  The space is clean, new and the giant wood fire oven is pretty awesome to look at.  If you are a fan of thin crust, smaller, gourmet pies you should definitely give this place a try.
THE BAD:
When I feel the desire to stuff a pizza in my face in very unladylike fashion, unfortunately Dolce Vita didn't deliver enough to become of the honing beacon on my fat-girl radar.
THE UGLY:  
Whassup with the hanging lightbulb chandeliers that look like they belong in a horror movie's looney-bin-torture-chamber?  The ice water tastes like it's been sitting in a plastic factory.  The server was incredibly nice, but the service was still inexcusably slow.  The restaurant wasn't that full.  
The verdict?  I will continue to go to Slice down the street.The absolute worst experience ever.  Ordered through GrubHub.  The restaurant lost our order after they confirmed with GrubHub that they received it. Waited two hours, then finally called. They apologized for losing the order -- yet they knew exactly what we ordered -- and said that they would expedite the order to us. We would have it in 20 minutes. 45 minutes later, our order arrived. The pizza was ice cold, the wings -- which looked more like legs than wings -- were mushy and flavorless, and the chips were soggy.   And they sent the wrong beverages. The restaurant agreed to let Grub hub give us our money back for the "wings" and chips, which they did, but the pizza was awful...and cold. 
When I called to complain, the manager, Robert, argued with me about everything. What happened to "the customer is always right"?  Robert proceeded to hang up on me They must have caller ID, because when I called back, the call went to a voice mail recording. When I called back again, someone picked up the phone and hung up. Nice way to run a business, Robert. 
We were starving after a day of sightseeing, and wanted to give our business to a local establishment. Next time, we will call the national chain restaurant. You blew it, Robert!Even though I prefer deep dish, this pie is the bomb! Its quick, tasty, and comes with a great environment. Staff is always friendly and accommodating.  Salads, deserts, pastas, and specials are always great as well.  My favorite has been the sweet potato pie! Seriously! AMAZING! I ate two in one sitting once. Is that bad? :)  Join their social media campaign so that you know the weekly specials. You won't be disappointed. For those of you that rated less than 5 stars, get real!Completely unique combination of flavors put on a pizza. You look at some of the options and think "Hm, that's a weird combo and I wouldn't put it on a pizza." But they are amazing. I've had three different pizzas there and they are all phenomenal. The Sicily, which has duck confit, peaches, and a bourbon glaze is the absolute best!Service was slow. Asked for sweet tea but waitress said she didn't have enough. Asked for root beer then waitress came back and said they're out. The food tasted decent.This pizza is phenomenal.  It is wood fire pizza after all .  I don't usually eat the pizza crust, but this dough is so good, that I did.  The pizzas are pretty big - and the are pretty loaded with toppings.  They have a very friendly staff, and the last time I was there, they accidentally added a pizza, which they just gave us for free after apologizing - simply amazing!This is the best pizza I've had in the state, and possibly the best pizza I've had period.  It is a beautiful combo of flavors and textures in a very comfortable atmosphere.  My wife and I took the walk from the quarter with our toddler in stroller and were so glad we ventured out for lunch.  It was an easy walk with ample sidewalks and safe areas.  That can sometimes be an issue with walking in the wrong direction in NO.  
The pies were great.  My wife is allergic to milk, so must order pizzas without cheese.  That often elicits strange responses, but the chef was more than helpful.  He asked if she liked veggies and if he could make her a special pizza that would be better than what we ordered.  I agreed as long as there wasn't any cheese, it was all fair game.  I ordered the Solo Carne for myself.  The crust was perfection.  It was crispy, yet tender and light.  That kind of texture and flavor that can only come from a blazing hot oven.  For my wife's pie, he mixed the roasted veggies with a few cured meats and hit it with the balsamic topping.  She was blown away.  My 18 month old must have eaten 2 slices himself of her pie.  He actually preferred the roasted veggie pie over my meat feast. 
This will be on our regular rotation in New Orleans.  It made for a perfect day of Insectarium, Pizza, then Aquarium!  I high recommend you take a stroll that way (Down Magazine is the easiest I find) from the quarter and experience top notch pizza.I used to order from here a lot, but not anymore.  On multiple occasions they have taken over 2 and a half hours to deliver.  One time the delivery guy gave me my pizza for free and told me it was ridiculous the chef couldn't make a pizza quicker.  When your own employees are giving away free food you know it is bad.  I don't know why they continue to deliver with the amount of consistent problems.Minimalist decor and a damn fine pie!  I had the meat pizza and my wife had the margherita. The meat was all imported italian of very high quality. The owner, a Belarus native, is super friendly and aims to please. Please swing by and support them. I want this place around when I come back.I just voted "Dolce Vita" on @EaterNOLA's reader poll "The Best Pizza in New Orleans" http://eater.cc/1eLanMUOk - we saw the many reviews and thought this would be our pizza joint for our last night.  Pizza was good B+ territory but the staff (and owner) are clueless.  We sat next to someone at the bar that asked for his check four times and waited over 15 minutes to receive the darn thing.  As for us, we had to beg for another drink, napkin or whatever.  Wife's first glass of wine (chianti) was spoiled.  Also - there are only 21 patrons here and they were out of glasses and had no problem filling my wife's wine glass instead of fresh stemware.  I had three beers - all from the same glass as well.  For $65 (a generous 10% rip for the total failure of effort) I would never consider this place again.  Our fellow patron and local resident has recommended you walk up the street and buy by the slice.  He would have but it's raining.   Shameful way to run a restaurant that has a decent priduct.I ordered a florence pizza on a gluten free crust. I must say this is the best gluten free crust I've had. The vegetables are also very brag worthy. They were all the freshest vegetables you could imagine along with a very delicious vinaigrette drizzled over the entire pizza. This was a delivery order but I would love to sit down and eat next go round.The food was mediocre at best. The chicken wings were not fried wings but broiled and the breadcrumbs were only on one side. They lacked flavor and had somewhat of a fishy taste. The Tuscany pizza had good crust and that was about it. The pizza needed more BBQ sauce and the pork just didn't taste good. Service was good and the beer selection was pretty good though.Don't use "Eat24" to order online with this business. I went for convenience, ordered one pepperoni pizza at 8:15 and I am sitting here at 9:48 having been told that my order left the store. I called back after an hour (the app said 45-60 minutes) and a man in the background said "20-25 minutes" while the one speaking on the phone said 15-20. Lying isn't cool, guys. Especially since it actually took another 30 minutes to arrive. I called back after 25 minutes and tried to ask a woman who answered the phone if I could have some of the price taken off for such an unacceptable delay and she said because I used the app service, they couldn't do anything. I told the delivery driver that they need to get it together and he said "sorry, we had a big rush." Not cool. 
The food is good but jeez, dinner at 10pm sucks.So amazingly good! All of it! the garlic bread with house made ranch, the spinach and goat cheese salad, the pizza and oh dear lord the nutella tiramisu! The reviews were great so we took a chance and don't regret it at all.I have only ordered the pizza here but it's my new favorite New Orleans pizza joint! The pizza crust here is amazing (like all the other reviews say)... it's thin yet chewy. The meats that they use are top notch and they run weekly specials to keep things interesting.They take orders online with payment while they're still open for another hour, and then call you to tell you they aren't accepting deliveries. Oh, and you have to call the app you ordered through for a refund. Thanks for nothing.Literally some of the worst pizza I've had in a long time. Soggy and burnt at the same time? How is that possible?Tried to go to Domenica around 5pm on a Sunday. They said they were booked until 9 so we went for an alternative. The pizza here is amazing and really fast. Good for a quick casual but delicious meal. Give them a try!First time visiting dolce vita pizzeria, coming from a very long time pizza fan and having had pizza all over this city, hands down in my top faves. I had the duck confit and peaches with a bourbon sauce, it was divine. Everything on their menu seems crisp and flavorful, you do not feel like you are eating pizza. Also, I had the loveliest and most honest service from a wonderful waitress by the name of Donna. Be sure to stop in and at least peep the menu. I know once you do, you'll be hooked.Rolled into New Orleans from Houston, if you've ever made that drive, you'll know how ridiculous it is, and needed some food so of course, we turn to Yelp for guidance. It led us here, it was late on a Sunday, so of course nobody was in the place so we could sit wherever we wanted, it was kind of hot in the building but when there's a pizza oven in a place, it's bound to be hot. Our server was very nice and allowed us to take our time and help with all of our questions. 
The food was awesome! We had the truffle chips to start and my wife and I had the wedge salad and a pepperoni pizza, I always say you can judge a pizza place based on they way a classic pizza is made, it was pretty damn perfect. Everyone came by to make sure we were doing well and to see if the food was to our liking. 
Well will defiantly come back if we make our way to New Orleans again, I MUST try more of their pizzas!5 stars is a limit on yelp ..unfortunately !!i would give all 10 if it would be possible!! Bet pizza I ever ate in my life ( yes,newyorkers, The Best!!) , we always order pepperoni one , and I can smell the wood fire ..love it!! We order it at least once a week ( minimum!!), and we are quite a heathy eaters! Owner is so cool , if there is no one to dielver the order -he ll do it himself!)) keep it up guys,you are the best!! Love the taste, love the service , love ppl,and the whole concept !!Great pizza! Loved the location on the trolley line slightly removed from the French Quarter madness.  Pizza was super quick.  Love the food scene in NOLA but nice to have a fairly quick, casual meal that was still great.  (Although we stuck around awhile to enjoy our adult beverages.) Appetizer, pizza and Nutella tiramisu were all very fresh and very good.  Liked by mom and dad as well as 3 kids.  New waitress from San Francisco and owner were very friendly.  Would recommend to friends and will return when in NOLA.After a few meals from Dolce Vita, I am pretty impressed! I can't speak to the dining experience because I have only had pickup and delivery, but the staff at the bar/pickup counter are friendly and delivery is speedy to my workplace in the Warehouse District.
As for the food...
We tried the October special apple pizza twice. The first was amazing. The combination of sweet/tart apples, white cheddar, buttery caramelized onions, glazed pecans, and balsamic with a hint of chile was sheer perfection. The second time around, our pie was a little heavy on the balsamic and light on the onions, but still very good.
Margherita pizza is pretty good too. My only complaint is that our pie became soggy in the center, which is probably the result of boxing it up while too hot.
The eggplant sandwich is fabulous. It's packed with eggplant, yet not soggy. There's just enough sauce, cheese, and heat to make it well-balanced, but the best part is the house-made, wood-fired, charred-yet-pillowy pocket bread housing those ingredients. It came with some tasty chips dusted with microplaned parm. What good stuff.
If not for the inconsistencies between the two apple pizzas and the soggy margherita, this would be a five-star review. And these minor complaints are definitely easy to fix. But still, hands down, if you need delivery around the Warehouse District, Dolce Vita is your best bet.
A note on price and portions: unless you're a lumberjack or someone who eats like one, pizzas and sandwiches are probably too much for one person, so either snack on your leftovers later, or add a side or dessert and generously feed two. This places lunch for two at a price point that is a pretty good value in this neighborhood.This is the best pizza in the city, tied with Domenica.  The meats are top quality and Chef Bogdan uses the finest cheese.    If you want a real,  authentic Italian pizza, the try Dolce Vita.  This place is awesome!Seriously yummy wood-fired pizza.  I got the chef special (Cajun creamed spinach) and was "in love".  I added balsamic glaze and found my favorite pizza ever.  I've also had the Margherita and Roma.  Both really good.  The original chef, Bogdan, came up with some great recipes that are being executed consistently by his trainee, Logan.  My kids love the cheese pizzas and the cheese paninis too.Most American pizzas are so bland due to the use of crappy ingredients that I don't enjoy the pizza unless it's greased up with some meat. Dolce Vita is an exception to that. I loved the woodfire flavor (note: for some people, this may taste too "burnt" for their liking). And their Mio Giardino Roasted Veggies pizza was delicious. It has truffle oil, which would make Anthony Bourdain flipping mad, but I thought it tasted good in moderate use.
I was disappointed by the lack of service. You have to carry the pizza to your own table, and it's a little cumbersome and difficult to do so. The only easy way to carry it is finger-tip, waiter-style, which I can handle since I used to do that. But I don't think every guest should be given that responsibility, and I could easily see someone losing their pie on the floor and creating a mess because the guy behind the counter would rather play on an iPad than walk a pizza over to a table. That's the only reason for the dropped star.The atmosphere was incredible! Very modern and cozy! The pizza was PHENOMENAL, the best pizza I have eaten. The pizza was super quick as well. Totally recommend this place and I will definitely be coming back!Thank you so much for being on grub hub and delivering to the hollygrove!  I don't know why anyone would write a bad review.  The food was amazing, delivered way before the estimated time, and super hot!  My favorite delivery place now has competition (sorry pyramids).The pizza is absolutely amazing. I ate the entire pie myself and then had the Nutella tiramisu. Loved it!!! Definitely recommend!The pizza here is SO good!!!! Our server was really nice too! :)
We ordered the spinach salad which was delicious. We also ordered half of the Tuscany and the Florence pizza. Although both were good, my fave was the Florence. The food was plenty between my husband and I. I would definitely recommended coming here is you are in the area!Went here on a weeknight, we were 2/4 people in the place. Walking in, we weren't greeted and kind of awkwardly found a table ourselves. We weren't sure if we had to order at the bar or if we would have a waiter. The service was really slow and awkward. 
We ordered 2 salads and the Venice pizza. The salads were delicious and fresh. The pizza crust was too thin for the amount of toppings and everything fell off. But the ingredients were really fresh and it didn't taste bad, just hard to eat.
Overall, we might try this place again for takeout or delivery...definitely never dining in again, though!This pizza is, hands down, one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten. Maybe it is the wood fired brick oven, or the fresh made tomato sauce, or the flakey crust or the real deal Italian ingredients,  but once you try one of Dolce Vita's pizzas you will never eat an American Dominos style pizza again.We ordered the Pepperoni and Sola Carne.Both were great.  The house salad had a garlic dressing that was incredible, too. The only reason that I gave this restaurant a 4 star instead of a 5 star is that the interior is in desperate need of some kind of style to give it some type of ambiance. The tables and chairs are cool, but the bare beige walls with TV's takes away from a 5 star pizza experience. This place is definitely all about the pizza !Place was super cute. Our waitress was beyond sweet. Pizza was AMAZING!!!! So delicious! Their crust/dough was hands down the best I've eaten in my entire life!Went there a little over a week ago. Was visiting from NYC and was told I had to stop here. Got in shortly before they closed but the owner was super gracious with our group. Had a simple pie, some espresso and a tiramisu. The standouts were the pizza (much better than Slice, which we visited earlier that day) and the tiramisu, which was served pre-made in a mason jar - two thumbs up!After a long day of traveling, I was excited to find a brick oven pizza place that delivered. I spent time reading reviews on all the local spots and decided on this place. I wanted a Hawaiian pizza, but they didn't have any pineapple or Canadian bacon, so I settled on pepperoni & black olive. I didn't mind waiting awhile since it was brick oven pizza, but after 1.5 hours, my pizza showed up cold and without black olives. The pepperoni was so salty that I had to take it off. Sadly, I would NOT recommend this place... Go with Pizza Hut or Pappa Johns instead.Amazing! Maybe the best pizza I've ever had in my life. We ordered delivery of the special for the week which included double pepperoni, prosciutto, garlic cloves with garlic butter crust and it was well worth our wait which was an hour and 15 minutes. Leaving New Orleans tomorrow I'm sad I didn't discover this place sooner.Wow!! That was good food.  We had a pizza and Greek salad.  Please consider making a larger pie!!While it wasn't what I expected it was pretty good. we had a pepperoni and the daily special which was Philly cheese steak. We did not care for the Philly cheesesteak too much , as it was hard to eat as a pizza do too the water that came from the veggies. The pepperoni was good and no complaints. We also had the seafood augratin. Which was phenomenal. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the chef was extremely informed and spent time with all the customers in the restaurant. I'm not sure if the restaurant will get servers in the future, but I think it would benefit from it. Although maybe my idea of what it would be ruined the experience.Amazing.  And I'm from New York.  Solo carna is a must try.  I went with a group of 7 people and we bought 4 pies.  Everything came out to under 8 bucks a person including tip.  The restaurant itself is very classy but casual at the same timethe pizza was ok
the service counter guy kind of was stinky and grungy looking, not something i enjoy when i'm about to order food from someone
the owner (i think) seemed very nice and well informed
they didn't put the pancetta on my salad, had to ask stinky guy for it
unfortunately probably won't be back but sounds like lots of other people enjoyed it so maybe i just had a bad experience. i've only been once so take it or leave it.On Sunday, 6/28/15, I went to Dolce Vita and was really looking forward to it. I ordered the moscato sangria which was good. I would've ordered another one if the server asked. We ordered the garlic bread with both sauces. It was $1.50 to get both ranch and marinara. Not a big deal, but the server should've told us about the extra cost instead of finding out on the bill. The garlic bread was good. Not the best. I can't say I tasted much garlic. It took at least 20 minutes to come out when there was only one other table in the restaurant. They seem to do a lot of delivery but in house customers should be prioritized. We then ordered the Margarita and Venice pizzas. Both initially tasted fine. We are from NY and have had good pizza. It wasn't the best but it had good flavor and was tasty. Finished with the Nutella tiramisu, which tasted more like chocolate tiramisu. It was not moist as tiramisu should be. Service was somewhat slow however our server was nice.  
What really bothers me is that about 20 minutes after eating, both me and my boyfriend felt extremely sick. We clearly ate something bad from Dolce Vita.One of four best pizzas in town. Be specific with what you order, I find it common to get something different than what's expected. Regardless, if you haven't tried this place yet, you must give it a try!The pizza was good and enough was left over to take to the hotel. Atmosphere was average and drinks overpriced. Used a Groupon and the establishment appeared to have a hard time understanding how it worked. Hearing the employees speak overtly about sexual issues was unusual.Mama Mia!  I could tell you that I am Italian and that means my opinion should matter.  I could tell you that I am a New Orleanian and that means my opinion should matter.  I could tell you that I have had a slice of every pizza offering in Orleans Parish (twice) so that means my opinion should matter.  All I am going to say is go try this pizza and you will NOT be disappointed.  I had the Vesuvius Salad and a Solo Carne pizza for lunch (didn't finish pizza obviously) and it was all wonderful!  And they delivered it to the CBD to boot!  It is a must try!We stopped in late tonight and the bartender recommended the Venice pizza. Knocked it out of the park! Staff was very friendly, helpful and made us feel like family! We will definitely be back our next time in Nola!!!Nice place good food great service try the fennel sausage and artichoke heart pizza it's greatFirst time in new Orleans and hotel was near. Received great service and smiles. If in the area. It is worth a nice dine in great experience!I just read a really bad review of this place on Nola.com. I love this place! I have a condo in the building and get pizza from them probably twice a month. The special is always interesting and I love their salads. Felt I should say something as the on-line paper just dissed them.Simple put....this is great pizza! My husband and I have been on our own pizza tour throughout the city and I have come back to Dolce Vita time and time again to satisfy the craving that other places couldn't.  Their pie is just better. Do yourself a favor, stop reading into the reviews and give it a shot! Great atmosphere, great service, great beer selection, and excellent food.Excellent pizza! The solo carne was very good... though a bit salty toward the end... but that's only bc I ate the whole pie in one sitting! I just couldn't stop! The chef special of the night was also very good, nice to see the chef stepping out of the box.. don't let the minimal decor stop you from enjoying this great food, I really hope this one makes itMy wife is from New Haven, and she has turned me into a pizza snob. While this isn't New Haven-style apizza, their pepperoni pie is pretty damn good.  And since they offer salads on the menu, we usually go here instead of Ancora. 
Dear Dolce Vita: Please don't listen to the reviewers who complain about the amount of cheese/sauce, etc. Keep on doing what you're doing.Good thin crust chewy pizza just the way I like it! I had it delivered to my hotel room, waiting time was about an hour.  My pizza was a bit cold by the time I ate it.  They forgot to deliver my pepper flakes! :(
Salad was good, but I put in too much dressing so it was too sour.. 
I think it would taste much better and hotter if I ate at the restaurant..Great food!  Not so great service, only one person working so it took a long while to get our pizzas. When they got our order wrong, they got mad at us when we told them the pizza we received wasn't what we had ordered.  Love the story of the owner, and again excellent food, maybe they just need new employees.  This pizza really does compare to Domenica, but don't expect the great dining experience.The pizza and toppings were top-notch. The  pepperoni was the good stuff and slice just right. The crust was toasted on the bottom and still pliable on the edges. It was the first time I saw my kid eat the crusts. The place is a little spartan and when we visited it was a one man show. Still, he did a nice job of doing it all. We'd go again if we were local. We tried Dominica too and preferred the pizza and service here.Great pizza! We stopped in here as a parade was going on out front and were seated right away. We needed a break from the heavy Cajun/creole cuisine so we opted for some pizza. We ordered the Pepperoni and Florence, and both were very good. Perfect amount of sauce and toppings, and the crust is great if you are a fan of Neapolitan style pizza. Staff was attentive and food came out fairly quick.  I'd give 5 stars for the pizza, but 4 stars since I ordered the Vesuvius wedge salad...not a huge fan.This is my favorite kind of pizza. The crust is PERFECT!My wife and I went here for the first time tonight.  By large, this is some of the best pizza I've had in the city, if not the best (comparable, if not superior to Domenica and Tower of Pizza [which is NY style, so probably not an apt comparison]).  The owner is super nice and helpful...the menu is simple, but provides options...I can't recommend this place enough.  We will be back.As someone visiting NOLA with not many options for hotel delivery, I really wanted to order delivery and be able to leave a good review for Dolce Vita. I even included a 25% tip when placing my order on EatStreet to encourage it. It came in a little over an hour on a Wednesday night, which would've been fine if the pizza had been warm and / or better than average. I also ordered the Rockefeller which was ok (I didn't eat more than a few bites) and slightly warm, but I'm desperately trying to get it out of my hotel room now because I can't stand the smell. I agree with past reviewers--stop delivering. I should've just ordered room service.After a long day of traveling my husband and I were  in search of a quick and easy dinner option. We had difficulty locating a pizza place nearby that offered full pizzas. Most of the places we found offered pizza by the slice, which is great, but not what we wanted. After an unsuccessful (and very brief) scavenger hunt through the French quarter we opted to have pizza delivered to our hotel.  Dolce Vita Pizzeria was the perfect choice!
We opted to "create your own" pizza: 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 green bell peppers and yellow onions. We started the order online but noticed there was the option to add "shredded mozzarella" or add "extra cheese". We weren't sure if we needed to specify cheese online so we ended up placing our order over the phone. For anyone that does order online, the standard pizza does include mozzarella cheese as well though so there's no need to add that specifically. 
Some reviewers noted challenges with the delivery process. We had no such difficulties. The food arrived within 20 minutes, was fresh and warm, and overall, it was a very smooth process. 
The pizza was great. There was only one size pizza and it was enough for 2. We also ordered the garlic bread which I would highly recommend. I ordered a side of the buttermilk ranch for my pizza and was pleasantly surprised by the awesome flavor. I would definitely eat here again if I were in town longer.I ordered a pizza on seamless and the time estimate was an hour or a little bit more. An hour later they called me to tell me they wouldn't be able to get to me tonight. Why they couldn't tell me an hour earlier is beyond me because now everything else is closed.AMAZING pizza, the chef is super chill too. Great service, great food, and the environment is nice. They play alot of music from the 70s but its super relaxing.Pizza is extremely important to me so I eat a lot of it. This is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I rarely write yelp reviews but I was compelled to for this place. It's amazing.The food was great, but the service we received was horrible.  We ordered a salad with our pizza and waters.  It took twenty minutes to get our salad and our server never brought our drinks.  When we asked for our drinks our server acted like it was an issue and was slamming the cups and ice behind the bar.This place serves great neapolitan style pizza! My husband and I shared a caesar salad and a margherita pizza. Both dishes were delicious. The sauce was really flavorful and the cheese and basil were plentiful. Criticisms would be the restaurant decor: replace the ugly long dead roses in the vases and clean the grooves in the tables where obvious crumbs and other dirt is accumulating. Also, the size of the salad didn't seem to justify the price. These defects don't change the fact that the food was fabulous, hence the 5 stars; we'd go back in a heartbeat.Sooooo yummy!!!! The crust has the perfect crispness, and smoked taste. The sauce is just as perfect. I ate the whole thing in one sitting :/ guilty. I will definitely be back and a regular customer. Co-0wner was also a super nice guy.HORRIBLE! I'd give it zero stars if that was possible! Not sure if the food or the service was worse. They delivered to our hotel so we requested plates for the pizza, napkins and forks for our salad.....forgot ALL of them! Ordered bottled water. Forgot both of them! That's ok, we can work through that. Pizza...COLD! And even if it wasn't, doubt it would have been much better. Salad.....one of the worst I've ever had! Costco spinach, a handful of some apple slices and a scoop of cheese. 
I love giving good reviews to restaurants that deserve it but this place is bad. Not sure if they paid for the positive reviews or what!This place has the best crust I've ever had in my entire life. Crisp on the outside, delightfully chewy on the inside. Fresh ingredients, delicious pizza. I definitely are more than I should here, it is that good.First time in NOLA and the pizza was by far the best we have ever had.  Being picky eaters we highly recommend this place.  Pizza was d'lish.  Got a chance to meet the owner. Very nice and friendly. Looking forward to going back.The flavors of the sauce and cheese in the margherita pizza kept me smiling long after I had left. Fantastic wine selections. Definitely worth a visit.The girly decided she wanted to spend her cheat day carbs on pizza. And she had heard good things about this place (from Yelp).
Since I don't eat Pizza, I thought I'd spend my carbs on some chicken wings, so why not go with her and we'd both be happy?
Walking in, it's sparse but tastefully decorated. I do like the tables and the mix of benches and regular chairs. The pizza oven is nice looking and the people were quite friendly. 
I still hate counter ordering as I find it lazy, especially in such a small place where one waiter/waitress could work the whole place and not break a sweat. But it seems more and more places go for the do it yourself thing while still expecting tips...but I digress.
SO...On to pizza and wings...
Sadly, they don't have chicken wings and nothing but salads and carbs. So no joy for fatman's carb cheats there.
So I sat and watched the Girly eat her pizza.
It came out quickly, and even though I told the guy I don't eat pizza and don't like red sauce, he still brought out an extra plate. I will err on the side of him just being friendly and not arrogant to think his pizza would sweep me off my feet after hating the stuff for 40+ years. Because seriously, the people there really were friendly and polite. He even offered me a water so I'd have something to do while she ate.
Here is why it's only 3 stars. The pizza, in the end, just wasn't that special. The crust was crispy and nice (or so she tells me) but the toppings were very scarce. The had a hard time finding any cheese and they dollop the sauce on in little puddles. She said the sauce had an oddly sweet flavor like they added a bit too much sugar. All in all, other than the crust, she thought it was a bit...underwhelming.
SO while she did eat her pizza, she thought it really wasn't worth driving over the river for, nor was it worth spending her cheat day carbs on.
Luckily, she finished up quickly and we were able to head off for something for me.
She gave the actual taste of the pizza a 2 1/2 but I added a half-star just because of the people.
I'm thinking that since we came there at an odd time, maybe the pizza guy wasn't really into it. 
She said she would go back if she happened to be around there or in a group but it wouldn't be worth trying to park or fight traffic for.Soooooo awesomely good. We had the wedge salad which I had non idea what to expect with that list of ingredients but man, I cannot wait to try and recreate this. So good, even my boyfriend who only eats salad as a filler wanted more. The meatball sandwich I figured, well, it'll be a meatball sandwich. Omg! The meatballs had some spice in them that just took it up a notch, incredible. Then the pepperoni pizza.. I read the reviews and figured people must have just been hungry. No, this pizza is beyond great, the crust is fresh, cheese and sauce fresh, and the pepperoni was out of this world. This place has the hook up on fresh and just taking the recipe a little further to make it awesome. Plus they delivered to our hotel after everyone was too burnt out to go get dinner!!I have been a big fan of Dolce Vita since it's food truck days. The pizza is the best I have had in New Orleans or Baton rouge. The dough is the perfect combinations of chewy and crispy. The toppings are al high quality, from the pepperoni to the weekly specials. Speaking of the specials, they are some of the most creative pizzas i've ever had. BBQ Pork with orange BBQ sauce, Duck with peaches and whiskey gastrique, korean short ribs with pineapple and sirachi, and others. Chef Bogdan is an amazing cook, and a character.
Eat at Dolce Vita. Eat their oftenService was slow. Asked for sweet tea but waitress said she didn't have enough. Asked for root beer then waitress came back and said they're out. The food tasted decent.I used to eat here a lot when Chef Bogdan ran the place. By a lot , I mean over 30 times. My review at that time was 5 stars.  Some time last year, Chef Bogdan hung up his chef's hat and bowed out of the business.  Since then, nothing has been the same. 
On my most recent visit,  I order a single pizza and garlic bread.   The garlic bread took over 20 minutes (use to take 5 min)  to arrive and when they did arrive they were COLD! Very disappointing.  
    When I inquired about what was taking so long,  I was informed that the chef was making all pizza for the for tables seated in the restauraunt at once, a concept that truely puzzles me. When I witnessed a table that had just ordered get served their pizza immediately, I lost it. We had somewhere to be and chose pizza because it's usually quick and delicious. 
   After 35 minutes of waiting,  we paid for the cold breadsticks and we left, hungry and irritated. When we left, the pizza was not in the oven yet. 
I find this experience especially disappointing because I truely loved Dolce Vita, but each time I've eaten there since Chef left has been a bad experience.  Maybe, if you never ate here when Bogdan was in charge, you will like it...By far the best pizza in New Orleans, equally impressive as Domenica, better dough recipe. Impressive spot on flavors, wood fired oven roasts the savory thin crust perfection, freshest sourced ingredients make this place shine. And shine it does. Chef Bogdan & Jeramy are true masters of their craft.UPDATED REVIEW: well, two days after I posted this they no longer delivered to Treme. Only a mile and a half radius, apparently, because their delivery driver is on bike. This wouldn't be a big deal, but they no longer outsource through grubhub or couchster.
sad day, y'all. i really needed some marg pizza in my life. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW:Oh this PIZZA! i discovered dolce vita when I moved to a part of the city delivery drivers appear to eschew (where's the love for Treme, yall?) Luckily, Dolce Vita not only delivers, but does it quickly for a reasonable fee. 
I pretty constantly get the Margherita pizza, and lord have mercy it is delicious. I'm very fussy about pizza, and this is some of the best available in New Orleans. The sauce is lovely, the basil is fresh, and the crust is tasty. What more could a girl ask for?Order pizza that was over cooked, called to let know I was not happy with order. Offered me a 20% discount if i order tomorrow?! Also was told that the pizza is supposed to be dark around the edges. Will not be ordering again.Maybe it was a bad night.  I was excited about this place based on what I had read here.  Am mostly a Slice fan but wanted to try Dolce Vita.
It was a Friday evening when I called to order two pizzas.  He apologized and told me there was a huge party there at the time and mine would take a little longer than usual to be ready.  No big deal, I had to drive cross town to get there.
I got to the joint, no problem parking and went it.  I suppose the large group had just left because the inside looked like a train wreck.  But I have to say the dining area was disappointing.  Nothing cozy about it.  Barny, poor acoustics, and unremarkable.  I don't think I want to return and eat in.
As to the pizzas, maybe I should have read less reviews.  I expected to be blown away.  I wasn't.  The sauce is indeed tasty, and the outer edge of the crust was browned nicely and crunchy.  Oh to have had a little of that wood fired crunch anywhere else, but the crust from the outside in was undercooked on both pizzas.  I went for the crust and that was the worst part.  
Overall, the pies were okay.  Just okay.  The guy cooking who obviously took may order and later took my money was as pleasant as he could be.  Very polite.  On the other hand, his dweeb assistant was, let's say, less than cordial.  Maybe because he had to clean up after the herd had left.
I'll probably try it again.  Maybe, maybe not.  But at Slice I know what I'm getting.  And I realize it's all about personal tastes and preferences.  I respect those who think Dolce Vita Pizza rocks.  But for my taste and preferences, pizza here was a real let down.Very creative menu! Love the salad dressing, my pizza was exactly as I ordered it, the dessert was the bomb. Delivery was 30 min late, but it was hot and worth the wait.I don't recommend delivery. Our food was cold when it got to us so we were pretty disappointed. The flavor and customer service was pretty good though so I'm sure we would have enjoyed it much more if we dined in.By far the best pizza spot in the city. I had the Solo Carne pizza topped with prosciutto, parma, and sopressata. The crust was crispy just the way I like... Highly recommend this placeCoal fired pizza at its tastiest!  Tried the Venice pie and a plain cheese pie. The crust on both pies were light and crunchy. Can you say garlic - garlic - garlic on the cheese but so yummy and the red sauce was Italian perfection. The Venice was heavily adorned with fresh veggies and meats with a light balsamic vinegar reduction.  Great pizza and a central location on St. Charles.Chef incompetent, waitress don't want to be here, employees lazy! Food mediocre! Price $$$ never coming back. Pies are burnt! Apps cold. From order to service 46 mins with 3 tables in the entire buildingSo I have to say I have NEVER been treated so rudely in my life as I was at this restaurant. I came here after purchasing a Groupon and when I presented it to the waitress she said the owner is not here and he normally deals with Groupons so she sent a manager over to speak with us. He said the deal was for 1 pizza and 2 tap beers. I said the deal was for 2 pizzas and 2 beers and he was very rude and said that's not the deal and walked away. The waitress came back and I explained that the $13 pizza and 2 beers ($3/5) only added up to $21 and that the amount payed for the Groupon was $28 and the value of the Groupon was for $41. So basically what he was offering was way undervaluing what was purchased. She explained that's what he said and that's what you are allowed. I attempted to speak with the manager again who yelled at me and said what do you want I am too busy and already explained it once. Mind you there was only one other table in the establishment who was finished eating and 3 employees at the time. He was just being outright rude. At this point I was so upset that we left. I am posting a photo of the deal to prove I was correct about what the groupon was for and the manager was defiantly not. 
I get it Groupons can be a pain but if an establishment sells them they should honor them. I will never return here and would give it a 0 if I could.Stopped here after seeing this restaurant on yelp. Everything was amazing. Pizza was fresh and homemade. It was delicious. Also tried the nutella timasu. It was so good. Service was excellent. The owner guy was so nice and friendly. The atmosphere was cute and the experience was incredible.I'd give zero stars if I could. We ordered delivery and live less than a mile away.  After an hour of no delivery, we called and were told that our order was out the door. Another hour of no delivery later,  we called again to find out that they were simply "too busy to handle their orders." 
The manager got on the phone and told us that the delivery was en route and offered 50% off the pizza and not the entire order (we ordered a salad too)after we told him that we were walking to Wood instead. We told him we would walk back and accept the order for free and tip the delivery driver. He dais he "couldn't do that without calling the owner" and he wasn't going to call the owner that late at night. So we told him we weren't going to pay anything for the late delivery and the lies an hour earlier and we walked to Wood and had a superior experience.We ordered delivery and the delivery time was pretty good - they estimated an hour but delivered in about 45 minutes. Unfortunately, it wasn't all our order. I ordered a meatball sandwich and they brought me chicken wings. I called and they told me that the delivery driver gave me part of the order for his next stop and that he would call him and have him come right back. I waited 30 minutes in the hotel lobby and finally gave up. Sometime later, the driver called and said he was there and I went to meet him and give back the chicken wings. The meatball sandwich was (naturally) cold and soggy. They gave us a piece of Nutella tiramisu but I really wanted a nice dinner. My husband's pizza was fair but the brick-oven baking burned it a bit on the bottom.Eclecticism at it's best. The result is amazing food, good prices, and 4 visits by us since the restaurant opened. Salads and pasta dishes are as excellent as the pizza.Tried this spot for the first time a few days ago. My boyfriend and I were arguing over where to eat dinner so I jumped on Yelp and chose Dolce Vita based solely on reviews. It was a risk that paid off because this pie definitely makes the "Top 3 Best Pizzas I've Ever Had" list. Even my uber skeptical boyfriend was amazed. He ordered the egglant parmesan wrap and said it was really good as well, but he ended up sneaking at least 3 pieces of my pepperoni pizza because it was just too delicious to pass up. Also, the staff there were so polite and enjoyable to deal with. 
The only negative I can think of (and it's a minor one) is that the pizza is salty. But that might just be because I ordered the pepperoni. I'm looking forward to returning to try the margarita - apparently it's their signature pie.Super fast, made to order, delicious pizza. & tons of options. Love the decor, love the food, LOVE the price. We stopped in between 2-5 for happy hour and got a ton of food and some beer for a very reasonable price. They're fairly new (7 months), and I was impressed.I live nearby so I decided to give their pizza a try.  With many trips to nyc under my belt I feel it's only fair to give the benefit of the doubt to a pizza restaurant in Cajun country. 
I had the marguerita (sp?) pizza.  It was ok.  Just ok. Not enough sauce or cheese. Mediocre flavor. The waiter was extremely friendly and helpful.  A for service. D for food.  Was hoping for better.1 star for 3 hour delivery time: I ordered an app, salad, pizza, and dessert on a Thursday night at around 7:45pm from GrubHub. Projected delivery time: 9:20. That seemed long, but not ridiculously so. At 9:45 I called to check on my order. First, they incorrectly stated that I only ordered an hour ago (as opposed to 2). Then, they said it would be another 30 - 45 minutes due to being slammed by a sports tournament in town. I've worked in food service for a number of years, so I get it, but it's pretty rude to not call me personally and notify me. When I asked them if I could have some sort of discount or refund or SOMETHING for my 3 hours wait, the woman I talked to asked to go through GrubHub for that. GH did their part and contacted DVP, but Dolce Vita refused any sort of refund or discount. To think that nothing could be done, no additional app could be thrown in, is pretty mind boggling.
The food quality fine, but not excellent. Of course, it wasn't hot. The woman I dealt with was polite, though unbending and kept repeating the excuse of the tournament.  
But a 3 hour wait for food with no sort of comp, additional food/drink, or sign of sincere regret? That is not how you manage a business if you want to retain clients. I'm new to NOLA and now know to just take my business elsewhere.Came to give this place a try. Had just recently been to Grimaldi's in BR and wanted to keep the pizza itch going. This place was a disaster from the beginning. Our table of three was seated and we place orders. Well, to our dismay about fifteen minutes after ordering the server came back and informed us that they were out of wings. No problem, I totally understand that this happens in restaurants. Well it took almost an hour for a kids pepperoni and our other pizza to come out. The server brought us complimentary truffle chips for our wait. Well... these ended up being Zaps chips drenched in something, I'm not sure what the hell it was. They were absolutely gross. 
By the time the pies came out I was starving. The pizza had no flavor and the crust was the equivalent to eating a thin sponge. My seven year old hated his pie too. (And this dude eats EVERYTHING)
This was a huge disappointment. No chance I'll be back there.Hard to give this place a three.  I'd had it once before ( delivery) and it was good pizza.  Very thin crust which I preferred. 
Ordered for pick up tonight. When I went in to pick it up I was very relieved I wasn't dining in.  The place has a very strong ammonia smell that is almost stomach turning.   
Nevertheless, I did try the pizza tonight.  The Florence is packed with veggies, but I found that they were too wet, leaving the base crust very soggy.  The ranch was very garlic-y and good consistency.  
Hard to say if I would choose to
Go back.  Possibly for the parmigiana wings ?The owner, Zach, shows that he cares very much about customers and his restaurant. The Greek & spinach salads are simple & delicious. The pizza is up there with the best I've ever had, with light crust & fresh ingredients. Fantastic experience, highly recommend!The pizza here is simply remarkable! The pepperoni, Milan or Venice is the freshest and most delicious you'll find anywhere. Great, excellent...!!!!best pizza in the city, and it's not even close!!  The owner is always there every time we come.  He is very nice and always gets us to try his new creations.  Never a disappointment!  Dolce Vita uses nothing but the best ingredients in their food.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  They just started delivering, so that's also a plus.Excellent pizza that has a great flavor due to the wood oven. The only drawback here is the price is a little steep for a pizza that is not that much bigger than a personal pizza. If you and a friend share a pizza with a salad than that would be a good move at making this place more affordable. I wish they sold by the slice must they do. All in all its a very good pizza if you split the price.This was a tough one for me. I think I'm going to go with 3.5 stars. One of the big selling points of this place is that it's open late (until midnight), even during the week. In a city that likes to brag that it's all about the night life. that's hard to come by.
Me and a friend had gone to an event earlier in the evening when we realized we hadn't eaten. I jumped onto my Yelp app, did a quick search and saw that this was one of the few places still open in the area, after nine- perfect.
We started with the truffle chips, which was kettle cooked chips topped with truffle oil and cheese. I think this must be the new trend in apps as this is the third time I have had this somewhere. I don't know why I always expect it to be more spectacular than it really is. For my pizza I got the pepperoni pizza which came topped with a really generous serving of pepperoni. I liked it and although the pizza is cooked in a wood oven, it was evenly cooked and not charred on the bottom. Was it the best pizza in the world? No, but I was really hungry so it definitely hit the spot.
The staff here is friendly, and although the pizza takes a while to come out, I would say that it's worth the wait. This wouldn't be my first choice when looking for a good pie, but I would eat here again.We did delivery and got 2 pizzas and garlic bread with marinara sauce! Everything was great! Pizzas were a smaller smaller than I pictured but I just didn't picture the correct size. I was picturing normal large size pizzas from a chain. They were authentic and really good sauce! Would recommend the margarita pizza and Italian meats pizza.We are here visiting NOLA for the volleyball tournament this weekend and every restaurant around the convention center is completely booked for dinner. So, my family decided to get food delivered to our hotel room since it has been a very long day. We called 4 other restaurants before we came across Dolce Vita and the other restaurants either hung up on us or put us on a long hold for several minutes. I ordered online at 9:30 pm and received my order at 10:15 pm. What fantastic service! The food was still piping hot! The Milano pizza was perfect! I also ordered the jumbo garlic parm chicken wings and they sure are jumbo! I would have given this place 5 stars but the chicken was lacking flavor. However, my 10 year old son begs to differ. He loved it and he thought it had the right amount of flavor but he was also dunking it in ranch dressing. I would also recommend the Naples pizza. I highly recommend this restaurant and the delivery guy was so nice and thoughtful! He was worried I didn't have enough hands to bring our order back up to our room! Great food and great service!Ordered standard pepperoni pizza - In town for a convention and didn't want to venture out for my food. Saw this place had a high rating so I ordered delivery to the hotel. It was a busy Saturday night and expected an hour or more for delivery but they guy showed up in about 40 minutes. Very pleased with the speed of delivery. It was smaller than I had hoped for the price but perfect size for one person. Delivery always makes it a tad bit soggy but that is unavoidable and can't be held against them. Super great  flavor. Big slices of pepperoni. Nice fresh tasting sauce. An all around good pie.I love this place!!!!  And my daughter says "it is the best pizza she has ever had".  I tend to agree.  
Perfect crust, perfect amount of sauce, perfect amount of cheese and the amount of pepperoni they give you on the Pepperoni Pizza (which is our favorite) is insane.  Definitely one of the best pies in the city!
Super - friendly staff with Owner on-premesis.  Clean, slick facility.  Great pizza.  Not much left to say....
Phenomenal addition to the Garden District food scene!I ordered the Venice pizza and Nutella tiramisu. I am in love! The thin, slightly crisp yet soft enough crust is delicious and I couldn't get enough of the balsamic drizzle on top of the pizza, it was so good, I was mopping it up from the sides of the box with my crust! I have never had roast squash in a pizza before, I have been missing out!
Nutella tiramisu was light and oh so chocolatey. I total winner, I highly suggest you indulge yourself. 
Delivery was pretty quick and delivery guy was friendly and polite.
Pizza was hot and tiramisu was still nice and chilled.Great people yummy pizza.  A place you can feel welcome.  It was great treat being a local to take a ride on the street car. And jumping off and finding new places to visit.Great pizza! Great service, definitely would go back! Another one of the restaurants we went to randomly, guess we couldn't go wrong in New OrleansThree of us shared a margherita, a solo carne, and a pepperoni pizza. They were
all delicious, and we will definitely be eating here again. Agree that table service would be nice, but our pizza was brought out to us after we ordered at the counter. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall very enjoyable.Came here because the Yelp reviews.
The chef was so helpful and personable!
We had the chef special, which was italian meats and veggies. 
Was an incredible pizza and experience!Extraordinary pizza, stellar service. Donna was our waitress and she is the perfect blend of personal and professional. 
If it's your first time there, take her advice and order the Margarita pizza!I tried to order online through Yelp but they did not deliver to my hotel- Grubhub to the rescue.  I was exhausted and wanted to chill in my room with a wood fired pie.  When I saw they had a Stefano Ferrara wood fired oven that was shipped directly  from Italy.  I knew I found my pie.  Beats whatever the concierge at the Hilton suggested.
The pie had a nice char, was thin, crisp yet chewy.  I went with the Milano.  It had capicola, prosciutto, sopressata, and pancetta.  I am not sure what cheese was featured but it was nice but not fresh mozzarella.
To finish I had the Nutella tiramisu.  It really hit the spot.  Nice and creamy with an espresso kick.  I just wish they would have included some napkins and a fork.  I had to call room service for that.I ordered in lunch a couple weeks ago, and I was sorely disappointed by my meal.  Now, I didn't have pizza, and I've heard the pizza is very good, so I'll have to give them another shot.
But, I had the Insalata de la Casa, which is mixed greens, roma tomatoes, focaccia croutons, shaved radishes, and garlic reggiano dressing.  I also had shrimp added to it.  First, it was warm, which, bleh.  This salad was not meant to be warm, and if it was, then that is gross.  Secondly, it was very small.  I know it's a lunch salad, but for $7 (plus $2 more for shrimp), I expect more.  And it was drenched in the dressing.  The dressing was good, but it just had a lot.
Lesson: don't get salad delivered.Pizza: 4.5
No exaggeration, this is probably the best pizza I've had in the USA. The oven is from Napoli, and produces this absolutely delightful crust that is light, fluffy, and amazing. With a smoky wood-burnt taste which reminded me of Florence. Wow. You can see it being made in that bright red oven.
I got the Sicily -  duck confit, Georgia peaches, buffalo mozzeralla, parmigiana,drizzled with bourbon glaze. Wow, perfect balance of umami ingredients and sweet peaches. The highlight was the crust. Seriously the 3rd/4th best crust I've had in my life.
 The only downside was the overly dry duck. I prefer it to be more moist.
Check it out.This place is horrible just got home to eat my pizza. Taste like all ingredients are spoiled and rotten. Horrible I do not recommend this placeI typically don't review restaurants at all. I will say the delivery service really sucks. Ordered food at a 7:45 and was finally delivered around 9:10. The food was ok, but terribly cold. This is probably a good sit down or takeout restaurant, but the delivery is terrible.The pasta special (penne a la vodka) had terrific flavor and pizza had a magnificent crust. Even if I didn't work in the neighborhood, I'd make a trip for this pizza.Nice atmosphere, delicious & extremely quick food. We ordered the pepperoni and veggie pizza, and both were awesome!!! They literally took 3 mins to cook. The owner was very nice and helpful. We will definitely go again.We were staying down the road and just passed by. What an amazing walk in for us. The owner is friendly and explains everything on the menu with great detail. We had a half and half Bianca and Solo Carne pizza and the spinach salad. They were spectacular. 
The music is great, the atmosphere is rustic meets modern. A great place to eat delicious pizza.Delivery service was top notch. Awesome pizza, closest I've tasted to the pizza I had in Italy! Also the Nutella tiramisu is a must, so moist and delicious. Thanks for the wonderful service Dolce Vita!Oh wow. The pizzas were amazing. We finished our two and had to order another...however,  we were a mixed family, black and white, and we did not receive the same service that an all white family received while there...there were 6 of us, 3 of whom were young children. The kids were served drinks without lids (originally)  we had to ask for some (all three kids were under the age of 4). As for my oldest, she had to actually walk up to the bar for a refill...and to tell them I wanted another drink, as well. My best friend was not even offered a refill. They did give the babies' drinks for free, which was cool, but the other family I mentioned came in after us, was served before us, and both the lady and the man actually engaged in conversation with their table, while largely ignoring ours.  We even had to ask for our check after staring at each other for a bit.. I really felt some major discrimination there. Funny thing is, I'm part Italian, and also usually a good tipper(I work for tips, so I understand the struggle, and I know poor customer service when I experience it)...but not this time...i would order again, but now im unsure if they value their patrons of color. I'm Caucasian,  my best friend is African american, and our children are all of mixed race. Really felt discrimination here, unlike everywhere else in Nola. If you're black, or mixed, or white with mixed race children,  order only to go.  The pizza is authentic,  and delicious, but the service-not so nice.Great food awesome people the chef is damn great and so chill and the lady who works with him is phenomenal, great atmosphere. the milano pizza and the Tuscany are the best pizzas ever and the caprese sandwich has and amazing earthy flavor its a must to go to place if you visit New Orleans.Sunday is a great day to frequent this otherwise busy restaurant. Pizza is delicious as well as the wine 
:)  My family and I enjoyed our food and our waitress was great! I absolutely love brick oven pizza,  but New Orleans is lacking in this area. Dolce Vita caters to my craving for great pizza! Thanks to Groupon for urging me to buy this deal!!We were staying in the French Quarter and ordered a pizza at 7:37pm they said 45 min bc they were busy. I called at 9:05pm to see where the pizza was and to see if they forgot. The lady said its about to go out we are next up, wow!  So then an hour later, Now a little after 10:00pm!!!!!! it finally arrived. $16 for a pepperoni pizza delivered over 2 1/2 hours late!!!!My wife has mentioned this pizza forever, as the chef used to have a food truck in Baton Rouge, where she works. We're in New Orleans for Mardi Gras and dropped in so that I could finally try his pizza.  He is geared up for Mardi Gras today  - the menu was reduced to handle the crowd - so we tried the standard pepperoni pizza. And there was nothing standard about it.   I can't wait to try this place again. Five stars no question.It took over TWO hours for a delivery less than a mile away. Called the place twice 30 minutes apart, both times told it was en route. Neither time was it true. The last call was even yelled at by the manager. Do not order from this place!Service was slow. Food had cheese on everything we ordered. Waitress needed to drink a red bull or something to put some pep in her step.On one of our last days in NOLA, we visited this fine establishment. After a day of touristy adventures, we were hungry quite early (4-5 ish) and we decided to stop in for some pizza. If course, we had the place to ourselves at that odd hour, and the service was great! We started with the delicious garlic bread, and had a margherita pizza which was absolutely amazing. We almost asked for a second. 
We asked for tiramisu for dessert, and they realized they were missing some ingredients of the tiramisu. They brought brought us a taste of the nutella cream they put on it. I can only imagine how delicious the whole tiramisu is. Everything was absolutely perfect!Best parade on Mardi Gras day. You can try and debate me if you like but *Kanye Shurg* people get up and six outside at 6am for this bih so yeah.  Great music coming from almost every float. They've reclaimed an art form that once mocked us as a people.I had no idea what to expect. I sat down at the bar. The bartender Donna was cute and awesome. We are hair twins. Well, I'm her little hair sibling. 
So this fly girl comes and sits next to me. Needless to say I'm floored and trying hard to impress with my knowledge of whiskey and the basketball game happening on the TV.  It's totally working-- she lets me buy her a drink. Slam drunk, amirite?
So then the pizza comes (ordered the Margherita and the Pepperoni). WHOA. Amazing. And I should know, I wear pizza socks. The basil was super fresh, the mozzarella perfect and the crust baked to perfection. 
Dolce Vita was excellent. Fun, casual ambience, amiable staff, and colorful regulars. Will definitely be back.Fairly new place and not bad! I keep hearing good reviews about their pizza so i decided to try the Solo Carne. Meat everywhere on it! I loved everything about it, the dough was surprisingly very soft considering it was a thin crust type deal. From looking at the pizza at first sight i didn't think i would get full from that, but near the end it filled me up quickly. 
The place also had choices for pastas, which I want to come back and try. I definitely tried their Nutella Tiramisu and Limoncello Di Sorrento!
I am not usually a lime fan in my desserts, but the Limoncello was my favorite! Of course the nutella one was amazing too, you can never go wrong with nutella. 
Coming back!Stopped in here this past Saturday night to get our pizza fix on.  The 1st thing that surprised me was the venue itself.  It's a store front for a condo building.  So the atmosphere doesn't really fit the name or at least what I was picturing.  You walk in and there is this oversized baseball helmet looking thing, that the chef, owner, beer pourer, cashier, waitress and overall nice guy is operating. (He has helpers but he is all over the place working his ass off).  This large baseball looking helmet is the wood fired pizza oven.  You can actually look in and see the wood burning.
We ordered a Margherita pizza and the Solo Carne.  The Margherita was pretty tasty with fresh basil.  I don't think he used the traditional buffalo mozzerella(since the pizza was only 12.00) but the sauce was a really good with just a hint of sweet.  The Solo Carne which I think is Italian for salt, has like 6 italian meats on it and was a little too salty for me but other wise pretty good.  The star of this pizza as everyone else said was the crust.  He could just toss some dough and bake it in that oven and it would be delish.
Washed this down with a Canebrake and brought the rest home for leftovers.  Perfect breakfast.