It pains me to write this review. Such a waste of excellent ingredients. So here it goes and I hope someone in management reads it. 
We ordered an octopus carpaccio and shaved brussel sprout salad to start followed by a pizza and crab linguini. The quality of the ingredients, and the recipes was superb. As was the cooking other than the linguini (just plain undercooked, I'm Italian, I was a cook, I don't need any lessons on al dente). Other than one issue, the food was not even warm when delivered to the table. 
Now pacing. Within minutes of giving the order, both starters came. Since so far our experience with NOLA is you get seriously rushed, we told the waiter we had plenty of time and slow things down. He replied no problem. Before we finished the appetizers someone from the kitchen delivered our 2 entrees. There was no room on the table for those let alone plates to eat the entrees on. Nor were any delivered. Nor was any serving wear delivered as we were sharing. Just plop the entrees down across the table from were we were sitting and leave. Viola, that's you fine dining experience. We rushed through the remainder of the appetizers, made our own space in the table, asked for clean plates and were introduced to the fact both the linguini and the pizza were stone cold. But the plates were warm, yes, odd. I could go on about the food prep as I was a cook but I'm letting it pass. 
Excellent ingredients totally wasted. We ate some, paid, left. Yes we made a mistake, we should have sent it all back and simply left.Came here for some pizza and was not disappointed by the spicy lamb meatball pizza. The ambiance here is nice; great place for a group date. Service was quick and friendly. Would come back here again.We ended up at Domenica because we tried to get fried chicken at Willie Mae's Scotch House and the wait was 90 minutes. In the hot sun. When we had a steamboat to catch. But I always have a backup plan and was happy to be able to squeeze Domenica into the schedule. 
The whole roasted cauliflower was good, but the whipped feta it came with was the winner. We were smearing that on our table bread. And eating it with a spoon. 
The tutto carne pizza was very good, and I also enjoyed the clam and prosciutto ones. Not the best I've had of this style, but still worthwhile. The endive salad was beautiful and delicious, too. We just all wished we'd had more belly space because we got full very fast.This place was great for a group. Lots of things to share and enjoy. Waitress was nice and attentive. Atmosphere is bustling and a bit noisy - but that was good for our large group of ladies. Meal favorites: eggplant, cauliflower, penne arrabiata, margarita pizza.Atmosphere: Chain-like contemporary. All hard surfaces. Paper placemats with menus printed on them, for those of you who want to relive your days as a kid dining at your family's favorite place on the interstate. Slightly elevated bar to one side. The noise level is normal for a CBD venue.
Service: Excellent. The waiter explained dishes and was attentive throughout.
Food: The calamari app is actually a calamari steak, although the menu does not say this. You get a lot of squid on the plate, so be prepared. The sauce and fresh lemon were really nice. 
The margherita pizza was a disaster, with no fresh mozzarella or tomatoes anywhere to be seen. Instead, a few swipes of sauce and some sort of cheese were painted onto the dry crust, producing a very strange dish. It was topped with the least amount of basil I have ever seen on a pizza. I was going to send it back, but I figured that it wouldn't get any better. The dish as served does not look anything like the picture on the Domenica website.
Chef Alon came out to say hello to a few tables, but not ours. This is probably good, as I was ready to explain to him just how bad the pizza was.
Update: After contacting the restaurant, we were invited back to give the place another try. This time, everything was excellent. The Quattro Formaggi Pizza and the other dishes were beautifully prepared and nicely served. The sous chef greeted us and invited me into the kitchen to see the wood-burning pizza oven.
The recovery gets Domenica four stars. That's the way to treat customers.So delicious. We came here because they were one of the restaurants listed on tabbed out (an app that allows you to open a tab and pay through your phone). The pizza was delicious! We got the marguerita, and did a half and half of the roasted carrot and beets, and the mushroom without the bacon and egg. They were both delicious. If you come between 2-5 all pizzas are half price. We also had the fried kale which was great too. Then came the hazelnut pudding for dessert, yum yum! The service was great and the ambiance was lovely for a date. As a heads up the restaurant is inside the Roosevelt hotel.We walked in on Sunday with no reservation and were told 15 mins wait but we saw empty tables.  We went to the bar and were totally ignored.  When the hostess came to show us to our table we let her know our disappointment at the bar, no reaction.   We were led to a table that was empty when we arrived so not sure why we had to wait.  
We ordered cocktails, but were not too impressed.   They were reasonably priced but just not quiet right.  I don't remember what they were called but one tasted like cough syrup was added to apple cider.   The other one was like a Mojito with ginger and it was pretty bad until I crushed the mint then it was ok.  Not to be repeated.  They were 11 each and not in the happy hour half off special.  
Moving on to the Pizza...this is why I gave it four stars...oh my.    The wild mushroom pizza was fantastic..the egg cooked perfectly.  Yum yum yum.  The carrot, beet, goat cheese with Brussel Sprouts and hazelnuts was a firm winner even with my dining partner who HATES Brussel sprouts.  It was delicious, a little sweet but oh my.   I had it cold for breakfast the next day and it tasted even better.   With the happy hour both pizzas were 6.50... What a bargain.  
We had a glass of wine each and were happy to see they were in the happy hour too.  
3-6 every day.   Half price pizza half price wine by the glass and special priced tapas of the day.Loooooveed Domenica! We came right from the airport and started our trip in NOLA with their amazing happy hour. They have a nice drink selection and the bread served with chili infused olive oil is to die for. I meant to ask if it could be purchased because I would have loved to take some home. We had the Caprese and Smoked Pork Pizza- both were awesome! 
While the food & drinks were great, the service was even better! Adam treated us well- he wrote out a list of his favorite places to eat & drink and went over the detes of each place. It was really nice having a local give us the inside scoop.Two Words. Roasted Cauliflower. Absolutely amazing, simple, vegetarian. Dessert wasn't amazing, I had a brioche with salted caramel ice cream, but maybe it was just a bad flavor. Mint Julep was alright but my pasta was flavorful and superb. I love living in New Orleans because of places like this.Went to Domenica for our first meal because of the rave reviews and proximity of the place to our hotel. Never before have I had such underwhelming food at such an overwhelming price. Ordered the bucatini for $20 which had a whopping 2 shrimps chopped into 6 pieces ( not sure if they were trying to fool people) and 3 fried oysters and boring pasta. My 6 yr old ears more pasta than what I got. My family said the best thing they had to eat there was the chocolate bits they gave with the bill. 
All in all I would highly discourage people from going.My husband and I had Saturday dinner reservations during the second week of Jazz Fest and arrived promptly as 7pm. We were seated immediately. We were a four-top and our server was on point with helping us with our drink order selections. There cocktails were nicely done.  For food starters, we had the roasted cauliflower (meh) and burrata which was excellent. I had the squid ink tagliolini which was absolutely magnificent. We shared two of their delectable desserts, the banana zuppa inglese and gianduja budino.  Service was excellent.  People, don't be sticker shocked when dining in Domenica and give it subpar ratings b/c of that alone. The food, service and dining experience is well worth it.  We are coming back to Jazz Fest in 2017 and we hope to be back  to Domenica. Thank you!Good food, especially the cauliflower dish with the whipped feta - NOMS! The pizzas were solid, and the atmosphere is nice. I'd love to come back for happy hour next time I visit.
We waited a long time for our pizzas, and when they finally arrived we asked about the wait. We were informed they'd overcooked while waiting to go out and had to be redone...no effort was made to comp us anything. It seems to be a recurring theme in this town that if your food or service is awful it's just too bad for you. Not used to that.Me and my Fiancé came here for dinner the night we got engaged. They were wonderful as they gave us a bottle of champaign to celebrate the evening. The food was some of the best food I had in a long time. We got the chicken which was so delicious. Our waitress was always on point with helping us. I highly recommend this place if you go to New Orleans as they are friendly and the food is amazing.Went to a birthday dinner with a group of girls. We all ordered a different pizza and ended up sharing slices.  The cauliflower appetizer was amazing as well, highly recommend that. 
Love how you can bring your own wine and eat a great meal for under $25-30 (including app.) I have also never had a bad experience with service. Overall, good experience.Had dinner at Domenica the other night after seeing a post the previous night on Instagram of their food and a lady recommending it while out shopping.
Walking into Domenica I was taken aback at the decor of the restaurant.  The dark walks along with the artwork and the the lighting that they have make for a very welcoming environment.  the One of the first things that I notices was a handful of deli slicers up by the bar so I'm guessing they slice their deli meats fresh.
Our waiter was very nice and helped us through the menu and made a few drink recommendations for us.  I'm not sure of what exactly the names we had were but mine was a rye whiskey based drink and my girlfriend's was a bourbon drink.  They were both very good, especially hers.  It was almost like drink cold sweet and earthy butter.  It was sooth and warmed me right up.
The bread that they bring to the table when they is phenomenal!  It's nice and crisp on the outside, with a bit of char which I appreciate; and the middle was fluffy and warm and soft.  Just perfect.
We ended up ordering the Calabrese Pizza and the Tagliatelle Pasta.  The pizza was great.  It was probably the best tomato sauce that I have ever tasted.  It tasted like the tomato had just come out of the garden.  And the crust was just great as well.
The pasta was good as well.  Very earthy and homely.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and had just enough sauce.
I recommend trying Delminco sometime.  I know I'll be going again to try more of what they have to offer.I had dinner here a few weeks after its grand opening, so I'm going to try to describe it as accurately as possible.  My buddy suggested this place as she lives right by it and after swigging a few drinks from Sazerac (just kidding, we delicate sipped them, as we are ladies!), we entered Domenica.  
I had pretty high expectations as I had dined at Restaurant August a few months prior and that John Besh - he knows how to wow the pants off people, through food.  
I mean I might as well taken off my pants at Domenica because I ate A LOT.  
Our waiter rocked - his roommate was a vegan so he was very empathetic (and not annoyed) with my dozens of questions and requests.  My companion also had pescetarian concerns and he was very cool about address her concerns.
For appetizers, I had the garlic rapini, she had some fried squash blossom dish stuffed with cheese.  Whatever she had looked gorgeous!  I was jealous and she did declare it was quite tasty.  The garlic rapini was good, but nothing spectacular.
For my entree, the waiter suggested he just have the kitchen staff throw a nice array of veggies on a pizza crust, sans cheese - as his roommate had had similar a few days ago and had adored it.  And adored it, I did.  It was really quite a flavorful pizza!  I can't recall the specific components, but for me, sometimes when I order a pizza sans cheese - it really just doesn't work at all.  This particular pizza was pretty good!  I was quite please with that.
My companion had a pasta dish, I think possibly with some seafood?  She was pretty enamored with it as she ate it all (but she was famished, but still!).
For dessert, we had sorbet - pretty run of the mill, but we devoured it with haste.  
I suppose the menu changes depending on what's in season or trendy as I can't find some of the items I mentioned on the current menu.  
Anyway, Domenica is pretty rad, I would say.  It's not like OMG, the best thing ever!  But it's really an adorable little venue and the particular waiter we had - rocked my socks with his vegan empathy, haha.  
Oh, of course they also have a pretty ample and impressive wine list to accompany your Italian-inspired meal. 
In closing, thumbs up from me for this place.We enjoy Dominica on Baronne whenever in NOLA. GREAT Happy Hour value. Roast Cauliflower, Lasagna, Fried Kale are all a must try. Great service by Roslyn and Todd. We appreciate consistent good food and service.The prosciutto pizza along with our rigatoni was phenomenal. The service at the bar was excellent as well! Thank you Brandi!Let me start by saying the food was 5-star worthy all the way. The service is where this restaurant lost me. 
While visiting NOLA, my husband and I were wandering around French Quarter looking for a place to have dinner. A friend from the area had mentioned Domenica so we decided to give it a try. The pizza and pasta we ordered were excellent, the best I have had in years by far. The ambience of the restaurant is also very nice. 
What I didn't enjoy, however, was the service. Even though the restaurant was not busy, we saw our waitress a total of three times: when we sat down, when she took our order, and when she brought the check. When our food was brought out she did not check to see if it was correct or if we needed anything... The only employee I could find was the host when we needed anything. Our waitress was apologetic at the end of our meal that she took a long time to get back to us, which I appreciated, but the restaurant was almost empty so there was seemingly no reason we were neglected. That being said the food was good enough I would still recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting the area.Bread was good.
Salad was good.
Wild mushroom pizza was extremely salty.
Lasagna was great.
We told the waitress that the pizza was salty but she was telling us there is nothing salty but the bacon. There was a slight odd silent moment among us and... we tried to see if we could change the pizza to something else but didn't want to wait for another pizza because we had other plans after dinner. She did not do anything about it. She just took the pizza away and we paid for the full pizza. Maybe we should have talked to the manager but we didn't want to be ugly. But it left a bad taste in our mouths. Sad.We went there for dinner at peak dinner time on a Wednesday without a reservation and sat at a table in the bar.  The service was just as good though. I had the roasted kale chips which were omg so so sooooo good.  My husband got the octopus carpaccio which he loved.  We also got the squid ink raddiatore with crab meat and the sauce with it was so good it didn't even need the crab.  I had the malfetone prepared a way I can't spell or pronounce but it was perfect.  You can get your meals in small or large sizes, but the small dishes were plenty for us hearty eaters.  The pizzas they served looked amazing and I found myself drooling over other peoples' food.I have only had pizza or the roasted cauliflower.
Both are good and dependable and correctly priced.BEST. PIZZA. EVER! try the mushroom pizzza. yumm. I coudl eat my fingers.The food - so good, its one of my absolute favorite places to eat dinner. It's hard not to visit at least for cocktails and appetizers every time I am in New Orleans. And its my top place to recommend to others visiting the area. 
The staff - so rude. Particularly the hostesses. Maybe its intentional. But its frustrating to know that you have to get past the abrasive and pretentious young ladies in the front to get to your delicious food.Goodness. Where do I start? I came here with my co-workers celebrating one of their birthdays and let me tell you, it was awesome!! 
We started with the fried kale and cauliflower as an appetizer! To die for! 
We had pizzas and pastas as entrees and we all shared it along with two bottles of red wine! Lol I don't recall the exact name of the dishes but it was amazing!!  
Desserts was off the chain too! Peach cake and some kind of banana pudding top off with hard peanut butter hard candy. Lol whatever it was the shit! Along with a complimentary chocolate cookies covered with powdered sugar!! Must try!!!!FANTASTIC!!!!
Service was not rushed, but always there when it was needed, and suggested a delicious bottle of wine for a great price...  everything we got was GREAT. (must try the kale appetizer!)Domenica is a very nice and appealing restaurant to get your Italian cravings satisfied! The only minor problem is that it is downtown which makes it a little difficult to find street parking. This very trendy location is located inside the beautiful and very vintage Roosevelt hotel and right next to the Sazerac bar. 
When you are seated, you are treated to a complimentary dish of delicious bread and olive oil! Their menu consists of a variety of pizzas, pastas, and diverse appetizers. They also have a happy hour for pizzas and drinks (I believe it is around 4-6:30, but don't quote me on it haha). 
I highly recommend their squid ink pasta! It is very flavorful and heavily topped with crab meat! Their pizzas are pretty good, but sometimes it can be very oily or burnt. 
What makes them unique is when they give you your bill, they also hand out a complimentary, scrumptious chocolate delectable! Love it! 
Due to its location, I don't visit that often, but when there is an occasion, Domenica is always on the top of the list for me and my friends to dress up and dine out.I've eaten here so many times.  LOVE this place, one of my go to restarants for good food.
Recommend: 
Pizza (especially during happy hour, it's half off and you can get half price wines and beers). You can also ask them to do half pizza one style and another a different style. Love the crust. my favorite pizza in town. not sure if i'd order to go although i always bring some home when i go to happy hour.
squid ink pasta with crabmeat
truffle risotto
charcuterie board - get the chefs choice with cheeses and meats you can stuff into beignets (savory, not sweet)
ragu with pork shoulder
the cauliflower looks amazing but haven't tried, it's a whole roasted caulfilower head.
the fresh mozarella with country bread also looks awesome
desserts are good but small - love the hazelnut puddingWow! This placed is extremely overpriced for the quality and amount of food you get. Our bartender was awesome, but the food was a mix. 
Fusilini with gulf shrimp: the pasta was undercooked and the sauce was over salted. Not to mention it had an OVERWHELMINGLY strong seafood taste, not the good kind, the kind that made me want to gag. The portion was very small and so were the shrimp.
Lasagna bolognese: this was actually awesome and tasted perfect. The pork sausage, sauce, and cheese with spinach noodle (I'm guessing since it was green) made it the best lasagna I've ever tasted.
We didn't get any bread, and were not offered cheese for our pasta, our bartender was nice enough to grab us some. 
Overall we spent $70 for two pasta dishes and one glass of wine. Worth it? No.Definitely put this on your list of must dos when you are in NOLA. Make sure to make a reservation, it's not a large venue and it fills up fast. Our service was really wonderful, my frugal husband was so impressed he actually overtipped for once! We started with a small plate of the rabbit and porcini pasta. It was delicious! The pasta was delicate and the sauce was amazing. I got the goat dish, so yummy and a unique preparation. Best okra I have had to date. My husband got the oxtail and chicken liver, it was super yummy too (we tend to share out dishes). I highly recommend all of these dishes. We had absolutely no room for dessert but I wish we had, their selections looked wonderful. The portions are very large, so be prepared to bring home a doggy bag or waddle home. If we ever make it back to NOLA, we will definitely be back.Food is fine and prices during happy hour are great but the staff is outrageously rude. No greetings, no smiles, rude tones of voices. Clearly service is not the priority.Been here several times. Happy hour is a ridiculous deal. My favorites are the Calabrese & the Clam. I love John Besh & this is my favorite of his restaurants!!Great service. Great food. Great drinks. True southern hospitality. Thanks Ashley for entertaining us and providing exceptional service.The best time to try this is when they have happy hour 1/2 priced pizzas and drink specials.  It's in the beautiful Roosevelt hotel so definitely a nice place to visit but still quite pricey for pizza.  It's very good pizza though.  I would certainly recommend this place for a "nice" lunch if you have clients or family in town or for a good but more casual dinner option.The pizza was extremely delicious. One of the BEST ones I've eaten my entire life.
I am not an expert but all the ingredients in it were so fresh, I could tell.I think this might be my favorite restaurant. Although on the pricey side, they have one of the best pizzas I've ever had: the clam pizza! Words really can't describe how much I love coming here. It's very modern in decor and atmosphere so you really can get a taste for the whole experience (not just the food). I just wish it was in a more convenient location because you either have to park on the street (which can be difficult) or pay to park. But the food is well worth it!Had the opportunity to try this restaurant while in New Orleans on business and was blown away! The food is simple Italian made with high quality ingredients. 
My personal favorite was the squid ink pasta with crab. Not a heavy, saucy plate but light and full of flavor. 
Fortunately, I was there on business with several associates so I was able to sample many of the dishes on the menu and was impressed with everything I tried.
Would recommend you give this place a try if your in the Big Easy.We had a late lunch and so most of our bill was on the happy hour special which is a fantastic deal. 
We started with the squash blossoms which were very good. Then the gorgonzola pizza - a thin crust pizza with gorgonzola, pears and speck. This pizza was awesome and was easily our favorite.
lamb meatball pizza - Spicy Lamb Meatballs ricotta, mint & tomatoes we really liked the sound of this one but it seemed not that special but it could be because it came after we had eaten the entire gorgonzola pizza.
Bellini's were great and a fantastic deal.
Restrooms were in the hotel, with the men's at the opposite end and the woman's near the restaurant. 
Will definitely going back.Wonderful food! The rabbit pasta was a great dish with lots of flavor.  We got a half prosciutto and half Calabrese. The prosciutto was good but nothing mind blowing. The Calabrese was a great mix of flavors and I will definitely back again for some more!Truly disappointed. We ordered the tagliatelle with the rabbit and the wild mushroom pizza. The pasta had a very odd taste with barely any slow-cooked rabbit in it. The pasta tasted very cheesy yet not cheesy, and tasted meaty but not really meaty. It was a strange taste, and the pasta ends up tasting just extremely creamy.
The pizza was decent. However, the entire pizza only had one tiny egg that was on 2 pizza slices. Also the pizza was overcooked and burnt on the bottom. The bacon was the best part of this pizza.
All in all, extremely disappointing food. Also, if you're placing an order for pick up, you can't split the check. Save the calories for a different restaurant.Pizzas were great. Atmosphere great but a bit overpriced. I would recommend the prosciutto pizza!Great food served with good sized portions.  The service is top notch.  Giving it a four since it was kind of loud in the restaurant.Four of us showed up at Domenica around 9pm on a Sunday night. Despite there being no one waiting and 4 tables open, they insisted there was an hour and a half wait if we did not have reservations. The 3 people standing behind the host table seemed very stand-offish and we immediately felt unwelcomed. We said we'd wait and decided to look on opentable.com where we found a reservation for 9:45pm. After booking it, we showed it to the hostess, who seemed very upset that we had done that. They made us wait the full 45 minutes, all of which no one ever sat at the 4 empty tables.
Once seated, it took forever for someone to greet us and take our order. Well over 15 minutes. We only saw our waitress to place the order, to order dessert and to give her our forms of payment. (Someone else brought our meals) We saw her serving the table next to us more frequently and would call her or signal at her, but were promptly ignored. In total we were at the restaurant for just over 2 hours. (The other half of our party went to Acme, waited in an eternal line, ate and still had to wait over 30 minutes for us.)
On the plus side, the food was spectacular. Everything we ate was absolutely delicious to the point that I'd be willing to say it was the best Italian food I've ever had outside of Italy. 
It's really such a shame that the service was so atrocious because the ambiance is lovely and the food is amazing. If the service would've been good, I would've happily rated it 5 stars, but if the food hadn't been so great, I would've rated it zero stars.If there is a better deal in town than the half-price pizza and drinks happy hour at Domenica, I'd like to know what it is!  The prosciutto and arugula pizza was excellent and the bar staff were great - friendly & efficient.  Very enjoyable!Best. Pizza. In. NOLA!!! Fiancé and I are planning a trip back just so we can go back to Domenica.After going to John Besh's Luke(and loving it), my wife and I saw that Domenica is also a "John Besh Restaurant" and we decided to give it a try. Domenica is in the lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel, and as as the nice lady in gift shop of the Roosevelt told us, while Domenica is a Besh establishment and he is involved Domenica is primarily the work of it's executive chef, Alon Shaya. Luke and Domenica are completely different, but both are excellant.
Domenica serves high end, seemingly avant garde pizza. My wife and I split one pizza, half duck half roasted carrot pizza. The duck was not too gamey, and was delicious. The duck pizza somehow had the intangible taste of thanksgiving, I think driven by the sweet potatoes. Of the two types of pizza that we got I liked the roasted carrot, which seemed like eating a garden, it had so many vegetables. 
A note about the roasted cauliflower- this is listed as an appetizer but is very large and very delicious. My wife and I got this as an appetizer and we almost full after eating about one fourth of it. Be warned, if your dining party is size two, or even three, if you eat a bunch if the roasted cauliflower you may not eat much pizza.  I left Domenica feeling stuffed, a little over stuffed.
Overall, great wait staff and creative amazing food.We celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary last week, with an overnight stay at The Roosevelt Hotel and dinner at Domenica, the hotel's restaurant. Domenica, a John Besh restaurant run by Chef Alon Shaya, is an edgy Italian pizza/pasta place that serves some very creative food.
We started with some sparkling wine to properly kick off the fesitve nature of the meal. I'd tell you what I ordered, but the wines aren't listed as part of the online menu. oops.
Perusing the menu was a challenge, mainly because so many things sounded interesting. Antipasti choices such as Grilled Calamari, Coal Roasted Eggplant, and Chicken Liver Crostini, all sounded delightful. Keeping the mains in the back of my mind, fish, goat, veal, and chicken, I wanted to exercise caution in terms of eating too much to start. But the pastas are also attractive! And everyone's been raving about the pizza for ages, particularly because of the occasional happy hour half-off special the restaurant runs on them. Chef Alon does his Primi dishes in small and large portions, so we decided on two pasta plates and then we'd split a pizza.
While we were sipping the #bubbles, our server brought some bread to nibble on. We both poured some of the olive oil on the table for dipping, and found it to be quite spicy. Double-checking that the bread didn't have a peppery crust, I then noticed this huge pepper in the oil bottle. Beware, if you don't like spicy olive oil!
The two pasta dishes:
"Squid Ink Taglioni" - this is the small-sized plate. As fascinating as the dish sounded on the menu, I was well and truly afraid that Mrs. YatPundit wouldn't like the notion of "squid ink." She really liked it, though! The pasta has a very unusual taste. Coming in, I was prepared for a fishy-seafoody taste, but it was just...different. Very hard to explain, but also very good. The mixture of herbs, along with lovely lumps of crabmeat, made for a great taste when it hits the mouth.
Cavatelli, with roasted chicken, tomatoes, olives, and basil. Somewhat less adventuresome than the squid ink, but nonetheless delicious. This is the large-plate size portion; I knew we'd be splitting these back and forth, and I was also worried about how much of the tagloni would get eaten. That concern was obviously unfounded, but this was a good dish. In terms of "conservative" Italian dishes, I'd say this and the Paneed Veal are the top two on Domenica's menu.
Then, Pizza! Prosciutto with tomato, fresh mozzarella &amp; arugula, and me not fast enough to get a pic before the missus grabbed a piece! The choice of pizza was also difficult. Among the finalists we bandied back and forth were the "Tutto Carne," with fennel sausage, bacon, salami &amp; cotechino, and the Roasted Eggplant, with tomato, tahini, red onion, goat cheese. The Prosciutto won out because we both love the ham, and because Mrs. YatPundit was thinking back to a pizza we shared in the food mall at Harrod's in London a couple of years ago, that was topped with rocked salad. Lots of greens on pizza is very much a European thing, and it just seemed right for this meal.
I'd love to tell you specifically which Montepulciano we drank with the pizza, but I didn't take a pic of the label, and the wine list is still not on the Domenica website. oops.
For dessert, we had the "Dark Chocolate Torta with black pepper fiore di latte gelato," and I had a cup of coffee. The torta was delicious, and the pepper on the gelato was interesting. I'm a big fan of savory ice cream, and this was a neat contrast.
After this lovely meal, we had a couple of drinks in the Sazerac Lounge, then retired for the night to this very-comfy room upstairs. What a great experience overall!Another amazing restaurant in New Orleans.  I went here off of a coworker's recommendation and boy am I glad I did!  We had reservations which proved to be helpful too.  There were so many delicious things on the menu that it was hard for me to choose.  We all shared the roasted cauliflower with whipped feta (so good) and ceci caponata which was chickpeas and ricotta on grilled bread.  I really wanted to try the octopus carpaccio but I know no one else would have eaten it.  Then for my main course I ordered the stracci which consists of wide green noodles oxtail ragu and fried chicken livers and I was blown away.  The noodles we delicious and covered in the amazing ragu and the chicken livers were cooked perfectly and still pink in the middle.  My dish was surprisingly filling and I wish I could have finished it all.  They also have an amazing wine list and we tried the Molise Rosso Doc which was delightful.  The service was efficient and friendly and we had an overall awesome experience.  I wish I was eating their food right now in fact.Excellent food and friendly staff. A friend and I decided to order the lasagna and a pizza to share after the rave reviews. The lasagna was absolutely excellent! We'll be back for that dish alone. Our pizza was good, but if you have to choose between those two dishes, I'd get the lasagna every time!Having lived in Italy for two years we were REALLY impressed with the pasta and sauces here. The atmosphere of the restaurant was good and all the staff we dealt with were efficient and personable. We had pizza on our first visit which was good but we really commented on the home made pasta sauce which was so good we went back again two nights later.
One small but amusing incident led them to find that my favourite desert wine Torcolato was not to be found anywhere in the wine cellar! Obviously they don't sell much of it!!! After a lot of hunting I was offered another desert wine on the house which was a lovely gesture...so thank you.Squid ink pasta was tasty, but price was a bit steep for the portion size.Yummmmy! 
We walked by Domenica's on our way to grab some burgers down the street. I saw someone eating the margarita pizza through the window and I told my boyfriend that we had to go eat there before we left NOLA! 
Dinner was incredible! I enjoyed every last bite of my pizza. I subbed out the regular mozzarella for burrata bc I love burrata. It was delicious. 
My boyfriend ate the rabbit tagliatelle and he really enjoyed it. Only thing he said was that the mushrooms were very weird. They weren't your regular mushrooms. They were oyster mushrooms. 
To top it all off, the chocolate espresso bars they give you with your check is simply woah! They are so delicious that I had to ask the waiter for another one. 
I would definitely come back here if I ever find myself back in NOLA! 
We were quite surprised with how fairly prized their menu is, especially because they are a part of a hotel! 
Great food! Recommend this place to people who love food!I came to this establishment because it was close to my hotel. However, We were basically treated like second class citizens.Hmm where to start with this one.  During a recent trip my husband and I took to New Orleans, I made reservations at Domenica after reading excellent reviews.  I had been craving pizza and was so excited for it when we got there.  We started by ordering the arancini.  The waiter looked at me funny when I asked how big they were since it came with 3 (I'm Sicilian, and in Sicily, the arancini are the size of pears, typically filled with rice, peas, cheese, and meat.)  So we got them, and they were tiny little balls of cheese and rice, and very bland.  The sauce only added a tiny bit of flavor.  For our entrees, my husband ordered the shrimp pasta dish and I ordered a pizza.  His pasta dish was so small... I mean, pasta isn't an expensive food item, and for $19, it looked like a tapas portion.  My pizza left me hungry, six slices of pizza margherita with barely any cheese and a whole load of extra crust.  (I can get a medium size pizza at Papa Gino's for less money, and more toppings-- WTF?)  We felt like our dinner was a complete rip off- we were still very hungry at the end of our meal.  If the restaurant's goal is to have people order multiple dishes to share (because 1 dish is simply too small to satisfy 1 person as a meal), then they need to seriously consider their prices.  Oh, did I mention I asked for bottled water and it cost $6?  We left the restaurant feeling robbed.New Orleans has a lot of good food to offer.  When you want to take a break from creole and Cajun cooking, this place is a must try.  I am a big fan of pizza with a fluffy thin crust, and Domenica's has me dreaming of returning there again.
I had the Arugula beet salad, a nice start to dinner, and the pistachios were a good touch.  But the real star of dinner was the pizza.  I found that I could actually can get it split to my pleasant surprise, because it allowed me to try two different flavors.  The flavors are definitely not traditional!  After much deliberating, I had half Roasted Carrot and half Clams Pizza.    The roasted carrot pizza had a very unique medley of textures and flavors: sweet carrot, nutty hazelnut, savory Brussels sprouts, earthy beets, and creamy goat cheese.   The clams pizza was a bit too oily for my tastes but I enjoyed the clams.  I also tried a slice of my coworker's Quattro Formaggi, and I fell in love with it.  I wanted to steal more.  
Atmosphere quite classy and nice, and the service was decent.  Our waiter had some good accurate descriptions that helped with my decision-making!
Oh yes and how could I forget the lovely complimentary bite-sized brownie-cookie.
5/5 because I want to go again to try the other things on the menu!This place was great. The happy hour prices were awesome. It was very convenient for us because I wasn't feeling super and the weather was bad...and we were already staying in the Roosevelt Hotel so we just "stayed in" and went to Domenica. I understand some reviewers' complaints about the sound. They really could invest in some noise buffering panels to hang from the ceiling or something. It was loud. Luckily, we were seated in a corner so were able to hear. 
The pizza specials were great (during happy hour) and the regular prices were not too bad. What I like best, (and I guess, we all expect this from New Orleans...) is that the food in a restaurant in the hotel was AWESOME! We had a 4 cheese pizza and a few drinks and our bill was less than 20 bucks. Well worth it.Great Italian with a twist. The happy hour is a 5 star keeper. Definitely would come back. Not a five yet.We are locals and went to dinner last night after the theatre. The greeting from the waiter was less than friendly. He was not welcoming at all. Water glasses sat empty. He was very attentive to another table as I guess they were spending more money than us. After a messy mishap by the waiter you would think management would come out and apologize. We didn't even get an apology from the waiter. 
We had to ask for a dessert menu as there was no proactive behavior from the waiter. 
Our bill came and we were being charged double for an entree. We finally asked for a manager and then of course they were apologetic but too much had happened by this point.
We certainly do not look for compensation at all but just expect this calibur of a restaurant to do better.
It is unfortunate that they have excellent food but the service and management was lacking.I have had many fine meals here. Pretty much everything I have had has been 5 star. Sit at the bar and order small plates and that way you get to taste many things. I think this is Besh's best restaurant but that maybe be because Alon is cooking.Go for happy hour (7 days a week!), you won't regret it.  At the 50% price, the pizzas don't even have to be that good to make it a deal, but  for the most part they actually are.  Throw in half-off draft beers and wines by the glass and you can't go wrong.  Easy stroll from the French Quarter or Convention Center.The good: the food itself was excellent.  the meat and cheese plate was perfect and then we split a pizza.  we had intended these as apps but after these courses we were too full fr an entree.
The bad: both relate to time.  It was my gfs birthday and the earliest reservation available was 9 pm.   Kinda late for dinner.  Understandable but when we got there at 9 the place was half empty, so why couldnt we get anything earlier.  Second, the service was just.... off.  We had two different waitresses yet it took over 2 hours to get these two courses.  It was after 11 pm when the check arrived.  I wouldnt have minded dessert but wanted to give my girl her presents before midnight.Arrived without a reservation in the evening during Jazz Fest......informed the front desk about our continued patronage to New Orleans, the Fest and the restaurants and found us sitting and eating within an hour.  It is was well worth it too!!!!  No surprise there.  Met the chef and kitchen staff......what a welcoming experience.3rd Time here! Always an amazing experience. Food is exquisite. Had the charcuterie plate, the quail egg salad, and porcetta.Food and service were amazing. Very busy. When you order a meal you only get the meal - lasagna does not come with salad or bread unless you order additional items. This seemed strange at N Italian restaurant.Being a visitor to New Orleans, I knew after trying Luke that I needed to try another John Besh restaurant. Unfortunately I came without a reservation and was told it would be an hour wait. We decided to take a chance and ended up scoring a table in the bar area in 10 minutes. Aside from the obnoxious, loud and inappropriate drunk people sitting next to us, I loved my time at Domenica. The meat "locker" and charcuterie station were impressive. Seeing how much detail was put into assembling these meat trays, we ordered one. Our waiter created a plate for us and all of his selections were perfect. The savory "beignets" that we received were addictive. 
We continued our meal with the rabbit tagliatelle. It was rich and savory and the fresh pasta was cooked perfectly. Another great recommendation from our waiter. The pizza we ended up splitting was the pork shoulder, carmelized onion and bacon one. The fontina on it really added the bite that it needed. I only wish I was in town longer so I could try every pizza on the menu. John Besh once again has another restaurant success!I went based on reviews. I LOVE pizza, all kinds...even frozen but I did not like this one. I ordered a margarita pizza online for $14 (online ordering=cool factor). I picked up the pie and got a $7 receipt. Not sure what happened there. I brought it to the hotel and blah. Just flavorless sauce with the huge basil leaves and ever so slight pieces of fresh mozzarella. Oh and a piece of random meat thrown in...I'm a vegetarian. Booo.This restaurant gets 4 and a half stars. The menu is exciting, I liked this place so,much had dinner there Saterday night and came back for lunch the next day before I left the city.  The eggplant is unique and full of flavor, the pizza is fantastic along with the lasagna. I would say this is the kind of restruant where there is nothing you can order that isn't great.  The menu is diverse and every plate that comes out of the kitchen makes you want to try it because the presentation is fantastic as well.  After a week of heavy yummy creol food this was a much needed and wanted break.  Truly hit the spot, highly recommended!My friends and I went here during a conference 
I have been to all of the chefs restos and this one was more hype considering the beard award .  We ordered what I consider typical appetizers now: charred Brussels sprouts, kale chips and octopus . Nothing stood out here . We also had the pizza which was not as good as the domenican pizza place which has much more variety.
Checked it off my listAfter traveling over an hour to see the beautiful lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel, the restaurant was disappointing at best. The lasagna was great. The red snapper was served cold and quite frankly sucked.Always delicious, but better make a reservation, especially if you hope to catch their happy hour! Or better yet, if the pizza and drink specials are your thing hit their new uptown location for happy hour and way less crowds.First time here and love it so far! Half price on practically the whole menu from 2 to 5. Pizzas are amazing! Had the fried kale chips as an appetizer. First time ever trying something like that and it was so delicious! Nice atmosphere for many occasions. Kid friendly too! Brought my twin nephews with us and it was not a problem. Tables are kind of small so keep that in mind if you order a lot of food. I will definitely be back to try more menu items!Exquisite cuisine. Pricy but is worth it. Smoked pork and wild mushroom pizza was out of this world. The Rabbit in porcini mushrooms was above expectations. A glass of Italian Pinot Noir surprised me.Great John Besh restaurant in the Roosevelt Hotel. The space itself is a little sparse and loud, but Alon Shaya's food all makes up for it. Make yourself comfortable at the bar, and make some new friends. From three to six pm every day, half price pizzas, wine by the glass, beer, and well drinks. You can't go wrong with any of the pizza choices, and you can do half and half! Octopus carpaccio, roasted cauliflower with whipped goat cheese, and lasagna are all hits. Go, already!Fairly disappointed since my last John Besh restaurant experience (Restaurant August) was so spectacular. The primary issue here was service, which started off fine but midway through took a nose-dive and never recovered (the downturn may or may not have coincided with the arrival of Hugh Laurie and his large group -- though he was also at August when I was there, and their service didn't suffer a bit!). A managery guy tried to compensate for our remiss server, but he kept promising things (like the imminent arrival of our food, drinks or complimentary items) without actually speeding up or improving the service. In the end his hovering made it more conspicuous that things were not going well.
As for the food, it was hit-or-miss. I had the Cavatelli and it was very good, but my appetizer salad was boring and some of my friends' food was just ok. Everything was fairly salt. On the plus side, wine and cocktails were tasty.
Liked the decor a lot, but the layout left little walking room or natural aisles, so other patrons were frequently squeezing by our table and/or bumping us when they left or made their way to the restroom.
I'm inclined to think we caught Domenica on a bad night, but given the plethora of amazing culinary establishments in New Orleans, the food in itself wasn't anything so special as to make me want to come back and give them another try.I would start this by saying the restaurant management is awesome, they do treat their customers really well. Hence, the 3 stars. We had quite a few issues with our food and wont go in detail but i am not sure what margharita pizza people here are mentioning as for us the pizza was nothing great at all. Maybe i am spoilt by flippers pizza. My gonnochi was good and the wine was amazing. My friend ordered the roasted cauliflower and she was not sure why were people praising it so much, i mean it is really roasted cabbage with no flavor with feta cheese on side for 20 bucks .
However, this is one of the oldest restaurants and i think its a must visit. Moreover the management and staff are so good that they wont let u have a bad time .Best food I've had this trip to New Orleans.  Outstanding octopus, Tuscan kale, pizza.  Just wonderful.Tasty food but you would expect bigger portions for apps and main courses, the pizzas are probably more filling... Disappointing from a value perspective, the wine list is fine at least got liquids to do the work.$7.50 pizza during happy hour can't be beat.  Also, the seafood couscous is a must try while it's on the menu.My friends and I showed up here without a reservation but were able to snag a table in the bar area after having one drink.  Both servers helping us were delightful.  Our pizza came out a tiny bit slow, and our waitress served us free drinks (there were three of us) as an apology... no complaints here! The cocktail I ordered, Draped in Velvet, was awesome.  The three of us were full from the cheese/meat plate (which came with savory beignets!) and the prosciutto pizza, which actually made for a not-too-ridiculous bill.Roasted Beets, Roasted broccoli, and a Prosciutto pizza with asparagus!  All from the woodfired oven!
What a delight! Plus it's right at the Roosevelt Hotel which was so convenient for my late night arrival.Here right now.  Service VERY slow, no one asked if we wanted another drink, pasta overly salted.  I'd tell you about dessert but she still hasn't taken that order.  Impatiently waiting.  Will NOT be backDomenica is awesome!!!The waiters are friendly and cheerful and the food is great!Even though it doesn't seem so,Domenica is great for kids!
I recommend the spaghetti with olive oil and Parmesan cheese!
Lola
Age 9Came just in time for happy hour without knowing pizzas were half off! Saw an episode of munchies with Shaya and we knew we had to make a swing by here. Service could have been a tad better, but food made up for everything. We ordered the affettati misti, prosciuto pizza, tutto carne pizza and the squid ink pasta. 
The charcuterie board was excellent. All of the condiments were delicious on their own and there were so many combinations available. 
The pizzas were insanely good. The dough rivals any other big city pizzas. The sauce and meats were incredible and the toppings were carefully crafted. Wood ovens seriously make a difference. 
The squid ink pasta, we had never tried before anywhere else. This may be one of the best things ive ever tried. That dish is worth coming back for over and over again. I cant stop talking about it!Last day in town and I needed something other than the southern food I'd been gorging on.  Thanks to Yelp, I found this gem...
Pros:
- Ambience was nice.  I was skeptical since it's so close to Bourbon but it's relaxed and mellow inside.
- We got seated within 5 minutes after being quote 30 minute wait. 
- The rigatoni (I know, "boring") was great. Flavorful, perfectly al dente, good price. 
- The lasagna was delish! HUGE portion. You could definitely share between two people. Super cheesy and amazing.
Cons:
- They charge $2 for balsamic to eat with your bread (who does that?). But in their defense, it was the best balsamic I've ever had. We also had to remind the waitress twice to bring it. But worth the $2. 
If this restaurant was near me, I'd eat here often.Can always count on Waldorf hotel to have decent food. Went here unplanned after drinking as sazeracs on a Sat night. Table for 4 was quoted an hour wait, was really 30 min. 
We mainly ate here because we found out on passing through that they have GLUTEN FREE items and my friend is allergic. She was able to have pasta and the kale salad. Sadly no gluten free pizza crust. Relaxed but nice dressy/environment. food was good, nothing amazing, but I was filled with italian food and happy.  Unlike most Waldorf restaurant this place is very casual. I would go back. No gluten free dessert other than "we may have a sorbet somewhere in the freezer..."Stopped in here the first night I was in NOLA.. loved the service, wine and pizza! Exactly what my girlfriends and I were looking for.I have been to Domenica both for lunch and dinner, many times. The food is outstanding, service is fast and friendly and the cocktails delicious. If you go for happy hour early in the evening, there is no better bang for your buck in New Orleans. I highly recommend this place.Wanted to try another John Besh Restaurant. Did not disappoint. We went there for happy hour before 6pm and had half off pizzas, which tasted like they came straight from Italy. Thin light crust, fresh and flavorful sauce, and no skimping on the prosciutto.The service was fantastic. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu, food preparation and wine. The dining room was very crowded but the noise level wasn't distracting. 
The pepper infused olive oil was fantastic. We could have eaten that with bread all night. 
I now understand the buzz about the Roasted Cauliflower and Whipped Feta. 
The lasagna and Speck pizza were prepared and cooked perfectly. 
A must try for a different spin on traditional Italian fare.this restaurant is located in the roosevelt hotel and has a happy hour from 3-6 pm everyday.  selected wines by the glass, beer, specialty cocktails, and pizzas are 50% off. 
i only drank there with friends this evening because i couldn't partake in eating pizza since i'm gluten intolerant.  i chose to stick with the rum-based cocktails - the importer (with lemon, aperol, bitters) and the maiden voyage (with domaine de canton and bitters).  the former, which was citrusy and light, was my favorite.  the latter was so-so; it had too much domaine de canton - a ginger liqueur - and an oddly butterscotch aftertaste.  (as a child, i had an unfortunate run-in with a bag of werther's candies; needless-to-say, i'm not a fan of butterscotch.)
my friends really enjoyed their pizzas, which are huge (more than enough to eat by yourself if you're really hungry or to split between two semi-hungry people.)  there are several different pizzas that would appeal to any taste - from pork shoulder, bacon, and apple to a clam pizza topped with a buttery sauce.  according to one friend, the pizza crust was thin and perfectly cooked.  everyone at the table was satisfied.
the cocktails are normally priced at 8 usd.  the pizzas are 13 usd.  at half off, domenica is a very affordable place for early dinner and drinks.Go for happy hour! Half of pizza, wine & beer! We tried the Clam pizza, a pork one and one with an egg on it...they were all amazing. Their wine selection is all Italian wines so you can't go wrong. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.Went there tonight for my husband's birthday. I started with panzanella - the flavor combination was just odd (not in a good way, and I would have needed an old fashioned nutcracker to eat the croutons). My husband started with the Spaghetti Cacio e Pepe - a dish that traditionally includes just pasta, cheese and pepper - and it was laden (also leaden) with a heavy cream sauce; more like an amateurish spaghetti alfredo with extra pepper, but at least worth eating. 
Our second dishes were red snapper for my husband and paneed pork chop for me. The red snapper was a bad combination of terribly dry and mushy. The pork chop was dry and badly under seasoned. Both dishes were abandoned after a few bites - just not worth eating.
On the upside, we ordered a margherita pizza to go (we actually did want to eat some dinner), and it wasn't bad.  Of course, they comped the $13 pizza, and changed us for the awful entrees. Not a good experience overall.
Sadly, we have reservations at another Besh restaurant tomorrow night. Still trying to determine whether it's worth the risk.We got our food to go by calling in and picking up our food at the bar. We had the quatro formaggi pizza, the lamb meatball pizza, and the chocolate hazelnut pudding.  Everything was delicous!  The lamb meatballs themselves were out of this world but we weren't so fond of the greens that came on the pizza.  The dessert was so delicious--it reminded us of eating a ferrero rocher candy.Food was great! My favorite was the pesto pasta and kale salad and of course dessert the chocolate pudding! I was not too big of fan of the pizza.Happy hour with half price drinks and pizza from 2-5.   Not a happy hour item but the octopus carpaccio is excellent and a must try for any seafood lover.  Service was great and will definitely come back sooner than later.Hit or miss. At times, great, at others, average. The standout is their squid ink pasta with blue crab.The fiance was kind enough to take me to Domenica for an early dinner last night. 
We kept trying to find time to go and enjoy Happy Hour, but we tend to avoid taking our 2.5 year old to "fancypants" restaurants. Finally, I gave in and decided to bring her, because I wanted Domenica pizza.
The restaurant itself is slightly confusing. The decor is fancy, but they serve pizza... and the menus are written on paper placemats. It's super hard to judge whether kids are really acceptable.
I wouldn't say this is a "kid friendly" restaurant, but as long as your bundle of joy is well behaved, go for it! There wasn't a single complaint about me bringing the munchkin, and she sat quietly and enjoyed her meal. She was the only kid in the place, though.
The food, of course, was stellar. At $6.50 per pizza for Happy Hour, you really can't go wrong. We finished off the meal with the Banana Zuppa, which was divine. I forgot about the cookies, so those were a pleasant surprise after we paid. So chocolatey!
Friendly waitstaff, excellent food, superb Happy Hour deals on pizza and drinks. Definitely give it a try!Stopped in for the lunch time happy hour, and was very impressed. There was no wait time, and our waiter was very attentive and thorough. We all ordered the margherita, calabrese and smoked pizza. All were delicious!!!! My favorite was definitely the calabrese. 
Pizza was thin crust and were very generous with toppings. Probably my favorite place to get pizza in New Orleans.We were staying at the Roosevelt and were luckily able to get a table late on a Saturday night.  We didn't know anything about Domenica other than it was a John Besh restaurant.  It was not as good as August, but still very good in it's own right.
We enjoyed the salumi as an appetizer, and then had the orrechiette and a pizza for dinner.  All was very tasty.  The fun surprise were the savory beignets they served instead of regular bread, which is a nice, unique touch.Incredible food, cocktails, service.  Couldn't say enough great things about this place! Had the lamb meatballs and a simple marg pizza-both SO tasty. Will for sure be back!I loved eating here. The staff was very courteous and the food was divine. I don't remember the name of the dish I had but was squid ink pasta with blue shell crab and I considered going back every day for the same meal. I highly recommend this place.Delicious pizza's, creative, fresh ingredients.  I always stop in for happy hour (1/2 price pizza and 1/2 price drinks) every time I'm in New Orleans.  I've sampled most of the pizzas and all have been fabulous (with the exception of the wild mushroom - didn't taste all that wild).  Try it, it's great.Happy Hour is awesome! We had pizza. I enjoyed the Margherita pizza and my husband had a smoked pork pizza.Must stop when in the area. Lamb meatballs are incredible!!!
Pizza is cooked perfectly with tons of flavor !!
Well doneJust ate there for Valentines Day. service was excellent, food was amazing and yummy, and the ambiance was superb. We ordered the ricotta as an appetizer, then for our entrees we ordered the large plates of cannelloni and gnocchi. Then we had the banana zuppa for dessert. I will be back to check out the 1/2 off pizza!Everyone's talking about the pizza and wine happy hour deal, so I feel the need to post a shout-out to their dinner menu. We came here for Christmas dinner and I can safely say that it was one of the best meals of my life. Yes, we did get an awesome pizza (the pork shoulder one--sooooo good), but we also enjoyed sumptuous pasta dishes and a really delicious dessert. It was also fun to check out the Roosevelt's Christmas decorations.I love this place!!! From the food to the ambience, everything is amazing. You should try their lasagne, the snapper, the prosciutto (they really know how to slice it-very thin), polenta...yummy!
Adriana K.Have a nice time and place with lots of vegetable options that does not fit with that New Orleans Louisiana menu but it's nice sometimes to have some vegetarian options and delicious Louisiana touchConsistently good ! I love this Italian style, thin, coal oven pizza. The whole roasted cauliflower with whipped feta is amazing every time & worth the price for veggies!!Me and my boyfriend went to Domenica for NYE and it was amazing. We were seated immediately and the service and food were both excellent. Can't wait till we can go back!!This place is beautiful. I loved the decor and the modern look. The place is also really big from the inside with lots of tables and servers. The bar is also giant in size. We came here for lunch with 6 girls and we were seated immediately with no wait time. We were given warm bread to start with and I loved it. They also give you spicy dipping oil and it was prefect amount of spicy. I ordered a cocktail and it was too alcoholic for me to even take more than 2 sips. For entree, I got their corn risotto and I thought it was ok. It was a bit sweeter than what I expected. We also tried their margarita pizza and gnocchi, and I think my favorite was the gnocchi. It was just different than what I have tried before (in a good way). Service was excellent, and our server was friendly and didn't get annoyed at bugging her for things every 10 minutes. She got us whatever we wanted with a smile on her face. 4 stars for the food, and an extra bonus star for the ambience.So the food gets three stars, but the "tude" associated with this place knocks off a star.  The first time we went here, we were told that since we didn't have a reservation they couldn't seat us.  Even with the few empty tables, we accepted this as the truth.
Sp take two.  Again we were told there was an hour wait when the hostess didn't even look at book.  We opted for the bar seating which was just an anxiety filled balagon.  Everyone is crouching and ready to attack on the first spot.  So we finally got a seat (without a crazy wait) and for some reason I check on open table app.  Guess what, there is a freakin reservation open for right then and 15 minutes from then. What the hell is that about?  (Later on in our stay we realized that this was the case for multiple restaurants in NoLA)  
So our waiter was on super edge... maybe because of all of the angst in the air  He kept dropping things, then he brought out the wrong pizza.  His reason was that "We were talking about Margarita."  Dude, it's a pizza place... we talked about all of the types of pizza.  We weren't in a rush so it didn't upset us.  There was a quick replacement too. We started with the octopus carpaccio which tasted good, but kinda weird in texture (and not just cause it's octopus)  The pieces all stuck together like a cake and there was a little too much oil. The pesto pizza very good and probably would have been better without the screaming baby.  Some kid in the restaurant was literally screeching at the top volume.  Lucky for us, the asshole parents thought this was the funniest thing and encouraged it for the next 20 minutes.  So that's not really a fault of the restaurant, but it made our experience that much more memorable.Great food, but unfortunately worst service ever in New Orleans. Our server never came by for any refills, our food took over 30 mins between appetizer and main course, and our server was extremely rude. Very disappointed.Great happy hour!  We had planned to have a late lunch around 2 PM, but learned that we'd arrived during their happy hour. So we enjoyed an incredible caprese pizza ($7.50) and glass of wine and peach bellini ($6 and $5 respectively). I loved their homemade chili oil and cookies - no wonder they're available for purchase. I couldn't resist buying the cookies - $6 for way more than a dozen cookies. Thanks to our incredible waiter, we had a fantastic experience overall. With Luke's for happy hour the previous day, we were only sad we couldn't complete a John Besh trifecta, hitting all of his spots for happy hour before leaving town. Next time!In town on a business trip, Saturday night, table for one.  Seated right away -- under the stairs . . . try not to take it personally, the place is packed.  Sipping a Bittersweet cocktail and dipping rustic bread in the jalapeño-infused olive oil, whatevs, not impressed.  Waiting for the Duck pizze.
Pizze arrives, looks alright, I'm still thinking about what I might try for dessert.  Cut a slice, take a bite . . . oh, my, god!  I feel like I've woken up from a dream and suddenly I remember what food is supposed to taste like!  It's succulent it's sweet it's hot it's cool and the crust is as light as an angel's wing . . . it's masterful.  
I forgot about getting a dessert.Couldn't get a reservation over the weekend (holiday weekend), but this was just a few blocks from our hotel on Canal Street. We got pizzas to go with salads (note they do have a house salad and a Cesar salad that are not on the menu).
The pizza was delicious, great crust and sauce. Wish we'd gotten to eat a meal there in the restaurant too, but this was a great option not to miss out.
Also, it appears online like the only to go item are their pizzas, but the hostess said we could order anything on the menu. Busy place and very loud due to high ceilings, but the staff was on top of things.Domenica was one of our favorite meals in New Orleans!  They were, not surprising, very busy - so we put our names on the list, wandered through the Roosevelt Hotel looking at their beautifully decorated (for the winter holidays) lobby, and got drinks at the Sazarac Bar.  When it was time for our table, they called us and we went right in (total wait time, about an hour for a walk in on a Friday evening).
We had drinks and warm, italian bread while we waited.  The server was very patient and helpful as we ordered wine.
We had the Clam Pizza and the Calabrese - both were excellent.  Great crust, amazing flavor, and truly enjoyable.
For dessert, we ordered from the cheese plate - three cheeses, an assortment of chutneys and a savory, light, fried bread (which I liked, but the others in my party weren't crazy about).  We also ordered the Tiramisu and it was decadently good.
The only downfall was the presence of nuts. We told the server two or three times about the nut allergy, asked clarifying questions, and still had the seed and nut cake served with the cheese plate.  The condiments were in separate depressions in the plate, so it was easy to avoid it.We came for lunch on the Saturday before Mardi Gras and didn't even have to wait for a table which was fantastic! We started off with the Tuscan fried kale and the roasted cauliflower. I was very hesitant about the kale because it just seems like a conflicting combination but it had a lot of flavor and a good crunch. However, it was a little difficult to eat without getting messy pulling it apart. The roasted cauliflower was also good and definitely a great presentation piece! For our meal we split a margherita pizza and a Calabrese pizza. Both tasted great but started falling apart as we ate more. However they were definitely some of the best pizzas that I've had in New Orleans! Overall the ambiance of the restaurant was swanky and modern and despite the party going on outside the noise inside the restaurant wasn't too crazy. Would definitely return in the future!I see that Domenica has many good reviews so maybe I was there on an off night for the bartender and the waitress was just an idiot.  The food was fairly good.  It was really crowded so maybe that's why it wasn't enjoyable.  However the bartender was talking instead of doing his job... I mean, how hard is it to make a cold and DIRTY martini?  Should be easy but he couldn't do it.  The waitress wasn't too friendly and I like to tip by courtesy more than anything else.Nothing lasts forever. Gone, the ginormous, amazing, deep-fried cauliflower. Gone the light as air, super crisp, addictive fried kale. And the textbook arancini. And the perfectly cooked pizza with the cracker crisp yet still chewy crust. And perfect pasta.
  Now the cauliflower is half the size and oven roasted, yet much greasier and boring. The kale is like something at a state fair: thick, overabundant batter, lots of grease, and a shade of the crisp kale that used shine so bright. Arancini now have a goopy center, with corn, so it's like an undercooked fritter. The pizza was burned on the edges and soft in the middle, and covered in pools of grease.  The pasta was way too chewy to be considered al dente by any stretch of imagination and quite salty. The steak was over seasoned and really chewy for a $35 steak.  
  And then there's the weird thing of the hostess making rounds with an iPad, silently checking each tables status and entering it. Happened at least five times maybe more, super creepy vibe to it, wth!?
  Just as terrible tyrants fall so do glorious heights crumble; at least now there's Paladar.It started out kind of rough with the reservation.  I needed a table for 6 to celebrate an event with my family.  I used Open Table, and it said that 5:30 was the latest dinner reservation available.  I called twice a few days in advance, and was told that they were totally full.  We were there from 5:30 to 8:00 and the restaurant was half empty the entire time.
The atmosphere is deafeningly loud, but the service seemed pretty attentive.  We ordered some appetizers and a pizza (I really like this style of thin, well-done pizza.) The fried squash blossoms were delightful (at $4 a piece they should be.) The signature cocktail was strong, but not at all special.    
The entrees, however, were unanimously disappointing.  We had a party of 6 and not one person stated that they really liked their food, and some of the portions were tiny.  The roasted chicken is about 25 bucks and it was really just a leg and thigh, and you have to pay extra for potatoes. The pork shoulder and the fried seafood entree were also not so good.  I had the pasta with shrimp, clams and crab.  I thought the pasta was nicely cooked, but the sauce was bitter, bland, and not pleasant.  Someone at my table had a bite and said "Yuck."  Also, there is some sort of bacon or pancetta in pretty much everything on the menu.  I know it's tasty, but I feel like it shows a lack of creativity. 
Then the worst part. My husband forgot a pair of sunglasses on the table, but called immediately the next morning to ask about them.  The hostess described them and obviously knew which glasses we were asking about, but then said that she could not find them.  After several calls, I finally went there and spoke to 2 managers. After a lot of denial, miraculously, a hostess went into the kitchen and immediately got the glasses from someone who "forgot" to put them in the lost and found 4 days ago.  We spent more than $400 and had a lackluster meal, and then we had to put up with this, and there really was no apology.  
If you want to eat at a Besh restaurant, Luke is much better in terms of quality, concept, value, and execution. We eat out in New Orleans a lot, and we really love Italian food, but this was a poor experience from start to finish.  For the money we spent, we could have really had an amazing meal someplace else.  It's New Orleans.  You can do better.I was looking for Gluten Free Pasta today and I found it here. As recommended by others we first ordered the roasted cauliflower which surprised me with its rich and spicy flavor. The GF pasta shape is not my favorite but the flavor of the sauce was good. The pizza my husband order was good according to him. The service was excellent. I will definitely come back again, specially during happy hour! Drinks are half off!So bad that we actually cancelled our dinner reservation at Chef John Besh other restaurant, August. What we thought was a kale salad was flash fried and served to us dripping in oil. I've had many clam pizzas but never one as bad as the one I had here. The waitress was robotic. Went through the motions, called me "dear" a few times, but was not really into her job or enthusiastic about the items on the menu.Fresh and unique ingredients in their dishes gives this place their 5 stars! 
You have to make it to their happy hour, everyday 3-6, at least once in your life. The pizzas are half off and you can get your pizza half and half. They also offer a variety of happy hour choices.
I have plenty of favorites here. The duck pizza, the clam, the one with salsa, the carrot one is also delicious, the one with a yard egg.. Well, you can't just go with anything you choose!
The first time I had a pasta dish I was taken back because the pasta is done al dente. I didn't like it at first but it is definitely how I prefer my pasta now a days. 
And don't skip on dessert because those are rather tasty as well.This place was good, don't get me wrong, but I had higher expectations based on the number of people who told me I just *had* to try it. 
The cheese and meat board was heavenly. It comes with puffed bread squares (?) And some candied fruits and nuts. It's a plentiful appetizer! 
We got a pulled pork pizza and while we wanted to love it, it was just.....doing too much. The flavors were competing and it was a much better pizza after we picked a few things off. For an $18 pizza we expected a bit better.
I'm willing to give Domenica a round 2 in the future.This was my first and last John Besh restaurant. His dishes are insane and flavorless. 
The cauliflower was ridiculous and bland. Mr. Besh clearly has no ability with Italian cuisine. The "green pasta" is the lasagna was terrible. The dish was packed with mediocre sausage to cover up the fact that it was missing any flavor from the bechamel. What's worse is that everything here is WAY TOO EXPENSIVE!! It's laughable and regrettable.
Great service though. 
But the food is terrible for the price. Sure, it's edible, but for $24 I expect to enjoy my meal. Never again, Mr. Besh.The service and portion sizes are lacking. The waiter was indifferent, the food was just okay, and the prices were steep for what you got. Besh and Shaya need to eat at their own restaurant and realize how much it is lacking. The reason I still have it three stars is bc the carrot pizza and walnut gorgonzola pizza were tasty.Wow. Amazing. Desmond the waiter was knowledgable and very enthusiastic about the food and menu. He told a great story with food!!! The food. What can I say. Tagliatelle with rabbit and porcini mushroom ragu was like heaven on a plate. It was homemade, fresh, scrumptious and worthy of every bite. I lived in Italy and this was like going home.Came in for a pizza for lunch because we wanted a break from the great food this city has to offer. Sat at the bistro tables in the bar area and were mostly ignored by the bartender/waitress. After placing our order, the girl blatantly talked negatively about us and our order within ear shot of us and in front of other patrons. We wanted a pizza and a drink and she loudly talked smack about me ordering a beer, my wife ordering a glass of wine, and us ordering a pizza. She made no conversation with us after ordering and casually walked by to literally drop our silverware and napkins on the table. After we ate we sat without drink, boxes, or a check for at least 30 minutes because she obviously didn't care to serve us. On a high note, the pizza was good and I'd eat it again.
Overall, the food was good but the service was miserable. 2 stars for food quality, 0 stars for experience.
**Update** - Reviewed my cleared charges on my credit card statement several days after I returned home and I was charged an additional 21% over my approved amount on my final, signed receipt. Would never recommend this place. Good thing I was able to dispute the charge - never thought I would trust a credit card company over a mediocre pizza parlor.We set up several large party dinners in advance of a conference in town. Domenica was our first. The atmosphere was a bit on the noisy side. The food was good but not great. In particular, the pasta I ordered arrived nearly cold. The plate of pasta, which was about the size of my hand, was overpriced for the offering. Service as choppy and a bit unfriendly. Nevertheless we had a successful dinner here. Perhaps it was more in spite of the place than because of it.Nicely decorated place with fun items to try on the menu. Tried out their squid ink pasta with crab meat and it isn't as weird as you think, a bit mild in flavor actually. Their pizza was a bit burnt in places but the well cooked pieces were tasty. I'd return to try out some more dishes, perhaps their roasted cauliflower head!We had the tutto carne pizza and lamb meatballs for an appetizer. Would HIGHLY recommend both. Had a great time here and a great meal. Check it out if you are in the area!3 words, squid ink tagliotti!! Small portion is small, a little over priced but amazing.  Great happy hour in a gorgeous hotel. Walk to the Sazarac bar in the hotel afterward for the amazing original cocktail.Dinner was at the bar. Bread and Butter app. Ceaser Salad. Rabbit pasta dish.
The red wine was excellent. Wish I remembered what it was. I did ask for a wine list later int he meal so that I could revisit my selection, but the bar staff never brought it. Aside form the wine, everything was mediocre at best. I ordered the Ceasar and asked if any bread came with it. No, so I ordered bread. Turns out large crustinis did come with the salad. I tried the bread but it was nothing special, so I gave it to some guys at the bar. The Ceasar dressing was watery and  almost tasteless.The rabbit pasta was the most disappointing. Absolutely bland. I found the staff to be distracted, at best. All my half-eaten plates piled up in front of me. No one bothered to bus them. My credit card sat on the counter in front of me for over ten minutes.
It only gets a 2 for atmosphere. The food and service were a 1.Came here with a group of ten on a Saturday for brunch during Mardi Gras. Food was excellent! We got just about every pizza on the menu and all were pleased with what they ordered. My prosciutto pizza was particularly good! As this was a bachelor party, only complaint was that this was not a good spot for a boozy brunch. No mimosas on the menu and service on drinks was incredibly slow.All the dishes here are delicious!!! I love their hh!! I have been here multiple times and never have been disappointed!!On a trip to New Orleans a group of my friends wanted to eat here. They had been before and enjoyed their culinary experience.
First of all the interior is beautiful. Incredibly clean and it smelled delightful which is a big difference from walking Bourbon Street. I split the Prosciutto & Arugula Pizza with my girlfriend. Prosciutto is probably one of the greatest things to ever happen to the world of meat. So delicious and light. This pizza was very good! The sauce was lightly covering the wood burnt pizza, yet the arugula was still crisp and green.
The service was fast and attentive, no complaints. Overall a great eat especially for pizza.I debated between 2 and 3 stars, but went with 2 bc the more I stew over our service, the more annoyed I get. Let me clarify - been coming here from when they opened and the food, even to this day, is a 4 - 5. But the last 3 times I have been here, the service has been AWFUL!!!!  As in a zero for service. We went yesterday at 3:00 in the after noon (Sunday for happy hour). There were very few tables. I think our waitress had 3 total tables to wait on. Yet it was 20+ minutes between visits to our table to check on us. Also, every request we made when she did come by, we were met with attitude and snotty glares. And, she never brought us the little chocolate cookies/mints with our Check, like they always do. And I know they still have them bc I saw a huge tray of them at the wait stand on our way out. Hey waitress, I'm the one spending $100+ here, I don't need attitude from a snotty millennial!!!  The last 2 visits were about the same. Anyway, as much as I love the food, I'm so over their shitty service, I think I'm done with Domenica.  It's a shame you let your service slip so much from your early days when it was exceptional.WOW! I ate for the first time at Domenica for dinner this week with my family, and I was pretty impressed.
The meal did get off to a slow start: the restaurant seemed slightly understaffed, and it took a while for us to order and eventually receive our appetizers.
For starters we ordered the Arugula and the Roasted Cauliflower. Both were delicious, but not so much that I would have to order it again (I definitely DO plan on coming back). The cauliflower is nice and big, perfect for splitting with 4 people. I liked the goat cheese spread that came with it.
The real stars were the entrees. I ordered the Squid Ink Tagliolini, and I think it was one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth. The combination of flavors with the herbs and the perfect texture of the pasta and the crab meat was just out of this world. I really haven't tasted anything like it before, and it was DELICIOUS. Slightly too oily, but nothing I couldn't overlook. I JUST LOVED THAT DISH SO MUCH. I couldn't get over the unique flavor. My mom ordered the Lasagne, which was also great. Definitely best lasagna she's ever had. I will say that the portions are quite small for the pasta dishes. My dad was slightly disappointed with his "large plate" Rigatoni, and I could have used some more tagliolini. Alas, this ain't no Olive Garden.
I can't wait to try the pizza during happy hour when I come again!The pizza... Incredible! Each one that my family ordered was fantastic! With salami, cheese only, anything is worth the try! Great and prompt service!Food- Great Italian food. Their squid ink pasta is amazing along with their lasagna! Went with a party of 10 and ordered a bunch of apps, sides, and entrees to share. Traditional large portions as most Italian spots.
Atmosphere- Really large in size, good for a one on one date or a large party. Very city-like, you don't get the tourist vibe at all. Trendy.
Service- Our waiter was super friendly and gave us great suggestions. In addition, he checked in with our table throughout the courses. Accommodated our large party.
Really no complaints. We all thought it was the best dinner we had throughout our whole trip.My husband and I went on a rainy night (when the Saints were in town playing Monday night football) and even then, a reservation would have been recommended!! This place is popular. We got lucky with a table at the bar (first come, first serve, self seating there) as another couple was just leaving. We actually preferred this, as the bar was elevated and we had a great view of the restaurant and everyone's food!! Could also watch them make the charcuterie plates up here.
Salad, pizza, and rabbit pasta were all delicious. We asked for some balsamic to go with the yummy bread and olive oil....and were very surprised when we received the bill and were charged $2 for this. Very unusual and the reason I'm not giving 5 stars.Some of the best, freshest neopolitan style pizza you will get anywhere. I was really really impressed with how great the pizza was.Might be the best pizza this side of those I had in Naples last year at the places know for the best in the world.  Domenica has really excelent food and in the afternoons they have a deal at happy hour!  In the Roosevelt Hotel. not shabby!This place deserves 10 stars! Our waitress was amazingly sweet and the food was perfect!  Try the cheese plate!4 stars for the best pizza in town especially at the 1/2 price rate from 3-6pm. Favorite pizzas the lamb sausage is amazing and I loved the root veggie which they took off of the site. The margarita never has more than a few small pieces of basil so I avoid that one. The four cheese is really good. Basically the pizza rocks. The other menu items are hit or miss and for instance in the case of the Squid it's expensive & tiny & is flavorless. The Brussel sprouts were greasy had zero ham & were a bit burnt. So stick with the pizza!!This place feels like a chain to me. Their pizza crust was good, but the flavor of my pizza was off. Service was less than stellar. I will not be back.Bursts and roasted Broccolini was good. The margarita pizza and tiramisu weren't the best.We had a very nice dining experience here. The server was amazing. He went over the menu in detail, had great suggestions. We started off with the fried Kale. In between, we had a Margherita pizza & Lasagna with a bolognese sauce and we ended with a crustless cheesecake with smashed roasted pistachios w/ a lemon drizzle & a scoop of vanilla gelato for my son. Everything we ordered was excellent & we will be back the next time we are in NOLA.Great oven fired pizza! We tried the Calabrese pizza, and it was perfect. It is definitely enough for two people to share. If you go during their happy hour, the pizza is half price, which made ours $7.50. By far one of the best, and cheapest, things we ate during our visit. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere casual, but elegant, and it all adds up to a very pleasant experience.We were party of 14 in the private dining room.  We are  a high maintenance bunch and this place exceeded our expectations.  Service was amazing !  Food fabulous.  We did family style which was a great way to taste many different things.  Perfect evening.Happy hour is where it's at! We got two pizzas, a beer, and a peach Bellini for about $25! And had leftovers. We did have to wait about an hour for a table but they give you a call, so we took the opportunity to walk around and sight see. Total win.Incredible service and great food. Awesome atmosphere. Loved strolling through the Roosevelt hotel lobby at Christmas.One of my favorite restaurants and quite possibly the.m best Italian restaurant I've ever eaten at. Been here several times for lunches and dinners and have never been disappointed. The pizzas are amazing and the pasta dishes I've ordered have been perfect as well. The restaurant is in a neat Art Deco space and the service has always been terrific. Can't wait to go back for more!Awesome happy hour! 50% off pizzas, wines, beers, and well cocktails.  There isn't a happy hour cocktail list but they seem happy to make you just about any drinks you ask.  
The wild mushroom pizza with yard egg and bacon was delicious, so were the wings on HH menu. Despite being HH, they still serve bread and give you two chocolate espresso cookies with the check (soooo good!!!)
Our waitress Rachel M was courteous and very attentive despite the restaurant being very busy.Another great NOLA restaurant!  We had several pizzas in our group, all of which were amazing.  The best pizza we have had outside of the NY/NJ area.  Some one also ordered a pasta with rabbit which was amazing.The wait was long, so we got our name in and went to the Carousel Bar. This place was totally worth the wait. With a James Beard award in 2015 it totally lived up to its reputation. We ordered two pies (the prosciutto and calabrese), and the lasagna for our entrees. They were amazing. Particularly the pies were great. Fresh ingredients and the dough was next level. So airy and yet crunchy. The apps we ordered were also very good. The roasted cauliflower and the barrata were so good as well. Definitely make a visit here. It is 5 stars. An added bonus is it is in the Roosevelt hotel which has a few bars and is worth touring as well.Loved both the pasta with oxtail and chicken livers as well as the plain tomato sauce pasta.  Next time, I would try the pizzas.  Will be backThe greatest lasagna that has ever graced my mouth! The staff was super helpful in getting us a table when we didn't even have a reservation and they were quite busy. The cheese plate came with lots of cool surprises to compliment the cheeses. Everything was fantastic but that lasagna was a damn miracle in a pan! Yes pan, they give you a whole little casserole dish of the heavenly delight. Our server Mara was super friendly and helpful with recommendations. She was able to answer even the most obscure questions about the food. Great service! Would absolutely recommend!We have eaten at Domenica a few times and consistently had a solid meal.  We ate here a few days ago and then repeated the next night, strictly for dessert.  They had a slice of king cake that killed on Tuesday and then disappointed on Wednesday.  It tasted like they didn't sell out on Tuesday and just served stale slices of cake the next night.  Let down...but still, there is more to Domenica than their desserts.
For our recent meal, we started out with burrata served on grilled bread.  Pretty decent.  The burrata portions were a little stingy, but the flavor was decent.  Our salad was a fried kale.  Kale should not be fried.  It has a tough leaf, and I didn't think the batter took well to the leaf.  Flavor was ok.  I would pass on this next time.
Our pasta dish was a squid ink tagliolini.  I had a lot of trouble pronouncing this pasta.  After the hurdle of ordering, I did pretty well on the consumption end.  It was delicious.  Maybe a little over cooked IMHO, but the flavors mixed well and I enjoyed the crab with which it was served.
Main entree was the chicken "alla mattone".  I thought it would be served without the skin but it came with skin on and that made it a better dish for me.  Lots of flavor and very juicy.  It was served over brussel sprouts, carrots and turnips.  The vegetables were excellent and complemented the chicken nicely.
Domenica has a great ambiance.  Kind of a chic farm to table feel.  Little more on the chic side.  The servers were decent.  Our server was polite but not particularly enthusiastic or knowledgeable.  She just kind of fit the bill for a polite and prompt conveyor of food.
Overall, I like Domenica.  I do not love the place, but I will likely repeat.I really wanted to like this place. The rating would be much higher if not for a few things. First, they offer free bread and spicy olive oil for dipping. I feel like the heat from the olive oil ruined my taste buds for the roasted cauliflower dish. It didn't taste like anything, even the whipped feta tasted like cream cheese because of this. Second, we ordered the rigatoni because it got great reviews. It was spicy, but there was an overwhelming licorice flavor (anise? fennel?) which ruined it for us. We also got a couple of pizzas, which were great. Service was fantastic, too. I just felt as though my taste buds were assaulted  by the spice.went here for lunch memorial day weekend. Was conveniently located near our hotel.  Had a some bread and spiced oil brought to the table before our meal arrived. the quality of which assured me that the pizza was sure to be good. I ordered the Margherita pizza and added some salami. It was prepared the way I like it.  A nice light, crisp crust, with a nice little bit of char and wood fire flavor. The basil and tomato sauce was bright and fresh tasting. The cheese was tasty and local salami nice and spicy. It was a much larger pizza than I expected, so I saved the remainder to eat late night after a Saturday night of listening to good music in NOLA. Still great at 2:30amWe did not eat the food but the service provided by the girls at the reception was so poor and horrible that made us leave at the doorThe pizza that I tried was very good, it reminded me a lot of the pizza at Cane Rosso in Dallas--the crust is light, crispy, thin, with slight char marks from the oven. I got half white pizza and half four cheese. The white side was better.
Alas, whatever accolade one wants to give the pizza is overshadowed by inferior service and management. I was simply shocked that a restaurant in the Roosevelt that is supposedly an upscale place could be so poorly managed.
We went for dinner about 7pm on a Sunday. When we arrived we were told it would about an hour wait, and there was a party of 6 or so in front of us. They offered to seat us at the bar, which is full service, so we said ok. There was one table available so we grabbed it, but it was filthy so we asked a waitress passing by if she could get it cleaned and she said sure. So we stand there, by the table, and ten minutes later, and after having been passed by at least half a dozen servers who totally ignored us, the table still was not cleaned so I had to flag down a woman who seats people and she cleaned it herself. 
During this ten minute wait, we observed that a group of waitresses would congregate in the corner and talk and laugh, basically waste time doing nothing. Little did we know that this was just the start. 
Finally seated, another few minutes go by before menus arrive and requests for drinks. We were probably there already 20 minutes before our order was taken. As we waited for the food and drinks, we had an overlook of the whole restaurant and noticed that the restaurant was only half full. How could there be an hour wait when half the tables were empty? Then it became obvious. We observed that each waitress seemed to have only 1-2 tables each, and the restaurant was badly understaffed. The waitresses in the main lobby would stand around, talk with each other in the corner, play on their phones, and then walk around pretending to be busy. Then the cycle would start again: talk, play, walk. Talk, play,  walk. 
Meanwhile, there was one waitress in the bar area who had 5 tables who waiting tables and getting drinks. She was working her butt off. The other waitresses for the main room seemed to be there for  leisure time because they sure were not working very hard, or in some cases, at all. There was one blonde who merely walked around the restaurant the entire time we were there. I mean she just walked, did not stop at tables, did not set tables, did not do anything except walk, and then go and hide behind the wall and play on her phone. It was incredible.
During the hour or so we were there, not a single party was seated in the main restaurant, everyone was directed to the bar area, so the one waitress got busier and busier. But blondie continued to walk and play on her phone. I am just guessing that the manager was not on duty. In any event, this is no way to run a business. John Besh would not be happy. 
The pizza may be good, but the service was so incredibly bad that I will not return. Let the half-full restaurant try to make money without me.The word is out on Happy Hour here!  Half off pizza, beer, wine and cocktails at a really cool restaurant with great food and it's not a mystery that the place was packed last night.  It's pretty loud but the pizza is really delicious.  I tried the Margherita and the Pesto and both were equally tasty.   The service was very good.  We stayed and I ordered the Baba au Rhum.  It was dry as a bone and I sent it away, the waiter took it off the bill and brought me a complementary replacement of the gianduja pudding.  The pudding was really great, the hazelnut topping was a little stale to me.  I thought it should have been crispier but this is a very picky point.  I really appreciated the gesture.  We had a good time and will most likely return again.Food took over an hour to arrive and a special request for one of the meals was not followed, was very dissatisfied untill they comped not only the messed up meal but the whole dinner, really appreciated that extra effort.I had lunch at Domenica this afternoon at the Roosevelt Hotel. The photos and reviews looked great and I couldn't wait to try it. I was torn between the pizzas and pastas, but ended up going with the tagliatelle pasta. I ordered the little gem lettuce salad to start, which tasted far too cheesy for my liking. The pasta, however, was delicious. The texture was a bit harder then what I've had before, but I didn't mind it. It included slow cooked rabbit and mushroom ragu, something I've never had before but am sure glad I tried. I didn't order any dessert, but the server brought out a couple of mini-sized hot chocolate powdered espresso cookies with the check (tasted SO rich and addicting)!! I might be returning again tomorrow to try the pizza :)After going here for my second time, I felt it necessary to leave a solid review. The first time I went here was over a year ago and had a super positive experience, but this time was even better.
After reviewing the highlights of Domenica on Yelp, I decided on ordering what everyone recommended. It was me and one other person, and we ordered too much food, but soooo worth it. We, of course, ordered the cauliflower to start. This item is seriously good. It's a Domenica staple, so you can't really pass on this. The dipping sauce is insanely addicting. 
For our main courses, I had the squid ink pasta and she had the rigatoni. The squid ink pasta was light, yet creamy with a slight seafood taste - heavenly. She raved about the rigatoni so I would also recommend that! 
On a side note, the waitress was friendly and answered all our questions about the food. She constantly checked in on us without being overbearing. Left a fat tip. 
Can't wait to come back!Bar manager was a little unfriendly, but the food was so good that giving less than five stars would have been wrong. Incredible pizza. Waitress/bartender was very nice, even on the busiest of days staff was cool and collected, friendly smiling faces everywhere, very clean, fitting environmentI'm going to be straightforward from the get-go. I'm a pizza fanatic. One of my earliest memories involves my first encounter with pizza. At a very tender age, I already had a favorite pizzeria (Aldo's in Ozone Park Queens which is still there and yes, I've reviewed it). The best pizza I've ever had is from Pizzeria Trianon in Naples (look at my last meal on my profile!), but Brooklyn's Kenny's Trattoria (RIP) is a very close second. I can talk about pizza until the cows come home to make the fresh mozzarella (though I rather prefer the Buffalo).
Domenica's pizza is delicious and yes, it's in the big league of the above. The best I've had in New Orleans. It's all about the thin crust, the quality of the sauce and cheese and ingredients. I was able to order the wild mushroom pizza w/o egg or bacon. One tiny thing... I don't know if it was my imagination but the mushrooms tasted slightly fishy, not sure if it was due to the 'shroom itself or perhaps a knife used to cut fish was used on the mushrooms? Whatever. It's not like it ruined the pizza for me, but I did pick some mushrooms off. The sauce/cheese ratio is perfect and I appreciate the slightly spicy/savory flavor of the sauce.
But let's also talk about the baked cauliflower app that's the size of the skull of a small child. Incredible, really. And let's talk about the creamy goat cheese that accompanies the head of cauliflower (btw I love how it's browned and a little burnt). I love cauliflower but the goat cheese brings it to a whole other level. 
And then there were the artichoke hearts. Crispy edges, meaty, tender hearts. Mmmmmmmm!
If you, like Hannibal Lector, are thinking a good Chianti would be the perfect vino to accompany the head, hearts... and 'za, you're in luck here, too.
I didn't go for Happy Hour but hope to do so one day! You cannot beat those specials, in my opinion.This was a pleasant surprise. We went to New Orleans for some Southern food but the Neapolitan Pizza Junkie I am ,we stopped here. My wife loved the carrot ,beet and goat cheese pizza. I went for the Margherita with prosciutto, it was good but not great. I travel the states looking for the best Neapolitan style pizza and it fell a little short. Having said that I would totally eat here again:)This review is almost entirely based on the service level received at Dominica.
My wife and I are staying at the Roosevelt and went in for a quick bite - we were greeted with a condescending 'what can I do for you?' - not, 'table for two? Or 'how can we help you tonight'? I was so taken aback I didn't say anything for a moment.
When we sat down our waitress came over and I asked her what she could tell me about two dishes I was considering, her response was (verbatim) I like number 1 better. No description, no dialogue.
Two stars because food was good, otherwise it would be a 1 star.This was randomly suggested as a meetup location for a gathering of co workers and I actually missed it the first time I went looking for it, I had no idea that it was inside the Roosevelt hotel. Excellent food and drinks all round, the pizza was very nicely done with a crisp, thin crust that is very much how I like my pizza. Excellent selection of beers and wonderful service; our little crowd kind of swelled as word spread and the wiatress accommodated us above and beyond what anyone should expect. 
Reservations are a thing here, which was news to me, so do bear that in mind. Excellent location that could serve as a launching pad for a night on the town.Enjoyable take on gastro pub food. We had a salumi-formaggio selection (coppa, lardo, sheep milk cheese), chanterelle mushrooms(over toast), 2 pasta dishes: the stracci with oxtail and fried chicken livers, and the tagliatelle with rabbit, the goat dish, and Brussel sprouts. Lively atmosphere, a little on the loud side. Situated inside a Waldorf Astoria hotel. Friendly service.Wow! I have heard for a while that this is the best pizza in New Orleans, and after trying it, I second the opinion. I had the beet salad as an appetizer and LOVED it! The White Pizza (or similar to this name) was also very good! Thin, flaky crust and tons of flavor. I will be back!Am a big fan of their pizza so decided to give the five-course dining experience a try. Inside the Roosevelt Hotel, it is absolutely gorgeous to say the least but I was disappointed that a proper dinner didn't live up to my expectations. I think I'll stick to having them deliver from now own.Yum!  Any place that makes me rhapsodize about cauliflower to recent acquaintances is extra special. The lasagna was more than generously sized and so tasty. Friends had a couple of pizzas that also were stand outs. The service was friendly and attentive. We will be back.Bad quality and boring food for Italian cuisine. Didn't like the service and the interior. Would not recommend.After 3 nights in NOLA, I was craving Italian. Everything was booked on Saturday night including Domenica. But we thought to try grabbing a seat at the bar and it worked out perfectly. 
Everything we had was exceptionally good starting with pate and the wonderful focaccia. My dining partner ordered the lasagne and ate the whole thing and I had the Campanella with white ragu absolutely delish. Sorry we didn't try this place earlier in our trip so we had time to go back.This place is awesome. The service was great. Ginny took the time to talk to us about the food and make sure we knew what we were getting. The roasted cauliflower was amazing and a lot more going on with it than just roasting. Lol. The flash fried kale is crazy good and to top it all off I had the duck pizza. Wtf? Duck. It was by far the best pizza I've ever had. Ginny was really one of the most friendly and knowledgeable servers I have ever met. She really knew the menu and had a way of making you feel like you were her only table. It was a really great dinner.Interesting menu--
Cauliflower! Octopus!
...got the wrong pizza (?)A lively and loud place in the Roosevelt Hotel (the men's room is hard to find as its on the opposite end of the hotel). The pizzas were phenomenal, especially the margherita (they're also half price during there happy hour from 2-5). I liked the clam pizza a lot as well. The fusilli with gulf shrimp was good. The roasted whole gulf fish was delicious as well. But the pizzas were the most memorable part of the meal.  The bread was quite good but more redolent of their pizza dough than the traditional loaf of French bread that you find in New Orleans. My daughter thought the banana zuppa inglese was one of her three favorite desserts of all time. Just saying.Ate here last night, they were very accommodating changing our reservation from 7:30 to 8:15 then back to 7:30 (much appreciated). William was our waiter, he made recommendations for drinks and appetizers, all were fantastic. Almost all wines are Italian, I had Pinot noir my guy had Pino Grigio. Before my wine I had a cocktail it was spicy and cool all at the same time (can't remember name). We had roast pork pizza, which I loved, my husband just wished it had red sauce..I'm not sure that it had sauce at all but it was so flavorful. We also had the lamb meatballs which are served with a red sauce over polenta so yummy! For dinner we had the rigatoni & bolognese lasagna which stole the show. Absolutely amazing came in the cutest little ceramic dish, pipping hot cheesy and delicious. So happy we made the short trip from our hotel! Thank you William for your great service and amazing recommendations! Definitely eat here!!When we first arrived at 5:45 on a Sunday, there were quite a few people who seemed to be waiting for tables.  We didn't have a reservation, so they quote us 90 minutes, which was fine, so they said they'd give us a call when a table was ready.  5 minutes later they called saying they were able to seat us.  Not sure how you go from 90 minutes to 5, but we weren't complaining.
Once seated, it took a while for our waiter to take our order.  There was a table behind us ordering expensive bottles of wine, so for the whole night he spent 90% of his time chatting up this one particular table, and 10% of the time helping his four other tables.  I can't really blame the guy, he was working hardest at the table likely to tip him the most, but he could have been a little less obvious.  I have to give him credit though, he did stop by the table a few times apologizing for the wait, telling us he'd be back shortly.
The food was adequate.  The lasagna was good, but my husband had the tagliatelle with rabbit and porcini which was VERY bland.Conducted a high level business luncheon with our top execs. Not an especially easy find unless you know it's part of the Roosevelt Hotel. Their cuisine leans heavily towards Italian. Since no one particularly wanted just a luncheon entree, we divided 3 specialty pizzas four ways. This worked out well as their pizza is not the standard you'd find in NYC. About 12" personal pies, but enough for several. Crust was crisp and toppings were excellent.Wanted to take a break from heavy fare, and have a slice with a drink.  A definite departure from typical New Orleans fare.  The people in the neighboring room in our hotel recommended Domenicas.  Loved the roasted cauliflower with whipped feta, so simple and delicious, an absolute surprise.  Pizza was spot on.  And located only 2 blocks from where we were staying, in the elegant Roosevelt Hotel.  Only downside was the service;  hostess had us waiting about 30 minutes while there were at least 3 4 tops just sitting there.Don't go to their happy hour with kids (actually teens).  No matter how well behaved and how worldly their palate may be (they begged me to order the fried rabbit with smoky remoulade). Loved this restaurant the first time we went earlier this week. This time, though, the hostess acted as if she were granting us a huge favor by allowing us to enter the restaurant, then sat us way in the back although the place was empty. It just got worse. Our waiter, when I asked for a wine recommendation, actually said "Well, I have no idea what you're looking for."  As for the food, one pizza was good, one was ok, and the rabbit fritters just tasted like any other fried thing. Try this place once, then move on.This use to be our favorite place in Nola. It was awful tonight. They changed the black ink squid pasta and my daughters rabbit pasta dish was full of bones.  Service was very slow and nothing like what it use to be. I don't know if we will be back. Is there new ownership or management ?Mr.Besh has done it right.Great service,ambiance and Food. Perfect for a date night.food and drinks were right on the money.will definitely visit when I town next time.Introduced my parents to a few new gems. 1. burrata 2. Strawberry Abita. and I think 3. fried squash blossoms
John Besh kills it.Wow wow wow. Where do I start? John Besh does it again. Dominica is a great experience from start to finish, top to bottom.
I went with my cousin and decided we would try a new place and treat ourselves on a Sunday. It was a drab dreary day but that all went away as soon as we entered the restaurant. They greeted us and sat us right away. Its beautiful and well lit with great ambience. The staff is extremely knowledgeable about the food and wine and beers and they clued us in on the happy hour specials which must be the best deals in the city. Make sure you investigate when happy hour is because its fantastic. I believe it was half price wine, beer and well mixed drinks... AAAAND half price every pizza on the menu which makes them $6.50 a piece.
We started with a pizza to split with pork shoulder, bacon, fennel and sweet onions. Outstanding smoky flavor and thin crisp crust. It was maybe a little greasy but it WAS covered in delicious pork products. After that we got the goat dish and the squid ink pasta with crab meat. Both were just beautifully presented and well cooked and hot on the plate. The goat was accompanied by sweet peppers, caulliflower, spinach, tomatoes and a yard egg. All together the flavors were distinct and as brilliant together as independent. The squid ink pasta was perfectly al dente and there was a nice subtle white sauce with fresh, moist, wonderful blue crab meat. You can get a small or large plate of the pastas. I had the small and its a perfect portion for one.
We shared everything, had leftovers for both of us and a drink and it only cost us $30 each. At the end of the meal, as though you hadn't enjoyed yourself enough to write a review a rave review and tell all your friends, they give you these chocolate espresso cookies that are better than the deserts you pay for all through the quarter. Could not be happier and once i officially find out the happy hour details, i can't see myself missing it ever again.
Enjoy!!Affettati misti impressed. That prosciutto isn't playing around, y'all. It's good. Could easily feed about six but we go hard or go home (admittedly we were staying at the Roosevelt & only had a short distance to travel with full bellies) so we dug in, just the two of us. I tackled the eggplant and didn't want to share it. 
The rigatoni was almost inedibly spicy. Yeah, I know the menu says it's spicy, but we're both spice fiends and found ourselves chugging water after each bite. I suspect an accidental heavy hand in the kitchen. The campenelle was some of the best pasta I've ever eaten. 
We thought about second courses but after gorging ourselves on meat and cheese and then burning our tastebuds off, we were stuffed to the gills (yes we finished the rigatoni--we aren't quitters!), so we headed back up. 
Will definitely go again, as there was lots on the menu we wanted to try but we ran out of room.Finally had a chance to sample some non-pizza items for lunch one Saturday. The noise level was minimal, so conversation flowed freely. We shared:
Chicken Liver Crostini with tomatoes agrodolce
Squid Ink Tagliolini with blue crab & herbs
Slow Cooked Brisket gorgonzola and sweet onions
The crostini was far more sophisticated than the menu details. The pate was really a mousse, and decadently rich. The tangy bite of the macerated tomatoes were an asset to cut through the creaminess of the liver. 
The brisket was tender, but the gorgonzola was lacking; my dining companion wanted horseradish to add to the sandwich. 
The Tagliolini was delicious, but strangely, the crab didn't add to its marvelousness, except for the price. I would have been happy with it just with the deft toss of lemon and parsley. 
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, especially the wine list. I'm always happy to happy hour there, and maybe some rainy night have dinner.We were excited to try the Domenica happy hour again. Our first visit we got two pizzas, one that was really good and one that was not so good. The not so good one was the wild mushroom pizza that had an undercooked egg on top that ruined the entire pizza, but we figured that one was a fluke. 
This time we ordered the MARGHERITA and the PROSCIUTTO. The prosciutto was chewy and not fresh. It was awful. The bartenders were disinterested in serving anyone. We were interested in trying a variety of wine but the bartender that finally decided to look at us was so impassive and spiritless it was painful to sit there and enjoy.HAPPY HOUR!!
Seriously, a must try for happy hour, between 3 and 6pm everyday. Half price pizzas and wine... and probably other things too, but we were pretty focused.
The highlights of our meal:
1) Roasted Carrot pizza - roasted carrot sauce, beets, goat cheese, red onion, hazelnut, shaved brussel sprouts. "Huh" you say? Yea, awesome. You will love. 
2) Clam pizza - rich creamy garlic white sauce. No cheese involved whatsoever. Shelled and out-of-shell clams dispersed on top. So decadent. So yum.
3) Fried Kale side - Kale and shaved parmesan and perhaps some other items involved. Such a perfect side. I couldn't get enough and I was reluctant to share. 
Seriously yum. Best Happy Hour. Super friendly and wonderful service.
Also, the small dessert they give you with the check is heavenly. HEAVENLY. It was powder sugar covered chocolate chocolate chip cookies during our visit.Went for the happy hour the pizzas were good, the Bellinis were great just the wait staff was a tad snooty. love the mint cookies you get with the bill!Had a wonderful experience at Domenica. Split the baby greens salad which had a great dressing and the prosciutto was extra crispy, which I loved. I had the Stracci, oxtail and fried chicken livers, large plate. The oxtail was shredded and mixed in with this wonderful green pasta that is made with green herbs. Free bread is served with a spicy red chili pepper olive oil. The restaurant was crowded which made for a very noisy dinner. The wine list only shows by the glass but the waiter said you could order bottles by request.After all my previous reviews, I had thought that I wouldn't need to review Domenica for a while, but this is noteworthy so I have to share it with y'all.
On Friday, two of my friends and I went to the Final Four All Star game, which was really boring so we left at half-time. When we were thinking about leaving and grabbing some food, it was already 5:20. I called Domenica and asked if we would be able to get a table before 6 o'clock and the woman I spoke to said that they will be able to squeeze us in.
We had a little trouble finding a parking spot and literally walked into the restaurant at 5:55. We were seated right away, and our server William took our order by 5:58 so that we could still have Happy Hour prices. Throughout this process and our dining experience, we received superb service. Thanks, everyone on staff, and especially William!I love this place. It is seriously amazing! The cauliflower and the dip it comes with... Words can't even explain them.Great service!!!!!! Our waiter was very sweet and kept up with us even though being very busy. We ordered bloody Mary's and they were great! We ordered the duck pizza and the squid ink antipasti. Both were so good! I only wish I had ordered the larger plate of antipasti because it was that good!! The pizza had a great balance of flavor with the savory duck and the sweet sweet potato. I loved the creamy cheese on the pizza as well. Our waiter even brought us some dark chocolate cookies, which were so great! Very rich chocolate but very balanced with the powdered sugar. 
Can't wait to visit the Roosevelt hotel again and to eat here again!