We tried Killer Po-Boys and Johnny's Po-Boys but this was hands down my favorite! The Surf and Turf was amazing. I can't wait to go back!This mom and pop shop is awesome! The poorboy sandwiches were fantastic and although they're a little pricey, $20. It is still a destination to visit when you're in the area. FYI, you must try the oyster poorboy,  absolutely delicious!This place is in a ton of "best-of" lists.  Walking in, it's obvious that the spot has its following but the whole ordering process is scattered and confusing to a newbie.
Sandwich order at the station, menu on another wall, and drink orders at the other.  The bartender seemed like we were interrupting him and was annoyed when we tried to give him our sandwich order.  
We finally did order two shrimp po-boys which were good but not stand out.
Between the bartender, gruff staff and lack of atmosphere, it was an overall awkward experience.Po boys are everywhere! If you happen to be in the neighborhood, give this place a try. Domilise is a local shop where you can definitely tell they care about the local folks. There were these older women prepping all the foods and putting the po boy together behind the counter. The place felt very homey!
My favorite po boy was the surf & turf which is a combination of roast beef and shrimp. The sauce they used was pretty good. The bread was a slightly too chewy for me and would be perfect if the bread was crunchier and softer in the consistency. 
I was very thankful that they were able to make a lot of sandwiches on such short notice. Decent pricing and good service! Check out this place if you're in the area!Domilises is an institution.  High Life on tap for less than 2 bux, served in a goblet while you wait for your poboy.  I'm a nut for the barbeque beef, which is only available on wednesday and saturday.  The oyster poboy was once the best in the city according to a poster on the wall (with the honor highlighted).  This is a good place to go with two friends and get three sandwiches to split.  Viva Domilise.  A family-run place, make sure there's not an LSU game on or you'll have quite a wait.Great food great service great atmosphere! Sandwiches were really good. I got the roast beef fully dressed and it was amazing!Every time my husband and I visit somewhere new, we always look up restaurants that have been featured on Food Network. We currently live in Mississippi but recently took a day trip to New Orleans. As you could probably guess, there are a ton of resturants that have been on shows like "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," ect... My husband loves poboys. We moved here from Virginia where we lived near the BEST poboy place. So we figured New Orleans just has to be even better. Unfortunately we were wrong. Searching all the different restaurants on yelp, all the poboys looked the same. However, Alex Guarnaschelli raved about this place on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." Now, I love chef Alex so I figured this place must be amazing.
Don't expect anything fancy. This restaurant used to be a house. It's super small, only has maybe 5 or 6 tables. You order right when you walk in. The cook, I can't remember his name, was awesome. He was so nice and helpful. He explained the menu to us and talked us through what to order. I already had my mind set on the shrimp poboy because that's what my girl, Chef Alex, ordered. lol. My husband got the half oyster, half shrimp poboy. Our sandwiches came with lettuce, pickles, mayo, ketchup, and hot sauce. I'm not a huge fan of hot sauce on my sandwiches but I thought this time it was a nice addition.
I gave this place 3 stars because it really is just A-OK. The poboys are good. Just not great. Nothing you can't get anywhere else.Got there at 11:30 am on a Thursday and there was no line! This was a short lived success as they took forever to make the sandwiches. Probably another 20 minutes. I can't imagine how long they would have taken if there was a line. I got the iconic half oyster and half shrimp po boy with all the dressing. It was good but nothing crazy. The bread was actually kind of chewy and hard to bite. Maybe that's how it's suppose to taste?? Who knows but it was a struggle to eat. Also it's HUGE. Two people could have shared one sandwich. Overall, not worth  the uber trip out from the city.If you want to step away from the French Quarter to have some lunch, this is the place to go. It is located in Uptown and a quick Uber ride away the French Quarter. The shrimp po-boy with roast beef gravy was great and they have some great local beer selections as well! The owners are very friendly and great to talk too!!!Heaven on Earth...well atleast when it comes to po'boys. Being from the North, a true quality po'boy is hard to come by. We stopped here one late afternoon quite hungry and ready to indulge on an authentic po'boy experience. We ordered 3 (one oyster, shrimp & catfish), the lady gave us a puzzled look and said "3 for two of yall!?" and were nodded. After a few minutes, the po'boys came out fried perfectly and fresh with all the fixin's(catsup, mayo, lettuce etc.) They were finished in no time and washed down with a Barq's root beer from the bottle. ahhhh. Great way to finish them off. Didn't go for the decor, a very local place nestled in quite neighborhood off the beaten path of NO. Loved seeing the pictures and messages of approval from the Manning brothers and other notable people. If were are ever to return to NOLA, Domilise is a definite must stop.Four stars? NO WAY! This place is PERFECT. There's a bar and the po boys here are the gold standard. Great service from kind, friendly people. Legendary!!!
SIX STARS if I could.On my recent trip to Nola I was told by my friends to check this place out. (I should mention that guy's po-boys is just a few blocks away and I will need to check them out next time). 
I went with the shrimp poboy which was much more expensive than I would have thought and got a barq's rootbeer to wash it down. The place itself has limited seating and although you'll walk out of the place smelling like fried food it was enjoyable. 
The walls are covered with news articles and peyton manning autographed pictures (had to quickly google and yes peyton is from new orleans) in a pretty simple atmosphere. For the price I wouldn't go back but before leaving new orleans I had to try a po'boy.I thought it was okay, Jason thought it was better than okay. Jason thought the oyster Po boy was better than the shrimp... I did too. I wish I would have just gotten a plate of the Fried oysters by themselves. I can say this... It's not frozen out-of-a-bag shrimps or oysters. You can see them dredge it in flour and fry the shrimp or oysters right in front of you. I guess maybe I'm not a big fan of Po boys with everything on it, I should have just gotten mayo on my sandwich. The place was a dive, but I like dives. It did smell a little when I walked in, but I think it was just the grease and the shrimp/ oysters. The people were real nice who worked there.I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars. First off the atmosphere is amazing. It feels like eating in your grandpa's stinky basement if he had a bar and sold Po Boy's. They may have the worst men's room in America. But they shall be redeemed by the excellent shrimp Po Boy my wife and I ate. I've had Parkway, Parasol's, and Tracy's and I have to say this may be the tastiest. I won't call it the best but its dressing was more flavorful vs the others and it's definitely worth a visit.This is my favorite spot in Nola for a poboy. Family owned and always busy so you know it's good. Well worth the wait and always my first stop whenever returning back home!My husband and I have to visit each time we are in NOLA.  We normally go during the week, so we don't really have to deal with the lines.  
When you arrive head up to the food counter, they have a huge sign with options and prices. Any questions, just ask the folks behind the food counter.  They are always helpful. Then head over to the bar and order a drink. Love that they have cold Barq's root beer in the glass bottle! :)  Then grab a seat!
Our favorite is the shrimp poboy and the roast beef and swiss poboy. I like them fully dressed, but they will fix it the way you want it.  A "small" is two large pieces and a "large " is three large pieces.Roast Beef Poboy, YUMMM! 
One of the best poboys in the city. Everything from the soft flakey bread to the tender roast beef is done correctly accumulating in a sandwich which is all too good to try and describe in words. Just wish it wasnt so expensive.When I arrived, there was a line out the door. The wait seemed long since it was cold out that day, but probably ended up being 20 minutes. I had a shrimp po' boy, fully dressed. I ordered a large because all the sandwiches that people were ordering did not look "small," so I figured that was a large. LIttle did I know everyone had ordered smalls. However, I was glad that I did end up ordering the large. I happily chowed down on my large portion, and even took a few bites of my boyfriend's sandwich that he couldn't finish. It was that good.haven't i already done this?  best.  poboy.  ever.  miss dot is the coolest lady around.  coldest high life on tap in frozen chalice.  
get the half and half.  if you're not going to get a seafood poboy, get the roast beef w/ swiss cheese.  if you're really going out on a limb, get the hamburger poboy and thank me later.
best.  ever.Finding this place off the St. Charles Streetcar line was a huge effort. Fortunately for me, my friends humored me and we eventually made it. There was a line out the door and for great reason - the po' boys were a super tasty and so reasonably priced. Not to mention the friendly folks behind the counter. Seating could easily have been an issue, but there was a high turnover. I definitely recommend this place and would make the long journey back if I ever get back to New Orleans.The po' boys are absolutely delicious! Definitely worth the trek from the French Quarter. Get the shrimp one, it's their classic.This is no way near a good New Orleans poboy. The oysters were too over cooked. Dry and tiny. The shrimp was bland and ok. The food was too overpriced. Service was bad.Simply the best Po-Boy in the city. Mother's, eat your heart out.... Friendly staff and the best bartender in town. Half and half with shrimp and oysters or the roast beef are dewishes dewights. 
Tip - ask the bartender the special hangover soda. I think it was a strawberry cream soda and it worked wonders for me and my stinky friendles.I'm not sure why this place gets the raves it does. I would have rated them higher, just every time I do go.. it's the same experience. 
Over priced sandwiches for little that you get. You barely taste anything due to over batter and thick as hell french bread. 
Maybe I just expected more, coming from a place thats been open so long. Everything looks the same, yet seems the food gets more skimmed and prices are jacked up higher.I started coming here when I was a kid.  I moved away and return whenever I'm in town.  Now I brink my college aged sons which makes it even better. The roast beef, oyster, and shrimp po-boys are perfect.  A New Orleans classic.  Excellent food in a "modest" neighborhood hole-in-the-wall.  Don't miss it!!In my humble opinion, might be the best oyster Po boy in a town full of world class Po boys. Have a Barq's with it!Oyster and shrimp po boy were both delicious. Oyster was a little better. Creamy and richer.The place to go for po boys. Great place to stop as your walking around the Garden District.I don't know why this place is so popular.  The owners are great, but the po boys are not good by any standards.It's a New Orleans institution. Love the signed photos from the Manning boys above the bar. This past weekend, we got there about 2pm and there was still a line out the door, but it moved pretty quickly. We changed our order about ten times while watching the ladies assembling po boys, but ultimately opted for the roast beef and shrimp and switched halves. The roast beef wasn't quite as good as I had hoped. The shrimp was pretty great, though. I think it's a little on the pricey side. I like the atmosphere at Domilise's better, but ultimately, I think Parkway makes a better poboy.I like to travel, and when I do, I like to get off the "beaten" path and try neighborhood restaurants that might be really good, but that most tourists don't get to. 
Still, my mom and I were a little sketched out as we drove past the pretty part of Magazine Street into residential areas of the netherlands of New Orleans to try this po' boy shop/bar my friends recommended as an absolute must, but we soon found out ... they were right, right, right. We weren't scared for our safety, so much as feeling like we might be lost, because Domilise's doesn't have much signage. We were early enough that there wasn't a line, and Peyton Manning hadn't yet arrived either :).
On to the food. I had a roast beef sandwich, because the cute boy behind the food side suggested it. It was awesome, because they roast the beef in house and save the jus. My mom had a shrimp po' boy, fully dressed, which was killer too. 
On to the bar. The bartenders are also firefighters, so I 1. unabashedly hit on them because they're Southerners, gentlemen, and heroes and heroes are hot, and 2. probed them for Katrina and other storm stories, which they were really eager to tell. I also had Abita on tap, which I love. I like Abita in a bottle, but Abita on tap makes me happy. They ALSO had garlic Tabasco, which is freaking awesome and impossible to find.
Domilise's is cash only, and there's no ATM like, anywhere that we could find. But all the amazing things about it make up for that little problem. By the time we left, there was a line almost around the block. Go early! Go hungry!Was pretty disappointed this time. Usually poboys are really sloppy, these were almost dry! Plus it's not wort the price, $67.00 for 4 roast beef poboys, won't be back for  a while. 
Counter ladies are super friendly though.This is definitely a hole in the wall, but is totally worth it.  I was on a girls trip in NOLA and said this was must over the weekend.  We arrived around 2:30 PM on a Monday afternoon and there was a few other in there but no wait for a table.  The ordering concept was a little confusing with picking a number and waiting until you are called to order.  Regardless, the food was out of this world.  It was definitely the best food we ate during the trip. The group (7 of us) order either the shrimp po boy or catfish.  Everyone said it one of the highlights of the trip.  I will be back if im ever in NOLA again.So, after trying both Parkway and Domilise, the winner of best poor boy is Domilise's, hands down! I'm not sure what all the Parkway hype is about, but Domilise had better meat, bread, sauce and selection. 
The wife and I had the Surf N' Turf and Shrimp Po-Boys at Parkway. Both were okay but no better than any other Po-Boy in NOLA. 
At Domilise, we split a Shrimp & Oyster Po-Boy because their Po-Boys are twice the size of Parkway's. It was AMAZING! Best Po-Boy, no, BEST SANDWICH EVER! My wife described the oysters best when saying that they "melt-in-your-mouth". The slightly spicy sauce compliments them very well. The bread also tastes great and is perfectly toasted. Be sure to order your Po-Boy fully dressed for extra flavor.So if you come to this place you should know a couple of things.  First, they only take cash so come ready for that!  Second, if you come to Domilise's make sure to order the right thing.  Here, that would involve the fried seafood.  My personal favorite is the fried oyster po-boy but I have been known to get the 1/2 and 1/2 seafood special (1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oyster).  The reason I suggest these over any other is that this place just seems to revel in how fresh, hot, and crispy they make their seafood.  I am not even sure about the other sandwiches on the menu because the thought of those crispy, salty fried oysters with that hot sauce, mayo, and lettuce on Leidenheimer french bread is enough to make me drool.  Even better, go there next time and order the oyter and ask them to top it with some debris gravy!  This was just a flavor/texture-gasm for me.  Anyway, if you follow these simple instructions this will be a place that you will be loyal to and love for years to come.... Oh yeah, and if the owners are reading this, your patrons love you but if you could come down a little in price that would be awesome!
P.S. Don't pass up an ice cold beer or root-beer at the bar if you come here!One word can describe this place, delicious. The Roast Beef Poboy at Domilise is extremely hard to beat. The price is a bit steep, $12 for a poboy, but it is a hard sandwich to beat, and could quite possibly be the best poboy in New Orleans.We live in the 'hood, on Annunciation Street and eat out frequently.
This is the most disappointing place I have tried in a while.  I watched them unwrap pre-cooked packing house roast beef for my po-boy, then douse it with canned gravy and serve it.  Now, I stood right there and watched them do this; not hear-say.  It is so; I WATCHED FROM UP CLOSE !
Fried oyster po-boy isn't much better.  This place is surrounded by lots of better po-boy shops.
To give the Devil his due; they do have cold, cold canned beer; which I MUCH PREFER to those damned beer bottles, for many reasons.  It is hard to find a stop with canned beer around here.
Instead, try (The Original) Parasol's on Constance @ Third Streets; much, much better food.Yep, it is that good! We had one shrimp and one oyster-- both were amazing! I was a little iffie on the ketchup, but it actually works really well. We sat at the little bar with a super cool old timer barkeep and drank Dixie beer, which i suggest doing ironically if at all, ate Zapps and devoured our sandwiches in about 5 minutes flat. While we didn't exhibit much self control in consuming the po boys (i found several bits in my shirt later in the day) we were pillars of will in that we did not order 2 more for the ride back to the hotel.A hidden neighborhood hangout! Wonderful customer service and great food options. I will be a frequent customer!While the Shrimp Sandwich was pretty good and the bread was fresh it really was no big deal. No reason to go stand in line to eat at a dirty place in a bad neighborhood that a pain to get to. My husband had the roast beef with gravy and his exact word were "I could have got a better sandwich at Jimmy Johns!" The lettuce is a pre-shredded plastic bag, the roast beef was regular deli meat and the gravy was a mix. The bread was really light and good though. The place is really dirty and the employees do not cover their hair and they do not wear gloves sorry Food network, you got this one wrongMy favorite New Orleans food.  Full stop.
In 2005, just after Katrina hit, NPR sent a reporter to assess how the city was doing, and the big scoop was that Domilise's was okay.  I felt guilty knowing that during that horrible aftermath, my first thought was always about Domilise's, but that report showed I was not alone.  People love Domilise's that much!
If you're new, get the shrimp.  That is the Platonic ideal of a po-boy, made with untoasted Leidenheimer bread and served on a paper plate.Don't get the hype. Probably the worst shrimp and roast beef poboys I have ever had and I have lived in NOLA my whole life. Maybe I went on a bad day but not inclined to go back.made to order fried shrimp po boy.  shared a large, and the key here is that they use great french bread (leidenheimer) and seems cornmeal? battered shrimp, not too heavy on the batter, nice ketchup and hot sauce balance, get it dressed with everything.  deceptively simple sandwich that is satisfying.  better than parkway po'boyA chef told me this is the one place I had to check out when I visited New Orleans did not lead me astray. The po'boy was mouthwatering. Friendly and loyal bartender who has been with shop for years made for a memorable and pleasant chat.Domilise's is a New Orleans po'boy institution. The women behind the counter are pumping out those sandwiches as fast as they can, so wait your turn in line and don't complain about the wait. Everyone else in front of you in line knows how the good the sandwich is and they are willing to wait, so you should too. The shrimp po'boy is one of, if not the best, in the city. The bread, the spicy mayo, and the size of those golden fried shrimp make it a winner. Domilise's is a little pricey for a sandwich, but they know they can be. Did you see that line out the door? Damn skippy- they can charge a little more. I've had the shrimp and the roast beef with gravy. Good stuff. I recommend this place for people that want a good po'boy but are patient. It may take awhile, but the result is true yumminess. I suggest taking it to go, grab a beer and enjoy in a beautiful setting like on top of the levee or in front of a newly tapped mini keg of NOLA beer. Ah, what a beautiful sight.Best fried shrimp and fried oyster po-boys in town. First place I bring out of town guests (if they are open) and I'm happy to report they finally put their sign back up! The best part is when Ms. Dot pokes her head out of the family house which is attached to the restaurant to check on things. Not totally sure how they pass health inspections, but the food is so good, you just don't care.Good po-boy, but $14 for a shrimp and oyster po-boy - c'mon, it's not that good.Best Po'Boys you can get. They are closed two days of the week currently. The sign out front is gone, but let me tell you those folks can make a killer sandwhich. We went with four people, got four larges, had them cut four ways and we all got to try a bit of the good stuff. Oyster Po'Boy, Shrimp Po'Boy, Roast Beef Po'Boy (MmmMm with gravy) and the Hot Sausage Po'Boy. With their cheap bottled and draft beers you cant go wrong. If you come in there though, dont grab a table when you are 20 minutes away it just makes it a pain for people in front of you to eat. 
:)Honestly you wouldn't see this place if you weren't looking. It's a complete hole in the wall and I hope it stays that way. I love their shrimp poboys dressed fully. It doesn't look much better on the inside but if you come for the food and not the decor you'll be very satisfied. I'm a 3rd generation eater of this restaurant over the past 50 years and it's gotten better over time! I don't live here but I make it a point to come every time. Not staying in the touristy areas makes it a lot easier to access too.Love these local neighborhood institutions. My friend brought me here; she grew up in the area and said this is THE spot where everyone went to hang out. 
I asked the owner what the most popular item is- shrimp po'boy is it! Good flavors and contrasting textures. Throw in some Zapp chips (spicy cajun crawtators), and we got a meal. 
5 stars for mom and pop establishments that span generations. Love the local decorations and photos. It's clear this isn't a tourist trap, and it's the real deal.Domilise was recommended to me by a friend who previously lived in New Orleans, and I'm so glad we made the trip all the way Uptown to eat there.  It's a tiny little hole-in-the-wall family joint serving up fresh po-boys that are delicious.  The women behind the fryers/grill are so lovely and friendly that they feel like family, and the bartender was super chilled.  It was the perfect place to go after a walk in the Garden District.  It's not super convenient to get to unless you have a car or take the bus, but we liked the walk.  It is definitely a local joint - lots of people were stopping in to pick up sandwiches to go and a cop was eating there (always a good sign) - and there are tons of photos of Peyton and Eli Manning from when they were in high school (they grew up not far from the shop).  If I could get these sandwiches in NYC I'd be in big trouble because I'd eat one a week!Wow, what a let down.  We saw Emeril Lagasse recommend this place when he visited it on a program we watched.  How on earth does this food get 4 stars and a recommendation from one of the most recognizable chefs in the U.S.???  There isn't enough seating and the kitchen is slow when its busy, which would be fine if the food was amazing but its not even close.  My wife & I split a roast beef poboy and a shrimp poboy, both were completely forgettable.  The kitchen staff is super friendly, but I'd look for good poboys elsewhere.We finally made our way to Domilise's after 4 trips to NOLA. Why did we wait so long? We took the bus from Canal and it was only a 15 minute ride. We decided to share a large Shrimp Po-boy ($15) and 2 beers. There was so much shrimp, that they were also piled on the plate. The bread was the perfect amount of crisp and chew. Dressed with mayo, lettuce, pickle and hot sauce. It was more than enough to fill us up for an early lunch. We didn't have to wait like a lot of the reviews claimed. It was 1ish and we got a seat right away.  Cool old neighborhood joint worth the bus trip for sure.  Add this to your list when visiting the Garden District!An institution. Love the sweet ladies behind the counter and the way you can watch them fry your sandwich's fish, shrimp or oysters to order. The bar is stocked with Barq's, Zapps, and Abita. I usually get the "small" (which means plenty big) catfish, dressed with extra mayo. The catfish fillet adds a little extra moisture to the sandwich, and when the hot fillet mixes with the hot sauce and mayo it becomes such a satisfying bite. 
Worth waiting in the line that often snakes out the door.I grew up in New Orleans and look forward to eating certain things when I'm back. Raw oysters and poboys are two. Domilise is an poboy institution but it can live on its reputation just so long. Had the half and half poboy. Half fried oysters half shrimp. Bread was nothing like it used to be. Lacked crisp crust, too doughy. Only a few oysters and shrimp on the sandwich. Big disappointment. People next to us had shrimp poboys. Overflowing with shrimp. They were happy. I'll look elsewhere for a poboy next time I'm in town. FYI: wasn't that impressed with Parkway poboy either. In the neighborhood Frankie and Johnny's still have great oysters, much better than Acme Oyster House in the Quarter.We went to this place on a recommendation from a friend that grew up in Nola. This was, by far, the best poboy I've ever had. It's a very quirky little place (inside a house) on a residential street in Uptown, but it's totally worth the walk and adventure.The short line moved quickly when we arrived. After ordering, we grabbed seats at the bar to wait for our sandwiches. We ordered a small half mixed-seafood po boy (half oyster, half shrimp, mixed in the middle) fully dressed and a small rich boy with cheese and horseradish. Small was plenty of food. Both were delicious, even after getting them to-go and walking about 15 minutes - seafood was still crispy! We both preferred the oyster side of the po boy over the shrimp and the rich boy exceeded expectations (we only ordered it because it seemed like everybody else was). The place is in a neighborhood, so it is a bit of a destination, but it has a lot of character and was well worth the walk.You want flash and long lines, go to Crabby Jack's. You want just a darn good po'boy shop come here. Prudes might call it dingy, but I call it perfect.Super big fan. 
I was SUPERRRRRR hung over...to the point I didn't even want to eat.. (who was I ... I have no idea). 
Walked in right when they opened. No wait. Score.
 I immediately ordered a super ice cold beer. They keep the glasses straight frozen and I appreciate that small but very important detail. 
Once I got my wits about me... I ordered a shirmp po'boy. Super sweet and crispy shrimp, like light and piled on there.. they do not skimp. The bread was soft and kind of like eating a cloud. BOMB. Everything together was magical and even my hung over self knew this.can't change my rating since i haven't been there again but not for lack of trying!  three times in the last 6 months, i have wanted to revisit the greatest fried oyster po boy in the land (especially since others who have tried it lately have told me they don't see what the big deal is) and EVERY SINGLE TIME, there has been a hand-printed sign with "We are closed" and today's date - affirming that they are in fact still in business, just not for me.
YO.  WTF?!?Just had the best shrimp sandwich pool boy in my life I would highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans to check that place you're not going to regret itDocked a star for being incredibly overpriced, in my humble opinion. They are obviously charging prices that tourists and those seeking NOLA institutions are willing to pay. Maybe I have just only had poboys at really low brow places. 
However, I found the staff to be friendly and the service to be quick. My catfish poboy was a large portion (I got a "small" which is essentially a normal sized poboy, a large is like a poboy and a half). The bread was fresh, the catfish was perfectly cooked and piping hot, and it was all drizzled in lots of hot sauce. YUM. I needed at least 10 napkins. Of course, I spilled food all over myself.
People call it dive-y, but honestly the appearance is not off putting for locals. I didn't find it to be uncomfortable in any sense. 
It's definitely an experience that one should seek out at least once during their time in Nola, but I'm not sure I would go out of my way to grab a poboy from here when there are cheaper and just as good options that are closer to my house.The shrimp po-boy is tasty. Nice-sized portion(I ordered a small sandwich).I hadn't truly experienced a po-boy until I stopped here, the combination of fried shrimp, lettuce, pickles, and mayo on toasted french bread was incomparable to anything i'd had up to that point, add a little Louisiana hot sauce to that bad boy, and you've got a customer for life!
This place will be at the top of the list of recommendations I give to people when they are looking for somewhere to eat in New Orleans!No visit to New Orleans is complete for me without a visit to Domilise's for a fried shrimp and/or oyster po boy. The bread is fresh, the seafood is fried to order, and the toppings are all fantastic. While the location is a little off the beaten path, it is well worth going out of your way to try one of these mouthwateringly delicious sandwiches. Make sure to plan ahead though as the wait can get long around the lunch hour and they are closed on Sundays.I really loved the food! I had a roast beef and shrimp po boy! And it was delicious!! The attention of the ladies of the kitchen was awesome, however, the guy from the bar had a really negative attitude toward us, complaining "how tired he was of the people that comes there" and he specially he had a really bad and stupid behavior. But in general the food was awesome JUST STAY AWAY FROM THE BAR!!!It'd be really hard to find a better po-boy in New Orleans.
We make it a point to visit every trip we take to Louisiana, I was born and raised in NOLA but moved to Austin,Tx 8 years ago. I have told every friend that has traveled to New Orleans and not one has been disappointed. 
The po-boys are delicious, the service is quick - don't let the line that can go out the door fool you it moves quickly and is so worth a few minutes. 
The roast beef with extra gravy dressed no mayo is my personal favorite, the hot sausage with chili gets a big thumbs up, my picky eater niece devours the fried shrimp and my mom adores the oyster.... its a mistake to miss this place and the deliciousness that is made inside. They stuff that fresh bread full and your belly leaves overjoyed that you made the choice to nom here.
The staff are sweethearts and make it a point to say hey y'all to all the newbies and remember the regulars. 
Our family has been going for years, I can remember being a teen and enjoying the same experience. Its a small place but Im so happy they don't expand into a bigger spot and loose everything that makes it great, family and friend oriented these guys know how to have a good time while making delicious food.
You can call in an order to pick up if you are in a rush too.I Had the seafood with fried oysters and shrimp. I was so hungry I literally forgot to take a picture of it lol I went out of my way to go to this specific sandwich shop while in town and was just not impressed. I don't think there was anything about them that truly stood out. Very generic tasting from bread to sauce but it hits the spot if you're near by. Slightly expensive as well, about 20$ for an average tasting Po'Boy.Had the shrimp, Swiss and brown gravy po boy and the catfish!  It was so good!  Great little place.  The ladies in there are so precious!  Good find!God damn. Best sandwiches either of us have ever had. Ever. Seriously. We had an off the menu special with shrimp and beef gravy (pictured) and the roast beef. I wish I were eating them again right now.There's a myth going around that this is one of New Orleans' best sandwich shops, but reality is that Domilise gets by on its name at this point. I really don't know how they are still in business
I COULD overlook some things about the place (Lack of parking, unfriendly staff, limited seating, dirty floors, etc)...IF the food was great..or even good for that matter - but it isn't.  The shrimp po' boy, which costs around $12.50 was mediocre - I've had better from a gas station - SERIOUSLY! The shrimp were tiny and the sandwich was far from "overstuffed".  Some bites of "shrimp" were just fry - no shrimp to be found.
On top of the sandwiches being average at best, the staff at the counter doesn't seem to have a clear defined role.  Most of the time they just sit there making sandwiches, and occasionally, when the line starts running out of the door, one of them will stop to take an order or two, handle the dirty money with out cleaning their hands, and go straight back to handling food again. I just LOVE the taste of a dollar bill sandwich and standing at the counter for 25 minutes just to place my order...I swear.
Like many people have said before me, just go to Crabby Jacks, or Parkway Tavern and get it over with. Both are infinitely better and you don't have to take out a 2nd mortgage or cancel all of your afternoon appointments to get a Po' Boy.Judged one of the top po'boy places in town.  I somehow spent 4 years in New Orleans and didn't try it until my last visit down.  How foolish I was.
Probably the best shrimp po'boy I've ever had.  There is a special mustard or something that really makes it perfect.
We managed to sneak in right before the major rush but it definitely gets crowded.  Also, they have a small dining room with only a handful of tables so it's worth coming early. 
Favorites are: Shrimp po'boyThis hole in the wall po-boy shop is everything you want it to be. We had delicious food, nostalgic beverages and chatted with locals who had memories of the place from 50 years ago. The sandwiches are amazing. Can't go wrong.I get the roast beef with gravy and Swiss most of the time. Very solid poboys. They really need a better system to placing orders and getting them out. Anyway, maybe that's part of the charm. Just like somehow mustard always gets on my Poboy.Maybe I just expected too much because of all the build up. Seeing this place on Anthony Bourdain's show, No Reservations, excited me. This is my favorite city & fav food city that I am very passionate about... but I was a little let down. Don't misunderstand me though. It was a good poboy... just not the WOW I was looking forward to. The bread has that 'tooth' we all look for. The poboy insides are mediocre quality, but still tasty. The place itself is a dump, which is always fine as long as the food is good. There are only about a dozen tables in the place plus a bar (that serves soda and beer only). We went around 11 AM and waited in line to order for about 10-15 minutes. I do have to admit, it's soooo NOLA hole-in-the-wall, and that is a good thing. haha.
The small shrimp poboy cost around $10.These poboys are EXTREMELY OVERPRICED! not good enough to charge 18.50$ for poboy .Po boys have cigarette taste to it .I would go to crabby jacks any day over these old school folks...good day.go here. order a fried shrimp or oyster or mixed po-boy...dressed. get a cold beer or a Barq's. and relish it all. the experience, the look, the feel, the vibe. be patient and enjoy. this is the quintessential New Orleans experience. get off the beaten path, and check it out. (btw, Mother's doesn't hold a candle to this joint).Notice all the reviews are written by out-of-towners?  Domilise got famous, raised their prices and locals stopped going as much.  Good but way over priced.My favorite Poboys in my hometown. I go here every single time I visit. I always get the 1/2 oyster 1/2 shrimp to go with a Barqs and take it to the Fly, where I enjoy every last bite. Sooooooo good. Man I wish I was in New Orleans right now.So good! The staff were all super friendly. It's not in a touristy area so a lot of locals go there it seems. The Po-boys didn't take long to make and were really fresh. Even the "small" Po-boys were a big size.Cabbing through the back streets of New Orleans, having no idea where I'm being taken is an experience in itself but I really felt that Domilise Sandwich Shop & Bar is the real deal. There are people there that obviously care about the food they put out & the people that work there. That day there were free cupcakes for Arnold? I believe it was, who had been working there for MANY MANY years. 
I  live in Honolulu, so talking about price of food, I thought this place was SUPER reasonable for what you get. The bread was perfect for a po boy. A thin crisp crusty shell, with soft insides. It looks thick, but the bread squishes down to really just completely compliment the fried goodness inside. We got the mix of shrimp and oysters which was great. Since the shrimp is firm and succulent while the oysters are rich and creamy. With the vinegar in the pickles, lightness of the mayo and some veg (to make yourself feel better & keep the sandwich fresh) made this the best po boy I've ever had. I had a couple others in New Orleans, but this was by for the best.Not everyone in my group loved their po boys (we were all visitors to New Orleans tasting our first po boys) but I did. The roast beef with pickles was good and sloppy. But if I came here again I'd order the hot sausage even though it's not the sausage Miss Dot used to serve. Even if the food had sucked, the authenticity of this place would have made at least dropping by worth it.A lot of places in New Orleans say or are said to have the best poboys in town.  Don't waste your time - this is the one.  Have the shrimp poboy.  Then you will know what you've been missing all this time.
In a way, this is the classic NO local non-touristic place: tiny, out of the way, kinda strange hours (not open Thurs for some reason or Sun), known & loved by locals, potentially long line out the door, near zero ambience ... and great food.Great po-boys. It's a little small so seating is tough, but it's fairly quick. Bring cashOnce our plane landed in NOLA, we ordered an uber and came here in our airplane garb and luggage.... We couldn't wait! 
We were only planning on getting the half & half (half shrimp and half oysters) but it was SO good we had to get another one. Everything was freshly fried and I don't think I've had better fried oysters before. The bread was soft and chewy and went so well with the sauces in the sandwich. We finished it in no time and ended up ordering the Surf & Turf which was roast beef with fried shrimp on top. While that was also really good, I definitely liked the half & half best. 
Domilise's is very divey and local. Half of the restaurant is a bar with cheap drinks and the other half is this po boy making operation. The customers who came in knew the ladies making the sandwiches and everyone eating there were from around here. Its not fancy, but worth a visit!This place was a little hole in the wall located in a college neighborhood. It was super small, filthy, over priced, and the staff was not friendly! The PO boy was good but not good enough to go back! I'll never go again! So please first timers try somewhere else! On top of that lots of construction in neighborhood so it was even harder to get to!After hearing about the good, historic reputation I thought I would check out Domilise's for a  po-boy with my girlfriend.  Location was great, right down the street from my house. Not in a bad neighborhood as some other reviews have stated. 
The establishment itself has its own hole-in-the-wall charm, and the ladies behind the counter were real friendly. I got the hot sausage dressed, and she got the roast beef dressed. I thought it was okay and would rate 3 stars, but she thought it was disgusting. She said it was terrible and I thought she was just being a girl about the mess from the gravy. Then i tasted it, and she was right. The roast beef was 3 over-cooked 3/4'' slabs of beef. They were dry, chewy and without flavor. No amount of gravy could cover that up.
Wish I could have enjoyed this more, and maybe I just went on the wrong day at the wrong time. Good location, good staff, good premise, bad food quality, and a world famous po-boy shop messing up roast beef is unacceptable to me. Will not go back.My absolute favorite poboy shop in New Orleans. Very small place so get there early. Can't go wrong with a fried shrimp and oyster poboy.I've been eating po-boys for decades around New Orleans but not until recently did I make the trip to Domilise's, a shop that always sits around the top of "must visit" lists for po-boy shops in town. It pains me to say that the po-boys here are rock bottom for New Orleans and we left feeling ripped off and confused.
The meal: We paid $11.00 for a roast beef and $12.00 for a fried shrimp.
- The roast beef was dry and flavorless.
- The shrimp po-boy was equally flavorless, even a bit of salt would've helped. But that wasn't half the issue... There was enough poop on the shrimp to serve as a meal in itself. I couldn't even finish it I was so grossed out. I'm no stranger to the "veins" on shrimp and I know that a lot of shops don't devein especially when frying medium-sized shrimp. But this was out of control.
- The bread was fine and beers ordered alongside were cold / refreshing.
So I feel like I got burned by the hype machine that I'd ignored for so long and shame on me for not asking around with more locals before visiting. Honestly you'll do better with a po-boy from Danny & Clyde's.My family and I made the visit to Domilise on the recommendation of my father-in-law. This place has been around forever, and you can feel it when you walk in. I am not referring to the decor, but rather the energy you get when you open the door. The ladies working behind the counter were the sweetest! They fried up shrimp especially to order for my daughter. We were lucky enough to visit on a Saturday when they serve up the Seafood Half and Half. A half Shrimp half Oyster   sandwich. So as not to surprise you the sandwich is actually shrimp on one half oyster on the other. It is delicious! We had it with a side of the fries topped with cheddar, and because they were out of the roast beef debris they gave us a side of the most delicious gravy to dip our fries in. The gravy was so good I got up and hugged all of the ladies that made it! I highly suggest making a stop into this New Orleans landmark!I would rather give it 3.5 stars but it was better than OK so I'll go with 4. Now, my rating of the food has absolutely NOTHING to do with my experience getting there and worse off, going back. It was not Domilese's fault. 
  First I must warn anyone staying in the French Quarter wanting to come here...YOUR CAB FARE WILL BE MORE THAN YOUR SANDWICH!!! I swear to you I am not exaggerating. My cab ride was $17 with tip!!! It is about a 15-20 min ride. 
  I was hell bent on coming here especially after I saw it on Adam Richman's BSIA. He made it sound like it was the best fried shrimp po boy on earth and I've always agreed 1000% with his opinions but I have to say I was let down quite a bit by this one. It was a great size for the smaller one ($11) and tasted pretty good but not great. I can't point out exactly what it was since they use the traditional French bread, crispy and fresh (especially at the rate they crank them out) rock shrimp, not soggy nor greasy. The lettuce and tomato also provided the fresh, crisp aspect to the sandwich and lots of Cristal hot sauce made me a very happy camper. I prefer Johnny's Po Boys in the Quarter over this. 
  I spoke to some locals while eating at the bar and told them my ordeal getting there and they said I could've just taken the 10 bus on the next block and it was only $1.25. Good thing cause I only had about $4 left. To make a very very long story short, I just missed the bus and had to wait 90 MINUTES for the next one under a monsoon because only 1 bus runs at a time!!! Definitely NOT worth the hassle of coming out this far, even if I had a car.Growing up in NOLA these are the best around!! The locals know dat! You can always tell how good a place is by the line outside!Good Po-boys, but not the best. the atmosphere is really interesting, but none of it is ever worth waiting in line on the street for 45 minutes.This is my favorite Po Boy in New Orleans. Why? The batter is crisp along with the French Bread. They also use a Ketchup and Hot Sauce blend which is killer. I recommend the half Oyster and Half shrimp. Grab a bag of chips and a bottle of Barq's.Small little spot worth the drive and wait. Bread makes the sandwich and the shrimp was delicious. Perfectly dressed with pickles, mayo, tomatoes and hot sauce. Paired with a frosty cold glass of Abita Amber and you have the best shrimp Po boy there is!The poboys are excellent, but it's not worth the wait. When I get the craving for Domilisie's I go early when it opens but never on the weekends. It is my second favorite poboy shop. The best (#1) poboy shop in my opinion is Short Stop Poboys in Metairie.This place is about as "authentic New Orleans" as the north shore. The food is fine, but it is very old New Orleans in all the wrong ways. They give NOPD officers free food (questionable legality there), and discounts to Tulane and Loyola students (but not to Xavier, UNO, Delgado, or SUNO students). 
FYI - if you do go, note that the owners pay their workers poverty-level wages, so please tip as you would a server.
The food isn't bad, just consider which businesses you support & who is really benefitting.My boyfriend and I tried this place as wandering tourists and on recommendation from a trusted local. We both had the shrimp po' boys. The "small" is expensive, but enormous and delicious. We felt very free to get messy with the condiments which made it all the more delicious. Definitely a must if you are in the uptown area by Audubon Park and Tulane University.
We were fortunate enough to get there while it was empty, but from eavesdropping on another table we heard that it is normally packed.Fantastic Poor Boy sandwich, we had 3 half shrimp and half oysters.  Very tasty and packed full.  And 1 Catfish, tender and tasty. Fries were crispy and tasty.  He highly recommendOne night I was watching the food network and i saw a show that was called "Sandwiches you will love" I think. Anyway, a sandwich shop came on that was located in New Orleans, LA. I knew that I was going to be in New Orleans for Voodoo Fest, like i am every year so I thought i would write it down so i could check it out. 
True to the show it was in a somewhat shabby looking building quite some distance from the touristy French Quarter. I had the Hot Smoked Sausage dressed with the chili sauce. This was a sandwich that was packed with flavor. My girlfriend had the roast beef po-boy dressed and smothered in gravy. It was hard to tell which one I liked more but i think I would go with the sausage since it did seem to have more flavor. I did notice that almost everyone in line ordered a shrimp po-boy so maybe that's what I should have tried. Maybe next time as I am sure that I will make it a point to stop by this place any time I find myself in New Orleans.My first ever experience with a po boy, and I must say - this place is fantastic! Crowded, line out the door, hard to find a table, but as soon as you take your first bite, it's all worth it. The bread was great, the shrimp fried to perfection, and the sauces were just messy enough. The perfect hangover cure for sure!! I was reborn, if you're going to be in Nola, you must come here! It's just not the same experience without itMy fav po-boy shop. It is a little shack located in the residential area of uptown New Orleans. There is always a lunch crowd with a solid mix of college students, tourists and professionals wearing suits. Always check the schedule or call ahead before making a trek out there because they tend to be closed at random times or days of the week.  The half shrimp and half oyster po-boy is my go-to.Awesome Po Boy. I had the shrimp and catfish and loved it. And the wife had shrimp and oyster and she said it was the best po boy ever. Will go there again.mmmmmmmm.... good enough to go twice (or more!) in a week - even if you're only in nola for week...
i would have to say that i liked the oyster po'boy the best of the four i've tried, although all of them were awesome (shrimp, roast beef, hot sausage).  you just have to get them fully dressed, too.  cheap beers, friendly staff, and the obligatory barq's in a glass bottle... i especially liked the convenient sink to wash off after you eat, because, boy, do you need it!
i'd recommend going on a less busy day though (not saturday) for shorter lines, better fried anything, and easier seating.Hands down my fav. po-boy in the city.  Its all about the way they dress it.  Perfect.  I don't even know how to explain it.  Just delicious.  
The inside is classic New Orleans.  Totally crappy and endearing.  Cheap beer on tap.These are the BEST po-boys I've yet to try; I haven't tried the much talked about Parkway Tavern, so I'll update if I think otherwise.  But really, SOOO GOOOD!!  My best friend and I tried the half shrimp and half oyster po-boy and really, it's PER-FEC-TION!  I thought the bread looked a bit hard, but it was just right.  The batter on the shrimp and oysters was to-die-for.  When it comes to fried shrimp and oysters I worry that the batter might be too heavy and over-bearing and was amazed by how it didn't give me that disgusted feeling after I eat too much fried food.  This sandwich was an instant hit with my best friend and I.  The only down-side?  The pricing is a bit steep!  The shrimp and oyster po-boy is the most expensive at $17!  
Domilise is located uptown, and it's easy to miss so be on the lookout for the sign.  Like many places uptown, the restaurant was once a house, so it blends into the neighborhood.  The place is pretty small, and it gets pretty packed during lunchtime, so just be ready to wait if you decide to come during peak lunch hours.
So yes, I really wanted to give this place five stars.  If only it was a few bucks cheaper I would've been more than happy to!So I bought into the hype and decided to get a po-boy here since I was in the area. It is as all the reviews say..grab a number and wait your turn, very no nonsense. I will say that I was slightly put off by the same people handling cash and food so I asked the lady to wash her hands. With all of that being said...The oyster poboy was absolutely delicious and this may be the place I take out of towners. I don't know what they did but it was probably one of the best tasting and filling poboys I've ever eaten!Great poboys! Kinda weird how you pay for food & drink separately. Will be back for another roast beef or shrimp! Great bread.Po-boy's are delicious and the beer is cold.  Kind of a hole in the wall.  Dirty little bathroom with no sink and no lock.  Wooden pallet on the bathroom floor, wet and nasty.  But that sandwich was great.Domilises is very good, my grandmother introduced it to me when I was a little kid before Katrina after a Carollton Boosters basketball game. It holds a special place in my heart. The price is a little bit, but it is a once every now and again place to go eat. I enjoy the food and the comfy atmosphere.OK. I have to say I love the decor. Real down-home. It's not in a touristy area, and that's a plus, too. Regarding the sandwiches, well, honestly, I've had better. I had a roast beef which was saturated with gravy. It was pretty big, It was good, but I guess I was expecting more. maybe I shoulda had a shrimp. 
Next trip to Nawlins, I'll go elsewhere.Though limited vegetarian options have emerged on menus in recent years, dining in New Orleans still feels like entering (or eating) "the belly of the beast." I can't really comment on the deliciousness of anything at Domalise other than the cheese po' boy, and I've eaten my share of cheese po' boys since my family moved to Louisiana fifteen years ago. As long as it's not two slices of American cheese on bread, I find cheese po' boys tasty, albeit unexciting. Domalise's was one of the better. But, mentioned in a prior review, these are some rich man's po' boys.
I arrived with friends from L.A. who hold great passion for Mr. Bourdain and his meat (no pun intended...I think). I wasn't starving and the line didn't bother me. Nor the "dive" atmosphere. As someone who's jumped down a sewer grate for  $20, I hoped the run-down exterior equated to rock-bottom prices. Notably, the menu is posted on the wall and wasn't visible until the line moved indoors. "Swiss Cheese" was an option. Yes! No need to confuse an overworked, lunch rush staff with an off-menu item!
I paid $9.00 for a small cheese sandwich and can of Coca-Cola.
It was relatively bland, made by a nice woman who called us, "Sweetie," and offered onions and pickles to add flavor. I liked having the option of yellow AND creole mustard, though wondered about the lack of tomatoes. My friend loved her large seafood combo which, if I ate seafood, looked pretty amazing. But seriously, over $17.00 for one sandwich?! I've got no problem with splurging once in a while, but if you're justifying the cost between bites (and all the way home), is the meal really enjoyable? 
I may be wrong, but Domalise gives the impression of a once-hidden, now-found gem, adjusting prices for popularity and keeping an atmosphere of authenticity. Yes, the food was good, but mentally calculating your food budget while eating can leave a bitter taste in your mouth.Lots of hype behind this one.  We tried the shrimp po'boy and the roast beef and swiss.  The shrimp was above average in flavor, but below average in shrimp portion compared to, say, brothers.  It's also twice the price, so something to consider.  The roast beef and Swiss, on the other hand, was amazing.  Best roast beef I've had in the city.  I will pay whatever they want for that thing.  So good.Neat little place with good po-boys. I got my staple, the fried shrimp. I have no complaints but I do prefer another Uptown po-boy place over this one. In fact, I got one from here and my friend got one from the other place and we did a taste test to compare. This is probably my 2nd favorite po-boy place.
I thought there would be more of a bar since it's in the title of the establishment, but it's really just a small bar in the back with a TV in the corner and from what I could tell they only serve beer.I love this place.  Best shrimp po'boys in town.  Everyone is so nice in there.  It's a small place, long lines, and a little pricey, but well worth it.Favorite sandwich in New Orleans. I love the hot sausage sandwiches best. The oyster poboy is also very nice.You must try their shrimp po'boys! We came here on a Wednesday and probably waited an hour to order our po'boys. They were delicious! They are really big too. We also got their fries which were really good. Everyone is super friendly here.Good roast beef, but prices are absolutely ridiculous. Bring lube, you'll need it.Great little joint.  Family run and the quality is and, hopefully, always will be top notch.  Go with the roast beef, fully dressed.  Oh, and a Barq's root-beer or Abita Amber to wash it down and baby, you're home.Meh...not impressed. So far, I still hold Parkway at the top of po'boys. It's too expensive for a 'just ok' sandwich....What a delicious, warm, and welcoming experience.  As per the sweet woman's recommendation, I got the shrimp po boy with everything on it (mayo, ketchup, lettuce, pickles) and a coke.  The shrimp were fat and the fry was perfectly seasoned and crunchy.  I got the small, but it was huge, tons of plump shrimp falling out of the two generous slices of French bread which was delicious, too; soft and pillowy on the inside, crunchy on the outside.
The two ladies behind the sandwich bar were a true pleasure.  You can tell they've been making the po boys at this place for a long time and they both sincerely enjoy being sandwich artists.  As I was leaving, I told one of them how much I enjoyed my sandwich.  She looked genuinely happy that I had loved it so much.  She told me she'd be sure to pass my compliments over to the woman responsible.  then she pointed out the cutting board, which had deep grooves cut where they slice the soft bread for their 10 and 8 inch sandwiches.  "Look at that.  We've probably been cutting into this same sandwich board for almost one hundred years."Fantastic po-boys.  Hand-made.  Roast beef and grump are the best.  Belly up to the bar and tuck in for a treat!  Not too messy, not too clean, but just right!  Usually mobbed with locals and an unusual number of visitors for its off-beaten-path location.  It is imperative you take a number just inside the door, or give up all hope ye who enter here.  This place does superb work at a typically relaxed New Orleans pace.  If you ask them to hurry you will be curtly told to go McDonalds!  Atmosphere is no too loud, but cordial.  Everyone is too focussed on their taste buds and keeping their sandwich from squirting out the other end.  For tourists I'd take the Tchoupaloulas bus, have a pedicure at Serenity, then walk the block for a great meal!A big meatball sandwich, a bag of chips, and a Dixie beer. What the fuck else do you want from me today?These sandwiches were amazing.  Kind of a crazy wait.  But worth it.  I got a shrimp and oyster Po boy and it was pretty damn good.  The bourdain was even better.  The fries were the best.   But the meatball was the group favorite.Not as good as Tracey's and Guy's IMO but a must for the classic NOLA ambiance.I live and die at Dot's hand.
If you plan on traveling to New Orleans any time soon, you have to stop by Domilise and get a Po'Boy. I'm originally from New Orleans and spent part of my childhood growing up down the street from Domilise's. It's the best spot to get a bottled Barq's and have a Roast Beef Po'Boy in the city.
It's one of the oldest family owned restaurants in the city. Stop in, say hot to Dot (the owner and propriator) and Ray the bartender. You won't be disappointed. I dream at times of the taste of one of their Po'Boy's in my mouth and I await my next visit with baited breath.ROAST BEEF BABY!
Came here two more times on the last trip. officially switching back to oyster/shrimp fully dressed with extra hot sauce.
love the roast beef. don't get me wrong. it's amazing. but I the heat this summer makes the oyster/shrimp the one to get.
PS: forgot the Manning shrine.  great for you die hard Eli and Peyton fans. snap a photo and forget looking like a total tourist for a minute.I really liked the vibe of this place.  However, I thought their shrimp po boy was good but nothing exceptional.  I think the ketchup they add when it's dressed really detracts from it.   It's way off the beaten path, but if you want to spend a few hours walking up Magazine St to the Quarter (a terrific way to see the city), it's a good launching point for that.   I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.Tucked in an Uptown neighborhood (my neighborhood, actually) this po-boy shop is the best in town.  The woman who runs the place actually lives in the other half of this house.  It's true old-school New Orleans and I love it.
The shrimp po-boy is to die for, and the oyster po-boy and roast beef po-boy are delicious as well.
Call before visiting; they have odd hours (closes early and Sundays)Thanks to Yelp reviewers I stopped at what was considered to be 2 of the best Po boys sandwich shops in New Orleans: Parkway Bakery & Tavern and Domilise...
It's my opinion that (at least between these 2) Domilise was far better.
What I had:
Half Shrimp & Oyster:  A+
Roast Beef:  A+
I really don't like to brag about food bc it's so subjective...but it was something else.  This place has become fairly popular, it's my understanding it was on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations, so when I got there it was no surprise the line went around the side of the building.  Even so, my sandwich, along with everyone else's, was made with meticulous, delicate precision.  I kid you not.  It took about 40 minutes.  But not 40 "i don't give a shit who's number is next" minutes...I mean 40 minutes of carefully shlacking creole sauce up and down both slabs of bread without missing a spot, making sure every bite has shrimp and oyster dressed in lettuce and pickle to meet your lips...it was really something else.  I think the word is compassion, or what people refer to down south as 'southern hospitality'.  I felt that at Domilise.  It made me shake my head, and I kicked back a second Barqs to wash it down good.I frequent New Orleans. I love it like a home away from home. The food, the ambiance, the people, the music, all my favorites. I have tried a few po' boy spots in New Orleans and this one is the best so far. The place is off cusp. The bar area is uneventful and the staff uses their bare hands. Now that I look back maybe they put a special magic dust on your sandwich with their hands, who knows. I am not one to allow people to touch my food with their bare hands but I figured if no one else has gotten sick then I should be okay. We ordered the large half and half shrimp and oyster. It was so much food my "foodiend" and I had to wrap it and take it back to the house. Now the problem with that is those golden fried shrimp and oysters taste better fresh out the grease and the lettuce is better when it is crispy. Taking it with you for tomorrow is not a prime idea. The special sauce compliments the sandwich however it could be better. The staff was nice and the location was traditional New Orleans. They even had Barq's bottled root beer and Zapp's potato chips. Love the Voodoo chips. I had a sample of the roast beef which was tender and definitely juicy. The only down is I hate they are closed on Sunday because that is the day I usually head back home. Having a po' boy for the road would definitely be optimal for my greed. When in New Orleans this is a must have.it's good, let's be honest. my shrimp po-boy was overflowing with the fried little guys, and the sauce was delicious! it was unique in that it had a spicy kick, rather than the usual mayo and ketchup. the beer was also delightfully served in a goblet (is there any other way to drink cheap beer?!). 
however, the price was a little steep. don't get me wrong, i love po-boys as much as the next person, but $10 was a little much. i thought the "po" part of the title would indicate a cheap meal! 
anyway, it's worth it, but you could do just as well for cheaper!This place gets 1 star for service and food. We being out of town came in stood in the doorway no greeting..didn't know what to do, 
we sat at one of the tables....still no one acted like we were even there. 
The fat long haired bartender texting on his phone...finally we went up to the cook and asked where do we order...we didn't feel welcomed at all...then ordered a bloody Mary the guy used his hands to pick garnishes out of the bottle...yuck... Got shrimp po boy, bread was stale, shrimp ehh...Simply the best. Better than all the rest. Oyster po-boy with Swiss and roast beef gravy and plenty of Crystal & ice-cold Abitas in fishbowl schooners.Just went in for a poboy during my lunch hour and was very displeased with their level of customer service. I walked in and was not greeted and really didn't feel welcomed. I don't know if the guy was having a bad day but still. There were no other customers so they weren't busy at all. The guy couldn't even hand me back my debit card after he swiped it! He slapped it down on the counter as though I wasn't standing right in front of him. Same thing with my food too. I kept my cool because he wasn't worth it but I won't be going back. The poboy I had wasn't that great either.So yeah parking is a drag,but if you feel the need for fried oyster/shrimp poboy...folks this is the place. We stop by every year on the way from the airport,and sometimes we even stop by on the way out of town.friendly ladies behind the counter,and serious folks eating serious food..you don't want to interrupt people eating roast beef dressed poboys,or the oysters for that matterFirst off- honestly the best french fries I've ever had in my entire life. For real. I'm not even a fry guy per se. These turned me into one for the day. Ugh they were so good. You should go just for those.
The po boys are also very tasty. They put some fun sauces on them and the bread is a little thinner so it's not like you're just eating bread (like so many po boys are). This was the best po boy I've had in my many years of eating po boys, a sandwich that is usually a dry loaf of bread with a piece of fish in it. Domilises does it right.
GO GO GO.
Also the people working there are so fun and friendly.
Go already!Big fan of DDDs and my boyfriend and I always try and check out Guys' favorite joints but this one was rather disappointing. Adorable location- definitely not in a touristy part of NOLA and felt super local although once you wait the 30 mins standing outside to get in you don't get the local feel. The place is obviously super famous now and everyone wants to check it out and try a real Po'boy but the staff is clearly annoyed. 3 out of the 4 staff members looked like they were ready to quit. I understand that it gets busy but if your business is soaring and you hike up the prices like you do then hire some other staff to do the work- and pay them to be nice to customers. The older lady that handled our sandwiches was nice but I talked to two other staff members and they would not smile let alone answer any questions. The one male staff member was even just standing there near the fryers staring off into space. Po'boy was alright. Not sure if I'd pay over $30 that I did on my roast beef and my boyfriends  shrimp Po'boys. Cute place but wouldn't recommend it.I know I am going against the tide by saying this, but ....I have had better.   I ordered the shrimp po' boy fully dressed which others think the world of, but I found it to be nothing special. The shrimp was just deep fried and covered in a sauce that was too sweet for my taste. The atmosphere was great though.  Feels like its been there forever and that is something I can appreciate.   I would go back, just wouldn't claim it is the best shrimp po' boy in the city.Worth the 15 to 18 for a large pivot. Roast beef and seafood varieties are my favorite. French bread makes the sandwich, the most pillowy inside I have ever tasted. Inside is nice and soft. Great bloody Mary's and John Daly's. Very friendly and accommodating for tourists.Best kept secret.  Large P.O. boys made to order.  This is a straight forward review.  If someone needs to describe it to any further detail, it's a waste of your time to read. It's the standard.Not worth paying $12 for rubbery shrimp that's not deveined. Bread tasted fresh and sauce was decent but I don't eat shrimp with poop in them. It was a lunch ordered at work so I didn't have a chance to ask about it beforehand. I really can't believe the price though. Subway is better!Don't be fooled by this place's appearance. It's a dive, but the oyster po boy is the best I've had so far in New Orleans.  This place may be out of the way, but it is 100% worth the trouble!One of the dishes you "have to try" on a visit to New Orleans is a Po-Boy. A Po-Boy is a sub sandwich, different from a normal sub due to the french bread that is used. All types of meats are used to make a Po-Boy, and are typically "dressed" with lettuce, tomatoes and mayo with pickles and onions being optional.
We had watched several travel/food shows on New Orleans before our visit. One of them was a Restaurant War to see who had the best Po-Boy. The winner? Domilise's. They have been on many different TV shows, thus gaining lots of popularity. We talked to the owner and some of the staff for a little while and asked them about the popularity. They weren't all that happy about it. They like the smooth calm way of living. In fact, Emeril Lagasse's Origins show will be broadcasting part 2 of his NOLA visit, 7/7/11. The staff hired 2 extra hands to help with the influx of visitors that this show (as the previous ones have) will bring.
After a nice morning touring the Garden District, we went over to Domilise's for lunch. We split a full Po-Boy with fried shrimp and catfish. The bread was spectacular and all of the dressings and seafood worked really well together, especially with some hot sauce. Though we didn't have a chance to try a Po-Boy anywhere else, this one will set the bar from here on out. It was easy to see why they were voted the best.Great food, awesome atmosphere. It is a gem off the beaten path too which will draw you to a new part of town. We ordered and oyster, shrimp and roast beef. All were great.Came here last week and the food was absolutely amazing. Great old school mom and pop shop and atmosphere. Ladies running the counter were fantastic. Guy behind the bar was a complete and total tool. Whined about having to open a beer. Read a book the whole time. Was rude to every single customer that walked up. Definitely got the vibe that he was family of the ladies and felt like he could do whatever he wanted. Ridiculed my girlfriend at one point. Just bizarre.
Go for the food. Avoid the bar.We've done some major research on the best po boys in the area. A few places have 'good' po boys, but Domilse's ARE the best. Bread: just the right combo of rise, crunch and chewy. Shrimp: sweet, coated and fried to perfection. Dressing: a little tang and just enough, no drenching it like some other places we've been. Also: love the ladies at the counter putting it all together and the beer guy knows his stuff...everyone very friendly and welcoming! We love this hole in the wall iconic spot. We will be back again and again.This hurts. I mean TRULY. The first time I went to Domilise's was about 4 years ago. I saw it on the old Travel Channel show "Food Wars." They competed against Parkway Bakery and took home the po-boy crown so I said I'd stop by on my next visit home. My Daughter and I got there, ordered our food, sat down at one of the tables and MURDERED our po-boys!!! They were perfection. Seasoned meat, fresh vegetables and most importantly for ANY po-boy, the bread was immaculate. It was one of the best po-boys I'd had in New Orleans which is saying a LOT.
Time jump to the present and Domilise's received another visit from My Daughter and I on my way home for my Grandmother's funeral (R.I.P. Poots). My Daughter and I met a homeboy of mine who was in town for his bachelor party. I wanted him to experience the same sheer bliss my Daughter and I encountered on our initial visit. BOOOOOOYYYYYYYYY, were we let down!
While Domilise's still has that same hole-in-the-wall charm, the bread was horrendous. I can't say for sure if it was just a bad loaf or not because all three of us had the same issue but I know one thing......bread-wise, that was the WORST po-boy I've had that I could remember. The bread was tough and chewy......like rubber. I couldn't believe it. I damn near wanted to shed a tear. "Not my Domilise's" I bemoaned to myself, full of discontent and unhappiness. The vegetables were still as fresh as ever and the meat was still bountiful, my shrimp overflowing out the sides of the sandwich, but the bread..........an enormous letdown. I'm not going to completely defecate on the place because my first time was extraordinary so they're batting .500 in my book. I know one thing.......the next time I stop through, that bread better be back to the beautiful butterfly it once was instead of that crummy caterpillar we witnessed.Best PoBoys in the world! I'm 31 and I've been going there my whole life. The large shrimp PoBoys dressed is the way to get it!We went to Dormilise's on a whim with my family (parents, grandmother, and husband) while in New Orleans for a wedding. We were looking (on yelp of course) for a great Po-Boy place outside of the "city." This place is a diamond in the rough! It has a great local feel to it and I LOVED that they make the po-boys in front of you at the counter. 
These were some of the best po-boys we've had in New Orleans! The service is fantastic, since they were very patient with our large group and the fact that we had never been there before. 
The po-boys were awesome! I had the shrimp po-boy, nicely cooked, and loved all the condiments. There was a TON of shrimp of mine. A lot of times I've found they don't like to put a lot of the meat/seafood on the sandwich and put more toppings instead. It was the opposite with Dormilise. LOTS of shrimp = happy customer :). Two people in group had the hot sausage, which looked awesome. I tried a little bite and it was excellent from what I could tell. Again, lots of the sausage and chili, with some toppings. The toppings definitely didn't overwhelm the sandwich. The other two in group had roast beef. Didn't try it, but, everyone was thrilled with their sandwiches. 
The only problem (not really the restaurant's fault and not really a criticism, but information for those "out-of-towners" with bigger groups), the seating wasn't really available for our large group. We ended up going back to the hotel. 
Food was awesome! Service was great! We would definitely come back here for our Po-Boy fix! My parents even said they were craving it when they returned home!This is a DIRTY, OLD, FILTHY neighborhood restaurant.  As a life long N.O. resident I cannot believe it stays open.  It's not divey, it's not a local gem, it's not cool, it's terrible.  The food is below average by an account, the set up is horrible.  For anyone giving it a good mark (star) please seek professional help and eat a good poboy in N.O.  Paper plates???No other shrimp poboy on this planet can compare to Domilese's. Consistently the best in my lifetime.Despite the 4 star rating, I'll start with a "complaint" - they need to change the name on the "large" to ginormous. I was so stuffed w/ my shrimp po-boy that I barely had capacity to bogart a bite of the wife's roast beef po-boy! But, I manned up, and scarfed a bite of that too. Long story, short - I had this place on my "to do list" for a long while, and checked it off today, and it was worth the wait. Have been to most of the high profile po-boy places in town, always order shrimp to give a better basis of comparison, and hand's down Domilise's is the best tasting I can recall. A big sandwich, for a reasonable price. And, to top it off, the beer from the tap was frosty and refreshing (yes, it was 11:30 AM, but hey, this is Nawlins and I'm on vacation, so there!).  Definitely, worth a trip from the Quarter to hit this place up.You can't come to New Orleans without having a po'boy and why not have one at one of the best sandwich shops in town? A friend of mine, who use to live in the city, told me that these are some of the best. I took her word for it and I'm so glad I did. After taking a ride down Magazine St and wandering through the Lafayette Cemetery, we came here for a late lunch. 
I had the shrimp po'boy 'fully dressed', which included fried shrimp, lettuce, hot sauce, mayo, and ketchup on fresh baked bread with fries and a glass bottle of Barq's root beer. Damn, this meal hit the spot. Just thinking about it right now, make me want another. My father got the same thing and was also a big fan. The woman who made our sandwiches was incredibly friendly and was talking to us all about the city. Definitely LA hospitality at its finest. 
Now there is a good chance that you won't be anywhere near this place if your are a tourist since it's away from all the craziness of the Quarter and can easily be missed if you are driving by and not paying attention. But I assure you there is a reason that they've been around since the 20s and are still going strong. There's a reason Anderson Cooper's picture is on the wall. And there's a reason that they are one of the best. You will just have to stop in for yourself to see what it's all about.get the special shrimp poboy with gravy and cheese.This place is awesome. I can't think of anything negative worth saying. The food, ambience, service, and people make this place my favorite po-boy restaurant in uptown. Like so many place in New Orleans, this restaurant was  unassuming from the outside, it looks like someone's home...and I think part of it is. The restaurant and bar look like they were decorated 50 years ago and nothing has changed, And it works. Highly recommended if you are looking for a great po-boy.  Way better than Mahoneys.Best shrimp po-boy on earth, without any doubt.
Perhaps it's the years and years and years of delicious grease, but the shrimp are just tastier here than anywhere else.  Period.
The schooners of draft beer are always ice cold, and cheap.  My kids love the bottled barqs.
Be prepared to wait in a long line and don't bother calling to order out.  They don't answer the phone 99.9% of the time.
I love the fact that the place hasn't changed in my lifetime, and that my kids appreciate and love it as much as I do for that reason.  Nothing compares, and although I don't live in NOLA anymore, I always go back when I am home.  Always.Came here based on a friend's recommendation. He lived here for 8 years and therefore had a local perspective. This  and Crabby Jack's were his recommendations for a good po boy.
We had the seafood half and half: shrimp and catfish. Very tasty sandwich. The baguette was soft and slightly crusty. The combination of fried seafood and sauces was balanced and savory. The place is kept in a shabby and decrepit condition to add to the atmosphere of authenticity. However the numerous awards and celebrity photos on the walls attest to the popularity of its food.
Since i was visiting New Orleans without a car, walking to this place would be difficult. But We took the 11 magazine bus from Canal st and arrived here in 20 min. 
I look forward to coming back to Domilise's on my next visit to NOLA.This is the best po-boy shop in New Orleans - totally NOT vegan but if you eat shrimp, the fried shrimp poboy here cannot be beat.  It's a real local experience, not to be missed.Nice atmosphere but the po'boys leave something to be desired.
I had the half and half seafood which is half shrimp and half oyster. I didn't think the bread was particularly good (though I hear most places in town use one of two bakeries), not enough crust compared to others. Both shrimp and oysters were  heavily breaded with little taste. Barqs in a bottle was pretty nice... With drink, my order was about $20 which is pretty expensive for being outside of the French Quarter.Very solid shrimp po'boy and great atmosphere.  I would definitely find myself back here, even if it's not my favorite po'boy in the city.Best PO-Boy in NOLA hands down.
You gotta see and eat inside the store too. Classic New Orleans uptown house converted into a legendary eatery.I honestly never understood the way the New Orleans geography was layed out, nor got accustomed to the neighborhoods and divisions. Regardless, I knew I had to head to the South part of the town to get myself one of these highly acclaimed po boys. Was it worth it? You bet.
The menu is really no frills: po boys, a meat dressing, a seafood dressing, and beers. The coolest aspect was the human-sized bags yielding really large baguettes. Perfect baguettes, I might add.
They offer an awesome (albeit, VERY expensive) half and half po boy. You have to get a large, so it runs you $17, unfortunately.... but it is so worth it. They fry up these water-bound critters perfectly. Just flawless, really. I got mine with oysters and shrimp. The shrimp are outrageously tender, and the oysters just melt in your mouth. The proportions of the ketchup, hot sauce, mayo, and the veggies are spot on.
As I mentioned before, the bread was perfect. Not a super soft, fluffy inside, but it really holds up to the filling. Additionally, the exterior provides just the right amount of crunch.
Would I offer to you Domilise as a recommendation at which to get your po boy fix in the Big Easy? Absolutely. Hands down. Yes, yes, and yes. The people that run this joint are awesome, to boot.Best damn Fried Oyster Po Boy I've ever had, and I'm from the south. The owner is a 21 year Navy Submarine veteran, and really cares about the restaurant. I would recommend anyone to come here. Badass sandwich, superb service, and great atmosphere inside the restaurant.While in New Orleans-there is always a quest to find find food the locals eat. This place is alright....but definitely rated lower on the po-boy totem pole. While the place has a nice intimate feel -the bread was a little too crispy and the shrimp po boy was very underseasoned. I dont think i would return.Great ambiance. But why would you put ketchup on an oyster po'boy? 
Overall the place is very working class but that's ok.
The staff are all characters.We usually hit Parkway when in town, but I wanted an oyster poor boy and they didn't have them. I decided to check out where Anthony Bourdain ate on his show & this place did not disappoint. The oyster poor boy was huge and absolutely delicious. I loved seeing the pictures of famous people and the ladies working were a delight.We tried the off-the-menu poboy that Anthony Bourdain reviewed---shrimp, roast beef gravy, and melted swiss cheese. It might just be the best poboy I've ever tasted. We tried Parkway's roast beef the next day, and it didn't come close to matching the one we tried at Domilise's. The atmosphere's great, the bartender's friendly, and there are some interesting old-fashioned beers on tap. I highly recommend it.Came here on a recommendation from my grandad from Memphis...so you know it's good.  
The spiel: Walk in, take a plastic number from the hook, wait for them to call you, then order.  A large order is three pieces of a sandwich.  A small is two...and that's plenty unless you're a big, hungry guy.  Order the shrimp po boy with everything and you'll be happy...don't get too fancy.  
After you order, take a seat at an open table, or even better, at the bar.  The bartender is a really nice guy and the beers are really cold and really cheap ($2 coors draft).  You'll get a good look at all the memorabilia...lots of which is signed by the Manning bros.  Old beer signs and beer cans are on the wall too.  Pretty cool.  The chips are a local fav, cheap, crispy and good...you order them from the bartender too.
I hope Domilise's never goes anywhere.  A whole in the wall that you hope no one else spoils.  Make time to check it out.OMG!!!! This is the best shrimp poboy I have had in New Orleans. This place is definitely a dive, but its a glorious dive! The pictures on the walls and the stories you'll hear from talking with other customers, show how rooted Domilise's is in New Orleans. I got here every time I have new person in town and crave a shrimp poboy every time I see an Annunciation street sign. 
PS - The place has been packed every time I have gone. I try to get there a little before or after "peak" lunch time hours. Don't forget the grab a number when you come in the door. They take your order based off that number and you will be left standing there waiting, confused, and hungry. I'm not speaking from personal experience or anything............ =)In the middle of a very nondescript, working class neighborhood, this place is not to be missed. It makes a lot of celebrity food shows as a top place for the staple here known as the po' boy (AKA a sub sandwich for those of us from the north). Based on this, I was not expecting much and was anticipating a tourist trap. So untrue. From the moment I walked in, I was treated with extreme courtesy and I was immediately taken by the handwritten menu that looked like it has weathered a few generations. As if it couldn't get any better, I spied an entire shelf of Zapp's chips ( the Voodoo flavor gives me an arrhythmia just thinking about them!) Indecisive and virginal regarding the po' boy experience, I was not quite sure what to order but I came to eat so I got the Half and Half (1/2 fried shrimp and 1/2 fried oyster) po' boy and while not cheap ($17), it was huge and worth it. I'll give a slight nod to the shrimp over the oysters but not by much. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and had a great chew that offset the airy, crusty bread. A little extra Louisiana hot sauce and that torpedo of seafood disappeared without any difficulty. Unbelievable taste and texture, this place has got to be on your short list for a NOLA local staple.Domilise's poboy shop is totally trying to steal my heart. I'd let him have it glady and never stray with another poboy shop in the city, if it weren't for but a few minor details.
First the good. I ordered my usual shrimp Poboy and it was great.  The shrimp were seasoned to perfection and plentiful. The batter was just right...not too thin, not too thick. If you order it dressed they put ketchup and Tabasco on it along with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and mayo. Hello!?! You had me at Tabasco. They don't put too much on it, just a dab. In fact,  I had to add more ketchup and a lot more Tabasco on it..but I appreciate that they already know that Tabasco and ketchup on a shrimp Po boy makes it freaking spectacular. Kudos to you Domilise's. I also love the fact that they split their poboys into three quarters instead of half.
Also love the divey and casual atmosphere here and looking at all of the New Orleans memorabilia on the walls. Speaking of New Orleans, behind the bar there's a Manning shrine. Now don't get me wrong, I'm a Saints girl all the way. But you better believe if Peyton or Eli are playing (and it's not against us) I'm rooting for my New Orleans boys. And who doesn't love Archie Manning? 
Now for the not so good. It's very small in here. There are only 5 four top tables. There's seating at the bar, but probably no more than ten barstools. I can imagine it gets very crowded. 
The other thing? It ain't cheap. A whole shrimp poboy was $15. Come again? You heard right. $15! That's outrageous. I mean that Shrimp poboy was good but it wasn't THAT good. Like my friend pointed out, that's just a few dollars less than the three course price fixe menu for lunch at many of our upscale restaurants here in New Orleans.
Sigh. So while I have found one of the best shrimp poboys in New Orleans, it would put a serious dent in my wallet to eat here as often as I now want to. *sob*
The search continues for the perfect shrimp poboy at the perfect price. Stay tuned friends.Had a shrimp po boy it was excellent. The bread and toppings really make it. Will go back next time I'm in town.If I ever somehow find myself on death row, for my last meal I will request a half and half (shrimp and oyster) Poboy PLUS a smoked sausage Poboy and a couple cold beers from Domilise's.  I will die disgustingly full and happy with sloppy mustard sauce all over my hands and face... My only regret will be missing one last trip to Domilise's in person for the amazing atmosphere that just drips New Orleans neighborhood joint.Is it being dramatic if I say this was the best sandwich I've ever eaten in my life?! Probably. But I promise it was. 
This unassuming, hole in the wall sandwich spot seemed a little sketchy at first but don't judge a book by its cover. When we walked in, there were a couple people in line but nothing too crazy. Our group of 5 ordered two Roast Beef Po'boys fully dressed, and two orders of fries with debris gravy. We split it all and just about kicked the plates clean. 
This was the first time I had a Po'boy that wasn't shrimp, oysters, etc. so I was skeptical. But the bread was amazingly soft yet crusty, and the roast beef/debris combination was unreal. I cannot recommend this enough!! Go outside of your comfort zone!!!!
Other things that Really contributed to the experience. 
Quick Food: There is very limited seating so getting food quickly helps with keeping people moving along. 
Great Beers: Had an Abita Amber Ale on tap that paired perfectly with the food. They actually had a decent choice of beers considering I expected none. 
Hand Washing Station: So hear me out. Ever been to a place that had messy food and there was only one bathroom and it seemed to always be occupied? It's the worst and you leave feeling gross. I loooooove that there was a sink anyone could just walk up to and wash their hands. Seems silly, I know.. until you're covered in delicious debris gravy and aren't sure if it's socially acceptable to lick your fingers and hands in front of a room of strangers. 
For the price, speedy service, THE AMAZING FOOD, you cannot go wrong here. So happy with our experience!So good! The fried shrimp poboy was amazing. Next time I'm getting the roast beef after I stole a bite of a friend's sandwich. They are fast and getting a table there you better be also. Ninja style. Try yours with a Dixie beer. They even sell koozies.While we are fans, we haven't been there since the remodel. Hope they are offering fries now. But the service is friendly and the place is clean. A good neighborhood place to go.What a hidden gem , when we got dropped off I have to say I was nervous however we opened the door it was packed, truly a unique experience and the sandwiches were amazing and the ladies that make it happen are just as awesome, definitely a must....As planned my first destination on this New Orleans visit was the infamous Domilise's Po'Boy shop on Annunciation. With a few hours to kill before picking up the rest of the family, I had already planned a Saturday afternoon feast on a Po'Boy. My first impression from outside was "Neighborhood Treasure". I managed to squeeze into a stool at the bar, the place was packed when I arrived but did empty out little before I left. In a few minutes my number was called and I placed my order for a large hot sausage Po'Boy, dressed. I declined the chili sauce that was offered but they did conveniently send some along on the side. I found the chili sauce interesting but did prefer my Po'Boy without. A sign behind the counter noted that french fries were now available so I gave them a shot. I typically don't like curly fries but these were very nice, would certainly recommend ordering them. As expected the hot sausage Po'Boy was one of the best I've ever had, they cut the large sandwich into three, I managed to eat two. The lady behind the counter enthusiastically wrapped my leftover sandwich for me. The staff was wonderful, you can tell that they take great care into what they do. Had a nice conversation with Paul the bartender who mixed up a very nice Bloody Mary. Nothing fancy, some Zing Zang mix with some pickled beans and peppers. A great value at $5,  I had intended to order the bottled Barq's root beer that I had heard so much about but a Bloody Mary sounded so good that I couldn't resist. Did ultimately have a bottled Barq's at Parkway a few days later and there is something special about Barq's in a bottle. As mentioned above Domilise's is an obvious "Neighborhood Treasure" and a must stop for anyone craving a fantastic Po'Boy.I'll pay it.  Hard work, and home made...that's how we like it.  I also like knowing that those hard working local people get paid well!  This is the best  damn po boy.  I tried to get the off the menu special, but unless they know ya...your not getting it.  Which I kinda actually liked.  Stick with your peeps....I see that.  Hell I don't care I support it!  The fried shrimp was out of this world.  Greasy hangover heaven.  MMMMMM.I went to Domilise while visiting New Orleans and was taken here by a local for the best Po Boys in the city.  He was absolutely right.  The food was delicious.  They have pictures of many famous people and celebrities that have visited Domilise for the Po Boys.  The large sandwich comes with three halves lol, its honestly 150% of a sandwich.  
If I ever return to New Orleans, I will definitely go back to Domilise.  Probably more than once.On my tour of classic NOLA spots during a house-hunting visit (we're moving, not flipping) I kept coming up disappointed. Fo' real.
Not here.
Not many places like this left I suspect. Staff who have worked there forever. Beer-joint decor. But what comes out of that kitchen? You'll want it.
Sat at the bar and chatted with who might have been Mrs. Domiise. Man I had fun. 
You can't get a cheap po' boy in this town as far as I can tell. Maybe after we've lived here a while we'll get the inside scoop, but prices are about what you'll pay in the Quarter.I got a fried shrimp poboy dressed. It was FABULOUS!!!!! Loved the breading on the shrimp, the fresh french bread and the lettuce/tomatoes!!! Also got fries and they were great too! The staff was  just the best!!! It was my first time there. I had found it by accident. The lady helping me was very, very friendly!!  It was near closing time. She took time to chat with me and even tell me a couple of stories about the place.  Hope to go back soon!$18 for a large oyster/shrimp po boy.  It was good, and fairly large, but I was shocked by the price.  It was not so good that I would go again.Although I grew up in NOLA, I have not been able to appreciate the "best" of Poboys. I saw reviews of Domilise and could not wait to try this classic hot spot. 
I don't get it. I don't care which Manning loves it. I can't remember being more disappointed. Forget that the place is a hole in the wall, a lot of good places are, but this sandwich was just not worth the hype or the wait. There are much better options with better experiences. I look forward to my next trip back to NOLA and the next "best poboy," it will not be Domilise.The best oyster poboy you can get anywhere.  In any shop.  In any town.
Should you care that the small is $13?  No.  It is chock-o-block full of giant oysters of the amazing variety.  Perfectly seasoned.  I kept meaning to peek in my poboy to verify, but i think the pickles were fried, too.  I snuck a peek, but I was a bit dizzy with the sandwich perfection, so my eyes may have been playing tricks on me.
While waiting for my number to be called (when you walk in, grab a number just before the register - they're on a peg on the counter), I watched the three behind the counter (read: well-oiled machine) fry oysters and shrimp, roast the beef, and assemble the po-boys.  They moved like a ballet back there, although, again, my memory may be a bit influenced by the euphoria of finding, then eating the best oyster poboy of my life.Why did I think that was a good place? The shrimp po-boy might have been one of the worst I've ever had. The shrimp was overcooked, rock hard, the batter had NO flavor and that was not even the worst part. I don't think the place has been cleaned since 1988 and the smell. How many showers it is gonna take to get that old, dirty, nasty, stale oil smell off of me. And how am I going to get it off my purse and my shoes? I only had the shrimp. Was not sure what I was going to get when I got there. While waiting in line, I saw them making their poor excuse of a roast beef and I knew that was not going to be it. A few measly pieces of some dried up pre-sliced, sitting around in tinfoil, gray beef that they spooned some Campbell's looking brown gravy over. Oh no! Anyway, I am totally bummed because it is in my hood, I had been to this place once before and remembered it being better, the food part anyway, the smell and cleanliness has not changed.My second po boy ever and my family's hundredth...both say it was the best we've ever had. Best hole in the wall shop in the warehouse district, beautiful history and great people.With so much history and hype surrounding this place, I was super excited to try Domilise's po-boys for the first time. And I feel bad saying this, but I think that's all it is - history and hype. I think Domilise's is a charming place. It's very casual. You order at the bar and you sit down. Soak in the atmosphere. But the food is underwhelming. The bread was ... bread. I think they use Leidenheimer, which I usually like so I'm not sure what happened this day. It didn't seem particularly fresh, but it wasn't stale either. The batter on the shrimp was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The dressing was sad. The po-boy itself is on the small side. Not that I need giant sized portions, but I didn't think it was worth the price. Many locals will say this is the best po-boy in town, but I believe Domilise's is a victim of nostalgia. I think the place has an awesome story and history, but that's where it ends. Go for the divey environment. Go for the history. But don't expect the food to stand out.Not to fancy and in a interesting residential neighborhood but great sandwiches. Many choices of meat or fish. Very comfortable and relaxed. Great New Orleans Po-Boy sandwich at a reasonable price. I would recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood.Serendipity brought my family and me to this restaurant. For the tourists who like to find a place "off the beaten path," this is the place for you. As a Gulf Coast native, the shrimp poboy wasn't a disappointment.  My sister and mom, both oyster lovers, were also impressed with their oyster poboys. Definitely a place to go. The sandwiches may seem pricey, but the sandwiches are huge and very tasty. The restaurant continues to uphold its reputation as a good family business who treat its customers--regulars and tourists alike--like family.A must do when in New Orleans. They have the best po'boy in the city and the people working there couldn't be nicer. The prices may seem high but their large sandwich is easily a foot long and is more than enough food for two people. The sausage po'boy was excellent and the toppings they put on there are delicious!What can be said about this place?  Authentic. Down to earth. Best Po-Boys in town. Nothing fancy. Off the beaten path.
All of that, and more, make it an absolute must  for a truly unique yet typical New Orleans experience with great standout food.
Just a hole in the wall storefront on the corner of a residential neighborhood Uptown this has been the go to place for exceptional sandwiches for dock workers and socialites alike.  You might bump into anyone here.
I've had many Po-Boys and they never stop the  craving for another. My favorite has always been an oyster, but a shrimp is equally good
Shrimp was the last one I had and as usual the crisp crusted French roll is fresh and stuffed with shrimp, lettuce and the best sauces ever.
They are BIG so be prepared for a stomach full if you have a large one.
My only criticism is that the sauce can be a bit spicier, but hey that's why there's hot sauce everywhere on the tables!
Enjoy.The two TV foodie personalities I trust the most, Anthony Bourdain and Adam Richman both led me here. This place is supposed to be the best shrimp po boy (or maybe any po boy for that matter) in New Orleans. Which would pretty much make it the best po boy in the entire world.
Though I haven't had as many as most folks I think Domilise's lives up to the hype. It is the perfect shrimp po boy. The dressings go together perfectly and that bread! Holy shit that bread that you can only get in New Orleans because of the humidity there. The bread MAKES this thing! Crispy on the outside and sooo soft on the inside! Everything combines to explode with flavor.
I love the neighborhood feel of the place. Just a little shack with a few tables and a bar. The employees were very friendly. The lady serving up the finished po boys at the counter was really fun to talk to. My father mentioned how I was taking him to all the best spots of New Orleans and she asked if I could take her. I laughed and told her "you work at one of the best! I'm jealous." Very friendly service. 
I eat a lot while I'm in NoLa and this was one of the best experiences I've had. You just can't beat that damn sandwich!Damnit. I feel like I picked a lot of the "wrong choices" during our culinary tour of New Orleans. The catfish po' boy sounded so good but, alas, I shouldn't have gotten the fish. There was one thin piece of fried fish on each side of the bread ($11.5 small). That was it. Whereas the rest of the sandwiches were OVERFLOWING with protein. If two or three of those bad boys were on each half of my small catfish sandwich, I would have been in heaven. The bread was perfectly flaky and the mayo and lettuce weren't overbearing. They have hot sauce at the table so you can pour it on bite by bite. 
Justin got the large half-n-half (oysters and shrimp; $18 large) and oddly, it wasn't mixed. It was literally shrimp on one side and oysters on the other. I don't like oysters but the shrimp side was sooooo good. I should have gotten shrimp. There were so many shrimp on it that they couldn't be contained and were falling out of the sandwich. We also got the debris fries ($5) -- potato wedges with roast beef. 
Prices are ok considering how much meat you get (except for the fish) so definitely worth it. And there was a military discount -- they said 20 percent but 10 percent was taken off so not quite sure how much the discount was supposed to be. The best part of this hole-in-the-wall place is that they fry everything to order. Your sandwich is guaranteed to be fresh.Domilise's is my favorite po-boy sandwich restaurant in New Orleans and I try to stop by for the Surf & Turf every time I am in town.  I was the first customer there yesterday at 10am and the sandwich was as delicious as ever and the folks working there were very friendly.  Highly recommended and I can't wait to go back!I don't get the fuss about this shop. Prices were high and quality was down. Roast beef was dry and tough, would not get that choice again. Went at 1pm for take out and every seat in the building was taken, maybe we just hit it on an off day.One of the best local po boy shops in the city. It's nestled in an uptown neighborhood so it's a locals joint. There is limited seating and space,but I assure you it's worth the wait. The po boys are packed with whatever protein you choose. Grab a Barq's and wait a while!I so wanted to enjoy this place after all the hype but just couldn't. 
It is in an old house, there is only a limited amount of street parking and the inside was a dive crowded with tables & chairs in a small space. You have to order the sandwich at one counter and order your drink at another. 
After the hassle just to get in, ordered, and seated I was looking forward to it being the best poboy ever. Sadly it was nothing special. It was good but not better than Walk-Ons or Acme which also have a more comfortable seating, atmosphere, and table service. 
Try it for yourself but I just like places that are the full package.Still haven't had a better oyster po'boy anywhere else! This place is by far my favorite place for a po'boy.