Best pate chaud hands down!
The food in the restaurant is decent, but nothing special.  The rave is all about their bakery.  Their banh mi are good, but I usually come here for one thing and that's their pate chaud which is pretty much an asian meat pie.  I've tried pate chaud from Houston, TX to San Jose, CA and I still can't find a place that has pate chaud better than dong phuong.I was completely taken aback to see a banh mì sandwich place on the far outskirts of New Orleans.   I had not known of the restaurant, and encountered it strictly by accident.  But clearly it is a historic pillar of the surrounding community, culture and cuisine.  
The restaurant sits on the side of a rural road, in a startling large building, set off on its own ample lot.  Inside is a bakery with breads, a large variety of hot buns, a banh mì station, and other sundry items for order to go.  Attached is a full Vietnamese restaurant.  I did not order from there, but they were polite enough to allow me to bring my sandwich and bun over.  
I tried the toasted shrimp patty and a pork and jicama bun.  Both were good.  The veggies were terrific and the shrimp patty flavorful.  The bun was tasty, but I wish i was able to heat it just a bit.  I am not sure the sandwich or bun were truly top notch, but together with ambience and community, this is a real experience to savorbeen here a few times and haven't been wowed yet. I ordered the pork chops over rice. Fatty, thin cuts of pork. Next time, I'll order a Pho.I have never been in the restaurant itself, but have eaten many a sandwich in the parking lot. The scenery is dreary, but the #14 Viet sausage bahn mi sure makes up for it.  It is a lovely Viet sausage split upon a bun with their special sauce and julienned cucumbers, carrots and peppers, topped with fresh sprigs of cilantro.  Once I had one where the pepper was so hot, I thought I had ruined my taste buds for life! (good times, good times).   The small French style breads are freshly made every hour or so, and are a real bargain ...worth the trip.   They freeze well. Add to this a variety of familiar and exotic baked goods, all tasty, and you have Dong Phuong.   Try the bright green pandan cake with the whipped iceing and fresh pineapple filling...you'll never miss McKenzie's again.   They also make cakes for special occasions and have a large variety of "jelly roll" style cakes, all excellent.  If the Durian cake (A type of Newton) is available...try it-you may just like it.   Nice folks.I've lived in New Orleans for 15 years, and this entire time I've considered New Orleans East a "drive through" place--nothing to see or do, just a place you drive through on the way to somewhere else. Man, was I WRONG. 
Still haven't had their king cake, but they serve up the trifecta of awesome Vietnamese food--great pho and goi cuon to eat while you're there, and get a bag of Bahn Mi to go. That right. A BAG. Stuff those babies in the fridge...King cake is amazing. Flakey but not dry. Like a cinnamon croissant. The cream cheese frosting on top sets it apart from others. A must try during carnival.The craving for pho can be intense. That's why while sloughing through the workday, I ended up here for a repast from the weary world. The dimly lit restaurant was just the thing. Their large menu isn't intimidating and the quick, friendly service was at the ready to offer assistance. I loved I could have cellophane noodles in my pho, which is how the dish was first introduced to me. 
There's options while you're waiting for your meal: staring blankly at CNN Headline News on the flastscreen TV or watch the interactions going on in the bakery, which is connected to the restaurant. 
The pho I ordered was all seafood and delicious; loved the shrimp was added to the piping hot broth so they weren't over-cooked. The broth was both light & complex. I left sated and wondering how I could work a quick trip again soon.My goodness. This pho is heaven . Pho is 4.8/5
I tasted the broth and it reminded me of my family's favorite  #1 pho in San Diego. Pho connoisseur can just taste the broth and know what a good bowl consists of. Here everything is perfect in its proportion.
It is an awesome bowl in all aspects. If you are a local definitely try this great bowl of pho. I'm glad I found you Pho at Dong Phuong. Until we meet again. 
I also bought cold cuts banh mi to go. Stay tuned .....
So a day later... 
Starting from San Antonio to New Orleans and heading home to Maine.
The banh mi a day later is still good.
The bread is soft with good filling. Overall it is a great tasting sandwich. I did ask the veggies on the side and put it together when ready to eat so the veggies will not sog the bread.
Overall a great restaurant. This restaurant / bakery mail the goodies to Maine as well. 
Found this place from my local Asian market on Forest Ave.
Will definitely come back when in NOLA!Post-Katrina:  Not the same as it used to be....
I'm all for the reopening of any business in N.O. East.  However, when I came to this bakery with all great memories and anticipation of DELICIOSITY (haha)...I was severely disappointed.
The French bread is still good, but not as great as it used to be.  The steamed banana cake is NOTHING like it was pre-Katrina.  It's gooey and has no banana flavourings...just the dark green food colouring and sugar.  Blech!  
Their banh mi sandwiches are still okay..nothng to write home about.
Rumour has it that the previous owner had passed away and with him, all the recipes as well.  
Credit cards are taken with minimum purchase of $15 or $20.I have eaten lunch twice at Dong Phuong. On both visits the food was excellant. 
First visit I had a soup with braised duck and noodles. I was not sure how to eat the soup but watched the other customers who are mostly Asian and seem to know what they are doing and followed their lead. I added basil, cilantro, lime, and sprouts. I liked all the garnishes except the bean sprouts which only seemed to detract from the flavorful soup. The duck was a large leg and thigh on the bone. What I liked most was that the broth contained spices not usually found in American foods - allspice and cardamom ?
Second visit I had pho with lean beef. It contained a lot of beef sliced to small thin pieces that I could eat out of the broth with chop sticks or place on the spoon. Rice noodles were good and plentiful and all that was left when I was finished. Again the broth was excelant and contained spices that are foreign to my tongue.
The service and inability of the server to communicate with the non-vietnamese customer is the only reason I do not give this restaurant 5 stars. On both visits when we seated ourselves the choices were limited because so many of the empty tables were not bussed. This seems to be a problem there. Not sure why. The server is attentive to take drink and food orders but after that there was no more service. No ice tea refills. We waited for our check a long time and then were told to go pay the cashier whereas last visit a bill was delivered to the table. When you pay at the cashier, know your table number.
I don't mind getting acquainted with their style of service and adjusting to it. The food is so good they can get away with minimal service.It's rare that I find myself in New Orleans East. However, every time I'm out there, without fail, I visit Dong Phuong. The banh mi is fantastic and cheap. Taking home some bread is always a treat. Really, all of their pastries are amazing, whether you go for sweet or savory.Made the trek for lunch to buy a king cake from the bakery. Two flavors were available - cream cheese and plain (marked 'other'). I bought the plain and had a king cake party for the family to sample the king cake. Only one size is available for $12. I was able to cut it into 14 slices.
The cake had cinnamon swirled in it and was topped with both a white sugar glaze and colored granulated sugar. A baby came with the cake for the customer to insert or not.
Everyone thought the king cake was excellant - one of the best. It was very good for this style of king cake. I prefer more of a brioche style king cake with less sugar, no glaze, and no cinnamon. I was hoping for something more 'bahn mi' and bready. Good nonetheless.The holy grail of Vietnamese baked goods and bah mi sandwiches. Pick from 10 different varieties of bah mi from French meats to vegetarian. Make sure you grab some savory pastries too, they are unreal. I dream of Dong Phuong .Cashier girl in the bakery was really rude. Bakery is overcrowded with no room to walk. Can't buy some bread without someone stepping one me.Well what a mistake when I am on a "eat less carb" diet. The pastries look and taste very good. OMG the French bread was wonderful which makes the sandwiches excellent. The meat pies or empanadas were awesome! The waitress was very sweet. I ordered the Korean ribs and the portion was slightly small. The plate came with a lot of rice. I will return to the bakery on my splurge day!Soo nice to have the comforts of Vietnamese cooking so quick n easy n soo good too! Just had a Banh Mi Dac biet n bought some taro dumplings, haven't had taro dumplings that good since my last trip to Saigon!This place had yummy bread. The banh mi was just okay. We wished that the veggies were more pickled and the sandwich a bit more spicy. Overall not bad but nothing to write home about. An easy place to stop as detour on the drive back from a swamp tour.OMG! was so happy to find my Vietnamese hoagies away from home! The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!! I miss you my Nola East bang mi's! It kept my tummy happy when I was there!! I like watching the lady make the sandwich, too! It is like a factory assembling sandwich ready to enter my tummy.... And then open wide: CRUNCH! Ahhhh... Satisfied!This restaurant deserves high praise for its delicious food (both Vietnamese and Chinese), as well as its prices. It just doesn't get any better than this!This place really hits the spot. Its cheap and fast! They have the best Vietnamese poboys. It literally makes you wanna eat more than one. The meat pies/steamed buns come in different types of meat like combination, chicken, BBQ pork or regular pork. Its great to have for a snack or on the road types of deal. They have a wide selection of pastries. The banana cake with coconut dipping sauce is delicious (usually on the counter)!
The restaurant is connected bakery and it is just as good with a wide range of Vietnamese food to choose from.It was good, busy down right to business , 
Kinda of in the hood, just like Vietnam where the best food is in the ghetto.I love Dong Phuong. Large portions, cheap prices, full in flavor! The menu is extensive. They have everything you would want in viet cuisine. I wish they would open later then 4pm but the food makes up for it. Overall, it's a MUST TRY!Love this place! I give it two Vietnamese thumbs up. It's kinda off the grid, but it sure beats eating mediocre overpriced "Vietnamese" food in the city. Service isn't that great as they've usually got one or two servers working the whole restaurant, but the delicious food more than makes up for it. Plus the food is super cheap and doesn't take long at all to prepare, so ain't no reason to complain. There's a reason this place is always packed--it's the best Vietnamese joint in the city!i disclaim that i have not made it to the restaurant, and this short review is but a simple rave about their bread.
It is a hard thing to make great french bread as New Orleanians crave it, it is much harder, nay impossible, to somehow IMPROVE upon the very memory that the faintest whiff of such a wonderful product summons.  But indeed that Vietnamese prowess has done so, somehow, mystery of mysteries, and have by far far far altered the very history of the bread, and perhaps in time- the very fabric of the reality created when we utter the words "po' boy."
In the past, ive been such a snob to turn my nose up at clearly day old bread or even such second-tier (but quality, mind you, i'm not dissing anyone) bakeries.  There was once only one proper source for the real deal, the flaky crispy chewy perfection vessel for dressings and meats fried and shaved (hold my pickles, usually, unless there's butter involved then i'll just pick them off), and though i will resist naming that gloriously famous and Classical (with and intended-capital Classic) competitor, we all know who they are (god bless them) and if you don't open another window and google Po Boy to figure it out.  But now...  NOW: sometimes i can catch a whiff of this glorious bread from chef mentaur just on a streetcorner and not only does my gullet and soul smile and scream there's a new player in town, but I'll stand in awe and wonder for a moment, watching culinary (if niche) history dance sparkling in the air as if i can see it.
It took five times.  Five times i bit into a sandwich and my nose flared, by heart beat faster and i proceded to pick up my meal and rub it beneath my sensory array, stare deep into the pull apart crispness and faint dust of its exterior, pull apart scraps of baked carbohydrate and nibble at them like manna.  I usually, in fact, verifiably, combine both innard parts of my sandwich and eat only half the rest of the bread unless the gravy demands it.  I pull the tops off hamburgers.
But this bread, from this bakery.  i eat it all.  i bow to these skills.  I dream of a city where somehow, some way everybody else is innovating simply and enriching the very culture they are part of.Best rice plates in town!  It's our 15th time here and food are just good. I came here with my sister this time and we both ordered the pork chop rice plate. The pork chop was perfectly marinated and tender.
This place is always busy but our server was nice and quick. When we were paying our check, the cashier was very nice and asked if everything was doing ok.
Also, check out the bakery next door too. They have the best French bread there, which mean they also have the best Banh Mi (Vietnamese poboy)!
So even though it's kinda out of the way, we still come by every once a while!  It's worthy!I eat at this place EVERY SUNDAY after church with my family. I actually look forward to it because i just love to eat the clear noodle soup and the rice dishes. The service is ok considering that there are times i get the drinks after the entrees which i don't blame them because they are busy. One thing i wouldn't get is there pho, it never seem to satisfy me. Overall, i look forward to eating here every sunday.Best king cake in the entire city. Get the cream cheese filled. I promise you won't be able to stop eating it.My latest favorite king cake. Grew up on Randazzo's king cakes which are by far the best, but tried dong phuong's cinnamon king cake last year and I am now obsessed. They offer several locations to purchase their king cake in nola and are reasonably priced. When comparing king cakes it's difficult because they are prepared quite differently and offer their own unique flavor. Dong Phuong by far has the most unique flavor I've had thus far and can't wait to get my next one (got the baby).  Happy Mardi Gras!This place has been around for as long as I could remember, and I'm glad its still standing. I still consider this one of the best places to get thit nuong. That's about the only thing I love here at the restaurant. Another thing I've had here was the hu tieu ap Chao. It isn't amazing, but its pretty good if you are in the mood for that kind of thing. 
For the bakery, I LOVE their banh pâté chaud. I also love their banh mi nem nuong and banana cake with coconut milk.I can eat everything in the bakery and then go back for seconds. I love this place and have been eating here since I was a child. Every Sunday after church we would head over to the bakery for some banh mi and pa te so (flaky biscuit stuffed with pork and other fillings). The bread here pretty much melts in your mouth and you can't eat just one. Even eating it plain without any meats or veggies is delicious.
It's a must try! You won't regret it!Bahn mi is my go to here.  Never fails to satisfy and the price is right coming in at $3.25.  The bread makes the sandwich, I'm not sure what kind of meat is on the cold cut, but it's delicious every time!  There is always a short line but it moves quickly and your on your way to bahn mi bliss.  They do have a menu for other stuff, I think they serve Pho.. I've never actually sat down and ordered, but did make a point to drop in any time I'm in East NOLA.  Go there you won't be disappointed!This place is a diamond in the dirt. Hands down the best Vietnamese I have had in the south eastern region from Texas all the way to South Carolina. The Vietnamese traditional sandwich Bahn Mi is freaking Amazing!! Next to them they make their own bread So the sandwiches are freshly made daily.So I went here recently for there king cakes, well my grandmother dragged me with her because she had to have one. Disclaimer: I don't like king cake,  i mean I'm born and raised here and I've never cared for them,  ever.  But i wanted to go to see what other items they had.  I wasn't disappointed.  
First,  the kingcake was amazing!! Everything I thought a kingcake should be but no one was able to accomplish.  We were lucky enough to get there and get a fresh baked one,  with cream cheese filling.  It was warm! Got home and it was divine.  It was light, Flakey, and not too sweet. The filling was good as well,  but i dropped a star only because the filling wasn't evenly distributed.  
I also bought fresh bread,  and some meat pies. Everything was great.  I love Vietnamese food so i will definitely will be back,  just for the other treats and try their restaurant.  So glad my grandmother dragged me here. It's a gem in New Orleans East.I've only tried the bakery. I love this place. recommend the pork buns and the banh mi's with pate and chargrilled pork. can't wait to try them for lunch one day.
banh mi's will run you about $3 and they are by far THE BEST in town. and huge and so good. worth the 20 minute drive from uptown. 
pick up some bread while you are out there. we bought ours 3 weeks ago, put it in the fridge and it's still good and soft after putting it in the oven.Everything, especially the delicious banh mi, is so cheap! Wonderful sweet-savory baked goods that will surprise your taste buds. They even have a sit-down restaurant that has a tasty, pretty cheap menu. Totally worth every penny!Don't listen to Dianna down below. Can't trust someone who orders 3 different types of soup in one day just to blow her taste buds. The food is good, not amazing like how every Yelp member describe every place they eat, and it's inexpensive. Yes they have the best banh mi in New Orleans but also the Vietnamese food is straight. Either pay 8 dollars for a plate of porkchops with rice or 10-15 dollars for the same thing at another Vietnamese restaurant.Love the noodle bowls, bahn mi and pho. Don't forget to pick up some baked goodies and some bahn mi to go on your way out. Buy 10 get one free!OH MY HECK!
Showed up for the Bakery (that was closed!!) and stayed for lunch. Almost 2 o'clock and locals still streaming in. Stir Fry and Phō with pork- AMAZING. Fresh, flavorful, fast. Fresh herbs and veg, broccoli and shrimp were cooked to perfection. A bit out of our way, but worth every minute. Cannot wait to get back here. The meat pies in the bakery were incredible and absolutely need some more!!Best king cake and delicious pastries and always so fresh. Authentic Vietnamese and friendly staffSkip the sit-down restaurant, go to the bakery and sandwich bar in the back. Amazing! Worth a trip to the East!The baked goods are very fresh and buttery but I got these meat filled pastries that were absolutely delicious.  The green puffy thing had very moist mixed ground meat with beef, chicken and pork I believe, a slice of egg and some red sausage type meat enclosed in a soft airy like pastry puff.  The meat pies had the same type of meat enveloped within a sweet buttery crust.  I got two of them: one with chicken only and one with the sausage.   The quality of the baked goods are evident with one bite into them. They make fresh baked French bread about 9" and sell it relatively inexpensive. As I was getting the green puffs, I saw two miniatures pies, one apple and one lemon custard and I could've sworn that lemon custard was calling my name.  Needless to say, I got it but haven't tried it yet. It's looks very good and rich. Fortunately for me, I'm not a huge pastry eater or I'd hit this place up daily. As a first timer, I think I'd indulge from time to time.  I'd liked to have ordered a king cake from here because I heard they were great but they're not sold after Lundi Gras. Antoine's sells king and queen cakes year round with an advance order and most of these local bakeries should follow suit hence the four stars.  Overall, I'm still impressed and will be returning for the lunch menu options.Today, I stopped by my favorite bakery to get a few festive King Cakes to bring back to CA tomorrow for friends and families. I noticed the long line earlier this morning so I returned back around 10:00 am no line, but sold out King Cakes. The girl at the register said I have to come back tomorrow morning. She also said they will not make any more today.  An elderly lady came out with 2 pecan king cakes but it was not what i wanted so I said no thank you. Wow,  I thought there was no king cake. I paid for my pastries with an elderly lady.  She was super nice and told me they will have more King Cakes around noon.  She said I should come back at 12:00 and wait in line outside.  The cake should be ready at 12:30.  
As informed, I returned 11:50 am so I can be there early. It was packed inside.  Lucky I saw the same older lady. I checked with her if I need to wait outside since I am a bit early. She was apologetic and sorry. She said tickets number was given to customers for all the King Cakes. What tickets? I was there only couple hours ago no tickets mentioned or given. She said go to the register and get a ticket for the next batch of King Cakes tonight.  Approaching the younger girl again from this morning, I  requested for a ticket. She said, "we do not make King Cakes at night.  Come back tomorrow". If she informed me wrong the first time, what are the chances she is wrong again.  It only takes less than one minute to check with the baker if more King Cake will be made later. Her customer service needs a little adjustment. 
On my next trip returning back to NOLA, if this young girl still work here I will definitely not return.  I have a niece that also confirmed with me she had bad experiences with this same employee. I've been eating here since I was little before moving to CA. I bragged about this place to all my friends how this is my favorite location. Never had such bad services like today.A very good place with great affordable food. Ordered grilled pork and soursop smoothie and it was very good... I give it a 2 thumbs upAmazing food, casual atmosphere, good service. Make sure to hit the bakery & get french bread & a handful of great pastries!First time trying a Bah Mi sandwich (veggie), no regrets. This place is only 5 mins from my home. This spot may be my new $3.00 guilty pleasure. The bakery has so much to offer. Get the bread, trust me.My favorite place to get pho and bo luc lac (sautéed beef cubes). Really hard working family business! Love themRestaurant food is ok, but the highlight is their bakery. If they expanded their bakery, I think it would be better. Faves from the bakery are the bread, coconut macaroons, and praline tarts.Haven't eaten in the restaurant only at the bakery. The bakery items are a delicious treat. Cant find anything like it at a traditional bakery. Prices are very reasonable. They also sell Vietnamese sandwhiches made to order in the bakery. They are really good and inexpensive.Their Bánh mì is one of the best sandwiches I've had in over a decade. Fantastic and worth the drive. Also had a decent pho.
My recommendation: go for the pho and have a sit down lunch meal (house made lemonade was good).
On your way out, grab the Bánh mì from the next door bakery. Take it home and let it sit in the fridge for an afternoon. Enjoy for dinner.Delicious Bahn Mi.  And at $3 a pop, probably one of the most affordable meals you can find.
While you're there, take home something from the bakery.I can sit here and type a novel about this place, IT IS AMAZING.
Often busy and crowded, but I can't blame them; how can people resist this place? I love their sandwiches and Mi Kho. Last time I went however, the place was closed due to remodeling; which is must needed anyway. Can not wait to come here again and see how the new place turns out!This was my first time going to this restaurant and bakery and man I was impressed. The food was excellent and the poboys they serve are fantastic. I will be back.I grew up on the Dong Phoung bread! We used to source them to make banh mi of our own. The outside has a nice crunchy crust and it is super moist on the inside. 
Have you had a batch out straight from the oven? O MG ... you would want to wait for them to bring them from the back and just break into a few loafs and find bakery heaven!
After they are done in the oven, the bakery chefs spray the outside with a buttery coat to give it a nice glaze. 
The restaurant itself shines in its own way, but I will reserve comment only on the bakery. You can find all kinds of yummy delectables that will take you back to your childhood. Just like how grandma used to make it!
The butter and pate that is used to make the banh mi is yum yumm...Best bowl of bun bo hue in a really long time. Plentiful big bowl of meat, noodles and soup. Sandwich was mediocre I didn't like the baguette they used but the meat and pate was good. Banh mi has to be done with the perfect toasted baguette or else it fails. Their meat pastries were also very delicious. Only other bad part was it was about a $40 cab ride each way from the French Quarters. Next time I visit I'll make sure to rent a car and definitely eat at this spot more than once!They have the best Banh mi in town. I love their pastries too. Too bad its far from my home. If only I live closer, then I'll try every pastry they have. LOLThe best Vietnamese bakery in the greater New Orleans area.  I love, love, love the durian cake and banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) here, with an emphasis on "love."  Their banh mi sandwiches are made with the perfect chewy french bread and are slathered generously with goopy mayonnaise.  With your banh mi order, Dong Phoung also provides you with a styrofoam container stuffed amply with cilantro, pickled carrot and daikon slaw, and cucumber wedges so you can fill your sandwich with the requisite banh mi veggies to your heart's delight.  But be forewarned: the bakery line is long and unforgiving, and be expected to be jostled about by other pushy customers.There are many good places to get Vietnamese food out in New Orleans East, but Dong Phuong is one of the best.  The food is delicious, the servers are friendly, and the smell of the bakery always puts me in a mood to enjoy a good meal.  
This place is generally pretty crowded, which is always a good sign.  Prices are reasonable and there is a variety of authentic Vietnamese dishes to choose from.  Pho is always a quick option, as other dishes may take longer to prepare.  Everything is pretty good though.
Also, one time I came in here and saw the most stunningly beautiful Vietnamese girl I've seen, maybe ever.  I never got her name.  But I will definitely come back here whenever I can to try and run into her again.The bakery has awesome pate chaud( French stuffed meat pastry). The restaurant side has a very large variety of food too. I like their rice combo dishes. It's really  good. Even though it's a Vietnamese restaurant. Lol. The rice plates comes with rice n different meats. They are really generous with their portions too. The only draw back is their always understaffed. Which I find annoying. The food takes awhile. But then again I don't mind the wait bcz the food is great!!!
Ps. My husband fav is Com #7Love there bake good. That says it all. They have sweet, savory, bready, flaky, meat, desserts and bake goods.Viet-French = deliciousnessI've gotten Bahn Mi hear many times. Especially because I thought the odd color and consistency homemade mayo was some sort of butter. 
When I found out it was mayo I stopped and will patron Bahn Mi Sao. 
I really hate mayo, hate it more than anything, even hate more than rich power structure that controls society. It's not the taste (though vulgar), color, texture, or smell (all disgusting), it's also the idea it even exists. Makes me upset to my stomach.
Anyway back to the review.
Bahn Mi is cheap, bread is made here, and I believe the meats are as well. 
Bakery is my favorite due to the over abundance of Mayo on the Bahn Mi. Loads of fresh Vietnamese and French pastries. All sorts of great meat filled pastries as well (my favorite), one day I will have to make a list of best places to get meat filled pastries.
Note that the bakery is separate from the restaurant, go in the back of the bakery to order your Bahn Mi.
I also believe neither of the pictures attached are from the bakery. And it seems other reviewers reviewed the restaurant on this page. The restaurant and bakery are SEPARATE! Different stuff, hours, and forms of payment. I think there is another yelp page just for the restaurant, or there should be.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants around. They grow all of their herbs fresh. The braised duck pho and the spicy beef are two of my favorites. Their bubble tea is also one point. If your not in the mood for Pho, the bakery next door offers a nice selection of pastries and Bahn Mi.still love this place, cause its rockin.   I went and got bahn mi for parades in new orleans during mardigras.   a month ago.   just today?  they finally batched their credit card sales.     KNOW THIS, stick to cash here.    when someone sits on your credit card bill for this long?   that says much to me....    sad.   it messed up the hubby's checking account.   ended up costing him double with the service charge.
however, cash is king.Rekt an early lunch today at THE best Vietnamese spot around IMO. Bakery and banh mi station on one side, restaurant on the other. Today I opted to sit down in the restaurant. 
Ordered Spring Rolls, Vietnamese Crepe w/ shrimp & pork, and Mì Vt Tim (Egg Noodle Soup w/ Braised Duck) with then intention of taking some leftovers to go. Got super full and still have a second meal.
I've been coming here regularly for six years and Dong Phuong never disappoints.Best Banh Mi Sandwich I've ever had.
Previously I've said I don't think I've had enough experience to know what a 5-star banh mi tastes like. Other places have always been good, but it never had the "it" factor. After a few bites here though, I found that factor I was looking for. It's unnameable, unknowable, but something you just feel from the depths of your soul.
What made it clear that this was 5-star was the bread. The bread here was perfectly crunchy and soft all at once. I'm not sure how, but it just worked together in harmony. The toppings were very generous and the prices were cheap ($1.95 for veggie to aboug $2.85 for meat ones). Uber cheap, right? My previous experiences with banh mi have always lacked in the ratio of meat to bread and toppings, but here it worked together.
Besides the banh mi's though, I got the BBQ Pork Steamed bun thing or whatever it is (sorry I'm not very well versed in these foods). That was amazing...and it was only $1.25.
Up until this point on my trip to New Orleans I was waiting for something to wow me, and I'm glad I came to Dong Phuong cuz it did the job.Thankfully I reserved my king cake online and was able to skip the half a mile line around the store and down the highway. Would I wait in that line to get this king cake? No. But I have to say it might be my all time favorite king cake and I'll be reserving online again next year.After hearing so many of my friends rave about this restaurant I decided to try it out.  We went there during lunch hour and the place wasn't busy on a weekday.  I had the spring roll for starters with the peanut sauce.  The roll was thick but tasteless without the sauce.  For my main meal I ordered the Combo # 4 consisting of beef, shrimp, egg roll and fried rice.  The beef was tasty but a bit chewy.  Afterwards we headed over to the bakery located across the room.  We bought some takeout baked goods to take home.This review is for the bakery, I did not go into the resturaunt that is connected to it.
FOr years I have heard about this wonderful bakery out in New Orleans East, but I never got around to driving out there until today.   I have to tell you, I will be putting more miles on my car in the future.
I went for the french bread, because I heard that it was the best in New Orlenas, and I thought I might as well try thier Bahn Mi.  Well, when I first arrived I was told that they were out of bread and that more would be ready in about an hour.   I was a bit hungery so I got a BBQ pork steam bun and a bottle of water.  The bun was wonderful, best I have ever had. 
To kill some time I took a drive over to visit the Bayou Sauvage widlife refuge (not a bad way to spen an hour on a beartiful October afternoon.)
When I got back to the bakery, the bread was ready so I ordered a few Bahn Mi to go and picked up my french bread. FOUR huge sadwitches and TEN loaves of the best french bread you can buy and all with change back from a $20!
Now I admit that the only experiance I have had with a Bahn MI sandwitch is from a couple of little hole in the wall places in mid city, and I thought that they were good. But, I did not know what a great sandwitch this could be until I ate one of my Bahn Mi from Dong Phuong!  The ingredients are fresh and the bread is wonderful crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside.  
Hurry, don't waste years like I did before venturing out to the east to try Dong Phuong Oriental Bakery!I usually only trek as far as the West Bank to get my Vietnamese fix but I have heard so much Dong Phuong hype that I drove out to New Orleans East to check it out.
When I walked in the restaurant, it smelled like a wet dog. The only non-disgusting explantation I could think of was that this was the smell of fish sauce? Normally, I can hang in moderate filth and get used to/ignore the stench, but this was super offensive and gross.
I'm a total pain generally, and I am specifically a pain when dining out because I am a vegan. I asked our server if the Taro bubble tea that I wanted had milk. She said yes, but they could make it without milk.
She came back shortly to take our orders and when my dining companions and I took the time to exchange a set of "eh? are you ready?" glances, she curtly told us that "if you aren't ready, I have to leave," nodding towards the somewhat full opposite side of the dining room. Rude? Whatever. Chalk it up to language barrier and forgive.
My bubble tea comes and I can taste that it has milk in it. I am 90% sure, but would like to ask and send it back if so. I try to catch eyes with my server but she is nowhere to be found. This is the case for the duration of the meal. I understand that I am a brat and privileged enough to impose semi-ludicrous dietary restrictions upon myself, but if I had an actual allergy to milk, this would have been crummy.
As for the food, I got tofu and stir-fried veggies with white rice. It was okay, but mostly just tasted like vague Chinese take-out stir fry. There were no vegetarian options indicated on the standard menu, only on the "Lunch Specials" menu so I had to inquire and pick from the three tofu options on there. My boyfriend had ribs, which were "really good" but came with a toddler-sized portion of white rice. My bastard friend who sleeps on my couch had some sort of beef pho and said it was "good, but not GOOD. I think Magasin is better." There was a really horrifying, bubbly piece of gristle in there that he did not eat.
So! Food-wise, it was okay-to-good for folks who eat meat, poor for vegetarians/vegans and universally stinky.
Bakery looked pretty good. Buncha little dragons and cats made out of frosting.After James Beard recognized their king cake I just had to try some of everything I could find. Red Velvet, cheesecake, and even cupcakes are all amazing and the cream cheese stuffed king cake is worth the wait to get my little hands on one!The bakery is an adventure and I would give it 4 stars, but the restaurant underwhelmed me so I'm going with 3. 
 I love going to places like the bakery,  and watching other's reactions.. This bakery seems to make all the Poboy rolls in NOLA! The loaves are about a foot long, very light, but crispy on outside. The price is right! 3/$1.25 which is better than Hong Kong Market which has them 2/$1.  
I wasn't impressed with the Banh mi's. The variety of fillings is more than any other place in NOLA ( like 15 different kinds)  but the flavors were no where near as good as the Banh mi at Hong Kong Market. Here they were really just sandwiches with a bland pickle of daikon & carrot, and without whatever "special sauce" HKM puts on theirs.  I wouldn't get one here again.  I do like the way they wrap them to go and put a label on each one.  Also the automated roll slicer was an interesting addition.
I had to try new pastries. On a friend's recommendation I bought a 2 pack of cream rolls which look  a bit like a mushy poboy but are made with a slightly sweeter, dough. Inside it was filled with what I think was some kind of sweet cream cheese filling-- kinda like long cream cheese filled donuts. very good.
The banana candies were also good. They are dark, sesame coated gelatinous square sweets with peanuts inside. It's along the line of Turkish delight but chewier.
The third new sweet was a rectangle of some chewy black (? Bean filling?) sandwiched between a flakey rice paper type crust (reminded me of the rice paper covering of Perugia).  It was ok, but would take trying it a few times before I could decide if I liked the flavor or not.
They have a variety of 3 inch mini pies- the apple and ?sweet potato ones were good. The little pie dough crusts were some of the best I've had-very flakey and crisp, not doughy or chewy like usual bakery pie crusts. I tried one of the green steamed buns filled with a lot of  meat and, despite the color which was a little off putting to me, they were absolutely delicious, meaty, flavorful, and the texture was perfect. Not really like Chinese steamed buns which are always too doughy in texture for my taste and are more dough than filling.
I also liked the savory pastries filled with meat, meat and chestnuts. The "dot" method for separating the different types was, I thought, very clever, but I  did have a qualm about whatever red"ink" they use to differentiate them.
In the restaurant, I had a cup of the won ton soup which was a simple thin broth with scallions and several dumplings. The broth wasn't very flavorful nor were the dumplings--and I'm spoiled by the won ton soup from Kim Ahn's which is delicious. 
We asked if the Ban Hoi Heo hoac was pressed vermicelli or rice wraps. The waitress assured us it was the rice wrappers, but it turned out to be pressed vermicelli. The flavor was good but other places are better.  That seemed to be the general consensus for all of us, all dishes from pho to vermicelli bowls to rice plates were ok but not really as good as other places.
The service in the restaurant was slow and not attentive. I wouldn't make another trip for the restaurant again- too many other more interesting Viet restaurant s, and others that are more flavorful and cheaper.
They do have a huge list of bubble tea flavors, and several I'd never seen: taro, soursop, red bean and mung bean, but bubble teas are expensive @$4.75 each.Come to New Orleans and miss the tatse of Vietnamese food? Dont worry, you come to the right place. The stir fried noodle is good. Pho bowl is beyoung exceptional. Love the placeTHEY ARE VERY RUDE..they're the "hurry up and buy" type. I stood in front the counter, with no line behind me, and was asked more than twice in the span of 2 minutes if I was ready to order. Even after telling the lady I was trying to decide my order. I felt rushed and unwelcome. I've lived in the area since the 90's and I don't patronize them for this reason. Thought I'd give them another shot and it's the same story. My wife inquired about items on the menu and the lady making the sandwiches acted like it was an inconvenience and proceeded to talk over our heads in Vietnamese. To make matters worse she took the initiative to just make our sandwich without knowing what we wanted! Seems like if you don't ask any questions and you're willing to accept whatever they hand you then there won't be a problem. Spend your hard earned money with a more deserving and appreciative business. Needless to say, but we won't be back.I love visiting Dong Phoung for its bakery. Everything is hot and fresh. Pate chaud is my favorite to get ( pork and onions) I recently tried their Vietnamese yogurt and that was delicious! Very light and the more you keep eating the better it gets. I always get a banh mi. Try something new every time you go. My favorite is the banh mi nem nuong. I've tried the restaurant twice and its alright. The first visit I tried the bun rieu and bun bo hue. The bun rieu was good the the bun bo hue was not that great. The second time I visited I ordered the bun tit nuong and I was a bit disappointed. They give you too much noodles. I had to take at least half the noodles out. The noodles were overcooked which I didn't like. I'll just just to the bakery from now onAnother GREAT visit to dong phuong.  The restaurant and bakery are divided by a shelf of pastries.  They are also separate businesses. I know this because I helped do the refinancing for the businesses after hurricane Katrina.
We ordered Chanh soda (lime with club soda), noodles with grilled pork and egg rolls, and rice with Korean short rib BBQ and a fried egg.
We went at noon after church on a Sunday. It's always very busy at this time.  Still we were seated immediately and someone took our order within 10 minutes.  The lady that took out order has. Even working there for at least 10 years and seems to genuinely enjoy meeting and greeting people.
My husband gets the lime club soda drink every time we come here.  The grilled pork was flavorful.  The egg rolls seem to be smaller than before.  They use to be huge - size of the pointer and middle finder. Now they're like cute little egg rolls - size of your thumb. In Vietnamese egg rolls so there's a meat, veggie, and clear noodle inside that is very well blended.  The noddles were cooked perfectly al dente.  It also comes with tons of sprouts, julienned cucumbers and carrots, and mint at the bottom.
The rice and Korean BBQ was exceptional today.  On the side is a clear soup with green onions and yellow onions that comes out first.  The entree itself includes a generous cup size helping of pickled cabbage and carrots.  The jasmine rice was topped with not one but two eggs cooked over easy.  There were 5 thick slices of well seasoned short ribs.  The rice and meat was topped with a sprinkling of green onions and fried onions lightly sauté.
On our way out we walked over to the bakery for a banh mi (#14 Viet sausage no butter) and some pâté chaud to take away.  The lines move quickly there usually.  This time we found ourself a behind two orders of 20 sandwiches.  The ladies were quick and efficient, but it's still a wait no matter how you put it.There dessert and poboys-Banh Mi are delis! I always leave with over 10poboys to bring home. All there other food are worth trying out also.This restaurant is unassuming, but the meat pies alone are a good reason to take the drive to New Orleans East for lunch. So good. 
And their king cakes are my favorite in town. I will go out of my way to go there for them. Not too sweet, and just oh so good. I also had an amazing birthday cake made here  for me with a dragon on it.Go there for the pastries and sandwiches. They are very good. Heck even the king cake is good. My coworkers really liked it. But don't bother with the restaurant. The food is not very good. Their pho Dac Biet was terrible. The duck was not fresh at all. There are a few other Vietnamese restaurants down the street. Go there for the food.This is a review for online king cake orders. 
During my trip home for Mardi Gras, I placed an order for a regular and cream cheese king cake to be picked up on Lundi Gras. I did so primarily as a way to ovoid waking up at the crack of dawn and standing in line, and to ensure that I had a king cake from one of my two preferred places in the metropolitan area. Admittedly, I did not expect the process of picking up an already placed order to be as easy as it was. When we arrived at 4pm and walked into the bakery, we were instructed to go walk to the back warehouse area, where there was a table and person there to provide any previously made orders.
The cakes were fresh and just as delicious as they are when you stand in line and get them the same day. While the James Beard award has created even more buzz around this very special the Village de L'est bakery, it is well deserved and the increased foot traffic will not keep me away, particularly when orders can be placed online.Delicious, no frills Vietnamese bakery in New Orleans East.  Everything fresh and tastyMy boyfriend and I decided to take a rainy day trek here after reading such great things about their banh mi. He got the Viet Pork Banh Mi (#5) and brought it to the restaurant side, but I've been a bit under the weather and decided to get pho instead. I am so thankful I did! The banh mi was definitely solid, but the pho was some of the best that I've ever had. The broth was amazing and they don't skimp on meat (brisket and round steak). We also split a serving of spring rolls and got some ca phe sua da to go. The portions were large, and only set us back $25. Highly recommend!I have to say that I am an idiot at times. I didn't really get into Vietnamese food until about 15 years ago. I missed out but I have been making up for it ever since. Pho is a go to meal for me at least twice a week. It was really sent here to pick up bread to make sandwiches at home, but low and behold there was wasn't just a Bakery, but a Restaurant next door as well. That being said, lunch was already planned for the day so fast forward to the next day. 
  I got there around 11:30 and there was a crowd already. I ordered the number 45 Pho which is loaded with Beef. The broth was a little sweeter than what I'm used to but great flavor. In fact once all the veggies and spice  were added in it all balanced out. Service was ok, and a little cramped in some places but a great bowl of soup you can expect. 
 On the way out I picked up a few different meat pies and treats for the folks at home from the Bakery. New Orleans and Houston, (Especially New Orleans) are really fusing Vietnamese food with local home town favorites. While you can't beat traditional New Orleans style French bread, places like this are really pushing the envelope. I'll be back.The best Bun vermicelli I've had -- the grilled tofu w/ vegetarian egg rolls is a favorite of mine -- pickled carrots, cucumbers, radish and cabbage make for the best in town. Also the attached bakery next door has excellent Vietnamese poor boys for a whopping $3. All the food is cheap, service is generally professional but can get a bit overwhelmed during the peak time lunch rush. Well worth the drive!After a rough night, pho was in order. We carpooled out to the East with some phellow pho phans to check out Dong Phuong. We'd heard good things about the soup and the extensive bakery. Plus, we wanted to check out Little Saigon out there.
It was busy and so getting our order taken was slow, but food was fast and fresh upon arrival. The pho was great, a nice meat:noodle ratio, but only available in one size. We also got the shrimp summer rolls, which rocked. We also picked up some baked goods to go, including fresh French bread although we were too stuffed to try a banh mi. Oh well, just gotta go back....
The family that runs the place is friendly and helpful, and we really enjoyed talking to one of the guys who worked there. He jokingly told us the Vietnamese sausage was made of "mostly dog and some cat breast". Hilarious. Good stuff all around.The bakery, out of bounds good. Any traditional breads, desserts, or snacks you can find here, try them and you will be shocked at what Americans are missing! Bahn mis are great sandwhiched, cheap too! We eat here every time we head south to New Orleans. We get a beef meatball soup, delicious, and I get a noodle dish with steamed pork, without a doubt best food in East New Orleans. The bread they sell also is perfect for making some at home po' boys.My roommate and I have almost finished an entire cream cheese king cake from this awesome gem in NO East (way out on Chef) within the last 24 hours. Definitely the freshest, yummiest king cake I've had. The icing on top is light and fluffy - not goopy, sticky and heavy like most, the sugar adds texture and somehow actually tastes good not just like food colored granules. And the cake is moist and delicious - not dry or overly sweet. While I'm a new resident, I've had my share over the years and I believe their king cakes must be one of this city's best kept secrets. Plus, at $12 they are even affordable!
Not to mention, I am uber excited about my new gig at a school out in the East this winter cuz I get to have their slammin' banh mi sandwiches for lunch at least once a week. They fill their freshly baked baguette on premises (which you can buy 3 for $1 while there to make your own sammys at home) with a smear of butter-tinted mayo, nice hearty slice of cucumber, healthy handful of carrots, full sprigs of cilantro, several slices spicy peppers and delicious meats (I always get the grilled pork). I love me some banh mi, and this is about as good as it gets. $2.85 is average price, but head and shoulders above others I've had in NOLA and elsewhere.
Make the trek out to the East, it's worth it!Easily the best Vietnamese food in the  city. Banhi Mi, Vietnamese poboys are the best and cheapest poboys in New Orleans. Go to the bakery get any banhi mi, buy some bread for home, and then order a meat pie at the register. Dong Phoung is a treasure in New Orleans East!!This place was recommended to me for the best Banh mi ever. We stopped by on our way home from NOLA. Everything we had was so good. The pho was good portion and priced right. The bakery part of the store was separate. While waiting for our food we decided to try a Banh mi French cold cut and it was pretty good! It's now one of my favorites Banh mi aside from the one I always get from the ATL. The owner was very nice and friendly. I would definitely recommend this place (if you can find it!). The place was a little out of the way on a looooooong stretch of a road.I recently took a group of friends from California to taste New Orleans Vietnamese food and it blew their standards away. 
The place stays hectic, you'll definitely have to seat yourself and be assertive with your order, but they are the best at their specialty dishes particularly:
grilled porkchop w/rice and egg
hu tieu clear noodle soup with shrimp, chicken or pork
They also have a great selection of smoothies and stopping by the bakery for desert for fresh baked bread, french vietnamese pastries or sandwiches never disappoints too.Very good tasty reasonably priced. Only open till 4pm so glad we made it. Also, bought items at their bakery.Finally made it here! We were there a few minutes after 8am and were looking for breakfast pastry. We got 3 loaves of bahn mi bread for less than $2. It was still warm and we tore off an end in the car. Crispy crispy crust and then airy inside. 6 hours later it made a perfect sandwich. But back to the bakery. We did not try bahn mi but there was a steady line. Next time! The cream buns are large soft brioche with coconut cream filling. These got eaten in the car. Sweet but not cloying. We also brought home some croissants for tomorrow. They seem more bread- brioche like rather than flaky. But I'm sure they will be fine. Pretty cakes too.Found this gem driving around the outskirts of New Orleans when heading out to Biloxi, MS. Great Banh Mi places. I would recommend to anyone looking for amazing Vietnamese food or those wanting something cheap.. Personally, I usually go for the Cold Cuts (dac biet) at Banh Mi places so I got one to try here along with the grilled pork (thit nuong) and the chinese roasted pork (xa xiu). All was delicious. I saw a lot of people just buy their pate chaud here as well so I know what to get next time I'm in the area.There is certainly two distinct parts to this establishment; the bakery side and the restaurant side. We ate at both and I will start with the bakery side. We rushed here because it closes at 4pm. There was plenty of parking in their huge lot. There is a small selection of breads and if you want banh mi, you must have it made to order. Tell them to make it, then take it to the front to pay.
On the restaurant side, we got our usual order of pho tai and it was decent. The broth was much oilier than I expected.  We also order goi cuon and this was great. Real meat and the perfect ratio of ingredients, not too heavy on any one thing. I brought my sandwich in there, which was okay of course. the sandwich had a good amount of meat and was not that big, but definitely top notch. My only complaint on this is there was a bit too much Vietnamese mayo. It is definitely authentic and the service was good!My place to go to when I am in New Orleans East. Service is as expected. Food is ok too. The bakery is off the chart though.#1?  amaazing.  Pate, pork, mayo, on delicious french bread, topped with carrots, cilantro, hot peppers, yummy!  Also only $3 once you included tax.  It was fun taking the trip though it takes some time to get there.  In the future, I'd buy three one to make the drive worthwhile.  I'm curious about the restaurant now.So, this has always been the MECCA of Vietnamese places in Nola. I always was told by chef friends about this mysterious bakery waaaaay out in the East that had amazing bread and cakes. I checked it out on Yelp, and wrote it off because it seemed like it would be too crowded on my lunchbreak.
Well, friends, yesterday I grew a pair and drove by during lunch. Suprisingly, it's not very far from I-10, and it's not "ghetto" at all. It's in a part of town that was SEVERELY impacted by the storm, so yes, there are a lot of bombed-out-looking buildings, but the bakery is located very closely to a small cluster of businessess and neighborhoods that are loosely referred to as "Viet Village"... 
The bakery and restaurant are in the same building, with entrances not clearly marked in typical Nola fashion. The restaurant's is on the left, FYI. I went in there first and ordered some food to go, thinking that would be all, but that was before I browsed over to the bakery and made a discovery that will change my life forever:
THEY HAVE SOY-BASED MOCK MEAT FOR PO-BOYS. Nobody has ever informed me of this fact. I immediately ordered one, sans mayo, of course. I checked out the rest of the bakery while my sandwich was being prepared, noting the very nice king cakes, buns, pastries and meat pies. I picked up 3 loaves of Vietnamese Po-Boy bread to bring home and tinker with. My total for the Po Boy and the bread was less than 5 bucks. Holy crap. Amazing.
I ate my sandwich in the car, because I was curious/starving. Basically, I'm in love. I know I've said this about places before, but that was before I met the dong. My bread was perfectly crunchy, the soy "meat" was pretty good, the veggies were pickled and delicious, and it was cheap. What more could a gal ask for? Well, I confess that I added some vegan mayo to my leftovers, as well as some hot sauce, but that was just to make it PERFECT.
I'll be back. Most likely more than once a week. I can't wait. I already have requests from my friends with no car for me to deliver them some sandwiches...
To close out this babbling, just go if you are adventurous and love Vietnamese food. There are so many different foods in just the bakery portion that you probably can't get anywhere else in New Orleans. If you're vegetarian or vegan, give #10, the vegetarian soy sandwich a try. If you don't like it, you're out 4 bucks. However, I bet you will.I try not to go here, but on this particular occasion my boss and I was very hungry and I wanted him to eat something.
He ordered from the lunch menu and got chinese, whereas I got the goi cuon with a bowl of chicken broth. 
The first time the waittress bought my broth, I saw a fruit fly in there so I asked her in a low tone to please bring me another bowl because there was something in there.
What a bitch! Not only did she act like I did something, but she gave me the eye! Never again and even if I did eat there again(like hell), she's not getting a tip from me either. Even though she was a bitch I left her a good tip. Which I regretted later on.
The smoothies are good and the food is ok, right next door is the vietnamese bakery where you can find pate chaud, stuffed meat buns, sweet cakes, etc. Fresh baked french bread is popular here and everything is made on the premises.
Everything is reasonably pricedOne of my favorite things to eat are banh mi.  Banh mi Dac Biet here are probably one of the best I had.  That's saying a lot from Houston where we have banh everywhere.  The cold cut meat they use is definitely different and makes the sandwich really stand out.  It reminds me of what a banh dac biet should smell and taste like. The banh bao are pretty tasty too but man those banh mi.  Can't believe I never tried them throughout all these years.The building and décor is nothing exciting, but if you're in New Orleans East this is where you should eat.  Banh Mi for $3.25!  And it's on their freshly baked bread and awesome! Steamed pork buns are great.  Even a Yucca & Coconut dessert was awesome - I'm not Vietnamese but this place seems about as authentic as you'll get and the food is great as long as you're remotely adventurous.  Can't wait to go back yet again...This was a great experience! A NOLA gem!!! Clean, food fresh, a lot of visitors! Don't let look of the building fool you!As for the food, I give the food five stars. Hands down, you  are not going to get a more authentic banh mi or pate chaud than this. As for the staff, I give them a two.  Although I found one girl that was fairly nice, there is a couple of the older ladies are just complete assholes. First time I went in, I began to tell one of them how I drove an hour and half to check them out and she looked at me like I was annoying her. Th second time, today, I walked in at 5:40 to get a banh mi and the lady making sandwiches had put  the meat in the cooler directly below her waist. I asked for the number 5 banh mi; she told me "you want me banh I'm you get #1" three times until she finally would make my sandwich. At that point she started speaking in Vietnamese talking shit because she didn't feel like getting the grilled pork back out.  Granted, every other item was out and remember, this is sandwich meat that is already cooked. Needless to say, this experience has kept me from giving this bakery a higher rating. I will probably go back bc the food is pretty Damn good but not as quickly as I would if the people were more friendly.Tried Banh Mi for the first time ! I tried out the Roast Beef and BBQ Chicken(they gave me the wrong one lol) but it was still pretty bomb! I also tried the Hu Tieu Sate from there ! It tasted SENSATIONAL lol !! Highly Recommend y'all trying it out !Though I live far away in Metairie, I was anxious to go to Dong Phuong, because of all the good reviews.  When I finally got the chance to go the place turned out to be much as the other reviewers have already said.  It has a blue-collar dining area with tolerably fast service (Do NOT go there on Sunday.  You will never get served.)  The tables were sticky.  I ordered Bun Thiet Nung, my standard Vietnamese dish - rice noodles with marinated grilled pork.  It turned out to be delicious and different from any other I've had.  
I've gone back twice since then and had Pho on both occasions.  The first Pho was meatballs, and it had tiny chunks of bone that hurt my teeth, but it was otherwise tolerable.  The second time I had Pho it had strings of what appeared to be cartilage and some unidentifiable animal part which was frankly disgusting. 
On each occasion I had the spring rolls which are quite good.
Here's why I gave them only two stars though:  My wife is allergic to mono-sodium glutamate, and I asked if they had MSG in their food.  The waiter told us that EVERY DISH THEY MAKE HAS MSG.  If you got to Dong Phuong you should be aware of this.  For me it's a deal-breaker.  I really wanted to like this place.
I would recommend Thien Din on Lafayette on the West Bank or Nine Roses near Stumph also on the West Bank long before I would recommend Dong Phuong.I ate here a few months ago and I can't wait to go back. I had the grilled pork chop with steamed rice, and let me tell you: it was awesome. And not just because pork chops are one of my favorite foods. The meat was so tender and a bit charred throughout but I loved it just like that. The portions for my meal were huge, at least for me. If I recall correctly, it was two large pork chops and lots of rice with a simple broth, fish sauce, and carrots/cucumbers on the side. It was so yummy I could barely move after eating the whole plate, and the fact that it was only $9 for all of that was great! The staff was nice & friendly, and left you to eat your meal the entire time only to come back to refill our drinks which I can appreciate. I wish we had gotten to try the meat pies or any of the bakery items, but I will definitely come back to get some as well as to try the pho or banh mi!Believe the hype on this one. Not only do they have the best banh mi in all of South La. but there's superior pho & other Vietnamese food in their restaurant portion-- for my money, the best Vietnamese food on the East Bank.
 If you don't live out in the East, call before driving out there though, because they sometimes close early.My friend and I shared two banh mi, a roasted pork (#4) and a BBQ chicken (#9), and they were both delicious, with super fresh ingredients and possibly the best bread of this type I've ever had (firm but not so firm that it scrapes the roof of your mouth). And such a deal at $3.25 each. Can't wait to go back and try all the other varieties!
Tried the restaurant for the first time today(9/13/15)(previously had only been to the bakery). My friend and I had the "Shrimp Wrapped with sugarcane & Grilled Pork" vermicelli and the "Korean BBQ Short Ribs" rice plate. Both were very good with me preferring the vermicelli and my friend preferring the rice plate. 
Afterwards, when we were getting some yummies to go next door at the bakery, the restaurant's manager came up to us with $6, explaining that the waitress had charged another table's amount to my credit card by mistake. Dong Phuong Restaurant has gained my eternal admiration for this wonderful display of honesty!Words can't express the food it's worth the drive anywhere
In their bakery is phenomenalThis is an amazing bakery.
Awesome meat pies and turnovers.  Tasty desserts (I had some tiny coconut custard pie that made me glad I don't live in New Orleans or I'd balloon to 300lbs eating them every day). Cheap, tasty Bahn Mi sandwiches. You have to go check this place out. It's one of the best New Orleans finds that we've discovered.Came here for the Bahn Mi and it did not disappoint! The bread was crispy and chewy if that makes sense I got the pork combo that has the pork pate' and headcheese.. all the flavors were complimentary and buttery. I also for two meat pies that were flaky and full of flavor! If you can make out to Dong Phuong you will not be disappointed.Very succulent . I am very hard to please with King cakes . However , Yesssss Honey Yesssss.This place has the best banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) I've ever tried. Most places use hard, or older bread when making their sandwiches, but they make it fresh here! My mom (who is Vietnamese) says this place is her favorite because of their banh mi. She also loves to come here when looking for a place to order birthday cakes for the family. I don't know how long they've been in business, but I can remember eating their banh mi all the time as a kid.The French bakery there is awesome! I grew up eating their food and you can not go wrong with their sweets too. My family usually buy boxes of their bread for our po-boys business. Crunchy hot steamy beard = Satisfaction!STOP READING THIS REVIEW AND GO GET SOME PATE CHAUD IMMEDIATELY.
DO IT.
DO IT NOW.
Oh yeah, the Banh Mi Dac Biet is pretty excellent too,
BUT I DON'T CARE BECAUSE THE PATE CHAUD IS PARTY TIME EXCELLENT IN YOUR MOUTH. 
THE MEATPIE WITH JICAMA IS ALSO GOOD.Skip the restaurant and just go to the bakery and order the sandwich. I tried a little bit of everything and that was the only standout. The bread was delicious, nice large crunchy piece of cucumber, fresh jalapeños, carrots, cilantro, some special sauce, and your meat of choice. I had the grilled pork. Will definitely return!Absolute best Phö in the New Orleans area hands down. Sandwiches, pastries and deserts are excellent and prices can not be beaten.I love Dong Phong restaurant and bakery.  They have amazing food.  One of my families favorites is their bread.. Amazing!!! You will not be disappointed with their delicious food!!OMG! I almost forgot about this place! Although it's been a couple years since i've been, i KNOW this 5 star still stands. 
When i was working construction at NASA, my co-worker and i would come here literally everyday (except the one day they were closed) what a beautiful little Vietnamese gem! I always got either the rice with chicken or pork (back when i ate pork) lunch special, my mouth is watering as i'm typing this review just thinking about those dishes, oh and get the egg on top if you do go that route, SO good!
We were in there so much to the point where the waitresses would simply ask me  'chicken or pork today?' Ah! I miss it, most definitely making a visit in the near future!My most favorite bang mi in the world!! FREAKEN scrumptiousLots of vietnamese restaurants in this area. the pho was not bad, but not great like some philadelphia pho spots. The meat they used was definitely high quality and they don't skimp out on it. Spring rolls were decent too.WORST PLACE EVER!!! 
One day we decided to go have lunch here and it was the worst mistake ever. We had a party of 7; it took the waitress forever to approach our table. We were fine with that since we knew they were busy. She finally took our drinks and appetizers order. We got our appetizers and were done eating it but our drinks never came. We had to ask the waitress for our drinks and her respond was "its coming." 
We had 3 orders of Spring Rolls and she only gave us 1 bowl of dipping sauce. Each order should have 1 bowl of dipping sauce. We ask her for the other 2 dipping sauce and she said, "WHEN YOU DONE WITH THAT ONE, I'LL GIVE YOU MORE" We're paying for 3 orders of springs roll (which include dipping sauce); we should get want comes with it. 
When our entrée finally came, they gave my boyfriend something he did not order. We told her that this wasn't what we wanted but her respond was, "WELL WE ALREADY MADE IT, CAN'T YOU JUST EAT IT." Of course we argue back, telling her "No, he wanted what he ordered." She finally decided to take that incorrect dish back to the kitchen.
Our foods were either too dry or too salty. Very disappointing
I seriously don't know what her issue was that day but that wasn't just the only complaint we had. I only pointed out a few issue from that visit. Because of this, we will never come back.A really good restaurant/ bakery: known for best home-made French bread that you can buy.  Bakery is bustling with Vietnamese po-boys (banh mi), French treats, and other Vietnamese delicacies. 
The restaurant, completely separate from bakery, provides some Chinese but mostly Vietnamese cuisines.  
Super yummy!!!!Fantastic almond bun.  Consistently amazing, reasonably priced and worth the drive.The best Vietnamese in the New Orleans area. And don't forget to stop in their bakery on the way out. Always tasty treats to discover!After one day of eating New Orleans cooking (and there is nothing wrong with it) and heavy drinking, my wife and I were craving for Pho. After doing some research and finding this place in east New Orleans on Chef highway we decided to take an hours bus ride to get there from the French quarters (yes we are crazy).  It was well worth it, the broth was full, hearty, rich and definitely hit the spot for my night of drinking.  It was very authentic and we know our Vietnamese food and we decided to get banh mi sandwiches to go afterwards since they have a well know bakery right next door!  If you are up to exploring New Orleans and not afraid to make the hour long trip then you will not be disappointed.  Definitely recommended!!!Love love love this place and always want to eat here when in town. The buns, the po boys, the coconut cookies...sigh....so good.I have not been to their actual bakery in New Orleans East but I purchased their king cake from another store that was selling theirs! Oh, my! That is a very good king cake they have! It has a very buttery and rich flavor to the king cake. The icing is a cream cheese icing that is so good! There icing is better than the other bakery's king cakes because it's not too sweet and tossed with a bunch of colored sugar. This is one of the best king cakes I've had. I've tried majority of the bakeries in the New Orleans/metairie area and this one is by far the best one. The only complaint I have about their cream cheese king cake is that they don't fill the cream cheese in all the pieces of the cake. They don't use enough cream cheese filling. You cut into some of the pieces and it's dry with no filling. Other than that, their king cakes are perfect! Hopefully they will sale them year round eventually to order.Good friend of mine took me to my first authentic Vietnamese restaurant. I thought it was so cool when i first walked in, they tables had tons of chop sticks and Asian spoons with hand full of sauces. I really didn't know what to order started off with egg rolls that were damn good, better then most egg rolls i have had before i wanted a bag of them to go lol. My wife ordered some kind of lime drink that came with a bottle of soda water then she mixed with some lime juice concoction, it tasted good a little tart for my taste but still pretty good. The food came out really fast, and holy Devil balls hot. I burnt my tongue on a 200 degree piece of broccoli. Not there fault i wasn't paying attention and instead of testing the temp i just popped in my mouth. The fried rice was very good i eat it so fast my shirt had rice all over it. Can't remember the name of the dish but it had beef chicken & Shrimp mixed with veggies stir fried and everything i had was great. My wife ordered some kind of rice noodle with chicken. Don't know what they did to that chicken to taste so damn good and still be very tender. Everyone at my table really enjoyed there food. I can't wait to go back and try something else. While i was letting my food digest my wife went over the the bakery side, they had some cool things, i got some peanut candy that was great. She got a couple other things but i don't how they were she wouldn't share and eat them before i could try them, so i guess that was a good sign.Worth A Journey. Great bahn mi spot, and they sell beautiful baked goods. The inexpensive loaves of bread can't be beat!Everytime I come in here, the bakery is stocked full of banh mi which is very reasonably priced and very tasty.  I tried banh mi all over the south east and must say Dong Phuong ranks among the top. I also like  BBQ pork steamed buns. They used to sell hot foods like pho, rice, etc in the room next to the bakery but I have not seen that venue of Dong Phuong the last few times I've been there.  Hopefully they will be done with the renovations the next time I'm in NOLA.I have been to the restaurant now, it took two trips to find the restaurant open.  If you are driving from a distance, call and make sure they will be open.  The restaurant and bakery are both open early.  I thought I had researched my dish, but got a bad surprise with clotted pig blood in my Bun Bo Hue. The broth was very rich and spicy, and delicious, beef was thinly sliced and generous amount.  The menu didn't say anything about tofu either, I think it was tofu anyway.  Egg rolls, small and okay.  Fresh garnish ingredients.  Special Pho good and generous amount of beef.  They had chopsticks, don't know if they would have brought a fork if we asked, I just wind noodles around my chopstick and shovel it in my mouth!  They don't bring your check, it is kept by the register and the cashier knows where you were sitting, to pull the right one.  They do a big business, eat in and take out.  The bakery does a huge business.  The Banh Mi are in the bakery part of the building.  The Banh Mi bread is the jewel in this crown!Delicious sandwiches and baked goods. #7 was the right balance of meat & veg for $3.25. I recommended the green stuffed puffs...yummy.Believe the hype. Dong Phuong will not let you down. Amazing food and extremely affordable. Sit down and enjoy your meal, or carry out from the bakery entrance. Furthermore, there isn't a bad choice on the Bahn-mi menu; all good!The King Cakes are so delicious. They are less sweet and very tender, we bought a few Feb. 2015. And the cinnamon rolls are very good!
Try the pho (noodle soup) it's really good.This is one of the better Vietnamese restaurants along the gulf coast area, if I don't say so myself. I typically order my food and then skip on over the bakery shop. Everything is typically fresh. The banh mi sandwiches are good and I always take one to go.
As for the noodles, I enjoy the duck noodles better. They have their days, sometimes the pho is better and other times it's not. But at least the bean sprouts and basil leaves are always fresh. Depends on which days you go. I don't recommend the boba tea, it's never any good to me. The tapioca is never cooked thorough enough and they never blend it well enough either.There is a restaurant and bakery side.
The bakery has the best french bread in town, hands down. I come here for fresh french bread all the time. My family from out of town would by boxes of bread to freeze and eat until their next visit. They also have some pastries, cakes, vietnamese poboys, and vietnamese desserts.
I am not a big fan of the restaurant. I'll just grab a fresh tapioca fruit smoothie while I'm there.One of these days I'm going to sample every one of the seemingly dozens of banh-mi sandwiches this wonderful place has to offer. All of them look so interesting it is difficult to choose!
I've had the shrimp patty (good) and the chicken liver -actually chicken liver pate - (great) and have sampled the various dumplings while waiting in line - yes, buy a couple before you get in line if you're hungry because it is usually a long wait.  Once when I arrived there I was overjoyed to see only two people in line ... I waited for nearly an hour, however, since between the two of them (older Vietnamese ladies) they must have ordered 50 sandwiches.
It's a very long drive out there but I tell you it's definitely worth it.
And for god's sake please call ahead if you want 100 sandwiches.If you haven't been to this bakery / restaurant you are missing one of the most fantastic treats on Louisiana. The freshly made meat pies are to die for. The staff is friendly clean and kind. Did I mention the prices? Amazing! Go early, go often! you won't be disappointed.This place is a bit of a mission to get to out to, but trust me, it is well worth it. Dong Phuong supplies baguettes to banh mi places all around NOLA, so simply put, it has a big reputation around the city, so to be in the area and finally be able to try out the restaurant and bakery was a treat. 
I came in for lunch feeling famished. The service was quick and all the staff were friendly and family oriented. We were seated quickly despite the place being completely packed. After I ordered a beef flank pho, I was starving, so walked around the bakery to get some freshly made imperial steamed buns.  Instead of ordering an appetizer, one can do this and eat instantly to satiate one's "hangry" needs.  Other items from the bakery that I tried included the mung bean mini-cake, pete chaud, imperial (green) steamed bun, and meat pie, all of which I got to take home. The savory meat options were absolutely delicious. The meats inside were juicy and seasoned nicely. Real Asian food is hard to come by in NOLA, so here I am giving Dong Phuong 5 stars.
I will be back. I have been eyeing down their King Cakes and Mardi Gras season is approaching.I have had my share of king cake and I was intrigued by the hype of this place.  We got both the plain and cream cheese and normally I'm a plain king cake kind of girl. The plain cinnamon wasn't too sweet and the cream cheese frosting gave it nice balance. The cream cheese filled king cake tasted good but it was a little much for me.  Definitely made it into my top five favorite king cakes.This place has THE BEST banh mi sandwiches ever !!! The sandwiches are always fresh, cheap and made right before your eyes takes them 5 min to put it together I always get the roast beef. Very very good. I think the sandwiches are around 5 dollars. I never really really pay attention to the cost but I know they are very reasonably priced. The pastry sandwiches, the bbq, chicken, and pork are very very tasty and the bread is extremely flaky and fresh. The pistolets are forever fresh flaky hot or warm , cheaply priced and very good. You get 10 for like 8 dollars I think might have been cheaper than that, they are so busy now the bread comes out fresh every 20 min or so.  I ordered a birthday cake here for the kid because I waited too long to order one had no idea this thing would be so delicious, the cake was moist the topping was strawberry really sweet but not too sweet, frosting was whipped, really light and tasty kids loved it. The down side is the place has just won an award for the best king cake so now its crowded all the time, the staff has a funky attitude most of the time ,the parking lot although huge stays packed and looks like   mines went off in it there are humongous craters in the lot that need to be filled with new rocks or something. That king cake was award worthy really really good, so good in fact you couldn't get one unless you were willing to stand in line for HOURS they didn't handle the notoriety well and so we the faithful customers who have been coming here for years enjoying all the good stuff they offer had to suffer. The cookies and cinnamon rolls are equally as good as anything else they sell. There is a restaurant attached next door food is good love the pho and the spring rolls are nice. Again the staff needs retraining and some tips on how to get tips because they have attitudes, could be because they stay so busy... not sure, this is the only bad thing I have to say about this place. I love it, even with the funky service the food is that good. Lol it's worth the trip to the burbs to try this place the prices are so cheap for the quality of food you're getting. I live in walking distance ...ok 2 mins drive so I will continue to fight the new comers to get  my pork bun and banh mi!!Bakery has very good products and bread that melts in your mouth.  The #1 Banh Mi, French Cold Cut is good, I love jalapeno and use it a lot in cooking, but there was too much on it for me.  You may need to tell them to take it easy on the jalapeno.The restaurant will bring flatware, if you ask for it.
The Banh Mi bread is the best thing in NO!I have been to Dong Phuong twice now and everything I have tried has been delicious. I have only had food from the bakery part, but I will be sure to write another review once I get to try the sit down restaurant (if anyone has any recommendations on what to order let me know). If you're looking for a delicious and authentic Banh Mi, this is where to get it. So far I've tried the grilled vietnamese pork bank mi and the roasted chinese pork banh mi. Both were great but I prefer the grilled vietnamese pork.
 I've also tried their BBQ Pork Steamed Buns! I saw them in the case and I had to buy one! Back in 2008 I traveled across China for two weeks. I ate steamed buns almost every day and I haven't had them since. Obviously these were a bit different than the Chinese ones, but crazy good none the less. 
While waiting for my banh mi to be made, I wandered around the bakery looking for something sweet to have after I finished my sandwich. I stumbled upon some of the best damn Mochi I've ever had. It was covered in shredded coconut, was perfectly chewy, and had a not too sweet sesame filling inside! Bottom line if you see it GET IT! Never be afraid to try something new!Not that good.  Summed up as buffet quality food, with less than great service. 
Went here and had the lunch special. I ordered the tofu and vegetables. It comes with egg drop soup and an egg roll. The egg drop soup was average. The tofu and vegetables were also very average. I needed to add soy sauce to get some flavor. The rice was hard as if it was old. The egg roll was pork. Why have only pork egg rolls, especially when ordered with tofu? 
The server came around quickly, took my order, brought my food, and then never returned. Never refilled my water, and I had to ask for my check.Best banh mi I ever had!! & that's after eating banh mi's in Oakland, San Jose, and even Ho Chi Minh City! 
Their bread makes a world of difference. Crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. It doesn't poke the roof of your mouth like most French breads. 
They load you up with meats and their homemade mayo is oh soooo buttery/creamy. 
Their bun bo hue was super flavorful and the duck noodle soup was tasty too! The duck meat fell right off the bone. 
Plus their cafe sua da is larger than most places! I'll probably be dreaming of their banh mis for as long as I shall live.A frequent stop heading home post culinary binge in New Orleans. The lemonade is a refresher and of course the Vietnamese coffee is hard to resist. Have the spring rolls and egg rolls, just treat yourself. Pho is the deal here, pick your protein or go vegetarian. 
Stop and grab French bread loaves and Bahn Mi in the bakery attached on your way out.i grew up a few miles away from dong phuong (and i take personal offense to all the previous comments lambasting the 'hood. hmph!) and our family would come here all the time. their french bread is to DIE for and is our family's prefered homemade po boy bread. their sweets are also amazing. this place is a gem!Out of the way place - been there a while but new to me. Drive around back. Food was excellent, especially if you like a little spicy (sorry, I'm a weanie!) good selection and prices are very reasonable.King cake is perfect!!!! No other in New Orleans matches it. Not even Ran'ñ;:/ buahh.This review is for the restaurant; I haven't had the chance to try the bakery.
Absolutely as good as it gets, the best Vietnamese/Chinese food you'll ever have! 
The food is totally worth the risk you'll take driving out here :)This place is a local favorite and have been around for a while.  We never have a trip to Nola without stopping at DP.  My faves to grab here are the banh mi (#1 and #2) and it's buy 10 get 1 free! You'll love the sandwich.  Service is quick and fast - bubble tea is great as well.  Yummy lunch spots for some of the Vietnamese cuisine favorites (rice plates, pho, bun). They also cater for big parties - just ask!This place is AHHHmazing! Love all their food and service is fast but food still comes out fresh! Staffs are super friendly. And the side bakery is delicious! They have some really authentic asian pastries ... all very tasty! This place is a must try!Very cheap. Bakery is cheap too. Food was quick and great. You are in New Orleans east so it don't get more legit than this place. It was great. Great tapioca ball drink things too. I would go back in a heart beat (if in New Orleans east for some reason)Just passing through, looking for a place to eat.  I don't know how this place gets so many good reviews.  I guess when y'all haven't had better, you don't know what's good or not.  Tried their banh mi (#1), stale bread & meat was so subpar I don't want to say more or it would just be rude.  Also tried pate chaud, it was soggy & disgusting!  Like I said, I don't know why people come here for anythung!  Btw, got to this place early Saturday thinking food would be fresh.  Nope!I award 3.89 stars to the bakery (I haven't eaten at the restaurant half).  I have only been there once so far (it's a ways drive from uptown).  I went with a group so we got a variety of sandwiches.  I liked most of them, a lot of people in our group disagreed.  The bread is awesome, we bought several extra loaves to eat for cheap.  The pork moist meat cake thing is good too.  We got some boba smoothies too, they were delicious.
I look forward to going back and trying more things.  I would also like to eat at the restaurant portion.Food - the food here is AWESOME!! I ordered the Bun Nem Nuong, Bo La Lot (noodles with pork and beef wrapped in green leaf). The meat is so juicy and flavorful. The fish sauce isn't too sweet like the other places. Definitely a must try!!
Service - the ladies are great and warm! They are very inviting and busy!! However, food and drink refills came fast!!
Atmosphere - this is where I took away 1 star. The reason is because the restroom was too small and not that clean.  Otherwise, I'm still going back!!In these parts some peeps refer to the banh mi as a Vietnamese Po Boy!  Go figure!  I'll take a freshly baked baguette at DP over some leidenheimer rolls all day any day.
The person who made our sandwiches took her time to make sure the order was done right!  Since we only ordered like 20 sandwiches!  Yup just your run of the mill order.  We could've called ahead but since DP can be so busy during the day there was no knowing when the order would be complete.   We strategically stopped by first thing when they opened to avoid any potential mess up.  
DP is essentially your quintessential Vietnamese deli in NOLA East that offers coconut milk based desserts to pastries like pate chaud.  It is connected to a separate restaurant next door if you want to dine in as well.  Some of the locals I chatted with told me they drive from BR to buy their baguettes and their sandwiches.  
4 stars for the affordable sandwiches and the pate chaud.  5 stars for the service for completing a big order with no fails.  4.5 stars overall.I always enjoy this restaurant.  The Vietnamese food is consistently high quality.  Always fresh and a great flavor. Today's food experience was just as consistent and enjoyable. 
However, the service today was poor and outside of the norm. We waited for 30 minutes before we were served for any food even though we ordered egg rolls as an appetizer. The diet soda was expired and tasted bad.   We did not even see anyone while we waited the 30 minutes to let them know of the problem.  
The bakery today was as busy as normal.  Remember that if you are interested in bahn mi sandwiches you purchase them in the bakery and not the restaurant.  Be sure to get some french breads for the week while you are there. They are a great price and the best quality in the city.This place has one of the best banh mi ever, in and out of Vietnam. The banh mi dac biet/combo is mind blowing. I also love their rice plate with pork chop. Please add fried eggs!I grew up eating here as a child and the memories never go away.  The food taste great, the service at times can be busy but very friendly.  The bakery has the best banh mi sandwich and it starts with their bread.  I would recommend anyone who is passing thru the area to visit this gem.Meat pies are tasty. I CRAVE their bun bo hue and banh mi (French deli style is my favorite!). Their bun bo hue beats a fan favorite bun bo hue restaurant in Houston and ruins bun bo hue for me at any other restaurant in metropolitan New Orleans.I treck out to the East when I REALLY need my vietnamese fix.  This place can get crowded as buses of people get dumped off in what is seemingly the middle of nowhere to get a taste.  It has almost a cult like following. When I come here I eat at the restaurant and then over to the bakery and STOCK UP!  I first experienced this place at Po Boy fest a few years ago where it was by far the cheapest and best po boy (banh mi) offering there.  I have been hooked ever since.  Worth the drive!!  The prices are cheap and you can get a ton for your moneyStood in line for an hour for king cake and it was worth it! Great flavor. Different than any other king cake I've had. Will for sure be back.this is what dreams are made of when it comes to bahn mi.
punch card?  why yes thank you.This is the best, well-rounded viet food in the area. The bakery rocks too. Grab some Banh mi to go after a steaming bowl of pho.Why have I never had this before? 
Everything is super cheap, super fast, and SUPER DELICIOUS.  I wish...I wish I still lived here.  I didn't try any of the pho here, but the banh mi sandwiches=OMG. Buy 10 get 1 free and all sandwiches are under $3. 
I also really enjoyed their meat pies and the bread was just the right amount of crisp on the outside and softness on the inside. 
Ah...*drool*
Speaking of outsides and insides (yes, corny, I know), they have outside seating, too (two tables with chairs).On the way to New Orleans, after a search with Yelp for place to eat, it leaded us to this place. Our intention was to try its restaurant, but, it's closed at 5pm. (We were 5 minutes late. Boohoo.) Luckily, its bakery was still opened. We ordered a grilled pork and a chicken banh mi (Vietnamese sandwiches). Both were taste good. Bread was crusty, plenty of meat and vegetables. Meat were very tasty. Especially, grilled pork with lemongrass. Almond rolls, pecan and coconut pies were good as well. Not too sweet and pie crust was excellent, very fluffy. Excellent prices and services overall.
The only gripe we have is the location kinda shady.Wanted to explore that area of LA but there wasn't much of the community. This was the only place that looked lively so we stopped by to check it out.
Ended up getting some subs and buns to split. The banh mi were alright, nothing that stood out, the buns looked amazing but it didn't taste all that great. Thumbs down on that part. 
I would have liked to try the restaurant but we ate before we came =\
maybe next time.Good food for a decent price. If I ever visit New Orleans again, I'll definitely try to come here.Everything was great food is amazing food comes out fast great for groups family dining attached to the bakery all around awesomeBest place ever!! We always get pho and coffee. Of course gotta get Banh mi to go! The price went up on the sandwiches but it's still worth it.This restaurant is divided in half one side bakery, other a sit down menu. We ordered boba tea & Vietnamese coffee from the sit-down restaurant and sandwiches from the bakery. The drinks were good and the service was great. Very clean restaurant, polite staff. Unfortunately we were underwhelmed by the banh mi sandwiches. They were a great price ($4) but the texture of the bread was not light with a crunch, but rather dense and almost mealy. The vegetables were in chunks within the sandwich rather than shredded or shaved which made them more difficult to eat.I had to try the Dong Phuong King Cake. My friend highly recomended it. They sell them at Poyfarre Market, call ahead to make sure they are there bc they go quick. This is a pretty awesome king cake. It's thick and heavy, makes me know I am gaining 100lbs when I eat it. I love the icing topping, it's the white thick kind like Manny Randazzo has. I had the pleasure or luck to get a cream cheese filled one. The cream cheese is a slightly different flavor then I used to. I can't quite put my finger on it, but it is not as sweet as you would expect. Overall very good king cake. Would make it a top 5.Like Vietnamese food? Dong Phuong is worth the drive!! They offer amazing, authentic Vietnamese dishes. I got the vermicelli bowl with chicken and pork. The meat was seasoned and cooked perfectly, and the other ingredients were all very fresh. The dish was more than enough food for only $9. The sandwiches are also amazing and very affordable, only $4! You can't leave without trying one of their king cakes during Mardi Gras season. They're amazing. But you have to get there early because they sell out fast! Dong Phuong is a gem that will not leave you wanting!When ever your headed east you have to stop at this jewel of the Vietnamese community. They have the best french bread in the city, period. Many delicious pastries and don't talk about the $3.25 killer Banh Mi, the absolute best in the city. If you are searching for vietnamese food, this is the best.I'm surprised I haven't eaten here more, but I love the food they have here! I just love drizzling fish sauce over my noodles or rice and tearing into the variety of Vietnamese dishes they offer. I eat here regularly for lunch and after having had about 25% of the menu (it's huge), I haven't been disappointed yet. It's definitely out of the way if you are visiting the city, but since I work out in this part of town, it makes for a nice, tasty and light lunch. 
As a bonus, there is a bakery next door that makes some decent sandwiches to go as well as some really good and cheap french bread (perfect for sopping up BBQ shrimp juice!!!)...New Orleans got more than just gumbo and crawfish, y'all. Vietnamese folks have had their imprint and impact on the city as well. This place came highly recommended and it did not disappoint. While my palette may not be too refined, my tastebuds, my nostrils, and my stomach know good food.
My stir-fry came piping hot and piled a mile-high with big chunks of meat and veggies with a side of rice. I had no reason to worry about gluten, milk, or MSG, so my sinuses and tummy were fine. Note the menu does not make any mention of gluten-free options, yet the menu does explicitly urge people to inform the staff of any food allergies.
The food hit the spot, so much so that I had to "rest my eyes" in the car. All that food for ten bucks. Not to mention, this place has a bakery in addition to the restaurant. Smart move. After the meats, get you some sweets.I love Dong Phuong and I'm so glad it is apart of our community and it's like 2 mins from home. the restaurant is always packed here for lunch everyday (except Tuesday they're closed) and Sunday mornings straight outta church. This is a staple here in New Orleans and I have never gotten tired of this place. They have their off days at the restaurant, sometimes, but it happens. I've always returned and the food makes up for the bad experience before (rarely). There are two main servers that has been there since like forever! The shorter Asian lady with the hair tied, back is always pleasant and fun to mess with bc she jokes back with you. Very nice lady! So There are a couple favorites I have here:
1) Bun Rieu (for reaaalllll?) I love love love love love love love this soup. it's a orange almost reddish pork based broth made with mixed eggs (you don't even notice it, it's like egg-drop soup consistency mixed eggs), shrimp, calamari, tofu, minced pork meatballs, coagulated pork blood, tomatos, thin slices of fish cakes, and vermicelli noodles. I add a squeeze of like-heck I throw the whole wedge in there, too, and some some torn up basil leaves to amp the aroma! 
2)Bun Bo Hue (BBH)- people.. I love BUN BO HUE.. but I'm picky on what's in it. some people like their BBH spicy but I don't, they make there's not spicy and let you make it spicy serving it with a side of shrimp paste and sate. the way I like my BBH, it HAS to have three main components (in addition to a flavorful broth of course): Pig Hock/Pig Feet, Coagulated Pig Blood, and the tender brisket ... Today I finally gave it a shot bc I just so happened to be on the hunt for the best BBH. It had all three! They serve this with a side of shredded purple and white cabbage, assortment of herbs like basic and etc, and lime. I take a handful of the cabbages, throw it in, and you already know how I do my lime. it is so good! but I have to admit I've heard they've had days where they were lacking on flavor with the broth so the best way to solve this, is take the fish sauce located with the rest of the squeeze bottles of hoisin and siracha and utensils on your table, and shake in like 4-5 shakes of fish sauce bc it comes out in small, tiny dashes. Incorporate it with the rest of the soup and noodles mixing and whatever around your bowl, taste it, and up to you whether you want to continue to add more or not according to your liking! 
Com Tam Bi Suon Them Ap La- broken rice with grilled Vietnamese marinated pork chops, some shredded pork (not sure how to say it English), with a Sunnyside egg and Nuoc Mam Cham. they add pickled vegetables to the dish and a side of their house soup in a small little bowl on the side. Now the way I was taught to attack this plate is first to cut my pork chop in bite size pieces, mix the "Bi" aka the shredded pork in with my rice and then pour the small bowl of nuoc mam over my rice and meat, then break the yolk over the eggs, and Voila! dive in. the soup I just sip spoonful to wash down the rice and meat. 
For the Bakery:
I like getting their banh mi on the go to work or school or as a treat for my friends/family out of town. They hook up the (home made) patè and (home made) butter on the sandwiches, bread ALWAYS FRESHLY MADE and crunchy. I usually get the French cold cuts (I forget what number it is on the board), the meatball (Xiu Mai), andddd yeah that's it haha! 
My mom likes to send me out to the bakery all the time to buy the fresh-made daily bread to bring home when she cooks certain things that pair up with it like beef stew or curry. The bread is by far the BEST FRENCH bread in the city. and you bet your button that majority of these restaurants in New Orleans use DP's French bread! I've encounter several restaurants that uses their bread, I know it when I see it, feel it, and taste it! it is really good! 
Dong Phuong is the best. Fin.Needed a veggie plate.  I ordered vermicelli tofu with spring roll.  Great dish, very filling!This is a nice Vietnamese Restaurant for a quick lunch or dinner, they also have a little bakery shop connected nextdoor, the bakery sells all kinds of baked goods that are very good also, my favorite is the BBQ Pork Bun and Steam bun...YUMThis review covers both the restaurant and the bakery. It is also written with Chicago Vietnamese food standards in mind. 
We made the trek out to Dong Phuong because M. has a hankering for soup wherever we go, and nothing quite satiates a soup craving like good pho. 
Let me first state that driving to DP is itself an adventure; 30 min out from NoLa is really pushing any good foodie's patience, and having to trek through a sketchy neighborhood is enough to truly reconsider how badly you want this food. But man, were our tummies happy as we left!
We ordered a French Cut banh mi (slices of shank, flank, and potato) and 2 dessert cups (1 blend of mung bean and coconut milk, and 1 of tapioca, banana, and coconut milk) from the bakery. The banh mi is a total steal -- $3 for a sandwich?! We pay twice as much in Chicago! The sandwich meat is generous, but the banh mi lacks the spice and vinegar-y, garlicky zip that we're used to. The dessert cups were not to our tastes; the mung bean tasted sour and slightly spoiled and dominated by the coconut milk. 
In the restaurant, we ordered four different varieties of pho (with house beef variety, flank, beef + tendon and pho duc biet) as well as a shrimp and sugar cane noodle dish. The pho was pretty standard (the soup was excellent, good helpings of basil, bean sprouts, and lime to keep you going), but the shrimp and sugar cane dish was disappointing. The "shrimp" turned out to be fish cakes and the leftovers we packed home may never be eaten. 
For reviewers who aren't familiar with the prototypical Asian restaurant -- expect haphazard service, poor attention to decor, and a grimy table surface that may or may not have been cleaned since the last customer's lunch. The food is good but only worth it to those who are willing to look past certain restaurant standards. 
Asian restaurant standards: +3 stars for food, +1 star for helpful server
For "general" restaurant standards: +3 stars for food, +1 star for service, -1.5 stars for general cleanliness and decor.Made a quick stop here after visiting the Vietnamese farmer's market on Alcee Fortier Blvd. (Saturdays 6am-9am). This was my second visit to the bakery; I've yet to dine at the restaurant, but I've eaten their excellent bahn mi sandwiches before.
After gazing at the variety of baked goods, I picked up some bahn mi loaves and a pack of cinnamon rolls. (Here's a tip: Pick your loaves before gazing. At five for $2, they go fast.) The rolls are decently sized, have a light drizzle of frosting, and are more like brioche than your typical sweet roll. $3.50 for a pack of six.
I wasn't aware that Dong Phuong also makes a few Hispanic baked goods, so I bought what the wrapper said was a Quesadilla (Cheese Cake). It looks like a small pound cake, and it's dense like pound cake, but it tastes like lightly sweetened cornbread. The label lists six ingredients: wheat flour, cornmeal, cream cheese, eggs, skim milk, and baking powder. $1.25 for one 2 ounce cake.
The next time I visit I may try something more exotic, like the meat pies or steamed buns. Not so sure about the cakes with durian fruit.
Even though Dong Phuong is all the way out in N.O. East, you can get there by taking the Broad Street bus (line #94). The way the route runs you'll have to get off at Alcee Fortier Blvd. & Chef Menteur Hwy. and walk two blocks, but there is a bus stop by the restaurant to take you back to town. Go to www.norta.com for more information.Best King Cake & Banh Mi you will ever find, everything else is also amazing. Plenty of variety - baked goods, and traditional vietnamese dishes. Worth the trip from wherever.You're going to come to New Orleans and at some point you're going to talk about Pho and Banh Mia and a local is going to jump in a say " you have to go to Dong Phuong" well listen to that person because you really have to go! 
Now it's a bit of a drive but suck it! The menu is extensive like pages and pages of authentic Vietnamese food. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is huge so perfect for groups. 
I always get Pho, whichever one you get you won't be disappointed they are delicious. Same applies to the Banh Mia, the bread is baked in house and they are some of the biggest in the city. They will be made right in front of your eyes which will make your mouth water and eat them right away. 
Now if you're here during Carnival season make sure you get a king cake from them but be ready to wait in line. 
I will def be back and start making my way through the menu and will make sure to tell y'all about the new things I find.This is the home kitchen Vietnamese restaurant that you can either get your Americanized food, or a more Vietnamese meal. Seriously. For those who don't have your own mode of transportation, be warned, this is in the middle of New Orleans East. If you Uber or taxi out here, it might be difficult to get a ride back. Seriously. Way out of the city proper. The parking lot is dusty, and can be worse depending on how dry the weather has been.
That said, this is so worth the trip. I have dined at the restaurant side and gotten food from the bakery side to go.
The restaurant side has a wide variety on the menu, from your more American choices like sweet and sour chicken to what I got on my most recent visit of beef and rice. The service is just perfect. To eat in the restaurant, go to the door on the left when facing the building and wait to be seated. They do have boba tea. 
On the bakery side, it is small, but they are always bringing in fresh baked goods. You can also get a Banh Mi sandwich that is freshly made right in front of you. The Asian club at the University of New Orleans would order a ton of the Banh Mi from here for their events, which is awesome. The cakes are amazing looking. I have only ever tried their cupcakes, but I am in love with them. They are known for their king cakes during Mardi Gras, and several places in the city proper sell them. They sell out quickly every where. Seriously within minutes at the beginning of the season, within hours in the middle, and back to minutes by the end of the season. Get it while the getting is good.
I think this is a winner for anyone. I am not sure about the vegetarian options. I am so glad a friend of mine dragged me here for the first time a couple of years ago. It is also near my workplace, so it is convenient for that when I have to go in to work.Really enjoyed the wonton combination soup..service was awesome and it very family friendly.By far the best bahn mi I have ever had . Extremely fresh and fast. We visit from Slidell every chance we get , sometimes several times a week. Everything I have tried there has been amazing . Not to mention the prices are incredible .Amazing banh mi! Let's start with the bread which is baked fresh every few hours it seems. The first time I came here, I had no idea what I was getting into. I found Dong Phuong by doing no other than a Yelp search. A coworker and I happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to give it a shot. I walked into the bakery and there were probably about 10 people just hanging out. I ventured over to the sandwich counter and asked if they were still serving sandwiches. The woman said yes but they were waiting for bread. I said, okay. I'm confused so I start talking to the others and they all said they were waiting for the bread and regaling me with stories about how incredible it is. Finally, after about 15 minutes or so, someone walks in with bags of freshly baked french bread and puts it in the bin. All of a sudden, all of the people who were waiting ran to the bins and started throwing loaves of french bread in bags. Just like pigs in a trough. I was a bit taken back. So, I walked back over to the sandwich counter and wait for my turn to order. I ordered 3 of the combination sandwiches. I had one, gave one to my coworker (who was popping his banh mi cherry) and I saved the third one. I fell in love at first bite! Suddenly, I understood why everyone was here! I had a moment of clarity! The bread - crusty on the outside but so chewy and delicious inside! I continued eating my sandwich and just took in the tastes of pate, meat, and pickled vegetables. My coworkers also loved his sandwich. I had to stop myself from instantly gorging on the last sandwich. I ate it the next day and it was still as incredible, even after sitting in the fridge overnight. I've been here a couple of times since and each time is like the first. I want one now.So I heard about this place via social media and word of mouth. I was told that this place had the best king cake in New Orleans and that I had to try it. People raved about this king cake. So of course I had to try it. I went to NOLA and this was my first stop
It's off Chef Menteur Hwy. like all the way down. It's not the best looking place but when we pulled in the parking lot there was no where to park. I went into the bakery part and I asked for a king cake. There was a major language barrier but they were nice. One lady said sold out. The other told me go outside. I was like huh? Outside? So another patron said you have to go outside and get a ticket
This is where all the people were....... there was a stand with a man and a woman giving out tickets. Each person gets 2 tickets because you can get a max of 2 king cakes at a time.
I followed suit and I got tickets. I waited about 30 min. This was the best group of people to be standing in a line for king cake with.
I get on social media and I show ppl that I have 2 king cakes from Dong Phuong. I get home and my dad is already not excited when I tell him where I got it from ..... LOL
I cut into it just knowing this was about to be the best cake ever..... Boy was I completely disappointed. To me, it was was just king cake . Now the dough is the texture of a croissant and the icing is light but meh....... I wasn't blown away.
If you want to post that you had it from here go  try it. If you want a good king cake. Go some where else.When I'm at home I'm the weekends and can remember this is my go to place for pho. Not to mention I never order bahn mi from anywhere else from here....other places are too overpriced. 
The attached bakery has tons of goodies. The best French bread in the city and my fav are the chocolate chip cookies . 
A little off the beaten path but it's worth the drive.So if you haven't already heard, this is one of the top places for a king cake in Nola. I recently stopped there to pick up some king cakes and decided to see what else they offered while I was there. I tried these buns things stuffed with various items. The had breakfast ones with sausage and eggs and bbq pork ones and a few others. I noticed a lot of people were buying there bread but I have not tried it. Definitely worth a try in my opinion, can't beat the king cake that's for sure!Best pate chaud hands down!! My family always visits here whenever we go to New Orleans. We ate at the restaurant too and I ordered their Vietnamese galbi, which was pretty goodWhat can I say?? I've lived in the east for the entire 23 years of my life and DP never fails me. From their fresh bread (French baguette/banh mi) to their delicate pate chaud (meat pies)... everything is unique and special in flavor and quality!
My family, friends and I come in to eat mainly the rice dishes and pho on the restaurant side. If you're looking for more quick, on the go bites I would highly recommend picking up a special banh mi or pastry from the bakery side. Lots of meat and vegetarian options available!!!
As for the restaurant side I always recommend the shaking beef rice plate (bo luc Lac), Korean ribs rice plate or pork chop rice plate (com suon/thit nuong). Their pho is so so special as well especially if you're ever hungover!! Great huge portions and very reasonably priced.Absolutely love this spot! Egg drop soup is to die for, grilled shrimp and their veggie rolls...Whoa!Very clean with delicious looking bakery items.  The Banh Mi Phap had a thin layer of crunchy crust and pillowy soft white tasty bread inside, how do they do that????  Cinnamon rolls, soft, buttery cinnamon, pack of 6 nice size rolls.  Definitely worth the trip.Lots of pastries, soy bean milk, bread, and Che for decent prices. Large parking lot, but no seats (more like a grab and go kind of place). I would come back if I'm in the area!It's the best king cake in town. I just wish no one else knew that. But I guess the secret is out.
If you're really serious about this place, come out here when it's not Mardi Gras. Their meat pies are the best I've ever had. Their banh mi is some of the best in town - and made the way it's supposed to be made with the right ingredients (hams, pork pate, other forms of pork). Their desserts (other than king cakes) are also great (lots of cake rolls, although they seem to make just about anything you want in the bakery). And while you're at it pick up a bunch of cheap French bread loaves to take home with you.
This is the place to pop into if you want some food on the go on your way to work, to fish out in da East, or to show your friends visiting New Orleans a (literal) different side of the city.Just go! Get up on Saturday morning drive out to the east and stock up on your baked goods and banh mis for the week. Also the flaky pastry meat pie things, I forgot what they are called, but go. You probably won't make it home without eating half of what you bought.This is both a restaurant and bakery of wonderful cakes, pastries, and French bread (with which they make wonderful bahn mi).  Dong Phuong provides their delicious bread for bahn mi to almost all of the other Vietnamese restaurants in town and I greatly love their bread.  The restaurant has a large selection of items and you can have any type of pho you want as long as its beef.  You can get a banh mi on the bakery side and bring it over to eat in the restaurant side.  Service can often be slow and sporadic depending on how crowded it is.  This is certainly one of the more unique places you can eat at in the New Orleans area with such an interesting selection of food available with both the bakery and restaurant providing an excellent spread of choices.Had Pho with flank and soft tendon.  Broth was quite bland.  Price is right.Bahn Mi and Pho are exceptional and the prices extremely reasonable. I will return next time I'm in the area.Delicious. Not the most safe place if you are vegetarian. Plenty of meat:vegetarian cross contamination.