I could smell the food from the parking lot so I was anxious to eat only to be greeted by a not so friendly host who was reluctant to let me look at the menu while I waited because "we only have 200" and I was told my wait would be 30 mins.  Fifty mins later I was told they seated someone else under my name but I would be next.  The food was not as good as Willie Mae's and the service was horrible.  I was unable to get a refill on my water and the server appeared annoyed. 
Most customers ordered the buffet so I am not sure how the servers were spending there time.  My advice would be to stop in and enjoy the art and leave!!!Dooky Chase's Restaurant is one of the true classic New Orleans restaurants that stands up to the test of time. Have been a few times over the last few years, and the food and service are always excellent. Most recently went for lunch and opted for the buffet. All of the options (and there were many, including shrimp and lima beans, Jambalaya, shrimp Creole, fried catfish, and the famous fried chicken) were hot, fresh, and well-executed. The shrimp and okra gumbo is not to be missed.My party of three were all surprised by the lovely dining area.  Our servers were all very personable.   I must admit that I was not impressed with the fried chicken.  Don't get me wrong--it was good.  It had crispy batter and was moist, but it was rather "plain" with regard to flavor.  I did, however really enjoy a number of the other dishes on the buffet.  The fried catfish was amazing, although getting it off the bone was a challenge.  The potato salad was among the best I've ever had.  The shrimp and beans were also a stand out.  The peach cobbler--also great.  So, bottom line--this is a great deal.  For the price you really can't beat it, and there are so many delicious items beyond the fried chicken that will knock your socks off.Seems like people who are leaving the bad reviews are people who opted for the buffet. Don't do it. Just order the fried chicken entree. They make that to order so there's about a 25 mins wait, but so worth it!!! Also, get the gumbo! It was deeeelicious! Packed with flavor with the right amount of kick. Will def be back whenever we come back to NOLA :)This place is overated. The food was just ok. And the waitress with the short untamed red/orange hair was EXTREMELY RUDE!! Her name is Keyshaun!! RUUUN!! The only reason she got a tip was because of the automatic gratuity chargeMy husband and I were excited to try this place like everyone else from hearing awesome comments about everything. 
Arrival: We arrived a little after 11am which is when they opened. Around noon the place was filled up so I would suggest arriving early. Just a heads up my husband had on a jersey and had to put a shirt over top because his arms were out. We were seated after that. 
Food: I ordered the buffet option and my husband ordered seafood platter from the menu. The buffet was a nice selection. The fried chicken was my favorite. I wasn't a fan of the Mac and cheese. The other options were pretty standard including green beans, salad, potatoes, and rice. They were pretty good. 
Overall experience: We had a good time and experience overall. It's nice to go inside and see all of the artwork on the walls. The story behind the restaurant also makes you want to support it. It's definitely worth at least a one time, I have been, Experience.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d426333-r585669600-Dooky_Chase-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Very slow, rude waitress and mediocre food. The food itself wasn't awful, it just took too long and the attitude of the staff was very insulting.Overall great food-best Mac and cheese EVER! Good solid fried chicken. Was not a big fan of the greens (And I usually love greens)! Good service and friendly staff. Also a great place for people watching-you will feel comfortable here.I'm trying to not destroy this place bc I love my ppl and I really believe in supporting black businesses BUT this place was the epitome of the stereotypical black bullshyt you encounter when you try to support your OWN. What makes it even WORST is this shyt took place in NEW ORLEANS...the food capital of America. First off.. THE FOOD WAS GARBAGE!!! Canned okra, canned greens and bag salad..yes BAG SALAD from the local hood grocery store. It looked so bad we didn't even atempt to eat it. Ordered drinks and the server forgot bring it. My dad ordered the chicken creole and it was horribly unseasoned  I express again...THE FOOD WAS GARBAGE. It left us all sitting there wondering what the hype was all about and why in the hell were all these ppl eating here. Poor table sitting behind us were seated before our table and we got all our food, complained to the manager and paid and by time we were leaving they were JUST getting their food!!! Lmao. Crazy. The place had 2 servers for the whole restaurant on a FRIDAY NIGHT!! God damn shame! So you know the service was slow and horrible. I finally got up and asked for the manager. I complained about the service and the horrible food and requested to remove all items from my ticket so me and my fam could get the fuck outta there. The manager apologized but had an attitude that I complained about experience. Her response was the food was not good "According to your taste" with a slick undertone. The bill was over $100 and she only offered to take $50 off the bill. I shouldn't have paid for shyt but bc I LOVE my ppl...I paid $50 for not eating anything but a cup of gumbo and wasting 2 hrs of my night. I'm sure at some point this place had legendary food but this is no longer the case. See all other recent reviews and DO NOT GO HERE FOR DINNER. N.O. had many other places where you can get the good New Orleans cruisine you came for. PeaceIf you have ever watched Doctor Who, Dooky Chase is like walking into the Tardis. The neighborhood is SCARY!!! My kids were begging me to not get out of the car. HA! We did though. The outside of the building matches the neighborhood. The inside is super classy. Pictures of presidents and prime ministers that have eaten there. She was the inspiration for a character in Disney's Princess and the frog. We showed up at a slow time. The lunch buffet was running. My husband, son daughter and myself chose the variety of the buffet. The chicken was wonderful and my family couldnt get enough. The rest of the selections were plain and disinteresting. Some even too salty. Our waitress only had one table besides ours and I overheard her telling our waterboy that she wasnt going to wait on our whiteasses....quote. Our waterboy, turned waiter was very embarassed and was wonderful to us! We tipped him generously. I wont go back though.It pains me to do this but I don't know what went wrong this time because the food was not as good as I remembered. We got the lunch buffet which sounded divine as the waiter started to go over it and since they were out of half of the entrees on the menu we figured that that would be out best bet. We figured wrong. The red beans & rice were good, but that was about the only thing. The fried chicken was dry, which is why I prefer dark meat, which is also where all the fat is, but I digress. The cuts of chicken were unrecognizable. No drumsticks, or wings just sliced up sections which looked like the breast. The creamed chicken casserole was salty. The greens and string beans were okay but the meatballs had a weird texture and taste to it. Like more filler, less meat! It's unfortunate to because I was looking forward to bringing the family here when they got in town for graduation. The only other saving grace was the Arnold Palmer was which good, but the crust on the peach cobbler was a little on the thick side.What a disappointing experience at the restaurant on Orleans Ave.  We were told that we "must" experience this establishment before we leave New Orleans. To begin, we were coming w/a large party (9). We started calling around 4pm to see if reservations were required. No one EVER answered the phone so we drove over assuming there may be a bit of a wait since it was a Friday night. When we arrived the hostess greeted us by saying.."you must have a reservation" which was fine but we did not expect to be left feeling like we were completely inconveniencing and annoying the hostess that was seating us.  We waited about 40 minutes and she comes back to say, that she can seat us but it will be at two separate tables. This was not our choice but we understood since we did not have a reservation. As we are trying to decide how to split our party up, she again looks "very" annoyed and began to get very short and "snappy" with our guest. She was telling us where we "must" sit.  My son walks over to her to ask her a question and she replies .."I am only speaking to the person who is paying the bill". I was only made aware of this comment after we exited the restaurant; otherwise I would have addressed her on the subject at that moment. By the time we were seated I had completely lost ALL enthusiasm with regard to patronizing this establishment. I could not have cared less about the quality of the food, the level of service (that had been proven itself in the deficit already) or what famous people (President Obama) had eaten there before me. 
After being seated, I sat there 3 min and just did not feel good about supporting this business. I gathered my 8 other guest and told them that I refused to patronize an establishment that made me feel like they were doing me a favor to serve me.. (a paying customer).
The hostess appeared to be an employee that has worked there for many years (I could be wrong) but clearly seemed to be knowledgeable & running the front dining area. She was an older African American woman( fair complexion). If you happen to visit this particular establishment let this hostess  know that you've read this review on yelp and that you expect a much better experience that the one that you've just read about on yelp,  
Signed Not Angry, Just Disappointed.Wow. 
I'll say it again louder for those in the back.
WOW!!!
Why this place has some low reviews I'll never understand. First, the food: Everyone comes here for the chicken, & it is incredible, but there's so much more. All the sides I had were awesome, especially the rice & beans, the hot sausage, & the corn pudding. Even the asparagus soup, which I took a bit of only to be polite (I don't care for asparagus) was addictive!
Second, the service. They only take reservations for groups of five or more, so my wife & I had to wait just over an hour, but the hostess was polite & organized. The waitstaff was fine, but we had the buffet and only drank water, so there wasn't much for her to do. 
Third, the atmosphere. Beautiful decor, inspiring art, & the feeling that you're eating in an IMPORTANT restaurant for all that Dooky & Leah have done for the community. 
One of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. Don't believe the low reviews. You should eat here. I'll be back!An iconic chef and culture bearer, Leah Chase, is at the helm here. The dining room exudes a warm atmosphere one would associate with the a family member (if they were nice :) ). I was torn between the buffet and the Shrimp Clemenceau (sp?), decided on the buffet. Fried Chicken, Mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, salad, smothered cabbage and PEACH COBBLER. I was there catching up with a friend and it was lovely. Bonus that we could spy the lady herself being interviewed in a separate space as we exited. She had on a signature bright colored chef coat (pink) and looked like she was laughing. Heart melt!!!!!worst dining experience ever. not exaggerating. Severely short staffed, sat for 30 min before staff took drink order, another hour for drinks to arrive. Martini...all olive juice. "Mint julep" gritty green swamp juice. Dry salad came out with two Toll House crackers on it, food out lukewarm, salty, nasty. Staff kept saying oh we are checking on that, empty pledge. Manager was inept at checking in, common courtesies, bill came with built in 20% gratuity. Yea right. Bathroom disgusting, Kleenex boxes out for paper towel. Would never ever return to this "restaurant"The chicken is okay. It's juicy and the flavor is all there but the menu is simple. Coming from California if your menu only has a few selections to pick from, shouldn't it be quick (like In n Out)? Well, It isn't. The wait was long to get seated (45 minutes) and another 20 minutes to get the "Dookey Style" chicken. That's a lot of waiting. A lot. Especially if you spent the whole morning on a hot, humid albeit fun airboat tour.Great lunch buffet and fantastic chicken!!!! Also the best red beans I have every had!!!  Good people and very nice atmosphere!!!  As seen on TV, perfect!!!We went for the lunch buffet. Slow service, over-cooked food. Fried chicken was just OK. Had high hopes based on friends recommendation. Not for me!If you ever wanted to taste the soul of New Orleans then search no more   Dooky Chase is the place.  From presidents to laborers, all have enjoyed food from Queen Leah Chase's spoon.We made reservations for a party of about 20 for a Friday night and were seated in the back area of the dining room, which was nice as it isolated a group a bit from the main dining floor.  The restaurant has a lot of character and history attached to it even though the neighborhood is a bit wore down.  Service was a bit slow even though the restaurant was not filled.  Everyone enjoyed their food and thought the restaurant was a good selection.  Those who selected the fried chicken were especially pleased.  I had the stuffed shrimp and would pass on ordering them again.  I was a bit surprised that the dinner menu was so limited in choices.  My grandkids and myself were invited to visit with Mrs. Chase in the kitchen and that was fun.  She still helps with the cooking.  This restaurant is worth a visit.  You will find better food in the Big Easy but few places have this level of character and history.Dooky Chase is a restaurant that I would not have otherwise visited if I had not visited if I was not watching the Travel Channel rave about the sweet potato pie. The segment charmed me and the Disney fans in my mother and me could not resist the restaurant owned by the woman who inspired the main character of The Princess and the Frog. 
From the outside, the restaurant is kind of unassuming. We passed by it multiple times when we were trying to find it. Once you step through the doors, though, the inside of the restaurant is far more elegant and pretty than we expected. We were there for lunch on a Thursday, so the restaurant wasn't too crowded and we had no wait. 
We went with the lunch buffet and we were impressed with our meal from beginning to end. The white bean soup was full of flavor, the chicken was fried to perfection, and  the sausages were amazing.  I also loved the beans and rice. Most surprising on the menu, however, were the meatballs. I had initially, passed them under the assumption that I shouldn't waste precious buffet stomach space on something I can get anywhere. All I have to say is try them.  They're not like your typical meatballs. We topped off the meal with some great peach cobbler. I was satisfied for the rest of the day.
Not only was the food good, but the ambiance was great. They make you feel like you're at home, a quality that's hard to come by in most places these days. 
I only wish that the restaurant was open for dinner or on weekends. I would have loved to take the rest of our travel group back there.We went here around 2:00 & waited about 40 mins to be seated. All around the food was okay, mediocre at best. I wouldn't go again, but I don't regret trying it. I had the buffet, and the chicken was good, everything else was just alright. The fried shrimp was plain.This year, NOLA has redeemed itself with me, cuisine-ly (new word, get hip to it!).
Dooky Chase was on the list for this year and did not disappoint.  We went for the buffet and everything on it was delish.  The fried chicken was golden crunchy, moist and not greasy.  Those sausages were the highlight for me.  The green beans, mac and cheese, red beans and rice were all stars.  The peach "cobbler" wasn't what us northeners are used to.  DC's cobbler was more like a peach bread pudding.  We like our kind of cobbler with the strips of dough better.  
To look at DC from the outside, you never think the inside would look like it does.  Maybe a house that was re-done for a dining room, it really is a nice place to dine.  Overall, a great experience.Ok the friend chicken was excellent some of the best I've had. The gumbo was good as well. That's about it. The sides were not good greens were salty and Mac and cheese was dry. My friends got the red beans and rice  and chicken I tasted the red beans and rice and was very disappointed. Dooky Chase  is a beautiful place. I recommend going just for the experience alone but be patient because the wait will try you and the FRIED CHICKEN is all you need! LolCame here because I saw a Bon Appetite video on fave book.   
We arrived 15min before they opened for lunch Buffett and there was no line. 
We got seated right away and waitress came and tended to us right away. 
First you'd order your drink then go grab a plate and serve your self some food because it was a Buffett. There was a gentlemen behind the table helping you on getting things. 
Then as part of the Buffett lunch, a bowl of Mrs. Chase famous gumbo was served. Which was delicious!!! 
For $20 a person I was able to get about 2.5 full plates. 
The salad was nothing special. The pickled sides and potato salad was really good. 
The Lima beans and rice was amazing. It had shrimp in it. 
The greens was AMAZING. Like any greens prepared in NOLA. 
I didn't get to try the shrimp and squash. 
The pasta and shrimp crawfish sauce was amazing. The sauce had a lot of shrimp and crawfish in it! 
The fried catfish was good, but nothing really wowed me there. 
Fried chicken and Hot Sausage was THE best part. The sausage was not that spicy (or I just have a high tolerance). The fried chicken was crispy and tender, no wonder if won an award for it. 
Peach cobbler was not as sweet (just as I like my dessert) but I wasent blown away with it. 
The waitress was super nice to us. To sit in a room with so much history was an amazing experience.The crab soup was the only thing that was good. Waited over 45 minutes for my food (fried chicken & fried seafood platter). Food came out at room temperature. Our waitress was nice but only saw her 3 times. Some of the waitress were Socializing too much. We barely ate our food and left. Would not recommend. Save your money & go to a local eatery and you love the food. 
The history behind the restaurant is great but unfortunately the food & service isn't.After waiting for at least ten minutes to be acknowledged, we were directed to a table.  The service from multiple staff members was unsatisfactory.  We weren't offered a drink menu and when we requested it, it took at least 10 minutes to get the menus and another 15 before she came back.  The food was average and the red beans were not seasoned at all. The best part was the stewed chicken. They forgot to give us garlic bread and we had to wait a while to have our water refilled. Overall, the service AND the food pretty much guarantee I won't be back.The best thing that I ate here. Was the fried catfish and the gumbo. The buffet was quite expensive at $20 per person.The servers were nice and it is good to say I experienced it but I will not be back anytime soon.A local relative of my wife joined us to check out this famous restaurant in Tremé. I was particularly excited to experience their take on Louisiana-influenced soul food. 
The ambiance was awesome and the servers were on point. But the food itself was a let-down.
Each of us ordered the buffet. The consensus was that it was just okay.  I don't mind paying a premium $20 (plus extra for drinks) for a buffet but I expected to be blown away...or at least to have seen a seafood option. 
It's very possible that the entrees are of a higher quality. However, as the location is out of the way for visitors, I don't see us coming by again to give it a chance anytime soon.The food and staff was awesome!  Nice ambiance fitting to the New Orleans style! Dress is semi casual for dinner.  Will definitely recommend this to anyone visiting NOLA.My sister and I ate here in 2008 when we attended the Essence Music Festival.  The service was grand and the food was excellent!  
Starting with the service, we were greeted by Ms. Leah Chase's husband who sat us at our table.  Following his introduction, their grandson was our waiter!  Very handsome and very knowledgeable of the menu.  
The food was out of this world!! I ordered the fried chicken and was told that it would be a 30 minute wait.  I was fine with the wait and very pleased with the chicken!  It was well seasoned and the pieces were meaty and juicy.  We also each had the gumbo and while I do not eat beef or pork, I ate all of the andouille sausage in my bowl!  We finished our meals with dessert that we took back to our hotel, again, very pleased!
We were even able to meet Ms. Leah Chase and took a picture with her.  It was indeed an honor!!  We definitely plan to attend again when we go back to New Orleans!Waited @2 hours for mediocore food. Had to wait ab addirinal 20 minutes for the staff to restock the buffet. Greens taste like Glory Greens, chicken was tasteless and bloody...was not impressed.Pros: The food is phenomenal. Period. I am still dreaming about the fried chicken I ate here. The lunch buffet was excellent. I never thought I would ever like split pea soup, but I was won over by the smokey ham flavor. When my husband let our waiter know that we were on our honeymoon, we were invited to meet Mrs. Chase. She is a very sweet woman.
Cons: I was confused when I walked in the door. There was a room of patrons chatting and eating and occasionally looking up as they enjoyed their food. Several waiters buzzed around the room, but no one acknowledge us for at least 10 minutes. It was very awkward standing in the doorway, waiting to be talked to. I wish someone would have at least said, "I'll be with you in a few minutes."
When we were finally seated at a table, we waited another 15 minutes for our waiter. He said that there was confusion on who would get our table. My husband waited patiently for our waiter to take our drink order,and ask what we would be eating. I was tired of waiting, and grabbed a plate of food before he ever came by.
Maybe others would rate this way down for the bad service, but fortunately, ( or unfortunately?), THE FOOD IS WORTH IT.We came here not knowing what to expect as it was recommended by someone. Definitely get there about 15-30 minutes before they open. It's cute inside and everyone from the hostess to the servers were warm and welcoming. We had the lunch buffet . It was a small set up with a lot of amazing amazing food. The salad bar was great and the dressings flavorful. But the green beans were to die for. So so amazing! The fried chicken had the lightest and crispiest crust I have ever had. Next time we are in NOLA we will most definitely be returning!Flew into NOLA for the weekend & was very happy to find Dooky's open for dinner.  Dropped off bags at hotel & headed there immediately.  Oyster appetizer was excellent!  Two in our party ordered fried chicken & two had crawfish special.  The food was phenomenal, service was great, & everyone on staff seemed genuinely happy to serve & be part of the Dooky team!We had reservations on a Friday night with a group of friends.  Service was slow, even though the restaurant was not crowded. The drink menu was super confusing to look at like someone had trouble with formatting.. I ordered the broiled pork chops even after being warned that it was two thin ones vs one thick one. Omg, the chops were barely cuttable. It was as if they'd been boiled and then microwaved. They came with a bed of (canned) sweet potatoes. Everyone else was pretty underwhelmed at their food but mine was the yuckiest. My boyfriend had the stewed chicken creole and okra. He liked it but thought the gumbo portion was very small for $8.. Also the macaroni side was small but good. Not worth the tripThis place has been on my list for a long time and it didn't let me down. From the Rum Punch to the fried Chicken it was all good!!  Great stop while in the NO!!Worst service I've ever experienced. Rarely saw waiters in the room. Told it would be a 10 min wait and it took an hour. The buffet looked like vultures cleared it and never saw it refilled.My NaNa insisted I visit Dooky Chase when she found out I was visiting New Orleans. A short drive away from my hotel on Common we got there for Friday dinner before 5pm. Lucky for us a kind server let us into the bar area early as we was "cold" out.
Service was a little hit or miss. Our actual waitress wasn't very good, but the man in charge of water made sure our cups were never empty and the gentleman who let us in earned himself a tip by being so accommodating.
I tried the Creole Queen drink which was nice but not as strong as many drinks I had while in town. I also ordered the stuffed shrimp which were to die for! I could eat them everyday and the shrimp were huge. Also ordered the greens which weren't as spicy as I would have liked but nothing some tabasco didn't improve.
Looking forward to being in town during the week to try out the lunch buffet.Had a great pre-Thanksgiving dinner there!
Note: This was a private party where we had the whole place to ourselves. Leah Chase came out and visited with everyone after the meal. She is quite a lady! Very warm, humble and genuine! Awesome
experience!
Ok here is what we had:
Appetizer: gumbo. Very delicioso!
Salad: Fried green tomatoes with BBQ shrimp. YUM!
Entrees and sides: Fried chicken (spicy and tasty), fried fish, mac & cheese, turkey and gravy (of course), cranberries, oyster stuffing (awesome!), collard greens and candied sweet potatoes (both were excellent!)
Dessert: Peach cobbler with whip cream (YUMO!)Service was horrible. Food wasn't special. The buffet offered very limited selections. Disappointed overall.The lunch buffet was absolutely unappetizing. We ordered from the menu because of this and received meals that were beyond disgusting. I'm appalled that they sent this food out. Recommend: DONOT GO.. save your cab fare!!!!If you're looking for the best food in New Orleans,
this is it right here. James Beard Award Winner,2016,
Chef Leah Chase takes authentic Creole cuisine 
to the very top! Every biteful is a taste of history. 
You must make this the #1  place to experience 
on your New Orleans foodie adventure.One word EXCELLENT!!! Nothing else to sat from start to end great experience.. MUST visit!I must say that she does serve some good New Orleans home cooking. Something you can get at very few places around the city these days.Had a wonderful time here. The atmosphere brought me back to a different era and walls of fine art and photographs of prominent figures who have graced the space reinforced that. The service was lovely and the food was real as real could get - I felt honored & humbled to have my meal cooked by a James Beard award recipient and a legend who's still rockin' it in the kitchen at 93 years old. 
I wanted it all so I went for the buffet - the oyster soup, fried chicken and shrimp creole & jambalaya left me eating twice as much I usually do. And when I thought that couldn't get better, the peach cobbler gave me a taste of heaven on earth.Enjoyed the visit for the most part. Buffet was average at best, surprised they had macaroni and cheese as an option.  Also ordered an ala carte item which takes 20 minutes to get to you.  Our server Rhonda was very patient, polite and mannerable however, more attention must be paid to the details such as time between checking on customers needs and the amount of time to recieve the check was excessive.This was the best meal all week here in Nola. Got a chance to talk with a Living Legend in the food industry.  She shared some nuggets of Wisdom.If I could give no stars I would certainly have considered doing so. The hostess was great and my crab soup was delicious but the seafood platter was really awful. The pecan pie wasn't far behind but I think someone who's a fan of pecan pie may have enjoyed this more than I did.  Underwhelming is an understatement I was totally let down by this experience. I've had better fried fish from my local fish market.Line too long at WIllie Mae's so we stopped in at the tail end of lunch buffet at Dooky Chase. Definitely did not live up to expectations. Buffet was only option, yet there was no food in half the pans. Had to wait 40 minutes for fried chicken (although it was very good). Service was good, spicy sausage was good, everything else on buffet was mediocre to average. Would not go out of my way to go here again.Well, as one Yelper said, I will not forget the Fried Chicken...
It was so, so good. I still stand by what used to be the best in the world being Chicky's Fried Chicken in Long Beach, California, but unfortunately for the world, Chicky's is now closed for good :(
We had the buffett at Dooky's, and the "Hot Sausage" was wonderful, as well as the Fried Chicken. I wish I could have bought a few pounds of each to take home, but the 2000 mile drive in the car would have spoiled it.
The buffett is of modest size, maybe 15 items, including the various vegetables and a salad section. I'm not a fan of sea food (other than shrimp, lobster, scallops, English Fish & Chips, and some sushi), so there were several things I didn't try. The potato salad was good, but nothing near stellar, just plain old potato salad.
If you want to get a sneak peek at southern politics, you might just end up sitting at a table next to some obvious New Orleans politicians, as they do frequent Dooky's. Just be careful what you hear, the ones next to us were definitely up to no good...This is a staple in NOLA. Went here while on our honeymoon in Jan and thought it was going to rock us off our butts! 
Really great decor..love the red. 
New hubby had the buffet which was a little pricey but had fried chicken, red beans and rice..all the staples.
The chicken..sad to say..was pretty bland (my family is from NOLA so I know fried chicken!) and the baked macaroni had a fishy taste (per my husband).
Our server, while very sweet was very scattered and kind of out of it the whole time...made us wonder where all the reviews were coming from.
I was really sad because I expected so much more...as I sighed..they brought out the peach cobbler and I took a bite.
MY LAWD!!!  It was fantastic! I would return and get the peach cobbler a la mode to go but nothing else.
P.S. Sketchy neighborhood..but okay.Loved the atmosphere and the people. The food was a fancy, indoor picnic with all of the love one could cook into a dish. What a wonderful treat!This was one the top of my to-visit list for NOLA and I am sooooo so happy that i got to come here! I got the buffet and I enjoyed all the food I had, including the fried chicken which was wonderfully juicy and crispy. All the food tasted fresh and the service was impeccable (shout out to our server Kieshan, you were amazing hunny!!) and the Peach Cobbler (my favorite thing I got) was absolutley divine! I felt so honored to get a chance to meet the wonderful Ms. Leah Chase in person, as she was such a sweet and charismatic woman who's still thinking of new recipes to put on the menu at 94 years old! My hats off to you Ms. Chase and the whole staff at Dooky Chase!As first time visitors to New Orleans, we enjoyed the home cooking and the family feel of this restaurant .  We recommend it.  All the locals eat here! Be sure to check the hours.  I think its only open for lunch on weekdays.
The $18.00 buffet is the way to go.  Yummy gumbo, heavenly greens, New Orleans style potato salad, fish, fried chicken, pork roast.  All excellent.   The service was adequate - seemed like the servers are the relatives of the owners.  This actually added to the family feel of the place.  The neighborhood is a little rough, but parking is fine.  No problem.  Our only complaint - the peach cobbler portion was way too small.  I think you should double it!  
A secret New Orleans gem.First time trying this place. Had a good attentive service. Tried the buffet really thought there would be more options. Not very impressed but it was a experience to have. Food was delicious. They sit you down they bring your cup of soup. And it's self serve buffet style. Once done, dessert comes out last whatever their dessert of the day is. You also have the option of ordering off the menu if you don't want the food off the buffet. The location off the strip so a must drive to and find street parkingWent there with a large group so we were in a private room.  I arrived late with another person but was promptly seated. There seemed to be only one server for our group which was about 20 people and she never acknowledged me or my friend after she brought our drinks.  When we did get her attention and request something, she said they didn't have it.  Well they did because we were able to get it from someone else.  We watched as everyone else was served dessert.  Finally we requested it along with refills. We got the dessert but never the refills.  The dessert which was peach cobbler seriously lacked sugar.  I can make a better peach cobbler and I'm not even a cook.  There were not many choices from the buffet.  The food was not delicious and definitely not worth the price we paid. The fried chicken seemed to be overcooked and was bland. The place needs to be remodeled.  I have no plans to return.Best Fried Chicken I have ever had. 
And amazing waitstaff.  The wait when we came at 11:20 was 45 minutes but would have been worth twice that. 
Everything on the Buffet was amazing.Absolutely love Friday night dinners at Dooky Chases. Wonderful service, the fried chicken and stuffed shrimp are my go-tos. Leave some room for peach cobbler with a scoop of ice cream! Staff is great, highly recommend the experience of dinner at Dooky Chases Restaurant!There's no surprise this restaurant is an institution.
The staff and hostess were super friendly, and the ambience was great. The gumbo was delicious, but the real star was the fried chicken. So juicy and moist, with just a perfect amount of crunch. The serving size for the side of sweet yams was very small, but still delicious (but nothing really to write about.)
I do need to note that I called beforehand to get a reservation, but I was told just to show up. When I got there, I was told the person I spoke with should not have said that because of how busy it gets. I had dinner after about an hour of waiting. The food was definitely worth it, but I recommend making sure you get a reservation even if it's just for one person.We had the lunch buffet which included fried chicken,  fried catfish, stuffed peppers, green beans, shrimp pasta, hot sausage, rice,  lima beans with shrimp (really good taste), & a small salad  bar. The buffet included gumbo & dessert. We went on  Friday around 12:30pm. We waited about 12 mins. Good service & food.If you like fried chicken, be sure to stop by Dooky Chase's. It was perfect! 
I had the buffet: red beans & rice, string beans, sweet potatoes, greens, hot sausage, ribeye and chicken.
I'll admit, I passed over the salad...but I ate beans and greens to make up for it. Both of those were seasoned exactly how you would expect if your grandma or mom or dad is a southern cook.
The red beans and rice were spot on. I broke up my hot sausage into them to add some warmth (not hot-hot, but a great pepper "glow").
The steak is sliced very thin, and basted in a broth that is steeped in garlic (vampires beware).
I tried both white and dark meat chicken; both were equally good. The white meat was tender and juicy.
The sweet potato casserole was seasoned like Thanksgiving--and was just sweet enough.
My wife opted for the shrimp platter. Large shrimp, tails removed, in a light, crunchy breading. The cocktail sauce looked homemade.
The buffet comes with a dish of peach cobbler. This is a spoon cobbler, not a pie crust cobbler. Lots of cinnamon and sugar in there, with just a bit of whipped topping to cut the sweetness (wink).
Truly, if you aren't familiar with southern cooking, this is a great intro.I am only giving 5 stars because I really enjoyed the food. Dooky Chase probably has THE BEST fried chicken I have ever had in my entire life. 
Came to NOLA for my sisters 30th Birthday and Dooky Chase was on our "must go to" list. There is so much history behind the restaurant and its involvement in the civil rights movement is amazing. 
When we got here we had a party of about 10 and we did not wait long to be seated which was a plus. What I will say though is that they can do a little better with the service. We were sitting at our table for about 15 minutes before someone finally came over to greet us and ask what we were drinking. Finally after taking our order we waited what felt like years for our food. While we were waiting Leah Chase came out and made her rounds greeting guests which was so nice to see. Management did realize that my table in particular was waiting an extremely long time for our food so she sent over complimentary pitchers of lemonade. 
My table ordered a variety of food this way we could all try something different from the menu in one shot. When I tell you that fried chicken was hittin!!! Babbbbbby!!!! It was BOMB. The yams and the greens were also very good. One of my cousins had the fried fish, it was okay. I also ordered the gumbo which was very tasty, it comes in a small cup so not ideal for sharing. Overall I am so happy that we came here, it was an experience well worth it.Worst restaurant ever, 2+ hour latter and no food at the buffet. Was told 10-20 minute wait and an hour & half latter we finally got a seat. Very poorly run, terrible host staff and no food ready. After over 2 hours of waiting, was told another 30+ minutes for actual food.I must say! Martynique Hampton and Shirley Marshal was on POINT!  This was my first here, and I was NOT disappointed. No disrespect to the patrons that gave it a low score, I highly retest you all give the restaurant alone more chance please, even Michael Jordan and Lebron James misses a three point shot, so that time you visited may have not have been perfect but the statistics are there definitely. I highly recommend this restaurant!As a restaurant, Dooky Chase rates about 3.5 stars.  As an institution it gets 4.  This is definitely a place for power lunches in New Orleans and the history is pretty amazing including its role in the Civil Rights movement.  The walls are entirely filled with unique artwork and the atmosphere is actually a bit nicer than I expected.  The food isn't seasonal but it's comfort food and that's why you come here.
The buffet is a main option for lunch and at $17.95 per person it's not cheap.  However, it does include a drink as well as peach cobbler for dessert which makes the price seem much more reasonable.  The options must change every day but when we were there the buffet sadly didn't include any gumbo - instead there was a small salad bar followed by a soupy bean & shrimp dish served with rice and also with some nice spicy sausage on the side which was great when eaten together.  The other dishes included a stewed salmon with great spices served with a nicely done pasta.  Cabbage casserole was very good and the green beans & potatoes were actually decent - not mushy or rubbery as I expect from a buffet.  At the end of the table were fried catfish and chicken which were even quite good despite being on a buffet.  The catfish probably scares some people being served on the bone with tail and fins still visible but if you don't mind picking meat off the bone that's the best way to do it because the catfish was still moist and tender and tasted great.  Fried chicken was very good and the breast was nice and juicy although the wings were significantly overcooked - I personally wouldn't say it's the best in the world but it's very solid.  In terms of the dessert, peach cobbler was just as expected with canned peaches and a fairly standard texture which was definitely not earth shattering but an okay way to end the meal.
If you're looking for upscale, seasonal cuisine don't come to Dooky Chase.  If you're looking for fast, attentive service this isn't your place either.  But if you're looking for very well done comfort food in an amazing local institution you've definitely found the right place.  If you're from out of town though please keep in mind that you probably don't want to walk from the French Quarter so just splurge for a cab.I really wanted to like this restaurant. Especially after enjoying their airport location, but after so many disappointments, I have to be honest with myself as well as my Yelp community. 
My friends and I made reservations for 6:45. We arrived at 6:45. We were told to head over to the bar area for drinks. We had come from the quarter, where we had a number of drinks. I wasn't interested. Roughly 20 minutes later, the hostess, as pleasant as she was, called us by the wrong name and seated us at a table for 6. There were 4 of us. No biggie. 
We sat and then were greeted by a young lady who informed us that our waitress was busy so she'd be standing in. She took our orders, brought our food, and then we were left wondering who our server was?????
In regards to the food, I still appreciate their gumbo which is full of flavor. The roux is thin, but what's missing in thickness is made up for in spice. I was not thrilled about my catfish to which I had to add both salt and pepper. And the Mac and cheese special they had for the day was inedible. I think they used something similar to nacho cheese! 
The other sides we had were yummy. Greens and yams. Oh and the fried chicken. YUM! They also provided us a sample of the creole sauce which everyone at the table raved about. 
Additionally, the artwork itself is reason enough to visit this historic site. As well as the opportunity to meet Ms Leah on Fridays. Have the gumbo and fried chicken. And enjoy the nostalgia if it all.Legendary, bucketlist style.  Worth the trip all the way to the Big Easy by itself.  Ruined during Katrina/Rita and brought back to life by volunteers and the community, Dooky and Leah are institutions.  You must meet them.  Lil Dooky is doin his thing in the kitchen now.  As Leah said, "He went up to Cordon Bleu, and then came back down so I could give him some Cordon Noir."  Big enough that you can always get a seat midday.  The fried chicken is hands down the best in the country.  Half hour wait is nothing for this chicken.  I'd wait an hour.  So good I stuffed some in my suitcase to bring back to Boston.  No joke.  Dooky told me I was crazy.  He's right...crazy for that chicken for sure.  The buffet is excellent.  The peach cobbler is great if you have room at the end.  That's a big if.  The service is always good and mostly related to the Chases.  Decades of presidents have dined here, Louis Armstrong and Muhammad Ali, too.  Arguably the best collection of African American art in the world.  Do yourself a favor.  They're only open for lunch, so countless people taking meetings while they dine.  I go once when I visit and then again on my way to the airport home.  It's that good.Had a late lunch here on 3/22/2017.  We make sure to go at least once on our bi-annual visits to New Orleans.  Fortunately, not a big crowd on a Wed afternoon - we have had to wait close to an hour to be seated when they are busy on other visits.  Even when not busy, the service can be slow.  Lots of locals and tourists there every day.  Great buffet, but we usually order the fried chicken dinner of the menu.  They warn you that it takes 20 min, but boy is it worth the wait!  The BEST fried chicken we have ever found anywhere!  So light and crispy and NOT greasy at all!  So sad that Dooky passed away last Fall, but his wife is still there most days at 95 years old.Don't miss it!
This place is easy to miss because it's in a residential neighborhood.
The lunch buffet initially looks small and simple, but the food is amazing!  If you had a grandma in New Orleans it would be like eating her food.  :-)Must go to because, it's a landmark. Definitely make reservations and try to go as close to opening as possible. The food was super hot when it came out. Chicken was perfectly seasoned. I wish there was an option for two sides with the entree. The side salad - was a sad salad. I was surprised max-and-cheese wasn't on the menu. I asked the server after I noticed a few tables had it and he forgot to mention they had it. I switched my side to it and slightly regretted it. It was way to creamy for me and not a lot of flavor at all. The place has history and you can feel it. Will try again, but for now it was okay...Best fried chicken in town. Way better than their neighboring rival, Willie Mae's. If you are only in town for one day, go here for lunch. You will not be disappointed, and if you are, you didn't eat anything! 
The lunch buffet is phenomenal, I have had it twice now and wow! The fired chicken is out of the world! Its so moist and crunchy without beiing full of grease. I have dreams about this chicken. And you also have to try a lot of the mac'n'cheese! Its prefect! Everything else on the buffet is great, but these two really steal the show! 
The setting is very nice and the owner Leah Chase usually walks around the dining room at lunch to say hello to everyone.Have heard so much about the food and the history of this restaurant and Ms. Leah Chase and it did not disappoint. From the hostess to the waitress and the manager. Service was wonderful, everyone friendly and the food..omg!!  Had the gumbo as a starter so rich, complexity of the flavors and chock full of chicken and shrimp.  The fried chicken golden brown, crispy and delicious!! Candied yams and macaroni & cheese like your grandma used to make.  Found space for some killer peach cobbler. Will definitely be back. And take some time to look at her artwork displayed throughout. Her collection is amazing!!I went to Dooky Chase for lunch last Friday.  I admit that I had pretty high expectations, but I wasn't impressed.  My husband & I arrived around 1:30pm and there was about a 40 minute wait for a table (although we noticed there were a lot of empty tables).  I'm guessing they were under-staffed.  The hostess appeared to be doing a thousand things in addition to greeting customers and taking names.
We both ordered the buffet, which was okay, but not impressive (especially for the $18 price tag).  All of the food was okay, but it certainly didn't live up to the hype (our waiter even mentioned it was the best fried chicken on Earth).Probably the best fried chicken I ever had. When you visit New Orleans you have to eat here but come Monday through Friday because they are closed on the weekend. Been there since 1941. We had the buffet which was outstanding with fried catfish, fried chicken, cod cakes, and limas and shrimp. It starts with some of the best gumbo you ever had and finishes with peach cobbler.
And everything was good.As tourist we really debated which places to dine while we ate our way through New Orleans. We heard this was the best and it was not a lie. We arrived at 11 am on a Thursday and had no trouble getting a table. Had the lunch buffet. Everything was truly amazing, fresh and hot! The fried chicken is unlike any I have had! We were definitely among locals enjoying lunch. So tasty. Just a lovely lunch! Go here you won't be disappointed, unless you like flavorless fried chicken then you might be... omg and the peach cobbler! So so so good. Best I have ever had!My traveling companions and I walked into Dooky Chase's off the street dressed the part. I was immediately horrified by my appearance and felt that entering such an establishment dressed as I was showed disrespect. My friends--who all hail from California--are free from the legacy of a Southern upbringing and do not understand that my Grannie said so!
Nevertheless, we were treated as guests in their home. The food was out of the m-f'in world and, yes, the fried chicken really is that good. We were treated to a Creole buffet because their waitstaff was swamped with local dignitaries and high-falutin' types (I told you I should have dressed up!). They had red beans with sausage, panéed chicken, green beans, Creole chicken, and other items I am forgetting, I'm sure.
Barack Obama eats here and there is a huge picture in the entryway to prove it. My friend was treated to a singing/scat lesson by Mr. Chase and we all got to speak to (and thank) Miss Leah.
Next time I go, I will plan my wardrobe better. You can dress how you want... it's just me.Let's see....
Beef and vegetable soup and fresh garlic toast...
then salad with pickled okra, beets, cauliflower, tomato, fish salad...
then red beans & rice with fresh sausage....
then sweet corn succotash, smokey mustard greens, mac n' cheese....
then fried chicken and stewed chicken..
ended it all with peach cobbler.
GOOD LORD.  One of the best meals I've had in town in a while.  Go for the lunch buffet, you will not be disappointed.
Mr. Bradley, our server, was professional and warm.  Great guy, great place.We came around opening time for an early lunch (11a) and were promptly seated and ordered buffet style. The service was good and the food super tasty. The chicken was crunchy, moist, and flavorful, and the catfish fresh (pic attached). The peach cobbler was my favorite.
Tips:
1. It really started to fill up around noon.
2. Have realistic expectations, otherwise you might think this delicious food is a letdown
3. Buffet style was a great way to try different options
4. Full after the buffet? thinking of just sharing the peach cobbler with a friend? don't! it's delicious. Make room for it.
5. Look around, take it all in, your sitting in a place filled with history
6. Get coffee at Cafe Treme afterwards, its a small walk away but a nice relaxing spotThe restaurant itself is nice, and the bar on the side is a great waiting place since the location isn't really near anything else. We waiting an hour to be seated, and my group of 5 was very excited about this place as it had some of the 'best food'.  Overall, we were there for 3 hours.  it took over 30 minutes for simple salads to come out, and when our food was finally brought out- it was barely warm.  I think the only reason it seemed to taste so good was because I was SO hungry. The servers are all very wonderful and friendly.  But, overall I would not recommend this place.I don't know why this place does not have 5 stars. We were debating between this place and Willie Mae's Scotch House. Dooky's didn't have a line. Glad we came here. The buffet is a GREAT deal and you can't beat the fried chicken. Seems to have a lot of history- photos of GW Bush and Obama on the walls.  The highlight was the peak cobbler dessert.Best fried chicken I've ever had.  The white meat was equally as juicy as the dark meat and the beets the chicken comes with are unique and sweet.  Impeccable service and the artwork and photos just make the experience complete.Was going to go to Willie Mae's for some fried chicken but line too long. Went here instead. Should've waited at WM. Chicken ran out and when it did finally come out all dark meat. Had to rush my meal to get to the airport. Then they over charged me for the wrong table. Don't recommend.The reason the wait is so long is because it's worth it. If you don't want to wait on an a la carte item, go to the buffet. It's worth it. I LOVE this place, and I consider myself to be an above-average cook. I love the fried chicken, okra, beans, and greens. Her gumbo roux is dark, rich, and well seasoned.  I find the wait staff to be consistently professional, polite, and attentive. I love it.The restaurant on Orleans Avenue should change the name from "Dooky" to "Dookie" Chase. The food here has no taste and lacks originality. The red beans taste like it came out of the can.. The jambalaya taste as if it was just colored rice.. The fried chicken has little taste & the fish was okay. I tried to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt and order dessert. My peach cobbler was cold and I had a piece of chicken crumb in my cobbler.. YUCK.. the only thing that was good was the salad & dressing. This is supposed to be a black owned restaurant & since this place has more of Caucasian customers, the cooks tries to accommodate them.. This restaurant needs to revamp.. I am not satisfied at all. My 20 dollars has went to waste.This place came highly recommended by family living in the area.  My wife and I came down to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and this was on our list of "must stops". 
We arrived around 11:45 am, since their hours of operation were 11am-3pm.  We had not eaten anything this morning because we were saving our appetite for a savory lunch here.  We actually beat the lunchtime rush and were seated about 15 minutes later.  And it went downhill from there. 
We saw that they had a buffet serving area inside of what looked like a southern fine dining restaurant.  We were given a menu when seated.   Approximately 10 minutes later, the bus boy filled out glasses with water. Maybe 5 minutes later, our waiter apologized for our wait and asked if we had any questions about the menu, while holding several plates from busing tables.  After answering 2 questions, he left and returned about 10 minutes later.  
Now it's about 25 minutes (12:20 pm) from when we were seated and we decided to order from the menu and not have the buffet.  We both ordered red beans/rice with fried chicken. I added a side of yams, she added a side of greens.  Dinner salad came with the meal.  Now, chicken, red beans/rice were buffet items, but I would have paid $5 more per person for the buffet.  I only wanted what I ordered.  Apparently, if you don't order the buffet, you have a long wait on your hands.  
Basically, my wife had to remind the waiter at approximately 12:40 that we had not received our dinner salads.  We finally got them, ate them and sat there looking around the restaurant. 
We noticed others who were seated around the same time we were seated.  They didn't have much on the tables to eat either.  But those that ordered buffet had tables full of food.  At 1:00pm, I left $5 on the table for the small plates of wilted, supermarket bag salad and left.  Never saw the waiter after he dropped off the salads.  
That was my Dooky Chase experience.  There are so many other restaurants that value the customers.  If I wanted a buffet lunch, I would have gone to Golden Corral in California.The food is EVERYTHING .  Now....  you will wait FOREVER to get in. But when you do baby you will be glad. We went during Essencefest. They opened especially for the Fest.  So that played into the wait. Make reservations. Save yourself tired feet.  BTW they have a full bar to the left of the restaurant. Great place to wait. But make sure your name gets on the wait list while you wait . But back to the food. AMAZING fried chicken. Crispy but not dry. Great breading with lots of crunchy skin tags to pull off. Spaghetti was the soul food kind. A touch of tomato sauce sausage of some sort and lots of seasoning. Greens and green beans fabu not over cooked seasoned well. Turkey neck bones meaty and yummy. Red beans and rice were good when iI put the hot sausage with them. Seafood pasta was a little meh as were the yams. But others in our party liked them.
The staff was really nice. Working in a challenging situation.  Shout out to the hostess she never lost her cool. 
Overall a GREAT place to eat, and celebrate the food heritage that is our history.So we are on our honey moon of 30years and came here for lunch. I had the buffet the fried chicken was so delicious the baked mac and cheese and green beans. My husband had something off the menu his was as yummy. We'll be back before we leave for home.I went for the chicken because of the reviews on this site and I was not disappointed. It was worth the hike through the hood. I was with my husband and we didn't run into any issues walking there. The chicken was great and the other food was as well. We decided to get the buffet and enjoyed everything. The staff was very friendly. 
The hours are strange so be sure to check first. The only thing that prevents me from giving this place 5 stars is because the only dessert they had during our visit was peach cobbler. I don't eat any type of pie or cobbler and had hoped to get a tasting of a dessert made with as much care as the rest of the meal.Visiting from Memphis, TN and looking for a place to experience some great Louisiana Food.  Dooky Chase came highly recommended.  NOT!!!  I was so disappointed in the food choices, taste of the food, temperature and price of the food during Friday afternoon buffet dining experience.  I spoke with the owners' daughter about the issue and was given a pitiful excuse and no satisfaction.  Readers, if you are looking to waste your money, eat some fair, high calorie, barely room temperature food; this is the place for you!!  If you are looking for decent eating experience, go any place other than Dooky Chase's.We were greeted it's a smile and seated promptly. Our waitress came over and explained the lunch buffet and took our drinks order. The waitress bought out the peas soup with crackers. The soup was the best thing I had for the entire lunch. It was creamy and the crackers with it topped the soul off. Very yummy. 
My aunt and I ate from the buffet. The buffet consisted of salad and a variety of salad dressing. Red beans and rice which was bland. The mustard greens were not warm and were also bland. Jambalaya was dry as were the sausages. I thought surely this fried chicke would be good but I wa skeptical as it looked hard and dark brown. Chicken was  what not good as it tasted somewhat burnt and dry. I tried the daube but I didn't care for it very much. Dessert was peach cobbler which was okay. 
The ambience of the restaurant is extremely nice.  The black art is beautiful. The color scheme in the room makes for a nice feel. The service was awesome down to the young gentleman cleaning tables. I gave two stars as the food just did not live up to a good meal.Needless to say I was highly disappointed in the service we received from the staff at Dooky Chase. We traveled from Orlando to attend a surprise birthday for my mom. We had just landed in Nola, Dooky Chase was our very first stop. Well I never got a chance to order dinner due to the fact our server never came to our table. My family had been there quite sometime and was able to order before myself and my husband arrived. We asked for menus, we were told that since we didn't have reservations we had to wait, menus were for people who had reservations. You should have seen the look on my face! I never heard anything in my life that was so stupid, we didn't know reservations were required first off, we just wanted a good ole dinner from one of Nola greatest establishments so I thought. The hostes that was so rude was an elderly lady who wore a fanny pack. I'm a Gen. Man for a very nice restaurant in Fla. Had I ever heard one of my employees speak to guest in that manner they would have been terminated on the spot. What she must realize is that you never know who you are serving, you treat every guests as if its your family and they will treat you the same. This keep residual guests coming back and less negative reviews such as this. Get this the server never took our order but she put a 20% gratuity on my husband's check! We didn't make a big deal out it we wanted the night to be great for my mom, but it  did leave a bad taste and we will never go back! On a good note we were pleased that the owner's daughter came by and took my husband's order and we were able to meet her mom who own's the restaurant, she's 94 and she's still in the kitchen. Anyway we were told that that was going to be the last night that the hostess work there. Thank God!I had such high hopes for this place but was really ........ Whew, wow, a mess! The sitting area was nice but the food was blah/unappealing  w/exception of the chicken which was about the same as a corner store sold chicken. The Mac & Cheese had to be made w/ velveeta and that soup they called gumbo, one word, gross! The rest of the sides were something that should have been left in the pan to say the least.  The desert they claimed was cobbler, no mam( i even got into a disagreement  w/boyfriend over what it really was)!! What ever this place use to be that a president would have wanted to eat here is now no more!!   ***DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME*** I ACTUALLY WANT A REFUND FOR THE MEALS WE HAD!!The gumbo and shrimp creole are my fondest food memories of New Orleans. The ambiance and service was top notch! Run don't walk!I was disheartened to find out that their famous gumbo is made with crab; unfortunately they did not have the gumbo z'herbes that Chef John Besh famously devoured as one of the best gumbos he has ever had.  
I chose not to die that day so I opted to get their fried chicken with red beans and rice instead. Out comes a huge plate of beans with a scoop of rice. You get to ask if you prefer white, dark, or mixed. My entree came with a small bowl of salad and I was offered a wonderful red vinaigrette that Ms. Chase supposedly made. I loved the vinaigrette. This bowl of salad was the first vegetable break since coming to New Orleans 3 days ago.
The amount of breading on the skin is just the right amount (not too heavy) and the skin is nice and crisp. My only qualm about all the items I ate here is that they were all under-seasoned.  I feel I should not have to douse my chicken in hot sauce if the flavors were on point. The experience left me wanting. 
Note: they have very limited hours and offer a 19.95 buffet (fried chicken, salads, a bunch of sides, and a small dessert) for adults. I believe it is a few dollars cheaper for kids.
Come here for the history of the place, the beautiful dining room bedecked with stained glass and paintings of prominent African American artists, Leah Chase's blessing by Pope Benedict for her 90th birthday, President Obama's regard of her contribution to the culinary landscape of New Orleans, and the Zulu costumes. The patrons who opted for the buffet seemed to have been more satisfied as they were able to try a wider variety of foods, including desserts.I struggled between a 3 and 4. We had to wait an hour to be seated which was exactly what they told us. The food on the buffet was ok. The best thing was the fried chicken and shrimp creole. The greens were not good at all. I'm surprised they didn't have Mac and cheese on the Friday lunch buffet. In my opinion the ratings on the place are over rated. Lots of great food in New Orleans so we won't be going back to dooky chase. I will say the wait staff was very friendly. Giving it a 3 because of the taste of the food.The food and service was amazing!  We ordered the Stewed Chicken, Shrimp Creole and Shrimp Clemenceau.  Of course, the highlight of our lunch was getting the chance to meet Mrs. Chase!
Our five year old was star struck knowing she was meeting the real Princess Tiana!  Mrs. Chase even invited her to the kitchen!!!  How great is that!
When in New Orleans, take a moment to drive to this culinary gem!My family and I come often to New Orleans but this was the first time we went to Dooky Chase restaurant..I found the service horrendous, slow, the attendant at the door had an attitude problem and the establishment is severely understaffed. We sat down and no waitress came for about 15-20 minutes, in fact she took so long to come to our table that my husband and I went to the buffet table to get the food before we even saw the waitress! I was half way through the meal when she finally came to our table to take our drink order! This was at lunch time, could you imagine at dinner time on a Friday how slow the service will be when they are extra busy? The food was so-so, nothing to write home about...The wait staff never smile and it shows that they don't like their job except for the water boy. It is over rated and over priced! We wanted to experience the ambiance of the place and the place was nicely decorated with beautiful paintings but thats about it! The rug in the main dining room is old and dirty and the bathroom is old and outdated! For a place that is so well know and frequented by presidents and other famous people, they should be ashamed of how old and worn the place is! I don't know where all the good reviews are coming from, probably from friends, relatives or people who have never been to clean, well run establishments before....This place needs a face lift starting from the inside to the horrible slow poke waitresses and front door attitude problem attendant...Not planning on going back...Save your money, even cracker barrel is better than this place!!!!!!!Glad to have gone, but feel like this restaurant's best days are behind them. Had the fried chicken and stuffed potato (both fantastic) and my husband had a very deep fried, oily seafood platter with some droopy green beans (not so good). Mints julips were strong, but perhaps a bit syrupy sweet. The peach cobbler was just ok, but the pecan pie was good. Pleasant atmosphere, very friendly service. Security guard on the corner will get you safely to your cab.I want to start off this review with a story. This was my last meal in the Big Easy. My last meal in Georgia was also a Southern lunch buffet in one of the most humble, but uppity eateries around. Dooky Chase's.... now that sounds pretty rowdy. Sounds like some ridiculous movie or at least a dance move. It is actually an eatery found in a sort of "humble" neighborhood right across the highway. When you walk in, you realize that it is as "fancy" as fancy got in 1941, when it started up.
They do a lunch buffet (as I mentioned before), and they are better for it. For $18, you get a truly amazing feast. Everything they offer is just superb. I hardly ever go through an entire meal and not know exactly what is in a dish. That happened here, and I was so happy. Salmon in tomato sauce, oyster pasta, lima beans in shrimp. IS THIS EVEN TRADITIONAL???
Unfortunately, the gumbo was not that great. Neither was the peach cobbler--t'was soggy and underseasoned. Skip the opener and closer, and go to town on the actual buffet.
The potato salad was creamy and ridiculously seasoned--no idea what went into it. Enough with the cold stuff. The lima beans and shrimp was outrageously savory. The squash and... crab (?) was creamy and melted in my mouth. The salmon in tomato sauce did not make any sense, but it was outstanding. The oyster pasta tasted "dirty" in a good way; real good eatin'.
The catfish is fried bone-in. You can just imagine. The fried chicken held its own. Yes, keep on imaging and drooling. Honestly, there was not a distinguishing characteristic that stood out about in any single dish, but it was all just good home cookin'.
If you get a chance to hit this joint up for lunch while in the Big Easy, I would urge you to give it a shot. They have sort of limited hours. Fortunately, they started offering a Friday dinner. I had a phenomenal meal here to end my stay, and perhaps you should likewise conclude your unhealthy days of eating at Dooky Chase's!Disappointed! We stood in line to only be told that they are not taking any more people. They had a buffet during the busiest eating time during the Essence music festival  weekend. People left there telling us the food was disgusting. It hurt my heart because I really wanted to try this historic family owned restaurant.We arrived about 5 minutes before it opened and I was so glad we did. There was a small line that had already formed. We went with the buffet and it was delicious. Started off with some wonderful gumbo. The buffet consisted of all the southern staples. Make sure to save some room for dessert which was a small serving ( thank goodness) peach cobbler.The food here was amazing! I am in NO for a business conference and stopped here for lunch. The place is decorated with beautiful black art throughout. The prices are reasonable. There was a lunch buffet that had all the good stuff for $12. I had the smothered chicken with greens. The other people at my table had stuffed shrimp, fried chicken and fried shrimp. Everyone was satisfied. The service was great. The wall had photos of famous diners ( Pope, Obama, Bush to name a few).    I can see why this place is a go to amongst locals. I will definitely be returning.I was told this was a must go to; the service was very slow and orders were wrong. I can't recommend this restaurant to tourists. The salad wasn't really a salad couldn't pick it up with a fork you definitely needed a piece of a bread to get the lettuce on the forkMom mad home cooking. Delicious food. Had a chance to meet and talk with Ms. Chase- it was like talking with your grandma. I miss her already. Great food , home style atmosphere. Had a shrimp dish with home fries, mushrooms - amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on the menuStandard southern fare and it is GOOD! It was only open from 11-3 for lunch and we tried the lunch buffet which was awesome and only $18!  Hands down, the best lemonade I've ever had. Lovely ambience and great food.Loved the history behind Dooky chase and Miss Leah so
Decided to visit here during our current trip to New Orleans. We arrived half hour before they opened for lunch, There was no line yet, we were the first pbut a line quickly formed behind us within 10 minutes. We were fortunate to be the first ones seated because the place and buffet line filled up quickly.  We had numerous items from their buffet as well as a chicken vegetable soup and peach cobbler that came with the buffet. The food was average southern food, nothing really stood out but nothing disappointed either. The fried chicken was tasty but they run out immediately as the pan of piping hot chicken comes out, everyone lines up for some, they run out quickly and then there's a long wait for more. That was irritating because it's what I enjoyed the most. I was only able to get a small drumstick on my first trip and one thigh on the second trip. I didn't want to wait another 20. Minutes for a third piece. The service was average at best. The server wasn't friendly at all but she wasn't rude either. However we did feel rushed but I can understand since they had so many people waiting to be seated. The place is very nice inside and the art work is great. But If it weren't for its history I wouldn't recommend it.The biggest and frankly only disappointment in a  week-long trip to NO. Chicken and sides were bland and not even quite hot. Fish special was raw inside. Brought the wrong drinks. Basically a terrible experience except that everyone was polite. It's too bad because I'm sure it was once great, but the mighty have fallen. Don't waste a NO night on this place. Go to Commander's Palace and Cuchon.Food was average at best.  The service was good. I probably won't come back.Food and service were welcoming and plentiful. This place is best to visit on a Tuesday or Wednesday in order to avoid the crowd.Not very happy with the quality of the food. Two of our group had the buffet, two ordered seafood. The food was like warm, not what we expected from this place. We heard how good the food was, this wasn't a good day. The chicken came out hot and if you don't rush up there you won't get it. They cook such a small amount when people are waiting outside to get in. We happen to be here with the Red Hats, and common sense should have told them to cook enough chicken. The seafood came out Luke warm and no special taste. Dookey Chase has lost it great standards. We don't recommend wasting your money here.The Fiancee and I ate here for lunch one day. When we walked in dooky greated us and told us that they all but one waiter had called in sick. If we wanted a to go order that would be fine, or we could go eat in the dining room, but service was slow. We decided that we didn't mind slow service. Service was slow, but the one waiter that was there was BUSTING HIS ASS to serve everyone. The food was DELICIOUS. and because of the slow service they brought us free Arnold Palmers and didn't bill us for the gumbo. It almost makes me want slow service every time I go there. The prices are great too. I highly reccommend it.This place is a staple in New Orleans like Ben's Chili Bowl is in D.C. and the food is absolutely delicious. Presidents and all kinds of dignitaries grace this restaurant.  The food is seasoned to perfection and Mrs. Leah Chase knows how to hookup southern food.  She hosted President Obama and scolded him for putting hot sauce on her gumbo lol. She said her gumbo doesn't need hot sauce lol.  This young lady is over 90 years old and still cooking at her restaurant.  I love gumbo and theirs is great but I don't eat okra so I had to pass on that but the fried chicken, jambalaya and shrimp étouffée were delish. The service is excellent and the setting is welcoming with nice New Orleans decor within. There's a lunch buffet or you can order from the menu and they take walk-ins but this place fills up quickly and most people make reservations to secure timely seating.  I'm going back and will get pics to attach.Yelp says they close at 3pm but we got there at 245p and we're told they. Close at 230 since they do dinner on Fridays.
But after we told another lady she didn't let us leave and served us.
Very good foodIn town for a conference and our uber driver recommended this place as a local favorite not known to tourists. Ordered the buffet which included salad, chicken chili, red beans/rice, jambalaya, green beans,steam veggies, hot sausage, baked chicken, fried chicken, & peach cobbler for dessert. So good! Lots of history at this restaurant, recommend stopping here if your in town.Came here on a recommendation from a friend earlier in the week. Was in town for mardi gras week and it was freezing so I attempted to take two buses and Galway there, learned it closed at 3. Went back on a Friday for dinner taking one bus and walking and there were people waiting to get in. 
We waited in the lobby and were greeted in one party at a time. Fabulous decor. Not at all what I expected. Beautiful artwork, presidential photographs and tablecloths. I saw a server asked one guy to remove his hat. 
I was welcomed by my server immediately and thought of try the fried chicken since I saw a sign that said it won an award for best fried chicken. I was repeatedly checked on. The salad dressing was homemade I was told. The water servers never let my When it came abc I tried it, it reminded me if my grandmothers chicken. 
My glass was never empty so the staff was on point. They each spoke to me when they came to the table, I even had one server asked if I needed a taxi. I've been coming to New Orleans for twenty years and am surprised I never heard of this place. With hit or misses in service this week, it was a nice way to end my week. 
Kudos to the staff and management at this place for representing New Orleans.Landmark restaurant!  I've seen Mrs. Chase on Top Chef.  I'm so glad I had the experience of dining at her restaurant!!!   Disappointing though that my reservation was not honored and that the food was just ok.This was so middle of the road for me.  First- they are not open on the weekends.  When we did make it here for lunch on a Tuesday- the outside is misleading, the inside is beautiful! All of the staff was super nice and welcoming. We all had the buffet.  I guess the thing that I am most disappointed by was the greens.  They were not fresh.  They were either from a can or frozen.  Really? (Yuck).  The fried chicken was great tho and there was chicken cacciatore on the buffet and that was good also.  Green beans were ok, the succotash was good. The oyster soup was good. The peach cobbler was good.  The red beans and rice - not good. Probably would not come back.  Middle of the road.My friend wanted to go here because it's a historic landmark in NOLA and I'm all for black owned restaurants. We got seated right away right before the restaurant began to fill up. I ordered the sea food platter because the buffet did NOT sound appetizing at alllllllllll. The food took a while to come but it was decent at most. The drink was too pricy to be in such a small cup. I'd advise you go here just to say you've been here. As for the food, it's alright at best.I am a Marine wife that has heard of the landmark restaurant for many years.  Today was my first time to eat there and it will not be my last.  It will be a place I take all my family and friends.  The food is outstanding and the atmosphere they have is so warm and friendly.  I love the Creole cooking and highly recommend you give them a try.  Do not go if you are in a hurry, this is a place where you sit back and enjoy the company you are with and eat until you can hold no more.  Now I understand why they have been around for so long!FOOD? 
The food here is pretty amazing... Sometimes. The portions (if you're ordering off of the menu and not getting the buffet) could be a wee bit bigger though. Depending on who is working that day/night, you might get some awesome food or really REALLY greasy food. It's really a toss-up and it doesn't seem to be consistent.
QUALITY? / TASTE? 
Anytime we plan to visit, I'll ask if Mrs Leah is there BEFORE our group goes in. If she is there, then we'll DEFINITELY go in to eat. If she's not there, then I'll suggest that we eat somewhere else, as it's just not the same when she's not there.
LOCATION? / PARKING? 
Do you want my best advice for visiting here AND trying to park? Park somewhere else, or take a cab to get here.  As someone else already stated, it's in a pretty sketchy neighborhood, so parking here is at your own risk. Granted, they do have their own lot, but that WON'T stop a local ghetto crack-head from busting in your window to steal your stuff. (He was seen doing it, was caught, and NOPD busted his head in before arresting him.)
SERVICE? 
Pretty good, but SO much better when Mrs Leah is there to keep them in line.
CLEANLINESS? 
It's always been very clean at every visit we've made here. 
SAFETY? 
See Location/Parking above. 
ATMOSPHERE? 
Always busy but never too loud.
PRICE?
A bit pricey for some things, but decent overall.
I've eaten here probably 50+ times over the years and I can definitely say that it was better BEFORE Katrina. 
I miss the old days...We got super lucky on our trip to New Orleans last week, because we happened to be there when Dooky Chase makes its annual Gumbo Z'herbes on Holy Thursday (Thursday before Easter).  I saw it featured on Best Thing I Ever Ate, New Orleans special, so I was soooo excited we'd be there on that day!  I heard that reservations get filled up, so I called a week in advance, and already 2 of 3 afternoon seatings were full.  We ended up with 3:30pm reservation.  
We WALKED there from the French Quarter, because we were feeling adventurous.  I would NOT recommend doing that.  Anyway, when we got there, it was packed!  They only serve gumbo z'herbes and fried chicken as entrees on this day, so that's what we got.  The gumbo z'herbes was warm, flavorful, and you could tell it took a lot of time and love to make it.  Quite expensive at $13/bowl.  
NOW, time to talk about the FRIED CHICKEN.  O.M.G.  WOW.  Being from Southern California, this was my first time venturing into the South, where I'm sure has the best fried chicken in the USA.  Our naive taste buds nearly exploded when we ate the chicken.  Incredibly crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and simply amazing.  They probably have even better chicken elsewhere, but I don't care.  Best Fried Chicken Ever!  
Other items:  Strawberry Lemonade was too sweet and syrupy.  Peach cobbler was really good, and this is coming from someone who does not like cobblers and pies.  
Bottom Line: FRIED CHICKEN!!!!!!!!  Gumbo Z'herbes was a fun and tasty experience.  Apparently Obama and Bush have both visited there.  Slow but friendly service.I didn't grow up with southern comfort food so based on my own review, I would have given it 3 stars but hubby did and he would have given it 5 stars.  We met in the middle.  :)
I will say though the place deserves 5 stars for the wonderful service.  The hostess was such a nice lady and so was our waitress.  The decor is also beautiful.  You wouldn't think it would look so nice with the old brick facade.  
I liked the fried chicken and peach cobbler but my favorite was probably the okra gumbo.  I know technically there's not supposed to be okra in gumbo but I love okra so when people cook with it, i get especially excited.  
We got there right around 11am and there wasn't a line to wait.  You could tell they had a several private rooms so it looks like a good place for a large gathering.  If you are in the area, I think it's a fun experience to try.  for $18 buffet though, It's on the pricey end for essentially what is just fried chicken but you go there for the fun of it, too, and it was definitely a nice experience!Started the evening with seafood gumbo. It was amazing! Which led me to high expectations for the rest of my meal. The house salad that came out looks like it was wilting since morning, however, the dressing was so good. Then it took over 30 minutes to get our meal. Beware that everything is breaded and fried. What a disappointment. I would have rather had nachos at the Rum House.If you want some authentic historical NOLA away from the French Quarter madness, this is your spot! 
This place features simple traditional dishes and the menu is simple. Everything is great but my favorites are the Gumbo, Seafood platter and you cannot leave without making some proper room for their peach cobbler.This restaurant is a landmark in New Orleans. The dining room is pretty. However, the food is, at best, pedestrian. We were there for lunch. The buffet had creole favorites such as red beans and rice and fried chicken.  Local grocery store delis compare favorably to the quality of this food. It's quite simply ho-hum. Not bad, but by no means memorable. 
The servers were polite, but lethargic. Soup came with the buffet. After we had eaten half the meal, I finally asked about the soup and five minutes later, a server brought it. 
There are too many great restaurants in New Orleans to spend time here.You must try the buffet, to get a taste of everything without spending too much. They are open Tuesday & Thursday and you have to get there early. The red  beans and Chicken were a favorite of mine. 
We even met Mr. Chase when we came on a Monday thinking it was open.Will not forget the fried chicken.....it was RAW!!
Waited for it as it was out at the buffet, along with the greens, for roughly 10 to 15 minutes.  The fork didn't even make it to my mouth.  While the owner was apologetic and we wound up not paying for 2 cups of gumbo and our soft drinks, it was a catastrophic disappointment. Almost everyone on here convinced us this was the place to go for fried chicken, but in the end, Dooky Chase, and all the awards it displays on the table as you walk in, wound up with their poo chasing us out the door.
Good or bad, we write our fair share of reviews and we hate to write anything bad, but here it is...came for the lunch buffet. service is poor - no one wanted to be our waiter. food is very good.Have you ever had real fried Chicken?  Stop in to Dooky Chase and have a true culinary experience!  You will not forget the fried chicken or the mac and cheese!  Dooky Chase is on my list each time I am in New Orleans, if not a few times!  The hospitality from the Chases is like visiting their home.  They have rebuilt their restaurant post storm and a line forms each day to enjoy the truly amazing cuisine of New Orleans. Enjoy.The staff was the friendliest!  Very personable and a pleasure to have as part of my dining experience.  The food was excellent and the fried chicken like none I've ever had.  Highly recommend!After an exceptional experience at Dooky Chase today, I'm having a hard time understanding the negative and mixed reviews. Expecting a long wait, I called 30 minutes ahead and made a reservation. We had only a short wait. While we waited, we were given updates on how long we might wait.  Every person we encountered was pleasant and accommodating to us. I decided to have the buffet. I asked the hostess who seated us about egg in the food options because my daughter is allergic to egg. When she told me that the fried chicken was dredged in egg, I just assumed we just would not eat chicken (there were other protein options).  Moments later, the hostess returned and informed me that the cook was going to fry chicken for my daughter and me without egg!  I didn't even ask for this. And. The. Food. Omg. It was all delicious! Well seasoned, fresh food brought out often, and did I say delicious!?  The relaxed and familial atmosphere was just icing on the cake.  Dooky Chase is a must-do when visiting New Orleans!I went with a group of friends for the famous Gumbo Z'herbs on Holy Thursday. If you like greens, then you will love it! So rich and meaty, I ate all of it! The menu on Holy Thursday is a limited one due to the crowds. The only other thing offered is fried chicken, which was served hot and crispy with plenty of seasoning. Will have to go back on another day and see what else they offer. Really enjoyed seeing Mrs. Chase still going strong. A lovely lady!Went to Dooky Chase today expecting to get just a taste of their famous fried chicken since I have celiac and cannot eat gluten.  When I got was my very own, specially made, gluten-free, best damn fried chicken!!!  The server was outstanding, the food was amazing and the prize was surprisingly inexpensive.  There's a good reason why they are known to have the best fried chicken in New Orleans!!!  I would recommend them to anyone if you like great, homemade cookin' that is literally finger lickin good!!!Had the lunch buffet for $19.95 on a rainy Friday.  A tad overpriced I thought.  Fried chicken was good.  Fried fish had way too many bones and was a bit bland.  Loved the art work.  The hostess and waitstaff were pleasant.  Our main server was just okay, not the friendliest or most helpful.  The hostess and other wait staff were great.  One dish, shrimp with potatoes and veggies, was good but too salty.  The dessert, peach cobbler (not part of the buffet), was okay.  Maybe two very small peach slices.  The rest was breading.  I'd probably order off the menu if / when we return to New Orleans.This restaurant is amazing!! Such an honor to eat at this historical place with such a legendary matriarch at its helm! I could feel 80 years of love in every bite!!! Lunch buffet was amazing. The red beans and rice are what dreams are made of!The BEST FRIED CHICKEN!!! hands down like seriously. We did the buffet which was around $25 pp. Not sure if that is the normal but it was during Essence Fest, so that could have played the part in the price. Either way I would seriously pay that $25 everytime im in nawlins just to get some of that great soul food. I'm telling you don't pass it up. Your mouth will thank me later ;-)Dooky Chase's Restaurant is serving up all it says, good food, good ambiance, beautiful art pieces, service with a smile and more.  The Queen herself made an appearance and greeted her guests with so much love, I actually teared up from her loving spirit and the way she embraced meI enjoyed the lunch buffet I.e., creole gumbo, build your salad, potato salad, assorted vegetables, seafood pasta dishes, fresh fried catfish and the infamous friend chicken!!! I understand the wait time because the food is that good and the atmosphere invites you to stay and be their guest ... yup, the personal touch! I truly enjoyed my dining experience at Dooky Chase's Restaurant. Special shout out to her granddaughter Tracy! She too is an amazing hostess.  She humbly handled the rush crowd with a smile.  While in NOLA be sure to stop by Dooky Chase's Restaurant- you'll be glad you did!!!Very nice people in the convenient location of NOLA Treme neighborhood. Don't let the exterior deter you. Selected the lunch buffet. A nice small selection of dishes that included the fried chicken. A nice lunch in a very old school atmosphere.Xavier University brought me here for dinner as a freshman transfer student.  This is by far the closest home cook meal you will ever receive from a business.  As I understand the original kitchen was removed from the owners home and placed inside of the business establishment. Talk about home cook food.Dooky Chase has been on my "Food Bucket List" for years.  Finally got to go on a recent work trip to Nola.  Got there early which was great idea because when we left there was a line.
The buffet looked awesome but knew I'd never be able to eat enough to make it worthwhile.  Instead I had the fried chicken and mac n cheese.  My boyfriend had the stewed chicken with jambalaya and mustard greens.
Probably best chicken we've ever eaten.  Portions were huge and I took most home with us.  Greens were flavorful and very tasty.  Mac n cheese was good, but not my favorite.  
The service was wonderful.  Very polite and we felt welcomed.  So happy to have visited Nola and also Dooky Chases.Got there early for lunch, and was greeted at the door by a lovely lady.
We both had the Friday buffet, and it was delicious. Fried chicken very good, but the stand out for me was the shrimp and lima beans.  Who would have known?
Service was great, it got crowded so go around 11:15 at be sure to get a table and a jump start!By far the best restaurant in New Orleans. The food is amazingly delicious. The fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, and peach cobbler are absolutely breathtaking. The setting of the restaurant was beautiful. The African-American art definitely creates a southern home feel. The staff was the best family-oriented staff I have ever encountered. From the moment you walk in, you feel welcome. Although my attire was very casual the staff still welcomed me in with open hearts. All of the staff tended to the needs of the patrons. Everyone was full of energy and extremely nice. The staff and the cooks definitely made this the best experience in New Orleans yet. If you haven't gone you definitely should.After trying to go to willie maes scotch house, which was closed. And said it would be open, our lyft driver recommended us to come here, so we did. Once inside we had a 15 min wait. There was enough seats for us to wait to be called. The environment was great. We felt walked. Once we were seated our server brought our menu. There was that much on the menu but they do offer a buffet. We decided to go with the buffet.  It comes with a soul and peach cobbler, which I must do was amazing( coming from someone who doesn't eat it) . on the buffet they had fried chicken, southern potatoes, green paper dressing, stew chicken, greens, green bean, sausage, seafood pasta. I must say for 19 dollars it's not worth getting the buffet but the food was great. There was a 13 year boy there that was nice, he kept coming around filling out drinks. Its good too see kids who are so polite. I would come back.First lunch in NOLA on a business trip. Omar was our waiter and he was fabulous. He recommended the "Omar special" for lunch, the crab stuffed shrimp and okra/tomatoes. The shrimp were batter fried with a zesty crab dressing inside. Veggies were great. But the star of the meal was the Praline Pudding. Easily the best bread pudding I have ever eaten!!  Moist, full of pecans, and did I detect a little coconut? Luscious and decadent! To top it off we got to visit with the Chef herself,  Ms. Leah Chase! What a thrill to talk to her. She still cooks everyday at 92! 
The restaurant is also an art gallery with a wonderful collection of African-American folk art. Quite a treat! Do yourself a favor and visit this NOLA institution.I had to give three stars and the stars are because the staff was very nice , the scenery was very nice, but the food wasn't too good. Seems like everything was straight out of a can. Nothing had season on it. SorryWent here for Friday night dinner with significant other and his parents. I love the art work in the restaurant. Their menu is small, mostly fried, but they do have good fried chicken. The meat has the flavor, not the batter. And it's very juicy. Most of us ordered the special shrimp Clemenceau. The reason I'm not rating this a 5 is our waiter. He was slow to respond...and it looked like the service overall was slow. From seated to leaving the restaurant, it took 2.5 hours!  We also think he let our shrimp sit for too long in the back which is why the potatoes were not crispy. I'd go here for lunch, but not dinner again.We had such a lovely time here.  We went on Friday night for dinner.  The restaurant had been named place for best fried chicken that day, so of course we had to try it.  I ordered the chicken and my friend ordered the seafood platter and we shared.  The service was wonderful, and when we sent our compliments to Mrs Leah, the waiter said "oh, you can tell her yourself".  We then followed him to the kitchen and we met Mrs Chase.  She was absolutely as sweet and welcoming as you would think.  We had a wonderful conversation with this amazing woman and it was the highlight of our trip to New Orleans.This review is for To-Go of the gumbo. Look after eating at Willie Mae's, we really could not stomach another full sit down meal. I've read that the gumbo is amazing, and that's all I really wanted to try. We went to the take out section, ordered a pint of gumbo to go. They were sweet and gave us little bowls and extra spoons knowing we would be sharing. After walking from Dookie Chase back to the French Quarter, and finding an outdoor space, we decided we needed a break. It was time to try some gumbo, and it was darn good. Especially since we had walked almost 30 minutes, and it was still good! The tastes were subtle and very authentic.A NO soul food haven! You must eat here to get great honest NO spirit. Go for lunch and you won't be disappointed by the buffet. If you're lucky (and have her nephew as your waiter) you just might get to meet Mrs. Chase- the legend!! ;-)Thoroughly enjoyed this place. Definitely a place to come if you want legit soul food and an authentic taste of New OrleansLove the atmosphere and its rich history, but I was disappointed with the food. We had the lunch buffet and it was pretty lackluster. I enjoyed the crawfish & corn chowder and peach cobbler, but that's about it. The staff was attentive and friendly, but the buffet food missed the mark for me.Very good food, very slow and bad service.  Our server was extra slow. I had finished my lunch and my son still did not have his meal (chicken nuggets and fries.) When I asked him about the meal he replied that they forgot and are now filling the order. If I had not stopped and asked, my son would not have his meal.
Ok the food was very delicious!  The red beans and rice, fried chicken and peach cobbler was awsome.  I guess the great food makes up for the bad service.I went to Dooky Chase during the Essence Festival 2018 and the food was NASTY.  I have never been to a soul food restaurant and you smell nothing cooking.  The food was not fresh at all...They served us canned food, vegetables, and spoiled lima beans.  My friends did not want to make a big deal so we paid $124 for rotten food and left it on the table.  The next day I was sick from the appetizers that I did eat.  
Don't listen to people that it good because Obama went there...AVOID THIS PLACE.  You will surely get sick.  NASTY A.. FOOD!!  
I spoke to a local and she said Dooky's not cooking anymore so they should close it down.If one is familiar with cookery one knows of Leah Chase , the Queen of Creole cuisine. Dooky Chase is pretty much an institution in New Orleans for Creole Cajun fare.  Ok, that said, you gotta' go just because.  Location in the Treme, it's off the beaten path for many tourists but a spot well worth seeking for food and African American art in a fine dining atmosphere. We enjoyed the lunch buffet which provides a wide variety but can order off the regular menu which is always available. Family operated, you will be treated to a warm welcome and wonderful food for the soul.Visited New Orleans for a week, loved this place so much I came here twice. We had the same servers both times and they are so sweet and nice and they remembered us and our orders. Let's face it, you go to your same Starbucks way more times and they still can't remember you. Their Arnold palmer is so delicious as well as everything on their buffet. The ambiance, artworks and overall interior is very cute for its theme and history. I wish I could've met Ms Chase but regardless the food, chicken, soups, pasta, jambalaya and everything was exceptional. Chicken was so juicy, everything had flavor, I would come back again! Peach cobbler was excellent with the ice cream but a bit too much for me to finish. Giving it five stars because they really deserved it.Busy Place
This restaurant has been around for a while and deservedly so.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful.  We had the buffet lunch.  Unfortunately, the buffet area was extremely messy and sloppy looking which isn't the most appealing.  Fortunately, the food was quite good.  I especially enjoyed the fried chicken.Omg!! Just wow! Everything is delicious! I can't even think of the words to describe how great this food is. I'm so full but I still want more!! And the peach cobbler made me melt in my seat..
Great vibe and service had a great experience in New Orleans and this place is the cherry on top. I am from Cali and I will definitely come back on my next visit.I think there is a lot of history here......I don't want to discount that.  But, here is my experience on my visit:
Not great.
I avoided the buffett.....probably good items but when we were there they had sat too long and I didn't want to  bet the rest of my day on it.
I ordered a fried catfish from the menue.   What I was delivered was a stuffed shrimp or crab or something.  I pointed out the error and waited 15/20 mins for the catfish to arrive. 
The catfish was very good.  The side of mac-n-cheese- was good......but obviously really old.
This place has a great history which I do not deny or refute.  My visit here was by far a less than desirable experience to a historic place.Excellent food. Excellent atmosphere. But mainly excellent food. The buffet is outstanding. Come in here with an appetite.I went to this fabulous restaurant at New Orleans airport I was on my way back home to Cali.  I just want to say I had the best Creole gumbo and fried chicken EVER!!!! I know they have another location by the French Quarter I didn't have a chance to go there but I was glad there was one at the airport. Next time I'm back in New Orleans I'm definitely going to Dooky Chases!!!This historical significance and ambiance gets a star.  Touched down NOLA and was looking for something to eat, preferably take out. Willie Mae's which is down the street from where I'm staying, was closed. Fell upon DC. Walked in and was told it was a 45 minutes wait. Lies! We waited over 2 hours to be seated, which by then was near closing time. Ordered the fried chicken (oily and hella bland), something of a side salad, barely there yams, and side of mac. The mac was nasty. It was all disgusting. Believe the reviews. The food and is SO NOT worth the 2-hours plus wait. I want my time back.Fried chicken is EVERYTHING!! Cool art work, good drinks, really can't go wrong with anything you get! I didn't know this is the restaurant of the real life Tiana from the princess and the frog! Really cool vibes. Highly recommended! Enjoy!This 3 and half star place is pretty good -- well, I rounded up. I wouldn't say it is a strong 4, but it's close enough. When I went on a Tuesday afternoon for 1:15PM, there was no line. I should also state it is hecka-ghetto outside. Then when you step inside, it has a classy ambiance oddly enough. 
Most lunch dishes run around $15 or more so it isn't cheap. However, they do offer a buffet (priced at $17.95). Since I couldn't pick a specific dish, I just stuck with the buffet -- which this review is based on:
1. It comes with a vegetable soup. And wow, pretty good. Fresh ingredients; solid taste.
2. They had spaghetti and meatballs (average); fried chicken (pretty good); read beans and rice (average)...
3. For the other items on the buffet: white rice is average (I rarely ever like rice in restaurants in Americanized restaurants); collard greens (good); salad (average); green beans (pretty good); sausage (ok)...
4. Dessert - the buffet came with a peach cobbler and it had the consistency of a sweet potato pie, which isn't my favorite.
Overall, it was pretty good. I wouldn't say it is amazing but good enough to recommend.The food here was great!! We showed up at 1050 (it opens at 11) and the line was already growing. Even with 30 people ahead of us we were seated fairly quickly. The food was fresh and seasoned well. The wait staff was attentive even with a demanding crowd of people. I am going back for dinner tomorrow. Definitely recommend this place!ThIs is a lovely family run establishment and the inspiration behind The Princess and The Frog. I like to bring visitors here because the buffet is great for a sampler of Southern food - gumbo + everything on the buffet + peach cobbler. Buffet has fried chicken, salad, and usually greens, sausage, and other sides such as mac and cheese, etc. Be ready to eat when you go!Sorry, but after all the hype, the food lacked favor. They only bought out the fried chicken a little at a time and kept running out. This is a buffet? The peach cobbler was runny. The service was fine.all you can eat authentic nawlins food??? what more can you ask for? the fried chicken was tender inside, crispy outside and not oily. even tho willie mae is literally around the corner, this place can give her a run for her money. the sausage was a little salty for my taste but very soft and tender. the only thing they can improve on would be the catfish. they were small and dry but i washed it down with the spiciest margarita i've ever had!Food was good but the service was horrible.  Our waiter made us wait excessively for refills, desserts, and even to get our check.  This is unfortunate because eating at this staple restaurant in New Orleans was suppose to be the highlight of our trip. My guess is that or waiter was family and could careless about the service he provided. The food though, was great.Do not miss this place while you are in New Orleans...wow!  Home cookin' at it's finest and one of my very favorite meals during my vacation.  Wish I had met Leah while I was there.   I enjoyed the buffet...jambalaya, whitefish cakes, the best I ever had fried chicken, yummy mac and cheese, greens, peach cobbler, and more.  The price is a bit high, yet very worth it.   Will you deliver to Chicago?  Yum!I have been having my eye on coming to this place for a long time, due to  the operating hours  it was  difficult fitting  it in my schedule when I would be visiting New Orleans.  Finally, I made it and boy was I disappointed!  The gumbo was like water with a coloring added to it, the stuff shrimp need plenty of help and the chicken tasted like it was fried in burnt grease.  I was so excited when I got there, I didn't mind waiting an hour to be seated and 50 minutes after seating to place my order, but once the food arrived at the table and  entered my mouth disappointment quickly settled in...Moist and tender fried chicken with a subtle spicy kick awaits you at Dooky Chase. The buffet includes soup and dessert and is well worth the wait. Do yourself a favor by showing up close to 11am--when they open--to avoid the worst of the rush hour line. They could use a hand to spruce up the bar, but the place is clean and I'd highly recommend them.I've heard about this place and was excited to check it out. When I arrived, it took 15 minutes to get my name on a list (no one was in front of me) and 45 minutes to get seated.
Still, I was excited. Well, the excitement left when I tasted the food. The greens were dry. The rice was hard. The fried chicken had no flavor and was greasy. The peach cobbler tasted like a fruit cup. The sausage was probably the good part. 
I am for the history of this place but not the food. A native of Nola told me that I probably went on the day her son cooked. He's more health conscious hence the dry food.Great lunch buffet! Fried chicken was excellent... Gumbo so so! Yams and macaroni cheese were flavorful and hit the spot!Wanted to check out the famous Dooky Chase and was not disappointed. Enjoyed all of the buffet items, especially the fried chicken and the peach cobbler. I also ordered the gumbo as I heard theirs was very good, and felt that it was even better than their chicken. Loved the decor too.I haven't eaten at Dooky Chase since my college days. 3The food is still good and plentiful. The service is also good and they make you feel like family.The chicken is great and my wife enjoyed the stuffed shrimp. If you count your calories or carbs, this is not the restaurant for you, because this will be your only meal for a couple of days. The decor of African American Art is also pleasing to the eyes. I don't do buffets, but they do have one with a variety of choices. I will be going back on my next visit to New Orleans.Ms. Chase is a god damn national treasure! We mainly came here to meet her after seeing interviews of her and it was well worth it. We came really late at night (sat around 9pm) and didn't leave until about 10:30pm-11pm, and Ms. Chase was still working! She ended up coming to our table and spoke with us for about 20 minutes even after everyone had already left. It was such a pleasure to be able to meet her. I would recommend making a reservation before coming as the place is busy! Even with our reservation, we had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated.
As for the food, the gumbo here was the best gumbo I've ever had. It came with a small piece of crab. I still have dreams about this gumbo. A small cup was definitely not enough. Another dish I highly recommend is the Shrimp Clemenceau. it's not on the menu, so you have to ask if they have it but it is so freaking good. The shrimp is perfectly cooked, the potatoes crispy, and the butter sauce so rich! We also ordered the fried chicken, fried oysters, jumbalaya, and pork chop. The main standouts though were the gumbo and shrimp clemenceau. 
I cannot recommend them or meeting Ms. Chase highly enough!One of my favorite places to eat in the United States. Ms. Leah is amazing. I. Bought both of her cookbooks, and try to have the lunch buffet 2 times a week. I LOVE THE FRIED CHICKEN. On Fridays they have fried fish!! It is fresh with bone in! I LOVE IT!!!Our Uber driver recommended this place.  The food was good but the atmosphere and staff were excellent so four stars!.  A very fun lunch- tasty shrimp and Mac 'n cheese.Always a pleasure to go to this restaurant.  Have been fortunate to meet Mrs. Leah Chase at each of my visit....wonderful lady...You need to add this restaurant to your bucket list if you've never gone there.  Food is always good.  Easy parking.  Lovely decor inside....Was very excited to try this restaurant...we walked in with empty stomachs and were treated to such a pleasant hostess who made us feel welcome and relaxed. The large red dining room makes it feel like you're eating in someone's home but spaced far apart enough where you don't feel like you're encroaching on someone else's conversation. Opted for the lunch buffet and also for two tasty bowls of gumbo. The buffet items were a great deal (around $17/pp) and were plentiful and varied...red beans and rice, jambalaya, fried chicken, potato salad, green salad, green beans and more...a great way to sample a little bit of everything. This is a casual yet venerable space in a working neighborhood that was heavily damaged by Katrina...you feel the pride of the staff as well as the patrons who continued to shuffle in and out. A great mix of locals and tourists alike. Check out the artwork on the walls as well as the photo of President Obama. Service was nice but a bit slow at times. Would like to try other items when if we visit again.As this is the real Princess Tiana's restaurant, I came in with elevated expectations. Dooky Chase's really embodies the soul of New Orleans. If you're looking for a place to eat representative of the city, I would definitely check it out. We all tried the buffet because it was about $20 per person while each entree on the menu was about $15. The brussel sprouts were amazing, which might be an oxymoron. The catfish was pretty good as well. However, my brother's was much more salty, which ruined his palatte. The fried chicken was well fried, but not well seasoned. Their gumbo was extremely disappointing, for it tasted like seasoned tomato soup sprinkled with rice and seafood. The service was mediocre - not great but not awful. Overall, I'd say it captures the heart of NOLA, and the food is good but not great. In addition, the restaurant is located in a ghetto area, so if you're from out of town, I recommend visiting during the day.HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Food was cold. Waited one hour and a half for food that came out cold. Lack of staff is unfathomable. Couldn't even get water. Will not return and will not recommend to anyone. 
Very disappointed since this is supposed to be a New Orleans classic!Buffet is $19.95 and is very small. Restaurant has nice white linen tablecloths and napkins; service was very good. Breaded pork chops were a bit dry but fried chicken was excellent. Disappointed they did not have potato salad. They brought cobbler to table for dessert.
3 stars instead of 4 because of limited items.I came because it's a historical staple in New Orleans. I assumed the food would be great, unfortunately it was below average. I still think it's worth a visit if you're from out of town, just don't expect an amazing dining experience. I had the buffet ( it included some type of baked chicken, fried chicken, red beans and rice, corn, greens, green beans, macaroni and salad). It's not an extensive amount of food to choose from. Everything I tried was bland. Edible but lacked any originality that would make me chose this soul food over a different option.LOVE IT!!! Had Thanksgiving dinner and it was great. The gumbo w. the andouie sausage was great. It was buffet style, no menus to order off of. My mom was a little disappointed b/c she wanted to try a turducken but he turkey w/oyster dressing hit the spot. Definitely have to go back again before she leaves. Ms. Leah Chase was absolutely adorable when she came shuffling out the kitchen to meet and greet everyone.. she was even nice enough to take a picture with us. I love patronizing upscale African-American businesses. Now I see why she is so well loved in the community. Definitely a New Orleans must see!!!We arrived in the early afternoon on the 8th of December and we were told to wait for about 25 minutes by a nice and polite lady. When it was our time, after waiting for about 20 minutes, we were seated. The restaurant was busy and there was a buffet option as well as set orders. I ordered fried chicken with stewed okra for $16 which wasn't anything out of the ordinary. In fact, I ate better fried chicken at KFC or at Cracker Barrel. Along with the food I also ordered some iced tea which I found quite lousy (it tasted like dirty tap water). The service was decent. I just did not enjoy my fried chicken meal so I paid and left somewhat disappointed.Wondering if we all visited the same Dooky Chase Restaurant here.  We went and were not that impressed with this place.  We understand the history and cult following that Dooky has maintained but that doesn't account for our average experience here.  We were excited to try her place but found the Gumbo less than desirable and the other items average at best.   Perhaps they had an off day but we can't say this is a 5-Star establishment.  We will give it a second chance for sure.It was so BAD. We had to wait almost an hour for a table. The hostess had to clear and clean the tables as well as seat us. We got the buffet which by this time was cold and not very tasty. We told the waiter who said they would not be putting anything else out. We requested bread which they brought out when we were finished eating as well as a drink refill. The waiter told me as we left to get there early next time when everything is HOT. Pitiful buffet pitiful service pitiful food and was so looking forward to going there. Lea Chase what happened? It's sad you walk in and see pictures of Presidents eating there with BIG smiles on their faces. Bet they weren't treated like that or served THAT food.  the bread was like a cold hoagie bun with a garlic spread pretty bad when you can even ruin bread and butter in a city known for their wonderful French bread. OK  I think I'm done. The dining room was nice.Came here for lunch on a Friday. Wish I would have made reservations because the wait was over an hour. The food was okay, I have had better soul food at restaurants that add cheaper. The best thing there was the gumbo, it was great!Dooky Chase Restaurant is the holy temple of Creole soul food, historically significant and delicious.  The lunch buffet is worth the trip, even if service is more than a little relaxed.  But some of the best fried chicken in the whole world.  I appreciate its part in history as a linen table cloth restaurant / refuge for the civil rights leadership.Had the lunch buffet today with family birthday celebration for my cousin who choose the restaurantTo say I was unimpressed is an understatement.The red beans were so heavily seasoned with thyme that  you could not eat it .Other dishes such as the Jambalya,shrimp creole and smothered cabbage was again heavily seasoned with thyme.The mixed vegetables were a mushy mess and the obrien potatoes were just hunks of tasteless boiled potatoes.The fried chicken tasted like old grease and was dry and seemed to have been there awhile. I was so disappointed knowing of Leah Chase 's reputation as an excellent cook.I am a native New Orleanian and I know good food and today's meal was AWFUL!I ate there today and the food was excellent.  We had a large party, 12 people, and they were able to sit us at lunch time with only a short wait.  The waitress was very friendly.  We all decided on the lunch buffet, which is a great deal by the way.  You get gumbo and garlic bread, the full buffet, and then the incredible peach cobbler, all for $17.  
The fried chicken was hot, not at all greasy, and delicious.  The red beans and rice are very good and I think seasoned with rosemary.  The veggies were out of this world - perfect greens and the cabbage was literally the best I've ever eaten.  I really need to know how they make that cabbage.  It was umami central, perfectly seasoned and extraordinarily delicious. I tried a little jambalaya - very tasty, and also tried the roast beef - just OK.  
We all loved the food.  As an old time New Orleanian, it is surprising this was actually my first time at Dooky's.  It won't be the last.  Oh, and Leah Chase let us go in the kitchen, told us stories, and let us take photos with her.  All around a great and memorable experience.The staff is very friendly and seem to appear from thin air with another glass of water, your appetizer, and desert. It's almost like they can tell you're ready for what's next. Anyway, the fried chicken is awesome! So is the sausage. The place doesn't look like anything special on the outside but when you walk inside it's a different story. You can almost feel the old tradition and class this place exudes once you first step foot in the door. Bottom line - real good down south home cooking!We felt fortunate to visit Mrs. Chase's restaurant, both for the history and the food.  We opted for individual menu items instead of the buffet, and they were nothing short of great.  Perhaps the best and freshest fried chicken I've ever had.  The gumbo and shrimp clemenceau are also must-tries.Does not live up to the mythology or hype it has gotten. We had a 7:30 reservation for two and stood at the hostess desk for ~10 minutes, waiters passing us by 10 times or so without a word. No hostess in sight. Finally seated at about 7:45. Served garlic bread (garlicky and nice tasting, but the bread itself was just grocery store "Italian-style" bread) and a salad that had nothing but chopped romaine and two slices of fairly white tomato. We saw other tables get salad that seemed to have more ingredients, weird inconsistencies.
Between sitting and main course, at LEAST 90 minutes went by, which is absolutely insane. The extremely kind waitress did apologize and said there were two large parties that were slowing down the kitchen. I don't think any of the other tables of 2-4 people got food during this time either. We had reservations, the big parties probably did as well since tables are scarce. Why wasn't the restaurant prepared for all of the diners who made reservations?
For mains, GF got the fried chicken which was good, but not like the best fried chicken I've ever had or anything that would justify the wait. Did taste slightly burnt as others have mentioned. She didn't like the okra, it looked steamed? She ate a bite or two and pushed it aside.
I ordered the pork chop and twice baked potato (called something else on the menu, but that's what it is essentially). My pork chop was sitting in a pool of yam goop from the huge lumps of (I'm pretty sure canned) yams on the other end of the plate. Yams were an option as a side on their own, and I don't like yams. Needless to say, I didn't particularly like my pork chop marinated in yam goop either. The chops were also somewhat shy of 1/4 of an inch thick and cooked to death -- dry and tough to cut, even with the provided steak knife. The dish also included toast for some reason? One piece was burnt to black on one side, I didn't eat either one because why I don't really know why it was there to begin with, and because it, too, was soaked in yam goop. All in all, the food was very disappointing, especially up against the 90 minute wait. I ate my whole potato because it was by far the best thing in my meal (and unaffected by yam goop), 3/4 of one of the pork chops (which means I ate probably 2 oz of pork max), and my girlfriend shared her chicken with me since I was still starving.
We debated getting dessert but decided we didn't want to potentially wait for another 60 minutes or whatever it was going to be for some mediocre dessert. Paid our bill (after waiting for the waitress for about ten minutes after she dropped off the bill) and left.
All in all, absolutely not worth the wait for either of us. The food and the decor (gotta love that maroon indoor/outdoor carpeting on the floor) scream, "decent catering hall." Maybe the buffet is faster and cheaper and therefore worth it? I'd never go back for another dinner service, and I can't think of a reason why anyone else should either.From the dramatic chandeliers to the plush red velvet drapery to the antique seating to the food that feeds your soul.  This restaurant is highly regarded and a must if you are ever in the New Orleans area.  
The first time I ate at Dooky Chase's was for my grandparents 50th anniversary.  I remember pulling up to the restaurant and thinking, "where in the heck, this looks like a shack". However when the door opened and our senses were filled with the aromatic flavor or love, food and soul; my mouth immediately began to water.
The menu is pricey but well worth it.  Everytime, I'm in the Big Easy, I make a point to stop by and feast.  The staff is professional and work very hard to create the best dinning experience imaginable.   I gladly give this restaurant 5 stars!!!Cautious in the beginning but comatose when I left. With a name like Dooky Chase you cant help but giggle really, but compose yourself and go! 2 options, order off the menu or do the buffet. Recommend doing the buffet because it has everything on the menu for a set price!! Sure you dont get (insert item) with garlic sauce and mushrooms but I assure you that you will live. The staff was courteous, attentive and friendly. The food was scrumptious. GO! GO! GO!Went for lunch buffet gumbo came out cold. Service super slow. Ordered a la carte seafood platter and also broiled catfish plate. Broiled Catfish was spoiled. Fried chicken sitting in chafer for a while no attendance chicken was tough. Waited 15 after asking for fresh. Greens frozen not really good. Stewed okra too many dried herbs overpowering. Yams were ok. Rice on Buffett undercooked or maybe been sitting long time to get hard. 
They may need to either get some good help in there or put this old thing out of its misery.I'm a native and only go to dookys when outta town guests insist; otherwise I think it does a great disservice to our local food.    I think it's a dog.