It's impossible for us to find a parking space along the street, while it was raining and got darkness, simply we just gave up.Doris Metropolitan has a pretty awesome Menu and the prices are little high, but in-line with other restaurants in the area of the same caliber. The Service was Stellar!This place has the best lamb chops ever. They have a nice savory flavor. The service is great and the manager is sooo nice! Amazing customer service.Love this place awesome food!! We had the Carpaccio and stuffed beet both very good 
My bf steak was over cooked so that was disappointing but overall great foodFive stars isn't enough for the staff (Desiree was an absolutely consummate rockstar), the meal or the amazing drinks by Andy.  Every last detail is accounted for without pretense. The food is spectacular! I'm a vegetarian and my dinner date is a full on carnivore, yet we were both completely happy with the selection.As good as it gets for steak is on point! I split the larger Tenderloin (12 oz.) and the Asparagus Gratin with a friend and it was perfect! They don't even give you steak knives because the meat is tender enough to slice with a table knife (true). The Tenderloin cut is served with bone marrow which significantly weirded me out at first but I'll try anything and it was great with the steak! The asparagus was awesome! Topped with truffle oil and Parmesan I believe. Our table shared a few appetizers and the best by far was the Carpaccio sampling of the specialty meat of that night (Wagyu). I also tried the Chilean Sea Bass which would have been my second choice for entree but was in the mood for steak as this is a place known for it's meats. Can't wait to go back! Love the decor as well.We were in NOLA enjoying our anniversary. Doris Metropolitan was recommended by a fellow foodie friend who was seriously impressed with his dining experience. So we booked a table, and we were not disappointed. 
The interior is beautifully, and you are greeted with the sight of the beef aging in the cold room right as you enter. The mix of modern and old charm in this very old building was very appealing. The service was top rate. Never do you lack attention whether it is questions with the menu options, or keeping your water glass full. Our steaks were perfect, and we ordered the optional seared Fois Gras, which was also perfect. Plus, my wife's option came with the bone marrow, which added even more flavor. Think of the best steakhouses you have dined at, and Doris is at least as good if not better. The ambiance is warm and comfortable. The wait staff is friendly and very knowledgeable. We ordered the dark chocolate flourless cake with hazelnut cream for dessert, paired with a nice tawny port, it was sublime. 
One note about the location. Doris is deep within the French Quarter. Forget parking there, and valet service is not offered. I suggest using Uber or another service. Much more convenient.Really great steak. Carnivore focused menu with sweatbreads, marrow... which I love, but isn't for everyone. Wine menu was pretty one sided toward the robust cabs while offerings for sweeter side was limited.  you'd expect this at a steak joint, but on a big wine list, it wouldn't hurt to offer some riesling etc. Service left a bit to be desired, the only reason 4/5. I'd come backThis was our best meal in NO and one of the best ribeye steaks I can ever remember eating anywhere in my 50+ years of dinning out.  Our server, Lynn V was attentive and helpful.  She also suggested I would appreciate the flavor of my 31 day aged steak if I took it a tad closer into Medium than my preferred MR.  I took a leap of faith, and I can only say the meat could not have been taster, at reasonably priced at $50 for a high quality steak.  My wife was enameled with her Sea Bass.  My son loved his veal cheek - I just thought it was a bit pricey at $32 for that particular dish.  My daughter enjoyed her chicken dish, but found it too sweet for her taste.  The thing was, there was nothing n the description to convey that it would be a sweet dish.  Other memorable dishes were the tuna tartar appetizer at $15, the asparagus, and a most delicious creamy smooth polenta.  The polenta left me craving more, and I felt the portion was a little small.  On the other hand, the asparagus portion was really too big for the 4 of to complete, although I managed to eventual clean the serving plate before dessert.  I know others have mentioned the breads as outstanding.  Equally the maitre'd though highly of this complimentary spread.i We have no complaints, but it just did seem like anything special - and we are bread lovers.  We ended our meal by sharing a dessert called Chocolate Semifreddo.  I must say that after such a spectacular dinning experience, this dessert was a big let down.  For me it was like eating a lightly burned cookie.  Little flavor, richness, or texture.  And I have no idea why the tiny serving goes for $10.00 - but I would have been disappointed if we'd paid $2.00.  I read another recent post that also came to a similar conclusion on Doris' desserts.
In summary, this restaraunt should be a must stop if you visit the French Quarter.  Be prepared to pay about $60-70 pp for  amazing starters, entrees, and sides dishes that offer good value.  But I would recommend taking a short stroll through the French Quarter to let dinner settle, and findi your dessert elsewhere.Wow we did not expect to have so much fun in a steakhouse in New Orleans, it was sooooo gooooodddd!!!! The meat was perfectly cooked, the atmosphere was so fun every appetizer was right on the spot, the eggplant the beets OMG so good!!!! We will be going to Dori's in the future or sureI usually don't leave mixed reviews but this 4 star restaurant left us unsatisfied and with a big bill.  Staff was friendly but left the order incomplete.  My wife had to send her steak back and could have sent it back again.  And as a local it's getting harder to travel to the French Quarter due to parking restrictions.YUMMMMMMMM! Came here to celebrate my birthday dinner on our trip to NOLA and it was great! We ordered the tuna tartare and the Chateaubriand tartare to start with and both were fresh and bursting with flavor. For our main course we both ordered the bone in ribeye and it was perfectly cooked. Nice char on the outside and delicious. The steak was also so flavorful. The only thing that was not great were the drinks. I ordered an amaretto sour and it tasted nothing like it. Sort of tasted like Robitussin. The truffled polenta is to die for here as a side. I almost did not want to share it! I should've sent it back, but our waiter was so nice I felt bad!I've been to Doris at least a dozen times. The food and service are always spectacular. It's my favorite upscale place. I'm always a tad let down when choosing to go elsewhere within the same price point.  I've dined there super dressed up and extremely casual, receiving no dirty looks and the same service on each occasion. The apps are large making them a great lunch option. I like that they dabble in molecular gastronomy but it's not the focus of the place. Seafood isn't treated as a side piece, I find it equal to the steak. Outstanding bar and coffee program, as well.Oh Doris. How more delicious and elegant can you be? My lovely Doris. 
Ambiance: The doorway was the most difficult thing to open but once we were in, I just fell in love with the decor and design. On the left was a window where we could see all of the aged meats and beautiful presentations of the meat at the foreground. The room seemed like a cross between a chic, modern refrigerator and Francis Bacon's paintings of meat in the background. A very innovative way of portraying the highlight dishes of the restaurant. Once I was able to stop gawking at the meats, I entered the main dining area and saw a little bar placed against the open stove, where chefs were busily preparing dishes. Then, if the beauty of hanging meat wasn't enough to attract my eyes, the walls of floating shelves with bottles of wine certainly did. Filled from top to bottom, the floating shelves were just again a beautifully, creative way to highlight the elegance of wine. The tables were moderately spaced and just romantically, dimly lit. 
Food: OH. MY. GOD. I am trying to refrain from sounding like a 16 year old squealing girl but the food was just amazing. Almost every dish made me want to cry in happiness. Whoever's taste palate designed these dishes obviously met up with my taste buds and had some fantastic loving. For our appetizers, we ordered Tuna Tartare and Calamari Salad. The tuna tartare was delicious, of course, with a lightness from a sprig of green and light masago. The white sauce underneath was a perfect compliment to the tuna and the tuna was just minced right, not too small and not too chunky. I was already impressed at this point and then I tasted the Calamari Salad. Truly, if you can't afford anything else or just go on a 1-dish restaurant hopping (which I occasionally do), get the Calamari Salad. Get it! It's light. It's refreshing and it's calamari done beautifully. It is doused in some type of delicious oil and has all the greens to relieve the guilt of the heavy protein from meats later. It just hit my palate in a way that makes my taste buds sing like angels from heaven. Maybe they put angel tears in there. Who knows? All I knew was I wanted more and a second visit was a necessity for this dish. So, after being amazed by calamari (and I'm not even that big of a squid fan), the steaks came out. Yes, what the restaurant is known for. Was I nervous with high expectations? Yes, yes, I was. We got a medium 31 day aged Rib Eye and a medium rare 31 day aged Bone-In New York Strip. I am not a huge fan of steak but when it is marinated well, I will eat it all. Needless to say, there was very little meat left. Both pieces had wonderful flavor and a juiciness that was delectable. Not my favorite steak ever, but definitely top 3, coming only behind my mom's homemade steaks. They were tender and juicy and just so delicious. These two steaks definitely filled out stomach but who could resist dessert? We then ordered Halvah and Olive Oil Cake. For desserts, they were good but not great. By this time, our stomachs were full and the desserts were more heavy than needed. The Halvah has a cake layer and the Olive Oil Cake was just cake with ice cream. Good flavor profile but still way too dense after such a high protein meal. Even with the lightness of the parfait, the Halvah was a little too dense for me. We also ordered Asparagus Gratin but, like its place in this review, it was an afterthought. Delicious, if I was not already overwhelmed by the meat. 
Service: We had a lovely, lovely waitress. She was polite yet very funny and sweet. She consistently made sure we were okay and asked if we needed anything else. My glass of water was never empty for more than two seconds. She was timely and efficient in bringing out the dishes and her fellow co-worker gave succinct and informative descriptions of each dish as they were laid out. We adored our waitress and she adored us. She gave us a free shot each for being awesome customers. How could we not love her? 
Final thoughts: Overall, a wonderful fine dining experience with delicious food that was well worth the price. My definite favorite of the evening was the Calamari Salad with the two steaks in a close second. 10/10 recommend and will definitely go again! What do they put in their food? Who knows? Probably angel tears.Atmosphere and food is just superb. Also service is impeccable very clean modern one of my favorite restaurantsThe food was great- ribeye, salad, asparagus, carpaccio, bread, tuna, wine, coffee, all of it. And reasonably priced for the quality and location. We were quickly accommodated in the courtyard on a very busy weekend night, which was great. Service was excellent. The bar was slammed during our short wait and we still got a bottle of wine in no time from a very friendly and helpful bartender.
I ordered my ribeye medium rare- it was closer to medium. It was still delicious so I didn't send it back, I'm sure they would've corrected it if I had. The server said that they had steak knives if we wanted one but that it should cut fine with a butter knife. It cut ok but I would've preferred a sharp knife, I don't really like smashing my meat to help a restaurant demonstrate how tender it is.
The presentation was also beautiful but the tables are very small for the huge plates they choose to display the food on, so there were some technical difficulties in ordering multiple dishes at a table of 4. Like, serious difficulties. But the atmosphere, service and food quality were wonderful, I'll definitely return.Best restaurant in New Orleans!!! Such a good food! Stake made to perfection! Great atmosphere! Best appetizer, best meat, best desert! Had the best time! Highly recommend!!! Vote number 1 !!! Love itI work and live the food business. I also live in NYC and was surprise to find my new favorite resturant all the way down in New Orleans. 
From the nice lady at the front desk that welcomed everyone with a large smile, the manager that made sure that everything is fine and the chef that ensured that our stake has the perfect temperature. 
Our waiter was very professional. I had the New York Strip. My meat was so juicy and fresh that was not require a stake knife to cut it. I eat a lot of meat, the best stake I had in the past several years. We also had the tuna tartar, was perfect!
The wine list had some unique wines from all over the world. We took the waiter recommendation for the Israeli bland wine. It was so good that we took a second bottle. 
The price was fair, it was not cheap but this type of resturant in NYC or LA would be even 30% more expansive. 
I have noting bad to say about this place. I can only hope they will open a spot in NYC.Outstanding steak house but the staff makes the place. I recommend sitting at the bar as close to the kitchen as possible.... what a show.We went on a Friday evening. I had the filet. It was absolutely delicious!  Asparagus was perfect.  Seabass was cooked well bur alittle salty.  A little pricey but a very good meal.Best effing meal we have had ever!!! Get the butchers board! It was awesome... One of the top three meals I have ever had I'm NOLA, and we come often...Great, yet pricey option for an American steakhouse. Tuna sides are fantastic; the bone marrow and aged rib eye are amazing.I don't want to overdo it, so to put it simply.....this is the best meal I have ever had......on earth.....in life. We made reservations for our anniversary and it was mind blowing. We started dinner with the lamb chops. Amazing, so tender. Just really really good. For my entree, I had the "classified cut" of steak. They won't tell you what part of the cow you're actually eating, but whatever secret part of the cows anatomy  it is, it's  freaking spectacular. Flavor of a ribeye without the excess fat. My wife chose the red snapper, which was not on the menu, but that was a great piece of fish. Usually I prefer my fish deep fried and covered in cornmeal, but this fish dish was great. Delicate piece of fish that was beautifully cooked. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was amazing, plus the entire staff was very friendly. Sure it was pricey, but worth every penny and I will happily pay for that meal again.This restaurant stands out from the places I've visited her in New Orleans. This is a high-end steakhouse that severs great steaks from rib eyes to Kobe, both American and Japanese. 
I would say this is 70% traditional steakhouse and 30% new/experimental. To this combination was great, I had something avant-garde appetizer called 'Beetroot Supreme' which was great. For main course I had the 'Classified cut'. This is from a secret (??) part of the animal, is full of flavor and is similar to a rib eye in juiciness. Highly recommended!A favorite in Nola. Order family style so you can try it all. The beets appetizer is a favorite, and you can't go wrong with any of the others! All of the meat was delicious and cut in front of you with a great presentation. 
Sit on the patio. Very cute. Dessert was just ok but that's also compared to others in NolaOnce again....the best ever. Literally came here, to nola, for this place. BEST steak ever!!!! I brought my parents here to try it...we are from Southern California!! Let me tell you....not disappointed! They loved it just as much. 
Unfortunately, I was not able to make reservations. So we, once again, walked in. It was an hour for the table so we sat at the bar hoping to share a bottle of wine. Well, service was so good we stayed at the bar. Ozzy was the best service we have received here in New Orleans. 
I ordered the tenderloin with bone marrow. I know it sounds weird and looks weird. It is amazing!!!!! What sets it apart, as well is the salts on the side. Yum!!!!!!
Husband ordered the bone in ribeye. Let me tell you..equally as tender. However, had to order bone marrow separately. But, let me tell you, do it. It is soooooo worth it 
Overall, COME HERE IT IS WORTH ITokay. did not have steak as it is very pricey, so went for burger which was soooo salty, bun was a snooze even though it looked like it was going to be crusty and perfect. but nice atmosphere and elegant and quiet, for a different kind of vibe in the QuarterSteak was not cooked as requested and the management never showed their face to ask if there was something they could do.  I will never darken the doors of this place again.I heard some great things about this place, so we decided to see what the hype was. After finally finding the front door we found some space at the bar. The ambience is great. (Thats the stars)
The initial greeting by the bartender was horrible - Flat, unwelcoming and just down right abysmal. She put a sour taste in our mouth and we hadn't even eaten anything. Not sure if she even wanted to work there!!! I can keep going on but there is more... Another bartender offered us some bread which was great. Drinks were fresh and delightful (the other stars). 
So we ordered with the bartender...every interaction with her just was painful. 
The food came out... The butcher cut steak was highly recommended so that's what we ordered along with a ribeye. The butcher steak (recommended to be cooked medium)came out cold and rare..the other steak we orders was blue!!!! The nasty mushroom base was tasteless and bland. At least the fries were tasty. After returning the steaks they came back medium. If this is supposed to be known for its steaks....why can't they cook them right!!!
Overall.... Will not be going back, which was the same consensus with the other 3 people     
Who ever put the bartender back there needs there head examined!!Unplanned dinner last night in town. Hostess found us a table and the food was great. Server was a bit reluctant to create a vegetarian option so I ordered a couple of starters. No problem. It all worked out fine.Made reservations online, arrived and we were seated promptly. I had the 31 day aged ribeye medium rare. It was cooked perfect and very good.  The root puree was fantastic and the service was great. I will definitely be back to try out the rest of their menu.I rarely write online reviews, this was such an exceptional experience that I felt I had to mention it.
Coming from New York we eat out a lot, though every dish I had here was the best I had.
The service was excellent and personal. We do have some dietary  restrictions and the staff was super attentive. The appetizers (tuna tartar, tomato festival and Kobe beef) were Devine.
The stakes: I feel that it would not be an overestimate to say they are some of the best meats I encountered. They select only the best 2% out of all USDA approved meat.
The chef - Shachar (which we had a pleasure to meet) is truly an artist. The butchers cut is out of this world and the rib eye was spectacular.
The desserts... OMG.... You just can't go wrong. We had the halva and the panna cotta deserts,  both amazing .
If you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and visit this place.This restaurant is beautiful..... We had dinner in the open court yard which had a perfect breeze surrounded by plants, shrubs, and flowers. For dinner we had the 18 oz Ribeye and New York and both were perfectly cooked and seasoned. It was so tender that the knife glided though the steaks so easily. For slides we had the grilled vegetables and asparagus al gratin. The service was great too in which we were checked on frequently had waters always filled and given lots of warm bread. This is a must if your wanting steaks.....This place was an absolutely delightful surprise. Gorgeous decor, fantastastic, attentive service, reasonable wine list, and of course, food to die for. I had the tenderloin which melted off the fork. My Argentinian friend had a cut called picanha, something ordinarily found in Argentina, and pronounced it perfect. A must go in NOLA!Simply fantastic, I recently celebrated my birthday at Doris and had one of the best dining experiences thst I've ever enjoyed. Having only recently found out about the restrurant, I was expecting the positive recommendations from friends to a bit over blown, they were not. Our reservation was for 9pm, the place was packed, we actually weren't seated until about 9:40.  This would have usually bern a problem with the crew I was with,  but the staff was very good about checking on us as we waited it was a non issue.  We were seated by the manger,  who because of the delay basically took care of our group with a set up of some of the best items on the menu.  It was all outstanding. I hate beets with a passion, but I would eat the roasted beet any day of the week it was delish. I cannot wait to return.I am extremely picky and tough on restaurants. I was born and raised in New Orleans.  We try at least one different New Orleans restaurant every week and have eaten at the majority of them.  Doris Metro is by far the best steak that I have eaten in a while.  Ruth's Chris, Morton's, Etc need to step up their game because the flavor of the meat that we had was amazing and it was so tender we didn't need knives.  We also had the carpaccio, artichoke salad, truffle fries, and the chocolate desert-everything had flavor.  Last but not least the service was exceptional and the atmosphere was upbeat!  This may now be my favorite steak restaurant in New Orleans!  Looking forward to my next meal there.Fantastic!! The food was delicious,
the atmosphere wonderful and service perfect. Doris Metropolitan is one of the best restaurants in town.There are rare occasions when I will give any restaurant 5 stars. In fact I never have that I recall. But honestly it is a rare occasion that I have such a happy opportunity to discover a dining experience that transcends the food and drink itself. My love and I arrived without reservations so decided to sit at the bar for a cocktail. We were greeted by Nick who is a true expert at what he does. Honestly it is worth coming to this restaurant just to have Nick create his expertly crafted cocktails,  so if you don't have time for dinner at least stop for a drink. Just give him something general that you like and he will make you one of the best drinks you've ever had. He was also able to recommend the best menu items and clued us in to a couple of off menu choices that were mouthwatering.  The chef and his support team are some of the best in the country. What I mean by best is that they're incredibly skilled,  and they seem to cook only the finest ingredients . But what sets them apart is how much they care. From our first experience of being greeted by the door to Nick the bartender impressing with his mixology expertise and to speaking with a number of the support staff I can honestly tell you this was the best meal I've had in at least 10 years.  These people care about you having not just a great meal but positive experience from start to finish and that's what sets them apart.  However the fact is if you were just going to rate this on food it would still get 5 stars, the food is that delicious. Be sure to order the roasted beet appetizer. I never thought a beet could taste so good. I often eat at fine restaurants and never would I so happily recommend.  Go to this restaurant you will not regret it. It's been a couple of days since my visit and I still can't stop talking about it.AMAZING! The best new restaurant in New Orleans right now! The whole experience was excellent. Beautiful new renovation, excellent service and spectacular food. Highly recommend!Great atmosphere. Very hip spot in the Quarter. Lots of hipsters etc. Had dinner at the bar with a colleague and ordered the tuna tartare and steak tartare for apps. They were just ok. The tuna was better than the steak. For dinner I had the "classified cut" of beef. It was cooked perfectly but didn't blow me away.  It wasn't that flavorful. I can see why a lot of people give it four stars but my experience wasn't four-star. Probably a 3.5.This has had to be one of the best restaurants ive been too. The ambiance was great, i celebrated my 30th bday with my wife there. The bread was amazing with the house made butter and tomato dip  ...i hand the butchers cut steak may i say it was amazing mouth watering.  My wife hand the lamb chops which were superb. Lastly for my bday gift from the restaurant was an delicious cookie an ice cream! This place is unlike any other.....please try the vieux carre drink OMG is gooooodddddWow, wow and wow!  I was alone tonight in New Orleans for dinner and had looked on Yelp for a recommendation in the French Quarter.  I made a reservation for a table but decided to sit at the bar instead.  Dining alone at a table always makes me kind of sad while sitting at a bar is more social but that aside.  I ordered the Moscow Mule cocktail which they call something with Tito.  It was a good size, not just ice as in some places, and delicious.  I ordered two appetizers for dinner.  First the chateaubriand tartare which was super!  I have to mention their breads too, made in house and I could go here for those alone!  For my "main course" I had the (grilled) calamari salad.  It quite possibly was the best calamari I've ever had.  So tender!  The combination with chickpeas, olives, arugula, squid ink and more was fantastic.  Highly recommend, great and attentive bar tenders too!During my birth"month" (it's an all month thing..a day just doesn't do it!), I was craving steak. I craved steak so much that I went to 3 different restaurants that week! One of them was Doris Metropolitan, who specializes in meats and even offers butchering services from their fine selection of beef that are dry-aged for at least 21 days.
The restaurant has a very clean, modern look. There's a mixed crowd of businessmen, couples, and large groups, which was refreshing because some restaurants tend to attract a certain demographic, but there was a good mix of everyone.
The food:
1. The Sweetbreads were large, tender, and juicy. I do wish there was a light crisp on the outside, but overall the sauce was sweet yet savory.
2. The Endive Salad had many components and the endives were perfect for scooping like a dip. Not very lady-like, but it works!
3. The 34 oz Porterhouse steak is perfect for sharing. I love that you get some tenderloin on one side of the bone and strip steak on the other side. Not to mention the perfectly cooked med-rare steak. One disappointment had to be when I requested more truffle butter that came with our bread plate to eat with my steak, the waiter decided to suggest foie gras instead without mentioning the $25 upcharge. And after eating the foie gras, I still wished I had the truffle butter instead. OK, it's not the healthiest dipping for steak, but it was so good!
4. The truffle fries were delicious! Perfectly thinly cut fries with just enough truffle oil. I hate how some places claim to have "truffle fries" but they have not a bit of truffle oil.
5. Chocolate Semifreddo was delicious, but I found it a little too dainty for my taste. I prefer a simple dessert that I can take a bite and and just feel like I had a piece of heaven.
Great job on creativity, but I will say that as delicious and juicy the steak was I didn't find it "special" or worth $82 considering it was mostly a big chunk of bone. The appetizer dishes balanced the meal very well and I loved the small touches of molecular gastronomic "pearls" in many of the appetizer dishes. Overall, it was an enjoyable birthday meal with good service, but the price is definitely a little steep.I had enough creole food for the past 3 days that I was here in NOLA and that tomorrow I am already leaving NOLA to go back to CALI, so I was thinking of eating a steak, I was browsing on Yelp then I saw this restaurant on Yelp. I did not call for a reservation because I thought It won't be busy since it's a Tuesday night but when me and my friend got there it was super packed. They said we had to wait 30 min- 1 hour. Then while standing waiting, the manager came to me and told me I didn't had to wait, that there will be no wait since people are leaving now.  So happy that they accommodated us for dinner. I ordered this 9 0z classified steak with root puree and a side of asparagus. That was a very good flavored steak, one of the best steak I've ever had. I'm glad I did go to this restaurant. I don't mind dining here again if ever I'm back in NOLA.  The waitress was very attentive and approachable and even the manager came to our table and see how was the food and how we are doing. I recommend this restaurant to everyone.They squeezed us in last minute on Thanksgiving night so we were super thankful. Turned out to be one of the best meals of our trip. Really yummy dinner-- we had a variety of things including a steak, some pork chops and a beet salad that was to die for. The interior is super beautiful and we had good service.Loved the atmosphere & amazing food. The service was a bit over the top though- it was to the point where they were hovering our table and taking plates before we finished our food. We felt a bit uncomfortable after it happened a few times. It was a pretty slow Tuesday night so maybe that's why! Aside from our minor complaint about the service, the place is absolutely wonderful. The wine and food quality are perfect. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone for a date night!I can never say enough great things about this restaurant it's hosted my birthday party dinners for the past 2 years in a row and this past August 29th was amazing they made me a special dish not only that my own personal cake amazing amazing amazing this is the best restaurant in New Orleans.It was really amazing! Had the bone in ribeye , truffle fries and asparagus. You can cut the streak with a butter knife.Celebrated my spouse's 40th birthday here last Saturday night with our party of four and had an excellent experience. The appetizers rocked, we had the stuffed beet root, tomato salad and the Château Briand tartare.  We could not get enough and wanted to order more until we realized our entrées were forthcoming. Two in our party had fall off the bone, one had a fillet, and I had the 31 day aged ribeye.  We were all wondering "where are the steak knives?" When the waiter said, "I'm sure you're wondering why there are no steak knives on your table, you won't need any."  He was right, the steaks were buttery smooth and oh so tender.  The service was excellent. You should go here!   Can't wait to visit again.Food, drinks, atmosphere and service are AMAZING. Our waiter Seth was so helpful and friendly, he made it a great experience. The open kitchen is cool, and the food is exceptional.I really enjoyed my whole experience here. We arrived about 20 minutes prior to our reservations and were seated as soon as we came in. Our waiter was very attentive and knowledge about the menu. We ordered a bottle of Daou, split a rib eye, truffle fries and beetroot appetizer. Everything was amazing! The only complaint I have is the restaurant noise level is high. The atmosphere is very cool. I wish we could have ordered dessert but we were too full. I will be back!Let me start this off by saying I never write reviews. Ever. But my experience at Doris metropolitan was one I'll never forget; so a review was more than appropriate. The experience from the very start was incredible. The wait staff was knowledgeable and prompt. The steak with the potato surprise, in addition to the beet appetizer, were phenomenal. I'm only 23 years old, but I can truly say I'm a customer for life at this place. Other than the previous reasons, this place stands out from the rest due to their phenomenal customer service. You will absolutely not be let down trying this restaurant. It is a must if you are ever in New Orleans.Amazing food!  My all time favorite restaurant. Wish they had one nearby.  The presentation was spectacular and everything was yummy. We were initially seated next to a loud bunch. But the waitress accommodated us and moved us to the next room.Went to Doris Metropolitan with a large group to celebrate a birthday. We reserved their private room which they quickly accommodated us by adding a table as we had more people than what we thought. We allowed them to feed us "family style".  The appetizers were amazing particularly the roasted beet, calamari, tuna tartare and tomato salad. They presented the table with 4 large flaming meat platters which had a combination of the different cuts of meat they served and included marrow.  The wine flowed thru out the meal.  Service was wonderful.  Highly recommended.We've passed by here several times in the last month and finally decided to give it a try. So very glad that we did! We say at the bar and were immediately served by a friendly bartender who suggested our drinks based on our preferences. We ordered the ribeye to share and it was PLENTY for the two of us! Medium rare, this steak was incredibly juicy...I even cut it with a fork. The seasoning was just right, not overpowering at all. Mashed potatoes as a side, and they were just as good, with great texture. This is a place that we will visit every time we come to NOLA!So we have been back twice and oh my god, it's quickly becoming my favorite place.  We live uptown and have never really gone to the quarter just for dinner until now. 
Classified cut, classified cut, CLASSIFIED CUT!!!!  carpaccio!!!  Tuna tartare!!!  Eat them!
Buck the sommelier is wonderful at recommending good grape juice too. All in all every trip gets better!!!Oh Doris Metropolitan, you gave me one of the best steaks I've had in a LONG while!!  I've tried nearly every steak restaurant in NOLA and it's easy for steaks to be unmemorable to me, but boy did theirs stand out!  I originally was going to order the aged Ribeye, but decided against it when our wait highly recommended the Butcher's Cut, and man am I glad I took her suggestion!  It was cooked to medium rare perfection and melted in my mouth upon first bite.  And geez, there was so much FLAVOR!  Gah, I thought I died and went to heaven.  Incredible piece of meat indeed.  My boyfriend ordered the aged ribeye, which was good, but nothing compared to my beloved Butcher's Cut!  To start off we ordered the Beetroot Supreme and the Sweetbreads.  I wish I loved them more, but maybe I was expecting too much based on the previous reviews.  Or maybe I just don't have the tastebuds for them yet?  On the other hand, the complimentary bread and butters were AMAZING!  Doris gives a variety of bread and butters to try and they were all fantastic!  We also ordered the Halvah Parfait for dessert, which was also delish.
Service was excellent as expected.  Our waiter took great care of us and knew detailed descriptions of the items on the menu.  Doris Metropolitan is such a great establishment that adds much to the NOLA restaurant scene.  I can't wait to be back!This place is by far the best steakhouse in New Orleans.  Chic modern take on a traditional French quarter building.  Knowledgeable and pleasant waitstaff rounds out a superior dining experience.  Not a fried oyster in sight!Phenomenal food and service.  Everything we had from apps to dessert were excellent and executed perfectly.  But let's be honest the steak is the star here. Our waitress Ryjane was very knowledgable and made us feel welcome.  We started off with 05 Saint emilion - a real gem on the wine list. Then the tomato celebration and the grilled artichokes. Both were home runs - full of Mediterranean flavors. But the star was my 31 day dry aged ribeye. Perfectly grilled medium rare with a little Demi. The aging made the steak so tender and flavorful. I asked for more cap on the ribeye and they delivered.  Olive oil cake for dessert was also perfectly executed. Will definitely return next time I'm in town.This place is totally overrated. I had the 31 day aged ribeye which was decent, but definitely did not live up to my expectations. The beet appetizer was bland and the sides were seriously lacking. Not sure why people are raving about this place. If you want a good steak go to Ruth's Chris. I definitely will not be back.This restaurant is the worst. Went last night. Granted I didn't have reservations but it he way they treated me was unacceptable. RUDE. Actually made me get up from a chair in the bar saying it was reserved. In fact everything was reserved. I left and went elsewhere. Never go to this place.At the suggestion of a local, we made a reservation for a quiet, romantic night out. What a culinary pleasure. The starters and appetizers were exciting, the wine selection was a delight. I can't wait to go back.I enjoyed my dinner at Doris . Someone who is in French quarter must visit this restaurant.... Atmosphere, service , food was amazing .Best steakhouse I have ever been too.  Service is unbelievable and the steak is perfectly seasoned and cooked. Shout out to Corey.  Unreal meal. Skip commanders palace and Antoine's. This is the place to eat in NOLAI've eaten at the best steak houses in America, nothing comes even close. This is not your "cookie cutter" steak house. The variety of dishes that is out of this world and the meat that is second to none. This place should be on everyone's bucket list.The best stakehouse in New Orleans. Excellent service, great atmosphere, and perfect stakes.The whole experience was excellent. Food was phenomenal. One of the best steak experiences we've had. The vegetable medley lacked luster but I didn't get to caught up with that because of how good the flavors of my steak were.If you are wanting a great aged steak, this is your place! Not only was the meat incredible but the appetizers were phenomenal! We split two of them, the whole beet stuffed with mascarpone cheese & the charred eggplant! The presentation was exceptional & the taste was divine! We were full after the first course! All of the bread, three different types, are made in-house. This place is such a find! We will definitely be back!!!!This was definitely one of the best meals I have ever eaten. My friend and I split the 34 oz. porterhouse and it was divine. The steak practically melted in my mouth and was incredibly flavorful. The asparagus and grilled veggies were equally wonderful. Very expensive but worth every penny.So delicious! Made a last minute reservation for my wedding anniversary. When it started with a wonderful variation of different breads and 3 different butters, all of which were good we figured we had made the right decision. My husband and I each ordered different appetizers both of which were mouth wateringly delicious. I got the burger and he got a steak, again fantastic. I've been visiting in NOLA for 3 weeks now and I still haven't been to a better fine dining/steak house yet. (And I've tried at least 6) highly recommended I would go well or if my way to eat here!Definitely the place to go to enjoy a great steak. We did the 75$ chef menu and it was outstanding. I highly recommend this place.Incredible calamari salad with eggplant purée, chickpeas, olives, and snap peas. Really exceptional. Cococumber chiller cocktail was also a pleasant, not too sweet surprise. We will be back!This place is just amazing!  Great ambiance, great service and really amazing food!  We were looking for somewhere to eat and came across Doris Metropolitan. The general manager was beyond friendly... He even took us after the kitchen was closing. Everything we ate was fantastic. The halva dessert was phenomenal. This restaurant is a def must if you are visiting New Orleans. If only there was one in Los Angeles!!This place is amazing! The steak here is so tender, juicy, and flavorful. Every appetizer and side doesn't disappoint either. The staff is so nice as well. I would definitely come here again and again!I shared the porterhouse with my wife after having the Japanese wagyu beef as an appetizer.  Both dishes were great.  Be prepred to pay for quality here as steaks start at $50.00 an go up from here.The best! I dream about the sweetbreads, which go great with the Israeli Red by the glass on the wine list. Great food,  staff,  and atmosphere. Traditional elements of steaks and cuts meets a modern, sexy presentation.Stopped in for a late snack and ended up with a complete dinner. Ordered wine and asked the bar tender to choose, the selection was perfectly balanced and lovely. Moved on to dinner and simply said, I'll have what he had. Since the person next to me had a meal that looked incredibly tasty. 
The eggplant with tahini was wonderful and really showcased the hidden secret behind the chef and owners, a little bit of Israel can be found in each dish and it was wonderfully tasty. The lamb was cooked perfectly and was mouthwateringly good. I thought it kissed the mint and appreciated the variation, then the mint found it's way to my pallet and I was thrilled!  It was now even more amazing!
Kept it simple and bypassed dessert, the wine and dessert selections did sound lovely though. 
 One of the things I forgot to capture, the meat locker. A lively display of he various meat selections which any meat living carnivore would really appreciate. I'd definitely return again and would make sure to have an amazing steak while there. 
P.S.  The artist/bar tender had some great stories and history and made the group conversations, so common when sitting at the bar, that much more entertaining.This restaurant is amazing!!! I had the most wonderful and unique meal. Every morsel was like a symphony in my mouth. Highly recommend!Super cozy and trendy restaurant in the French Quarter. Perfect for a nice formal date night out minus having to feel super dressed up. 
Their steaks are phenomenal. Top quality beef paired with an great wine list. Everything from the look of the restaurant to the great quality customer service down to the aesthetic of the food was exceptional. 
Good for business meetings or a nice dinner with the ladies.Wow-so it's a Saturday night in October and the Quarter is packed. We are a party of 6 and have no reservations. I get on Yelp and start looking for delicious dinner options and everywhere I call, they are booked. I call Doris Metropolitan, and while they can't get us in for a table, they tell me the bar is full-service and is pretty empty right now. We came right over and weren't disappointed. From the awesome drink service of Andy, to Micah guiding us through the menu, the service was friendly, professional and knowledgable. Then the food arrived- what can you say about a delicious aged ribeye, perfectly seasoned, accompanied by truffle fries and cheesy asparagus. Every bite was perfection. And the ambiance was ideal- modern with a NOLA flair. Why everyone doesn't put this on their must-eat list is beyond me. I WILL be back!Meat there is fantastic! Just went there yesterday around six thirty and ended up being the first table of the night. I'm always afraid being the first few tables in steakhouses because of previous bad experiences. But Doris metropolitan did not let me down. My boyfriend and I ordered a 34oz Porterhouse to share, one eggplant app and two glasses of merlot. The porterhouse is a little bit undercooked, we ordered medium but I think it served as medium rare. Other than that, everything is perfect. Definitely gonna try the Japanese wagyu next time!Coming from Texas, I felt that I had already consumed the best steak of my life...well, I was wrong!  The filet at the Metropolitan was awesome...served with bone marrow, which I had the pleasure of spreading all over my filet prior to consumption!  Excellent ambiance in the courtyard, open to a beautiful night sky.  The service was excellent.  We had Halva for dessert, which was quite different than what I am accustomed and by "different", I mean much better!  It definitely has to be a stop for any carnivore visiting NOLA.  I would advocate for 6 stars, if it meant I would get a free dinner!:)I'll be very brief: Four of us went and we each ordered different steaks. They were fine, but I don't think anyone was blown away by their selection. The consensus winner on "best thing eaten" there was the tuna tartare appetizer.Everything we ordered was amazing!! We had the asparagus gratin, porterhouse, truffle fries and the polenta. All dishes were outstanding. Great ambiance as well. Topped off our dinner with lavender honey ice cream...delicious!Very disappointing. If you're going to charge $50/steak (plus extra for sides), it should be cooked to perfection and the most favorable steak ever. It wasn't. 
The appetizers were delicious. 
The service was average. 
For such an expensive place, it wasn't that impressive to me. I definitely would not go back.I really loved this place! I am a steak lover and everything about Doris was perfection, from the food, to the ambiance, to the service, to the drinks, truly a fantastic dining experience. It is a modern steakhouse that delivers on the meat while going beyond your normal steakhouse fare. The filet was one of the best I have ever had and I am a native Texan who has had many a fine filet. I look forward to coming back here for my next special occasion.Excellent food, service, and atmosphere!! Especially bartender Nick! Request his specialty cocktail called "The Future " . Limited number.. Be the first to request one ! You won't be disappointed !!!!'I didn't get a chance yesterday to post this but I would be doing a disservice to not let you know about this gem in the Quarter. The tuna tartare was divine with 3 different caviars to dip. I had the filet and hubby had ribeye.  Sides of asparagus and to die for truffle fries rounded this out.  Amazing food and good service. It's a must do!Loved the service and decor! Service was excellent too. 
Beet root supreme was amazing, a must have. 
I got the 31 day rib eye which was pretty good, not amazing. I regret not getting the butchers cut which I heard was a smaller, but more tender cut. My husband got the gulf fish with Israeli couscous, which was excellent as well! 
Tasty bread and different butters !Make reservations!!... We ate at the bar since all tables were booked for the evening.  Exceptional service!! Bartender CJ was very knowledgeable of the menu and differences of cuts and aging. We went with both 21 and 31 day aged ribeyes..... Ah-Mazing!!!  Asparagus was over cooked.. but I think we hardly noticed as we  savored our meat.  A nice place to indulge a bit. On the pricier side... but worth it for this great chophouse!Better steaks elsewhere.  Poor service. Don't know how to make a Sazerac.  Sat at the bar.  Bartender too busy on his phone to be attentive.  Would not go backDoris Metropolitan is one of the best dining experiences in New Orleans. My wife and I shared the two pound bone in tenderloin, the steak was cooked to perfection and the seasoning salts served on the side is a great flavor enchancer. The starters and side dishes were also excellent. As a note,if you order a larger bone in cut, you may want to the kitchen to cut the steak prior to serving.Three stars  paws down, a-a-amazing!
The drinks are stellar, probably because the bartenders are very knowledgeable and crafty. 
This is my favorite restaurant in the universe at the moment. Every item was perfection 
The cheese and nut sampler appetizer includes decadent flavors of Appalachia, and a enchantingly sweet smear. The kabobs were on  literally and figuratively. So good. I will be back Doris!This place is exceptional. My husband and I's go to place for a steak in Nola and it's always a happening scene. Besides the steaks, I have also had the short rib which was also wonderful.  The appetizers are fantastic as well and quite an impressive wine list. Nothing about this place will disappoint. 
    Ambience is very nice-chic and relaxed. Great service-very knowledgable. There is outside dining as well.  High end, fine dining in the heart of the Quarter. It's a great spot and I will continue to return.Doris Metropolitan isn't just a steakhouse.  It's one of the FQ's best restaurants.  Though It's near Jackson Square it's in no way a tourist trap.  
Sure They serve high quality steaks - some dry aged and even some Kobe but the veggie apps are where the kitchen really shines.  The charred/roasted eggplant has a hauntingly smoky flavor and rich creamy texture. The grilled artichokes with black garlic and yogurt are good enough to make you forget all about the beef hanging in the aging room.  
The thing that always brings me back though is the fantastic reasonably priced wine list. They have quite a few bottles 10+years and older perfectly stored.  It's a wine list for the high roller and and the budget minded.  Ask for the wine buyer and let them pick for you. Trust me....
Oh and they are open on Mardi Gras!!We had such an amazing dinner last night! Everything was 5 stars. Not your traditional stuffy steakhouse, yet everything was done up first class!  Food, service, atmosphere, timing, drinks, even the restrooms, top notch!  The hostess, our waiter, all serving staff so nice, so helpful. And those silent heroes in the kitchen, omg you guys nailed it last night, every dish was perfect.  I need to first talk about the Chateaubriand Tartare, yes it's raw ground beef (made with smoked paprika, shallots, capers, Dijon mustard, quail yolk). IT WAS TO DIE FOR! I've only eaten this dish in Paris, been a little leery to eat it here in the States (because of food handling safety & preparation when it comes to raw beef). It obvious, by looking at the beautiful meat display cases, that these guys know their meat! I was excited to find a place I felt safe ordering this dish. It was so good, as good, no even better than I've eaten in France! People need to get past the idea that eating raw beef is bad or not safe or gross (most of us did with sushi, right?) get over that psychological hurdle and just try it! I want more just thinking about it as I type this review. Ok another two must haves are the beet and tuna tartar! So good, I was full. And so content! I guess I should mention the steaks here are amazing too! Flavorful, beautiful, cooked to perfection! And huge, I ate my bfs leftovers for breakfast, yum. Also should mention....beef carpaccio another hit! Done up just like restaurants in Italy, but they kick it up a notch by adding balsamic flavor bomb balls on top (yea these guys took it to the next level with a little molecular gastronomy tossed into that rocket salad). Yum! I'm a major foodie and live in Los Angeles, I can not wait to go back in 2 weeks to eat here again!Doris Metropolitan is quite modern and elegant in decor and service.
Exceptional food. Not New Orleans style, per se. They featured aged beef.  We ate the ahi tartare and the chateaubriand tartare, artichoke star salad and the four tomato salad, all artfully presented and delicious, with each flavor available to the taste (as opposed to all of the flavors blending together).
We ate the lemon creme dessert. It was also very good.This is a meat eater's paradise. Me not being a big meat eater I was able to find plenty of other delicious options. The outside patio is very quaintMy fav meal in New Orleans!!  OMG!!!!!!!  We had only apps to get a true flav for the place, and it was unbelievable. We had the In-house breads, calamari salad, tuna tartare, and the gulf fish bruschetta, and I can't even pick a favorite!!!!!!!!  What about the cocktails, you ask?!?  Freaking amazing!!  And the atmosphere?  Beautiful!!!  The service?!?  AWESOME!!!!!  Andy and Danielle were the best!!!!  I can't wait to come back!!!!Amazing. Fabulous. Best food in NOLA. 
Not yet bespoiled by legions of tourists, this steakhouse kills it with astoundingly good pieces of meat. The Tomato Celebration salad is the best for starters, although it's practically a meal in itself.By far my favorite place in New Orleans. The food its outstanding, impeccable service and great ambience. I had tried almost every item on the menu and they are all amaizing, my favorites are the tuna tartare, lamb chop , the sea bass and of course the falls of the bone . Highly recommendedIncredibly disappointed on numerous levels:
1. Please purchase proper steak knives. I have been to major steakhouses all over the country. This is the ONLY steakhouse that insists on giving its customers blunt table knives. Weak. 
2. Please understand how to serve fine wine. Filling my glass beyond half full works -- at TGI Fridays. 
3. Please teach the staff how to interact with the customers with poise and confidence. Down to the person, every individual with whom we interacted with tonight had the confidence and poise of an employee on their first day. 
4. Please go to the new NOLA restaurant Square Root and take copious notes on how to deliver a top notch service experience. 
Keep up the bad work, Doris Metropolitan!
You've got Golden Corral in your sights!Just to be honest, we only visited the bar for drinks since we had just finished dinner nearby and friends took us here. My first impression was one of tears at seeing all the aging beef and smelling the wonderful aroma. I was even tempted to convert to Hobbit so I could enjoy second supper. At any rate, I usually stick to wine and occasional beers since I can't handle the taste of liquor any more but I was peer pressured into trying thier Old Fashion. I may need to rethink my aversion to hard liquor. What ever burboun and bitters he used allowed me to enjoy every sip. Believe me, that is saying a lot! Will definitely be back there and not just for the aged top shelf meat!Dined here with a friend over Labor Day weekend, 2018. Our server, Sophie, was outstanding and really made a great experience even better. We mulled over the menu while snacking on the complimentary bread assortment, consisting of 3 different breads, 3 different butters (regular and 2 compound) and an olive oil and balsamic reduction. We then moved to the tomato salad as our shared appetizer. It was outstanding, with fresh heirloom tomatoes, thin slices of jalapenos, cilantro and a fresh egg yolk to pop as the "dressing." We sopped up the juices with some of the focaccia bread. Next, I had the 18 oz ribeye, 21 day aged, cooked medium. My ribeye was literally fork tender, and the flavor was amazing. He had the Butcher's Cut, served with a mushroom ragout. We shared orders of the truffle fries and the asparagus au gratin as our sides. (I was going to order sides for both of us, but Sophie warned me that we'd ordered enough. She was correct.) For dessert, I had the Halva parfait and he had the chocolate torte. The parfait was reminiscent of soft cheese cake, but the bottom was a thick, sesame paste. The combination of flavors worked very well together. Lastly, we both had cappuccinos to top off the meal. This will be a regular "go to" place for my visits to the Big Easy.  Highly recommended (and ask for Sophie).The moment you walk in and see the meat locker to your right, you know the hunk of beef your gonna chow down on will be fresh! This steak was top 2 or 3 I have ever eaten (the likes of Capital Grill, Gibsons, Del Frisco's, etc). I had the bone in Ribeye, not a Filet. Our parties sides were all delicious. The Sea Bass was raved about at our table as well. Service was prompt and friendly. The only thing the place lacked was a vibrant bar scene; nice bar area but most of the time it was empty although on a Tuesday night.Delicious all around!    With a group of fun girls and we were treated right with the manager, Dontay Kinchen!!   Absolutely made us feel more than welcome...perfect complement to our amazing steak!It was as though I died and went to heaven, greeted by a rib eye angel. Life is good!Great steak house in New Orleans. Dry aged beef, great appetizers. I had the beef carpacio, my wife had tuna tartar.
Presentation of the filet was great with a bone full of marrow, to put on your steak. Bone in strip was tremendous. 
Truffle fries great as well.
Would go back if I was looking for steaks!While they definitely have some service issues that need to be worked out, this is a great new option for locals and people visiting the French Quarter.  Novel dishes with fresh ingredients make this steakhouse a fair amount more than the norm that you see (especially in tourist heavy zones like the French Quarter)!
The beet and eggplant appetitzers were truly special....well composed and tasty.  Novel, yet they let the main ingredients of each shine through.
Steaks were all phenomenal in quality and the bone marrow-esque play on the potato was much appreciated (especially since this is a steakhouse)!  
If there was a downside, the server was not terribly well informed and seemed quite overwhelmed...but nothing a new restaurant cannot overcome over time!Everything was out of hand. We ate at their offsite event area as we were a Group of 25. Food was amazing and the signature plate was a Meat Board of RibEye, T-Bone and Brisket.We had reservations for 9pm.  Service was outstanding as was the atmosphere.  Live the courtyard area although we did not dine there. My husband had the classified steak and claims this to be the best a steak he has ever had.  (And we've been to some very nice steak houses).  I had the short rib and we shared a side if asparagus.  My meal was also delicious (however Kraft steakhouse in Las Vegas still holds my heart for best short rib-several years back).  The breads, were also amazing.  This was our last meal in NOLA our only wish was we are there earlier in the week.This restaurant was pretty good. The steak was big enough for two. Bread to die for. Staff-top notch. Ambiance- perfect. Would have give four stars but our sauce for the steak was ice cold even after we asked that it is warmed up. Some tips for the very good staff:
Serve sauces warm please!Awesome experience! 
Decided to try this place based on a local recommendation of choosing it over the famous Dickie Brennans.  I am very glad that I did.  I had reservations, but was by myself and decided to just sit at the bar instead. This was a good move.  The bartender, Austin, was very friendly, knowledgeable, and provided prompt service: the three qualities that make a great bartender. 
I ordered the tuna tartar to start, but the free bread they brought out with the flavored butters was awesome! I ordered the 8 Oz tenderloin and mashed potatoes , and both were amazing! If you want a classy meal while in the French Quarter, then this place is a must!The steaks were fabulous as we had been told by a friend.  Likely the best I've had in years!! The bartenders simply stole the show...and in the end saved it. You see, while we were eating the desk staff were rude enough to ask us to move down the bar to allow them to accommodate a group of ladies having a celebration of some sort.  Now I am the last person to put a damper on a party, but I resent the heck out of being asked to move what turned out to be a 300.00 celebration of our own (while eating) down the bar for a trio who ordered a cheese plate and moved on to the bevy bar... had if not been for the fabulous care and abject apologies from the bar I would never return.
As it is, we will surely give them another try.I have to say I'm not a big beef eater but everything was extremely amazing! It just melts right it your mouth! Flavor was all there! Vegetables was cook perfectly! All the meats was cook from an expert! The best place to go for birthdays anniversaries etc! Had the most wonderful waiter addycaist and  nicest manger Melissa! If I had a choice to come back,I most definitely will! I had tried beetroots ONCE and I hated it! But I had it HERE and it was the amazing thing in your mouth! The beef tartar is a MUST get! It is delightful and the best thing EVER! we had bone marrows and accidentally drop one and they kindly brought us another one without asking for another and didn't charge us! We got the family style dinner than came with 5 appetizers,4-5 cuts of different beef&4-5 sizes! The best the thing to order because you can try a little bit of everything! We had 6 people and it was just the right amount to feed everyone! I love it!Spent thanksgiving lunch there..at the bar with 4 friends..had so much fun socializing, meeting new people and chatting with the friendly staff.
My new fav restuarant in the French Quarter ..love sitting at the bar :)
We need more of this in the French Quarter for the locals..The food and service was terrific. There were 4 of us and we were not in a rush so we were  talking our time talking and hardly looking at the menu. We ordered some delicious wine and the waiter told us about a special they have where they make different steaks for all of us, put it on a cutting board and slice it in front of us. The presentation with the flaming steak was incredible and 4 guys could not finish what we ordered. Zachary the manager came over and introduced himself  and chatted with us  for a while. We were the last ones in the  restaurant and apologized for keeping everyone late, but they told us there is no rush for us  to leave and we should just enjoy ourselves.  Our waiter was great, the food was great and this is a must go to place the next time you are in New Orleans.The steaks were fabulous as we had been told by a friend.  Likely the best I've had in years!! The bartenders simply stole the show...and in the end saved it. You see, while we were eating the desk staff were rude enough to ask us to move down the bar to allow them to accommodate a group of ladies having a celebration of some sort.  Now I am the last person to put a damper on a party, but I resent the heck out of being asked to move what turned out to be a 300.00 celebration of our own (while eating) down the bar for a trio who ordered a cheese plate and moved on to the bevy bar... had if not been for the fabulous care and abject apologies from the bar I would never return.
As it is, we will surely give them another try.Went for lunch with family. A nice upscale place with great food. Outside seating was nice and pleasant.This place was excellent. Our service was spectacular and the food was delicious. We had the Tuna Tartare, 21 day aged New York Steak, 31 day aged Rib Eye, and Truffle Fries. They also serve some delicious bread before the meal with three different types of butter, one of which was truffle-infused. Must go if you are ever in NOLA!
One thing that was interesting was that their bone-in rib eye is served without the cap. When I asked about this, I learned that what they call their "Classified Cut" is actually the cap. So if you like rib eye cap, go for that for sure.An amazingly good steakhouse in New Orleans' French quarter.  It has a unique menu combing elements from Israel and Costa Rica, while still being a great steakhouse.  The wine list is unique and if you tire of gumbo and jambalaya, this is the restaurant to try.Doris Metropolitan should be a stop for local or a tourist of New Orleans's French Quarter. As you walk in you are created by a very nice bar to your right, a walk in fridge to your left (with delicious cuts of meat) and friendly hostesses in front of you. 
We had reservations for eight people at 6:30 on a Saturday. When we arrived the restaurant was half way full with people chatting and having a good time. I enjoyed the decor of wine bottles on the walls and the interesting lighting made the place look very upscale. We were lead to the back to the restaurant with a semi private room which was perfect for our loud group.
The waitress was very, very, very knowledgeable in her menu and her pairings of wine with our meals. She suggested that we order a few steaks and go at it family style with some apps and sides with a bottle of wine. Boy I'm glad we did as she suggested because you get to sample a little bit of everything. 
The meal started off with three types of Doris's homemade bread and butter. Out of the three breads you need to try the one in the bag named Rosemary's, it was the best. Also the wasabi butter was a table favorite.
For the apps we ordered Beatroot supreme and Tomato celebration salad. It was pretty cool watching the server cut open the beat with the steak knife, it was like a mini show. Also the beatroot supreme is the only item on the menu that uses a steak knife. The beats of course tasted just like beats with a nice cheese flavor mixed in. The tomato celebration was just that, cooked tomatoes in a salad which was ok.
This next part I have to say was the not so good part of the meal. During our wait for the main course I went off to the restroom. Now I'm thinking that since this is a very nice steak house that it would have a gentlemen in the bathroom to assist you in drying your hands. Or at the least the bathrooms would smell nice and not be nasty. Unfortunately, that was not the case. No one was there with a towel, and worst of all the bathroom smelled like Bourbon street in the worse way. Also there were fruit flies flying around. Overall a very disappointing bathroom for a restaurant of this caliber. From our female dinner companions the same was said about the ladies room. 
The other thing that bugged me (literally) was that the dining room area did have some random fruit flies flying around the dining room getting into our wine and floating around us aimlessly. I would hope that a fine restaurant like this would be able to remove simple fruit flies from the whole restaurant. Besides the nasty bathroom and the fruit flies the experience was good, trust me read on to find out.
After a while our main steak courses appeared with finesse and excitement. Laid out in front of us  was the following cooked medium steaks: Porterhouse, two Butchers cuts (one was cooked well done for the pregnant wife), Fall off the bone and lastly the "Classified". They were all good in their own right. The Butcher's cuts were nice and tender (both versions) The fall off the bone was ok and reminded me of something from a slow cooker at home. The best however, was the "Classified".
The Classified was the juiciest and most tender cut of meat that we had there. It was definitely phenomenal and it's something that I would go back to this restaurant and order two of them so that I could savor the deliciousness two times in a row. Maybe it was the hype by the server, the mystery behind the meat or maybe it was the presentation, I'm not sure but it was a damn fine delicious cut of meat. 
The sides of mashed potato I could of passed on and we could of done better with a box of instant. The asparagus and cheese though was pretty tasty. 
Since it was my cousin's birthday and we were stuffed to the gills we shared a dessert. The birthday candle was nice and the dessert (the nest) looked interesting. The dessert itself was ok, maybe next time I'll try something sweeter. 
Over all the experience was great, besides what I mentioned earlier the servers were great, the steaks delicious and we all agreed we had a great time and would all come back in the future for a special occasion and most definitely order the Classified.
I look forward to coming back to New Orleans and hopefully upgrading Doris's Metropolitan from four stars to Five and ordering at least one Classified.Food is great, atmosphere is awesome and the people are amazing! A must when you visiting NOLA! 
They have their own, smoke/age room for the meat, you can defiantly taste how good it is! the drinks are fabulous and it is right in the heart of New Orleans.Dined Sunday, June 8, 2014 with our grown daughter. We had a totally awesome experience. Started with the tuna tartare and the Tomato Celebration appetizers.  Both totally awesome. Went from there to the Tuna, and my wife and I shared the bone-in ribeye, with asparagus on the side.  The presentation on the tuna was superb, and everything was cooked as ordered.  Steak was cooked to perfection and had awesome flavor and very tender and flavorful.  The desert was served in a parfait glass with nuts and was great!  Chef Shachar even came to the table to make sure we were pleased. Be sure to ask about the special drinks not on the menu (Nick the bartender rocks!). Wow!  Lynn did an outstanding job as our server - very knowledgable, efficient, and pleasant. We have eaten in most of NOLA's finer restaurants, and Doris Metropolitan ranks among the best. Can't wait to go back!Our first time at Doris was this weekend even though we live 3 blocks away.   Seldom eat steak out because we think we can cook great steak at home.   In short we enjoyed every bit of it.   Lambchop appetizer was great both texture and flavor and the sauce really finished it well.  Wine choices were good though some might say pricey.  I had the 31 day dry aged ribeye.   Perfectly cooked and very flavorful.   My wife had Butchers Cut and it was a great discovery.   Left us promising ourselves to learn more about Hanger steak.  Service was perfect including appropriate attention by management.   We have so many choices in NOLA hence we don't say this often but we will be back.    Only thing I'd change is a steak knife but I think the butter knife is meant to make a statement about the meat quality.Is it a restaurant for the first time and enjoyed everything from the eggplant appetizer, the cheese plate, and a wonderful steak!One of my favorite locations for dinner in the Crescent City! This was our third time there and the quality of the service and meals is very consistent.  We had the Meat Board which is an off menu item and created by the chef with a selection of meats and cuts. The truffle fries are to die for and so is the asparagus. Big wine selection and a full bar.  There's indoor seating as well as patio seating. We've done both - patio for the cool fall/winter evenings is perfect. Ideal location for a special meal with special people in a very special city. Right next to Jackson square. Can't wait to go back.AMAZING! One of the best meals of my life! Everything was exceptional. It started with some of the best bread I've ever had. The short ribs and steak were beyond perfect! Clarence served us and he was exceptional. I may come back to NOLA just for this restaurant! Enjoy!Appetizers: red beet with cheese: don't get not good. 
The cheese plate was a hit not because the cheese was earth shattering but it was a nice size and had random stuff in it. 
The tuna appetizer was liked by the person who got it. 
Dinner: short rib was good but I've had the same taste at other places so it's nothing different, but it was a safe choice. Mine was very fatty so I had to dig the meat out my husbands was a good size. 
Classifies cut was liked by my friend she said it was like eating butter. 
Dessert: don't get the olive oil cake it sucked. 
The chocolate tort thingy was liked. 
I asked to send back my olive oil cake for what others had which was a scoop of ice cream with Turkish coffee something something, it was delish. 
Our server was the best part she was like a fairy god mother. So eloquent and soft spoken and patient!I was in New Orleans for 5 nights for NYE and this was hands-down the best restaurant I experienced. I'm speaking on food, impeccable and impressive service and beautiful ambiance/ décor. I was greeted with beautiful smiles from the hostess and wait staff.  All were pulled together, polite, knowledgeable about the menu and know their jobs very well. 
I was there for lunch and had the best burger I ever ate in my life. My waiter checked in with perfect frequency, checked if my food was to my liking and kept my Pellegrino glass full.
The décor is lovely throughout including the restroom accessed via courtyard.If you are looking for a perfect steak this is the place.  They know their meat & even have a "secret cut" that is phenomenal! Doris is a lovely place to eat in the French quarter- the service is also excellent.  The alternative option (fish) is also good but not as delicious as their steaks.  We will definitely return here the next time we visit New Orleans.Great place, I would go back again.  Highlights below:
FOOD: best things to order are the following...
- complimentary plate of homemade breads, olive oil for dipping, and three types of butter (wasabi, paprika, & regular).  i would recommend not getting filled up on these, since the food is great. 
- tuna tartare for appetizer. very fresh, and additions of some froth, avocado, and tobiko/roe gave it a unique flavor. 
-  sea bass for entree. it's crusted and has a puree with chickpeas underneath, as well as some sauces on the plate. It was delicious!  I'm not a fan of chickpeas but there were very few and actually tasty. 
- bone marrow. apparently you can add this to any entree, which I did, but it typically comes with the tenderloin. If you live bone marrow, you'll love this, it's huge. 
- server also recommended the tenderloin, and calamari appetizer, and the nest dessert. He said the short ribs were marbled (almost like it was a negative) and didn't concur when I asked about the sweetbread. At least he was honest!
SERVICE: very attentive, polite, professional, and somewhat serious.  see above in food section for more. 
ATMOSPHERE: upscale; good for a date or dinner with business associates. 
I really want to go back to try more.  Overall, great choice in the French Quarter.Had a delicious dinner here while visiting New Orleans. Complementary bread is amazing. Had a Malbec, filet, asparagus, and a cappuccino for dessert. Great service from all the bartenders. Thank youI went here with a group of 7 guys as part of my friend's bachelor party.
The restaurant inside is very chic and modern looking, definitely not an old school looking steakhouse. The table and chairs are all very comfortable and there's plenty of room for everything on the table.
The service was excellent, the hostess and waiter especially. Both really friendly and very understanding of one of us that was very intoxicated but ultimately harmless.
For an appetizer I split the tuna tartare with a couple of the guys. It tasted great, the tuna was very good and very fresh tasting, the accompaniments also were good. There was also some sort of salad on the table I didn't try but my friends said was only okay.
We split a couple of bottles of a perfectly acceptable Cabernet.
Now onto the important part, the steaks. I had the 31 day aged bone-in ribeye and it was amazing. It rivaled anything I've ever had from any of the big name steakhouses in NYC. Perfectly cooked and just ridiculously flavorful. The sides, mashed potatoes and French fries were just average though.
Also the menu had American, Australian and Japanese Wagyu on the menu.
My only real qualm with the place was the price, it's on par with the high end steakhouses in Manhattan but I feel as if the the South should be a little cheaper. Certainly not a reason not to go just an observation.Comon, brother.  Are you serious?  I ate the porterhouse, filet and ribeye, all without luck.  And i was with great friends and plenty of wine.  I should have been in a happy place?
The steaks are SO underwhelming.  There is no seasoning and they are just downright bland.  
The atmosphere is very pleasant and swanky, and the service was excellent.  My only qualm is that the steaks are awful.  They just have NO FLAVOR.  
Spend your money elsewhere.  NOLA has amazing food, apparrently.  I just haven't found it yet.  I'll keep trying.The steaks were good but way over priced. The attitude of the staff seating you is horrible! We were the only table in the restaurant for a 5:30 seating and they sat us in a small room that smelled like a night club. When we asked to be moved to another table,  we were told that they couldn't move us because another party of six was coming in, but the other party had not arrived  and didn't come in the while we were there! We were also told that we had to be done by 7:30 because another party was coming in. When we left they still had open tables. I would never return! O'Brien's Grill serves a far better meal and Ruth's is a far better value!One of the better steakhouses/restaurants in the city.  Had the Carpaccio and Tuna Tartare to start and both were great. We also had the 31 day ribeye and the chilean sea bass and both were fantastic.  Fry and artichoke sides were OK but it was all in all a great meal.  This place is definitely on the expensive side but it's worth it.  Go ahead and start your piggy bank.Incredible food, incredible people and fantastic service with attention to detail made our evening at Doris Metropolitan a true experience to remember. Not only were our steaks delicious and cooked to perfection, but our host Stavros went out of his way to make us feel welcome. I highly recommend this as a 'don't miss' restaurant in the French Quarter.We went to Doris Metropolitan  for a holiday dinner with my boyfriend's family. This is a big deal for their family, each year choosing a restaurant in the Quarter for a special meal. My boyfriend's sister called the meal "the most bizarre restaurant experience I have ever had". 
First, the server was very abrupt in his manner. There was a table in the corner of a large group who we loud and getting a lot of attention from waitstaff. At one point it seemed like the table may have been smoking pot. (We couldn't figure out if they were famous or just jerks.)
Second, the rigid server explained there were no vegetarian options for entrees and when my boyfriend's dad asked for blue cheese dressing on his salad, he was told-- no--only walnut dressing. It was his delivery more than his message that just seemed off.  
Finally, in the middle of service, a new server took over service for our table--no explanation given. It felt really awkward. It felt like the other guy didn't want to deal with us. The new server was much better and she was very attentive and sweet. She attempted to salvage our experience which was appreciated.
The food, for the most part,  was really good. The calamari salad, the artichoke salad and the beet salad were all particularly good. My entree, the gulf fish was light and delicious. Most of our party loved their steak. One in our party had to send his steak back for being overcooked and almost sent it back a second time, which was obviously frustrating. They did remove that steak from the bill, when he no longer wanted it.  My boyfriend's sister had the burger, but she said it wasn't what she was expecting from a steakhouse. It was "underwhelming".
Overall, we were disappointed given this was supposed to be such an important meal. It wasn't bad, it just didn't meet our expectations.This was a fantastic Expeirence. I actually ate in the court yard which is simple and refreshing. Great service . Three different people on the ball taking care of me. The tuna tartar was nice and the chef's secret steak was great. The cheese platter was an excellent choice to help me finish off the bottle cab...
Can't wait to go backI finally made it happened and bellied up to the bar at this famous steak house.  I strategically located myself so that I would have a good view of the kitchen, because that's just how I roll.  I perused the massive cocktail and wine list.  I did something that I rarely do, I ordered a cocktail.  I have to say that New Orleans is a fantastic town for cocktails.  It's a point of civic pride and they make some of the very best!  I opted for a Mahattan Los Abuela which is a Manhattan made with Tequila instead of Rye Whiskey.  The combination intrigued me and it was very, very nice.  The drink menu turned out to be far easier for me than the main menu.  There were so many choices and I was like a kid in a candy store.
While I nibbled on their complimentary bread plate, I narrowed down my options and ended up settling on the Beef Carpaccio, a 31 day aged New York Strip and an asparagus gratin. The beef that formed the base of the carpaccio was excellent, but I felt that there was far too much balsamic vinaigrette and argula on top of it.  It was more of a steak salad than a carpaccio.  It was very very tasty, though. I like New York Strip.  I've never been a fan of tenderloin, too lean and too little flavor or Ribeye, too fatty. In the right hands it's a great cut of beef.  Well, when it has been aged for over a month and cooked on the grill at Doris Metropolitan, it's a flat out awesome steak! It was quite simply, perfection.  It was well seasoned and cooked exactly to temp.  It's definitely one of the best steaks that I have ever eaten.  The Asparagus Gratin, which was a favorite of our bartender at Kingfish, was an excellent side.  It was a layer of al dente asparagus napped with some mornay sauce and topped with some grated gruyere or comte cheese and then hit under a salamander broiler. It's very simple and very tasty and an idea that I'm going to steal for myself. I may or may not give them credit, sorry Doris.
They have a good dessert menu, too.  I didn't partake of it and opted for a couple of Scotches instead. I don't know if that reveals anything about my personality, but that's the way I roll.  They have a very impressive selection of Scotch - what's a poor boy to do?  It was a spendy meal, but not out of line with most steak houses.  In fact, I think that they're a better deal.  The cooking is at a higher caliber than most steak house that I've been to.  I'll definitely be back to Doris Metropolitan on future trips to New Orleans!Excellent...
O.K....$155 for a steak is a bit much....but worth every penny....simply outstanding for a Wagyu steak.  Wagyu has to be cooked perfectly to take advantage of the marbling...this was done exactly as it should have been.
Everything else was incredible.  The apps, wine, service....were all superb.
Hip but not overdone atmosphere.
We were 15 minutes late with none of the superior condescension (well deserved) you normally get for screwing up their tables for the night !
Super nice staff that really added to the experience.
Will definitely return !My absolute favorite place to eat in NOLA. I would recommend the beet filled with cheese, meat board with wine pairings, and for dessert Ethiopian ice cream. Well Bon Appetite and don't forget to request Dontae' as your server !We came to Doris after trying to come in when they were closed.  We both looked around and saw the butcher side of the house and how cool the restaurant looked and decided we needed to return while we were in town.  We booked a reservation for 12/30/13 and arrived to see the place packed.  We were promptly seated and as we were waiting we watched how attentive the manager (Stavros) was to each table making sure everything was going well and helping in any way he could.  Our server Marick was amazing and had great attention to every detail.  We had the porterhouse which was incredible.  For aps we had the tuna tartar which my dining partner said was the best she had ever had and how yummy it was.  I had the stuffed beets and I loved them.  All during the night the service was right on and the food just as good.  They brought us out a desert that I could hardly get a bite of due to my eating partner didn't want to share!!!  
We wanted to return the next night and they offered to help us get in on NYE even though they were booked but we could not get out of our costly hotel event so we stayed there and we're sad that we couldn't return.   Hope they know, we will be back!!  We also ate at the grill room and Stella, both were more expensive and Doris held their own against them and at a less expensive price.   Thank you Stavros and Marick for a great night.  LD and MWWow. Just had the eggplant appetizer. Best appetizer we've had at Doris so far. Excellent steak, never over done!  You don't want to miss this place is you travel to Nola!Ok... Here it is... A pretty damn good steak house in the Quarter.
Want to know what my biggest surprise was though?  The side salad.  Honestly... If you like salads then you may want to order this little gem.  
I had their 24 hour rib.  She had their ribeye.  Stick to the ribeye.  My dish was great but tasted more like a glorified pot roast.  Whereas her ribeye might have been in the top 3 I've ever had; and I've eaten more of those than I'll ever admit to. 
Also.. Their roasted veggies are pretty good.  I wasn't wow'd by the mash pots.  
Tip. Make a reservation.  This place can be nutty.  
Aside from all that.... If you end up having to sit at the bar like we did; just prepare yourself for a few bartenders that believe they are all that.  The tat sleeved boy we had may need to check himself into rehab in a few yrs if he isn't careful.
Definitely worth a try.Finally ate dinner at this restaurant that was recommended by a friend of ours.   We had a great dinner. Place has good service with great wait staff.  However, the place be a bit noisy at timesthis can be a very good restaurant if it just tried to less with the plates. by trying to do too much, each meal was missing a 'little something'. starting with the tuna tartare -- the tuna was excellent, but the mayonnaise textured sauce was horrible and there was no way to avoid it. next the fall of the bone as a dish was excellent, but the root puree kept getting in the way of the short rib. finally for dessert i had a puff pastry dish, but it was far too sweet. overall i liked it, but wish they would tone down the mix of flavorsNew and very large steak place. Lots of men. Aged beef, wine etc. looks so nice and new that everything tastes great.
Someone did an excellent job at decorating this space.What a surprise. I was impressed from the start with this place. I Had no expectations when we went in and was blown away with the staff, the drinks and the food. We enjoyed lots of drinks and lots of food over our several hours at the restaurant. The staff was very accommodating and the meal was pretty remarkable. Nothing felt rushed or unattentive. The outdoor space and Courtyard are both quaint and romantic. Our party of four enjoyed steaks, seafood, wine etc. While the bill is pretty pricey, it is worth it for a great night out. Doris Metropolitan was one of the top places that we visited in New Orleans. I highly recommend.I don't even know where to start with this place. I love for amazing dinner experiences and this one was my favorite. We walked in wearing shorts and flip flops and expected a place this nice to treat us the way they did. They welcomed us with smiles and became immediate friends. So not stuffy!!!
They led us to our table and introduced us to Dante. He is the best waiter I have ever experienced in my entire life! He joked with us, brought us special drinks, and treated us like kings and queens the whole time.
We chose to let him create our experience so he chose the wine, which was amazing, the bourbon, which was so good, and my port, which made me melt. 
For dinner he brought a giant platter of some of the best steaks I have ever had along with amazing sides. Best fries in town! The food here was unbelievably good and the whole experience was spectacular! Oh, and we met the Management team and the other servers. The consistency in their attitude shows they spend a lot of time on creating a culture where people look forward to coming to work. This is a place everybody must experience!seriously? I can't believe I have lived in new orleans for 10 months and hadn't been here yet. For sure, one of the best restaurants in new orleans. It is classic steak house, meats simple, modern decor with a cozy french quarter vibe...and the food is ridiculous...like melt in your mouth, orgasm with every bite meal. Meat is cooked to perfection...like medium rare is actually medium rare here!
So my suggestion?  Loosen your belt buckle, relax into your seat and request the chef bring you their suggestions, grab a bottle of red wine and enjoy the journey.Great place for a excellent steak.  Great atmosphere and staff is attentive and impeccable with service.  Place gets pretty busy so make sure to reserve early.  If you're solo the bar gets pretty active so will feel comfortable.I had the tuna tartar appetizer and the lamb as an entree while seated at the bar!  Service was quite amazing and attentive without being too much!  The bar is gorgeous here!This was the first place we went in New Orleans for our two week stay.  It was yet another work function but this one was great. Every thing we had was great, and I mean every single thing. I ate things I never thought I would.  My favorite thing was the cheese stuffed beet. It was to die for. I could have had an entree of just cheese stuffed beets.One of the most amazing meals I have ever eaten, and quite possibly the best ribeye I have ever had. The service was impeccable, the staff from the manager on down were spot on.  It is very pricey and completely worth it! We ate here twice and were only in town for four days.We had lamb, sweetbreads, and tuna for appetizers. All were exceptional, but I really enjoyed the lamb, thanks to the tzatziki which accompanied it. I had the bone-in ribeye cooked medium rare, and it was perfection. I must admit I don't recall the wine we drank, but the three of us drank two bottles.
Truly the highlight of the experience was our server, Niko. She was very patient and doting. None of us had been before, and she was happy to explain in detail every last nuance of our meal. One of my companions proposed marriage to her. Best server I have had in a long time. Should we return, we will insist Niko take care of us.Well I have to say this place serve the best steaks in NOLA. Steaks are amazing here! The service is good as well. They will always ask if everything is good when they have a chance. The "Hurricane" was awesome! It tastes really good.Waited an hour & 45 min for table!! They kept telling us it would be ready and then admitted they made a scheduling mistake. Our group had fun enjoying each other's co in the bar for most that wait so not to ruin the evening. The hostess was very rude and not at all apologetic. The manager never came to apologize until I asked to see him. Two stars for the apps and meal, very good, but I would never recommend nor return. Thinking they don't really care since most of their customer base is tourism. So if your visiting don't bother. Why waste a night out when you can go someplace where they actually care about their customers.Can you say overrated?  I had the butcher's cut (med-rare) because of the accolades it received from other Yelp reviews.  It did not live up to the hype.  My wife had the 8 oz tenderloin (med-rare), and a good 3 ounces of it was sinew and fat.  Really?  So disappointing.  Save your money -- there are so many amazing places to eat in New Orleans.  This is not one of them.Really upscale steakhouse. The service is great, but I didn't really like the short ribs but my girl loved the steak.The food was amazing and the service was excellent.  Although the ambiance is romantic, there are too many people crowded into a small place.  It is hard to have a conversation due to all the people in the room.  It was loud!  The wait staff kept bumping into each other and at one time, the waiter filling our water was bumped in the elbow by a passing waitress and he spilled water all over our table (he was not happy).  It does not seem as if a dress code is enforced or people screened at the door.  It was disturbing to see a biker woman being propped up on her biker man because she was so drunk she could not stand.  We got the good fortune of sitting next to this train wreck.  Not the type of customers most nice restaurants would let in.Doris Metropolitan is an all around top notch restaurant. The first time I ate here I split the bone in porterhouse and it was absolutely great. The second time, I ate here with two other people, and we literally got "a meat board." This contained a porterhouse, rib eye, and premium cut filet. This literally came out on fire. Cheese boards are good but I've never had people looking at us in a restaurant when they brought this thing out to our table. Overall it is a very cool restaurant, has a courtyard also, and is semi new to the New Orleans restaurant scene. Highly recommend this place if you like good meals.OMG! Best steak dinner ever! And we've eaten at every one in New Orleans!  The service was impeccable, our waiter Yan was knowledgeable and professional without being snobbish. His recommendations were spot on! I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves steak. Best rib eye,hands down!The best meal we had. Atmosphere, food and service were all top notch. We were all a little disappointed to have only had lunch and a few glasses of wine as their dinner menu looked equally if not even better. Fabulous find!My first time! The beet and the tuna tartar were soooo good! Had the sea bass and it rocked! Love this place!Best Ribeye I've ever had.  Not much more to say than that.   Service was great too.  My wife had the Sea Bass and said it was great.I found this restaurant to be good.   Not fabulous as all the reviews stated.  Perhaps the staff was understandably tired coming off the long french quarter festival.   Steaks were good. Drinks were good.  Service was just good.  He got a little forgetful and it was not very busy.Popular place and classy. Got the sweatbreads which were great and the chatuebriand tartare which was really awesome! The bread served with meal was also tasty and soft. Ordered the something cut can't remember the name. Was hoping for a thicker piece then the thin thing that came out. I'd say it was a tad over cooked to me but it was still juicy and tender so I didn't send it back. I wasn't blown away but it was good. The drink I ordered was ok wouldn't order it again. Then ordered the imperial stout which was really good just not $18 good. Had the olive cake dessert and well balanced. Pricey but I'd go back.Took a client out here for dinner last week and had the steak tenderloin. It was full of flavor! Great wine menu and sides as well. Definitely try their polenta. I'm hungry again just thinking about it!Where do I even begin? One of the best meals we have ever eaten. The first part was the house made bread. The brought out a rosemary focaccia, a wheat sourdough, and a rustic bread, with three types of butter, and an olive oil and tomato relish spread. All was warm and incredibly delicious. We chose the 31-day aged ribeye, along with the truffles polenta and the tomato salad. Wow! The steak was incredibly flavorful, juicy, and perfectly cooked. The polenta was so creamy, it had a whipped texture to it. The truffles were so decadent and perfect accompaniment to the steak. The tomato celebration salad was so incredibly surprising and the perfect side to offset the rich steak and polenta. The tomatoes are prepared four ways, then combined with seasoned feta, olives, and an egg yolk to coat the entire dish. It was a flavor explosion and highly recommended. We capped off the meal with a chocolate torte, with strawberry, pistachio, and marscapone. Great flavor, and a perfect finish to our meal. I highly recommend eating here when in NOLA!Wonderful meal and experience. Our server, Barbara, was fantastic - everyone truly enjoys their job and are happy to make suggestions and recommendations. One of the best places we ate in the French Quarter during our week's stay.Overall the experience here doesn't warrant the price. 
The staff turned their nose up at us from the moment we walked through the door. If you are a younger person, expect this. I noticed it wasn't just us as there were a number of younger clientele in the restaurant. They seemed to be getting the same stiff, why are you here, treatment.  
Now if that didn't ruin our dining experience, the fruit flies did. We spent most of or dinner trying to keep them out of our food. I've never experienced this at an upscale restaurant before... Service was also extremely slow. We were informed when placing our order that it would be 45 minutes to 1 hour to get our food. We were encouraged to order appetizers. 
The steak was excellent, can't really say the same for sweetbreads or the chilean sea bass we ordered. This is definitely a restaurant to go to for steak and steak alone.
In summary, if you want a great steak and don't care about service or anything else, this is a place to consider. It will not be a future consideration for us as we get far superior service elsewhere.WOW! Let me just say,, DORIS DO NOT OWE ME ANYTHING!!!! The steak was BEYOND delicious!!!! Cooked to perfection!! I would like to thank Omar & Corey for that! I just HAD to know who prepared my meal!!! I'm overly satisfied ... and to the bartender, Clarence, he surprised me with every drink! YUM! I trust him!!! I had a grand time.We had dinner at Doris Metropolitan on our first night in NOLA and it was great!  We sat outside in the courtyard, we went in on a Saturday night without reservations and were able to sit right away.  Our server Jerrin was excellent!  We started with the Artichoke Salad and Beet Root Supreme, both were excellent.  For dinner we had steak and fish and both were excellent. The root puree was an excellent side as well.  The pineapple plantation rum was a great drink especially for someone like me who doesn't even like rum.Quite possibly the best places I've ever eaten. Ordered the chef's choice meat board and it certainly didn't disappoint. Sweetbreads, tuna tartar, carpaccio to start... all mind blowingly good. Then the sous vide filet with bone marrow, seriously out of this world. Highly recommend. Well worth the price.Wow, wow, wow. I've lived in the CBD for a year now, and strangely I didn't even know this place existed. We sat at the bar after a Saints game. The restaurant has a really upbeat vibe. Not too noisy though. Our server at the bar was absolutely fantastic. She was so helpful with the menu and was super nice. 
The food was phenomenal. The beetroot supreme is fantastic. The veal cheek was so tender and went really well with the truffled polenta. The NY strip was one of the best I've ever tasted. 
This is a great place for a date or for a group. 5*'s all the way.One of the best steakhouses I have been to anywhere. Great food, and great service.  Highly recommended.This steakhouse is one of the best in the country and was one of my highlights as a resident in New Orleans. It's in a great location near the French Quarter and is beautifully designed. The staff was top notch and the food and wine was amazing. I had the tenderloin and it came with prepared marrow on the side which was really good and something you don't see everyday. You do need a reservation but it isn't a stuffy restaurant. We sat outside for faster seating but if the weather is warm I don't recommend it. I am a native southerner and I was on the verge of uncomfortable.My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for Valentines day weekend. Of course when we tried to make a reservation for sunday evening it was all booked. Luckily though they did accept walk ins! We got seated at the bar and had an excellent view of the kitchen, which me and my boyfriend really enjoyed. The bartender was great and very knowledgable of all the food on the menu. He answered all our questions and was very friendly. The dinner menu didn't have a lot of options, which I personally preferred because a large menu can get overwhelming. 
Our appetizer was the tuna tartare! The presentation was visually appealing and was perfectly plated. Although I thought the flavor was good, I did not enjoy the texture of the dish, but I am very picky when it comes to texture! My boyfriend had no problem with the texture and really enjoyed it. 
My main dish was the wagyu Japanese tenderloin 6 ounces. Very pricey but totally worth it! It also came with a bone on the side with bone marrow inside of it. This steak was AMAZING! I have never had such a delicious steak before. The seasoning was on point and the meat was so tender and easy to chew. It melted in your mouth. Every bite was perfection! It also came with this sauce next to the steak that was very delicious and just added to the flavor. 
Dessert we ordered Chocolate Semifreddo which has dark chocolate, white chocolate crème, coffee beans, salted caramel. The dessert was a solid A+. The perfect way to end an amazing meal!
I can't stress enough how good this place is! One of the best places I have ever eaten at.
The service is phenomenal! There was this guy walking around in a suit (not sure if the GM or the owner) but he was very helpful and would ask us if there was anything else he could get us. My boyfriend mentioned to him that it was our first time in NOLA and he gave us free shots and even took one with us! It was great! The executive chef who was literally right next to us because we were seated right in front of the kitchen was very attentive and precise and gave us our dessert for free! We felt very loved that night!
Overall it was an amazing experience and I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone staying in New Orleans!We were in town for business and went here to celebrate one of our associates birthdays. We had arrived early and the bartender made my fiancé a special drink to  help with her hangover that was delicious (ask for "the hangover" and you might get the same concoction). Our waiter, Stavros, was full of humor and insight. He gave us several on-the-money pointers. The wine suggested by the sommelier was fantastic and perfectly paired with the best steaks our party had ever tasted. Book a reservation, ask for the plus size male model "Stravos" to wait on your table, and enjoy!The steak was 5 star worthy.  All my wife kept saying was "wow." She got the Butchers Cut over mushroom ragu.  I got the 18 oz ribeye which was also really good. Both steaks were cooked perfectly. Our steaks were delivered in 5 minutes - fast service! The sides were lacking. I got a side of green salad which was disappointing flavor wise. Asparagus was tender but way overdone with Parmesan cheese. We were treated to Christmas Carolers popping in during dinner. Overall, it was truly a great meal and I highly recommend.Highly recommended! The steak was one of the best I've ever had, and I'm an aficionado. The mashed sweet potatoes were delicious. The service was outstanding, personal, quick and attentive. Easy to find on Chartres street, just one block West of the Cathedral. You will feel most comfortable in business casual attire, but I came in flip flops and shorts and still received the royal treatment !Doris Metropolitan came highly recommended to us prior to our visit.  Fortunately they were able to accommodate us for a late reservation on a Sunday after Jazzfest.  I started with the sweetbreads and my wife with the tuna tartare based largely on recommendations on this site and my curiosity for sweetbreads.  Both were excellent.  I proceeded to a tenderloin served with bone and marrow.  It was cooked perfectly.  It was seasoned perfectly.  I chose a side of truffled polenta and a pairing of a Chateauneuf-du-Pape.  I really don't have anything negative to say.  The service was excellent if maybe not a bit overly attentive.  The table bread was fresh and made in house.  My only regret is not being able to sample a dessert but I had nothing left at the end of this meal despite fasting all day.Location and ambience: 4.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Appetizers: 2.5 stars
Steak: 5 stars
Management: 0 stars
Hands down the best steak in town.  Great wine selection and cocktail list.  The appetizers weren't bad but they weren't anything I'd like to order again.
All the steaks we ordered were perfect..
Here's where it got a little ugly...
Our table ordered a Bulleit Rye Whiskey.  When the bill arrived ($600), I noticed that we were up-charged $2 on the whiskey.   I know what you're thinking, so what, its only $2... But that irks my nerves.  I informed the waitress about the discrepancy, and she told us that she'd show the manager and take care of it. 
She returned to our table to inform us that since the drink was ordered on the rocks, they used more whiskey and thus the $2 upcharge.  It was the most BS thing I have ever heard...  I almost fell out of my chair.
So yes, after that little incident, I will never return.The best Porterhouse steak I've ever had. Until recently, Quality meats in NYC was my favorite steak restaurant in the US. Doris Metropolitan just claimed that title. The steak was so delicious you would have thought it was Wagu beef. Highly recommend with their fries.The food was amazing. Everyone is so nice and happy.  It feels great to get the warm southern welcome. Troy was helpful with the food and wine.  You feel is if you come here every Friday with the welcomes and the care they give you.So again we have been wowed by Doris!  Food was amazing as usual and I am just thrilled with the atmosphere!  My wife and I took a client and she was duly impressed as well.  All things considered, I can see no weakness here.  
This time we tried a couple of items we had not indulged before including the veal cheek and one member of the party ordered a burger.  Everything was excellent.  
We met the owners including Doris himself (yes pronounced "Door-ee") and he was very gracious amid a litany of compliments.  Loved it!  Thanks!!For our final meal in New Orleans, my coworkers and I knew we wanted steak: the question was, where? After searching various reviews and lists of steakhouses in NOLA, I landed on Doris Metropolitan (primarily because of the truffle fries as my one coworker is a truffle fanatic). We had a fantastic dining experience at Doris Metropolitan! Dinner started off with the tuna tartar which was fresh, light, and delicious. Accompanied by the fresh bread they served, we were off to a great start. 
For dinner I went with the NY strip (medium well) which was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I especially liked the additional salt and pepper on the plate to add to the seasoning if I desired. Everyone commented their steak was one of the best they've ever had. The sides were also delicious, especially the fries. The vegetables were cooked perfectly (I could've eaten a plate of the artichokes alone) and the asparagus gratin was the best asparagus I've ever eaten. 
Shoutout to Sean whose excellent service made our visit exceptional. Even now, we are talking about whenever in NOLA next, we'll be sure to have another dinner at Doris Metropolitan.A great place for our anniversary celebration. We had window seats and great service. The ambiance is amazing at this place so fresh and romantic at the same time. The beat roasted in goat cheese Gorgonzola is out of this world.Talk about an absolute GEM of a place in the Big Easy. After a long week of nonstop drinking with fellow attendees of SEG, my last night in town I decided I was in serious need of some good ole steak to fill my Texan hunger. THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT! The waiter, James, was extremely familiar with the menu and took us through each and every cut, explaining the ins and outs of each piece, and honestly as much as I know my steak he did a tremendous job of expanding my knowledge! 
Settling on the 31 day dry aged bone in New York strip, I swear it was the most on point steak, full of an endless amount of flavor, juices keeping it moist and glorious to the highest level. I've been to my fair share of steakhouses and they nailed it here. 
A great atmosphere, old with a mix of new that really gives you a best of both worlds design. The set up is awesome and they did an awesome job with the kitchen being open to your viewing so you can enjoy the unbelievable meat and watch as they make the next one! 
Oh... And the fries. Best I've ever had. 'Nuff Said.Simply amazing. Everything from a relaxing ambiance with warm lighting, great jazz music, warm bathrooms, and excellent service, to delectable food with the most intriguing flavor profiles. This place is spendy, but well worth the money. We had the cured fish bruschetta, which the waiter said wasn't often ordered; however it was amazing. Seven layers of complex flavor and even a bit of molecular gastronomy (which I'm normally not a fan of, but in this case it works!). You won't be disappointed. I got the short rib for my main. It was solid in flavor. Not the best I've ever had but I was definitely not disappointed. The meat was very tender and simply seasoned. I was surprised by the large portion size-- normally when I order the short rib dish at a restaurant it's fist-size small (ladies fist). They did garnish it with a large raw sprig of rosemary which was unwelcome-- you never garnish with anything you can't eat-- and i often had to remove fallen bits of raw rosemary from my bites. My hubs got the chefs cut with mushroom ragu. While it was a bit more rare than he expected, the flavor of the aged beef was divine and the mushroom ragu on point. The fresh baked bread and olive oil mix they serve up front was to die for.Great atmosphete. The vibe is sophisticated and not as casual as a lot of the restaurants in the area but the staff is so welcoming that you are bound to feel comfortable.  Tuna  tartar is to die for and the lamb chops were delicious.My husband and I went here for our 25th wedding anniversary. When he made the reservation, he asked for a table by a window, or at least a decent table, for the evening. When we arrived, we were seated in a row of tables against the wall, very close to tables on either side of us....when I asked if we could at least sit at the end, by the window, I was told no, even though it was empty. 10 minutes later, they seated a spiky haired kid and his date there. I mean... Come on... A local couple celebrating their 25th anniversary, or someone who I suspect was actually friends of theirs. Bad choice. That's the only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of five, because the steak I had was hands down, the best steak I've ever had in my life, and I'm pretty picky about steaks. It was so flavorful and tender, it melted in your mouth. I also had the sweetbreads, which were also excellent. Other than having to spend my anniversary elbow to elbow with strangers, I have nothing but praise! It's on the pricey side, but well worth every dollar.We came in from dallas pretty late and yelp open late restaurants and stumbled across this place. Omg so good... steak was amazing! Service was great.. tuna tartare delicious..  we had the ribeyeAbsolutely incredible food and service. The total experience was incredible. Love the wine and digestive options. Can't wait to go back.Amazing steak, cocktails, & more. Fresh bread made in house with a sampling of butters and shaved tomato in olive oil and balsamic. My husband had the 31 day aged Rib Rye and I had the
Lamb Chops. The flavors were all fantastic. The lamb chops were served on 2 sauces- a tahini chickpea sauce and a tzaki yogurt sauce. Most amazing flavors to go with the lamb chops that were cooked perfectly. The Rib Eye was delicious and also cooked perfectly. We had the grilled vegetables and truffle polenta for sides. Yum yum yum, more deliciousness. Service was fantastic and the ambiance is modern yet classic New Orleans. Great cocktails and Huge wine list. We let our waiter surprise us and choose a bottle of red, he did not disappoint.Great atmosphere and drinks!   Loved sitting at the bar and having apps and drinks.  This was hands down one of my favorite places in NOLA!I feel bad giving thid place 4 stars. I reserve five stars for the one or two places that rock my world. This place came close, the 4.5 star yelp average is right on. Sat at the bar, had an awesome barrel-aged cocktail, a perfectly-prepared and aged ribeye, and amazing grilled veggies (asparagus hearts, Brussel sprouts...really? Wow!) A nice glass of wine to wash it down, and life is good. I've eaten at some high end steakhouses that charge more for lower quality steaks. Outstanding.We were there for my daughter's 21st birthday. Highly recommend to order "family style" steak. There were all kind of steaks porterhouse, rib eye, tenderloin, New York strip, bone marrow all that goodness on two huge plates for everyone to share. It happened that all 8 of us like medium rare and everything was cooked to perfection. Tuna tartare, asparagus, sautéed veggies, fries everything was so good! Ambiance is very laid back and service perfect. Our wine and water glasses refilled on time and seamlessly. 
We will definitely return and bring more people back. Now I understand why you have to make a reservation month ahead. It's definitely worth the time and money.