I order from here almost every night while at work. I love that they are open late and deliver. I always get exactly what I ask for and how I expect it to be cooked. The only negative is that delivery can take a long time and they often run out of food. But I guess that can be expected with such a popular restaurant.The service was terrible. They didn't come back to the table to check if everything was OK or refill drinks. The food was just ok.Odd experience by my husband. He doesn't drink but needed a snack while I was shopping Magazine. First server who turned out to be the bartender approached him cautiously (promise he's not creepy looking!) and rather unwelcoming as if unnerved by a middle-aged man in a polo shirt & khaki shorts dining alone at 2:00 pm in an otherwise almost empty bar & grill...ok...luckily another friendly server took over. He ordered only a $9 quesadilla appetizer with water, which he found tasty & priced right. The reason for writing is that the competent server even felt the need to put him on notice there is "usually a $10 minimum" and "wanted him to know in case the manager said anything". Did I mention it was 2:00pm and almost empty? What on earth would be the point of having a minimum if there's not a wait for seating or entertainment? Maybe that's how they keep out "vagrants" who just need to eat after visiting a nearby community health center but seriously?! Just hope someone reviewing the server's guestchecks doesn't reprimand her for breaking the rules. (Eyeroll)We stayed right near here, wandered in on a whim and basically never left. $5 pitchers of PBR, adequate but mediocre bar food, super friendly staff. Huge patio. It is lovelyWe had a groupon for this place, so we figured we might as well check it out.  So glad we did.  The server was so friendly and helpful and seemed very excited to do his job.  We ordered the jalapeno poppers for an appetizer. They were good but nothing out of the ordinary.  I ordered the Bison burger with fries. Burger excellet, fries good.  The burger was cooked perfectly to what I ordered.  My husband had the Five Napkin Burger and Onion Rings. He said the burger was one of the best, maybe the best, he has had in New Orleans, and it's big enough for about 3 meals. The Onion Rings were really good, better than the fries in my opinion, but my husband seemed to like both equally.  We would both recommend this place and plan to go back!First time in New Orleans and found a Groupon for here. It seemed like the perfect neighborhood bar, nothing fancy but if I were a local, it would be exactly what I wanted within walking distance. Service was lacking, even though they weren't busy. But the food was good - we got the catfish po boy and a Ceasar salad and both were delicious. If you want to break away from the touristy areas, this is a good choice.I should have written a review my last time there and it would have been 5 Stars. This time though the waiter made it lose a star. He seemed to be bothered that he had to work. Made me feel like we were bothering him by being there. 
The food and atmosphere is goodafter getting food poisoning twice, I think I will just steer clear of this joint.This is a nice locals place worth a stop if you're hanging out on this end of Magazine Street. The menu is pretty standard bar fare with a nice homemade burger. A decent craft beer selection on top and they make a nice bloody mary. Friendly people and staff. You could do a lot worse if you're looking for a nice place to take a break and have a drink.I've been here several times over the past few years and it is really hit or miss. Lately it's been more of a miss and I don't think it's worth coming here anymore. Tonight I ordered delivery and was very disappointed. I ordered a chicken parmesan sandwich with onion rings and extra marinara sauce. The bread was pretty stale. I received fries and for some reason a side of spicy mustard (wtf?) but was still charged for the onion rings and extra marinara sauce that I did not get. By the time it was delivered it was past their closing time so I couldn't get my onion rings. This is not the first time something like this has happened. Apparently nobody bothers to check the food before delivery to make sure it was made correctly. I don't see a reason to ever order from here again. I'll order from Half Moon instead.So when I ordered there to deliver, I got a man on the phone who spoke very loud and very fast. He honestly made me stressed out. I decided to order their Asian burger, and it was very very VERY average. Nothing special to it. It tasted exactly like a regular burger, with absolutely no Asian spices or flavors. Very sad. Very bland tasting overall. 
Wanting to give them another chance, I called them again about a week later to order. I got the same man on the phone as I had gotten last time, although he was even more unpleasant this time around. He put me on hold for 10 MINUTES before HANGING UP ON ME. Literally 10 minutes. I called again, he picked up and asked what I wanted. I told him i would like an order delivered and he said "deliveries don't start until 630, honey" before hanging up on me. It was 6:25. NEVER ORDERING FROM HERE AGAIN.I was staying in the area so decided to bicycle over to DTH.  I got the Shrimp Po Boy. Overall it was a good, tasty Po Boy. Now if you never had a Po Boy I would not recommend getting one here, simply for the fact that the sub roll, not baguette, that they use is more of a 5 grain bread type...  The price for the amount of shrimp offered is a little high, but not excessively. Once again I did enjoy it.  The fries were good. They are soft, not crispy, as it seems everywhere in Nola.
Though I didnt get the Onion Rings, I did see them, and they look fantastic! I should have gotten them.I ordered the Cuban it was very dry and tasted like lunch meat on stale bread. We also ordered the buffalo wings which were soggy and tasted like the ones from Domino's. Worst meal I've had in recent memory.Oyster Po' boy was amazing. Great scene, friendly locals. Try the hurricane on a hot day.Visited down the hatch in October as I had bought a Groupon for my vacation to New Orleans.
I knew going in that this place did have some very mixed reviews but hoped for the best.
Unfortunately this was my first Po-Boy I had in New Orleans and so glad it wasn't my last.
I ordered the roast beef po-boy which was not good.  The bread although meant to be toasted was almost dehydrated and I honestly believe the roast beef came from a can.  It was very soupy and tasteless.  The fries were also very bland and luke-warm at best.  The service was  meh as we sat there at least 10 minutes before we were noticed.  Gave two stars as it is a fun environment and probably great for game nights.   Beer and games yes, food and service no.Great little breakfast gem in Garden District. We were looking for a low key brunch place and Down the Hatch although it looked a bit divy had a great menu and friendly faces. We started with some stiff spicy Bloody Mary's and coffee and then I had the Cajun shrimp omelette which was rich, full of flavor a big serving accompanied with roasted potatoes. The omelette was filled with shrimp, cheese and Cajun spices and the potatoes had onion and red peppers. Not too greasy, plentiful and delicious accompanied by super friendly serviceExpensive and dirty bar food. But hey, they deliver.We are in New Orleans for the first time. We got in late. Down the hatch was open till 2:00 AM! This place has a great atmosphere and freaking amazing food! I had an alligator sausage po'boy and a Long Island. My wife had a chicken sandwich. Best chicken EVER! It was so freaking good I ate everything and didn't even consider a picture! Lol (sorry not sorry) if you are local or just visiting this place is worth checking out.Basic mainstream pub. The food was ok when it finally arrived, but bad pounding hard rock from the 80s was hard to listen to.Friendly staff. Free WiFi. Good drink. Those three ingredients make me one happy man.Stopped in for lunch the other day, and gotta say I'm a fan.  Definitely a neighborhood joint feel (plus a bit of dive bar when the tables aren't crowded) but there's a decent amount of seating, the place is clean, and there is apparently a large patio out back which I presume gets more use in the evenings.  Pretty good beer list, everything you need for a good cocktail, and the bar food menu seems to be mostly scratch made.  And what bar has schwarma and gyros?  I went with a burger on my first visit and it was a large hand-made burger cooked perfectly medium and very good.  Fries were also quite good and nicely seasoned with a bit of heat too.
If you're looking for a friendly bar & restaurant with solid scratch made bar food this may be your place.  There are a couple other local/dive bars in the vicinity but for me this wins on atmosphere, drinks, and food.  Not fancy, but very well done.I dig places that welcome my dog so that's a good starting point- dog is welcomed, offered water, and loved on. He absolutely adores this place. I like it a lot too. 
We've been here a couple times now and will definitely go back again. The food is a good step above typical bar fare. Their menu has all the bar food classics, but it's not limited to that- they have a pretty good selection of different items. I've had the pulled pork and the chicken tenders and both were much better than expected. The drinks are just peachy and everything is very reasonably priced. The staff has always been attentive (even when I've been outside with the dog) and good at their jobs.Went here to lunch with 2 co-workers.  Right when I first walked in it smelled like bleach/incense.  It is kind of dingy, but I guess because it is a bar/grill.  We all got burgers.  My burger was perfectly medium cooked, juicy and a great size.  Not sure if I'd go back.Who dat burger is good, loved the sauteed mushrooms took my burger to amazing ! Sweet potatoe fries were a tad bit over cooked but edible....I order from here at least once per week & the food is consistently good each time-fresh, not greasy & very tasty.  DTH front staff is attentive & friendly no matter how busy & always make a great drink while I am waiting for my order--love them!I went here with two buddies. Only one other table in at the time. We sat right next to them. 15 minutes later and no one has even acknowledged our existence. A waitress who hardly looked busy kept walking past. The prick of a bartender never stopped bull shitting with his one customer to ask if we wanted to look at a menu. We walked out and headed to half moon. Now when I am hungry for bar food, I walk right on by this place. I wanted to love it because it's so close to my house. There is no way I am going to spend my money at a place that accepts this behavior from staff. Fucking pathetic.The food here has changed as well as the bartenders. I used to go here because it was close to my house, they have an awesome back patio, and I used to know the locals that went there and the food was pretty tip top. The last thing I order was for delivery, it was one of their wraps and it was missing things in it and it was smaller, it was ok, something inside of it was more crunchy or a little well done than I was used to but it was fine. It is still good American food.Great selection of local micro brews.  Wonderful bartender Lynne!And one of the best, biggest burgers I've had at any burger "joint"!  The Down the Hatch burger was delicious.  The thin cut onion rings were light and delicious!  Sweet potato fries were cooked to perfection.  If you are looking for a great burger and beer pub, this is the place. A new NOLA favorite!This place is in my regular rotation. The bartenders are all super friendly and chill. If you do something to piss them off chances are you're just a complete d bag anyway. The food here is always great. It's bar food but it's a step above bar food and doesn't leave you hating yourself or your wallet, very reasonably priced. They deliver and they are open late (3am I believe)Nice place but a half-hour wait on a medium burger with an empty house?! The cook's gotta be taking naps on the job...One of my go-to's for bars despite my favorite bartender moving back home to Massachusetts. They've got food and reasonably priced drinks...although you can get cheaper drinks other places, this place still gets my business. Staff is pretty cool and service is pretty decent. They've got a patio you can enjoy as well.I too, came here during a Saints game, when we lost to the 49'ers.  I order a blue cheese burger and fries, which were pretty good. It was loaded! However the service was terrible. Only one bartender and one waitress. The place was packed. i was sitting at the bar, too.  I felt bad, but wow...My kids are picky; they both ordered the burgers with fries and both were pleased.  We ordered 2 servings of the spinach dip which was good, but a lil pricey for the portion size.  The Hells Wings were ok, nothing special.  The waiter was great; he worked the bar and waited tables by himself, he didn't complain but I'm sure he would have been much happier if he had some help.  Nice pub style setting.  We will be back again!Not bad.  But there are quite a few better choices in this neighborhood. The service  is awful.  The food is good, but not worth the wait. If you are a hipster who feels you need to Instagram your drink. This is the place for you.GREAT Service!
Recently moved to the Irish Channel and was looking for some late night yummies. Down the Hatch delivered! I actually ordered pick up and got the Sante Fe Wrap, my roommate the Asian Burger, both so good! 
The service was the best, friendly and attentive on phone, super helpful in person, even added extra condiments. 
Really awesome for late night munchies=)Fun as a venue for a group because they have a great outdoor patio with a bar in the back. There are also fairly decent drink deals for groups.
I didn't try the food, but it seems worth coming back. It's a super casual spot in a comfortable, divey sense.Service was great and that is refreshing near the Lower Garden. The bloody Mary's were AWESOME and they use their own infused vodka that gave it so much flavor. I also like their on Tap selection, not a ton of beers but a good selection with range for any taste. They also had Abita Blueberry on Tap, yes please! Food is great for a bar setting and they do not skimp. TBH I would go back just for the friendly chatter!Bad service , food was slow and they messed up the order .. Appetizers came after meal .... Good was pretty good. But overall bad service and experienceWorst service of any restaurant I've been to in my entire life. Not even close.
Took an hour and 20 min for food with no apology. We had six people and one person got wings in 30 min then the rest of us sat there wondering if food would ever arrive. After an hour ten minutes more food came and myself and one other person were informed that they were out of what we ordered (hummus) 
To top of off the waitress brought all of our food on one check and said we should just split it to make it easier. Even though everyone had vastly different bills. When we said we'd rather pay for what we each ordered she gave us major attitude but finally consented.
Just an all around awful experience.The food is pretty good and the black bartender is even better. recommend this to anyone that is in New Orleans.Just ate here for lunch. Ordered a burger, and sandwich and a wrap. I have never waited so long for food. It took an hour to get the food, which was mediocre at best. The place was not busy. Several people left fed up with the service. I will not go back here.We stopped-in for an après parade snack last evening, after a six or eight month absence.
Food: cheeseburger, O-rings, 'tater skins, coldbeer were all better than last time.  
Slow service, large partying crowd, inexpensive, convenient. . . . . . . 
Bottom line is that DTH is now back on our once-in-a-while list.
All better, now !
RickHOLY CHEESE FRIES. 
If that's your bar food of choice, this place is great. Can't say much else about the other food items, but these were great enough for me to log onto yelp and talk about them. 
Nice to see that they also deliver?!As a place to have drinks and watch a game?  Maybe.  As a place to also eat?  I think not.  Came to watch the New Orleans vs Panthers game today.  Ordered a hamburger during First Quarter of the game.  Fast forward to beginning of Fourth Quarter and three "Uh... just checking on our food?" prompts later and the food finally arrives.  Wait staff were friendly enough but guess they're dealing with like one poor cook in the kitchen who's trying to handle a game crowd all by himself.  
The hamburger and fries were decent, but not worth a 1.5 hour wait.  Guess we'll head to Tracey's next game.One of my favorite places to relax and grab a beer! The chicken tenders is on point as well. 
I like the back patio area for the day time and the bartenders are as nice as you get for a bartender. I don't like them overly nice... It just don't feel right. I like a little rough around the edges.NEVER ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE! First off, they charged my debit card twice for the same (overpriced) meal. Ive called about 4 different times about this and they tell me that it wasn't their fault and that my bank should credit it back in a few days. But the money has yet to be credited back to my account. I feel like they did this to scam me out of 60 dollars, thinking I wouldn't investigate further and try and get my money back. Secondly, there food is TERRIBLE and not worth the money! I got the nachos and the cheese fries and they tasted so bad, did not come with the extra toppings I paid for, and were cold. This place has awful service AND food.This was my goto weekend meal for the last month, but appears I need to start looking elsewhere.   My last order, the burger was drastically under cooked, the bacon was  unedible and the meal had chunks of egg shells in it.  All my previous burgers where perfect and this was the only order with any issues.  Since I've only had the one problem I could over look it, but I just tried to place an order tonight and was told they where not  delivering food for another hour and would not take my order, despite yelp and  Grubhub indicating that they are delivering at the time of my call.   These last two incidents have definitely changed my opinion on what I once thought to be a great restaurant.   When the food is correct it's great, when they are busy you never know what you will get or if you will get anything at all.sweet potato fries and Texan burger were bomb! service was indifferent but I'll eat here againNothing really stood out for me about this place. I've only been here once with my kickball team though so I probably shouldn't be so quick to judge.
The only thing I liked was the courtyard. Other than that, it's just a regular bar. Like I said, nothing stands out. I would much rather go to Avenue Pub, Fat Harry's, or Bulldog to hang out with friends.Oredered the alligator sausage PO boy and it was very tasty. Service was really good and friendly.I'm not going to apologize for loving Down the Hatch, but I understand the mixed reviews. They've gone through multiple chefs, staff and menu changes since opening. However, my general impression has always been a very positive one. The burgers are thick, angus beef with soft buns served with battered fries or onion rings. They are generally very, very good.  They also have sandwiches on the menu, including a very good Reuben.   
My latest kick is their buffalo wings, which are second to none in the city.  I also enjoy their quesodillas, which are served with chicken, pork, shrimp or beef. It's simply a great place for bar food, and the drink prices (particularly with their specials) are decidedly on the low side. They have $1 PBRs on draft until 8 p.m., which is unbeatable if you're looking for cheap beer. 
The downside is that they are inconsistent at times.  For a while they had a lousy supplier to wings who couldn't make proper cuts (leaving protruding bones and not enough meat on some wings).  Sometimes, I've noted, the chef will cook a "medium" or "medium-well" burger to a charcoal briquette.  They use good beef, so it's disappointing to get a dry burger every now and then. 
The service I've experienced there has been consistently good (including prompt delivery), but they have had some turnover so that appears to be a "your mileage will vary" issue.  Overall, despite some shortcomings, Down the Hatch is the definitely the best tavern in the Lower Garden District.  I definitely recommend them, particularly if you're on a budget and just looking for a quick beer and some grub.I'm debating how to review Down The Hatch. The food was good, the atmosphere was nice, but I'm still itching from the absurd number of mosquitoes who decided to enter the building and feast upon my toes.
Really, I can't hold the mosquito thing against them. It adds to the atmosphere that they leave the door open (and it's functional, seeing as they have a patio).
I'll get back to the food, whilst scratching my feet. Tip: Don't wear flip flops.
I purchased a Groupon, which gave me a reason to make the drive from the Westbank to visit Down the Hatch. Plus, it was a baby-free night and I wanted a good drink. This is exactly what I got. I can't remember what it was, but it was a very potent tea/lemon thing with a strange name. It was the special, and it was good.
We then enjoyed some nachos as an appetizer. They weren't spectacular, but were quite good.
The burgers were awesome. I can't remember what Daniel ordered, as I was much too busy enjoying my own. I had the Asian Cajun. While it was a little salty (I think it was the bacon + soy ginger sauce combination), the flavor was interestingly delicious. The burger was cooked perfectly, too. I had mine with a side salad, not expecting much more than "salad from a bag" and some dressing, but was pleasantly surprised that it had a variety of lettuce, fresh mushrooms, tomato, and cucumber. Yum.
I would definitely return if another Groupon pops up, or if I happen to be in the area and craving a burger.Great place to watch the Saints and Seahawks! Indoor and outdoor seating with a back bar.Update, I've given Down the Hatch several tries since and after requesting that they sort sandwiches and fries into separate containers, everything has been fine. I would recommend them for a late night lazy burger
Delivery Review: Asked for a burger poboy and the WERE nice enough to make that happen for us. That said, the veggies were under the sandwich and wilted, the fries were wet and soggy and the bread was tough and chewie. The upside: Delivery was only 10 minutes late. The potential forgiveness point: we are on the outside of their delivery rangeThe food is really good. Our favorite app is the BBQ nachos, they are loaded with pulled pork & goodness!! Sandwiches are so good, we had the patty melt, chicken parm sandwich & the Texas burger!!!I've lived down the street from DTH since I've moved to NOLA, and it's a great little neighborhood bar, with greasy, stick to your bones food. They've got a great back patio (where they allow dogs!). My only issue with it seems to be that the back patio is somehow a breeding ground for mosquitos. Now, I'm born and raised in the South, and know the mosquitos down here are a whole different breed.. and I have sweet blood, so I'm used to getting bit.  BUT, this was a whole different story. Swarmed.  Which makes it pretty miserable.
But the food is your standard burgers and sandwiches.. nothing fancy, but it's done right. And the staff is really friendly. Also, $1 PBRs and $4 bloodies during happy hour (daily). I haven't had their bloody maries yet, but I'm sure they're great. Plus a great on tap selection.
It's nice to have them as an option in the neighborhood.Beware. 52 dollars and no food. I ordered food  while at a hospital.  IAFTER 2 and half hours of waiting we were discharged from the hospital and  I called to cancel my order.  .  I was told that it would be no delivery and that a refund on my card would be issued.  For the past two weeks I have been given the run around and several promises of a refund.  Today 4-6-2014 I am told that the owner does not feel my reason for refusing the very late food is reason to issue a refund.   I did not get any food and my 52 dollars was taken.  NEVER ORDER TAKE OUT FROM here.  If your food is hours late you will be billed.  WARN ALL HUNGRY PEOPLE NOT TO ORDER FROM HERE.Hello home of the $2 well!  I love the vibe,  the bartenders are sweeties and the drinks are strong.  I had the chicken tender basket and my honey had the pulled pork,  they were cool,  nothing to write home about but the drinks are definitely good.  Probably won't go hungry but definitely will visit again to get a buzz!I think the A-OK rating captures Down the Hatch perfectly. I've literally passed by the place multiple times, and it hadn't registered on my radar until being informed of their amazing game day special. I don't want to activate any hipster alerts, but I love me some $1 PBR. 
Although you would never expect it, Down the Hatch has a rather large back patio. I asked if they were dog friendly, and we have a winner! It's a little awkward to access the back patio with pupster because you have to walk through the front bar. I was peaking my head around multiple times to see if there was some sort of back entrance. None found, so I just moseyed on through. Although dog shenanigans don't bother me, if you know anyone with some sort of dog aversion/allergies this set up may bother them. 
Otherwise the back patio was great and not at all crowded for the game. They even had cool patio cushioned chairs to sit in, which were very cozy. So, we have beer, check! Game, check! What's next? Wings!!! I really love the wings here.... big, crispy and spicy (although I'm sure the sauce is a standard buffalo, franks maybe?). I would love to see more flavors on the menu since they do them so perfectly. That being said some of the other appetizers I had were not as amazing. I unfortunately was not a huge fan of the chicken nachos, as they were made with the movie theater style nacho cheese, and for the $11 price tag I was expecting some more shredded cheddar. Also, the cheese fries are made in a similar manner with the same nacho cheese, but these at least had the shredded variety as well. Anyways not to berate their cheese selection or to appear like a cheese snob with my $1 PBR, I would suggest sticking with the wings..... another round bar keep!
Some other cool details about the place is they do have a back bar, which is very convenient for PBR refills, however, they make some of their mixed drinks at the front. For example, my Bloody Mary starters was made at the front, and then brought to the table. Their bloodies are good, and upon ordering a second round I learned they had vegetable infused vodka, cool let's give that a shot! I liked it, but I'm still on the fence on the $1.50 upcharge (that's a PBR and a 1/2!). Another funny/silly detail about the game day special is if you order a coke it's $2. Beer is cheaper than soda!?! Either way having said $1 and PBR enough times to sound like a cheapo, I admit that sometimes I am, but that doesn't mean you can't be too! Down the Hatch I will be back, with friends.Good wings & burgers and beer, but the middle eastern dishes are shitty. I'm middle eastern and they need to just take those dishes off the menu. Their menu is kinda all over the place (American bar foods, Mexican-ish food & what they thought was middle eastern food lol) I say stick to the typical burgers, wings, & dips.By far the worst burgers I have ever had. My husband and I ordered two burgers with UberEATS today. Both were charred and burnt to a crisp. The patties were about a third the size of the buns. He ordered sweet potato fries but got regular fries. Everything we had was so terrible. I couldn't even eat my burnt beef "burger". If we were in the restaurant we would have sent both back. Total waste of money. If there were stars less than one I would have rated this meal that much.DTH, a neighborhood favorite, is having serious kitchen troubles, again.
Our last three cheeseburgers were, terrible, awful, & barely passable.
We are saddened by this, as we like the place.
So, you have been warned.  We'll check it out every 3 or 4 weeks and will report back any improvement.
Meanwhile, our 'hood still suffers from NO GOOD CHEESEBURGERS.  
Until further notice, cheeseburgers at Houston's, St. Charles @ Felicity, or New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co. further out St. Charles, are better.  Charcoal's, Magazine @
Jackson is OK, too.
RickGood little place! Needed an after 10pm meal and wandered in there. Good clean atmosphere. Waitress/bartender did really well up until the end when the bar got fuller. Strongly suggest the Texan burger. Very messy but very good.So we ordered delivery just to test out their fare.  Man, that was a seriously bad idea.  We ordered wings, a Tex burger, and jalapeno poppers, and should have just stuck with the poppers.  They were actually decent, however, my wings were still flapping for escape they were so uncooked.  My friend said her burger was a giant grease ball, but I'll take indigestion over total food poisoning any day.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day (or chef), but I've definitely seen better fare.Unfortunately this place has gone down hill very much. The food used to be decent as well as the bar. This was my last visit here. Especially now with Munch next door offering better food and service. The atmosphere at Half Moon and Garden district pub are also a better option if you're looking to just grab a drink.Went to watch the Saints-Seahawks divisional game with some friends. ;(  
It was semi crowded as I'm sure all bars were because of the game so we ended up standing in the main room.
The front bar only had two bartenders and they were the SLOWEST bartenders I've ever seen.  This is a day when the business could make a lot of money, instead the main room was only staffed with two people that were moving slower than a US Postal Service employee.  It would take over 10 minutes standing at a not so crowded bar to get a round or drinks.  Closing out a tab took over 20 minutes.
There was a guy standing next to us watching the game.  It turns out he is the owner.  Instead of helping behind the bar and keeping customers happy, he was watching the game...
There was a Coors Light promo team that showed up to the bar but almost had to leave because the bar didn't have any Coors Light.  On Saints playoff game day...  They ended up sampling Miller Lite instead.
I haven't had their food and there was a backyard which was showing the game and had a bar but I never made it out back.  I guess I would return on a normal night but this definitely is not a good place to watch a game because of slow service.This is a solid neighborhood bar! Anytime of day passing the bar, there are always a few guys sitting outside with a dog who greet you. (Both the dog and the men)
I'm not sure if people come for the food, drinks, courtyard, or TV's, prob a combination of all of the above. The wings, first off are top notch! They are pretty huge, always cooked to perfection and slathered with tasty sauces. The burgers are great, but if you want them cooked well done, be sure to tell them! 
But I must say, I was a bit underwhelmed when I ordered a shrimp po boy from them. I called to see if they offer half and half because I couldn't commit to shrimp or oysters. Unfortunately they do not offer half and half. :/ I asked how many inches the poboys were and the bartender told me 12". Generally when restaurants offer 12" sandwiches, you can get them customized, but whatevs. I ended up getting the shrimp po boy to go. Once I picked up my order, the fries and sandwich were in a styrofoam to go container. I opened it to double check everything was included, and sure enough it was. My po boy was not 12", but closer to 8". Smh, just like a man to not know. The poboy itself was underfilled with shrimp, but a po boy none the less that filled my belly. 
I'm a huge fan of their Wednesday night Trivia night, which happens around 7:30 ish weekly. The prizes are generally bar tabs, which is the real reason you play, amIright? The bar has no drink menu or speciality drinks, but they can basically make anything you want.
I experienced an issue with a charge on my card, and thought it would be this really long, drawn out process with me speaking to several different managers and contacting my bank, but the manager was really kind and hassle free about the issue, which made me want to continue coming here. 
The atmosphere is fun and cozy, like a neighborhood dive bar, with really great food. It's definitely one of my faves in the city!Solid sports bar in an area where there's not many sports bars with good food/drink options at a great price. Here on a Saturday with $5 pitchers (of Rolling Rock, but still), and got a Philly cheese which was pretty good. Great drinks and cool bar tenders, if I got some food the next time I'd definitely go for a burger.Horrific customer service - very rude waitress...........after checking out Down The Hatch on the net, I decided that the place looked good with reasonable prices so I purchased a Group On Deal. That is where the compliments end. The waitress first said I couldn't get my order to go (This rule was not stated my Group On but oooooookay ) therefore I unpacked and ate my food inside. Then my bill was $17.00 out of the $20.00 on the Group On and that was a problem as well. Poor customer service!  I will never eat here again.Get the "Asian Cajun Burger".  It was a truly great burger!  Service was excellent.  Cool bartender, I was there on a Monday..The Down the Hatch burger is Jesus on a bun. 
All the rest of the food is good as well. Drinks are cheap and location is prime. Plenty of TV's and a nice court yard make it great for watching the game. Staff is for the most part friendly and always interesting. I lived uptown for a year and honestly this was my go to spot.$1 PBR pints
Awesome outdoor back patio with TV's. Best place to watch a game in the city.
Good food. Discount after 10pm for students
Staff remembers you and is friendly which is nice in this day and agePo Boy recipe is great here. If you find yourself in the garden district and want to spend time with more locals than tourists this is a great down to earth restaurant. I recommend sitting out on the patio, it has a nice at home backyard feel.My girlfriend and I wanted to catch a quick bite to eat, and I talked her into going here instead of Juan's, because I figured Juan's would be too busy.  I found out why this place was so slow.
The waitress, while friendly, was largely ambivalent to our needs.  We waited half an hour for a chicken sandwich and a roast beef po-boy, and we were the only table.  After I had inquired about how long it was going to be, the waitress said it was coming right out (it wasn't) and was more interested in making out in the hallway than finding out what the delay was on our food.  When our food FINALLY arrived, the chicken was burned.  At this point, we largely regarded the place as beyond redemption.  We ate our food, asked for our check (during which time the waitress took further opportunity to chat with her friends instead of serving us), and then left.  There was no point in complaining; she clearly didn't care.
Some cooks figure they get paid the same regardless of how well they do their jobs.  And some servers figure their purpose in life is to hang out with their friends and get paid for it.  Down The Hatch has the unique experience of employing both of these types.  This is the type of place where, if you're hungry and really out of options, and have no place else to go, you go home and heat up some Ramen noodles.  The only good thing I can say about this place is that the staff was friendly, which is why they get two stars instead of one.  Atrocious.  If they're not out of business within the year, then they're clearly using it as a money-laundering operation.I'm a little torn on my ranking for Down the Hatch. I came here for a Saints game last week and was pleasantly surprised. We sat sat on the back patio and had a great time. We arrived about 20 minutes before the game and there were still plenty of tables available for our viewing pleasure. During games they have $1 PBR drafts ($5 pitchers) and that was great for me and my cheap- ass friends to drink for the 4 hrs we were there. I started with some wings and they were really tasty! We continued to order food during the game, including pretty good hummus and delicious loaded nachos. With about 2 minutes ( and lingering hope) left in the game, I ordered a burger and onion rings to go for dinner. Jumping up and down from our last minute win, I grabbed my burger and settled up. 
Yay to the fairly cheap tab, boo to the burger. I ordered it Medium Well and it came out a soggy almost rare. I threw it on my grill at home to finish it up. Word to the crispy onion rings though. Overall a mixed experience, but I'd go back for a game. Hold the burger.Really enjoyed down the hatch. We went there as an after party for a wedding. We had probably 25 people there and the staff was great. They have a great patio in back that fit us all. Their cheese fries are the best drunk food. I would definitely throw some more back here.Food wasn't that bad.  The service was really spotty.  Waitress seemed to be having a rough night with customers.  I'd come here for the beer but probably not the food.I live just down the street, so I have come many times, for food or just drinks.  The burgers are great, cooked to order, and a good helping of seasoned fries to go along with it. Bartenders are very welcoming, and the beer selection is great, (though I tend to always go for a Canebrake). Outside patio is really nice with great mood lighting and big screen TVs. I am looking forward to watching some football games out there this season. This is one of the few places you can get late night food in NOLA, and what is even better is that they deliver!Good Bloody Mary. The drink is the focus, not the condiments.
Good solid burger.  Homemade taste which is hard to come across.  They didnt toast my bun which I was very happy about and it was a great bun.  
Bartender was cool and invents a lot of drinks for the bar.  They have a pretty crazy chocolate coffee vodka drink which seemed original for a bar.  
Good place overall.The food was sub-par and the service dreadfully slow.  Most of the staff is very rude, which makes it unbearable as a casual hangout.What a shit hole. Crappy nachos, semi cold beer, customers changing the tv's to whatever they wanted to watch. Only went there because it was close to where we were staying. Take my advice and walk a little further down the road and avoid this place! Never again. Gave it one star because I couldn't give it a negative 5.....Waited 20 mins to be served then Waited an hour for our food, the order was wrong. After the order was brought out for a second time the order was still wrong on top of things the 'manager' came out and argued with us about the food. Will never go back.The veggie burgers here are out of this world, and the waitstaff and delivery staff that I've dealt with are very nice. It seems that a lot of what they make is homemade (veggie patty, dressings for the salads, etc.), and made of high quality, fresh ingredients. Kitchen service can be a bit slow, but in my opinion, it's worth the wait. Looking forward to trying the other veggie options on their menu!
Oh, one last thing ... they actually got my delivery order RIGHT. This may be the first time ever that a New Orleans establishment has done so!Fun and friendly staff. Good place for a drink and food. I would recommend the nachos and pulled pork sandwich.If I could give them 0 stars I would. I placed an order over the phone, given a total, told food would be ready in 10-15 minutes. I show up 20 minutes after my order was placed and to my amazement NO FOOD! I was asked if "someone picked it up?" When I replied, "No," he says well I don't know what happened to your order. I was given a total over the phone which meant they processed my order. I was then told I would have to wait an add'l 15-20 minutes for a new order to be completed. What a joke!  I was ordering what I considered decent food for my overnight shift. I've ordered the same thing from this place several times and EVERY SINGLE TIME I get a different price. I'm absolutely livid about the situation and I'm leaning on never returning here due to this.Time for an "update" on "DTH", a neighborhood favorite !
For the past 6 or 8 months, the kitchen has been under control, and both burgers & O-rings have been very good-to-excellent, and reliable.
We have been eating here twice-a-month lately, and felt the need to update my report.
The "basic DTH cheeseburgers with O-rings and a cold Coors Light are my favorite.
DTH now has my full "green light" now.
RickMy friend and I went to scoop some food at the bar. While we were eating the bar manager came up and said a horribly degrading remark about us eating nachos. Just because we are women, doesn't mean we cannot eat nachos like champs. Sitting at the bar eating nachos is not an invitation to speak to us about how and what a woman should eat. Next time I want nachos, I'll gladly take my money and my tits elsewhere. 
P.S They were terrible nachosGiving this place this score because ofthe service, the food is average for the priceI hate that I love this place. It is not a dive. It's not too trendy. The owners, although incredibly polite, give off a douchie vibe. 
My school has happy hour here pretty often. The patio out back is the biggest draw. It has a separate tiki bar, lots of chairs, is air conditioned and dog friendly. They usually have $1 draft PBRs. 
I love their hot wings. Burgers are always delicious and filling. Fries and nachos are pretty good. Typical bar food done just above average. 
There are a few bartenders that are always super helpful and nice. They are good at remembering faces. 
Sometimes food takes a little long to come out. All being said this is a great place to watch Saints games, especially when the weather is niceThe food is good, especially for late night fare. My biggest problem with this spot is the service. Speed of service in particular, I waited an hour for a po boy and fries on an early Saturday afternoon.I love this place!
My wife and I were regulars here before the current owner, Rene, took the reigns. We had actually stopped coming on such a regular basis because of a decline in the overall customer service, and food consistency. 
However, Rene and his team have completely altered the former mediocre complexion of this neighborhood joint. The courtyard is adorned with flat-screen televisions, an outdoor bar, plenty comfy seating, and even a nice little fountain. The menu has been changed for the better with an element of Mediterranean, which is one of my faves. And, behind the bar you'll find a better selection of beer on tap, better bartenders, and knock-your-socks-off Bloody Mary's. 
All in all, this place is definitely on the up-stroke. The experience here pre-Rene & co. versus what one will experience here now is like night and day. 
I am a fan, and would recommend the place for a great neighborhood, off-the-beaten-path experience.been there a few times cause i liked to walk my dog around there, met some of the waitresses. in a week they were all fired. no one there knows how to pour you a drink and i think the owner has a sexual harassment charge pending...which would explain the high turnover rate of employees. the music sucks and the staff is unfriendly. there are too many good places in that area to waste money there.Went here because of a groupon. Horrible service. They lost a chance of a repeat customer.This has become my weekend goto for delivery.  The Texas bacon burger with sweet potato definitely satisfies my hunger.  Their jalapeño poppers are good but would be better if stuffed with cream cheese. The artichoke dip was editable but not the greatest.  Overall I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Went there for the Saints game Sunday. Me and my girlfriend both had burgers... Amazing food and atmosphere highly recommend. Also had great service.Oyster po'boy and bleu burger delivered within the times they gave me. Both were very good. The burger was cooked to order (medium,) and the po'boy roll was fresh (I've seen some reviews with staleness, but that wasn't my experience.)$1 PBR and a surprisingly charming courtyard will keep me coming back. While the food is a bit overpriced, it's quick and tasty. The bar staff is hit or miss. I've had bartenders who are incredibly warm, and I've had some who couldn't trouble themselves to even glance at me. Overall, it's a good atmosphere. And it's almost never overcrowded.Glad to find this place as it was late and we were hungry.  I'm thankful for any late night food joint when life is too busy to stop and make dinner.
Just one bartender and was attentive and possibe.  I recommend the spinach dip, yum yum.Good place to watch games and relax outside. Their food is pretty good and the prices are fine. Mostly, I love their courtyardAmazing place! April was a doll! Food was great and $5 pitchers of beer! We hung out here probably half of our stay! Friendly patrons as well! Great back patio! Falafels, cheese quesadillas, catfish, salads, fries all fantastic! I think we bought about 6 falafels here!!! That should tell you how great they are. All homemade sauces and dressings! Yum! Thx guys!!! Highly recommend! :)best veggie burger in town! they've added a brunch menu, and the eggs florentine are amazing. I come here often, the food is consistently good. the staff is great too, and they make great drinks.My husband and I are in NOLA for the first time and stumbled across this restaurant. AMAZING food and friendly service. Our food was so fresh and so hot we had to wait a few mins to eat it! I had the cuban sandwich with fries and my husband a big burger with the onion rings (fresh made!!) Cannot say enough on the quality of food! Also, server helped direct us a safe route back to our hotel. A+ all the way around. Will definitely return!Ordered delivery to our hotel, the hubs had the Philly cheesesteak with onion rings, I ordered the Gyro nachos. Both were really good, delivery was fast and we also enjoyed the bread pudding also!This is my first time ordering from Down The Hatch. Their veggie burger was quite possibly the best veggie burger I've ever had. I've NEVER had vegetables that left me wanting more. The price was right. $10 and some change. You pay that much for a cold soggy burger and fries at most fast food joints. My son ordered the Falafel sandwich and also had rave reviews. If their other food is as delicious as these two dishes, they've gained two lifelong customers.Cool atmosphere and great drinks. But the service is almost always subpar, the burgers always come out looking like hockey pucks no matter what temperature you order them at, and the food is a bit over priced. The icing on the cake today was a homeless looking guy sitting next to me at the bar who kept harassing me while I ate, asking if he could have onion rings. Finally, he asked if he could finish the food on my plate before I was finished eating. This incident is a reflection on the poor management at Down the Hatch.I don't have a ton of experience with Down The Hatch, so I'm starting out with a 3 star rating (which, I'd say, is still pretty dang good), but I'll yelp back after a few more visits for an update or confirmation, either way.
Mostly, I've popped into Down The Hatch randomly; I have never actively TRIED to go here (though some of my favorite places are the random ones, so that doesn't say TOO much).  I like the size of the restaurant and bar, I'd call it almost cozy.  I've only ever had "bar food" here, and I'd call it typical; nothing out of this world, but tasty, nonetheless.  Drinks are reasonably priced and the staff have been good, if not a little forgettable (not that that's a bad thing).
I've never had an AWESOME time here, but I'm sure I will end up back here at some point in the near future, as it's relatively close to home.  I'm hoping maybe they'll woo me with a stellar burger or a cute bartender  ;)  a girl can dream...I will never again go to a place that uses Groupon as a way to entice business.  Obviously, there is a reason why they don't have the customer base.
We went about 12:30pm and were the only people in the place when we got there.  Ordered the quesadilla rolls, a baked potato special, and a cheeseburger with fries.
The quesadilla rolls arrived and were cold in the middle.   We sent them back, and someone who was not our waitress brought a fresh basket to the table, threw them down and turned and walked away.
The lunch entrees arrived:  a cheeseburger ...and loaded cheese fries.  Thats not what I ordered.   We sent the fries back, looking for the baked potato special.
25 minutes later, my friend was done with his lunch and my potato was nowhere to be seen.  The waitress - who was friendly, sympathetic, and also largely absent - came to deliver the bad news:  while they advertised a baked potato special, they hadn't bothered to cook any potatoes.
At this point, I was finished.  Just bring me my check, pls.  Which she did, but also brought the now finished potato to the table, I guess to show me what I was missing out on?  
WTF?!  
It wasn't enough that I had now been in the restaurant for almost 2 hours without my entree, but now they decided to rub it in?
She did mention that "the owner was sorry"...
Really?
Then where the heck WAS the owner?
Save your money, save your time, save your sanity, and go someplace else.My husband and I decided to venture out tonight for some pub grub and DTH had a Groupon so we thought why not try it out.  They have patio in the back  so we brought our dogs with us.  The waitstaff was very friendly, beers were cold and the mango habanero wings are awesome!! Fried, juicy and spicy sweet finger licking sauce. Best wings we have had since being here in New Orleans.  We were going to share a burger, but the wings and beers did the trick.  We will definitely be going to back and we can bring the dogs total bonus!! I would recommend it all the way try it out!The first time we tried to go to Down the Hatch was the night of that epic Saints Super Bowl victory parade.  Everyone from the gulf coast had descended on downtown New Orleans en masse.  The crowds were so bad, that we ended up parking in the LGD near the Half Moon bar and hoofed it all the way to the convention center to see the Saints roll by.  After the parade and many spent calories later, we made it back to the car with serious hunger pangs.  Down the street, we saw a dimly lit sign that depicted a girl holding two burgers.  I knew that was our next stop.  
The waitress greeted us with a "Hey! How's it going? Food is going to be like an hour."  On a normal night, that would not be a big deal.  However, since we were all beyond hungry, we decided not to stick around for the next hour and ended up walking to Juan's around the corner.
Anyway, a few months later, a Groupon popped into my inbox for the Hatch.  Having missed out the first time, I was anxious to give it a try.  There's nothing on tap here, its all bottled brews and a basic drink selection.  I was excited to see a house made veggie burger on the menu, so I went with that and a side of onion rings.  The rings were too thick and the batter was the heavy grainy kind not the light and flaky kind.  The veggie patty was not too shabby.  It was crispy on the outside and not too mushy, but it needed cheese which I neglected to order.  I don't like to feel deprived when I go the veggie route, but fortunately, that was not the case.    
I've heard that the service can be slow here, but I had a good experience.  However, the crowd was light when I was there, so I don't know if that's the case when it's more crowded.  
There's nothing special here, just decent bar food.  I wouldn't drive across town to get here, but if you're in the area and need to refuel, it's not a bad choice.Friendly staff. Limited staff (waitress/hostess/bar tender all rolled into 1) Good drinks.
Dogs welcomed? They're all over the place...  Seriously!!! 
My friend had a hair on her "peace maker" poor boy... My lamb burger & fries were Great!!! 
Scenery while sitting outside on the sidewalk and eating was least of all entertaining.I was very disappointed by my visit for the following reasons:
1) I sat for who knows how long w/o any service and had to approach the waitress to order.
2) Though the food was good, my Long Island tasted like coke, sprite, & iced tea.
3) When I asked for water, she told me to go to the bar and get it myself
4)The only time the waitress addressed me was when she came to ask if I was ready for the check. I stated "not yet" but 2 mins later she came back with it any way.
Needless to say, I will never return to this establishment. It's a shame because this was my first dining experience in New Orleans and it really left a bad taste in my mouth.This is a review of the food, not the bar. The bar seems fine, much like many bars seem.
The food is not really good. The price points were fine to high, and the selection is limited. Of course, what do you expect, it is a bar! I did come here for food though, and that may have been my own mistake.
Fries were kind of gross and the food was kind of flavorless. This is New Orleans, you can do MUCH  MUCH better.Spinach artichoke dip's cheese although good was solid and not melted/liquid. The catfish platter wasn't what I expected but was good as well! Good place to eat overall.I love this place. The bartenders are awesome and they deliver citywide until 2am every single day (I'm pretty sure). Their gyro and gyro nachos are absolutely amazing. And Hannah rocks cause she's from Massachusetts.Staying at a hotel in Nola and didn't want to get out with the kids. This was my first time ordering through Yelp. I don't know why the 2.5 star average, I ordered a burger medium/well with seasoned fries and a side salad. I thought the burger was cooked perfectly, was juicy and tasty with cheddar cheese, tomato, lettuce, pickles, as were the seasoned fries, and only a $2.99 delivery fee! I was craving a burger and Down the Hatch did the trick! Delivery was quick, too. Much faster than using Waitr!Good burgers, bloody marys, and drink specials! Also usually always have a groupon deal too.
Pros
Hidden courtyard with tvs and outside ac units
Amazing bloody marys!!! Trying to get them to do a bacon infused one!
Good pub especially the burgers
Great specials here
They deliver food
Cons
Need more IPA beers 
Courtyard was a lil hidden. Visited a few times before I knew about it.Here's a fun fact about me: I absolutely love Cuban sandwiches. Unfortunately, I never really know where to find them (and if they aren't pressed, then they don't count!). When I heard that Down the Hatch had a pressed Cuban on French Bread, I knew that I had to try it.
So, the thing about Down the Hatch is that it is basically a bar that serves food. But they have a full menu, plenty of seating and table service, so it's not like when you order food at some dive bar. 
Anyway, I went in and ordered my Cuban with a side salad. When it came, they accidentally brought it with onion rings, so I ended up with a side salad and an order of onion rings. First of all, the side salad was HUGE and it wasn't just a little lettuce and tomato salad. It had carrots, mushrooms and cucumbers in it. I could have seriously just eaten the salad and been fine. The Cuban was really good. There was something missing on it, maybe mustard, but that was no big deal. I only ended up eating half of it and I packed up the other half (and onion rings) as leftovers.
I would definitely go back. The waitress was really nice and was good about making sure we had enough drinks and that everything was taken care of.This place is within walking distance and is my neighborhood joint. Open late for food and has an extensive menu. The menu has changed recently though, and isn't as good as before. Last time I got the taco salad which is usually really good, and this time the taco meat was just a hamburger patty plopped on top. Hot wings are the best though. Nice, plump, juicy, and spicy. Nice courtyard though and pretty friendly staff.In all fairness, I ordered the Texan burger via UberEats at about 1am. The food showed up right on time. When I opened the container, the burger looked amazing however the fries were lacking majorly (see picture). I was pretty bummed when I only got a small handful of fries for the $20 order I placed. I will say, the burger was quite spectacular, hence the 3 star rating. I also ordered ranch and received a container of salsa and sour cream, not too sure what happened there. Overall, a great burger but if you're ordering late at night and want more than 10 fries with your order, look elsewhere.Hard to beat their cheeseburger delivery. Always arrives hot and as ordered. Good potato skins also. Simple call and order. Ahhh no apps involved.Down the Hatch is a little bar and grill just off Coliseum Square on Camp Street. I like it - though it took me almost two years to make a return trip. First time in, I was struck by the crazy little leprechaun at the entrance. They also have a handful of tv's; it may be a good spot to watch some games, but not a very popular game as it's probably too small.
While it's definitely more "bar-oriented," it has a solid menu with burgers, sandwiches, appetizers, salads, etc. Unfortunately, on my first trip, I had a bison burger, but that's no longer offered. I went with a Down the Hatch burger, which was flavored with New Orleans spices to go with pepper jack cheese. It's a nice sturdy burger sure to fill you up. Well-cooked and good bread. I also heard that the veggie burger is extra good, so that's interesting for a bar-food place. The sweet potato fries were decent also. They have a lot of good drink specials - such as $1 PBRs and cheap happy hour deals, so seems like a good spot to drop in on after work some day. As far as food, I'm going with a 33 out of 50.
The atmosphere is good too. During my latest lunch stop, they were playing a solid 80s mix. Despite being a bar, it didn't seem smoky at all (doors were wide open, but still seems like you get that residue). It was clean and comfortable. I'll give it an 18 out of 30 for atmosphere.
The service was okay; a bit challenging as they had one bartender running around handling all the tables, but it wasn't all that crowded and she did a good job with it. I'll give it a 12 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 63 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Offering audaciously poor service for mediocre burgers is not a winning business model.  That's a shame, because the location in an improving section of Magazine would portend good things for this place.No. No. And Please No. Don't Do It. 
I had what was supposed to be my dinner here yesterday. I ordered the "Who Dat Burger" after waiting 15 minutes in a near empty dining room. The Burger should be renamed "Who it A'int" because it tasted as appetizing as a worm sandwich. It was bland and grainy. Who makes bland burgers - in New Orleans of all places? At that very moment I yearned for Wendy herself to pop out from under the table and offer up a Wendy's burger and gleefully say - Now that's better!
My girlfriend had the wings. She says it wasn't bad and is actually reheating some up for lunch right now...God Bless Her.
And Eaters Beware! The Menu that is currently listed on Down the Hatch's website is no more! No more Bison Burgers! No more Lamb Burgers! No more juicy hamburger meat goodness that lured me in! Completely new menu. The waitress said it was out for about a month and they haven't had a chance to update the website with their new (more limited menu). And side note - I've passed this place time and time again as I live around the corner. For all of you who have done the same - gone is the old sign symbolizing the fighting Irish....its now been replaced with a picture of a woman with big breasts...I don't get it...but I am sure one of you do. 
I have a Groupon for this place but I am too scared to use it again on food for lack of terrible offense to my taste buds...but maybe they had a bad day? maybe? maybe? I guess I will have to find out being that I have one groupon to go - unless I decide to give to my sister and I just don't know if I hate her that much.Too bad - I used to order takeout from there occasionally.  I accessed the menu online and placed my order for pickup like usual.  When I got there, the price for a seafood platter jumped by $3.  I made them aware of the error, but they said there was nothing they could do about it.    When I said that I wouldn't pay for the increase, she was content letting me walk out of there empty handed and food gone to waste.
It's pretty bad treatment for a regular.  Lesson learned.  I can deal with rude, but not stupid.  No wonder the place was empty.Down the Hatch..
Out of the way little bar, with the colunary punch of a NOLA heavy hitter.
The Texan burger, is a not to miss taste treat..
PBR, well although I am not a hipster, they seem to enjoy the suds..
Stop in, you'll be glad you did.
It is so much more than a bar.Since I'm a tourist, I gave this place a 4. Very nice, neat atmosphere and decent food. Had a shrimp Po' boy and onion rings. All in all, I was happy that I stopped by and tried it. Check it out for yourself!This is one of my favorite spots in the city. Delicious wings, $5 pitchers, and a great patio for watching the game! Service can be slow.This is a review of the bar. 
I pass by this bar quite frequently and the sign depicting a woman holding a massive burger has always intrigued me. I've always wanted to give it a try at lunch, but eating a bar during work hours is frowned upon. Something about coming back to work hammered that employers don't approve of.
One night I was in the area and decided to scope it out. While it is a fully functional bar, it isn't so much of a bar that I couldn't eat lunch there without being judged. 
The atmosphere isn't upscale, but is several steps above a divey. The bartender was very friendly, prices were not overly expensive and their bottled beer selections were reasonably good.
I will return one day to check out their food. If Shannon likes the burger I have the feeling I will too. 
As for the bar, I liked it. i am sure I will be back. If you're in the LGD and looking for a cool, relaxed place, give Down the Hatch a try.Turkey burger is good!!! Really good menu for a late night bar, very good if you can avoid the smokers out front!We arrived in our Garden District apartment rental after 9:30 pm. Being more of a residential area, it was very difficult to find something open other than pizza or other fast food and we didn't go to NOLA for any of that. Found that Down The Hatch was open and they delivered! While we unloaded the car and before we could completely unpack, the food arrived within an acceptable time. We ordered a Cuban sandwich, shrimp poboy, and catfish "fingers". We were satisfied with our late night meal and especially happy about having something other than fast food delivered after a long drive to NOLA.Tonight I was in this bar getting food & a drink. I overheard the white female bartender ask a black couple to leave the bar to "make room for paying customers". Odd: they were paying customers, I heard them order food at that bar moments before. There was no line, the place was nearly empty, and the couple seemed normal as could be. He was wearing a nice button down shirt and she wore office attire. I was stunned, confused and appalled. 
I don't know the bartender's reasoning for what she said, but it made me, my group, and I'm sure the couple VERY uncomfortable. Regardless of her intent, it came across as wildly offensive and plainly racist. Although the bartender's poor treatment of customers may not reflect the values of the restaurant as a whole, she is still a representative and made a real impression tonight. 
Will not be visiting this establishment or eating their sub-par, overpriced hamburgers EVER again. Who goes out to see customers, nay PEOPLE be mistreated like that? What a disappointment.
**if you're looking for tasty bar food and a pleasant, non-racially charged atmosphere, I highly recommend Half Moon just a few steps down the block!I come to down the hatch about once a week. I get the veggie burger with fries  a lot. I love it. It is homemade and is just full of flavor. Veggie burgers can either be really great or pretty bad and down the hatch knows how to do it. 
The fiesta cheese quesadilla is also something i get a lot. In the quesadilla I request it be filled with more veggies and not just cheese because plain cheese is boring to me. They always deliver and it's very good. I have also tried the spinach artichoke dip which was delicious. 
They have a bison burger too which I haven't tried but its great that its even on the menu because bison burgers aren't easy to come by. 
I always sit at the bar so I can't say much for the service as far as being waited on but the bartenders are very friendly and helpful and I like them all.
Keep in mind that down the hatch is straight up bar food. If you're looking for a fancy dinner don't come here. But if youre looking for a casual, late night spot to grab great bar food, have a beer, and talk to some cool people then down the hatch is the place to be.Had a Groupon to Down the Hatch, so decided to go for dinner. All of the employees were outside when we walked up and weren't very friendly. 
Food was not worth another $20 of top of the Groupon. Greasy bar food without much flavor.$1 PBR all day.
$2 well drinks M-F 2pm-9pm.
50% off apps dine-in 10pm-2am with valid college ID.
It's short walk over from St Vincent Guest House, the hostel where I stayed at. I'll give them the 5 star because of the few bars in the area I went to this was by far the most appealing and only one I'd be back to.
Friendly and conversational staff, private outdoor area in back, tables in front street area, nicely decorated, very clean and maintained, TVs to watch the games, cheap drinks to quench your thirst. Open late.
They have an awesome menu of burgers, sandwiches, salads, bbq, and typical bar food but made better.  Their burgers are 1/2 lbs 100% Black Angus beef except for the ones that really stood out to me.  They have a turkey burger, a LAMB burger I LOVE LAMB, a BISON burger loving it, and for you VEGANS or non-vegans they have a VEGGIE burger that is according to the menu certified vegan at vegan.org, I didn't visit the site to check haha, also it's says it's the chef's favorite.  The veggie burger is a mix of 15 veggies and spices and served with sundried tomato basil pesto. Now that sounds good to me I even though I think the Five Napkin Burger is more to my liking, a 1 pound burger.  I think there's a challenge offered with the Five Napkin Burger, I don't remember the details but I might be the reason for me first walking to the doors, maybe it's if you eat it it's free!?  They have Asian Cajun Burger that has my name on it  1/2 lbs burger with blackened tomato, bacon, jalapenos, pepper jack, caramelized onions and sweet ginger soy sauce.  Their apps are also big enough to fill you.
Honestly if this place was right outside my doors I would be there every day. Soft shell crab po-boy!? Why are so far from me?I must be a glutton for punishment...
I keep going back here because it's just a couple of blocks from my house.  I WANT it to win.  I'm desperate for another place nearby to get a quick bite.  Down the Hatch is simply uninterested in taking my money.  
I certainly know better by now, but I keep thinking I can get in and out of there without a jaw-droppingly strange and goofy experience.  I really do wish that I can sum up the complete history of the antics that occur when I walk in the door, but a review is too narrow in scope.  This place needs a reality show (Bar Rescue would be perfect).
The crazy thing is that I received a groupon in my email for this place today.  That means there is someone out there paying attention.  Since none of the managers or employees care, this message is directed to the man behind the curtain:
Help...  please...  I just want a sandwich.  Can someone take my order?  Will it be ready in under an hour?  What is that loud hissing?  A stereo?  Maybe someone should play some music instead because the hissing is awkward.   There are 5 people in here on a Friday night, 2 bartenders, and nobody wants to take my money.  The guy at the end of the bar seems to be telling an interesting story that both bartenders are listening to.  How long would you wait?  
I'm completely befuddled.  Who owns this place?  Please message me.  Hello?Cool little hole in the wall. Has a nice little courtyard in the back to enjoy a drink away from the Hustle and bustle. Food is nothing special but satisfying; a good spot to get out of the heat and relax.I've only been twice and both times extremely empty. I'm ok with that because service has been great compared to most reviews on here. The veggie burger is one of the best in town and the side salad accompanying it is massive. Need to stop in more than just when I have a groupon.Went here for the first time to watch the Saints preseason game. The place has "character". I guess that's the best way to describe it. There were cats and dogs running around. The bartender was creepy, drunk, and yelled out gibberish here and there.
If I was with a crew who wanted to get some serious drinking done, I guess this would be a good place. You can probably get away with murder.
Pulled pork nachos were delicious!Done with this overpriced place. Tried it multiple times, hoping for a place with some variety. Food is inconsistent at best. Ordered a veggie wrap to go, got one filled with chicken and cold. (Discovered AFTER getting it back to the office) Same order with veggie burger, got a fried piece of pasty mush that tasted like it was fried in old grease. To look at the menu, it's not all bar food, but upon getting it, it's clearly made by someone who either hasn't worked in a kitchen or simply doesn't care. Salads are also weak. Best thing I had came out of a ketchup packet and that wasn't even brand name ketchup.I love this place. It is quite possibly my new favorite place to watch football games. They have a great back patio and are open really late. The food is also fantastic! I ordered a basket of their buffalo chicken wings (nice and hot!) they came with ranch and celery. I also ordered the potato skins which were exactly how you would imagine and want potato skins to be - nice and cheesy and served with sour cream. They have yuengling on tap and several large tvs, and fans in the patio with good shade. 
They put the Saints v. Falcons game on the other day and gave everyone free roasted turkey ("dirty birds"). It was so delicious.They had been slow roasting them all day.  I definitely over- ate while I was there. 
I had the opportunity to talk with one of the chef's girlfriend. She went over their specialty food. Apparently the Mediterranean dishes are really good and authentic, as well as, the handmade empanadas, and the cuban sandwich. Their menu is extensive but not overloaded. 
In short, I can't wait to go back for their game day specials and delicious food.There are not very many places that serve food around midnight in the Garden District so we were told to head this way last night by a bartender down the road. My boyfriend and I ordered food to go from an annoyed bartender and waited patiently. Upon returning to our Airbnb we opened our food to find that his roast beef po boy looked absolutely repulsive. He had one big bite just to see if maybe looks were deceiving. They were not. He was disgusted by the bite and ended up splitting my chicken sandwich with me. In the middle of the night, he woke with most awful food poisoning. It has now been about 7 hours now and while his symptoms have finally began to subside, we are certain that the Po boy is the culprit. I feel fine and have had no food poisoning symptoms. Err on the side of caution if you MUST order from this menu. Save yourself from illness and perhaps order a pizza instead.Fantastic chicken wings and late night delivery is great.  A bit stingy about helping customers with their deals.  Ordered a half priced appetizer (which starts at 10pm) at 9:58 and they told me I had to wait, strange.  Also came in with an unexpiring coupon and they refused to take it and were not willing to give me anything in exchange.  Also be careful, there were price discrepencies between the bill and the menu.  Thank goodnes for their chicken wings!Considering I tried the quaint place right after Mardi Gras says a lot. Of course it still had a tad bit of MG aroma in the air. Unfortunately I did not get to try the Blue Cheese Burger that everyone bragged on but the Cheese Burger was awesome. Had the Chicken sandwich as well. Onion rings and fries were so...so but the meal itself was awesome. 
The hidden gem in this place is the court yard, it is really nice. They offer an unbelievable happy hour, domestic beer 1.25. Can't wait until spring has sprung and have a nice little gathering with friends in the courtyard. 
Kandi was our waitress and she rocked. Other than the MG morning after smell, all was just fine with this place!! OH yes and the BIG plus is it's DOG friendly!!!Had the veggie burger- homemade black bean patty on a good bun (the burger was bigger than the bun, which is one of my pet peeves, but i trimmed it easily and the crisis was averted.) Came with fresh veg fixins on the side. Next time will probably get avacado and/or cheddar to accent the black bean goodness. 
 My boyfriend had the beef burger. We were both very happy. 
The fries were great, as were the thin crispy onion rings. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Had a couple $2.50 high life beers and left happy, already plotting our return.There's something decidedly strange about this place, but I can't quite put my finger on it. I've only eaten there later in the evening on weeknights, so it's always been practically empty and the service has been efficient, albeit inexperienced and a bit awkward. I really like the bleu cheese burger--honestly, it rivals Yo Mama's and doesn't require a trek to the Quarter, but also doesn't include the atmosphere. It seems like Down the Hatch is trying to be a typical NOLA hole-in-the-wall, but it isn't quite making it. However, if you're seriously hungry for some better-than-average pub grub in a part of town that doesn't offer a lot of late-night eateries, it's definitely the place to go. Portions are large and reasonably priced.I used to hang out here all the time before Katrina when it was Moonlight and it seems they have made many improvements in the space with each of the restaurants that have followed and developed into the current Down the Hatch (they just recently added an improved patio in the back).  They advertised a night time happy hour from 11pm til 2am one time when I was there but then they didn't have it when I returned so that made me a bit unhappy (along with the fact they were OUT of roast beef for the roast beef po boy).  They do have some mighty tasty burgers here and I really do enjoy eating those here.  They have bison and lamb burgers available sometimes as well.  I would like to sample the roast beef po boy but I as I mentioned before I was foiled in my attempt.  This place is usually open til 2am so it is a great late spot to grab a tasty burger or sample some of the other things on their menu.Solid place for good grub...really more like 3.5 stars. It was open on Mardi Gras so that's how I ended up there with 5 friends. Service was a little slow but I imagine it was bc it was Mardi Gras day and they didn't have a full staff. They had a few vegetarian options which is always a surprise at a bar. I got the falafel sandwich which was pretty good. Fries we good too..slightly spicy but I like that. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals and beer.Cold beers, good spirits, good staff members... good food.  $%%t, I am getting hungry and thirsty.  Great place to watch games and if you are fan of the Walking Dead, you can watch it there too.If there was a zero as a score this place would get it. Don't ever order for delivery late at night, because it can be a nightmare. The older woman answering the phone was very unpleasant, they never told me how long it would take to get my food, and the delivery driver took over an hour to bring the food which was cold....plus I had to hear his complaints about how busy they were and not enough help.
I called to cancel the order because it was taking way too long and my hungry child had fallen asleep, so I called and ask for a refund. The manager wasn't accommodating or sympathetic, she was very impatient and gave me a hard time in getting my money refunded. It was well after 1:00 am when all of this took place...just to get cold chicken tenders with cold fries. 
I will never make a mistake and order from this place again, because I have torn up the flyer and put it in the trash. 
Order from Down The Hatch at your own risk!!!!Terrible... Who does not devein shrimp? I could not get past the nasty looking shrimp (they are clearly unclean) to try the po' boy so it was a waste to order from them. While the bread pudding was warm, it tasted like two day old bread pudding. Not impressed.I have been to Down The Hatch many times and I have no complaints. 
The staff:  Always friendly and attentive ... If you're sitting outside and a game isn't on, they're more than happy to put it on for you. No snooty bartenders or servers. 
Food: GOOD! ... I've been to a lot of bars & grills and this place is in my top 5. So far, I've had the wings (delicious) ... Several burgers (all cooked to perfection. Way better than Port A Call ... but not near Yo Mama's which is fine with me) ... The tuna steak on a bun (also delicious) ... and the chicken tenders. 
Atmosphere: I could do without the music when games are on. I usually sit outside and it's lovely out there, two big TVs and lots of seating.
Drinks: Good. I don't stray from beer or Jack & Coke or shots of various brown liquor ... The bartender or server is always on time with checking up on my drink/refill status. Oh, and they have Brugal!! 
I saw in a previous review about the owner not being there odd, because he's always there. *shrugs* 
Also, for those who don't like smoking, it's smoke free inside so yay!
Also ... PBR use to be $1, I believe it's now $2.50 (not a deal breaker for me) OH and one time I went and they had on the UFC event and there was no cover. #winningWent on Black Friday to watch football games and have lunch with friends and family. 9 of us had various food- burgers, philly cheese steak, poor boy shrimp , roast beef poorboy- the fries and onion rings were great- beers not expensive- service very down to earth! Highly recommend and will definitely be back!  Recommend upgrading to the string style onion rings for $1!Nice people but the food was marginal at best.  If you are drinking yes but if you want to eat I would go someplace else.Food not bad for a bar, late kitchen hours are cool.
Kayla- server. Needs to check out a Nola server guide 101 a hospitality course or something 
super rude I can't call it on where she could be from.Too notch bar food with a great shaded back patio. Falafel is bangin, the honey mustard is off the charts, and the Texan burger can get it. Drinks stay flowing with $2 wells and $5 pitchers. The gem of the lgd.We were not supposed to be eating at this establishment. The only reason why we got here was because we were going to an event at another location and the food was taken way too long for us to stand in line. We decide to walk around to find the closest place to eat and we stumble to this Pub. Upon walking in we noticed some customer's sitting at the bar. We were the only three walking in looking for food. We decide to get two wraps and a burger. Our wait for our food took longer then it should we were the only one ordering food at the moment. Our food was great! I had the Asian Cajun Burger while my two friends got the Caesar Chicken Salad Wrap. My burger was cooked perfect medium well and has a kick to it because my burger came with blackened tomato, bacon, jalapenos, pepper jack, caramelized onions and sweet ginger soy sauce. I would definitely come back to try the wraps with my friends enjoyed it so much. We didn't get adult drinks and stuck with sodas and water. The bar seems stock up.Maybe eat in house. Had delivery before and it was bad. In house, great. I always ask for crispy fries and they were amazing. BBQ sammach has almost a full pound of meat. Easily feeds 2.
The staff...awesome. Very professional but still warm.This was the first time we had been here and will definitely be back.  The bartender and waiter were awesome.  Very friendly, patient and helpful.  We had the chicken wings as an appetizer and they were really good.  We shared the burger and philly cheesesteak sandwiches....yum!  The atmosphere was very inviting as well.  Looking forward to returning soon.DTH has (another) new cook, better fried foods.
The Po-boy bread seems always stale.
Beer is cold.  Waitress is nice.
I say to stick with the cheesburgers n beer for now.
Will update as this place develops................
We have changed from "weekly" here to "monthly".We frequent here often and pretty much get the same things all the time. The last few times we've been my wife's orders have been completely messed up. The kitchen can be so inconsistent at times with what the menu says. If we order our fries to be crispy, sometimes we have to send it back because they're soggy or cold. My wife has ordered the Chicken Sandwich a few times and only eats it plain and fried crispy. Somehow it comes out grilled with everything on it. Order is put in right but comes out wrong? Makes no since. Then to top it off, the cook says they never do it fried! WHAT!!! Well after my wife demanded to have her food done like she always does it came out right, but the onion rings didn't come out when she asked for them so once she was served they were cold and soggy. 
We like coming to get lunch from here but they must fix the issue with the kitchen or lose some customers.I was going to come here for a nice, quiet lunch.  All the construction and congestion nearby kinda put me off.  Was going to give them a try anyway until a customer(?) outside was being very loud and belligerent.  Keep in mind that it's noon on a Minday, people.  While I was waiting to be seated, I began to realize that the drunk/crazy person right outside was actually an employee.  And this is where I exit stage left.  Get your stuff together, people!Have watched many many sporting events at Down the Hatch.  Boxing?  UFC?  Baseball?  Check.  The outdoor patio (complete with tiki style bar) is large enough to accommodate groups of beer guzzlers and sports enthusiasts enjoying different events.  Love the happy hour - $2 PBRs, and love the owners who are around often.  The food is traditional bar fare - wraps, wings, burgers with a Cajun flare.  There are Mediterranean choices as well - hummus, shawarmas etc.  the menu is extensive.  Nice neighborhood bar that we've enjoyed many times.Food was ok but it took forever to get it!! Arrived at 9:45 pm and ordered immediately. Received appetizers at 10:30. Pulled pork nachos. Not difficult to make but super slow. Received food at 11:15. SUPER SUPER SUPER SLOW.We visit Down the Hatch every year we travel to New Orleans. This visit alone we ate here 3 times! We love the alligator sausage po boy's! Its something about the bread and delicious sausage! We stumbled upon happy hour and the drinks were really great for 2 bucks! We will be back next year . Great food and service for 3 years 4 trips to the big easy!Visited this establishment bc I had a Groupon. Service was slow but the server seemed to have bar responsibility and about five tables. Ordered a burger w onion rings. It took forever  to be delivered and it was cold so I sent it back. It came back and it was obviously microwaved including the lettuce and the onion rings had been placed back into the fryer so they were disgusting. Now that was unacceptable!!! My husband never got his sweet potato fries redone as requested so he couldn't eat his burger. We ended up leaving. Never again.What an amazing home town local bar!  We stumbled on this while at the Garden District last week on vacation from Arizona. The atmosphere, staff, and food were amazing!  Everything from their own Bloody Mary mix, alligator Po-Boy, sweet potato fries and spinach artichoke dip was delicious!  The staff was professional, friendly and fun!  This is a must stop if you're a local or just passing through.The food is about what you'd expect from a bar, no complaints there. The issue tonight is with the service. I can understand being busy but to have an attitude because you're in the weeds is not acceptable.Love the food at Down the Hatch.  The Cuban sandwich is great and they have a mean shrimp poboy as well.  Delivery service is quick!  Don't pass this great little spot up.A great little neighborhood bar, perfect for quick drinks and a bite to eat. We visited this bar on Sunday on a whim, and we were pleasantly surprised. The tables in their back patio were space far enough for social distancing, which I appreciated. They also had large big screen TV's throughout, playing various football games. The bartender even offered to change the station to the game of our choice which was quite thoughtful. 
The food was also a pleasant delight! I ordered their Buffalo wings, and I could not stop eating. My companion ordered a cheeseburger, and it was larger than expected and very delicious. We did not order drinks after a weekend full of alcohol in the French quarter, but I'm certain if we had they would've been reasonably priced and strong (as any drink should be). 
One star off for the fact that they allow smoking inside the establishment. It would be nice to have a smoking/non-smoking section. A guy briefly sat next to us while smoking, and as 2 non-smokers, it's not the most ideal situation while eating lunch.Dive bar with a killer kitchen. Seriously. Their burgers are amazing. I definitely don't recommend if you're trying to be healthy but if you want some good, greasy, yumminess, look no further. Plus they have a good happy hour.Down the hatch never disappoints. I usually order the chicken parm sandwich, but decided to get the veggie burger on a whim. Fantastic. The food is always seasoned well. The gyro plate is another fave.
The menu is very diverse. If you have a party of indecisive pallets, this is the place to go. Varying options from mozzarella sticks to poboys. 
The service is great and consistent as well.Wow, strolled in this place and man this was delicious! I hade the cuban with fries and it was amazing. Two friends had cheeseburgers and loved them, huge portions. Other two had grilled chicken salads and one with the chicken shawarma. Favorite on the side on the table was the pita and tzatziki sauce!!! Bartender Khaled was super attentive and we were at a table! I'm a foodie and I'd come back again!!Down the hatch has always been a staple of mine.
Came here with the guys to get something to eat before the night started up. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich which was pretty damn tasty! I am talking your southern fried chicken burger with cheddar cheese. Add some mayo with it and it is prob the best bar fried chicken sandwich in the city. I really enjoyed it. Had some cheese sticks to go with it with a couple of brews and it was the meal of the century that night! 
Go try this place, it may seem a little bit hidden, but the food is well worth the space.After an initial year of missteps, DTH had stabilized to become our immediate neighborhood's best "Burgers & Beer " place.  We are here 2 or 3 times/month, for the past several years. 
I waited an entire day to write this review, as I didn't want to act out of anger. 
Last night, the place was a mess.  Very busy, and only one barmaid/waitress for the entire front area.
One of the employees had tied-off an extremely vicious Pit Bull just outside the entry door.  I didn't see this animal, but surely did hear it.  Others in my party did see it and described it.
This dog loudly threatened everyone coming in or out.  Ruined our meal.  We really don't mind the "normal" dogs coming in and out
Both of our orders were messed-up.  Wasn't the waitress's fault.
Mr. Garcia, PLEASE ! ! !   Do something !
RickYou know what happens when you've been drinking craft beer and Old Fashions (thanks Barrel Proof) for 8 hours without eating anything more than a bag of Zapps? You look at your SO at 11pm because you're good and drunk and say we need food, close, burgers, fried things, STAT. Luckily we  were with a gaggle of natives who pointed us in the direction of Down the Hatch, a short Uber ride away, kitchen open late, and more beer. If you've never been to New Orleans or South Louisiana, really, go and you'll understand why there's nothing to do after drinking beer all day than to drink more beer. 
Anyway, I digress. This place was divey but well lit, great draft beer selection with a ton of local options, and a KILLER burger menu. Even though I was starving and would have eaten anything, it took a while for me to choose because everything looked amazing. We ordered wings to start, buffalo, and it was exactly what we were looking for all day instead of noodles that every brewery food truck was serving that day (WTF right?). The texture was good - crispy exterior and juicy chicken, not too hot, and delicious celery and ranch/blue cheese to go with. For burgers I got the DTH namesake burger and my boo thang got the Texan Burger. He scarfed his down, I had half left of mine for the next morning. It was juicy, perfect medium meat, and had a fantastic beef flavor. Sturdy bun with a little toast, dressed simply to let the meat talk to ya. Loved it. And the next morning, loved it again. With leftover onion rings and ranch. Even with the chilled hotel refrigerator cooking method, it was delicious. 
Honestly, I'd love to go back here a little earlier and a little less hangry/full of beers and try their Gyro Nachos and another burger, just for you know, research and general enjoyment.The food tasted good going down, but it did not sit well at all. Stomach cramps within an hour of eating! Be careful ordering DoorDash from here during quarantine times. I think some of their food is not holding up well.2$ PBR pints and 5$ pitchers all day everyday. What else could you ask for? 
I've had a few of their burgers, all been solid. Nice, seasoned fries too.Genuinely one of the best places to eat in NOLA. Never had a bad meal here. The chicken sandwich is amazing, the burgers are amazing, and cheese fries are BOMB! Prices are super good IMO. I always get around 2-3 meals out of my food, portions are huge. So glad you're open late and for covid, hopefully taking proper precautions!One of the worst place we've ever order from. We got delivery from DoorDash spent $70 0.7 miles from our house food was a disappointment, and the burger was the worst tasted like a dirty wet metal grill that hasn't been cleaned. Spinach and artichoke looks it's been sitting out the whole day. All the food went straight to the trash.I ordered the spinach dip and the hot wings. The worst decision of my life. My wings were so small, dry and the hot wing sauce was on it but you can tell they were old. I asked for ranch dipping sauce I never received it. The spinach dip was worse. All the cheese was on top layered over the spinach and when I dipped my chip all the cheese came up and I was just let with spinach. I would never eat here again. The food was horrible and a waste of money.Food was awful! Cheesesteak was so greasy and my salad tasted dirty. Would not recommend.The food was amazing! I dash with door dash and had an order from them for a client one evening and it smelled amazing! I decided to try them and they are now at the top of the burger list. I got the Asian Cajun burger which was the perfect spicy and sweet fusion. My boyfriend got the down the hatch burger and he loved it! The spinach and artichoke dip was delicious and the hells kitchen wings with Buffalo sauce were fiya! Did I mention, sweet potato waffle fries?! Im excited to explore the menu. It was worth every penny!In town on vacation.  This place was suggested by the hotel staff. The food was great!  Caitlin and Dawn were amazing.  I would definitely suggest giving it a try.A genuinely perplexing burger bar type place.  My wife and I have been here twice for lunch.  The first time was on a recommendation, and the second time was to give it another chance.  I think that's probably enough.
The menu is large and nonetheless unimaginative and boring.
If I had to describe the service in one word, it would be "inattentive."  One time, the single visible employee in the entire front-of-house sat down at a table to chat with friends for about fifteen minutes.  My water got refilled maybe once.  No matter how I ask that my burger be cooked, I swear they spin a little dial and it consistently lands on "well done."  Ditto the fries, which were gross and overcooked.
At lunchtime - even on a weekend - the place was deserted and sad.  I don't know if everything drastically improves for dinner service or what, but, to be candid, I'm not interested.
Two stars because Happy Gilmore happened to be on the television over the bar during our first visit, and that's got to count for something.I came out of this bar rather upset. After I ordered a salad, they served it to me without avocados. I asked them about it and they rudely told me 'oh yea, we ran out. Sorry.'  If you run out of one of the main ingredients in any item, I would like to know beforehand so I can adjust my order accordingly.
Such a shame, too, because the patio was nice and the drinks were cheap.LAID-BACK, uptown-cool sports bar.
CLIQUISH preoccupied staff.
KINDA PRICEY: about 25% higher than expected.
When I first visited Down the Hatch I thought I had found a new local haunt in the LGD.  I lived in the neighborhood during the 1980s when murders at the abutting St Thomas housing project were a weekly reality.  So it was refreshing to find a funky sports bar with an interesting menu and large dining space.  But  the last few times I've been back it seems to have lost its Mojo.  It's almost as if management has checked-out and left the restaurant to decay like the nearby Cat Practice mural.  What really irritates me is that as it has gotten worse, the staff have become more cliquish. The food is also about 25% higher than Smashburger or Three Legged Dog and with smaller portions.  
BETTER NEARBY OPTIONS: 
District Donuts & Sliders, Café Roma, Juan's Flying Burrito, Stein's, Please-U, pickled eggs at Jewel's...Great bar food. Nice atmosphere. Kind people. I've used their delivery service (grubhub) before also. Always great.Yikes. The food just isn't very good at all. I haven't been to the physical location, but ordered delivery a couple of nights ago when pressed for time around dinner. The mozzarella sticks are fine (hard to really mess that one up), but the catfish platter had an odd taste to it that's hard to describe, and the fish itself was super dry and overcooked. The side of fries were totally soggy. Also got the gyro nachos to save for the next night, but they were kinda gross honestly. The menu indicates melted "cheddar and mozzarella cheese," but you end up getting cheap-tasting cheese sauce like you'd find in a jar on sale at Wal-Mart or something. It was an awful flavor that clashed with the rest of the nachos -- although the gyro meat itself was pretty good and well-cooked. Overall not worth revisiting, as I see other reviewers have had very hit/miss experiences.FIRST of all...our food runner/bartender was not wearing a mask and was running food out!! Not okay at all!!! Second our food was average..below average honestly!....not very pleased with everything...the bar itself is a nice space and the back area is nice if you don't want to get covid :)Was visiting New Orleans for Mardi Gras and stumbled upon this gem on a quiet Thursday! Had cold beer pitchers, the loaded nachos and lamb was so amazing! Omg ! the rice was a little old and over cooked on the dish but never the less, the over all experience was great!This place is the best hole in the wall I found in the LGD! They have a huge variety of food and their courtyard is unmatched.We came upon Down the Hatch by accident, as apparently numerous restaurants in Nola are closed on Wednesday but haven't updated their sites, etc. WE WERE DESPERATE. 
Turned out amazingly well, and now I have to say I'll be coming back without any doubt - karma was on our side! 
The bartender was running the whole place pretty much by herself, and I can say without hesitation that she was one of the most amazing professionals I have ever seen in action. She took every drink and food order by memory, didn't lose a thing, juggled about a million things at once, and was pleasant as hell even when it got busy. I did not catch her name, but she's the best kind of person to run a place, and deserves massive credit. 
Then - there's the food. Look, this is NOT a place I would expect to find a damn shawarma on the menu. But there it was. Shawarma. I'm gambling. Hell, we're all gambling, we're starving. So we ordered the chicken shawarma, a gyro plate, a gyro sandwich, and the beef shawarma. And it was ALL AMAZING. I see that their wings are apparently great, too, so we'll try them next time, but right now I am heartily endorsing the SHAWARMA PEOPLE. Gyros are solid, too. 
Cheap drinks! Awesome staff! And righteous shawarma! DO IT.So me and 4 of my coworkers ordered from here. The food was decent but because we were all paying separate they charged EACH one of us $3 for delivery! I think that is just RIDICULOUS! Why do we all have to pay the delivery fee for you to go to the same place? If we order from there again we will all just order at different times so they have to drive there 5 different times. We bundled our order to save on delivery fees and to keep the driver from having to come to the same place several times.Loved them more when they had the $1.00 PBR's all the time.  Now it's just for happy hourPretty alright service. Alright music. 
"Happy but not thrilled" - South Carolina, alligator sausage 
"I wanted my first po boy to be better but it was just alright. I expected better" - New Yorker, shrimp 
"The workeschier sauce was incredible. The German sausage spot with the dank fries?? Get the fries. Get the roast beef - pretty delicious. It's a good sandwich, at the end of the day." -  A Nigerian man, roast beefI guess my visits to Down the Hatch are anomalies? I really enjoyed the laid-back lunch vibe the first time we came for food so we came back with my wife's godparents to celebrate a religious holiday. Both meals went well. 
The menu (and kitchen staff) seem to be constantly revolving, which is fine if a little annoying because the menu on the website is never up to date. If a vegetarian is trying to decide whether a restaurant is worth a trip out, having a menu on the website that's, you know, the one the kitchen is currently using is a really important factor. Ditto for delivery orders. 
Anyway. The table-service is more of that slow Southern service, with server-slash-bartenders that cruise by when they feel like it. I'm fairly certain that a diner on a slow night could call out to the server-slash-bartender to ask for a refill or more ketchup or whatever with no offense created. Our first visit included some impromptu jazz singing from the server-slash-bartender and really good veg*n fare. The second visit was for Sunday lunch, and I felt like I was eating on a friend's front porch. I suppose the advice here is to budget your time and allow for a long, flowing meal. Bring good company. 
I'd like to come back and eat more of the delicious things, including the veggie burger that's not terrible. (It's no Cowbell burger, but it was a nice sort of different.) Based on other reviews, I think I'll stick to eating in. 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the main dining area. Tables on sidewalk are available but weather may be an issue. Dining area is loud. No braille menu or signage.Down the Hatch is a decent place, but they could definitely be better. It's a nice atmosphere for a pub, and if you want decent pub food, it's a fairly good option. I do have a few issues to point out. We ordered food to go, and they don't disclose online nor when they're taking your order over the phone that there is a $0.50 surcharge for EACH item you order. Ridiculous and unethical in my opinion...this should be fully disclosed to customers. I ordered my wings extra crispy...they came extra gummy...didn't finish them. The menu indicates the wings come with ranch, but I asked for blue cheese instead of ranch...was charged $0.75 for the blue cheese. Ordered bacon for my husband's burger...charged $1.00, but we got no bacon.  He did say his burger was tasty despite the missing bacon. My turkey burger was very dry and very bland. Overall, I wasn't impressed and won't be returning anytime soon...if at all.Perfect sports bar. Excellent turkey burgers. All of the bars it is really quite good and surprisingly the salads. My friend had the fries with his burger of course I stole a few they were delicious. I ordered the salad side salad for my turkey burger and guess what? It was really good. All fresh and tasty tomatoes which is always a niceSurprise. I also really liked the blue cheese dressing. They get busy and seems like maybe were a little understaffed. But the ambience is nice there's a great back patio very reasonably price.Some friends popped over to Down The Hatch on Labor Day. While many businesses were closed, Down the Hatch was serving up drinks and food, kudos to them! 
I'd heard that they had good Bloodies, and I dare say I agree if you like it real spicy, which I do! I did have to tap out and drink some water, lots of it, so be warned. I ordered the Asian Cajun Burger* with sweet potato fries that are a +$1. The burger took a little longer than expected, but we were definitely enjoying our friend's company in the front window seat and it was a holiday, so totally understandable. 
The burger was really good. While the sweet ginger soy sauce didn't really stand out, the burger was cooked well, and the flavors melded perfectly. It wasn't too spicy despite the jalapenos, but maybe my tasty spicy Bloody had numbed my spicy receptors. I was finished the burger before I started so it had to have been good. I wished I had gotten regular fries instead since I wasn't really feeling their sweet potato fries, but I'll know this for next time. I hear they have a great patio for Saints games so I hope to hit them back up again! 
*Asian Cajun Burger: Blackened tomato, bacon, jalapenos, pepper jack, caramelized onions and sweet ginger soy sauceIf I could give this place zero stars I would. Awful service. During happy hour, the one bartender (who took forever to take my order) did not even know the happy hour drinks and I had to tell him to go outside and look at the damn sign after he keep saying he did not know about it. A few minutes later when my friend order the $2 happy hour beer, he tried to charge her the regular price. The female bartender just stood there the whole time doing nothing except trying to look good. AND the place was not even busy. The food was mediocre at best. Worst veggie burger I ever had, but the fries were good. Don't understand the service industry workers, I mean if you rely on tips, you would think they would at least try to do the best.  This will be a place I will never go back to based on that experience. If you like crappy service, then have a field day there.