Just are here, got gator nuggets a beer and the catfish lunch special. The nuggets were alright I was happy at first. Unfortunately that's about the most positive part of my experience.   I'll start with the catfish, it was literally inedible. It tasted like someone left the fish out for the night and rolled it in bleach. I had one bite and now my stomach hurts. Why drago whyyyy. Finally, I asked the prices of their beer and was told they were between $4-6 dollars. I asked how much a bud light costs and was told that it was the cheapest beer. To my surprise the beer cost $6 and when I questioned my server about it she told me that since she had not directly said the beer was $4 dollars that I had to pay for it and nothing could be done. When we pointed out that she had tipped herself 20% instead of the 18% my beer became free! Anyways dragos had the worst fried catfish id ever eaten and shady servers that will take advantage of you if they can. Would not come back.
P.s oghgg my stomach still hurtsMama Ruth's Gumbo was not hot by the time I got it, watery-thin consistency, small portions. This is my second visit and I was sorely let down this time . The staff are friendly, BUT Go somewhere else if you want good food + dining experience.I've heard a LOT of complaints about the service, but they were great to me.
The chargrilled Oysters were yummy like everyone said, but I was not as excited about the chargrilled lobster.  They charred my lobster to the point of rubber-esque type quality.  Tip...if you ask for the lobster, tell them to give you the chargrilled oyster sauce.  That stuff is delicious and better than the fake, unsalted butter oil they give you with the lobster.This restaurant was highly recommended by our hotel bartender for charbroiled oysters.  We order two dozen immediately.  
We noticed they kept trying to serve our order to another table, then were taken back to the counter, while we watched other servers take them to their tables.  Once we notified our server, we finally received them.  They were pretty good, but Acme Oyster House is much better.  
The service was total chaos.  There were seven of us in our party.  Some of us ordered salad as an appetizer and then gumbo as a meal or visa versa.  Well that got all mixed up when we were served.  I was getting my salad that I asked for as a meal as an appetizer where the same person who order it as an appetizer, did not receive it at all.  
Then when we tried to explain the situation to one of the servers, it went into more chaosis.  One or two people would get their main dishes while the others had to wait.  Then another two meals would finally be served whilst the rest still had to wait.  As I said, it was total chaos.  
My Blue Cheese Wedge salad was served with Bacon Bits out of the jar, not real bacon.  It was disgusting.  No one at our table was really that thrilled with their dishes.  More like disappointed.
The manager served us several desserts, which were really good, to make up for the confusion.  He really didn't seem to think it was their fault, though.  I've been in the food industry for many years, and it was their fault.  
I would not recommend this place for anything but the charbroiled oysters and maybe desserts.  You can still get better from Acme Oyster House.It was okay but also disappointed. The grilled oysters were good but other food was so-so. The ladies at the hostess stand were busy talking and not paying attention while I stood there waiting to be seated. When they were finished talking, they were ready to seat me.
But Tiffany the waitress was Great!Drago's charbroiled oysters never disappoint. Friendly staff. The spinach dip was great too. No complaints whatsoever. I will definitely be back when I'm in NOLA.The reviews about the service were absolutely true. It's terrible. It took 20 minutes to get our oysters another 30 minutes after eating the oyster to get our food. We had to ask for the side salads because we were starving I don't think we would've ever received if we didn't ask. The food was actually pretty great. We had oysters and stuffed redfish it's sad that it was almost overshadowed by the service. 
The server has only 3 tables, one was about 7 people.Stopped thru for lunch. The service was great and the food was just as good. Had the crispy calamari and gumbo. Yummy. Last full day in NOLA. I would definitely give them a try again should I venture back this way.Just because it is unbearably crowded, don't make the mistake and think the food must be good.
The charbroiled oysters are tasty but way too salty.  All of the entrees were mediocre at best - tuna was cold and not charbroiled, crab-stuffed redfish - I've had better frozen fish from Trader Joe's (grocery store).
The noise level - borderline obscene.  With all of the good food in NOLA, I highly suggest going elsewhere.While I love traveling and trying new places, I also love new experiences right here at home. Drago's never disappoints with their lobsters. 
I was a little bit underwhelmed by the oysters but my dad is a commercial fisher man so I've had the best and freshest oysters right in my backyard.
The lobster though. It's one of my favorite places to get lobster in New Orleans. It is always cooked to perfection. This particular dish was with oysters which were fat and juicy even though it was in the middle of the summer. The sauce did make it tough to eat the lobster beneath though, but I'm just not into messiness.
Bottom line: I definitely recommend trying the oysters at least once and for sure getting the lobster because yum!The charbroiled oysters are AWESOME here!
I usually go to Drago's other location which I like better for the ambience (this one looks like a drab hotel restuarant) but the oysters are just as good here. Service is ok. Worth it if you can't get out to Metairie.Outstanding seafood place, we were at New Orleans for five days and we eat at Drago for five days, super oysters raw and charbroil. Highly recommendedWe went to Dragos when I was pregnant & it was food heaven. I had a craving for the charbroiled oysters (Note because they are charbroiled pregnant ladies can have them, just not raw seafood). While on our trip we went here twice & here's a tip just get your own dang order of a dozen & make sure to use your bread to soak up all the good juices on the plate! Yes, you're welcome!Our hotel recommended Drago's for seafood and it did not disappoint. The charred oysters were phenomenal. We thought they were actually better than Deanie's, which is a high bar. I had the Shrimp Boudin which was excellent. Julianna had the shrimp and grits. Justin was our waiter and he made the experience memorable and took great care of us. You could tell he really enjoyed his job.I expected fabulousness & was left a little let down honestly.   Charbroiled oysters were good,  although one order was burnt & tasted that way through & through.   The bread was awesome to do in the juice though! 
My water went dry too often without being refilled even after our waiter would come & deliver something he wouldn't ever come to refill glasses unless asked. 
I had the spring salad which was drowned in dressing,  so it was rich.   My husband ate the boudain stuffed shrimp & it was good.  I would go back,  but may not expect as much.Oysters charbroiled were good, tad small; black fish was wonderful; waitress was fun and helpful.This is a great place to eat, you have to try the Charbroiled Oysters! Every time I come for business trip I come here to eat, food is delicious and has great quality. Just watch for holidays or big events on the city, because they will be on a smaller menu and won't feel as comfortable your dinning, I don't know why they do that, but definitely, I will return here every time.charbroiled #oysters & stuffed maine #lobster 4 a well deserved #BOSSbrunch but the lobster was overcooked 2 the consistency of chewing gum?!? being a self proclaimed #aficionado of seafood this was an epic fail!!! dare I say I've had better lobster from #redlobster & trader joes!!! #foodie #foodGASM #foodPORN #instaFOOD #drinkGASM #eatPRAYloveJOURNEY2015 #essenceFEST2015 #partyWITHaPURPOSE2015 #creole4theWEEKEND #mayGEMINIs #favorAINTfair #blessedANDhighlyFAVORED #dontWASTEyourPRETTY #dragoSEAFOODneworleansGreat food, a little pricey for the char broiled oysters but well worth it. Great service, and great atmosphere.Food was garbage and manager was pathetic, did not handle the fact that the food was not cooked properly and kept sending the waitress to do his Job., was the first and last time don't eat here you have been warned only gave a star because I couldn't postWas so excited to eat at Drago's. We had been told it was a local favorite by a close friend who moved away many years ago. The food and atmosphere was very disappointing. Our food set under the heat lamp far toolong and the place was much to big to execute the meals well. Felt more like a chain than a local favorite. Service was very good but definitely over priced.Worst $78 ever spent on a meal. We came here for the chargrilled oysters, which I had on a previous trip and absolutely loved, however I can't say they were great this time. The oysters were tiny! Also, my husband had to send his filet back because the steak was cooked well, instead of medium. Also, I'm pretty sure they just threw the steak on the grill with no seasoning.Avoid the bar unless you plan on eating there. The bartenders basically ignored us because we were waiting for a table, they didn't bother to ask if we wanted a drink while we waited (which was the purpose of sitting there). Once our table was ready, they sat us in the front most portion of the restaurant which felt like a loud cafeteria. I was not impressed. Our waiter was friendly but basically brought us our food and left. I had to ask for bread for our table while waiters were walking around handing them out to other tables. The food. Well, I am from the Northeast so I expect a lot of my lobster. They sold this as Maine lobster so I gave it a try. I am pretty sure this was just a large crawfish because it was the smallest lobster I have ever seen. I am pretty sure it should have been thrown back in for a few more years to grow. Hubby got the Shrimp and Grits which was so-so. There are too many good restaurants with good food and service in New Orleans. Go somewhere else.So I sat at the oyster bar and watched Mike and Greg knock out thousands of BBQ oysters that were truly epic!  If you haven't had oysters before, this is definitely the place. 
I had the stuffed Gulf Prawns with Boudin sausage and was amazing.We had some wonderful oysters, both raw and charbroiled- some of the biggest I have ever seen, and some pretty killer bread pudding.  The service as very attentive and quick for a place this size.The chargrilled oyster was pretty good. First time having oysters so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I'm not an expert. An expert or someone who loves oysters would probably say they're delicious. It was a little salty too me. I was very disappointed with the lobster Marco. No seasoning whatsoever. Very bland for $30.Sitting in Dragos 2 hours (with kids) on a Sunday night waiting for food. I don't care how good the oysters are, (and they are awesome), but a two hour delay is ridiculous.
Then the entrees came out at different times, some dishes cold. 
Disappointing night.So I really want one star away because the ambiance is not the best. We were sat in the main dining room and it felt like a cafeteria. It was crowded and dirty green carpets. So we moved to the bar where they were making the oyster! After that......what an amazing experience. 
I hate oysters! That texture gets me every time! Then I was watching them put so much care and work into the chargrilled oysters and I had to try my husbands. AMAZING!  I made him order 6 more! By the time dinner came, I'm sad to say but I was full! So when my lobster came...you better believe I ate it but I was so full. 
One of the chefs was so nice and gave my husband a raw one because we were sooooo impressed with how big the oysters were. There is nothing like this in Southern California. 
GO here!!!! Sit at the bar where they make the amazing oystersFrom the alligator bites to the grilled oysters and the twin filets, a very good meal, and a great time had by all.Oh. My. Goodness. The charbroiled oysters were the best oysters I've ever had. I assume that the oysters were so delicious because of the butter sauce. The waiter was super nice and even brought more baguette slices for dipping in the butter.
Yes, these will live up to the hype. I already miss you, oysters.It was yummy...but the service was not fabulous, and the food came slower than running molasses in January!!!  If you're stuck in the Hilton for a conference and can't get out to go somewhere far for lunch because you don't have time...STILL GO ACROSS THE STREET TO SUBWAY...THERE IS NOTHING FAST OR EVEN OF MODERATE SPEED ABOUT THIS PLACE!!!My husband and I have eaten at Drago's many times. It has never failed to be delicious. We always order the fabulous charbroiled oysters! We also decided to order the gumbo when our waitress told us it was half price (maybe it was a special or it may have been because we were eating so late that night...9 p.m. ) The gumbo was so delicious. I always order gumbo when I go to seafood restaurants, because it's my favorite. It was dark, rich and seasoned perfectly. I will definitely order it again. I had grilled shrimp and eggplant stack which was a HUGE portion. It was good. My husband had red beans and rice. He liked it. I plan to skip the entree in the future and go with the oysters and gumbo!Food was overpriced for the quality that was brought to us. Honestly regret getting oysters here after having Acme Oyster House (it's pretty good by the way) the day before.
Came with a party of nine, told there was an automatic 18% grat, which was fine. But our shady waitress (LISA), tried to pass off a 20% tip as 18%. What??? Also our friend asked what was the cheapest beer and was told it was bud light, but when the check came she up charged him for it. When asked about it she was defensive and said she thought it was the cheapest and wasn't sure. It's bud light not some exotic import that only a few would order per night, how could you not know.In the past ate here & was awesome. Came in from out of town & couldn't wait to eat here. Went for lunch & was anxiously awaiting the chargrilled oysters. They were very small, did I say "small?" Ummmm yeah, how about tiny?!? Crabmeat au gratin was all cheese. Where's the seafood Drago's?!? Big disappointment:-( worst meal for the exorbitant price in a while. Service stunk too. Won't ever go back. Will never recommend again like I have in the past. Not ever :-(Color me unimpressed.
Atmosphere pretty terrible. We got jammed in a table between two other couples with bench seating.
Service wasn't great. Entree was supposed to be crawfish ravioli... since they're out of season, they told me shrimp was the replacer. Ok. After waiting forever, my ravioli was hard and pretty unappetizing.. couldn't tell whether they were way overcoocked or just sitting under a heat lamp forever.
Avoid. Much better seafood very close.The only reason this place gets 3 Stars is because the Charbroiled oysters are 5 STARS across the board. I went tonight (the Saturday before Shrove Tuesday). Sat myself at the bar.. which was disgusting ... FILTHY! The bartender wiped the counter with a baby wipe to clean it, which is cool. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters. No one checked on us to refill our waters, ask if we wanted a drink, or to order a meal. With 3 bartenders behind the bar, I expected better service. Like I said, if you're going for the oysters it's GREAT! 
Everything else on the menu (which was a shortened condensed version of the one online) did not look too appeasing.If you want your water to be refilled, this is the place to come. I was so disappointed on my last day here. It took over an hour to be served the main course. To add insult to injury, my charbroiled lobster had not once but twice sent back because of someone's hair on it as well as it being cold. They comped only the lobster. The servers are incompetent and two of them seem to think it's ok to say " yo homie" while passing the food over the wall separating the floor over my girlfriend's friend. God forbid if the food had spilled on her. I was so disgusted that I would not recommend this establishment to anyone. To add insult to injury, they forgot to give me a pen to pay for the bill.
From my girlfriend:  My family and I were looking forward to having dinner on our final night in NOLA at your establishment. To put it simply, the service was poor (bordering on ghetto), the food was sent back for having hair on two different plates. 2 of 4 of our dishes came out cold, and while apologies and removal of the "hairy" dishes from our bill helped, we felt the need to contact you directly.I should have listened to the driver from our car service coming from the airport. You go here for the Char-grilled oysters and then go elsewhere. They are decadent and flavorful, pairing well with an Abita Amber and the crusty bread that accompanies the oysters.  The chicken we ordered for our son was like shoe leather, the lobster Mac and Cheese and gator bites  were nothing special. The seafood gumbo had potential, but it was hardly warm. The service was friendly but disjointed. 
Grab some oysters and bail, it's a short walk to Mothers or the Palace for some other NOLA favorites.I had a great dining experience at Drago's. I ordered the Lobster meal and it was rich and succulent!  You should try it sometime. I don't mind paying the bill whatsoever.Went there today... other than the charboiled oysters nothing else was great. We had the alligator tacos which was ok... the chicken and sausage gumbo had no seasoning. The crab dip was ok and the alligator bites the batter lacked seasoning and over killed the flavor of the alligator.Wonderful service, charred oysters and shrimp&grits were fantastic. Lobster mac&cheese was awesome. Wine selection is good as well.Can't tell you how disappointed we were to find they had changed their menu.  We loved their Crescent City Shrimp and it is no longer offered.  Our server offered us the substitute, but it just didn't do the trickA lot of people write bad reviews here probably came during busy hours. I have eaten here twice and have avoided those rush dinner hours. It's in the center of the tourism area and it's connected to the Hilton. What do you expect? 
This place is no different from it's Metairie location. We always get the charbroil oysters and I always order the lobster with angel hair pasta and oysters. All times were never disappointing. I stopped going to the Metairie location because of the staff but the staff here are nice and work pretty fast.We love Dragos so much that it is our first stop after we unpack our bags. Unfortunately on Jan. 13 evening, we were served burned oysters. The clams were black and shriveled to the size of escargot. There was no garlic butter left in the oyster shells. It was poured in the center of the platter. The Parmesan cheese was black and the texture was like burnt breadcrumbs. We did not send them back because our waitress was too busy with a party of twenty conventioneers. Inedible charbroiled oysters. The French bread was hard too. I will only order raw oysters now.We have 2 dozen raw oysters and fish stuffed with crab special sorry dude spinach risotto a side of the lobster mac and cheese and the Cajun prawns everything tasted very good indeed! That being said their service is lacking. Most of the evening groups of 6 or 7 servers were huddled serving station talking. Our server was abrupt and unprofessional, unable to put our order together. Others around us we're not getting much better service. It was too bad because it is a lovely place and the food very good but the servers were poor and slow.We had a great experience at Drago's for lunch today. Our server, Jerry, was incredibly attentive and did a wonderful job. As previous reviews said, the charbroiled oysters are really something else (5/5). Definitely get these! We came because our hotel front desk told us the shrimp and grits are some of the best, and they are (4.5/5). 
I would give service a solid 5/5. Jerry went above and beyond to ensure we had a pleasant experience. My boyfriend had ordered the lunch special, which, for some reason, changed 3 times in the course of our meal. In the end, my boyfriend just asked to take it off our ticket because we were actually getting pretty full (the charbroiled oysters and the shrimp and grits were very filling!). Not only did Jerry take care of everything smoothly, but he apologized for the inconvenience at the end of our meal and offered us a small dessert to make up for it. In fact, I wanted to write this review to express my appreciation for his service during our meal. 
Anyway, great food, great service. We enjoyed our lunch!Great venue for large groups!   We worked with Christina who was very helpful as we reserved a table of 31!   The restaurant was large enough that basically had the whole back of the restaurant to ourselves.   The service was great and efficient.    Typically when a large table like this orders the food dribbles out slowly, but the kitchen staff got it all out super fast!   Kudos to them.   Everyone I talked to enjoyed their meal.This is definitely a good seafood restaurant to visit if you are around the riverside. ITs gets very busy tho so it might be a while.Drago's - the food took 45 min after we ordered to be brought out, but it was very busy evening.  I had the the Fish of the Day: Blackened Red Fish.  The fish was
a "B", baked potato ok, and side-salad poor quality.  So the food get's about a 3.5/5.
The service get's a 2.5/5 for being ridiculously slow even though busy.  The value was awful.  With tip and with water, the bill came to $28.00, at least $12.00 too expensive imo.This place is incredible! The Oysters are to die for! We use to go to Acme, not anymore! Second time here in two days! This time we sat at the Oyster bar, never sit in a table again! Very entertaining! Our server Laura was incredible also, very attentive and refilled my drink like 4 times! Great place!Service reminds me of the A&G cafeteria. Rushed at first, then non-existent.  Char-broiled were OK,  a little over cooked for my taste. Salads came with a little plastic single serving thingy for the dressing.  Butter in plastic single serve containers.  At least they had cloth napkins.
The pasta and oysters was just OK.  A little overcooked.  Overall, the place should do much better than this for the price.We were here for dinner on Wed (06/25/14). As other reviewers have mentioned, the charbroiled oysters here are good and you can skip the fresh raw oysters (we tasted much better ones pretty much elsewhere). The shrimp pasta florentine we had was not bad too, but not sure about the other food selections though. Service was acceptable and ambience was okay. But I would suggest going elsewhere to get a better food/dining experience and more value for money.Yes. Just do this. I'm not gonna get fluffy but many a broken oyster cherry has been over a dozen chargrilledExcellent service!  The oysters are awesome. One of my favorite New Orleans restaurants.The charbroiled oysters are hands down amazing. Worth every penny. However the meals were not to
Hot. I had the seafood pasta, my boyfriend had the "fresh" lobster and the fresh lobster was not fresh, pasta sauce was good, but noddles over cooked.  Service was not good at all. We saw our waitress a whole 3 times. 
I gave three starts only because the OYSTERS were amazing. I will go back for only OYSTERS.I've been to Drago's twice and they were both a pretty good experiences.  The restaurant is much larger than it appears as the main dining area is around the corner from the bar at the main entrance.  There is even another larger bar area back there.
My 1st trip to Drago's was with a large group for a company dinner.  Everyone said that Drago's is famous for its charbroiled oysters so of course we had a few dozen.  They were very good, the best I had at the time.  I had the "Big lobster" which was just a simple steamed/boiled lobster.  When I saw that they had lobster on the menu I did not need to look at anything else, only needed to decide the size of the lobster that I wanted.  It was pretty good, but the one thing I was not expecting was for it to be cracked for me in certain spots, so a lot of the juices were drained!  =(  That's one of my favorite things about lobster.  I'm just used to having lobster at home, so I'm used to doing all the work myself.  It was still good, I was just wasn't expecting that.
For my next visit I had the lobster pasta.  It was pretty good, nothing really to rave about.
Overall Drago's is a solid place, but it does hedge to the pricey side on my price/performance ratio.  It's also in the Hilton so I kind of think that since they get business customers for free that they really don't have to try hard since they're getting easy business from the hotel.  After eating here twice, I probably will not be coming back as I have other favorites around town.This was by far the worst meal we had in New Orleans. The famous Charbroiled oysters were just ok. The lobster was over cooked and the petite "filet" was overlooked and basically a sirloin. So disappointing. Save your money as it is extremely pricey.Super long wait for food to go or to get a table and other customers were getting upset and rude which made it uncomfortable for us. While actual food was fine, the wait kind of ruined the whole experience especially as the food was basically cold by the time we could eat it. We did like the charbroiled oysters and it was filling but couldn't get the full New Orleans experience at this one. Maybe it would have been better to go here on a less busy day but seems like it's constantly busy. We came at 3 PM so it wasn't even a mealtime.This place was so delicious! The food was so yummy! We ordered the shrimp and grits, and the seafood pasta, which were both incredible choices and worth every bite! My only complaint was the service, and we arrived around 9pm and the hostess acted as though they were closing and told us we could only eat at the bar. However, we had a very lovely bartender who made sure we had a wonderful experience! Food is delicious! You should check it out!I'm gonna write this review as the night goes by because as I'm sitting here I've been sitting here with my family for 15 minutes after being sat at a 4 top after telling them we needed a table for 5. Then waited for someone to even tell us to hold on and they'll be right back with us in 2 minutes but we are still waiting. 5 minutes in ...They brought us our drinks but tell me why they got it in tiny little glasses when everyone else here got normal size glasses [ill be sure to add the photos]... iced tea has NO ICE... half the staff is just standing around looking clueless and not even a care in the world to help anyone. Oysters were good and that's it. Wouldn't come here for anything else.If I could give zero stars I would have. Worst service I have ever experienced in New Orleans. And even when the server stuffed up, no apology blame the kitchen instead. The problem is that Drago has an open kitchen so we could see what was going on. The server clearly forgot to order our starters. 
When the mains arrived before the starters and then again with the starters, third time they brought them to us they had dried out under the heat lamps. Where are their high standards?
Nothing classy about the decor. The sports bar in the Hilton looked better. 
I admit the charbroiled oysters were good but my Boudin stuffed Shrimp was way too salty and not spicy as described. The lobster after 3 trips to our table and spending an extended period of time under the heat lamp was tough, dried out and inedible. 
The manager avoided us until I called her over. Offered free dessert. Too little too late. At least she had the decency to remove the mains from the check. 
The server she was rude to the end. Cleared the table by stacking the plates up in front of us and then asked if we would like our leftovers boxed! Incredible bad experience. Avoid Drago's.First off - the charbroiled oysters that other yelpers are reviewing - they aren't joking - they are amazing!  There are others in town but these are by far the best!!!
I was in town recently and had a large group for a business dinner.  They were able to accommodate perfectly!   Note - they will not seat you until your entire party is present!
The menu is local flare - only a couple of steak options but the rest is seafood, gumbo (which was spicy and good), and salads, etc.
Casual atmosphere so need to dress up!
Recommended for anyone visiting and needing some local comfort food!This is real New Orleans food! OMG you will NOT find a better charbroiled oyster on the face of the earth, I can personally guarantee that. The lobster is amazing, heck, everything is amazing!I do not eat much seafood, including oysters, so maybe I'm not the perfect person to represent a review for those who go for this type of food. But, for the friends of those others, listen up! This place feels like a Hometown Buffet with it's minimal decor and tons of basic wooden table and chair seating. You have a million and one waiters running around, yet service is relatively slow. Yet, the prices are $15+ for an entree. I'd give the ambiance a 2; then again, this is a restaurant in a hotel, albeit a Hilton. 
As for the food... My oyster-lovin' friends ordered some of the half-shell (raw) and the charbroiled oysters. The raw ones came out dirty and translucent. They tried a few, realizing the oysters tasted fine but left grit in their mouths. They waited for the waitress and she took them back. We got a second round quickly; they were much cleaner, although the table was still amply dirty from the first round (from melting dirty ice), which I would have thought the waitress should have cleaned since we had no extra napkins (only linen ones on our lap). The second round was cleaner, but still translucent; they gave them a 3-star rating for flavor. 
The charbroiled ones came out after. They said they reminded them of steak, giving them a 4-star rating. I tried one, and aside from the gross texture, it looked better than the raw gremlin-fetus ones and had a decent flavor. Smoky, cheesy, though a bit salty. 
I ordered the blackened chicken over linguini with alfredo sauce. The chicken was actually pretty darn good, perhaps a 3.5, though the linguini was overcooked and the alfredo reminiscent of something out of a can. Reheating the leftovers the next day, however, it tasted much better. Somehow the chicken didn't get dry in the microwave, but the pasta dried up and tasted a bit more authentic and less like children's food. 
Either way, considering the slow service (though hospitable waitress for us, apologizing for the error of the cook), the bad first attempt at both the raw oysters and my meal, and the pricing and ambiance, I would likely not return and give it an overall 2-star rating.Regardless if you like oysters or not you have to try the char broiled oysters. They are to die for. Service was top notch.Service was horrible. I can't emphasize that enough. I waited 20 min before someone even approached me. I was literally leaning on the bar by myself so it wasn't like I was far away. The place wasn't bourbon street packed, plenty of fun times between the bartenders and the other customers. When they finally got to me, she said, 'we're actually closed.' I looked at the clock, 10:06 pm (they close at 10pm). She took my order anyways as if she was doing me a favor and made sure I knew that. If I had been taken care of within 15 of arriving at the bar, we wouldn't be having this discussion. I'm staying at the hotel. I won't come down here again. I could give a 1 star but the food was decent. Not enough to get a 3 but still frustrated by the service. Even a 'I'll be with you in a minute,' would've sufficed but ignoring me with the hope that I just leave (that's exactly how it felt) is just wrong. SMHMy hubby fell in love with oysters here.  He won't eat them anywhere else. He always gets a dozen charbroiled oysters.  I still haven't wrapped my mind around trying the oysters, but they smell fabulous.  One day I promise I will.  :)   However, I enjoy the bbq shrimp, and the shrimp fondue is always a winner. Although, I don't care for the "bagged" salad that comes with the meal.  All in all, it is worth the experience....Especially, for those who love oysters.  It is a seafood lovers dream.Drago's was good, but if you're on tight time schedule and want to hit a lot of the NOLA restaurants, I wouldn't waste one of my precious meal slots here.  The food here is delicious, don't get me wrong, but it's nothing uniquely Louisianan.  
We had the raw and charboiled oysters.  They were HUGE, but not cleaned well.  So when you ate them you got a lot of debris in your mouth as well.  The oyster shooters were also missing cocktail sauce.  So oyster plus only vodka?  umm gross.
For the main course, I had their stuff lobster: "A 1 1/4 lb. whole Maine
lobster filled with a fresh crabmeat and shrimp dressing and topped with crabmeat au gratin."  Definitely came with a lot of lobster meat.  Very good and decently priced under $30 if I remember correctly.My husband always eats here when he comes in for business, and wanted me experience all that he loves about this place. He ordered the charbroiled oysters, which he loved, but my catfish po boy was not good at all. It was mostly tough bread with some lettuce and pickles. I opened the sandwich so I could get the fish, and it was the thinnest fish I have ever seen. All I could taste was breading. I've had better po boys off a food truck or at a fish fry in someone's driveway. 
My husband will continue to get his oysters and lobster Mac and cheese here when he comes for business, but just without me. 
Staff was kind, polite, and helpful.OMG! Their Char-Grilled Oysters were orgasmic!
Drago's boasts having the Original Char-Grilled Oysters. Kudos for such an inventive dish! So delicious and large and buttery and cheesy and smokey! The bread was fresh and perfectly crusty and they serve just enough to sop up the wonderful juices left behind. 
This is my "must-eat" pick for New Orleans! Kudos Drago's!Was in New Orleans for a weekend and came here both days for the chargrilled oysters. I cant really speak for any of the other food but the chargrilled oysters were some of the best food i have ever eaten. The place is nice, service was good, and prices are reasonable.Today three of us visited Drago's for Sunday lunch, and the experience went from bad to good. The server didn't ask if we wanted drinks and when I could finally summon her to put in a drink order, she suggested a less expensive vodka, instead of what I ordered. Not to sound pompous, but I don't need her to monitor my spending and that's exactly how she came off. I can afford to drink and eat the things I want. Then the appetizer looked unappealing - it was calamari that looked like it had been cooked the day before and then dipped at least twice more than necessary today. We finally got our entrees and the plates were cold. (I had char-broiled oysters so they were hot obviously). But when we sent back the cold food, the server never came back with a replacement plate and when she finally did return, she asked if we wanted something else to eat. But to add insult to injury, when we spoke to the manager, we voiced our concerns and he said that her service was usually good and that he was "sticking up for [server's name]." Those were his precise words. He does not understand - and we told him this - that he totally invalidated our concerns. He doesn't get it. He was essentially saying to us, "You are the customer and you are wrong."Visit Date: 03.09.2011
BEST CHARBROILED OYSTERS EVER! These things were huge, drenching in that buttery sauce. If you can only order one dish, you order the charbroiled oysters. And worse yet, if you don't like seafood, you shouldn't be here... even the supposed vegetarian red beans & rice dish that my friend ordered on Ash Wednesday contained an oyster wrapped in bacon lol.
I also had the fried oyster po' boy sandwich as my lunch item (oysters served as an appetizer amongst my party), which was served with my choice of sides, being fries. The 8" po' boy consisted of a nice, crisp French bread, had lots of fried oysters, and was very tasty.
Since I was also staying at the Hilton hotel near the French Quarter during my visit, this place was a rather convenient, albeit fancier, location to dine at.Disappointing!  The food was only average and the service was lacking. If you are looking for great oysters, take the advice of other reviewers and go to Acme. Skip this place.  It's not worth it.The best oysters, ever. We quit sharing the charbroiled oysters after our first visit! Very well priced, fast and attentive servers!I had family staying at the Hilton Riverside and they were tired from traveling and interested in a meal close by. When we arrived and put our name down with the hostess and she informed me that it would be just a moment, they are setting up the table now and then proceeded to hand me a pager.  I was surprised when we received a pager when we were initially told that it would be just a minute while they set up the table however, I understood that because it was getting close to 7pm, the bar might fill quickly and she would be unable to locate our group. 
We proceed to sit in the bar and decide to order a drink while we wait. The bartenders were busy with diners and drinkers alike and after waiting to be given even the slightest bit of notice, the bartender looks up and rather than greeting us merely looks my way and says "yes?" All of the cocktails ordered were discarded immediately or sent back because they were either too strong or made incorrectly.
It has now been 20 minutes so I decided to go back and check in with the host stand and she tells me once again that they are just setting up the table right now it will only be another minute. Might have not been as frustrated with this IF we had received good service in the bar area....
Once we are seated, the dining room was loud, which was expected. One of my guests ordered a half dozen oysters, but were brought a dozen. Another ordered a Tom Collins and we received a Planter Punch. The crab cake was smothered in sauce that was thrown all over the plate and just looked sloppy. This describes essentially our entire experience....SLOPPY. 
I was extremely disappointed especially because it was my family's first impression while visiting.We stopped here because everyone raves about their chargrilled oysters and they were delicious!!! However, I wish that we had stopped there. We also had the lobster mac and cheese, which was pretty delicious. For entrees my wife got the lobster and pasta and I got the boudin stuffed shrimp. The lobster came out with a super fishy taste because it hadn't been cleaned well and the boudin was so spicy I couldn't even finish it. This place has very reasonable prices and has a huge seating area, and I would recommend that you just get the oysters and lobster mac and cheese and you will leave thrilled with your dinner.Best. Char-broiled. Oysters. Hands down. The bar service was great, and the rest of the food was good, but oh, those oysters! We even went back for another helping before we left town!We were a table of 4. We had an obviously new server. She couldn't answer any of our menu questions and constantly had to leave and come back with answers. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters to start. Those tasted great and were hot. Our entrees came out at room temperature. Not one item we ordered was warm so it wasn't one dish or side that held up the order. The server asked if we wanted to see a manager and we said we didn't we just wanted them to know that the food was cold. One member of our party went to the restroom and ran into our server. He then asked to see a manager. The manager came to the table and apologized. He offered us something to go or a dessert. At this point, we were ready to leave and forget this horrible experience. He did not discount our bill or offer to refund any of the uneaten meals (fried food is horrible cold). This Drago's in located inside a hotel and in very close proximity of the Riverwalk. That must be the reason this place is still open. Either tourists do not know better or so much volume is done that offering good food and good service does not matter.I don't understand the low rating on this place. Delicious, affordable seafood and really friendly service!Average food , rude server , got the wrong bill with no apologies and did not ask one time how are we doing or refilled water... Although we are staying at the hilton but would go some where else dine5 stars for the charbroiled oysters! Other dishes (we ordered the lobster mac and cheese to start then the shrimp and grits) were pretty good as well but the oysters are an absolute must have.  Next time I would probably just order oysters - charbroiled then raw or vice versa.  The price is very reasonable (in NY it's at least $2/oyster) and each oyster is huge! 
Service was also very good, especially given that it was lunch hour on the day of a Saints game. Our server was attentive, friendly and sweet!It was recommended by a friend....great choice.  The food was excellent, the waitress could have been better but overall a good time. You have to get the char broiled oysters LAAWD they were sooo good.Loved the grilled oysters, also tried their alligator nuggets but those were so so. Felt that the breading could have used more flavoring and volume. The staff was amazing and even surprised us with a complementary treat at the end. Thanks for a wonderful experience.OMG the beauty of Dragos!  By far, one of my favorite places when visiting NOLA.  Be prepared for long lines but that is typically a good sign right?  If possible, try to snag a seat at the oyster bar.  These guys are machines and pump out oysters like no bodies business!  No seriously... like by the case!  There's also some great dinner conversation with them as they've seen it all! 
What's good to eat here?  Honestly, I've only eaten the raw and char-grilled oysters (their specialty dish).  These pearl-producing beauties are covered in cheese and a butter sauce and char-grilled right before your eyes.  The oysters are AMAZING!!!  *i'm hungry now just thinking about them*Worst meal I've ever had. Served me tuna tartare on a hot plate with no toast points or anything. Looked like cat food. Poor presentation. The charbroiled oysters are second rate and the service is awful. Our server didn't know anything about the menu nor did she know the various spirits available. The food runner was condescending to me when I tried to help him with distribute the dishes to the correct people at our table. Will never go back. Like eating in a cafeteria.Me and my husband went here last night for the first time. Parking was easy to find. We parked in the hilton garage for $12.00. They were packed for a Sunday night. The wait was about an hour. They texted when our table was ready. Our waitor was okay. Not the most attnetive but good. We started with crab dip which was good but we could barely enjoy it because the bread that comes with it had so much butter and was extremley hard. My husband ate it with a fork minus the bread after. My husband orderes half a dozen oysters. He loved them! For our entrees my husband got the stuffed catch of the day which was drum fish stuffed with crab and a side of corn. He loved it! I had the lobster mac and cheese and the cup of corn and shrimp bisque. I wish I had gotten a bowl. They were both so good! Overall it was a pleasent experience. We left full. There was so much variety on the menu that we may be there a second time soon! Hopefully next time we can make it to desert.That's the best charbroiled oysters that you will ever eat. Everytime I am in NOLA being in this restaurant is a MUSTWow, this is a rare time for me when the average rating sold a restaurant short, at least to me. Usually, I find that restaurants have been overrated and end up grumpily disappointed. 
I picked this place for convenience, despite the reviews, and was blown away. You have to try the Mediterranean fish! Moist, full of flavor, and ample portioned, it was a fond reminder of my recent trip to Greece. Sprinkle the provided lemon on the potatoes, and you'll get more of that authentic Greek flavor. 
I'm so glad I was lazy! I would rate my experience as 5/5, but I found the dish rather pricey for what it was. In Athens, for the same deliciousness, I would have paid about $10.Over the past week I've tried 3 restaurants char grilled oysters -- none compare to dragos.   I don't really care for oysters any other way but these are incredible.
I've had other items here such as the shrimp and grits (a little to spicy for me) but I recommend sticking with the oysters at least as your appetizer.Only ordered the charbroiled oysters and they definitely lived up to the hype! Garlic, butter, and breadcrumbs with a little squeeze of lemon YUM!!!! I'm literally drooling just thinking about this meal.There was a roach on one of the seats at our table haha NO biggie though. I guess it happens. I love the hotel restaurant vibe. Kevin Hart was actually sitting behind us the whole time and we had no idea!
Lobster marco- Not as good as i remember.  Super bland. It looks instagram worthy though haha 
Oysters: Always a hit and miss. When it is a hit.. the flavor is probably my favorite in New Orleans.The chargrilled oysters are amazing here. I also had the shrimp and corn bisque which was delicious. I was not a fan of the lobster mac n' cheese though. It's made with cheddar and I found no trace of lobster, I'll pass on that the next time.  Overall, great atmosphere.Food was great. (Creme Brûlée too expensive for the portion) Service and people's attitude just sucked.  Everyone seemed to be like a zombie working there. No joy. Not friendly. When we were first being seated and asked if this table was ok, I asked if we could sit somewhere the lighting was better.  The table section was too dark.  She seemed to get pissed off by it and made this big deal that we asked to be in better lighting. The waitress was so-so on friendliness.  She never cleared our salad plates from our table. Ever. Other workers were not friendly and looked pissed off too. We were trying to finish up our meal when another worker was sweeping the floor into a standing dust pan.  Every time she swept toward it there was a large bang.  Needless to say, "bang.......bang......bang......bang....annoying. We won't ever eat here again. Despite the good the employees sucked the joy out of our visit.This place has been referred to me several times, decided to try out their famous charbroiled oysters....so good!!!!! 
All dishes and drinks have great flavor and the staff and location setup is huge and perfect!This is our first time to New Orleans and are staying at the Hilton. We heard great things about Drago's and decided to try it. The food was decent but definitely not worth the price. The service was also decent, but not extraordinary. The big let down for me was finding oyster shell pieces in my pasta dish.Normally I don't eat oysters. In fact oysters kind of disgust me. I had Drago's charbroiled oysters and became a HUGE fan. I even looked up the recipe to recreate it for my family back in california. They were also HUGE fans and asked me for the recipe. SO need I say more? Just go get a dozen and become a food fattie and gorge.Best charbroiled oysters! OMG... thought I died and went to heaven. Also, the Pomegranate Punch was bomb. Chad, our bartender, was awesome. I will definitely go back when I am in New Orleans. 2 thumbs up!!The chargrilled Oysters have to be one of the simplest yet greatest things on planet earth! I will be visiting daily if possible on my next trip to NOLA!
Send me swag ;) Ill wear it in a music video ;)The oysters were too small..... It's busy over here  the food is ok.... I had the catfish .... I need to move onCharboiled oysters. Just get that. No need to get anything else there. Everything else is kind of meh there. The gumbo, shrimp and grits, are all kind of meh. 
Back to the oysters, you stick with that and you'll have an amazing time. They are very buttery, hot, garlicy and so unique. Usually I have raw oysters and wasn't sure what to expect here. Way exceeded my expectations.
Come in here, make a reservation, and just eat the oysters. This will make your experience great. You can just eat the oysters that they sell outside and you will get the same quality tbh. It's nice sitting down inside, but if you just want to try some charboiled oysters you can eat just eat the ones outside.The first time I came here, the service was pretty slow and my dish came out well before everyone else's. The charbroiled oysters were super delicious! Everyone else liked their dishes for the most part. Overall speed of experience was pretty slow. Not sure if the serving staff was running short. He was pretty nice. 
Second time I came to eat however, I had placed a to-go order with the to go host. I ordered their alligator bites and waited 40 minutes until I finally pulled someone aside and asked for them to check on the food! Told me it was never made. Didn't even think to go grab the manager until I suggested it. Manager wasn't able to give a refund for whatever reason but gave me a free entree with the bites. Finally left with the food around an hour of waiting. Now granted it was a busy night with the convention going on but I was given an estimate of 20 minutes max on an appetizer....I was surprised the to go host didn't try to figure out where my food was as I continued to stand there for almost an hour. I used to serve so I found it really subpar and unprofessional. It made me miss my event so I was heated. Overall, I would avoid this place and go somewhere else for the food that they serve. It's not hard to find oysters in the French quarter....like acme oyster houseThe menu at Drago's claims that the charbroiled oysters are the best bite of food one can find in NOLA.  Well, after eating my way through much of New Orleans, I wholeheartedly agree.  I've never had oysters before because they always looked slimy and gross in my opinion, but these were amazing.  The garlic, butter, lemon & charbroiled flavors were really a culinary masterpiece!  
The dinner I had at Drago's was delicious as well.  I had shrimp ettufee (sp?) and it was great.  My husband had crawfish ravioli that he raved about.
I would highly recommend Drago's to anyone visiting NOLA.  These oysters are a must!I love coming to visit the city of New Orleans for the worldly inspired cuisine, alone! I am NOT a fan of eating seafood, but a few friends had recommended this restaurant and the charbroiled oysters. I was reluctant but I decided to give them a try. The half order was just under $12 and it was very reasonable, especially after trying them! 
I ordered the twin fillets as my meal and the oysters as an appetizer. My boyfriend also ordered the twin fillets, which came with green onion sprinkled red potatoes and fresh veggies. We both ordered the fillets medium well, and mine came just right while his came a little more pink (thus the 4 stars).
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly and recommended many things on the menu. Overall, Drago's was worth the experience and price, as it is a bit pricey! They do NOT take reservations, but get their between 5-7 or 9-10 as they do get busy mostly on the weekends though. I will add this to my places to return on future NOLA trips!Food is fantastic, and the Char-broiled oysters are ridiculous. Unfortunately it is in a high-rise hotel. I'm not sure why I would go there again while there are so many other options with comparable food AND atmosphere.
The restaurant validates all parking (valet too) for $5I went to Drago's because it's in the hotel I'm staying at. I tried the red fish. I had the corn bisque first. The corn bisque was amazing! I could have had more, it was so delicious. I've never had baked Red Fish with Cajun seasonings. It was light and tasty. The bread was a bit hard. The side was collard greens which weren't too bad. I had never had collard greens before, so I have nothing to compare them to. I tried one of their fried clams which were very greasy but it tasted very good. I was too full to have dessert. I highly recommend the Red Fish.This low review is based on a blatant overcharge to my american express.  This was not a cheap meal to begin with, but they charged me an additional $9.03 on my card.  This was a work expense so I had to turn in the receipt, so I did verify the amount written and I can't even chalk it up to poor handwriting.  I say if the carbon copy is perfectly legible then there is no excuse.  This makes me sad, because I really enjoyed the meal.BEST CHARBROILED OYSTERS AROUND!!!  
You can eat an entire meal out of just the charbroiled oysters!  
And their lobsters are first rate!  
Great atmosphere combined w/ really good service.  Definitely a good place to try when in town.If you want to try charbroiled oysters or raw oysters this is the place for it. Although there are several other restaurants that specialize in charbroiled oysters, Dragos is the largest. Other dishes on the menu include charbroiled lobsters , grilled fish and Po'boys. But our tradition is to go in for the oysters and their perfectly flavored bloody mary.Drago's was very busy when we visited and it may explain the poor service. We had a reservation and were shown to our table and given 1 menu for 3 people. I flagged down a support person and waited 5 minutes for a menu. Then another 5 minutes and our server, Geneva, appeared and took our drink orders. I ordered water with lemon to start. Then I ordered some sparkling wine. Drinks took about 10 minutes and no lemon. Ok, I was going to let it go but my husband reminded her and she said she would bring some lemons. More on that later.
Also, we were dining with a special needs person who doesn't have teeth and I told our server that. I was told that the lobster mac and cheese is pre-made with the lobster and I couldn't just order mac and cheese for the same price. So I ordered it and picked out the lobster pieces which was fine but the worst part is that they crisp the top and edges so they are hard and he couldn't eat most of it. She could have requested it non-crispy. They also messed up his sundae. It normally comes with a brownie on the bottom so I ordered it as just ice cream, chocolate sauce and whipped cream.It arrived as ice cream with a bunch of whipped cream on top, a small drizzle of chocolate with some crunchy cookie bits. By the time I fished out the cookie bits, the chocolate sauce was gone. She did offer to comp that.
My husband had the Tuna Aioli appetizer and really enjoyed it. He also has the Tuna Entree and that was very good as well.
I had the Catch of the Day which was Redfish stuffed with crab stuffing. The Redfish itself was excellent as was the accompanying sauce. But the stuffing had very little crab and wasn't very good. 
Oh - I received my lemon after the entree was served. My water was only refilled when I asked and sat empty a lot. I was also never asked if I wanted another cocktail.
We split a bread pudding that was excellent. It had a nice balance of bread, raisins and praline flavored sauce.
The highlight was the man who sweep vacs the floor. He was on the ball.Lobster pasta with mushrooms and shrimp. Yummyyyyy!!!  Ambience could be better but I'd come back over and over for that pasta. Light and tasty without too crazy of a price tag.The best oysters and crab dip! Loved it and will be back for sure. Big shout out to our waiter Justin. He was great!!!You have to have the chargrilled oyster, they are to die for! Might as well order a dozen because you will want more. The only negative about them was the French bread that comes with it. It was hard as a rock! The service was lacking and the entrees were mediocre so I was disappointed in that. I had the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend had the seafood pasta. They keep the tail on the shrimp so you have to pick them up out of the sauce to take the tails off which was very annoying. It's also got a little kick to it. I tried a bite of my boyfriend's pasta and I've had better at Red Lobster. We did come back another day to get alligator bites and those were pretty good but I wasn't the biggest fan of the dipping sauce.Before my trip to NOLA, being a self proclaimed true Yelper/Foodie, I think I got Yelp banned at work for a couple of days. That being said, EVERYONE and their moms recommended Drago's for the charbroiled oysters...so Drago's was super high up on my list of restaurants we HAFTA go to.
We came to Drago's for afternoon snack because we had Muffalettas for lunch and dinner ressies. First, we ordered a dozen of charbroiled oysters. OH EM GEE. To reiterate what everyone else has already said - they are freakin' heaven in your mouth. So good, we ordered  1/2 a dozen more (my friend wanted  1/2 dozen raw oysters). No offense to raw oysters, but I wish we just ordered another dozen of the charbroiled.
Valerie G. and I are planning a trip to NOLA for Mardi Gras next year...and you bet I'm making everyone go to Drago's and getting a dozen of these babies myself.Come here for the Charbroiled Oysters, a few beers and then go somewhere else for dinner.  The charbroiled oysters were really good, but the rest of the menu is what you would expect for a "hotel" restaurant or a chain.  Steaks, lobster, etc. but not really authentic NOLA food.  
Service was slow, but attentive.  Bang for the buck, go somewhere else in the quarter for dinner after charbroiled oysters and a beer here.Servers great. Good food but not worth the price. Took quite a while to get food. Luke warm & out of many items.The lady working at  the hotel where I am staying. It was the best suggestion yet! I had the  charbroiled oysters, crab salad and spinach risotto. They were all tasty as hell.lets talk about the charboiled oysters that I have yet to find in Miami! They were what the hype was all about. Perfectly charred accompanied with French bread and lemon. The SAMLL crab salad was more like a meal. Good portioned crab salad with romaine lettuce that was dress lightly with what tasted like a cream dressing. The spinach risotto came in a small cup that at this point in the meal was the perfect portion. Seasoned perfectly for me.  Located on the first floor of the Hilton Hotel it was a little walk across the street from the River walk Shops. The waiter was attentive and not overbearing. I cant remember his name but he was a nice guy. My husband being vegan had the eggplant Romano that was equally delishes as my dish. He too had the spinach risotto and thought it was more like spinach with rice rather than risotto cause of the consistency.
I had white wine and the hubs had a wonderfully refreshing bloody Mary, that I can a sure you was to die for!during my last visit in New Orleans, my friends and I went to Drago's for lunch before heading to the airport.  They were famous for their oysters.  I don't like oysters, but went with the group.  I had a fried catfish po-boy!  3 little pieces on a pretty big piece of bread, very disappointing and quite bland.  The fries were some of the worst fries I've ever had.   Ever heard of re-fried fries?  These would have been it.  Stale.   The guys who had ordered the oysters said they were really good, but I can't speak on that, so I'll take their word.  The service was really good, however.The chargrilled oysters are delicious. Probably the best I've had. A little overpriced but I'd definitely go back.The best fucking charbroiled oysters you will ever eat in New Orleans better yet in the world ! Lol sorry I had toLet me give a disclaimer that the charbroiled oysters are incredible and would get 6 stars from me. 
However....
Everything else is a giant meh. Pasta is okay. The friend seafood plate is not good considering all of the competition in this city for that dish. They don't season the catfish as they consider it "fresh enough to not need seasoning". DISAGREE! Catfish is a bottom feeder that tastes terrible without some seasoning before going into the deep frier. 
Go here for a snack or to warm up a night with some oysters but hit up somewhere else for the main entree. Don't waste your time or money here aside from Oysters.All the depressing ambiance and sub-par food of Red Lobster without the Cheddar Bay Biscuits. 
I'm going to preface this with 2 things. 
1. I'm a San Francisco Bay Area foodie. 
2. I'd been eating fried food for 3 days. 
That said, I still don't understand the ratings for this restaurant. 
Do yourself a favor and order a dozen charbroiled oysters and a lemonade and eat your real meal elsewhere.
The oysters were very good (because they were drowning in butter and spices and salt). But I could do just as good in my backyard.
The bartender was nice but there's no beer on tap. 
The wait was 45 minutes on a Sunday night.
Now on to the dinner.
I had one of the 4 stuffed lobster options. There was no bread at the table. The dinner salad was absolutely drowning in dressing. It was a sad pathetic little thing, gasping for breath: the iceberg wilted, the cucumber dried out, and the lowly tomato probably made of Styrofoam. My lobster hadn't been cleaned properly and was very overcooked. The plate came with the nutcracker slid down and into in sea of butter. The lobster was stuffed with limp mushy lukewarm pasta in a heavy cream sauce (billed as "light" in the menu) and about 3 rubbery oysters and 6 shriveled little mushrooms. 
My dinner companion had the duck. It was very undercooked. The fat hadn't been rendered nor was it crisped. His pasta was even more creamy than mine, basically just a congealed butter, and again overcooked. 
The whole experience was an utterly disappointing and totally overpriced. I wouldn't suggest anyone go here, except for the oysters.Food was terrific and our waiter was excellent! My aunts (4 in the 60s) were in from California and 1 of them was unable to make it to dinner because she became ill. I asked the waiter if there was a place close by where I could pick her up a sandwich because she had requested something plain and thats the first thing that came to mind. He told me he couldn't think of any place nearby (they were staying in the cbd) but he said to give him a second. He went into the kitchen and convinced them to prepare a sandwich (i believe it was chicken or turkey) with everything on the side so she could put only what her tummy would tolerate. It was wonderful and my aunts were so impressed by the hospitality. They said over and over how that would never happen in California. Thank you Dragos and the terrific gentleman (unfortunately I cannot remember his name because i'm writing this review 2 months later)!Seriously overrated.  The "famous" char grilled oysters tasted of cheese and butter over a very small, dry tasteless oyster.  Fried oysters and French fries were more of the same small oysters on top of Sysco French fries that needed more time in the fryer.  No draft beer which would have been nice.
On the plus side my dinner companions liked their steamed lobsters.My wife and I went there to celebrate our anniversary however it was hard to find an intimate place. She had the shrimp salad which she said she like however I wanted some crawfish but they had none. Per the hostess she said the restaurant didn't want to pay the high prices and have their customer pay for it.  Excuse me but you have high price lobster on your menu what does that say. I had he shrimp and grits which I couldn't eat it all cause it was so tasteless. It was just to spicy without any taste beyond that.The wait wasn't as long as they initially said it would be, but after we were seated it took about 15 minutes to get a server, and another 5-10 to get our drinks. The charbroiled oysters were good, but that was it! I got BBQ shrimp and it was so over cooked I couldn't even eat it. I sent it back and still never saw a manager. Finally when my bill came, the shrimp was on there and the manager said he knew nothing about it, even after standing right behind me with the server when she was telling him about it. I will never return!!This restaurant is a "must", if you go to New Orleans. Best food I've had so far in New Orleans. My husband and I ordered the charbroiled oysters. We only ordered the half dozen. Order the dozen! The gumbo soup was delicious and the charbroiled lobster was great as well. No complains at all about the food. However, the place is always crowded, so be there early. I don't blame the place for being crowded, it offers really good food that it's worth the waiting.My wife and her faimly ate here on our wedding weekend, Sunday the 15th, also it was our aunts 80th birthday. We were sat immediately, which was nice. Then the dinner went downhill. As a service industry worker for 15 years I found it odd that the server didnt write down any order for an eight top. My wife and I waited a long time for my cocktail and her diet coke. Our salads and soups came out after our entrees, after asking where they were. Our entrees were brought out by a different server and placed on a near by table instead of table jacks. Also, my daughter asked twice for a silver roll, finally my brother in law got one from another table. My aunt had to wait on her entree and my shuckee duckee was bland to the point were I couldn't eat the pasta. The duck was cooked perfectly but had no seasoning, odd for being a dish that claims to be blackened. My father in law ordered the twin filets with asparagus and got greens. I expect more from a chain restaurant. All this is fixable, the other servers seemed on point. I know it can get easy to get in a rut with all the tourists coming in saying the food is to spicy, but get back to your roots! Break out the spice please!!!!5 star on food and 3 stars on service. Best oysters I've ever had in my life. Also enjoyed the stuffed crabs.DISAPPOINTMENT!  I've always been a fan of charboiled oysters.. especially the ones found in NOLA.  So, after reading all the Yelp reviews raving Drago's, I was very excited to give them a try.  Not only did it take FOREVER for the charboiled oysters to arrive at our table, but when it did arrived, it was so charred that the oyster was stuck to the shell and there were no sauce at all!  My favorite part of eating charboiled oysters is using the bread to soak up the sauce!
What's redeeming though is that their raw oysters were pretty good.  It was my first time having them raw and I actually liked it.  The fried crab claws were pretty good as well.  It was lightly breaded and complemented very well with the cocktail sauce it came with.
Final verdit:  Skip the charboiled and go for the raw oysters instead!Their chargrilled oysters are the best you'll ever have.  I have been there 3 times and have had no less and 2 dozen every time. The gumbo is also very good.  Sorry that I can't comment on the rest of the menu; maybe someday I'll get to it but probably not as long as they dont run out of oysters.   It's a big place with a few bars.  They have always been busy when I was there.  I like to sit at the bar in front of the grill where the oysters are made.Food was good the service prevents anything higher.  I had to get up in order to find a server to help us after being there for a while without being greeted.First let me start by saying it pains me to write negative reviews.  I work in hospitality and everyone deserves the benefit of the doubt so I tend to be pretty laid back regarding expectations.  That being said we had Drago's recommended to us by multiple people for their oysters so we decided to try it for lunch.  Upon entering we walked up to the host stand and neither staff member working was in a friendly mood (no smile or greeting) just a "how many?".  We then were seated in a section where two other tables were already finishing up their meals.  We sat and waited around 10 minutes with 3 or 4 staff walking right by our table with no acknowledgement.   Then we heard 2 staff members behind us basically confirming to each other that we were not their table.  At this point we got up and left without dining because it was quite disappointing.  I saw the manager on the way out and probably should of said something at that time, but didn't.Love this place, the menu is just kind of boring one you had the popular. Not much to go for anymoreThis is a great place, known for the oysters. Oysters were yum yum. The bread that came with it was a lil hard, but the oysters were delicious.  We have never tried oysters this way,  it was out of the ordinary. It had garlic flavor and was juicy.  Looked like everyone who came ordered  the special oysters. The seafood gumbo, pasta jambalaya were great entrees and finally the bread pudding in whiskey sauce was tasty too. The bill came to 66.73 plus tip. I'll come here again on my next trip.The food here was great.  I had oysters and gumbo, both awesome- especially the gumbo. 
Servers were great and very polite/attentive.  The place is definitely a place worth stopping by.Nestled in a hotel, one would expect the typical three-star fare peddled at four to five-star prices. 
Not here. 
Best thing about the restaurant are the roasted oysters - a platter of the Mississippi's finest oysters roasted with a combination of herbs, butter, and cheese. Delish. 
The jambalaya pasta we split (those oysters are filling) was rather meh. But I would go back for the shellfish alone.The food was awesome.  Had the Charbroiled oysters and they were good!  Not to rich or heavy.  Had a small crab salad and it was great.  Dressing was good and a lot of crab.  I would definitely eat here again.Positives:  great selection of seafood dishes at a reasonable price.  Excellent shrimp and corn bisque!  Decent wine list.  Huge lobsters available.  Excellent service.
Ehh:  very rich food... lots of salads are available, but limited selection of broiled seafood.  
Drumfish stuffing and sauce are very average -- quite salty and rich and like "banquet food" overall.
Go for the oysters, of course.  Also try lobster and/or bisque!I've been twice and both times I was not happy with the food nor the service.  The first time I ordered the shrimp and grits. It was not appetizing at all.  The second time, I had the tuna which was not cooked thoroghly at all.  Both times, I sat in a similar area so I'm not sure if that's the section where they train the waitstaff because both times the service was horrible.  To get someone to come to the table took forever and they never come back to check on us unless we called them.  Granted it's busy but two times of messing up is enough for me.  The Drago's in Metairie is wayyyyyyy better.  If you're looking for the famous charbroiled oysters everyone talks about, go to Metairie.  Not here unfortunately.  Pity because it's right downtown.I only went here because it was in my hotel and my mom and i were seriously hungry. 
My mom ordered some fried oyster lunch (fried oysters, french fries, vegetable, and salad). She was happy with her lunch apart from the waitress bringing French dressing instead of ranch and having to wait a bit for a new side. I really don't remember seeing a vegetable on her plate, but it may have been hiding under the huge mound of fries. Who knows.
I ordered a dinner salad and the eggplant romano. The salad was acceptable, though I was a little annoyed that my dressing came on the side considering that the salad is served on an extremely small plate. When the eggplant arrived i was surprised at the presentation. Based on the vague description, I expected it to be similar to eggplant parmesan; however, what I got instead was deep-fried spears of eggplant topped with powdery romano cheese and a portion cup of marinara. I was so hungry though that I was willing to eat it anyway, at least it was eggplant, right? Unfortunately with one bite i could tell that my food was NOT vegetarian. It had an overwhelming seafood flavor. Blech! [Disclaimer: Had I known it was going to be this style of cooking (aka: cooked in a fryer), I would have asked if there was a separate fryer for non-meat/fish items.] So I flagged down the waitress and explained my predicament, and she came back to let me know that they do indeed fry EVERYTHING in the same fryer. Hooray. She said the kitchen offered to cook the eggplant spears in a skillet, but I declined since that wasn't the style of eggplant I really wanted. She then said she could have the kitchen make me a pasta primavera dish, which sounded fine. i did make the comment that i had seen some pasta dishes on the menu that sounded appetizing sans meat but decided against ordering because i hate paying for meat i don't eat. She chuckled and said she understood and could work something out. I really appreciated her thoughtfulness, but was still disappointed when my food arrived. The vegetables were steamed/sauteéd well, but the past was watery and mushy. I should have sent it back but I was beyond caring for the moment. Had i known that that bowl of pasta was going to run $17, I would have certainly said something! Even if the pasta would have been well-cooked I would have balked at the price.
I have definitely had better food at better prices at "fancier" restaurants.Service was fine. Food was terrible. It was generic and bland. Not at all worth the hype. It would be better to find a small local place. This was like the Furr's Cafeteria of seafood. Don't waste your money.This place SUCKS ASS on service.  I've never been anywhere where the staff didn't give a shit about the customers.Not worth the price or the wait.  Go elsewhere. Only the oysters were good.  With a party of 10 and everyone was disappointed.Ok so this place is known for Oysters. That being said, only get the oysters. We had the lobster Mac n cheese and it came out cold. Sent it back and they actually microwaved it and brought the same plate back! The manager came over and said that's what we do etc.  just made excuses and did not make it right. The kids meals are terrible, the PO Boys are ok at best. Service 5 out of 10. Don't come here expecting a nice 4 star restaurant. It's 3 at best. Just gets a lot of good reviews because of the oyster.Charbroiled oysters are the specialty at this local institution, and they don't disappoint. Every bite was dripping with flavor, and there wasn't enough bread to soak up all the juice in the bottom of the plate. But heads up: the servings are a bit undersized, so go for the full dozen if you're hungry. Their Oyster Chowder was also wonderful, as was their extensive wine selection. The kitchen was a little slow the afternoon I dined here, but the bartender made sure I was taken care of. If you're looking for great seafood in the Crescent City, Drago's should definitely be on your list.The charbroiled oysters are great, though we went last weekend and a few were totally black and one shell was empty. I have to agree with a previous poster who said that the entrees aren't that great. We've been a few times and the entrees have consistently disappointed. The place is so busy that service all around is a bit lacking, as though customers are taken for granted. That said, if you've never been, by all means go and enjoy some oysters!I'm in town for the DAV Convention. I promised a friend back home in Dubuque ia I would try real new Orleans food. I found it in the very hotel I'm staying in.
Minimal wait time, server was knowledgeable about the product and made fitting suggestions.
 I got the charbroiled oysters, shrimp etuffee, red beans and rice, and cream brulee. My friend got the salmon, gumbo, and ice cream sundae. 
The oysters were delicious, nice and plump sweet and spicy with the coating on them.
The red beans and rice was good, nice slight heat, light enough to taste all the effort that goes into making it.
Now the etouffee, simply grand! The shri.p cooked perfectly, the rice plump and tender and the etouffee was delicious.
Creme brulee I honestly never had one like this it was soft after you broke the crust it was a silky custard.
The reason for the four stars is the service. It was good but slow, they did have a good . but those who ate there last night said it was slow then also.
Over all if your are in New Orleans I highly recommend it.This place is not for big groups. Which is surprising because I've brought big groups here before, as the restaurant is in the hotel next to the convention center. We went here with a group of 15. I asked the hostess if there would be problem with splitting checks, and she said no- before we were ever seated. In short, our waiter was a disaster, we weren't able to place orders for 30 min after sitting down, the manager was complained to four times by different people in our group, and they insisted that each person had to pay their check, and only then could the next person be given their check to pay (a process which took about 45 minutes). The food was good, this is traditionally a favorite place of mine, but I will NEVER bring out of town guests here again- it as an embarrassment and a disaster.Went there solely for the oysters and while they were dynamite, I would disagree that they're the best in NOLA. However, they were juicy and plump and beautifully charred. Tons of butter all over the plate which was fantastic for dipping our bread into. 2 dozen oysters and two Sauvignon Blancs and we were out the door for $70 tip and tax included. Not the cheapest but one of the best. So far I think the char grilled oysters at Delmonico are the best we've had.I would definitely go here again just for the chargrilled oysters, though I've heard there are plenty of other places that do them just as well (if not better).  However, other than that I'd probably advise to go on a weeknight or really early our late, when it's not so crowded.  There was a super long wait but we were lucky enough to snag two seats at the bar.  I'm glad about that because the dining room is huge and loud and didn't have much personality.  The bartenders were overwhelmed making drinks, taking food orders at the bar and the bar area, and dealing with people waiting for their tables.  There were lots of large groups of young girls, young couples, and big families so it was noisy and crowded.  Our other food was okay - I got some redfish that was overcooked so it was a bit dry, but the flavor was good.  I think next time I'll try the chargrilled oysters elsewhere to see if they are any good, but i'd definitely get them at Drago's again if there weren't a long wait.Stopped here for a late lunch. Lunch menu ended at 4, but our waiter worked fast to make sure he got our orders in before the deadline. The food was really good. I had a summer salad which had the best vinaigrette. Another member of our party ordered the lobster mac and cheese and it was to die for. If I could do it again I would order that! Those who ordered the Charbroiled Oysters said they were great. It's a little on the expensive side, but a good option if you make it in time for the lunch menu.This place didn't impress me. Famous for the char broiled oysters, yeah right. The oysters were over dashed with parmesan and other spices. It also has pieces of shells and sand in it. Also had the Seafood gumbo, horrible, taste like dentymore beef stew. Don't waste your money here.Not much to say here! The service was great. We visited for one thing only: THE CHARBROILED OYSTERS! 
Get the charbroiled oysters. You will not be disappointed.Worth the wait!! We were visiting and our driver told us to come here and try their Chargrilled oysters. Super delicious and perfectly cooked. Better than Royal House's oysters. 
We also ordered the Dragos mixed grill plate and the Grilled Shrimp pasta with the creole sauce. They were both delicious and nicely proportioned. I wanted to lick the plate!! 
The wait for the FOOD was very long (40 minutes) but our waitress told us from the start that they were behind so I think the delay was just that day.Food here was amazing! It was my first time eating oysters, and the charbroiled ones are fantastic. I also got the stuffed redfish, which was great, but huge. I couldn't finish it all! And the waiter was so sweet and genuinely seemed to love being there.Three words: chargrilled oysters. I've traveled extensively, I live in New York - these are the best oysters EVERRRRRR! Go eat, appreciate great service and enjoy!They may have created the chargrilled oysters, but they are FAR from the best in the city. Possibly the worst. And the attitude of almost every member of the wait staff, bar staff, and management was deplorable. Do yourself a favor and skip the visit. The best chargrilled oysters we found on our "oyster crawl" are at The Corner Oyster House on Decatur Street.The best chargrilled oysters I've ever had in life!  Sit at the oyster bar and order dozens! You can see the process and it's pricelessDrago's can be bit overrated. Every time we go there, there's always a wait and not really worth the 20 - 30 min wait sometimes. If you have a big party, reservations are highly recommended. I prefer their lobster over their signature charbroiled oyster dish. The charbroiled oysters can be too salty and overwhelmingly buttery. Great, if that's what is preferred, but I like to taste the actual seafood. There are so many other restaurants in NOLA that serves better charbroiled oysters without the long wait. Great place to bring a big party or family with children. Generally a casual atmosphere.Excellent place. Atmosphere is nice, service is stellar and the food, delicious. We tried the chargrilled oysters - perfectly seasoned. Husband tried the gumbo and was well pleased. The oyster po boy was quite large so I ended up eating the fried oysters off the sandwich. Husband had half stuffed lobster and we were well pleased. Bread pudding at the end - magnificent!! You will not be disappointed - prices were well within expectations. Enjoy!!!This place is amazing.  The charbroiled oysters are to die for.  When I tell you it's good, I'm not exaggerating....Will definitely return EVERYTIME I visit NOLA.  Good job folks!My Baton Rouge date said they had better charbroiled oysters then the really popular, long line out the door place in the French Quarter. So we set out like some culinary detectives to find these morsels. Upon entering just as they opened was nice. It was still quiet, more upscale then the dark bar scene in the other place in the Quarter. When the dish arrived we devoured the fresh off the boat shellfish faster than a hussle in the Quarter. This was my knee jerk reaction. Oh shet! You know how to shuck! The charbroiled oysters was served w/a French Baguette. Fresh out the water, off the boats, cleaned, dressed and thrown on the grill and presented in front of me like a Mardi Gras throw. Except this throw I consider to be a prized Dabloon! The oysters are broiled w/heaps of garlic butter, pepper, oregano, parsley and grated Parmesan and Romano cheese. That's what makes it better then the acronym place Whiley Cayote eats at. Drago's gives a special Nawlins dash of cheese. Use the Baguette to sop up the oyster juice that flows into the Nawlins sauce and mingles w/the flavors. I luv Nola oysters and this place knows how to shuck. If you're lucky enough to travel and get there. Get some Drago's charbroiled oysters. RK this ones for you! Baton Rouge! Drago's - NOLA!This place is AMAZING!!! I hate oysters and I tried these and they were yummy and the sauce was even better! I also got the shrimp and corn bisque and shrimp and grits! They also give you tons of shrimp! I'd highly recommend this place! The service was top notch! Nicholas went above and beyond!Please just get the charbroiled oysters and a buttery oaky Chardonnay. Please. I want to eat more but I'm full. So eat for me.The chargrilled oysters were very good! They are a must try when coming to New Orleans. The seared tuna was also good with great greens on the side. The staff was very friendly, but service was extremely slow!!I was surprised that the Hilton location is as good as the Metairie's. I wont talk about the oysters- what more can I say? I can say that the shrimp and crab bisque is really really good. Thick without being gluey like some other places. Well seasoned too and lots of shrimp. The crab salad was perfect. Very simple- romaine lettuce topped with a lot of sweet fresh lump crab meat and lightly dressed. I shared a dozen grilled oysters and the salad with a friend and since I was having a late dinner later I had the cup of bisque. It was a perfect summer lunch, esp. since it was hot outside. I also recommend this meal if you are tired of everything fried!Great food and great atmosphere... The oysters are some of the best in the city. I love the lobster Marcos which is the star on their menu in my opinion.Dragos is a nice restaurant for a romantic evening.or to get out of the heat on a hot and humid day.  They serve a large selection of seafood and southern fare. My favorite thing to get here is the charbroiled oysters.  They're  famous for them. Oh and they do a bakers dozen, so you get an extra one.  Dragos also goes to festivals around the area with the dragos fire truck selling their charbroiled oysters. So yummy and worth the wait in line.5 stars solely on the charbroiled oysters. -hands down best charbroiled oysters ever.
I am not even a fan of oysters, but once I tried these suckers I became a believer... well for charbroiled oysters. I still can't stomach raw or fried oysters. 
Sitting at the oyster bar is the best. The oyster shuckers provide great service and always "mis-count" and give us a few extra oysters ;) And you get view of how fresh these oysters are! They shuck them right in front of you. Just perfect.
I've also tried the jumbo lump crab dip and it's also delicious! Large chunks of crabmeat in every bite. 
I haven't ventured outside of these two items, but trust me... these two alone are worth coming for.Charbroiled oysters, lobster Mac-n-cheese, Cresent City shrimp.  As good as it gets.This is a GREAT spot for Oysters and lobster.  Their signature dish is the chat grilled oysters but this time of year the raw ones are too good to pass up.  The downtown location is high end and good for business dinners but slightly over priced.  But the food is good and one of the better places downtown.Best oysters in the city at a fair price. We got in late, the  hostess didn't want to seat us but thankfully she did. It was our last night in town and everyone we talked to raved about this place. Lobster was cooked perfectly as well. Fantastic meal, I'll be back. Thanks for getting us in!Good restaurant. The grilled oysters were awesome. They come in this butter/garlic sauce. Just ask for extra bread for dipping. It's worth it. Great place and great atmosphereGot the ahi tuna with Avocado with tomato salad...let me say this first, I know what ahi tuna is supposed to taste like, I LOVE AHI TUNA.  Given this place had so many people tell me it was a great place to eat, I trusted the tuna, big mistake.  Very chewy, strong fishy smell (not supposed to smell and is supposed to be very soft and easy to eat) it wasn't seared, it was supposed to be.  It was so bad I just took off all the tuna and since our server never came to check on us I was pretty much finished the rest of the salad and I still was charged $20 for: lettuce, tomato and avocado.  She charged me even after I told her the tuna was far from fresh, I gave her a plate filled with the  "turned" tuna.  I just took it out of her tip and called it even.  GO ELSEWHERE.2/27/17
So I'm writing this kinda late.
The night before we started talking with a few locals at a parade. I was surprised when they mentioned Drago's at the Hilton. So I had to give it a try.
Walked in the side door and noticed a long line.  I thought we were for sure going to be waiting. To my surprise there was ton of seating and the place was getting full for lunchtime. 
Our server Harry was very welcoming and kind. 
For drinks we had the bloody mary-spicy, which was not spicy and nothing impressive for $12. Get this, they don't even provide beer back! I had a $10 mimosa that was from a Tropicana concentrate. This is where I had to drop a star. 
I've never had cooked oysters, so I figured this was the place to start. So glad I did. Their Chard Grill Oysters were AMAZING. Perfect balance between butter, mild herb, Parmesan. If one has had escargot, they understand what buttery deliciousness I'm referring too. I also tried the seafood Gumbo and it was a great compliment to the oysters. 
The locals were right, the food was incredible, quick seating and service was very welcoming. I've been home for a few weeks and I crave this place.My siblings and I went to Dragos because my brother suggested it. This was the best suggestion He made.  Everything we ordered was delish.  The best part of the meal or the charbroiled oysters which were perfectly seasoned with a little bit of lemon and garlic butter.  Will definitely return whenever I'm in town.The charbroiled oysters and cocktails were incredible, the catfish was nothing special, but not bad! Definitely have oysters and a bloody mary here if you're in new orleans and avoid the ridiculousness at Acme!I loved this place, this is my favorite every time I come home to visit (Metairie), I would give it 5 stars but I think the Hilton Hotel is making it crappy, too much traffic in and out it doesn't give Drago's that ambience feeling there, its kinda noisy but of course a hotel is attach and even the hotel's bar is right by Drago's. Hopefully one day they get their own building in the CBD like their other location. But great oysters of course and the fish is great and also service, Thanks Mrs. Vale for your service...I go to drago's for the oysters. I love them. i never tried anything else. They are a $$$ restaurant if you are going for the oysters but who cares they are great.When served piping hot, chargrilled oysters there are no better in NOLA. However, if they're brought out after having sat for a couple of minutes you might as well go anywhere because they're all the same. Was shocked at the cost of Abit draft beer ($8!). 
The offer a gluten free menu which includes the oysters sans bread.My husband and I brought my brother from Houston here for his birthday dinner. We've been here before so we decided to order something different than lobster. Boy, was I disappointed! 
There's always a line so we gave them our info and was told there was a 45 minute wait. No biggie. We walked around the Riverwalk for a bit and returned 30 minutes later. I was told my name was not on the list and the hostess was freaking rude! We finally got that settled and was seated within 10 minutes.
We ordered Wicked Squid, 1 dozen charbroiled oysters and 1 dozen raw oysters. Oysters came out first and it was delicious as always. The appetizer would have been better if it was hot. Instead, it was warm. 
For our main entrees; my husband had the Seared Yellowfin Tuna, I had the Drago's Mix Grilled with crabmeat and my brother had the Pasta Jambalaya. The only dish that came out hot was my brother's dish. My husband's tuna was cold. My petit filet was cooked incorrectly, my rice was dry and the dish was lukewarm at best. I was so disappointed. I love a good seafood restaurant but we will not be coming back. Only reason why I gave 3 stars was because of my waitress. She was awesome and didn't charge me for my meal.What to say about Drago?  it "looks" like a standard hotel restaurant, but it has roots and history in NOLA.  It was Good stuff, from their grilled oysters to their.. well i just had grilled oysters, because they where great!
only draw back i would say, but it did lose atmosphere points due to location in the hotel.  it was loud, and very hotelly....Stupid good, 'Nuf said...2 lunches in 2 days...slow service on drinks so they comped me on not one, but 2 glasses of wine...I'm a fan for life!The Charbroiled oysters were the star of the show! These are a must try! The rest of the food was ok, but it seemed a bit too mass production for our taste. One of our 6 orders was only marginally warm. Overall, our suggestion is to come in for oysters appetizer and go elsewhere for dinner. 
We were expecting a nicer ambiance, but the place is massive. The waiter tried hard, but he obviously had too many tables to pay much attention to us.The food was pretty good but it was the awful service that will keep me from ever going back. We went in during lunch with a group of 6 and it took over two hours to complete our meal. Our server would disappear for long periods of time, we couldn't get his attention when we did see him and the check was messed up and it took a long time for him to find someone to fix it. The table next to us wasn't cleared/bused the entire time we were sitting there either.I came here for the first time and I was skeptical due to 3.5 stars but I clearly understand...guy dragging a trash can through the restaurant..our server was confused and seemed to rush everything. I think he only had one table and he was not doing a good job, he reached over my food, no water unless asked, he wasn't really checking on us as he should, but at the end he delivered after I asked "are you busy" but the food was good.The chargrilled Oysters are AMAZING! Absolutely delicious! The rest of the food was just ok, Gumbo and Red Beans and Rice. What I would do is probably start here with the Oysters and drinks and move on to another place for the main meal! But the Oysters make them a 4 Star for me! Service was great at the bar where I sat!The service was good but that's it. Started off with a carb dip that was suppose to have their home made potato chips and got some bagged corn chips so $16 and it was ok. Main course shrimp and grits no flavor i had to add hot sauce and salt to get something out of it $23. Beer was good purple haze $7.25 but no draught beer of any kind. Also had two other people who said same thing it was ok. But for $180 Ok doesn't cut it Sorry. But again service was good but food wasn't.Hands down the best charbroiled oysters in New Orleans!! It's well worth the wait. We spent 5 days in New Orleans and have eaten here all 5 days. The food is that good! We've tried other charbroiled oysters in the area and nothing compares. I would highly recommend this place.Grilled Oysters, enough said. They are worth just sitting there and ordering nothing but those things, the bread and buttery residue is enough to hold you over. Must have.Well, was ok but no the best I was waiting for the high price. I loved Fleur De Lis Shrimp. The Charbroiled Oyster was full of shells, was good but.... price a little high in my opinion vs the food.We get trapped into coming here because its convenient, and every time I regret it. The food is good, but the serivce SUCKS. And caps lock doesn't do it justice. You will want to tackle one of the many waiters/waitresses walking past your table so that you can place your order. That is... of course.... if you get a table in the first place. In terms of New Orleans service, this is the worst in the city hands down.I went to Drago last week when I was in town for a conference and fell in love with the grilled oysters!  They were and are one of the best dishes I have had.  I wanted to go back a second time before I left NOLA but schedule didn't permit.  I also have to rave about how nice my waitstaff  was (I believe his name was Kyle), very hospitable.  I highly recommend you visit this restaurant when in NOLA.We are staying at the Hilton Riverside and Drago's is downstairs. I read the reviews and wanted to try the chargrilled oysters and definitely good. Our service was also fabulous. The dinner was okay but with so many choices in NOLA I would only recommend coming for the oysters, appetizers and drinks and somewhere else for dinner.The charbroiled oysters live up to the hype!  The service can be dodgy.  A pro tip is if you want the oysters and better service, then go to the hotel bar.  They serve then too.Fresh! Drago's does normal seafood stuff for New Orleans but they it a bit fresher than many others. I think they just take more pride in what they're dishing out. My favorite is their crab balls. I fell in love with Drago's when I first bit into their crab balls.Went on a Saturday with 4 friends from the Netherlands.   There are 2 check-in desks, one off of the street entrance and one inside the hotel to the left of the bar.  The one inside didn't have a long line.  We checked in and they told us 1 hour.   You get a text message with a link to follow your wait.  After waiting 45 min for a party of 6 I checked in  with the desk because I noticed several large tables available and they told me to check my phone and come back when it had been an hour.   So we waited 15 min more, rechecked in and they sat us at a table that had been empty this whole time.   I ordered the steak, lobster trio and it was just ok.  TThe lobster was overcooked and dry.  The steak was tiny and tough.  The other dishes like the Florentine pasta, and fried shrimp and catfish were just ok too!   It's not worth an hour wait.  But if you are staying at the hotel and need a quick bite I say try it out.  Nearby I highly recommend Cochon.They have the best grilled oysters ever!!!! Every time when I visit my cousins in New Orleans, I always have them bring me to this restaurant and gorge myself on their grilled oysters!I came here with a large group and the service was good, but the restaurant was pretty empty. The oysters were fine, but I don't think the food lived up to the quality of the decor. I probably wouldn't come back, but had a good time!