These are the best hot dogs I've had in life. I can literally eat here everyday! Which is why I'm head back for the second day in a row, & 3rd time this week. 
The owners are great, the food is just as great... There are so many options! Be sure to tell them it's your first time and get the Dreamy Weenies rundown!OMG. Just get here now. NOW! 
Everything from the staff to the menu was stellar. It is so hard to find healthy vegan alternatives in NOLA, and this cute little cafe nails it! The daily fresh baked wheat buns, the in-house side salads and the vegan chili. MMMMMMM. 
Hot. Fresh. And just what we needed. Will not be back in town without stopping at this gem. So please go for me!The menu options are fantastic and creative. The food was super tasty and we would definitely come back. The staff was very personable as well, so it made the experience even better.this is one of the best places to try something your taste buds will super love red beans and rice are one of the best but i going back to try many more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!After a long day traveling, on our first night in New Orleans, we strolled by this place. It has a great look. The two guys behind the counter were fun and nice. We each selected a different sausage. The sausages were very good and were served on a soft tasty bun. As we were eating, people who appeared to be from the neighborhood (lacking that touristy look with flip flops, shorts, and hats) kept coming in and were warmly greeted. This added to the ambience and our enjoyment of the meal. Go here and keep these guys in business. A welcome change from the touristy cookie cutter places that are so prevalent in this area.So, my boyfriend and I have been making our rounds on the hot dog circuit, and this has been our 4th spot.  Definitely pleased with the food and staff.  Super personable guys that make you feel welcomed and comfortable.  The beef dog with chili, onions, mustard, and cole slaw was delish!  They even make a homemade tea which was pretty damn fab as well.  This stop is at the top of our hot dog list, as they have found a way to balance a great bun that doesn't overshadow the star.  We are a fan for life now.When you're ready to eat one of the best dogs you'll ever have, check this place out. Located across from Armstrong Park, on the edge of the French Quarter, this small eatery packs big flavors.So happy to see a restaurant in NOLA offer several vegan items on their menu. Expensive for a "hot dog" joint. Food was delicious.This place was awesome!! Such a great selection of dogs, vegan and non vegan. And amazing yummy sides to choose from! We came right before closing, and the staff were all very sweet and friendly. I will definitely come back when in NOLA again and highly recommend to anyone!Had the halal classic dog with the chili genie on top.  Was not disappointed.  You can tell the staff cares about the place being successful and they keep this place clean including the bathroom.  I will be back.I stopped here for something quick and this place was a great find! Had a williamsburg feel. I had the falafel hotdog because I've never seen that before with grits because I'm in New Orleans and it was surprisingly amazing! I also got a side of waffle fries. 
It's cash only though.In search of a place with a bathroom, but also had dwindling interest in taking the bus to a far-off restaurant, I came upon Dreamy Weenies after my tour on foot at St. Louis Cemetery #1.  
Dreamy Weenies is directly across from Louis Armstrong Park. Nice, open space with some art for sale. They have a bathroom!
I had the Genchilli Dog, and opted for the spicy beef sausage, topped with their housemade chili and Creole mix (minced bell peppers, onions, celery). I asked to have roasted garlic added (+55cents).  The weenie is not weenie at all, but a good sized 8+ inches (about 1-inch diameter) served in their homemade bread. Delicious.  The size of this weenie is not conducive to eating on the fly-- I had to eat it at the shop to avoid chili spills.
Would come here again if I am ever back in NOLA and would love to try the vegan dreamy weenies.Wasn't "dreamy", especially for the price. Bread was amazing. Got the beef kabob Curry, swapped it out (bc of some lemon aftertaste yuck) for a zesty dog with creole toppings, not as exciting for $9 but tolerableSurprisingly tasty hot dogs with unique choices.  Favorite was the Gen-chili dog with cream cheese.Exactly the hot dog you want when the Quarter inexorably leads you toward hot dogs. Fresh buns, top-notch toppings, friendly service.I was only visiting New Orleans for 4 days. I ate the vegan dogs 3 days in a row. Good food and great service.Very friendly staff/owners.  Many people on New Orleans are not friendly at other restaurants, but not here. Homemade buns, choose your meat and topping. Huge selection of toppings. I was too tired to be experimental so I opted for the good old chili cheese dog with a Polish beef sausage.  It was delicious.  The real thing that you MUST have is their Navy Bean Pie.  I purchased 1 then came back the next night and purchased two more pieces. It is amazing!!! Nice thick consistency. It reminds me of a mixture of a chess/buttermilk pie and a light pumpkin pie. DeliciousYO YO YO and a woooohooooo, This spot has the hook up for every diet. They cater to the halal, vegan and kosher set. THANK THE FOOD GODS!
The owners are friendly and personable as what I expected. The food is mad good and ya better know I already got on the horn and told ALL of my foodie friends about it.
There was only one ish about it that  rubbed my family and I the wrong way...And that was the young lady who took our order.Wow! So many fantastic vegan choices here! The vegan andouille with red beans and rice on top was incredible! This is a must-eat if you're vegan and staying in the French Quarter.This place has great vegetarian options.  We had a andouville vegan hot dog with mustard and onions.  We also had house fries (seasoned and plain). The house fries were good, but a little greasy. The hot dogs were decent. The andouville had an interesting taste.  I would recommend trying the kielbasa.  The part of town it is in is a little sketchy.  So I would recommend going during the day. The service was good and the restaurant was very cute.Finally got around to eating here recently. Great place top to bottom, from the smiles at the counter to the smiles in your belly.
For fans of another local hot dog joint (which I think would be rude to mention by name in a positive review here), I can highly recommend Dreamy Weenies for a change of pace. The atmosphere, general approach to gourmet dogs and multi-diet friendly menu options prove that there is plenty of room in the weinersphere for delicious competition. 
I think it's important to mention that all of the employees we encountered clearly take pride in their service and product, and rightfully so.Was in New Orleans looking for a good hot dog and I was not disappointed.  A very hearty and satisfying meal. Plus they had halal and kosher and vegan options so it was perfect. This meal really hit the spot. I would recommend the chilli dog with the zesty beef. Definitely a great meal!I really, really wanted to like this place. After a very bad experience with another local hot dog shop's veggie offering, I was excited that Dreamy Weenies had several options specifically tailored to the veg. crowd. The young man who served me was extremely friendly. I told him that I didn't want anything that resembled meat, so the faux chicken, faux sausage, etc. were out, and the remaining option was falafel. I got the "Higgy" with veggie chili, cheese, and grits, and an order of seasoned waffle fries. 
The fries were pretty tasty and managed to survive the 15-minute walk back to my office without too much sogginess sneaking in, but the falafel dog...Well, I've been torn on writing this review because maybe it was my fault for going to a hot dog place and expecting something that didn't seem so hot doggy. But I assumed the falafel dog would be a bit more falafel and less dog. It resembled faux meat more closely than it resembled any falafel I've ever had - very heavy and dense, and without the pleasant crunch of a ball of falafel. The texture was all wrong, and the toppings weren't that flavorful.
So, general recommendation: if you're a vegetarian with an aversion to meat, the veg. options here probably aren't what you're looking for. Everyone else, party on.Lots of vegan hot dogs that all taste very good! It costs about $8 for a hot dog but they are very big filling and tasty! Quick service and kind staff would definitely come againService was good. They offer different Vegan dogs & a Vegan bun. I liked the different variety of toppings. The seasoned waffle fries were hot & crispy. The cherry on top for me was the Vegan Pecan Pralines!!!!!
It was a clean venue  
I went in the next day to take home some pralines. I got to meet miss Tacha who makes the pralines & brownies. I will be placing an order in the near futureI LOVE THESE WEENIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg.
Really, though, omg.   I was so excited to try this place and then when I did I just shoved my whole mouth with food and wanted more.  I don't even know where to start!
There's lot of seating - it's a big open space with tables. The gentleman who helped us was nice and friendly (and cute! :) and very patient as I ordered 100 things off the menu and expressed how excited I was.  Tracy and I asked he open one in NJ because, VEGAN HOT DOGS WITH ALL THE TOPPINGS!!! CMON!!!
I was disappointed to learn they were out of waffle fries but no worrries!
So I got the keilbasa vegan dog with avocado, tomato, onion, vegan chili and I think something else. I had a side of rice and beans and a side of BBQ succotash. The Weenie was big and flavorful and fresh. 
I was (obviously) full but I wanted to eat so much more. 
I made a bib out of napkins. Oh and omg they toast the bun and it doesn't all fall out!!!! It's a perfectly shape and size and they have sriracha which I'm obsessed with but I actually didn't even need to use once because everything was just so f-ing amazing. 
I spent $17 on a hot dog place lol. 
This is the most excited review I've ever written because I was so excited. And I'm still so excited and I hope they come up north :((((((((Dreamy Weenies (such an awesome name) is pretty fab. For vegans and vegetarians, they do offer 4 or 5 different types of vegan "hot dogs" with the option of a (very tasty) vegan bun. The staff was extremely friendly and informative and made us feel welcomed. We were only in NOLA for three days and ate at Dreamy Weenies twice, that's how good it was! Definitely a must try when in New Orleans.
Also, the seasoned waffle fries are incredible!!Cash only and they do have an ATM on site. Long line at 6:00. I hear they have a good Falafel "dog" but decided it wasn't with the ATM fees and the price. A typical $7.50 meal wasn't worth it. Walked back into the Quarter, got oysters at Bourbon House.Fantastic food and great customer service! Found this great local eatery on Yelp during a recent visit to New Orleans. I ordered a delicious turkey dog with sauerkraut, cheese and bacon, so yummy. My traveling companion ordered the "pothole" hotdog which she also thoroughly enjoyed. Seemed on par price-wise with other eateries in the French Quarter, so no complaints on the cost of these gourmet dogs. Great place to stop on a visit to the area, highly recommend!Tasty fancy hot dogs. They're everywhere these days. Dreamy weenies has both super meaty & vegan options (which you can make unvegan by adding cheese) and lots of fancy toppings. The staff is helpful and can help you make choices.
Yes the dogs are a bit pricey but they're really big so I felt like I got my money's worth...and I feel like I'm supposed to make some sort of double entendre at this point...but disappointingly nothing comes to mind. 
Definitely a spot I'll go again for a quick & filling meal in the FQ.The corn dogs are huge. I can't even finish it! Seasoned waffle fries are amazing. Clean cool space and nice folks!Yesssss. Just yes. Is that enough for a review?
Seriously though. I had a vegan chili cheese dog and I was in absolute heaven. A+ for a great menu, delicious food and awesomely friendly service!!This place is such a joy. The food is fantastic and the service is great! It has something for everyone - meat eaters and vegetarians alike. The sweet potato fries were the best I'v ever had.So good. Dreamy indeed, had the classic beef. Homemade bun made it for me, mustard was killer, and the sweet potato fries sealed it. We'll be back!Awesome service and awesome weeners. Excellent for vegans and vegetarians, they have vegan buns and 5 different vegan hotdog options. They also have vegan chilli to make a chilli dog with. Some of the best food in new orleans and right across from historic Congo square and Armstrong Park.I love this place! I just came back from a second trip to NOLA and I made sure to stop by and get some food because I loved it from the first time I went. I got the vegan Italian herb hot dog with vegan chili and vegan cheese, seasoned waffle fries, sweet potato fries, and hummus, and it was all super good. The portions are really good and the cost is decent. The restaurant has a good amount of seating as well. I also like how you can eat your food and watch a parade at the same time on Mardi Gras day as the parades will sometimes pass by this restaurant. Overall, super good food!Decent place. They had a few vegetarian/vegan dog options. I tried the andouille vegan sauce which was pretty good. Boyfriend had the zesty beef with chili on it and says he'd come again. Only reason they aren't getting a five star review is because it's a cash only establishment.Got a vegan andouille sausage dog. Super yum! So glad I went! Right across the street from Louis Armstrong park which is lovely too. Not too many vegan options in nolaSpectacular quality, and impeccable service.  I chose the vegan Italian herb hot dog and it was incredible and I'm not vegan by any means.  This dining experience is one of my must haves whenever I come to New Orleans.  It's as good as the first day they opened.  Keep up the good work!Excellent food! Amazing friendly staff. Loved the experience. Must visit! They have few halal options. Amazing hot dogs. Supposedly it's also ranked in top 11 best hot dog placesLove 'em. But remember it's 'Cash Only' .
I had the Vegan Kielbasa w sauerkraut. Great!4.5 stars--one of my best meals in NOLA!! They offer a handful of unusual and seemingly quality vegan dogs: Italian herb, falafel, andouille, and kielbasa. 
I ordered the vegan andouille (when in Rome, right?) with mayo, mustard, ketchup, relish, slaw, and pico de gallo, plus a side of their vegan red beans & rice. The dog was ridiculously good. I don't know what brand they use, but the spices were interesting, and the toppings complemented it well. They make their own buns, and you can sure tell; they're everything a bun should be--fluffy and warm, with the perfect amount of crisp around the edges. 
The beans & rice I could have done without. They weren't terrible, but the dog was huge and I ended up packing them for later. I hadn't eaten this dish in over a decade, but I guess I expected it to have more flavor... ? Perhaps I'm just not a fan in general. They had vegan chili too, and I may try that next time.
My friend got one of their hand dipped corn dogs, and wow... it looked incredible. 
When it comes to cost, the basic toppings are free, but anything more elaborate is going to tack on 60 cents to $1. I reeeally wanted to give them 5 stars (I actually enjoyed the food somewhat more than Dat Dog's), but 99 cents for a spoonful of pico is excessive in my book.
Overall, though, an excellent little joint. I will most certainly be back.Favorite hotdog place in the city! Friendly staff too. Get the genchili dog add chipotle sauce!!Total yum and fun. For vegetarians and vegans this is much better than Dat Dog. I had the "kielbasa" with curry sauce and a drizzle of tzatziki sauce. My cousin got a meat dog with chili, cheese and grits. $7 seems like a lot for a hot dog but these were huge weenies. I couldn't eat all of the bun. We shared an order of sweet potato fries which were fresh cut and came with a sweet sauce. We were stuffed for hours after. The guys were super friendly and helpful and the place was clean and bright.I was skeptical going into this place because, come on, they're hot dogs.  Take a bite and you'll be lost in the wonders of New Orleans sausage culture at its finest.  Absolutely delicious and the prices are reasonable.  Nice people inside too.  Go visit Armstrong Park and Congo Square, then pop into this place and stuff your face while you contemplate the history of New Orleans and America.awesome dogs.  normally one wouldn't rave about 'hot dogs' but this place is great.  haven't had such terrific dogs since chicago.
satchmo dog w/red beans and rice...omg...to die for.
hubby had genchili dog w/chili and 'stuff''...also very very good.
we had the 'zesty beef' dogs - they were excellent.
the waffle fries were unusually tasty, crisp and so good.
everything was so good.
the guys running the place are fun and friendly.
this is a pet friendly place and kid friendly.
loved it!!Great hot dogs, overly priced but good. The chili changed which I dislike but still will do. If your on Rampart and hungry ! Go here and their punch is good...Call me old-fashioned, but I can't get behind the weenie-chic that's popping up everywhere. Asking me to pay exorbitant amounts of money for a HOT DOG, but your services won't cut the mustard? I can't. 
CASH ONLY - the bane of my existence. Have a biz? Bite the bullet and take plastic. 
IN-HOUSE ATM BROKEN - strikes 2 and 3. Not only are you inconveniencing your customers, but you make $$ off the ATM, too. 
OUT OF ITEMS - They're processed meats, for Pete's sake. Get enough for the week. 
It tasted OK  - the Gentchili sauce was nice, but I've had better from street vendors in NYC. Theses big-ass buns that are supposed to justify the cost aren't cutting it anymore, either. The coleslaw was sorely needing salt. 
Why three stars?
The counter service was very pleasant and apologetic about everything.One of my best dining experiences in the city, this place was out of this world! The service is incredibly friendly and helpful and the selection is so incredibly unique. Offering vegan, halal, and kosher hot dog options all at the same place is a really big deal! They ensure everything is cooked separately and that respect promotes a sense of community that plays an awesome part of this place's charm. It's literally world-peace offered in a hot dog bun. A in-house, freshly baked hot dog bun btw! 
I got the hand dipped corn dog, and it was awesome! My wife ordered the house special and loved it!
Truly an awesome experience and a truly blessed concept and business! Make it a point to come here when in town, it's totally worth the trip!I rarely do Yelp reviews, but feel compelled to put in a good word for Dreamy Weenies. The service is great, the management friendly, the establishment is clean, and the food is off the hook. This is not good vegetarian or vegan food, people, this is  just. plain. good food. Get the kielbasa dog and throw on some veggie chili and avocado. Take it from me, random, anonymous Yelper - you won't regret it.Great food and lots of vegetarian options. Awesome customer service and easy to find location. Thx for a great lunch!Always had a good dining experience here .The food was awesome.Hate to hear yall are closing.Yall should open up in New Orleans east off of bullard !I can't believe we've waited so long to visit this place! Fantastic menu, food, service, setting, location, etc--it is definitely our go-to place for hotdogs now. Dat Dog is good, but this place is great. We recommend the Pothole, the Diggity, the corn dog, the chili, the Special, and especially the waffle fries topped with red beans and rice!! The location right across from Armstrong Park and the new streetcar line is really good, and the building is gorgeous with all its big windows and bright colors. Definitely recommend! (Keyotta was our server and did a great job!)First off, I'm not a fan of hot dogs in general. But this place provided options that I could work with. I ended up getting the falafel with tzatziki sauce and jalapeños. It was ordered as a meal which came with a drink and fries. Everything was awesome and let me tell you about this customer service! Awesome! Hands down best customer experience since living in NOLA. Heads up, they only take cash so hit up a bank before dropping in.Oh man. This place is so good. I went in expecting shitty bourbon st lucky dogs but I was so wrong. Friendly staff. CASH ONLY!!!Awesome !! I am a bread lover and the bun was the best part of the hot dog for me. Baked fresh daily!You guys! Vegan hot dogs in NOLA! And they are so good!! I had the vegan chili dog and corn dog and both were amazing!This is the best hot dog in New Orleans hands down. The dogs are larger than any dog I've had.  The dogs are all beef, except for the Vegan Dog !  The delicious buns are baked fresh daily. The pricing is quite reasonable. The owners and workers are friendly and informative. The space in inviting and comfortable. The location is easy to find, its directly across from the Armstrong Arch at Rampart and St. Ann, in the the French Quarter. Make it a stop during your day !Tasty hotdogs with some great toppings.  Named one of the top 11 hot dogs by High Times.  The price cost them two stars.Great location (across from Louie Armstrong Park), cool  interior, great service, great dogs! Worth visiting if you're in NOLA.Was in NO for Mardi Gras and my friend was really craving a polish sausage. So we took a walk to this place! Although they were out of the kind of dog I wanted and I had to settle for something else, the dog was still great! It was also very filling, I couldn't even finish it because it was so big! The employees were very nice and the food was made very quickly! Although I'm not much of a hot dog and sausage kind of gal, if I'm ever in the area again and craving one, this is where I'll go.Great food and staff.  I was greeted immediately as I walked in.  This first visit will not be my lastBeautiful ambiance, true NOLA culture. Be sure to bring CASH because they won't accept any cards.CASH ONLY
FOOD
There's not much to say about the food other than that it's all delicious. You can't go wrong with such a solid menu of hot dog options. The bun they use is pretty basic, but their sausage options are great. They offer Halal, Kosher, and Vegan options. Something for everyone. I had the Pothole, which was basically a bbq on a bun (chili and potato salad). Yum. We got the seasoned waffle fries AND the sweet potato fries, which come with this sweet maple syrup like dipping sauce. Don't regret getting both types of fries at all.
SERVICE
The food is great, but I think the service is what really makes this place a spot you want to come back to. The guy at the counter was one of the nicest people you could ever meet. He's all smiles all the time, greets everyone who walks into the door as he's taking orders for the person currently at the counter. The two cooks in the back are really efficient and crank out orders pretty quickly. We came during a slight lunch rush so it took a bit to get an extra side of sauerkraut, but understandable since there was only one guy taking and delivering orders to tables.
When he brought over my sauerkraut, he noticed my boyfriend had only taken one bite out of his hot dog and immediately asked if we'd like him to remake it. He kept insisting they remake it until my boyfriend told him it was really good, but that he was just really hungover and couldn't eat it at the time. We took the rest of his hot dog to go. The fact that he offered to remake it without being asked or prompted at all was really observant on his part. Great service and super sweet.
Support these guys. :)Dreamy weenie heaven! As a vegetarian I love when places have options. There was no lack of options at dreamy weenies for meat lovers and plant lovers alike. I got the Italian sausage (vegan) and chipotle mayo on top. The thing was massive and delicious. Highly recommend checking them out.Best hotdogs ever. The buns are so toasty and house made. Can't go wrong with Zesty beef with sauerkraut, bacon, make sure to get the "dremaloude sauce".Love this place. There are so many delicious vegan options (4-5 different hot dog options, homemade sides, toppings, fries, etc) and the people running Dreamy Weenies are super friendly. I love their vegan dreamoulade sauce...on everything.You will dream of these weenies, one of the places I can't wait to visit when I come out here.Great place, great service, great food. Really great place for lunch, the weenies are HUGE, just saying! The girl behind the counter was so lovely, very friendly and helpful I'd return again just to talk with her. The food was ready fast and tasted great, and there are plenty of good vegetarian options. The location is nice, right across from Armstrong Park and there is some fun local artwork on the wall. I highly recommend stopping in as they haven't been there too long and we want them to stay!One of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans! Everytime I eat here I literally eat to the point of explosion, but it's totally worth it. All vegan sides, multiple vegan dogs: it's a dream come true! My personal favorite is the Pothole Dog, but whatever you choose you won't be disappointed. 
The only downside is they are located on the edge of the Quarter so parking is a total shit show, and I never have any cash and they're a cash only joint. The good news is this means I can force whomever I am with to pay for me. Win for everyone!
Ps I am so glad this place is called Dreamy Weenies and not Dreamy Wieners. I think about that a lot. Terrible word, wiener. Gross.went today for the first  time & it was banging,awesome veg options & the counter girl was super niceDreamy Weenies has the BEST hot dogs in town! Everyone gets a wide variety of choices here, whether you eat meat or are vegetarian.
First, you pick the specific weenie you want (lots of meat and lots of vegetarian weenies to pick from), then you pick your meal: hot dog on bun only; includes chips and drink; includes fries and drink; etc. There are lots of free toppings and others that cost extra, such as chili (meat and vegetarian available). There are lots of great sides. The buns are freshly baked. The prices are very reasonable because these hot dogs are huge!!!
Try the corn dog! Choose your weenie and it's fresh dipped in corn batter just for you!  
There is a very positive vibe and everyone who works at Dreamy Weenies is really nice. I've been a regular there for the past few years and I've never had anything but a 5-star experience! 
They are right across the street from the arch entrance to Armstrong Park. This place is a must - definitely the best in town!This place makes,  uh "tipsy Joi" happy. To be clear, it's rare that I even want fast food because I like to take my time eating and I prefer to do so with table service... con vino. Then there are those times when you're in the Quarter and need to stuff your face immediately or you're not going to be feeling well. Behold: Carnival time. 
An entire vegan section on the menu in a fast food joint? Dreamy, indeed. I landed here after Barkus day this past weekend... three hours past because I, uh, lost track of time while at Bar Mon Cher down the block as one is apt to do. 
"No buns," read the sign on the door. But who needs a bun anyway? Not so into those but then again, I'm not exactly always in the mood for a hot dog. Wait, the door was locked! WTH? Are there really people out there loathing the bunless? Someone was kind enough to open the door. I actually pleaded with them... and promised, "I really don't need a bun." WHO NEEDS A BUN WHEN THERE ARE WAFFLE FRIES?! I ordered the Vegan Andouille dog with Creole mustard (a must). I'm looking back at the menu and I'm mad at myself for not adding on other stuff... lots of VA (vegan available) add-ons like mayo and cheese. I guess I was in a plain kinda way, because I didn't even think to get my waffle fries seasoned and instead, eyed my friends' fries quite enviously.
I love this place and I need to remember it in times of great tipsy hunger.I had a corn dog. Sho nuff was delicious and perfectly cooked. I'm so mad I went there on my last day in NOLA. I'll be back!The staff is super friendly and the front of the shop looks out on historic Armstrong Park, so DW has ambiance that most lunch places wish they had. 
The waffle fries are spot on, but, even better, the hot dogs are big, juicy and flavorful. Also, this is probably the only restaurant in town where you can get Creole red beans on top of your Kosher (or vegan) Weiner while listening to New Orleans hip hop. Talk about a mash up. The corn dogs are dipped fresh too, carnival style.
Worth the trip.This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat in the city. As a relatively new vegan they have lots of options for me and I have yet to be disappointed, aside from the fact that my food is gone and I want more!  The falafel hot dogs are my favorite and the vegan buns are actually better than the non-vegan buns, according to my husband. He's not a vegan and loves the other hot dogs as much as I love the vegan ones. He tasted my bun and has decided to order the vegan bun from now on. The waffle fries are delicious too. The staff is amazing and the atmosphere nice and relaxing. Whether you're vegan or not this is THE place for hot dogs in New Orleans. Don't get me wrong, I love Dat Dog but Dreamy Weenies wins hands down. I could happily eat there every day.Dreamy Weenies is not just an excellent niche hot dog destination, but an exceptional restaurant- as in standards for comparison with any restaurant in New Orleans, Butcher, Palace Cafe, whatever. The menu is legible and concise- unlike other hot dog places or restaurants, the staff is super amicable, and the atmosphere is the perfect chill respite from the streets of the French Quarter, all the while having an excellent dining experience. Foodwise though, there is basically the greatest cook-out happening there everyday, with all of the best hot dogs and sides that one could ever possibly want, and all that you have to do is show up and order, to be at this great cook-out. Their cole-slaw is exceptional. Obviously a sticking point for hot dog obsessives, their buns are importantly, light, perfect and proportional (the maker must be specially selected). This and the overall quality of ingredients they obviously don't compromise on, and offer at a bargain. For the previous reviewer to complain for getting a premium hot dog with toppings, waffle fries, and a large drink for $13, I say- go to 7-11 or whereever it is, get a rotissiere hot dog, drink and hot pocket for $7 and tell me how you feel about your life after that. People are frequently demanding the highest premium products at McDonald's prices nowadays, so that's not surprising. The rest will know where to go. Dreamy.This place it's delicious and has a ton of vegan options. Their prices are a bit high, but worth it because it's so delicious!Probably one of the best hot dogs I had HANDS Down!! 
Sorry people from Chicago. These dogs are way better. 
Lots of vegetarian options. Great toppings and is pulled on nice and neat. No mess when biting down. 
I only wished the spicy sausage was spicier....other than that was an excellent snack before a tour. 
Cajun fries was excellent! Chili on the dog didn't give you any regrets after consuming. :DAs a vegetarian this is my favorite of the hot dog places in Nola. Prices all seem the same but these guys have multiple tasty vegan ones. Tried the (I think new) vegan chicken dog tonight w vegan chili, cheese and potato salad. Not enough of the potato salad to make a difference but didn't ruin the dog. Best part was the service...3 of the 4 had never been, 2 were kids and the staff went out of their way to make the experience enjoyable for all. Not sure why I haven't been here more but will make it a priority to do so. Should note my sis stopped me from drinking thr brown sugar sauce that comes w the fries bc I would have,Friendly staff and fairly quick service, the hot dogs were pretty good but on the expensive side for what they were. They left 2 hotdogs out of our order and still charged us for themBomb!!!!! Omg! Best vegan hot dog ever!!! Loved this place! But so did my omnivore fiancé! He had a regular loaded up dog! Wow! Truly blown away! You won't be disappointed!! 
And and! Omg they have Barq's red creme soda on tap!! I was in heaven!!! The girls working were so sweet and I was a little exuberant and happy to be there. (No alcohol yet...I was just super happy to eat a vegan hot dog!)I thought the dog was great, i thought there prices were a little high. Your going to be spending around $11-13 bucks, especially if you load up with the real  good toppings. If they were able to give all their toppings away for free, Id be 5-star on this place.A great lunch spot; a really unique concept with a fun vibe to the restaurant. We ordered the Arabi dog with sweet potato fries. The staff suggested adding tzatziki sauce, which was a great idea; it really added character to the dog. My husband thought the bun was the best he's ever had and the curry sauce was extremely flavorful. The sweet potato fries were delicious as well; not too oily and the flavor really shined. The portions were bigger than we expected given the price we paid. As my husband said "we will be dreaming of these weenies when we have to head home!"You should come support these guys! On top of all of the hotdog mix and matching you can do- they also offer a corndog version of each sausage. That made me a believer. The bread on a normal hotdog was also great so dont shy away from that.  
Minus one star bc it's cash only and in my life cash is a precious commodity that must be planned according to free ATM locations.Great. Really great!  Quick service, tasty menu, clean and bright facility. Highly recommend. Nasr the server/greeter was awesome, friendly and really helpful!   Liked it so much I got one to go. I recommend the succotash - best I've ever had!  Can't wait to come backHands down the best hot dog I've ever had. Went for a late lunch with hubby. I had the turkey dog, all dressed. Meat was perfectly cooked, juicy and full of flavour. Paired the dog with seasoned fries - not much flavour to these. Wish they had sweet potato fries, but they were sold out. 
Hubby had the beef. 
Make sure you're hungry - the portions are huge. That being said, it was pricey. $23 for 2 combos. 
The menu is also confusing, but luckily it was quiet when we went and the lady guided us through it without too much trouble.We make it a point to visit NOLA once or twice each year and we're always looking for new places to eat. So glad we found Dreamy Weenies! Fresh made buns, variety of dogs, and that candied yam molasses for the sweet potato fries is to die for! My boyfriend and I ordered 2 dogs, an order of fries, and two drinks for $20. We will definitely be returning!The house special was incredible. We also had a dog with red beans and rice on it. We ordered both hot dogs with the "zesty beef" wieners. In a city with so many great food choices I didn't regret grabbing a bit dog one bit. Would gladly frequent this spot if I was local. As I'm writing this I'm sitting here debating whether or not I can pound down another without hurting too much. Great find!Excellent hot dogs and seasoned fries.  Staff is very helpful and friendly and they keep the place clean.  I'd give it 4.5 stars, but am deducting a half star because it's pretty pricey for hot dogs and fries, and it's cash only.I had initially written this place off as a simple corner deli selling Oscar Meyer dogs on stale buns based on the outside, which boasts a life-size plywood grinning weenie giving a thumbs-up. I'm so glad I read the Yelp reviews and opened my mind a bit, because this place is really, really good. Lots of space and light in their dining room which has big open windows overlooking N. Rampart/Armstrong Park. 
They have a great selection of different meats, buns, and toppings. The portions are huge! They also have great vegan and vegetarian options. My only gripe was that when I ordered avocado to top my weenie, I was expecting pieces/chunks instead of the mayo-consistency liquid that came out of a squirt bottle.
The shop proprietor is really nice. His sister was working the register. They were raised here and their business partner is from DC. I really hope they succeed with the business! They deliver all throughout the Quarter, too, which is great. I will definitely be frequenting Dreamy Weenies.
One note: they are cash only but they have an ATM in the shop.Amazing selection of proteins-- kosher, Halal AND vegan without mixing pots, delicious toppings and sides, incredibly sweet staff/owners, a fantastic joint! We both left stuffed for $30!Dreamy Weenie puts a spin on the traditional dog with sausage variety and the ability to accommodate to a unique request. As a diabetic I don't want the carbs that come with the roll. I have instead something I call "who let the dogs out" which includes slice dogs, cheese chilly and sour cream in a cup for walking around. Heaven!So good we came back twice! Great selection of vegetarian/vegan options like vegan keilbassa and andouille, tons of toppings to choose from, and great sides make these hot dogs worth making the trip out to  Rampart Street for. My wife and I were brought here by a friend and liked it so much we took a picnic lunch of Dreamy Weenies to Louis Armstrong Park a few days after. Make sure to check out the vegan potato salad and the red beans and rice. Hell you can even add them to your hotdog if you want! Check it out!Hotdogs here are delicious and huge! Fries are amazing and enjoyed the atmosphere. So full!! :)I just ate a hot dog from here and I was so inspired I had to immediately write a review. First of all, I'm very impressed by the variety of people they cater to and the sheer amount of options you have to customize your hot dog. They offer kosher, vegan, and halal sausages along with a myriad of toppings ranging from regular to quirky.
Being that it was first time eating from here, I wanted an unadulterated taste so I ordered the zesty beef with chili on the side and a side of seasoned waffle fries. Now these are gourmet type huge hot dogs, hence the price. One with fries is more than enough. I can't even imagine anyone eating 2 in one sitting because they're so hefty.
I took a few bites of my plain hot dog and it was delicious! The sausage was well seasoned and had a nice snap. The bun was toasted but still nice and fluffy. After a few bites, I added the chili. That took it up a few notches and made a great thing fantastic. The seasoned waffle fries were crispy and delicious just like I like it. I'm so upset I didn't discover Dreamy Weenies earlier in my trip. I might have eaten here every day because I'm dying to try some topping variations. I got a slice of bean pie for dessert and it was great. It makes me sad that bean pies are so under appreciated. They deserve to be as popular as apple, pumpkin, and pecan.
The restaurant itself was clean, casual and comfortable. The 3 c's that equal great eating experience. The guys who were working here (maybe the owners) were very friendly and welcoming. You might be like big deal but let me tell you it's Ramadan and they're probably fasting and have to be around food all day and still managed to be cheerful. That is a big deal! If you're in New Orleans under no circumstances should you pass up a visit to Dreamy Weenies.this is one of the best places to try something your taste buds will super love red beans and rice are one of the best but i going back to try many more!!!!!!!!!!!I rarely crave a hot a dog but when I do, this is the first place I think of. Love the fact that you can get different types of hot dog, even a vegan choice. This is also a Black Owned Business so thats a major plus for me.
-AshKashHands down the absolute very best vegan dog I ever ever had!! My company ate the beef dogs and their feedback was similar; they just make amazing dogs here. They even bake their own bread. I never imagined hot dogs impressing me until here, the NOLA dog spot.Great place to take the edge off of your hunger. Lots of in house made selections. Still love the fried sweet potato with every dog!I had the corn dog and sweet potato fries.
Corn dog met all expectations as did the fries. But my 'Meh' review is based on Dreamy Weenies charging for most of the dog toppers, and not having near the section of Dat Dog.
My hot dog money will go to Dat Dog instead.So fun to find vegan options at such a place - and lots of them!  So far this has been a favorite find while staying in New Orleans! The service was fast and friendly and the food was tasty and filling! I'll be dreaming about these weenies for a long time!Hands down the best meal we had on our trip! Yeah we spent $40 for hot dogs and sides but I wasn't even mad after tasting them!Unconventional hot dog spot with a bunch of vegan options.  Restaurant is always clean, workers are always friendly and food always taste fresh.I'm giving this place 4 stars because of the great customer service and the good food. As a gluten-free vegan, there are very few places that I can successfully eat when I travel. As I was walking along the strip, I found this place by chance, due to a large weenie cut-out.
I looked at the menu, and lo and behold, there were vegan options! I went inside and inquired about their gluten-free menu items. Unfortunately, the server didn't really know what gluten was, but the chef helped explain the menu to me, and I eventually found out that I could eat the vegan chili, which didn't have any fake meat in it.
I got chili fries. The waffle fries themselves were good--very basic without much seasoning, even slightly, slightly underdone. But you could tell that they were fresh, which is a must. The chili was great! Had classic new orleans spices, just enough that I didn't feel like I was just getting that plain ol' vegan chili from a potluck.
Good place. Go here!I have to admit I did not eat a weenie, but we stopped in to get something to quench our thirst from walking SO MUCH and their iced tea was great, but what is more important is the hospitality that greeted us! These guys were SUPER friendly! On a side note, their bathrooms are squeaky clean, something that is hard to come buy walking the streets of downtown/frenchquarter New Orleans!This was the best hot dog I've ever had! Very big, I split it with my son. The fries were delicious. Love all the vegan options!!We love this place!  All of the sausages are excellent, but I am partial to the spicy beef.  And the crew is awesome!  The guys who own it are always working the line and the  counter, and always remember their regulars, even if it has been a while!Despite the fact that the place was empty means nothing. Their food is awesome. I was looking for a Vegan spot with a nice setting and good food! Found it!!I consider myself a connoisseur of hot dogs and right now Dreamy Weenies might be topping the list. A huge list of options from type of HD to toppings, all delicious and fresh. The dog was delicious, with a big bun, savory and moist. The toppings added the perfect touch, and the waffle fries on the dude complimented it perfectly. 
The staff are super friendly and want you to get the best hot d possible. They walked me through all the options, made great suggestions, and could not have been nicer about it. 
It's right across from Louis Armstrong park, spacious and comfortable, and has great art all over. 
I'll be visiting every time I come to NOLANOLA VEGETARIANS GET EXCITED!!!! This place has the absolute bestest and fattiest veggie indulgence food I have ever had! The falafel dog is amazing topped with vegan chili, cheese, and grits. And spoil yourself with the sweet potato fries with honey dipping sauce.  Delish.Very good option for vegans. Lots of choices and options. I went classic. Kielbasa and toppings.  No wild side today. I loved the bun- whole grain goodness. The beans and rice was ok, but could have used more spice and flavor.Easy and simple... Best hotdogs in the world! Amazing people running this place. If you are in NOLA then you MUST stop by here.Stopped in Memorial Day Weekend.
Vegan dog was good, pretty sure it was the store bought kind, but with all the extra toppings that come from the restaurant itself, it's excellent.
The two ladies at the counter were professional and courteous.This place is legit as all hell.
You're going to get combos that you'd never think of, that taste amazing. They have a smart selection of fountain drinks for being a little joint. 
It was a nice, chill atmosphere for having a dozen people in there. 
They are cash only, so keep that in mind.The best vegan food if you're traveling anywhere to New Orleans!!!!!! The most amazing staff, with the best food! A winning combo!I love this place. In my first two weeks in the city, I had already become a familiar face. I take everyone I know to eat a this place, especially if they're vegetarian. Ordering vegan has never been easier! The other day, the cook said, "I'm starting to know that he must be out here based on the order I receive in the back." I don't know if this should be a point of pride. I'm just saying, I really love this place!Exactly what we wanted! Big weenies and great vegan options. The seasoned waffle fries were on point.Came here while visiting NOLA. Great food, so many options including vegan, kosher, and halal. The dogs were a nice size, with plenty of flavor and nice combos. I was full after one but still ordered and ate a second. Definitely will come again!Absolutely fantastic!
You have choices of Halal, Kosher and Vegan for your hot dog. There are many variations that you can choose.
Then you choose a big variety of ingredients for toppings and sauce. I made two different hot digs and both were amazing. I got one with BBQ and one with Mustard sauce. Both were awesome. Quality of all ingredients is superb.
Additionally they are nice folks and the ambiance is attractive and has NOLA flavor to it.
Definitely recommend it.This place has been on my list of restaurants that I've been meaning to try for a while.  I'm an avid hot dog fan and am so glad that eating a "hot dog" for lunch or dinner is so vogue now.  While I had heard many great things about this place I wasn't that impressed.  The way they present the menu is really overwhelming and confusing.  They list all the toppings at first and then the weenies themselves seemed all over the place.  I just wanted some type of spicy, cajun sausage, but nothing on the menu seemed available and it was overcrowded with choices that seem to only cater to all the nouvelle dietary restrictions, which if you're in that category this place might be right for you. 
I got the pot hole which sounded mouthwatering with both potato salad and chili on the dog as well as a side of spicy waffle fries.  I didn't taste that much potato salad on the hot dog and felt like the chili overpowered it.  The hot dog had too much bun too and some bites that I took were all bun and no weenie!  For my side I was expecting a tray of waffle fries covered in dreamy remoulade sauce, but instead just got an order of waffle fries with a cup of sauce on the side.  The Dream-oulade sauce lacked all resemblance of anything dreamy.  It was more like a honey mustard mixed with mayo than remoulade.  Some of my friends ordered the Toulouse dog, which is supposed to come with BBQ shrimp sauce and it was just an unnaturally thick butter sauce with no shrimp!  I almost ordered this weenie and would have been disappointed with the lack of shrimp.  The sizes were huge here, which is nice for some, but I hate when restaurants try to make up for their prices by serving more food.What a great place! The people working behind the counter are so helpful and patient. Much appreciated because it is tough to select from the many yummy looking options on the menu.YUMMYYYYYY OMYGOD they make their buns n sausages and they are DELICIOUS!!! Our food came out less than 5 minutes after Nasr, who was super sweet n funny, took our order. YOU GOTTA GET A CORNDOG, duh.Dreamy Weenies is new (to me) but a welcome addition to the neighborhood. We came here after a long run day; after 12 miles I figured it was okay to visit the dancing weenie. I got the corndog and red beans and rice, and I've been dreaming about it ever since! Mouthwateringly (new word?) amazing! I can't wait to go back.Went twice, very respectful guy behind the counter. 
Really good dogs, great combinations.Everything was great.  The staff were very helpful.  The restaurant was extremely clean.  The hot dogs were top quality and the have Kosher dogs as well.  The have a few dogs with a true NOLA twist.  The homage corn dog was killer as well. We will definitely go back. By the was cash only.Finding Vegetarian hotdogs at restaurants is rare! So when I saw this place on yelp, I knew I had to try it. I got the vegan kielbasa with vegetarian chili, and cheese. It was good! My husband ate sides of fries and red beans&rice and said they were good as well.So sad that these guys are closing. They have so many great vegan options, even vegan mayo! This is the vegan andouille  vegan bun mustard avocado and sauerkraut. So good so filling. You will be missed!Can't remember exactly how I found this place but once I walked in and saw that they had vegetarian & vegan fare I was so excited. I wasn't really in the mood for a hot dog BUT I knew I wanted chili. I got the fries (waffle fries ) and added the vegan chili. It was amazing. I will definitely be returning.I've been here a few times now and it's been amazing every time. They've got really well-thought out options for different kinds of dietary preferences. They always play really good music. The people are super friendly and let you know they're glad you're there. The waffle fries are delicious. And the dogs are some of the best I've had. I went today and I already want to go back!I don't think I've ever experience a veg dog as good as the one I had here. Actually, I haven't, for sure. It is absolutely the best. You can customize it in any way you'd like and you have the choice of multiple veg dogs, or if you're not veg you have options too, just like my boyfriend did! 
I actually think I'm going to be craving his dog joint until I return. None of the hot dog places in my town even compare. 
Thanks again for the delicious food and friendly service!Five of my family members and me had lunch at Dreamy Weenies while visiting NOLA on a 17 day, 9 city, multi-country trip. The lunch turned out to be one of the BEST we had on our trip. Having four vegetarians in our group, the meatless weenies were greatly appreciated...and they were absolutely DELICIOUS too! I personally had the turkey frank with awesome cajun spices. Out of this world good, truly! Our family owns restaurants, and we couldn't be more thrilled to support this local family owned business in Nawlins. The woman who helped us and took our orders, the owner's sister, was so friendly. This clean, beautiful place with excellent service and outstanding food deserves five stars. Check it out!Fantastic service and the food is so good. I prefer the hot dog buns here over any other place.Definitely come here and be prepared to share hot dogs that are full of flavor!
Genchili Dog
The 'Pothole'Great lunch.  The buns are house made and wonderful. The succotash was great.  Eva loved the sauce for the sweet potato fries. There is a delicious weenie choice for everyone.  The staff was friendly.  Good stuff all around.Dreamy Weenies is just awesome!!!!  The food is great, place is clean, and the staff is SO NICE.  They have a lot of options, vegan, halal, everything.  I got a Beef Knock with chili and about 5 toppings.  It was one of those times that I am glad I am married to my wife and not dating, cause I was all in on that hot dog, and I know it wasn't lookin pretty.  If we were dating, and she saw how I was devouring that hot dog, I might not have gotten another date.  Whenever I am in the area, I will be in there, so look out for the wildman devouring one of those delicious hot dogs.Fantastic hot dogs (according to my husband) and an amazing vegan option!  I had a falafel dog with avocado and hummus, so good!  My husband had the corn dog and a Chicago style beef dog.  You make your own from the menu.  Love this little gem!Finally some vegetarian choices in the world of weenies. This place is delicious. Tons of options and toppings and sides. Only con is that it's cash-only. Great vibe.Awesome people, awesome food, not too expensive. american style halal hot dogs. they are delicious. Also try their regular and sweet french fries. Don't forget, it is cash only!!!I've eaten hot dogs in NYC, Chicago, Detroit, etc... I've had a street dog, coney dog, pinks hollywood, Costco :) and a ton of others. I LOVE HOT DOGS and this was one of the best hot dogs I've ever had! I had the House Special with a Beef Dog and everything on the dog was perfect! Nasir at the register was awesome and I felt at home. I love the fact that there was a Halal option. It's hard for Muslims to find good hot dogs and this was by far one of the best. I loved it!
LOVED IT!!! Masha'Allah :)Holy Crap this place blew our socks off! What good hot dogs! The owners were beyond friendly, you can tell they take pride in every single aspect of their establishment - even down to boxing up our togo order. The staff was friendly and professional and the food seriously was stellar. I also loved that they take into consideration every single dietary restriction I can think of: Vegan, Vegetarian, Kosher, etc. I strongly suggest anyone in the near vicinity to make a trip there.Yes. The staff here were seriously the friendliest anywhere we went. TONS of options - including veggie and vegan - and moderately priced. 
As someone who typically scoffs at hot dogs, I could come here every day of the week and get something different. The boyfriend, a sausage and hot dog kinda man, loved his food. 
The restaurant is clean and appealing. All in all it's a wonderful lunch spot. Don't pass it up if you're in the area.CASH ONLY***
These really are dreamy weenies. As in, the next day, I dreamed of eating them again. You can eat normal, kosher, or halal weenies. After choosing that, you can pick zesty, spicy or regular. There are types of buns to choose from and toppings on toppings on toppings.  If you're overwhelmed by the choices like me, there are combos on the menu that you can choose. I ate the house special ($9.25) which had cheese, chili, diced bell peppers and onions, and weirdly, cream cheese. The cream cheese worked and I can't understand how or why. I won't question the magic. The chilli cheese waffle fries were also amazing. Okay my mouth is watering bye. 
Last thing: the staff was fantastic. The lady behind the counter was so sweet and patient with my "I can never decide on anything ever" self that comes out when it's time to order and a line is developing behind me.New Orleans is an amazing food town. But every city has that one or two items that becomes their signature. Having moved from Chicago three years ago, I found it was not easy to find a really good hot dog here. That is certainly not a criticism. Much the same way that I would not expect to get good Boudin in Chicago, I was okay with not getting the kind of hot dog I had known and loved growing up.
But I'll tell ya, Dreamy Weenies has totally won me over and will now be my go-to spot when I want a good hot dog.
We were greeted as soon as we walked in by a very friendly guy behind the counter who asked if it was our first time at Dreamy Weenies. When we said it was, he promptly handed us menus and proceeded to give us a detailed description of every item, explaining the nuances of the different flavors of each. He seemed to really know his stuff so it should not have been a surprise at all when we found out later he was, in fact, the owner -- a personable and gracious fellow who happily answered our questions and talked frankly (pardon the pun) about how and why he put his menu together.
These are not simply hot dogs. He put a lot of love and care into not only the items on his menu, but also how they are prepared. He makes a conscious effort to keep vegan, vegetarian and meat items strictly quarantined from one another, and he even goes so far as to keep pork and beef items solidly on their own separate turf in the kitchen.
Everything is made in-house, with an impressive list of sides that include hummus and grits, all freshly made. Sweet potato fries are on offer, which is starting to become more common, but nonetheless a treat to find in any hot dog joint.
Chili for your dog can be had in both carnivorous and vegetarian versions and it's quite tasty.
The 2 of us being both die-hard carnivores, we ordered our weenies and selected our toppings. We both opted for the spicy beef franks. Mine was topped as closely as possible with traditional "Chicago style" toppings -- mustard, onions, relish and tomatoes. The owner (I really wish I had gotten his name) said, when we suggested he add celery salt and sport peppers to the list of toppings, that we were not the first to suggest that, and he is considering now including those as well. My friend topped his with chilli, onions and cheese.
While we waited for our dogs, the owner explained his quest for the perfect hot dog bun. And his quest was not in vain. They are baked fresh every day and are light, yet robust.
When our order came up and we dug in, it was exactly what I was hoping for, and exactly the cure I needed for what had become a ravenous desire for a good hot dog. You got a lot for your money here. These dogs are big, juicy and perfectly cooked.
As the owner had explained earlier, the Spicy Beef Frank is not exactly spicy in that "steam coming out of your ears" kind of way. It's just very flavorful and savory. It was definitely that, but I will add it also had the slightest hint of heat that slowly and subtly hits your tongue at just the right moment and in just the right amount.
I can handle the "steam coming out of your ears" type of spicy but I'm also someone who douses everything in Tabasco when I can. The flavorful, mild heat you will find in these Spicy Beef Franks will appeal to those with more delicate constitutions when it comes to spicy and yet also satisfy those, like me, who can handle a bit more heat.
Unfortunately, we only scratched the surface of an impressive menu. However, we will definitely be back. Not just for the great food, friendly staff and over-all great experience we had there -- there are hand-dipped corn dogs on the menu! I gotta try one of those!!!Thank you for making my first trip to DW a very pleasant one. I let the cashier know this was my first time there and she was very helpful in walking me through the menu. The food was good and was delivered to my table quickly. Thank you!Incredibly friendly team of folks putting together incredibly tasty meals, making traditional hot dogs totally out of this world with quality ingedients, delicious meat, super soft and fresh buns and a blizzard of toppings and combos to satisfy any palette. 
The Genchili was amaze. So are the vegan dogs and the red beans and rice.
Hands down one of New Orlean's best restaurants, taking weenies to another level...and the art and ambiance only enhance a very satisfying eating experience.Visited this place 3 times on our 4-day trip to NOLA, it was THAT good. Tons of vegan options (FYI, it's not listed on the menu but they have vegan cheddar cheese AND vegan mayo!).
 I tried the falafel dog, and 2 other vegan dogs and was VERY impressed. Their service is great (super friendly and SO FAST), they price is very good considering how much food you get and the vegan chili rules. Get the seasoned waffle fries and you will be very happy. One of the best vegan options in all of New Orleans.I mentioned before it's cash only. But its worth the vist
Its a small quiet hot dog joint. I was expecting a bar like atmosphere. But i must say, its the opposite of bourbon street & just what i need.  lol i had the turkey corn dog & it was great. I cant wait to go back & visit because their whole menu looks goodI decided to visit Dream Weenies and was happy that I did. I am vegan and it was great to see four different types of vegan dogs on the menu. However it was not great to see that each vegan dog costed $7.25. I was skeptical of going to their location because of the limited chances of finding parking. Visiting Dream Weenies is stress free via Uber, Lyft, Bike or bus travel. The restaurant is quaint in size with a small staff of two people. One working the register and the other cooking the food. The service was not slow. I had the Vegan Kielbasa Genchili Dog. The food is really good with an abundant of topping especially Sauerkraut added onto your dog.The bathroom at this establishment is small and needs to be updated. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.A swell place for omnivores and herbivores to both have options at! I had the vegan andouille dog as I had never had andouille before. It was flavorful and spicy, and I felt like I was tasting something authentically N'Awlins. I had it topped with vegan chili and avocado. The chili for me was seriously lacking amazing-ness, it was void of any flavor. Glad to have the option though, of my dawg being smothered in added fiber and protein. I love plain black beans, but was looking forward to/expecting some tasty N'Awlins chili. 
That being said, I would definitely go back. Lots of options to try and the gentleman who served us was super nice.In addition to having a name that elicits appreciative responses from my female and gay male friends, Dreamy Weenies turns out a solid hot dog. You might, like me, ask yourself "What's so great about a hot dog?", well, at this place, pretty much everything. I had the all beef hot dog with sauerkraut (yes, I'm a minimalist) with waffle fries. The dog was large and of high quality and the kraut was fresh, but what sets this hot dog apart from others is the bun. Not your average packaged hot dog bun, this one is large, soft, fresh and delicious! The waffle fries were good and they gave you plenty of them. I was also able to sample the sweet potato fries and was kinda jealous that I didn't get them. The location is very convenient for me, the place is incredibly clean, and the food is reasonably priced. But what knocks my review to 5 stars is that they were playing brass band music during my visit, always a plus in my humble opinion and I'm looking forward to my next visit.The Falafel dog is awesome and so is their vegan chili.
Way better than dat dog because you get larger portions for your money and there are better vegan options. And I love that they're across the street from Armstrong Park. Super packed and fun for Barkus during Mardi Gras.Great vegan weenie with vegan chili and cole slaw on top with friendly smiling staff. Beats the crappie street dogs hands down. Good waffle fries. Like all places in New Orleans, their to-go stuff is in styrofoam which is horrible for the environment (takes 500 years to degrade). If they had it in a more Eco friendly container, I would have given this place 5 stars. Eat in to avoid the styrofoam.The hot dogs are pricy, but you get what you pay for, so it ends up being worth it. Top quality hot dogs (that just seems so weird to type) that are worth every penny.
They add things to hot dogs here that I have never thought of adding, and it works out brilliantly.
Staff is friendly and will do their best to answer any strange questions that you have.
Now I want another hot dog. Typing this out at 6:30am might have been a mistakeOutstanding vegan hot dogs with a wide array of toppings including a vegan bun. This is our second visit to Dreamie Weanies in the past two days and we are visiting from Miami. Will definitely return! Remember to bring cash as its a cash only restaurant.We had the pothole hot dog with sweet potato fries.  As recommended by another yelp user, we asked for the drizzle with our sweet potato fries.  The meal was amazing!  If u like sweet glaze on your fries, get the drizzle!  Thumbs up!Echoing what most have said: good dogs, sides, toppings, and I thought the vegan bread was excellent. Friendly service as well.I love the zesty beef and the spicy italian sausage hot dogs. The buns are incredible. The chili and grits combo on hot dog sounds odd but try it and you'll be converted.Their vegan chicken hotdog blew me away. They were really good, very reasonable price wise and everyone there is super friendly and helpful. Plus their vegan menu was larger than their meat menu! I will definitely be going back before I go home.Found my way to Dreamy Weenies today for some carbo loading. So this is the Awesome Genchili Dog with Vegan Andouille and Vegan Chili topped with Vegan Cheese, Creole Mix(onions, bell peppers and celery-Nola staple) and Cajun Mustard.  On the side seasoned Waffle fries and Potato Salad. Of course my eyes are always Alice in Wonderland but my stomach is all like "girl u play too much, a few bites and we good". Super amazing food and service from Keyotta.  She's so helpful. Great personality. I will be back soon.Fancy hot dogs and awesome jazz art. Must have sweet potato fries with home made sauce! Don't forget desert and ask for the bean pie. Thanks for a pleasant experience.I love the idea of hot dogs, but the urban legends (you know the ones) make most hot dog experiences far from appetizing.  Coming here has given me a new lease on my hot dog life!  
The shop is very pretty- french quarter feel but so clean and with incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff! Could explain all the vegan verses halal/ kosher options. 
I had the Mande meal with vegan Andouille sausage on a whole wheat bun with spicy mustard, sweet potato fries and self serve drink. 
Everything was excellent. My only regret is the hot dogs are so big that the meal completely filled me up and I didn't get a chance to try the hand dipped corndog!!!Very delicious. I got the pothole and it was a bit dry but super flavorful. I added a dash of ketchup to make up for it :)
***UPDATE*** Very delicious when you get the pothole with BBQ sauce and onions. SO GOOD. Adding those things definitely gets rid of the dryness.i came here and ordered a delicious vegan falafel with avocado and spinach on a vegan bun. this was absolutely amazing and the best vegan meal i had in new orleans. service is warm, polite, and friendly. nice, welcoming atmosphere.Nice place with a great location right on the edge of the French Quarter -I imagine even more popular now with the streetcar running by. The food is tasty and of good size, the staff is very friendly. The menu is a bit pricy since the sides come a la cart but that's not the reason why only 4 stars. I know it sounds like a '1st world problem' but they don't take cards. Sure, have a $10 minimum or what not but but please DO have the option in this age. People trust the whole 'sorry, no cards but there's an ATM in that corner' thing less and less by the day. Plus, the ATM's menu is kinda sketchy, you have to request your balance before you can make a withdrawal. I don't think I'll be back without cash.Loved this place! I felt like we knew the person working the register for years!! The hot dogs were so much fun to eat and try. I tried the hot dog with grits! These hot dog are huge and the bread is not tour ordinary hot dog buns. They have fresh made bread daily for these hot dog sandwiches!  Yummy!  I would love to come back and try some more!Amazing vegan hotdogs and vegan potato salad!As someone who doesn't eat hot dogs but misses the experience of eating hot dogs -- the vegan options are awesome! They also have several to choose from like andouille and kielbasa. And my favorite - corndogs! Lots of toppings to select as well. The vegan hot dog was a little on the dry side but as far as meat substitutes go, it wasn't bad. Oh and the hot dogs are big and filling. 
Love that this place caters to vegans and non-vegans alike because when traveling to NOLA in a group, you often need to compromise on restaurant choices.I've been here three times now, and will be coming back regularly--the ambiance is fantastic, clean, light and airy. The staff and owners are lovely and aim to please..and the hotdogs are INCREDIBLE. I've tried three different ones, and still can't choose which one was the best as they are all so fresh, tasty and bursting with flavor. I absolutely love the vegan chili, and vegetarian options too!You would think more exotic hot dogs are a bit much. Like really, I like a plain hot dog, but I was wrong.  Oh so wrong.  We were on vacation so I can't remember what we got, but I remember it was super freakin tasty. And it's halal!I tumbled upon this place to get cash from their ATM and ended up staying for lunch. My girlfriend and I weren't even hungry but boy, when we saw the vegan options! I am a vegetarian but it's so rare anywhere to find hot dogs for my kind. These are big dogs and superbly done. Seasoned waffle fries were just as excellent so make sure you order those. Staff is super friendly and ready to answer all questions. Love that they take pride in their no mixing pots!! Big THANK YOU for that.Seriously this place is amazing. Seasoned waffle fries for sure, red beans and rice are great, their curry sauce is delicious, and you can fully get a fresh vegetarian corn dog here. Just remember it's cash only, but they have an ATM on site!Love this place! It's a quick walk from our house so we are regulars! I like them a lot better than the other popular specialty hot dog shops.This place is pretty much on the other side of the French Quarter near the Armstrong park. If this place was located in the middle of the French Quarter it would most likely be impossible to get a hot dog from them. This is no ordinary dog. They cater to everyone and the vegan options for dogs are insane. The vegan bun was like biting a cloud and it was surveyed with my favorite waffle fries. The hot dogs were huge! Huge I tell you!  They had vegan options for dogs like falafel dog or vegan Kalbasa which I got the 2nd day when we went back hahaha. Congrats Dreamy Weanies you got us to come back a 2nd time during our 3 day stay in New Orleans. Your Weanies are truthfully dreamy!Nasr and all the staff are some of the friendliest folks in town, and you will love their 7-inch all-beef dogs (I had my usual, NY style with mustard and onions), a complete meal.
The dining room is immaculate, with a TV for watching sports while they can play New Orleans jazz. Dreamy puts Dat Dog to shame! Highly recommended.Let's start this off by saying I am not a hot dog person.  This place really hit the spot, not the 2am limited options spot, but the 5pm meal and 11am again the next morning spot. High quality Halal, kosher, and vegan options galore. Such a unique place that needs to open in Houston.
This place is pricier, but its French Quarter and they use fresh and quality ingredients, even for hot dogs if one can do such a thing.
The place isn't too far a walk from FQ and is very clean.  Staff is friendly and the owner, Nasr is really great.  
I got the beef with chili on top and some Cajun seasoning.  It was loaded with stuff and cooked to a perfect juicy with a tiny crisp.  These things are giant, so my wife and I shared.
The seasoned fries were delicious as well and I'm not usually a waffle fry person.  I didn't like the sweet potato fries as they seemed burnt in a strange way.  
The vegetarian red beans and rice was pretty good. Very happy to try some since it's hard to find a veggie version. I wish it had more rice, but it was really good. Hit the spot on the drive home.
I also liked that they had fresh brewed hibiscus iced tea and clean restrooms.
Cash only - atm inside. Still worth it
Definitely worth it. Very unique. Quality. Please open this in HoustonDate night started here with the plan of going to Tonique afterward.  Let me tell ya it was the perfect plan.   
I ordered the Arabi dog which is a beef frank with curry sauce.  YUM!!!!  The curry sauce is seasoned perfectly.  It's not too bold nor too light in flavor.  Very good balance.  My date ordered the veggie dog with traditional toppings.  I didn't get a taste of his but he said it was wonderful.  We shared an order of sweet potato fries.  These are prolly THE best sweet potato fries I've ever had and that's saying a lot.  I ate the entire dog with the exception of the extra bread that hung off one side, but that's just my thing.  We polished the meal off relatively quickly.  
The server was cheerful.  The place if colorful and cheerful.  Although there's a statue of Satchmo that kept catching the corner of my eye and freaked me  out a tad.  It had a good mix of patrons.  I like that they serve only Zapp's keeping it local.  The food came out relatively fast.  
I see some people say the dogs are comp to Dat Dog, but my dog seemed much longer.  They do dress them the same though.  Maybe I'll do a comparison one weekend.  
Starting here it coat the tummy before a night of cocktails with THE perfect plan.  WE stayed out pretty late.  I didn't get wasted drunk and had no hangover in the morning.  I give Dreamy Weenie's full credit for this!  I'll def be going back.Hell yes.  Hands down one of the best hot dogs I ever had.  I had the Satchmo with the zesty beef frank and red beans and rice on it.  My husband had their House special with the zesty beef frank.  The buns are homemade and soft- which I prefer, and I was able to cut it into portions for eating without everything falling apart.  We also had the waffle fries with chili, and they have Barq's red cream soda.  If we ever go to NOLA again, this is definitely worth another visit.Lots of veggie and vegan options. Amazing variety of toppings. 
Eldest daughter said it was the best thing she's eaten in NOLA. 
I had the zest I beef chili dog covered with delicious grits (the higgy) ...brilliant!LOVED this place!! As a vegan I rarely get to have a really good hot dog and especially after seeing Lucky Dogs all over New Orleans plus andouille sausage everywhere I was really wishing I could have that flavor. Lucky for me, there is Dreamy Weenies!!
We got the andouille with the creole toppings and we got the Kielbasa with sauerkraut and mustard. Although both were excellent choices, I preferred the andouille dog. Nice flavor and texture. Not juicy but still a nice hearty dog. Super delicious and fulfills a craving.Excellent experience here!  My partner and I are vegan and were super psyched to learn we could get vegan hot dogs in New Orleans!  Even better - they are cooked completely separately from any meat.  The manager said they even use completely different utensils!
The cashier was new, but very sweet.  I ordered the falafel dog and didn't realize until the food came out that the tzatziki wasn't vegan.  I didn't think about asking at the time and because the poor guy was new, he didn't think of it either.  The manager was SOOOO nice and I had a whole new meal in no time!  We'll definitely be back here the next time we're in town.Great to have more food choices on Rampart. This new place is next to the hardware store and the dogs are mighty fine. I got a sauerkraut and mustard spicy beef dog on delicious bun. I'm not sure what kind of bun it was, it wasn't traditional, was very fresh, and had a hint of sweetness to it which complimented the dog perfectly. I had the very fresh red beans and rice as a side. 
All was very tasty. They are working on taking credit cards but it's cash only (with a $.99 ATM) for now. Definitely stop in and support this place as there's not nearly enough casual dining in this part of the FQ. 
Hurray for Dreamy Weenies!So much yes. 
Being from out of town it can be a bit daunting to find substantial vegetarian options in a city like New Orleans. This was the perfect option and probably the best meal of our trip. The guy at the front was awesomely nice and incredibly helpful. He told me his favorite dog was the Satchmo (a dog covered in red beans and rice). I took hos advice and I definitely don't regret it. I had it on top of the vegan kielbasa and it was amaaazing! I could barely finish it because it was so huge, but I forced my way through it because I didn't want to waste a bite. My boyfriend got the vegan chicken dog topped with vegan chili and it was equally delicious. We will definitely come to dreamy weenies the next time we're in nola!So happy we found this place.  Great place for vegans and vegetarians.   The staff went so far as to point out a brand of chips they carried had a milk additive.   Plenty of stuff here for omnivores too!  Very clean.  They only take cash but they have an atm on site.  Lots of choices.  You won't be disappointed!I absolutely love this place! Everyone there is awesome. What's even more awesome are the vegetarian choices! I love the Garden District and I had another recently that was new... the vegetarian one.. party in the frikin mouth! I would have gotten another one but... well, I was full and I knew it would end up sticking to my hips. ;)
Go! Be adventurous with the toppings too!This place blew me away on my trip to NOLA. Amazing carnivorous hot dogs and even more amazing selections of vegetarian and vegan proteins. The staff/owners gave great suggestions for Halal and Kosher options as well. It was super cute inside and just as clean. The staff/owners were up beat and fun! I can't wait to come back!!!I had the genchili and my girlfriend had the satchmo and we really loved it. The customer service is perfect and the sweet tea is great.Great hotdogs, quality vegan options, wonderful experience all around! The andouille hotdog is the best! With alittle relish and chipotle sauce, it makes a great creole New Orleans hot dog, vegan style! A++A great find! Very good quality food. A real bang for the buck. The vegan chilli is so delicious.  A definite must try. My husband had the beef hot dog and was really impressed. They bake their own buns too! I will definitely come back when I'm in New Orleans. I've been to other restaurants around the area that were really pricey and okay.  This place is great! You'll leave full and happy. The young lady behind the counter was so friendly and helpful.Great place. A wide variety of hot dogs and toppings. I had the knockwurst with mustard and sauerkraut. My wide had the vegan andoiuoue on whole wheat.  Not the cheapest place. $6+ for a dog but it is a quarter pound so one should do.  Sides are really good as well.We went to NO for the first time, ate at a dozen restaurants and this was my favorite. The place was clean and bright, the guy behind the counter was amazing - full of enthusiasm and helpful info, and the food was good, too. I've been vegetarian now for 6 months and am working towards vegan. I thought my days of hot dogs were over but the vegan kielbasa was almost perfection. Not quite the right texture, but a good taste. I can only hope that something like this comes to Austin soon. We got the sweet potato fries but they weren't anything special.  Come for the hot dogs and to support a great concept. If I visit New Orleans again I will be back, Dreamy Weenies.We were looking for vegan options in NO and visited this spot. The staff was great.  There were so many options including the vegan bun and vegan potato salad!I too have tasted veggie dogs for 30 years and this in the Top 3 nationwide.  Bun was fantastic and different. The Italian veggie dog was nicely spiced.  Wasn't as juicy as I hoped but was still excellent. A well made dog garnished just right. A little expensive but I was ok with that.
The service was fantastic! I don't know the woman's name but she was awesome and super friendly. I'm visiting from out of town for Jazz Fest but may try to make it back again tomorrow...We walked all the way over to the end of the French quarter in almost 100 degree heat with humidity to try this place since I book marked it on my yelp profile, to a disappointment.
It was over $25 for my husband and I to get lunch and the highlight was the waffle fries, everything else, I could have done without. 
We ordered the kosher beef with chili cheese (Pot Hole) that the chili was decent but the hot dog itself wasn't good at all, almost had no flavor and I would have had a better experience if I just added the chili and cheese to the fries, that would pretty good. They also didn't have plain sweet tea, it had some type of fruity flavor to it, but on the container, didn't say anything about having other flavors in it, kinda deceptive and disappointing.
For $25, I hoped for more, street hot dogs are better and cheaper.
Staff was friendly and waffle fries were the only positives, but weren't good enough to walk to that part of the city, in the summer heatWhat a great place to have a nice hot dog! This was suggested by another vegan place while on vacation in New Orleans. I had the Andouille hot dog and my husband had the gumbo vegan hotdog! we were in foodie heaven. The flavor for both dogs were out of this world!
Entering in to this vegan meals has been quite the experience, and very pleasant. 
The restaurant was impeccably clean and so was the bathroom, a very friendly and informative staff as well as great art in the walls and for purchase.
Please stop by here if your in town for a healthy delishs meal.So good! The draw is the halal and kosher meats but other than that it is a variety of local food toppings, extras and meats. It's really about what you make of all that! With all the dog places popping up, I think this a staple of just a good ole fashioned hot dog, nothing fancy.I LOVE DREAMY WEENIES! 
My boyfriend and I ate here for our 4 year anniversary for the first time and they gave us a complimentary slice of bean pie! AMAZING. I posted a picture of it on here it was that good. I got the Genchili and it was so perfect. Also ask for THE DRIZZLE because its not on the menu and your sweet potato  fries will thank you. I'm not vegan and I loved the vegan chili on my dog.Totally stumbled upon this place, and I am so glad we did. Originally, we had stopped in here for the free wifi...and grabbed a bite to eat. Let me say, me and my boyfriend still talk about how delicious it was. Reasonably priced, and you will definitely go back for seconds. Plus, it's across the street from Louis Armstrong park. All in all, it was a delightful place and unassuming. I will definitely be back.Vegan options galore!!! I got the kielbasa with vegan chili, krout and creol mix. Unbelievable. The staff was super friendly tooHad to come back for the hand dipped corn dog. HOT DOG I am glad I  did. couldn't resist ordering the sweet potato fries again!! Buns are baked daily and all sides are made in house and it is evident in the taste.