This place is a jewel! The Crispy Duck entree is incredible!!! All the flavors on the plate came together is the most magically delicious way. And the charred cabbage blew the minds of everyone at the table. I loved the atmosphere & service too! Can't wait to try the brunch.We arrived right at opening and noticed an odd smell in the restaurant. I can't put my finger on it, but it was almost a turn off. I'll have to admit I was disappointed with the food. The menu sounded delicious, but the execution wasn't there. The gumbo was made with a dark roux and it tasted just like it looked...dark and terrible. The fried cornbread was just okay. I had the Oak St Breakfast for my entree. The grits and eggs were good, but I could have made them at home. The biscuit was cold and I had to request a warm one. The bacon was room temperature and I didn't really like the pepper jelly on it. It was just there and it seemed like the cook missed a step. I could tell it was a good piece of bacon and would have been fine on  its own. The bottomless mimosas were good and probably the highlight of my meal. Overall, I wasn't impressed. There are much better options in the area.As you first walk in you notice the peat moss hanging from the chandeliers, and the gator skin booth seats.  I love the attention to detail. The first food item to come out was the tuna tartar, and the presentation was impeccable.  And it was some of the best I've ever had.  And the St Louis style ribs my goodness!. Me and my lady also had an assortment of little oyster plates,  all of which did not disappoint.  One of my favorite places in all of new Orleans already. And it's top quality food at a very affordable price. My good friend Alicia is a chef here, and as always here food does not disappoint. Not to mention she also made the bangin Playlist playing in the background. If you are visiting out of town, please do yourself a favor and check this place out.  This place is fantastic!The fried cornbread and the duck confit are fantastic! DTB's take on the cornbread is interesting, but definitely delicious. We had to order two orders. It is a combination of sweet, savory, and some tang. The duck confit is one of my favorite dishes in New Orleans. The skin is crispy and the meat is juicy and tender. 
Furthermore, the service is stellar and the ambiance is elegant and fun. I always enjoy my dining experience when I come to DTB. Make sure to have a reservation for the weekend, as this restaurant gets very busy! DTB is definitely one of my go to restaurants for tasty/upscale food. They don't fail to impress!Amazing food. Very tasty cocktails. Attentive and very polite waitstaff. This was an incredible dining experience and I would go back in a heartbeat.I had been waiting to try DTB and tonight was the perfect time with a visitor from Oregon straight from the airport and his first night of his very first visit to New Orleans. I am a native New Orleanian and a chef and I was so proud to show off DTB.The gumbo was amazing to start. He had the 48 hour short ribs with grits and I had the hog jowls with an amazing slaw, we shared roasted cauliflower and the Brussels sprouts and finished with the peach, pot de creme. It was all complex, flawless and beautifully presented. This is food to be savoured! The decor and lighting is beautifully designed and the service was thoughtful and attentive.One of the best new restaurants I've been to in the city. Really cool decor, and great background music. The cornbread, charred cabbage and gnocchi are all excellent. Great addition to Oak StreetThere are a few items that are definitely favorites! We went with a party of 6 for Sunday Brunch. Everyone had an appetite but we started off with a Mimosa. Definitely my least favorite. 
For our small plates we had a variety. Mushroom Boudin Balls, Crabmeat Toast, and Fried Cornbread. The crabmeat toast was the best of the three. The waiter recommended mushroom Boudin Balls because that's what was normally seen on social media. 
The waiter recommended the Crawfish Pie Benedict but that was my least favorite. The brisket was our last dish but by far the best in taste. The brisket had a little vinaigrette taste which complimented the the usually dull brisket flavors. We also had the Fried Chicken Biscuit....this was definitely a must try! The Crispy Oyster Croque Madame was a disappointment all around.
DTB is a good place to try. We have several dishes and all were mediocre to good. Couldn't go wrong with any of the dishes.Had been hearing about this place and finally decided to give it a try one rainy Sunday afternoon. Brunch is my favorite so I'm always open to checking out new spots. Upon entering everyone was friendly. The restaurant is really cute and laid back. It wasn't very packed when we arrived either(no wait).Our server was also very nice and patient. The food all looked good, but I felt like the menu was a bit overpriced. I decided to go with the hot sausage omelette. My friend got the oak st breakfast. The omelette was good, flavorful. The potatoes were amazing and you could really taste the crab boil!! I think they were my favorite part of the meal. My friend said her breakfast was good, the bacon had a hint of pepper jelly, it was different. What really got me was the 9 dollar mimosa. My friend paid 17 bucks for a glass of wine! That's just insane to me. I walked across the street after and the mimosas were 5 bucks. I think that's why the 9 dollars for a mimosa was just ridiculous. Just saying. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back for dinner, but the prices could seriously go down a bit.My husband and I ordered from the coolinary menu and every item was a disappointment. The best thing we had was the warm chocolate cake; the blanc de blanc I had was delicious and the service was very good. I had been for brunch and was neither overly impressed nor disappointed, but I doubt I'll be back for dinner :(The appetizers were outstanding. The bar had a great selection of local beers and the bartenders were super friendly!We had one of the BEST dinner and overall experiences with our dinner group tonight at DTB. Our cocktails (salt water) started the night off with high expectations. Our appetizers - gumbo, beet salad, wings, cornbread were all excellent. Then our main courses did not disappoint - Louisiana rice bowl was perfect. The best part was the staff and chefs accommodation for my dairy allergy. Our group loves the music playing - we wanted a copy of their playlist! We will definitely be back.The bottomless mimosas we're on point. Food was excellent. I had a fried chicken biscuit that was juicy and well prepared. The brisket hamburger was very tender and juicy. Definitely a good spot to have brunch and a quick Buzz.David and Christian provided a superb, welcoming experience matched by the kitchen's creative, delicious food, specializing in locally-sourced ingredients. Hoping this doesn't seem pretentious since DTB has a casual, comfortable vibe that lends itself to warm conversation and relaxation over drinks and fabulous desserts. Standout entrees include redfish and crawfish agnolotti but that's only because that's what we ordered. Other menu items appear equally promising and we look forward to sampling all on future visits.Great restaurant and decor. The Brown Butter Old Fashion is amazing. The food was extremely good also.Just tried this new place down the street from me and was blown away.  I am literally going back tomorrow to try more.  The atmosphere is lively and beautiful, and it's in a great area to grab a drink in after, too.  The ribs are everything!! They also have some lighter options, which is really nice for a place like this.  Also, I noticed that the staff is not only really friendly but also attractive, which just adds a little something, you know?  If you're looking for a new spot, this is it!So this was my second time coming here.  The first time was for brunch and I thought it was a tad bit pricey. Second time I came here was for dinner. Upon entering the hostess was very nice and we were seated within  a few minutes. The decor here is just so cute! It was a Tuesday evening. It was not too crowded but they had a nice little crowd. For appetizers we got the Mushroom Boudin Balls, the Fried Cornbread, the Beet salad(seasonal), and the Crispy Gulf Oysters. It was all amazing! Never did I ever think that I would like the beet salad but the flavors were on point! So happy I decided to give it a try. The owner said that they like to bring in seasonal dishes and switch it up. I think My fav was the fried cornbread (Must try!!) and the Crispy Gulf Oysters! For dinner, my sister ordered the 48 Hour Short Rib which was so flavorful and just coming off the bone, she also got the french fries which were amazing as well and they came with the dill/ranch type of sauce, my mother ordered the Pork Chop (which was huge by the way) so many different flavors, and lastly I ordered the Louisiana Rice bowl (DEF my fav), the best part was that the shrimps still have the ends so they even bring you a small bowl for them. When the Waitress, Keera brought it out it kind of scared me because I was not trying to peel my dinner, but when it came it was def nothing to be scared of lol! Such a nice  touch so that stuff is not on your actual food plate! I go out to eat a lot so the little things are what matter to me.  Then Finally dessert time came. We split the Warm Chocolate Brownie, and the Ice cream Sandwich . Trust me... you want the Ice cream sandwich, you won't regret it!! The Brownie almost tasted too much like coffee, which is not my thing, but if you're into that go for it. Overall the restaurant is beautiful, noise level is okay, service was amazing!!! So amazing that I even bought a gift card! The dinner prices are much reasonable, our waitress Keera was simply amazing and very attentive! We were never without a drink and she was always around even if she had other tables. If you go eat here you should ask for her! I def want to come back for happy hour!Food was wonderful if a little pricey but so worth it. I don't usually drop $100 for 3 people for breakfast
But am still planning on returning.You had me at vegan boudin balls. Great food, service and ambience! Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.Took advantage of DTB's Coolinary Month (two-course lunch for $20) on 10 August. No skimping on food or taste here with this promotional menu. My wife had LA 1 Gumbo with collards and crab fat potato salad as an appy and Cornmeal Fried Catfish on Brioche with peppermash, cole slaw, and potato salad. I had the Cornbread appy with ham hock marmalade, goat cheese and jalapeno. My luch entree was a Fried Oyster Remoulade with frisee, arugula, and pecan granola.  Fantastic tastes and flavors. Expert, service provided by Katelyn.
Enjoyed lunch so much we went back another day for the regular menu at dinner.First time at DTB for brunch and I can assure you it won't be the last...from the fresh and unique environment thru the menu selections and prompt professional service, this place is  a winner. The extra crispy pepper jelly bacon is truly addictive. Cant wait to return for dinner. Hats off to this exceptional 5 star culinary experience.we had a great experience for happy hour...the deep fried cornbread was the star, the fried eggplant was great as was the andouille pate. drink special was lovely and service was great so glad we wandered in.Checked this place out for their August COOLinary menu and was impressed by the fare - the fried cornbread with goat cheese and pork marmalade was definitely the best dish and the andouille pâté as a stand-alone was delicious, but pretty much everything else was just good. (Except for the remoulade dressing on the chopped salad, which was perfect, but had to chop the salad myself.) The service was good.
I'm only giving it a 4/5 because they messed up some really easy stuff...the pork rinds were served a little chilly, and with that kind of thing it really makes a difference because they become very hard and unpleasant to eat if not warm. Additionally, the bread that the black garlic was served on was stale and had also not been warmed. Finally, I was intrigued by the Magnolia cocktail - gin, magnolia essence, citrus, and champagne - but I could only taste the champagne and none of the other flavors, which was disappointing. 
I'll be coming back sometime for their brunch menu, but overall I was less impressed than I thought I would be.I'll make this short & sweet - the food was delicious! Wanted some authentic cajun/creole food and decided on DTB based on past reviews & ratings.
Started with the Mushroom boudin bites, nice & crispy with a soft, spicy middle. Should have ordered another round of these as we split them amongst 3 of us. Also tried the deep fried cornbread, this is an absolute slam dunk. Little slice of jalapeño on top, some other toppings & sauces with it and it was absolutely delicious. A perfect blend of sweet & savory, with a bit of a kick - these also disappeared quickly. Last starter we had was the gumbo, and it didn't go down as easy for me. I must not have had authentic gumbo before, was a really dark gumbo and I didn't love it. There was some good spice to it, but it didn't grab me like the other 2 starters.
For the entree I had the Louisiana rice bowl and it was amazing. 5-6 massive shrimp lined the bowl full of rice, and the slaw on top was incredible. It was topped off with an egg in the middle, adding some nice moisture and flavor to the dish. The food is a bit pricey, but the taste is there and I was thoroughly satisfied.Went in for Mothers Day Brunch. Crawfish Pie Benedict was on point. Highly recommendedSo unique! Loved everything, we had charred cabbage, cauliflower rillete, pickled shrimp and squash blossoms. And as good as the food was the cocktails were out of this world!! We tried the saltwater, down the bayou and window on the box. A-Maze-Ing. Would definitely and plan to recommend to everyone I know. Service was great took :).Went for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  Had a fantastic time.  We ordered almost everything on the menu.  Loved it all.  Bobby was our server. Extremely knowledgeable and on point.  The cocktails were well crafted and very tasty.Great new place on Oak. Boudin balls and oyster toast was great. And the fries were very uniquely seasoned (in a good way!). Will definitely be back.Excellent take on traditional Cajun dishes.  For example instead of a traditional potato salad they had a deconstructed potato salad where they had potatoes separated from deviled eggs as a side accompanying corn fried catfish.  It was a delicious plate.  We also had grilled red fish on a bed of green Chard with diced andouille in it.  We had a couple of bowls of gumbo - very hearty and flavorful and different from the usual gumbos served in the restaurants of the French Quarter.  The side plates were exquisite and very flavorful also.  We had grilled Brussels sprouts, grilled cabbage and even the cucumber salad was very tasty.  After all of this we had no room for dessert but I am sure that would have been good too.  The atmosphere inside was great.  Open kitchen where you can watch the food come out and nice Cajun touches like alligator skin patterns on the seatbacks and Spanish moss look on the chandeliers.  Very modern looking kitchen accompanied these Cajun throwbacks.  All in all a great dining experience as they take traditional Cajun faire and make some gourmet dishes out of them.beautiful place, excellent service, delicious food. my fav was the dessert deconstructed peach thing! lolI've had brunch here twice now and both times have been excellent. The staff is friendly, informative, attentive, and well trained. The food is absolutely delicious, eclectic, well flavored without being overpowering, and varied enough to accommodate different tastes. The brunch cocktails are also very good, the Bloody Mary has a nice kick, and their version of an Old Fashioned was on the sweet side. I look forward to trying them for dinner, because I will definitely be back.After being wowed by this new restaurant at a Yelp event, I went back for an early dinner on a Monday night... and by the time we left the place was pretty crowded...on a Monday in July!
I shared a bunch of small plates with my friend and they were all delicious and then I thought I might explode. I had the Fogerty cocktail with bourbon and peaches, very tasty and tart! My friend had the brown butter old fashioned (which I had sampled the last time) and thought it was as delicious as I did.
We shared the oyster gratin, the pickled shrimp (and they offered bread in addition to the pork rinds...or even crudite), roasted asparagus, and the cucumber salad. The cucumber salad was summer in a bowl, simple and delicious and the cucumbers were perfectly cut to absorb maximum dressing. The pickled shrimp were amazing and the white bean hummus was great. Honestly it was all good.
AND then we were stuffed and the server told us that the dessert special (now on the regular menu) was a pots de creme made with cane syrup. Oh yummmy
Service was great and the location is lovely.This was the second time I've been. The food tasted mediocre. They may have a different chef. Definitely a change from when they first opened.Thank you DTB for a wonderful dinner.  Jordan was a welcoming and polished server.  I really enjoyed his recommendations, (crab claws and red snapper). The atmosphere is cozy.  The designer really deserves a high five. Tasteful touches of Louisiana from the light fixtures to the boudin balls. You have to try the ice cream sandwich!Well. That was certainly expensive, and disappointing. This restaurant is wildly uneven. 
The service is good enough, the space is pretty and not loud, despite the concrete floor. They've taken some great care to put in unobtrusive sound deadening. More restaurants would do well to follow this example.
But the food. Hmmm....well we started off well enough with the andouille pate (an odd idea that works), as well as cornmeal gnocchi that were boiled and then fried (ala pierogi) and were quite delicious. The chopped salad was well dressed with homemade ranch dressing and "toasted cheddar" which looked like bonito flakes. Very nice.
So far so good. Then we got to the mains. Uh oh.
My main course was supposed to be a short rib cooked for 48 hours. It sure looked and tasted like brisket to me. And it was one of the weirdest combinations I've ever seen. The "fermented pepper jelly" was an unappealing bright orange color I usually associate with bad Chinese sweet and sour. Unfortunately it tasted that way too. One note of SWEET on a plate with other things that seemed utterly random. The sweet sauce obliterated everything else. The grits were tasty but, again, the sweet sauce just ruined everything. And if that meat was cooked 48 hours, I'll eat my hat. This dish would've been more successful with pork. Beef and sweet? No. And $28. Wow.
The rest of the mains were OK, the LA Rice Bowl was not really a bowl, but a plate. My husband liked it well enough, but for $28 it was off balance and the portion was miserly.
I would not go back here. The food was overpriced and so random. I'd much rather spend my money elsewhere.Had brunch on a Monday, the Oak Street breakfast.  It was delicious.  The wait staff was friendly and efficient.Damn good creative food. I never get tired of going here. Do yourself a favor and let them order for you. Your taste buds are in for a good time!Clean modern restaurant on a street with an old vintage-y feel.  Food was great with lots of flavor...a little on the saltier side though.  Unique dishes that still taste good...unlike some places that seem like they're trying too hard.  Went with the Coolinary menu.  The main courses, short ribs & Louisiana bowl, were the highlights of the night.  Desserts were just right and the cheesecake & peaches was unexpectedly delicious.  Service was good...not super friendly but polite and food came out very quickly.  Server allowed us to order drinks from the HH menu even though we were sitting in the dining area so we were happy about that.  Heard great things about the brunch and HH menu seems decent...looking forward to going back.Been a couple times and both were solid! Oysters gratin is a great app. I know people rave about the fried cornbread, but I just didn't get that excited about them. The Louisiana rice bowl and cornmeal gnocchi are my fave entrees. They have a blackberry trifle that is top 5 best things I've ever had (see pic). Perfect light and sweet dessert to end a decadent meal. Oh and skip the wine, get a cocktail! Their cocktails are delicious!Really nicely decorated venue, impeccable service and interesting menu.  The dishes are all "small plates" so you wind up needing to order 2 to make a satisfactory "meal" for yourself.  My lunch date had the fritata and the boudin.  The fritata was served in a cute skillet, but looked difficult to manuever and eat out of.  The boudin balls were a good version and served with an interesting smeared dip.  I had the cucumber salad and I appreciated having a "healthy" option on the menu, along with the lump crabmeat salad with brie that was served on top of a bun of some kind.  The crabmeat was delicious and the lump pieces were perfection.  I wish that the cucumber salad had an option to add a protein to it to make it a meal and I dislike that the table is bare of condiments like salt & pepper.  This restaurant is definitely a classy addition to Oak Street.First I want to bring out the problem! I'm not sure if it is problem with yelp or the restaurant for the name does not come up in search. Regardless, DTB doesn't need Yelp to be successful as this is a great restaurant. One does not even have eat or drink at DTB to feel good. Just walk in, you are already uplifted. Obviously, the people who designed this restaurant understood psychology of architecture. Staff is well trained, friendly, competent and punctual. Cocktails are very innovative and tasty, and there are good choices of beers and other beverages. We had charbroiled oyster gratin, chopped salad and the ribs. All very good. Want to go back soon.First time here and everything was so so good. The service, the atmosphere, the food, the music, everything was so great. We ordered mushroom boudin balls, which was delicious, but the real star was the fried cornbread, which were the lightest and fluffiest pieces of cornbread ever with the perfect amount of creamy goat cheese.  I ordered the grilled red fish, which was cooked perfectly and the creamed corn on the side was the tastiest ever. Thanks for the great dinner experience!Good spot for dinner uptown off of Oak, however the food has been hit or miss the last couple of times my wife and I have eaten. I will say the ambiance has improved drastically since their opening. We will go backAn instant favorite from day one; I've been a few times already. Get the cornbread. Get the boudin. Get the asparagus salad. Actually get whatever looks good to you because it's ALL delicious. And save room for desert.Went here for dinner with wife, daughter and son-in-law. 
Let me begin by saying I'm not a fancy food type of guy so I didn't understand a lot of things that were on the menu. Thanks to my daughter I got the definition of many of the ingredients without looking in a dictionary and acting ignorant by asking the server. Which brings me to the server.
I'm a friendly type of guy who likes to joke with servers. The young lady who was unfortunate enough to draw our table fell right in line. I started off by noticing her glasses and asking questions about them. That went on to questions about where she was from to how long had she worked there to what the little symbol on the menu stood for, etc. It came to be that she knew I would have another question each time she came to check on us but she joked right back which made for a very entertaining and fun filled experience.
We all really liked her even though she was from Texas. Ha-Ha.
As for the food everyone commented on how they liked each dish which was shared except for the entree.
The mushroom boudin balls were ok but not like the boudin balls we are accustomed to in SWLA. I had the Louisiana rice bowl which was ok. I don't like trying to peel the head and tail off of shrimp in a restaurant which could lead to shrimp juice all over a good shirt. I like my food ready to eat when they serve it.
Everyone enjoyed their food as well as their drinks and desserts. I didn't order dessert since I am diabetic and didn't see anything I would cheat for. I did have a french pressed coffee which was very strong and delicious. I paid the price for drinking it by not falling asleep until 2:30AM.
All in all I probably would not go back unless it was a very special occasion due to the price. Or maybe to visit with Ralph.First time around the area and I heard about this place by a close family friend and decided why not. The second you walk into this restaurant, you can smell the delicious food and you're greeted with a warm welcome. And then on to the food, it is a something I've never had before. A great mixture of seafood and delicious meats, and most definitely worth going back for.Can't go wrong with anything here.
Thoroughly enjoyed the Cacio e Pepe, Oyster Au Gratin(smoked oysters), Crispy Duck, Tuna Tataki, and Smothered Brussels. We went with a few people and ordered just about everything on the menu. Friendly and quick bar and wait staff keeping your tables clean and glasses full. I will definitely be back soon.This was a nice little surprise.  We intended to go to another place down the street and decided to go here instead.  Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu that was very helpful!  The vegan mushroom boudin balls were delicious!  As was the fried cornbread with the accompanying dollops of flavor party in my mouth.  The oyster gratin was honestly not that visually appealing when it came out but extremely tasty.   Would definitely go back.  It was immaculately clean and very friendly.OMG!!!! What an incredible array of delicious dishes, and a wonderful, well trained staff. I was visiting New Orleans for a conference with my wife and she convinced me to visit this restaurant along with another friend of ours. Everything from walking in the door to walking out after a wonderful course of dinner was outstanding. 
We ate through the appetizers (Known there as "Sociables), thinking we'd be satisfied with just a light meal. After devouring every single piece of these delicious apps that were placed in front of us, we decided if the apps were so good and filling, we needed to taste the dinner as well.
Again, OMG. I'm a very picky eater who won't even eat vegetables. DTB had me cleaning everything on my plate. What an experience. I would recommend this place to anyone who is visiting the area. You can't go wrong on this place. It's getting the high priced food and service you'd pay at some big name restaurant for a whole lot less.This is literally exactly what I wanted tonight. Leaving tomorrow and wanted solid, non touristy but authentically Louisiana style food. Experimental in a great way, we loved everything we got: fried cornbread, gumbo, grits, crispy oysters, and gnocchi. Fabulous food with a great local beer selection.Popped in to buy a gift card and grabbed a couple of drinks and apps.  We had our kids with us and it's not the most kid friendly place HOWEVER our server bent over backwards to accommodate our kids including getting a just lettuce salad and toasting special croutons for our 3 year old.   We will definitely come back without kids.  Try the corn bread balls they were amazing.Hip fashionable Brooklyn-meets-Cajun-style restaurant. 
Cajun southern cooking with a modern twist in a modern spacious and clean environment. 
My favorite dish of the entire NOLA trip was the Fried Oyster Croque Madame. Imagine crispy fried oysters, fried egg on a crunchy open face sandwich. Butter, ham, and cheese too. Simply amazing. Not for calorie counters as this one is off the charts in fat and calories. 
The other dish was a fried chicken sandwich. I wasn't a big fan of that. The chicken was dry. Maybe that's the Cajun style? I dunno but I've had better southern fried chicken back in NYC. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't outstanding. 
There are only 2 restaurants I'd come back to if I can to NOLA again. This is one of them. 
Recommended highly.I was promptly concerned upon arriving at 8 PM on a Friday night and the restaurant being almost empty.  Those concerns were validated upon receiving my redfish which had not been fried, but petrified.  Barely edible.  The "greens" were the weirdest mix of nasty plants I'd ever tasted.  The strawberry whiskey drink and inside ambience were good though and bring the review to a two star instead of one star.PO-BOY FEST REVIEW... this was hands down the worst po-boy I've ever had. I walked all of Oak St. looking at the festival menus and thought this would be my favorite. I got the fried oyster with ham hock, goat cheese and greens. It was $10 for the smallest po-boy on the street. No oysters, no greens, just some mush on very dry, crumbly bread. Couldn't even eat the bread. I went back and told them it had no oysters. They gave me another and the oysters were rock hard and bread still too hard to eat. Complete rip off for $10. Based on my po-boy at the festival, I wouldn't try this restaurant. Plenty of other great po-boys out here, and for $10... everyone else does a full size. This was definitely the worst po-boy I've had in 20 years of living in New Orleans. If you're out here, save yourself and go get the Cochon po-boy from Walkers BBQ. They have a $5 size that's twice the size of this $10 one. It's the same that's at jazz fest and 1000x better than this awful, dry, hard, poor excuse for a po-boy.This was our first time and we had a wonderful experience. The atmosphere was classy but casual and the food was amazing. We will definitely be back to experience the dinner menu!!  Special but not stuffy at all. The staff was friendly, helpful and efficient. Of course, I still have a lot more drinks to try too!!My brother and I had the most delicious Christmas Eve brunch here. We got the potatoes au gratin, oak st breakfast, and crispy oyster croque madame. Everything was perfectly savory and filling without feeling greasy. The drink specials were great, too. $5 speciality cocktail when we went was a spiced rum sangria and select beers were half off. Service was friendly and efficient, decor was great, everything was clean. All around wonderful experience!We had a gift card from a friend.  The room is lovely.  The food is "meh".  Our waiter was attentive at first but never came back after our entrees were served; he got busy with a table of 20 and we were completely ignored.  Our lamb was raw; we like it medium rare but it was raw.  The trout was masked by a hard, thick coating. The cauliflower side dish was burnt bits of cauliflower; the waiter should have noticed it was untouched.  Dissappointed as we live in the area and are always looking for new places.Food has too much sausage and pork in it for my liking-very few healthy choices. Service was excellent.I implore you! Do not leave New Orleans without eating at DTB! We were lucky enough to stay in the Riverbend while on vacation and our host recommended this place, saying that it's gotten a myriad of positive attention from local foodies and critics, and rightfully so. Our group of eight ordered five or six small plates and three large plates then shared everything with the entire group. Every bite we put into our mouths was phenomenal. My mouth is watering as I think back on it. We sampled the chargrilled oysters au gratin, the boudin balls (best I've ever had), fried cornbread, and the blue crab gumbo (holy moly, what a roux!) Large plates included the short ribs (which melted in our mouths), duck confit, LA rice bowl, Wagyu flank (like buttah!) All of the sides that came with the large plates are just as amazing as the main courses... from the butter braised turnips and grits to the potato beignets; and the charred cabbage made our eyes roll back into our heads in ecstasy. Seriously. I'm getting a full plate of that next time I'm there. Fantastic food, wonderful service, in a trendy, yet fun and unpretentious atmosphere. Love this place! Do yourself a favor. Get there!Wow this is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. 5 stars all around wish I could give them more. The service was excellent, cocktails were on point and the food (best part) was amazing a must do if you're in the oak street area!Beautiful restaurant! Great service. We had desserts only but will return for dinner soon. Chocolate cake was great but the other desserts were just okay.This is my favorite place for brunch in the city and I also love it for dinner. My husband and I come all the time. 
As far as drinks go, The Saltwater is purely fascinating. It's a very salty drink with a grapefruit taste mixed with basil and the peppercorns add a real kick. My husband's favorite drink is the silver dollar: a watermelon tequila drink. 
As far as the food goes, you can't match the mushroom boudin balls. They are smoked perfectly and go well with the aioli. I love their half chicken on the dinner menu. It's flavored amazingly. We were recently there for the Coolinary menu and I was super blown away by the Mac and cheese. It was perfectly creamed with the right amount of Parmesan shavings and panko. Normally I get the salad with steak and zaatar ranch.My partner and I went to DTB tonight for a special occasion.  I have seen the critical accolades since they opened their doors, and have been following them closely since before they opened!  And finally, we got to give it a go!  We opted for all appetizers and small plates, and we LOVED every bite!  Don't miss the eggplant and burrata, the crab boiled potato wedges, and the mushroom boudin balls!  We will be back soon...and we're bringing friends, too!Really enjoyed brunch today! Everything we ordered was excellent! The grits are the best I've ever had! Our waiter Walter was outstanding. Great food and service! Highly recommended!Great food. Great service. Great atmosphere. We went for brunch and the dining experience was spot on. Really enjoyed the potatoes the most. French Toast was just as good. I am planning my next trip.We decided  to try a new spot for brunch and chose DTB because it's in the neighborhood  and the reviews were great. Upon entry, we noticed that the restaurant was bigger than we thought and the owners really  put some thought into the place....all in all very nice. We started  with the featured cocktail which was a sangria. I didn't  care for it but my wife loved it. They have a long list of craft beers on tap which are half price during brunch, so I chose one of those at the end of our meal. We started with the gumbo, which I wasn't  too sure about, because it was described  as collards and crab...I've never had collards in a gumbo (unless it was gumbo d'herbs). Anyway, it was served with potato salad (no rice). I asked for the potato salad  on the side because I think it cools the gumbo. That said, it comes to the table and surprisingly I like it! The potato salad was good too, but I'm  still a rice fan. Next up, we both ordered the oak street breakfast. I was excited  to try the pepper jelly bacon, my wife not so much. We didn't know that she could  have ordered  hers without the pepper jelly. The breakfast came, but sadly everything was cold. We told the waitress who offered to put our plates in the salamander, but we declined. Next thing  we know, the chef came out with some hot bacon, which was so much better. The grits would  have been real good, had they been hot. The biscuit was good though, and they bring out two selections of jam with it. We did not try dessert. I'll  try this place again, but I hope the food comes out hot this time.Unique spot on Oak. Great service! I had the strawberry fields cocktail which was a strawberry infused bourbon and the whole catfish! Everything was delicious.Probably some of the best service I've encountered recently. The cocktails and food were off the chain. I ordered the pork chop, French fries, and crab claws....and fell in love. The brown butter old fashion and saltwater cocktails are a must too!From a person that doesn't like oysters I loved the oysters here. Come with an appetite because you'll want more. Not only the food was delicious, the service was fantasticDTB was the best restaurant I tried in New Orleans.  Nice clean modern decor. Excellent service at the bar.  I tried the charred cabbage and the tempura style trout.  Cabbage was excellent. Very nice smokey flavor.  Trout was delicious but to call it tempura style was misleading.  The batter was much heavier than a tempura batter.  I believe these guys are known for their cocktails as well but I did not try them.  I was on a bourbon kick and the Blanton's did the trick. Restaurant was a bit empty for a Thursday night. I hope things pick up for them. It is absolutely a 5 star restaurant.I had the Louisiana rice bowl, and it was absolutely fantastic and out of this world.  The variety of flavors was diverse.  A slight heat, and definitely a creole style.   The service was excellent.  The downside was the price, and the limited menu.  Even the draft beer, which was also excellent, was $8, which seems high compared to what I am used to.Food and service were top notch. Fried cornbread and boudin balls were outstanding. Duck confit is an excellent dish. Atmosphere and environment in the restaurant is fresh and exciting. Restaurant was very accommodating for our large group. Highly recommend to anyone.Food was delicious. Outstanding flavors. Awesome drink menu. Go before the word gets out!the cocktail menu is amazing. the bartender, tim, was phenomenal! very friendly and knowledgeable, and made the experience perfect with great recommendations for food and beverage! the fried cornbread and crawfish pie eggs benedict were both unique and extraordinary!With all the amazing food in New Orleans, DTB really sets itself apart from the others . Amazing food and service . Cocktails to die for . Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys exceptional dishes!Absolutely fantastic! I don't write a lot of reviews, but I like to give credit where credit is due, and especially shout out to worthy new places. DTB is brand spanking new, barely open a few weeks, and I knew any place that was getting such reviews even while brandy new was worth a try, and boy was it ever (and here I am writing my own five star review!). 
First, the decor is awesome - modern and warm and inviting, and with really cool touches that let you know you're in Louisiana (like the Spanish moss on the chandeliers). The drinks are delicious, and very reasonably priced (props to the use of Reyka vodka as the well vodka - my in-laws absolutely loved their martinis). And the food, well I could write a whole soliloquy just on the food. 
There were five of us, and we literally had probably half the menu, and just shared everything (which is the way to do it, especially at a place like this). Not one thing did we not love, but a few highlights: the cauliflower rillette was outstanding, as was the chopped salad, and the mushroom boudin balls and oyster gratinee were on point. The crawfish bread is to die for. The only large plate we had was the short rib (also excellent, and the grits that accompany it set a high, high bar for all other grits), though they all looked great and we'll be back to try more soon. 
Usually a restaurant either does savory food well or pastries, but not both, but DTB kept throwing rocks, even with dessert. We only had room to share one thing after the feast we'd devoured, which was the banana toffee cake, which like everything else was wonderful. Also very good coffee. 
Too boot, the service was top notch - friendly and attentive. We've been to many, many restaurants that have been open for a looong time that can't even hold a candle to DTB. We were thoroughly impressed, and so excited to have them as a new addition to the neighborhood. We can't wait to go back soon!I live in the neighborhood, and decided to let DTB get rolling before giving it a try.  It's Friday lunchtime, and I go in with 3 others. We were seated quickly and waitress was very attentive, food order didn't take long at all. My friends ordered some sort of breakfast/brunch dish that looked over cooked. My friend and I ordered the shrimp remoulade.  HUGE disappointment, as I was raised "down the bayou".  I assumed everyone knew that "Cajun" does NOT mean "over seasoned".  I've never had a dish filled with so much black pepper, even up north. And where's the remoulade sauce? You won't find any in this dish.  I found the menu to be limited for a lunch menu. But I'm giving it 3 starts for the service, and the aesthetic.  But DTB left me craving the shrimp remoulade I wanted....big juicy and plump shrimp, delectable sauce.  Didn't get either here.Went to DTB for brunch and absolutely loved my experience. I ordered the Fried Chicken Tartine, while my friend L ordered the Beef Debris and Grits. My dish was definitely super hearty, as the server warned me (he said I'd need a nap after), and every bite was delicious. L enjoyed the Beef Debris dish, and we look forward to returning!Really outstanding flavors. The concept is well executed and the space is beautiful. We tried several dishes that sounded fairly uninspiring (pickled shrimp, chopped cabbage) that were completely fantastic. This well exceeded expectations and we will be back.It's all about sharing, but it's just too hard to share when you want to eat it all! Love the Shrimp Rice Bowl! Between the pork belly and crawfish and Tasso mixed in with super yummy rice is a perfect egg yolk that just evenly runs over the dish trying it all together. Also, how can I forget the spiralized mirliton on top, vegetable serving in for the day! Next time will go in with a sharing is caring mindset so I can try more of the menu. The team there is also very attentive, maybe a little too attentive, but I appreciate the follow up especially for a new place.Excellent food and service. We have been twice and look forward to going again. Our new favorite restaurant.Sadly this restaurant did not live up to expectations for me. Decor was lovely. Food was wayyyy overdone, over salted etc. we had the rice bowl, Brussels sprouts, grilled shrimp and boudin balls. None of these items were good to us. Drinks were excellent. Service was great. Food just wasn't....This place is firrree on the bayou! Bayou Country finds itself in the City with a great Uptown spot for some great Cajun Cuisine. Can't go wrong with the Boudin Balls. The gumbo had me calling my grandma afterwards. The short rib was also a table favorite. 5/5 would recommend!Really cool interior and interesting dishes. Favorite orders were the Crab Boiled "Chips" and the Mushroom Boudin Balls. Our waiter lacked a bit in the descriptive details when we asked him about the dishes, but everything we ordered was really delicious and I'll be definitely be coming back.This place was fabulous!  We loved the food, staff and atmosphere.  Our daughter is a freshman at Tulane and she had to be back at campus in an hour and we felt like we were treated like rockstars!  Food and wine delicious and the team really hustled to get us back to campus on time.  The food was AMAZING!  Loved the spicy crab and Fried Corn bread!  Short ribs and Gnocchi were out of this world!  Wine list was an A+. Honorable mention to the Mac and Cheese.  A definite return visit is in our future:)This place is over priced and food is only decent. Spend your money at nearby staple Jackimos or Boucherie.WOW. The food here was delicious - the shrimp and grits would be my last meal that's how good they were. We came here for my 25th birthday brunch and were not disappointed. I realized when planning my trip to NOLA I was picking restaurants based on food, reviews and recs, and not necessarily based on their proximity to the French Quarter. But with that said, it's only about a 15 minute Uber ride and SO WORTH IT. Don't be afraid to get out of the quarter for some good eats! Everyone got something different on the brunch menu - the crawfish Benedict was also really tasty, but those shrimp and grits were to die for. They have bottomless mimosas and our waitress kept them filled! They also do champagne toasts for birthdays instead of dessert which I thought was so cute and really appreciated because I would much rather spend my calories on champagne (: the manager also gave us another round of champagne because he heard we were going on a swamp tour after brunch - how sweet!! Our waitress was super great and answered all of our questions - we had a vegetarian and a vegan and she was able to recommend some yummy choices for them. The next time I am in New Orleans I might just come back here for every meal. Thanks for making my birthday so special in the Bayou, DTB!!This restaurant is one of the best in Nola! The food is always delicious and the service is great! They have a great happy hour too!The place looks and feels great!   They have done a really nice job at putting this place together.   The food matched the decor was very very good.  Our dinner was a fantastic time!Waiter didn't tell us certain items were missing on items we ordered and just brought out random substitute items. 
Stale biscuits, no sauce on one Benedict, the other Benedict's hollandaise was so watered down it had no flavor, poached eggs were completely raw. The
Beignets were ice cold.  
This place puts zero effort into their business.All the courses were unbelievable. Our sever Braxton was awesome and a great guy.
I will ask for him next time we go!Love this spot! The brunch is fantastic and the cocktails are on point as well! Definitely eat here!I really wish I could give a good review, but my Oak Street Breakfast--eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, and bacon-- were cold. The flavor was there, but cold food and watered down coffee do not impress me.Great experience.  Great service and fabulous food.   Had the best dish I've had all year if not the last 2 years. The Cornmeal gnocchi with hot sausage was amazing.  
Also had fried eggplant excellent  and their gumbo is one of the best everBesides the unbelievably amazing food...the servers...oh the servers
Love them all
The Drinks are fantastic 
The food to die forWent in for 5pm with a group of 6. The food, the service, everything was so great! The decor and moss really added to the ambiance. 
We shared some sociables, entrees, sides, and desserts... nothing disappointed! (Partly because I looked at the yelp reviews and pics and knew what I wanted). 
Sociables: We had the cauliflower rilletes. Super yummy, came with bagel chips. It wasn't the largest portion to share for a group of 6, but enough for a taste. We also had the pickled shrimp with hummus and omg it was good and surprisingly enough to share. 
Now the entrees: the BRUSSELL SPROUTS. I mean some of the best I've ever had and that's usually my go to at restaurants. The cucumber salad was fresh. I had the chicken schnitzel which was SO much food for an entree and the sauce was delish. We asked for crystal hot sauce (which was was totally needed) and hit the spot once the server brought it out. The duck confit fell off the bone. The ribs weren't the largest portions, but definitely filling. The oyster taste was good with the crystal hot sauce on top.
The desserts: Despite the prior reviews not to order the ice cream sandwich, we did. It was a tad bit colder than ideal, but it was still yummy. The crust was amaze. The banana pudding dessert was EVERYTHING. The meringue. Omg. 
The service: ON TOP OF THE GAME. Our waters never got below half full and we had two servers on top of our table at all times. 
Definitely will recommend, come back, explore more options!! 5 stars.You other brothers may deny, but I like big boudin balls and I cannot lie!
DTB has a sort-of like tapas menu that's filled with an array of treats. Don't screw around though and forget the yummy likker drinks. The pots de creme also shouldn't be ignored, but the mushroom boudin balls are where it's at.Super service, not a missed opportunity. Greeting from host/hostess was welcoming, seated immediately. 
Server was efficient, quick, he could have been warmer frankly, but it was busy.  He was in no way intrusive and we never waited for anything.  Cocktails sent out faster than anywhere in NO - this is a true mark of a well run service. 
Had the 'pulled pork/oyster-poboy' appetizer - amazing. Enjoyed the devil out of the Corn-Fried Catfish... this dish is simply put amazing. I am still craving it - so many flavors, textures and that damn catfish was to die for!    Never in mind life would have thought I would drink Prosseco and eat fried catfish at one seating.  Try it .. 
Overall - a delicious meal with great service.   Way to go D.T.B.!It was really good, a little pricey but really good and good service. I didn't know that you had to make a reservation but they had a table for us. The meal I got was the short ribs which was Bomb! Our serve was Landon he was such a doll!DTB is an absolute gem uptown. The food, the decor, the service are all .  Do yourself a favor and get there.  These guys really care about the product they are putting out, and it shows. Great job.DTB is apart from the rest of the food in this city. The food is delightfully surprising, rich in flavor and truly inspired. One can tell that Chef John Hill and his team care about what they do and how they do it. This is definitely a place to eat and outshines nearly every single restaurant in the quarter and the CBD. If you care to experience food prepared differently and done exceptionally well, this is the place.After we had a few glasses or wine at a neighboring place we decided to come here for some small plates at the recommendation of my date's Aunt.  The interior's clean lines lend to the intimate, warm and southern fusion cuisine focused menu and well appointed beverage list.  The menu is meant for sharing but, they do have entrees as well.
Cocktail:  Brown Buttered Old Fashioned: I really enjoyed the rich flavor the brown butter added as a twist on this traditional cocktail but, note this is nothing like a normal old fashion.  To me it had a hearty smoked flavor to it as well.
Wine: Pinot Noir:  They have two on the menu and I had a glass of each;  They were both smooth in finish without the bite in the aftertaste and both paired well with the complex flavors in the items we ordered.
Fried Cornbread: I thought this dish was extremely creative with flavor profiles that I would never have thought to combine; Fried cornbread, jalapenos and goat cheese?  I thought the same thing but, the creamy flavor of the goat cheese balanced the heat from the jalapenos and gave the cornbread that little something extra without taking away from the bold flavor of the ham hock marmalade.
Oyster Bread: This was my favorite of the two dishes!  To me it seemed like a twist of a oyster and debris poboy but with the added bonus of the tart from the banana peppers and the creamy zing of the horseradish aioli.  The oysters were perfectly fried, the debris was everything it should have been and you could tell all the ingredients were very fresh.
Service:  The service was 5 stars here from our interaction with the hostess to the steps of service from our server.  She never rushed us, was knowledgeable about all the menus and explained everything perfectly.
This place is a solid choice for a date night or to grab a drink and a couple plates with friends after work.I have been there several times before and liked it. Tonight's meal was in edible. The gumbo tasted like a salt lick. The snapper tasted like a salt lick. The cabbage that came with the duck confit. tasted like a salt lick with a healthy dose of lard. The chef seems to have abandoned all flavors and settled on fat and salt. I will not be back.DTB is worth driving around crazy uptown to fight for street parking AND to wait outside for 20 after your reservation time. From the moment my party arrived we received nothing but 5 star service. Because they were behind that day we were allowed to have a few free cocktails while waiting for our table of 7. We weren't "waited on". We were LOVED on our entire experience from appetizers to desserts. The food is best described as "uniquely Cajun/creole" where down home foods that your Mawmaw exposed you to have crossed paths with chefs who've traveled the world and added some technically trained flair to enhance the cuisine even more. No need to speak specifically about a dish because the menu changes so often. When in NOLA make it a point to visit DTB. It's kid/family friendly also once you find parking.they have one sexy owner. So I highly recommend eating here. The food is amazing so it's so worth it. I mean who doesn't like seeing a hot owner and eating good food? Sheesh I can't complainI was fortunate enough to be invited to their soft opening. The location on Oak Street is awesome. It was a beautiful night to be out and about!
Upon entering, the décor is fun and inviting. Brass fish heads adorn one wall while a combination of fun spheres and copper tubing hang from the ceiling, creating a very interesting "wall" with lots of Spanish moss hanging. The interior is sleek and modern with just the right amount of wood touches to warm up the space beautifully. And you really need to be sure to walk to the back where you will find a beautiful picture of marsh land. It adds a bit of calm and serenity to the atmosphere. 
I started with a whiskey-based drink - the name of which I cannot recall. Then Lu, who created this beautiful cocktail menu, wanted me to try a cocktail called, "Window Box," and I sure am glad I did. It was gin based, with citrus and herbs. Very light, refreshing and delicious!  Presentation was beautiful!
My first course was alligator stuffed squash blossoms. Crispy alligator paired so nicely with these delicate blooms. Squash blossoms have always been one of my absolute favorites and the pop of flavor in these did not disappoint. I also had the mushroom boudin balls. Yeah - you heard that right! Vegetarian boudin balls. I was amazed at how much I LOVED these! According to the chef, the mushrooms were first smoked and, let me tell you, that made ALL the difference! I would go in just for this!
For my main course, I chose Duck Confit. It was cooked to perfection and served over a delightful sweet potato and mandarin puree. The citrus really elevated the flavor and offered a very nice surprise when biting into it. I was so full that I thought I'd pass on dessert but once the server described the blueberry hand pie, I was in! It was a delicate pastry filled with fresh blueberry, topped with a little powdered sugar and served with a jalapeno and ginger sauce. The spiciness paired beautifully with the red blend I was still enjoying from dinner. 
Everything - every dish, every server, the space - all blended harmoniously to create a most unforgettable evening. This place is sleek and sexy, yet warm and inviting. The bar alone is a sight to behold. Subway tile backsplash, clean lines, beautifully laid out, and the cocktail menu is very ambitious and executed flawlessly. 
I could see myself returning just to sit at the bar, enjoy one of Lu's cocktails and nosh on those mushroom boudin balls! Chef Carl really knocked it out of the park here! But what else would you expect from someone who cut his culinary teeth at the likes of Commander's Palace and Café Adelaide? I look forward to returning. And soon!This spot gets 5 stars because their Spotify playlist was great and the food was nice and seasoned. My mimosa glass stayed filled. My food CAME out nice , hot and fresh. The atmosphere was really good. There were.a mixture of everyone in there. The brunch menu was catering to just about Anyone /diet. Me and my friend really enjoyed ourselves. I ordered the brisket brunch. And boyyyy talk about great! I also ordered the baba filled beignets which was so good.  There are T-plates and beaucoup plates. I had one of each and it was filling.  The bottomless mimosas were $15 and you can add OJ/Cranberry/grapefruit. Very delicious! The playlist was so fun and I sung at least five songs. Overall I will be back here and Also did I mention parking was good and the staff was very attentive!Get it together DTB.  Terrible brunch experience from service to food.  I expect better especially with a talented new chef on board.  And the manager's apology (by the way saying I'm sorry but...) not an apology was sad.  There are too many other choices for brunch.  Won't be back.We went for brunch on Sunday and it was delicious. It was my second visit and even better than the first time. Our server, Joseph, made it such a wonderful day. I really really enjoyed him and it made my special birthday brunch even better. 
3 of us had the Oak St breakfast and the pepper jelly bacon is to die for!!  My mom had the poutine and she loved it!!!A-OK, this place is great for a date spot--love the atmosphere, but the food falls short. Tried the brunch menu here on a weekend. Bottomless mimosas is a plus and love their buttermilk biscuits! 
I was quite disappointed in the modernized version of the LA- 1 gumbo, I didn't like the collard greens at all since it made it too bitter to taste. 
Blackened Redfish tacos was quite disappointing for the price and portion and no sides. 
Etouffee Benedict came with poached eggs with hollandaise sauce--a must try. Overall, not a veggy friendly place and a bit overpriced.This is absolutely, 100% my new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. If I could eat here every single day, I would. In fact, I ate there twice in 5 days and it was amazing. 
I've been now for brunch and dinner so I can speak about both. The brunch was excellent. I had the oak street breakfast and all but licked my plate. The eggs-perfect. The bacon-unbelievable. The grits- finger licking good. And I splurged and got the fall spice cake and don't regret eating it one bit. 
The dinner: we tried 2 appetizers that were both great. The pickled shrimp and the cauliflower rillettes. For our entrees, we had gumbo and corn bread gnocchi. I've never tasted gnocchi so delicious. And our favorite item (drum roll, please) was the charred cabbage. If you go here and don't get it, you're missing out!Amazing dinner & exceptional service!
Duck wings.. delicious!
Jalapeño cornbread with goat cheese to die for! 
Everything was delicious, down to the dessert..
& the salt water drink... best in cityThis place was absolutely excellent.  I ordered the Wagyu short ribs and it was life changing for sure.  I have never had short ribs so tender and delicious.  
For starters we got the Buffalo Oysters and Spicy Crab Claws.  Wow!  So much flavor.  
The Browned Butter Old Fashioned was sweet with just the right amount of Pow!!
Tip- get some bread to soak up the leftover spicy crab claw sauce'This was my first trip to DTB.  I think it took the place of the old Dollar General on Oak.  Parking is on the street.  The restaurant has a clean modern look and an overall good atmosphere.  Our waiter was attentive and we never felt rushed.  The menu is in my opinion modern Cajun. We started with the seafood gumbo which had a deep roux with an interesting twist on the seafood.  The corn bread also had a twist.  Between the four of us we had the chicken, catfish and the duck.  The chicken and catfish were great. My friend who had the duck said it was also great, but the serving was a little small.  Prices were very reasonable for the quality.  I would definitely go back and have already recommend it to all my friends.  DTB definitely has the ability to be around for a long time.My meal here was in the top five meals of my life. I had the bbq shrimp and grits and the gumbo, both of which were spectacular. I also had a chance to taste my friends' dishes including the crab, risotto, catfish and chips, and the brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious and the drinks were great as well. Yes, it was a bit spendy, but wow the flavors were incredible. One thing - if I'm spending this much on a meal, I'd prefer not to listen to classic rock and overplayed 80s songs. At least try a little to match the music to the mood? Also our server Kiera was nice.Best happy hour and menu ever!!!!! Oak st best! The food is the best quality/quantity, while also representing Louisiana cuisine.This brunch gave me life!  Our server, Kevin, was the best!  He made my friend's bday celebration very special.  The Oak Street Breakfast was delicious and filling.  The grits were highly seasoned and creamy with cream cheese!  The bacon was ridiculous and if you don't get it you are missing something in your life!  Great space and the bottomless mimosas keep coming!  Great place to celebrated special occasions!Was in town for work and looking for a place to get a decent bite and a beer.  This place is clean and modern.  The staff are really friendly and the wait time was zero on a Friday night, not because it's empty but because they have a good amount of seating.  The food is tasty and they have a decent amount of beers on tap.  It's enough to get you on down the road.Everything about DTB was excellent.  We went here for my husband's birthday and they made sure that it was a fabulous evening.  The setting, the wait staff, the menu....we had a wonderful experience and can't wait to return.  We had the fried cornbread balls and the Brussels for apps.  Our entrees were the duck and the tomahawk pork chop.  Every single dish was complex with flavors.  For dessert we had the brownie and the banana dishes.  We can't pick a favorite dish because every one was superb.Saw these guys at the Oak Street Po Boy festival.  I waited in line, got to the front, and they changed the prices in front of me.  Literally.  I watched a lady raise the prices $2 in front of me, and the man at the register tried to charge me the higher price, despite the fact that I pointed out that I had (obviously) been in line before the lady changed the prices in front of me.
The guy manning the tent was extremely rude and had the audacity to point out that I had made it to the front of the line and would be paying the new prices.
I passed.  After waiting in line.  My whole group was disgusted by the experience, the rudeneness of the man at the tent, and the way the whole thing happened.  We left.  I would never get food from this place again, neither will anyone in my group, and we're conveying the experience to our circles.  
Bad business.  Bad people.  Pick a different business to supportBunch of 6 turned up here for brunch. Very nice ambiance to go with really good food. Found a couple of good vegetarian options too. Stand outs were shrimp and grits and the étouffée.Started with the UpTown Blues Cocktail () and decided on two appetizers for dinner. 
The Pork Belly and Brussel Sprouts was one of the best dishes I've tasted in a long time and not sure how they make their hand cut fries but I sure wish I could recreate them at home. 
As you can see by my plates ... no doggie bag for me!I was looking forward to a "bayou" meal here. And I got it with the yummy Fried Cornbread and Buffalo Oysters appetizers. But decided to go with the Reveillon menu which, Chef John Hill told me afterwards, was inspired by his and his DTB partner's Italian (specifically Sicilian) heritage. 
If you visit while they're still serving it, I would strongly recommend this 4 course meal:
1. Local greens with 2 fried gorgonzola dolce, compressed apple and sugarcane vinaigrette--lite and refreshing (I'm not a big gorgonzola fan but still enjoyed the dolces; if you like gorgonzola, you'll love them)
2. Gulf Seafood court bouillon--with blue crab tortellini, shrimp and an oyster & eggplant boulette--very tasty tho the tortellini were a little too al dente for me; my friend, who also did the Reveillon, tho, thought they were just fine
3. Beef Braciole--fennel sausage, butternut squash risotto, roasted delicata (a kind of squash)--all parts of this were, simply put, great. I could've had a bucket of the risotto...and about 2 dozen of the delicata slices which kinda looked like slices of pineapple and had a subtly sweet taste to them
4. Petite gateau de sirop--I can't fully describe this cake except to say it was the perfect way to end the meal.
All this for $43--what a phenomenal deal!
I also had a bite of a friend's melt-in-your-mouth Short Ribs and I hope to return to have a dish of it all to myself.  I look forward to trying the Duck Confit.
Service (for a group of 8) was highly attentive and professional. Best of all, we were able to get separate bills with the apps we shared pro-rated among us all.
Wish I could've given 4 1/2 stars :-)The food was excellent. The service started out great, ended horribly. The server refused to split the check, even though we called in advance saying we'd have a large party and would need this service, to which they replied no problem. 
Once we split up the check ourselves the server literally told us he wouldn't split up the check because quote "he wasn't able to". He then told us that the 20% added gratuity did not take into account the time he spent splitting up the check. WHAT. You LITERALLY told us you weren't splitting up the check. And then ask to be tipped for something you refuse to do. NOPE. Eat here at your own risk. Just know good food, jerk waitstaff.Went here for a birthday brunch today and the staff was great at accommodating our large party of 14. We were late and they seated us right away with no issues. Everyone loved the food I had the crispy oyster croque madame and my boyfriend had the shrimp and grits which was the star of the show just wish the portion size was a bit bigger bc it was so good!! Overall great staff and great food will be back to try more options.Came here with a group of coworkers on a Friday for lunch. We work down the street and wanted to check it out. This was a while back so the menu could be different now. I tried the gumbo and it was pretty good but I was sort of weirded out by the fact that it had greens in it. It was also served with potato salad, which I thought was a cute, cultural nod to Louisianians who eat gumbo with potato salad. I got the catfish as my meal and it was pretty good. I wasn't wowed but it was a good lunch. My coworkers were all satisfied with their meals as well. The place was empty so we had it all to ourselves. I like the setup and the decor. I will have to go back for dinner and drinks and update this review.Fabulous, trendy, and clean establishment. Excellent friendly and efficient staff. Awesome happy hour! You can purchase the entire menu for 35.00! We had the chicken sandwich, dill fries, mac & cheese, and corn bread. The chicken sandwich and dill fries were our favorite! Half off drafts, wine and well liquor.  We would highly recommend this to anyone!!Great food! Great ambience! Great service! Great for gatherings! Loved the food! We tried the fried cornbread as a starter, it did not disappoint. If you like condiments--- these set the dish to another level! Had the catfish for an entree-- cooked crisp and reminded me of a fish plate with the potato salad! Another had the oak street breakfast--- a classic breakfast with bacon!! Try it, I would recommend and will definitely be back! Oh and keep the great soundtrack of music!Very impressive new entry on the ever expanding Oak Street scene of cafes, restaurants, shops and general funky places. While housed in a historic building DTB is its own self, respectful of Creole cooking but not afraid to chart its own culinary course.
In honor of the Tricentennial go for the Louisiana cocktail, a tasty riff off a Sazerac rye. For a darker taste the brown sugar Old Fashioned was surprisingly good and not as sweet as it sounds.
We did a mix of small plates and entrees. Thumbs up for the fried cornbread--a bit of heat, lots of crunch. The gumbo is dark and favorable--a wonderful roux that includes the chef's potato salad rather than rice. Sounds a bit odd I know but try it--it really balances the roux. The salad is fresh fresh and highlighted with bits of cheese, bacon, spices--light yet filling.
I believe I would order the Louisiana Rice Bowl every time I come here--everything about the dish, from the browned rice, the Tasso and the grilled shrimp. Just a perfect new Creole dish.
The dessert choices are limited but excellent: creative, beautiful presentation. The strawberry shortcake sounds boring but not here--do it: like many items the inventive approach just stands out. This place is close to a 5 but in New Orleans that's a tough number to reach.Every dish was fantastic - such quality and flavor combos - kitchen is producing some of the best food in NOLA!We will definitely be back!  Decided to try their reveillon menu Christmas Eve and we were so impressed by their creative and delicious menu.   The seafood courtboullion was light, but full of flavor, with little oyster dressing dumplings, shrimp and light, beautiful tomato broth.  Even the salad was over the top with two fried Gorgonzola balls.  We started with their mushroom boudin ball (completely vegan but so meaty), so by the time we got to the entree, we were stuffed. Had to taste the mouthwatering German chocolate cheesecake and homemade butter pecan ice cream..... food coma.  
Ate our entree for breakfast the next morning.So we ordered a side of cabbage and ended up with frog legs in it! Thank God no one choked on a bone. The management apologized profusely. 
Anyway, they brought us another side of cabbage without the frog legs this time. 
The restaurant manager also gave us free desserts. The desserts were pretty tasty. 
I enjoyed the deconstructed Apple pie. 
The service was excellent though and I enjoyed the drink special that night. 
I felt like the food was hit and miss. 
Some dishes were good, while other dishes lacked.  I Wasn't a big fan of the cauliflower appetizer. I usually love Brie, but it didn't jive with the cauliflower. 
I did enjoy the Louisiana rice bowl. I wished it wasn't so small of a dish. The portion sizes for the entrees were a little disappointing.Came for brunch a few Saturdays ago and had an amazing experience! We went specifically for bottomless mimosas.. And they made sure our glasses were never even close to empty! Definitely some of the better mimosas that I've had. Quality orange juice and the perfect amount (I hate when my mimosas have too much OJ and not enough champagne ). The food was delicious and the service was great. I'll certainly be back again!I went during happy hour on a Friday. It wasn't busy when I was there so I was served quickly. The chicken sandwich was real chicken (not a processed patty) and the fried cornbread tasted like hush puppies. It was a good experience and I will go back.Just amazing.  We were a group of three and ordered at least 7 different plates, and probably as many specialty cocktails.  The worst rating out of anything we had was 9.8/10.  Nick, our waiter, was literally the best and big props to Taylon behind then bar.  110% will be back!New favorite!
It's on the corner of oak street and if you're lucky you can find parking near by. We walked in around 8:30 and was seated quickly. This place is super cute and great for a date night or a group of friends. The kitchen was a completely open concept which I really liked. We ordered a little bit of everything. 
Sociales
- Cauliflower Rillettes
- Fried Cornbread
T-Plates
- Cacio e Pepe
Beaucoup Plate
- Stuffed Chicken
- Shrimp Rice Bowl
- Crispy Duck Confit (AMAZING)
Other
- Ice Cream Sandwich
- Smothered Brussels
Ahh, where do I even start? Everything was better than expected only a few dishes we could've done without. The Cauliflower Rillettes was served like a "crab dip" very different and delicious. OH MY, the fried cornbread. C'mon fried dough in general is amazing, how did they know cornbread was my favorite anyway? The goat cheese spread paired perfectly with the fluffy cornbread filling. 
The entrees were very good. The CRISPY DUCK CONFIT was spectacular. I can't even explain how much I love this dish, but from the tenderness of the duck to the hints of citrus - talk about a well balanced flavorful dish. The Stuffed Chicken and Shrimp Rice Bowl was very fresh and light. The portions were perfect, just enough. 
Disappointment 
When we first looked at the menu, we immediately wanted to try the Cacio e Pepe. Well, after the first bite, we just couldn't shake the taste of salt. You could barely taste the crab fat butter and the "cayenne spaghetti". We let our server know and he said its not the first time someone has complained about the salt level. Eh, it was $12 wasted. If they would make adjustments in the future, I would def give it another try. 
Oh, and the Ice Cream Sandwich.. they literally took it out of the freezer and put it on the plate with the wrapper still on it. I think they could've put a little more effort in presentation like their other dishes. 
Overall, it's been awhile since I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at a new restaurant. I would recommend this place to anyone!Down the Bayou! I thoroughly enjoyed the newest member of an already vibrant food culture as we have come to know in South Louisiana. DTB brings something new to the table. A fresh local approach deeply routed in cajun coastal cuisine with more modern techniques & applications. The atmosphere has a unique blend of rustic & modern architectural features that provide a cozy yet casual upscale dining experience! Quite peaceful, cozy, & inviting.  The food was equally amazing. The mushroom boudin balls were so good that I forgot they were meatless & the alligator chorizo squash blossoms were a unique combination of flavors that will certainly challenge traditional methods. Also don't forget to try the fried cornbread! Ham-hock marmalade, goat cheese & jalapeño provide a sweet yet savory compliment to the crispy texture of the cornbread. Moving into the entree course, I would highly recommend either the stuffed chicken or the bbq fish. The confit duck is excellent as well. Be sure to save room for dessert. This is one of those spots I am looking to take my time & make an experience out of it. It is well worth it! Thank me later!The heart wants what it wants: brunch. 
.
.
.
.
I needed a last minute brunch spot on Friday afternoon and per Eater NO, D.T.B. made "The Brunch Heatmap". It wasn't tough to get a reservation which was a relief. In retrospect, perhaps that should have cause for pause. I arrived a little earlier than my friend and I was seated immediately upon arrival in a nice booth in the back. Five minutes turned into eight, and not one server came to my table to at least fill my glass with water or offer any assistance with drinks or coffee (!) while I waited. Finally my friend arrived and ten minutes (who's counting?) passed, and still no server has come to our table. Fortunately, immediately to our right were not one but three servers congregating talking about, what I assume, top D.T.B. business at the rate my table was being ignored. After a few loud-to-louder "excuse mes", I finally caught one server's attention. I guess I didn't need all three. To bring this portion to a close, we finally got some water. 
Now that we've covered service as subpar, let's move onto the mediocre menu. I say mediocre because for a place like NOLA, you really gotta be doing something different to stand out. Why D.B.T. over let's say another brunch spot doing similar dishes as Atchafalaya? Or Willa Jean's with a James Beard nominated pastry chef. The menu was divided in small bites (Sociables) and small-medium bites (T-Plates) both to share and an entree section. To share we had the burrata + melon salad. I rate it 2.5. It's not that hard to nail a burrata salad in my experience. You simply have to serve the cheese room temp. There's nothing worse than cold cheese where the fat hasn't come to room temp to really give off it's true flavors. My friend had the french toast that the server raved about. She loved it, but she's sweet. I had the BBQ shrimp empanada - a twist on your classic eggs benedict. The dish was saved by the crunch and flakiness of the empanada, because I love pastry like dough, but the filling was too acidic. The dish could have better balanced. 
All in all the food was okay. The staff could have been more attentive. Don't get me wrong, once it was brought to the staff's attention that my table had been ignored for nearly 20 minutes, there was attention after. So much so that my coffee was on the house. But, I didn't come for free stuff.Finally tried this place recently and I must say, it was quite a treat. For starters we had the mushroom boudin balls (vegan), the peacemaker steamed buns, and lastly the fried Brussels. All of they were great but I would have to say the mushroom boudin balls were my favorite. For an entree my wife and I shared the whole fish which was local redfish that day and boy was it excellent. Oh I almost forgot to mention, this place has amazing cocktails! The salt water is probably the best in my opinion but I also tried the silver dollar which is a tequila cocktail with watermelon. I give this place a five star not only for their great drinks and food, but also the friendly staff. They did a great job with this place!DTB is stellar! Chef Carl and his team obviously hire the best. Everyone from beginning to end was so pleasant, kind, and eager to please. The staff were attentive throughout the yelp event and willing to answer any questions. I want to make a big shout out to both Tim and John.  Be sure to look for one of these two guys if you sit at the bar. 
Tim made my first drink the blueberry hill. He nearly talked me out of it when he said that it may not quench my sweet tooth. Nonetheless he told me he would fix it up special and made me feel assured that I would love it. Man was he right! It was certainly my favorite drink of the night. He threw in a few extra blueberries and an extra splash of simple syrup.
John made me Lu's silver dollar creation. Don't be afraid that you're basically getting a watermelon margarita because it is far from it. This fruity drink is full of fresh pressed watermelon juice. Absolutely amazing! 
Mrs. Lu is quite the innovative cocktail director. My last drink was the saltwater, DTB's take on the classic salty dog. It is a vodka drink with grapefruit liquor and a strong hint of basil. My first thought was something is too strong. As the flavors begin to fuse together it actually becomes the perfect mixture complimenting one another. Mrs Lu has really done a fantastic job with all her creations. It is one of her passions. 
During the sampling we learned chef Carl is just as creative with the food as with the drinks. My favorite was the mushroom Boudin balls that are in fact vegan. The fact that there was no meat was a surprise to everyone. The consistency of the mayo and pickled collards filling was just right, the crust was baked to perfection, and the seasoning with sliced pepper topping were on point. I really felt the culmination of flavors in this dish really set it off. It's sure to become one of the top appetizers on the menu.
After the event was over we stuck around to try more. First we had the fried cornbread because this dish really caught my eye. I'm a big fan of cornbread with a few extra ingredients but this was over the top. It comes with a ham hock marmalade, slightly melted goat cheese and sliced jalapeño. Hmm hmm good. My favorite dish. I scooped all the crumbs from the plate. 
The oyster toast was also a recommended and enjoyed. 
We topped it all off with banana toffee plate. My beautiful date and I both thought it had one of the best meringues we have had. 
Can't wait to go back to try the ribs.The service was incredible, everyone was great. I love they layout and atmosphere, I really liked the space. However, the food to me fell short - don't get me wrong it wasn't terrible and the overall plates sound fantastic but there were a few concerns. We went for brunch, I got the Cajun poutine and it was sooooo salty it was making me nauseous. I'm from Louisiana and I certainly have no problems with seasoning but all you could taste was salt. I got the brisket biscuit as well and in this case there was hardly any flavor at all. The meat was tender, etc. but I'll throw some seasoning on my leftovers. My friend got the gulf shrimp etoufee and there really wasn't any shrimp in it. That said, I'll definitely give it another shot in the future because it was still a good experience overall.In our world renowned city known for international dining we have observed a large number of restaurants open in the recent past and unfortunately many have failed. So it is nice to celebrate one of the best that is maintaining a high quality of culinary delights, service, and a pleasurable ambiance.  
DTB will soon be celebrating their one year anniversary and is going strong on Oak St. My wife and I recently returned for another enjoyable evening of drinks and tasting new additions to the delectable menu.
Alexis always has the reservations in order and is so pleasant as you enter the restaurant. My Cocktail de Jour is Lu's Brown Butter Old Fashion. I have yet to visit DTB and not start off with this unique drink. 
Chef Carl and Chef Jacob are constantly developing new offerings from the kitchen in addition to standard favorites. And so we experimented a bit. The Duck Wings with pickled green strawberries, foie gras, plus buttermilk emulsion are not bad. The Roasted Beet Salad with naval oranges, feta, some herbs along with barbequed pecans is a favorite of mine. 
A new winner that must be tried out on your next visit is the Crawfish Stuffed Squash Blossoms in a green onion mole, with a chipotle crawfish bisque. A bisque that is like a dark rich roux. 
The Hand Cut Fries are an extravagant delicacy that are on the salty side but quite tasteful. 
And to end the meal with a bang do order the 48 Hour Short Rib prepared in butter braised turnips, with baked grits, and fermented pepper jus. After this serving was devoured I felt as if I needed to go to confession. And I haven't been to confession in decades.
My last two visits have been overseen by Amy. She is very knowledgeable of the menu and assist with any all questions you may have on the menu or wine list. She has enjoyable suggestions when you wish to try something different. All the staff are absolutely there to serve you and make you feel welcome. DTB has become a big favorite of mine. And I highly recommend the restaurant to you. 
No room for dessert on this visit. The manager David is at the top of his game. Do introduce yourself to him when you arrive or during your dinner. He keeps a diversified and reasonable Wine List. A particular positive offering is Wine by the Glass. This also allows you to try various grapes with different food. And the wine by the glass prices are no different than if you order the bottle of wine. 
Just wondering if this know how on the part of the Chefs/Owners with their fantastic staff might be considering the birth of a second DTB?Food is good and bar service really solid with a lovey bartender that asks your name, where you're from, etc. at an almost too friendly type of way...Southern Hospitality. Has a TV at the bar and $15 bottomless mimosas (or $6 each). Food expensive but with cheap drinks it's reasonable. Big plates of etouffe benedict that completely filled me up. Some low level hot sauce to top it off but mostly stick to the cajun flavor in the dish itself. Tacos solid but tiny at only two on a plate. Beer list big but only local. Biggest complaint is that the bar area is almost 40 degrees. This might hav been the coldest seating area I've ever been to and two customers actually got up and took orders to go because of it. Other than the subzero temperatures, DTB represents a locals spot for brunch that is off the radar from the typical NOLA vacationers.If I could go to brunch here everyday I would! The Oyster Croque was amazing. My mouth is still watering thinking about the delicious gravy on that thang! The mimosas were constantly flowing and the service was great. Totally going back on my next visit to the city.We arrived around happy hour, it was not our intentions.  The specials were great, server was outstanding.  Everything tasted greatDTB opened for business to everyone today at 3:00pm and my wife and I were there to check out the new restaurant on Oak St. Walked in and they were ready for service. Met by a charming lady at the door who gave us the lay of the land. Dinner was not to be served until later in the evening but there is a Happy Hour each day from three to seven. Prices are cut in half for glasses of wine and for well drinks. Also, and this is a very worthwhile saving for the wallet, there are food offerings at $5.00 per selection. A couple of hours were spent drinking different wines and eating a number of selections that produced a bill that was far below what would normally be expected in most restaurants.
The place is clean and inviting. The staff is welcoming and knowledgeable of the food and liquor. Background music is varied and at a volume that can be enjoyed without interfering with your conversation. Restrooms are clean. Parking is on the street and not a problem in and around the location.
The servers are of the best and present an atmosphere that makes you plan on returning prior to your departure. Zack and Jack took care of us along with other staff members. It was as if we were regulars and they have known us and our preferences over a long period of time. We left after an afternoon of dining and drinking already planning our return.
The ambiance is of a neighborhood restaurant and just so nice. No problem in showing up in a suit or in more casual clothes. However the service and culinary delights rises to the level of a white linen restaurant. White cloth napkins, food that is tasty and flavorful along with being a bit different. 
We enjoyed the Mushroom Boudin Balls, the Fried Cornbread, Hand Cut Fries, and the Pickled Shrimp. We were happy and stuff and had to take some home at the end of our stay. If I may the fries were so good and tasted like Zapp's Cajun potato chips. But above all were the Pickled Shrimp and if you just order one plate that is the one to order. Remember during Happy Hour each selection is only $5.00. 
A few extras beyond the helpful prices for Happy Hour are the most comfortable bar seats, hooks under the bar for the purses of the ladies, and even electrical sockets under the bar to charge up your devices. Free Wi-Fi is available too.  I was particularly amazed that the water glasses are made from wine bottles. Such a nice place to spend some time at while enjoying good glasses of wine and tasting very well prepared food.
Did not yet enjoy a full dinner but will in the future. And I am sure this Four Star rating may soon be raised to a full Five Star.We are here for Sunday brunch and found it to be a top rate eatery. I can not recommend more highly the crawfish pie eggs Benedict.  The French toast was also incredible.  Drinks here are all made with superlative ingredients . 
 The only negative would be the style of some of the music and how loudly it was played. It really interfered with the overall enjoyment .  I want to relax when I eat but the music did quite the opposite . Perhaps they are trying to turn tables faster?We had a party of 12 and everyone loved their dinner. Can't wait to visit again soon. The service was excellent. The food was delicious. This place simmers with creativity. Great to see that Oak street is being elevated to a NOLA destination because of DTB and other fun places to drink and eat. I will be back on my next trip back home.I have been waiting to go to DTB for a long time and my boyfriend surprised me! DTB has a classy casual aesthetic. You can definitely wear jeans, or a cute dress!! We sat at the bar and Leah  and max (Bradshaw??? I think there are two guys named Max) took care of us. They were awesome! Leah even made sure to get our names and told us about their brunch on the weekends. We started off with the brown butter old fashioned and the silver dollar. Both of them were great the old fashioned had a richness to it and the silver dollar was very refreshing. We decided to start of with the Mac and cheese and fried cornbread both were very good. The ham hock marmalade was astounding. I then got a bayou 75, a twist on a French 75, it was absolutely amazing. However my favorite drink of the night was the saltwater definitely give it a try! For our entree we split the blue crab pasta. It was soooo good especially with the whipped burrata, it gives it a nice tangy flavor. Now for my favorite part the dessert, the strawberries and cream. just wow. It taste just like those strawberry shortcake i cream bars. Honestly, one of the best desserts I have ever had.It is an awesome place we are def going back!This place is gorgeous - service is great but the food....the FOOD!!!  Everything we had was so delicious, my mouth is watering right now as I type.  We had the red bean risotto, shrimp and grits, a salad and the fried corn bread.  Ohh the fried corn bread!!!! Little balls of corn bread fabulousness sitting in goat cheese and crumbled ham with jalapeños on top. So. Damn. Good.  The Shrimp and grits were equally yummy, so flavorful and perfect.  Just go. Stop reading this and go right now, you will love it.This is a gem on Oak Street! We tried the crispy oysters, crispy duck wings, fries and cornbread for starters. The combinations of flavors on each plate made them spectacular. The fries had fresh dill. The duck wings had green strawberries. The oysters came with fresh squash. The dishes were fun and flavorful. 
For a main course, i ordered short rib, which was great, but it turns out I am not the biggest fan of short rib. Everyone else really enjoyed it. 
For dessert, our table tried one of each dessert. The table favorite was the warm chocolate brownie. The least favorite (and only one left unfinished) was the strawberry shortcake. The other two desserts (ice cream sandwich and something with apples) were also very good. 
Highly recommended if you like modern settings and a bit of adventure in your food. Prices are on the higher end, but it was worth it.DTB: Damn, that biscuit! Dat thang BUSSIN! Drink thru brunch. Delicious, tasty breakfast. 
You get the point. Randomly decided to stop by for a Saturday brunch. Walked in at 12:30 with reservations but there was plenty of seating available. The first thing that caught my attention was the music - the playlist was dope! 60s-70s R&B classics, along with that song from Black Mirre (Anyone who's been in love...). I was jamming. 
Food: I ordered the DTB breakfast and subbed grits for the crab boil potatoes. Pepper jelly bacon, a delicious biscuit, and scrambled eggs with cheese rounded out the meal. They serve the biscuit with butter, strawberry jam, and pimento cheese. All were delicious. I really enjoyed the eggs - the cheese was perfect! And the bacon.... mmm. 10/10. 
The lady ordered the fried chicken sandwich. It was very flavorful and she definitely enjoyed it. 
We also had an order of the banana stuffed beignets. They were really good - I'm not a huge beignet fan - but I was expecting more banana. 7/10
Of course we had bottomless mimosas. They were the perfect combo of champagne and orange juice. AND I'm pretty sure it wasn't some cheap OJ from concentrate. Our cups never ran empty or close to it. 8/10
Service was impeccable! We had Ramona. She was very personable and attentive. 10/10
Overall, we really enjoyed DTB and will definitely be back! It is a bit on the pricier side for brunch but it's worth it!Food was delicious - smaller portions so Consider an appetizer.  Blacked red rush was tasty and shrimp and grits had a rou base with mushrooms.  Panacatta for dessert served in wine glass has lemon curb and shirt bread cookies. 
Noise is average and adequate wine and drink selections. 
Okay for families or couples.  Nice stop with outdoor seating options.Fried green tomatoes were excellent. But I also had the crab avocado salad and it was rather lacking. In particular, it was lacking crab. The entire serving was smaller than what I had expected but there was also a serious shortage of lumps of crab. There were 4. For the price, I felt like it was a rip off. However, they did allow me to do a carryout which I was told they normally didnt do. I come into town a couple of times a year only, so this one won't make my "return to someday" list.The chef is amazing and the vibe is very cool! I got the silver dollar which I highly recommend!GREAT new place on Oak St! Much needed for this street and very well done. Atmosphere was eclectic and fresh. The beet salad was great. Good HH menu: Food and Drinks both!We wanted to have a brunch date so we decided to finally give this place a try. We had heard such good things. The place was super busy when we went. We understood the wait times would run a bit longer than usual. Other patrons didn't quite get that. Wait times don't ever take away from the great service or great food for us. We made a reservation through open table for 11. My date received a warm greeting by the host and was seated promptly while I parked the car. When I came in, I too was warmly greeted. My date ordered the drip coffee. She enjoyed it very much. The temperature in the building was a little chilly. I was wearing short sleeves. I'd wear a light jacket next time. They have a great musical selection too. The atmosphere was pleasant. The noise level didn't get too loud in restaurant. I was about that considering the crowd because I have sensitive hearing. Our server, Colin was top notch. He recommended I order the Uptown Blues. It warmed me right up!  It was an excellent drink and I love blueberries. Colin gave us perfect recommendations with friendly customer service which made for a wonderful dining experience. His knowledge of the menu also made things easy on us. He checked up on us very often, even with the large crowd. We really appreciated that. We started with the gumbo. It has a dark Roux, it was very rich in flavor. It was delicious. We even ordered a second serving to go at the end of our meal. It doesn't come with a lot of rice, which we both really appreciated. We hate when the gumbo is served half rice/half gumbo. It was perfectly seasoned too, not overly salty or fatty. Then came the main dishes. The short rib and eggs were stellar! The meat was so juicy and tender! I really liked the Etouffee Benedict as well. We finished with a bread pudding that was light but just what we needed after the meal. We want to thank Colin for his excellent customer service. DTB was very busy but we never felt forgotten or unappreciated. The handled the rush very well in our opinion. We can't wait to come back!Great food and atmosphere! Waiter knew the menu exceptionally well and was able to answer any questions asked.We decided to stop into DTB as we were walking down oak street even though we had never heard of it before. The hostess told us the only thing they had available was the bar spots even though the restaurant didn't appear full. We agree because the bar had a cool view of the chefs working their magic which is always fun. 
The menu was small but I would describe everything as upscale Cajun. 
I had the crab fat gumbo which was over potato salad instead of rice. It had great flavor and I LOVE crab, so it was amazing!Delicious brunch spot with bottomless mimosas! I got the brisket on the biscuit and it was delicious. This place reasonably priced and a great weekend brunch spot.Killer happy hour that includes small plates. I am obsessed with the Spanish moss hanging from the chandelier and the other copper light fixtures with air plants on them! This place is like a modern and artistic interpretation of the Bayou! I guess that is why DTB stands for "Down The Bayou." ;) This spot provides a laid back atmosphere where the food shines. If your are trying to impress someone, bring 'em here.Great place, the decor, food and service were outstanding. 7 for Sunday Brunch. The best Bloody Mary ever. The etouffe egg dish had incredible flavor, you must try along with the debris eggs Benedict. I believe our server's name was Kimberly, she was excellent, knowledgeable and attentive. We had heard great things about the restaurant from friends, they were right. Will try again.Came for brunch .. and I was happy that they had bottomless mimosas! The service was great, a little disappointed they were sold out of the dish I wanted to try but overall the food was tasty and I definitely come back for brunch again! The cornbread is a must try!Great food. Excellent restaurant with collection of well flavored foods are diverse and have great taste. The prices are reasonable especially for the quality.The place was busy, yes, but it took an hour and then some complaining to actually get our food. There was  no reason at all that it should have taken that long.   Some combination of server and/or chef  just plum forgot about  us. It was very tasty when it finally arrived, and they did comp us out drinks for the nonsense we endured , but part Of the experience is getting treated properly and we weren't.  I hope this is just growing pains and others have better luck .My 2nd time eating here, still impressed. Food service and ambiance are all very good. We were looking for somewhere to eat Christmas Eve at the last minute and stopped in to see if we could be seated.The service was excellent.  The food was amazing and delicious. A perfect spot for date night, friends, or the family.Unfortunately this place is not as good as I had heard. Both my friend and I have gone separately and did not enjoy it. Wish it was better since it's in this location.Our first visit to DTB was on opening day and the new restaurant was given a Four Star. A promise was made then to test them out for dinner and see if they rosed to a Five Star. Without any hesitation on our part DBT is a Five Star!
The operation is well organized and the staff performs like a symphony in concert. From making reservations with Margaret to any special needs or questions with the General Manager David everything in our experience flowed smoothly. 
And our time with Amy could not have been improved in any way. She was present when needed and let us be to enjoy a quiet dinner together. Amy knows the menu quite well and was so very helpful in making selections to our taste. 
The back of the house performs magic and produces flavors and taste that are a bit different from most of our restaurants. This is one of the few Cajun Restaurants In the Crescent City. 
Cocktails to start the evening off are better than nice. Good pours and a time for some experimentation. My wife did her usual Ketel One martini. I ventured out a bit with their Brown Butter Old Fashioned. A little different taste that has a kick; a very nice kick to it and stays on the tongue long after the liquor flows out of your mouth. The dehydrated booze soaked cherry in the bottom of the glass will have you picking it up with your fork to devour when the liquor is gone.
The wine list is varied in taste and price and it was nice to attempt to decide on a bottle. Knowing that the food will be flavorful and spicy made our selection of a Pinot Noir that much easier. We decided with the assistance of Amy on a 2011 Bethel Heights. We were happy with our selection. No salt and pepper shakers on the table in this restaurant; my kind of place.
We bypass the Beaucoup Plates for the T-Plates and to share a number of delights. The T in T-Plates stands for Petite in French or Cajun. New Orleans way of saying something.
The night's home run with the bases loaded was the Oyster Toast. Crispy oysters, brisket debris, gruyère, and horseradish aioli was just not enough on the plate to share. This delicacy was followed very closely in enjoyment with the Mushroom Boudin Balls, Pickled Shrimp, and the Hand Cut Fries. Would strongly recommend you combine the taste and flavor of the Oyster Toast with the Hand Cut Fries; thank me later.
And if you have room for dessert the choice is again difficult. The Ice Cream Sandwich was shared and the night ended with the St. George NOLA Coffee Liquor.
As you can tell if you read this entire Review we completely enjoyed our dinner,As a couple of coonasses born and raised in SWLA, we get real fussy about Cajun food in the Crescent City. Why? Because it's never as good as it is at home. Until now. 
We were actually on our way to another Oak St. restaurant and see DTB and changed plans quickly because we'd heard good things and we like a new spot. Nothing gets me fired up like Spanish moss and rebar, so I was in a great mood immediately. Until we saw the menu...everything had a meat component, and I quietly asked my husband if he'd looked to see if there was anything we could eat here but before he could answer our waiter said "don't worry!! Just about everything can be made vegetarian." Great mood, reactivated!! The menu is split into Sociables, T-Plates, Beaucoup Plates and Lagniappe so we were feeling happy about seeing language we don't see enough over here on the other side of the boot. 
We got a little bit of everything. Started with Mushroom Boudin Balls, which are now companies by smoked hummus instead of smoked mayo and are, therefore vegan, and sucked these things down like it was a race. Spicy. Crispy. Smoky. Delish. My husband got the Crawfish Fry Bread and didn't give me any so forget him. I assume it was great because he didn't share. We got the Roasted Asparagus which was exceptional - a salad of chopped asparagus, rice granola for crunch and a poached egg. Also ordered the Roasted Cauliflower which stunk up the joint, as cauliflower is wont to do. Worth it. I got the LA 1 Gumbo and I'm gonna say it - this gumbo was exceptional. Dark brown (the way my daddy makes it) and with shrimp boulettes instead of just plain ol shrimp, there was textural fun in there that you do t always get in gumbo. But the rice is what we need to talk about. It was Crab Fat Rice. That's rice, made with crab fat. Bobby the waiter said it's gonna be offered as lagniappe soon and I was tempted to leave my number. The gumbo WAS a tad too salty, but maybe they're still figuring out how to hold and reheat it?? Making gumbo at home is obviously different from making it in a pro kitchen, so I'm happy for them to figure it out. They'd been open for three weeks and I ate the whole bowl - I'm not trying to give grief and will totally order it again. I didn't even ask for Saltines!! 
Of course we got dessert!! He got an Ice Cream Sandwich which was absurdly large but delicious and I got the Seasonal Handpie. The season was Blueberry, and with candied jalapeños and creme anglaise you just won't do better when finishing a meal. 
Lu Brow is killing it on the cocktail front and we tried a couple - the Down the Bayou was great to start and the strawberries were fresh and matched the ginger so well, but once I ordered the Magnolia I stayed there. Like a French 75? Start here. 
We loved it here. Everything on their menu is from Louisiana and even if it wasn't great I'd frequent the place for this reason alone. BUT it's exceptional. I'm dying to bring our SWLA family here when they visit because it's a great balance of familiar flavors and ingredients done in totally new and surprising ways. Keep it up, team. The coonasses need you!!!!A great deal of thought and attention went into this restaurant. Service was excellent, the ambiance casual but elegant. The music local, diverse and intentional. Above all, the food was deconstructed and then recreated to elevate Cajun and creole classics to new levels.This was my first visit to DTB for Brunch and I loved it so much! It is a very cute modern spot on Oak St.  Nick was an awesome and charismatic waiter who made me fall in love with the place even more.   My friend and I were celebrating her belated birthday and we started off with bottomless mimosas and then quickly got into the delicious food. My friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich.  I ordered the cajun poutine, a side of bacon, and we shared the stuffed banana beignets. Everything was 10/10 and I will definitely be back soon!This place came highly recommended by a buddy.  I wish I could get on board with his enthusiasm for DTB, but Shari V and I found the place average.
For apps, we had the duck wings and squash blossoms.  The duck wings were tasty, but the wing sauce had congealed on the outside.  Who knows?   Maybe this was on purpose, but it had a slimy texture and certainly was not visually appealing.  For taste, the duck wings were decent.  The squash blossoms were stuffed with crawfish.  They were also ok.  I think we were served three and neither me nor Shari V were enthusiastic to eat the third one. 
For my entree, I had the short rib.  According to the menu, it was cooked over 48 hours.  That might have been a few hours too many.  The flavor was great.  Very smokey, which I like.  Unfortunately, the meat was a bit dried out.  For short rib, it was a little thin on marbling but maybe that's by design.  Not sure here, but with little marbling, each bite had to be taken down with a few follow up sips of beverage.  
Our server was nice.  She seemed to know very little about food and surprisingly not much about the menu.  I did have to flag down a water guy once or twice. 
As mentioned, DTB is ok.  I doubt we will repeat.Came here for 6:15pm was here about 2 hours for happy hour.  The service was atrocious! We had to ask for things twice every time.  The salad and fried chicken sandwich were on point.  Just the service was awful.  Wine was great!Went for happy hour tonight. Phenomenal choices on their happy hour menu. My daughter decided we needed to do the fish and chips, not on the happy hour menu. Two very large whole catfish which had a delicious crispy coating and the fries were delicious. Our friend had the chicken sandwich and dill chip, which was on the happy hour menu, very good. We shared the mac and cheese which was divine. 
 The bourbon drink is phenomenal. They infuse butter with the bourbon. Awesome and the bartender Casey was great, not to mention the chef checked on us several times. Have always loved this restaurant   Highly recommend.I had never heard of DBT (and didn't know what it stood for, either) when my wife and I were invited to a big group dinner here. That was only a week ago but now everyone I know seems to be talking about D(own) T(he) B(ayou). And for good reason.
Everything I ate and drank that night was quite good. I particularly enjoyed the gumbo and the oyster toast. There are lots of other things on the menu that I'm hoping to be able to try soon. I've got my eye on you, chicken schnitzel, mushroom boudin balls, and crawfish fry bread!
I had a Fogerty cocketail, which is a tasty blend of bourbon and peach. They have several other specialty cocktails that sounded good. About half my table got the DTB, a rum concoction with strawberries, citrus, and ginger. I might have to try that next time too.
The interior is modern and sleek and the service was perfectly fine -- no complaints on either. Prices are what you'd expect from a pretty nice place. It's certainly not cheap, but it's not over-priced either. 
Looking forward to going back DTB soon.Pretty delicious. I loved the boudin balls and the cornbread apps. We basically got all the apps to try but those were the best. The oysters were tasty, too. We got the braised short rib with grits and it wasn't what I was expecting but it was very good. The fish entree was delicious and even the fries with dill sauce. Yummm! OH and I got the banana toffee cake for dessert. Myyy goodness! That was delicious. Definitely want to go back.I finally got to try out DTB this morning for brunch. When we first got there at 10:30 it was empty, but filled up super quickly. The restaurant is cutely decorated. We had good service too. 
We started out with the stuffed banana beignets and fried cornbread. Both were delicious and everyone in our party of five got to try them. 
For my entree I had the Oak St. breakfast. I thought it was decent, my only complaint is that is came out cold. Other people in my party had the brisket debris breakfast, cornmeal waffle, and fried chicken sandwich. Everyone said they enjoyed their entrees.
Overall, I would definitely go back to DTB. I thought the ambiance, service, and food were all above average.We had some friends in town who picked this new spot for dinner on their last night. It is a beautiful restaurant and the service we received was excellent. Our (stunning!) server definitely made sure the drinks were flowing and made recommendations on the menu. 
Of the six of us, we tried a variety of cocktails and everything was very tasty while still packing a punch! I ordered my standard glass of Rose and it was a delight! Pick anything - you can't go wrong. 
For shareable foods, we ordered the cornbread and the oysters gratin. I individually ordered the gumbo and the chopped salad. Yall, this za'atar ranch is EVERYTHING. The gumbo is also very good and everyone was asking for a spoonful! I ordered the LA rice bowl as my dinner. 
I enjoyed the appetizers more than the rice bowl. I thought the prices were high for the portions especially on the Beaucoup plates. I also think the menu is a tad limited and very seafood based - for those who may not be ocean inclined, I would definitely check the menu in advance to make sure there is something suitable. Regardless of the menu selection, the service and ambiance -- casual upscale dining -- is well worth a trip down the Oak Street corridor!Brisket on a brisket above. 
My steak and eggs at the bottom was part of the COOLinary menu and OMGGGGG. Fries were part of my appetizer and beignets was the dessert option I chose. 
Lemme start w these fries... No idea what they seasoned this with but it was phenomenally delicious. I mean perfect crunch of shoe string fries and delicious savory flavor w/ a hint of citrus?? Crazy, it tasted a little lemony but soooo good. 
Their steak? Very tender and great quality steak. Probably one of the best steaks I've ever had that isn't from a steakhouse. The only thing I was disappointed in was the beignets. They were fried into little balls sprinkled with powdered sugar. I would do A LOT more sugar and maybe offer ice cream as an upcharge (or Nutella or some kinda other dipping sauce) because the beignet balls were a little plain. They came with a Bulgarian type cream but I wasn't a huge fan of the flavor.Holy. Crow. Is this stuff delicious! I can't remember details* like price or dish names but what I do remember is that literally everything I had was full of flavor and textures and looked very special on my plate. 
*I wish I could say more but I was already tipsy. Everything was in fact really good, though.I first came to this place in early summer, and instantly loved it. The decor stood out from the beginning - a wall made of cork, decorative air plants, a chandelier with moss, penny tile backsplash on a bright bar. They truly nailed the marriage between theme and style.
The first time I came in was for Sunday brunch earlier in the summer. I had the wagyu beef, my boyfriend had the burger. Both were fantastic. And those fries? I mean, not even fair. Outstanding. We loved that they offer bottomless mimosas and a make-your-own Bloody Mary bar - and one that includes less common pickled ingredients as well as uncommon flavors for the base of your Bloody (one was beet, I went with one that was orange in color). Service was great - our server was a young guy with a raspy voice, who was incredibly attentive throughout the meal, and in good spirits. The manager came and spoke with us for a bit as well. We left loving our experience, and excited to come back.
Finally made it back in for date night tonight. We had a few small plates and sides, as well as some drinks. I enjoyed my Brown Butter Old Fashioned, bae was thrilled about the Sonoma Pinot. The Blue Crab Pasta was definitely a standout, as were those damn French Fries. Our server was fantastic - tall bearded guy, with the world's best laugh - even if he refused to admit that they're clearly adding crack to the fries. (He swore it was dill and salt.)
This place really gets it right. Wowing us two times in a row isn't always easy, but DTB managed to do so in a way that makes it clear that this is normal for them. Cannot wait to come back.This place is good. I've heard about it for awhile and a couple of friends and I decided to check it out for brunch one Sunday. 
Service was good. They do bottomless mimosas which is the best part. I had the shrimp & grits for my meal. The only thing I would request next time is more sauce. The sauce wasn't enough for the grits. The grits were delicious cheese grits. Nice consistency and enough cheese and butter. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, just needed a bit more of that sauce. The sauce was so good too. I also didn't care for the potato hash...it's not a hash...it's hash browns and it was so dry... I didn't enjoy that at all. However, I most definitely will be back. There were a couple of other items I wanted to try out. 
Keep up the good work.The best! AMAZING food. 10/10 recommend trying for great food and drinks. Get salt water if you're trying to get REAL drunkFantastic spot on Oak Ave with a great new approach on the creole. The crawfish and dumplings was the best dish I've had in a very long time. The right amount of spice and savory flavors. We had a small group of four and shared numerous small plates so we could taste a little bit of everything, and we didn't have a single bad taste. I will return......just save room for dessert and signature cocktails. Totally worth the price!!DTB is a solid choice for happy hour or brunch. My most recent visit was for happy hour, which has an incredible list of food for $5 each. Fried chicken sandwich mania is high at the moment, and DTB's is excellent. The mac and cheese was flavorful and decadent, although I preferred to add pepper. The brunch here is also a great value. I haven't tried anything I didn't enjoy, and the bottomless mimosas have just the right bubbles-to-orange juice ratio and they are generously flowing. I have brought visitors from out of town here for brunch several times because I know it will be consistently good. I thought DTB was a bit off the radar, but happy hour on a Wednesday was packed! I will definitely be back for that chicken sandwich. 
The only negative thing about my recent visit was that my friend and I were overcharged- we had three glasses of bubbles each, but somehow seven glasses were on the bill, which we didn't notice until we already had our credit cards run, so we didn't comment. 
If you're looking for a new happy hour or brunch spot, this is it!!Had amazing brunch with my daughters today.  We had the Oak Street breakfast - the grits and country gravy were great, Wagu burger, Etouffe Benedict.  All were excellent.  Only disappointment was the Pimm's Cup.
Strongly recommend you give it a try.Crawfish dumplings, mushroom boudin balls, and cornbread with jalapeños & goat cheese make for DELICIOUS appetizers at @dtbnola!
-
I also recently tried their spicy crab claws & OMG THEY WERE INCREDIBLE.
-
This is hands down one of my favorite eateries in town and the staff and chef are always so friendly!! Have you made it to DTB, yet? Don't forget they also have an amazing happy hour!Great drinks and food. We stopped in here to eat after a long day at work. I had a mint berry mule, my coworker had a spring cocktail (don't remember which one) but said it was really good. 
I ordered the Crawfish & Dumplings, my coworker ordered the Brussel Sprouts and  Pork Belly. Both were delicious. The flavors were balanced creamy and light. I only wish I had a little bread to sop up the rest of the sauce.Found this gem on Oak St. and I wish I would've found it sooner! Place it beautiful but the food is amazing. Got the snapper tarter and WOW!! They were super friendly and flexible with gluten free options and I was able to order the creole tomato salad with fried oysters which was refreshing and full of flavor. The chef also came out and expressed how thankful he was for us coming in. We came in at 5:30pm in the midst of Phase 1 reopening from COVID and staff was really thankful we were able to help.I'm basically in love with this place. I've been only 3 times but each time is such an amazing experience and I enjoy each dish that I order. The staff is also very friendly and I love the atmosphere!My second time dining here and yet again I'm left speechless.  Started the night with, the cornbread, jalapeño fries, and Brussels with pork belly... each fantastic in its on way.  Those Brussels sprouts though, out of this world!!!  The main courses consisted of, the short rib, center cut steak and Boudin stuffed chicken.  My steak was cooked perfectly, the mushrooms that went with is were amazing, the chicken was moist and the boudin was jam packed with flavor.  I didn't get to try too much of the short rib, but the small bite I had was excellent, it melted in my mouth and those grits... wow!  For dessert we had the trifle and the king cake soufflé... both a great ending to a great wonderful night.  For drinks I got the Salt Water and my boyfriend got the Ghost cucumber... Or was it Cucumber ghost... I can't quite remember but like everything else I'd experienced through out the evening, they were excellent.  
Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a dinner here.  This is more than just amazing food, it's a great experience.  The care and effort put into each dish really shows.  I can't wait to bring my friends and family here when they visit!Wings are killer here, drinks and bartender skills leave much to be desired. Definite dive bar, ok for a quick stop but you aren't missing much if you skip itHappy Hour at DBT is one of my favorites in the city. $5 for wine and well drinks and their well is top shelf, not anything cheap. The first time I went, we split some of the small plates but can't really remember anything too memorable there so I'll revisit that when I return.
This was my second visit here and Ramona was our waitress both times. As I remembered Ramona's name, she had also remembered mine too! She's so nice and bubbly that you'll want to seek her out to help you!
I got the spicy bloody Mary and I requested blue cheese olives. Even better Ramona suggested that they had pimento stuffed olives! What, what? Awesome addition to my spicy bloody Mary accompanied by string beans and get this...a seasoned cracklin! See picture to see the full drink!
Love Ramona and can't wait to return with friends!Great new restaurant on Oak street uptown! I came in for happy hour on a Friday around 5 and we had the option of sitting at the bar, at high shareable tables, or outside. We chose to sit at the end of a high shareable table, which allowed us to chat with others but talk on our own when we wanted to. I'd heard about their happy hour ($5 small plates, half off Louisiana draft beer, half off 6 ounce wine pours, and half off well cocktails) so I came determined to try a bunch of different dishes. 
Dishes we ordered:
Fried cornbread -- OH MY GOSH. These were absolutely amazing! First of all, I love love love cornbread so frying it made it even better! Plus it was paired with a goat cheese -- yum! We ended up ordering a second order because we enjoyed them so much
Fries -- really yummy! They weren't quite as crispy as I would have liked but they were flavorful and I really liked the dill za'atar ranch that came on the side
Crab potatoes -- I liked these but the pickled lemon was a little overpowering
Mushroom Boudin balls -- didn't taste like mushrooms at all! The flavor was very smokey and tasted like actual meat (but it is totally vegetarian). I liked them but I didn't love them.
Cauliflower Rillettes -- really liked this! It was served as a dip with toast, which was fun to eat. The flavors were really great, especially the sweetness of the fennel-raisin preserve.
*Yes I know we went very carb heavy but I like carbs and it was happy hour so we treated ourselves.
Overall, very very happy with the food we ordered! The space itself was absolutely beautiful, it seemed very down home chic while still feeling natural in New Orleans (didn't seem too upscale New York/ San Francisco/ etc.). DTB seems like a great spot to go for a date or with a group of friends for cocktails and dinner. While the main dinner plates aren't cheap, I can definitely see myself returning for a nicer dinner or another happy hour. All in all, I'll definitely be back!
Food -- 4.5 stars
Price -- 4 stars normally (5 for happy hour)
Drinks -- 4.5 stars (good selection)
Service -- 4.5 stars
Atmosphere -- 4.5 starsOur starters were amazing. My catfish was delicious. My husband's rice bowl was sorely lacking in the flavor department and was skimpy with the proteins. My friend's crab pasta was inedible. The garlic was so overwhelming, none of us could manage more than a bite. After all of that, we still got attitude from the waiter, the few times he even acknowledged our existence. It's not a smart business practice to judge potential patrons based on their looks. We felt uncomfortable and ignored, but I still tipped well. Step it up yall...I've been here 3 times. The 1st visit I was excited to have new happy hour options on Oak. I really enjoyed both the food and drinks. On my 2nd visit I ordered fried chicken and in the middle of eating it I realized that it was still raw. I enjoyed the 1st visit so much that I decided to do a 3rd. The drinks were weak, I waited at least 30 minutes for fries and they came out cold. Definitely my last visit. The service was just as horrible as the food. The interior and bar are both beautiful but unfortunately I will never go again.Hello my new favorite brunch place. Hello delish savory bacon side dish. Hello creamiest grits under sauciest shrimp and most scrumptious mushrooms. Hello my bottomless mimosas.
But why oh why oh my new love do you live uptown when I am a midcity girl? Will cruel fate keep us apart forever? Will our lives ever again be entwined in sweet bliss as I do dearly wish?
Until then oh my love.
XoxoxoxoxoSquid Ink Crab Pasta, Porkbelly, Crawfish and Dumplings and wash it down with a Fire on the Bayou . This has to be my new favorite date night spot. They have table and booth seating...But honestly grab a chair by the bar and talk to Timothy (Best Bartender Ever). You not leave this restaurant disappointed!The best! AMAZING food. 10/10 recommend for great food and drinks. Get salt water if you're trying to get REAL drunk