Very good food and service. A small place but the food was as good as you get. Off the beaten path, but should be on your radar for quality and tasty food. Only downside,  the bathroom was broken. Time to call the plumber.Awesome brunch spot! There is usually a wait, but just put your name on the list, venture down the block for a Bloody Mary and come on back! We dropped off a couple of bottles of champagne to be chilling for our future mimosas. {They are BYOB.} For starters, we ordered the deviled eggs and chicken livers. The eggs were great, as I hear were the livers. (I don't eat those:) I really couldn't make up mind what to order, as everything sounded delicious, so I ended up with a BLT and a side of fried green tomatoes which I promptly added to my sandwich. The spread that came with it put this ordinary sandwich way over the top! Everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered. The atmosphere is really happy, too!Nice appearance. The place looks good maybe a little bit hip. Friendly service. Food: nothing impressive.
We got fried artichokes with a very good blue cheese sauce. So far so good. Then the main course came. The cochon was good. But nothing extraordinary. The crawfish pie was hard to digest and the cheese covered all other tastes (crawfish taste is delicate).
For dessert we had chocolate cake and ice cream. Again nothing wrong but If you want to have some great food experience do not come here.Incredible place! Yes, BYOB from the corner market one block away. We showed up right as they opened at 5:30 and had no problem getting a table for two on a Friday night without a reservation. I had the chicken fried chicken - the cream gravy was to die for, perhaps the only time I've had gravy that rivaled my grandmother's. We had an appetizer, two entries with salads, and desert with coffee/tea, all for $60 before the tip. With 20% tip and the bottle of wine we bought it was still only $85 in total. What a great experience for a good price. I wish we had a place like this in Boulder, CO.We came here for lunch, showed up a little before noon and were the first ones to be served.  The dining hall is small so if you don't want to wait get here early like we did.  I get the feeling that the menu changes a lot depending on what local stuff if in season.  Check it before going in so you aren't surprised that what you came to eat isn't being served this day.  Also, they don't serve Alcohol, so BWOB, we saw some folks arrive with bubbly right after us.  Also they take a break in the middle of the day and are closed for a few hours.
Over all the experience was amazing, we had the talapia sandwich and the fried catfish each with fried green tomatoes, then we finished with bread pudding...amazing.  The catfish was flaky and soft and tender and very tasty, the talapia was meaty, flavorful and had great texture. The tomatoes were light and delightful. The bread pudding came out in a little ceramic boat covered in pecans in what tasted like a sherry sauce, this was the best I had all trip.From the moment we walked into Eat, I knew it was going to be a great experience. This little gem is so unassuming from the outside, but absolutely adorable the moment you open the door. The walls are ocean blue with really interesting local art for sale. The tables are covered in white butcher paper and they have a shelf of pickled veggies and jams for sale. I bought some strawberry jam and can't wait to go home and tear into it. I was clapping before my food even made it to the table, I figure someone put a lot of love into the decor so I couldn't imagine the love that they must pour into their food. I was not disappointed. 
I had the Fried Catfish Po-Boy and it was heaven on a bun. The Catfish was lightly battered and oh so delicate. We had 2 people at our table who didn't like Catfish but couldn't keep their hands off my plate. I am admittedly addicted to french fries and happily finished the mound of curly fries on my plate. My husband had the fried green tomatoes as a side to his blackened Tilapia and boy were they perfection. They are coated in the most delicious batter and paired with the perfect dipping sauce. My cousin had the red beans and rice and it was the most flavorful that I have ever had. 
I would go back here in a second! Eat has it all right, cute interior, great service, and food cooked with love.This was our last day in Nola, and we both decided that this probably was the best place we went to for eating overall! It was the Sunday brunch and I had fig/marscapone waffle with grits, poached eggs, bacon, and I think that's all! It was divine!
The person I went with had the fried green tomatoes with poached egg and hollandaise sauce on top with extra thick cut bacon underneath!
We both thought these were some of the most memorable dishes we had in Nola. I however love chicken livers, so I ordered some of those. But I thought they tasted burnt. Too bad, I wouldn't order those again. And the other person with me had banana fritters with peanut butter and chocolate. They were terrific, but they certainly didn't need the peanut butter and chocolate. They could stand on their own.
Now since this was the last day, I decided to try I mint julep... I had some at the Pebble Beach food and wine expo several years ago that put me under the carpet - those were certainly memorable. But this was absolutely comparable to them. And you should know that I never drink bourbon or whiskey or any of that stuff. But I had their mint julep's and if I must confess yes, it was at 11 AM. It was a good thing I was getting on the airplane.
This is absolutely a place I would return to. Thanks very muchEnjoyed everything we ordered. Chicken and dumplings were great, albeit a bit light on the chicken. Had the vanilla pie for desert which was outstanding.Que Manifique! This place was out of this world! My sister and I strolled in before closing and we are so glad we did! The service was amazing and the food was everything we wanted and more! I had the shrimp and crab fettuccine with fried green tomatoes. My sister had the chicken and dumplings with baked mac n cheese. It was outstanding! The decor is super adorable and the walls are adorned with pictures of classic cars from Cuba. If you want to eat some really phenomenal food that is reasonably priced check this place out!Eric did an amazing job.  It was a very nice change from the loudness of the rest of the French quarter.  Ordered the trio it was good however the chicken gumbo is to die forFantastic!!! The menu was so interesting that we couldn't decide on an entree, so we ordered several small plates: hog head cheese, shrimp boulettes, Caesar salad, butter beans and shrimp, and fried green tomatoes. Everything was amazing. The waiter then comp'd us a cup of gumbo because he said it was so good we had to try it. Buttery, smokey, sweet, complex bundle of flavors that just kept on giving. 
Great food, great service, totally reasonable price. Go now!The eggs dauphine and fried green tomatoes with remoulade were amazing! Plus, they were willing to make it vegetarian for me (take out the ham, extra tomatoes) and were super nice about it. Best brunch in New Orleans.It took over 10 minutes just to get water for the table. They had fruit flies around us before the food even came out. The crawfish pie was good but everything else was average at best.This place is just yummy.  For any foodie it's a dream.  The perfect twist on homestyle cooking that keeps everything fresh and new.  You can also BYOB here which is an added plus in my book!!  Try this little nugget!Cochon dinner ($19) was amazing!Chicken & Dumplings were good. Deviled eggs were decent. Gumbo was nothing special.
BYOB. 
Service was good. 
Not a fan of the name.Breakfast/Bruch was amazing. The Eggs Dumaine are very rich but so good! The wife had the eggs daphine which was just as good, if not better.Food was excellent. Not "real" southern cooking BUT the stuffed peppers and Mac and cheese were amazing. We were sorta turned off by the environment because the website said its a BYOB establishment with cheap dinner specials. We figured we'd check it on a Saturday night. After walking in with our cups of beer, we had to instantly sober up due to the fact that everyone was sipping on their wine bottles and having dinner by candlelight. 
Thought time was pretty cool that they ask for your number at the door then text you when the table is ready.Looking to get an authentic Cajun meal before a night out in the French Quarter, my friend and I identified EAT New Orleans as our selection (thanks in part to Yelpers like you), and I'm glad to say that EAT lived up to our high expectations. Upon walking into the small but cozy restaurant, we were immediately seated by a window and brought menus. It's BYOB, which we didn't know before arrival, but our livers probably thanked us for delaying our drinking an additional hour. 
Brief observation: while waiting for our food, we saw some people come and get turned away, but others come in and be immediately seated when there was an open table. While this may have been due to the restaurant approaching closing time and not wanting to start a wait list, it may be advisable to call ahead to confirm availability if you're not just in the neighborhood.
I got the Fried Catfish; my friend, the Shrimp and Crab Fettuccine. The Catfish was juicy and savory with a nice cripsy batter (though I was left wishing I had one more piece), while the Fettuccine was rich and creamy. Both came with sides that were equally delicious. The service was fine, nothing to complain about or commend; we left happy and sated. For quality NOLA food at a moderate price point, I'd recommend stopping by for a visit.I actually found Eat on Yelp, and the restaurant did not disappoint!  After taking my boss to Port of Call the night before, I knew I had to find a more up-scale yet still affordable restaurant for dinner.  Eat looked great, the menu looked amazing, and I knew we wouldn't be drinking, so the BYOB thing wasn't an issue.
The restaurant is ridiculously charming.  Just a block off of Bourbon Street, it feels like you're in a different world.  Our waiter Alex was awesome - he was adorable, so accommodating, and wasn't the least bit fazed by changing dinner options and adding dessert after the bill had been delivered.  
And the food - oh, the food!  I had the pork tenderloin with mac and cheese.  The pork was delicious, though the glaze was a tad sweet, but the mac and cheese was some of the best mac and cheese I have EVER had, and I grew up in South Carolina.  I would go back just for the mac and cheese.
We weren't going to get dessert, then decided to get the pecan pie a la mode.  Once again, some of the best pecan pie I have EVER had, and this is a staple in my home town.
This was the perfect place for a quiet, relaxing dinner with great food, a pleasant atmosphere, and fantastic service.Perfectly prepared food in generous quantities. BYOB. Sweetly caramelized onions on braised pork with home made Mac and cheese is wonderful.We surprised a friend for her birthday on our trip to the Big Easy, and found Eat on (where else) Yelp - thanks, guys! 
The weather was not kind to us on the day we had 7 p.m. reservations, so some of our plans changed several times throughout the day. We ended up changing our reservation to catch a show at Preservation Hall, and Eat graciously let us make our reservation for 9 p.m. 
I'm so glad they did, because the food at Eat is phenomenal. I'm not sure if the menu changes regularly, but take my advice and if you see fried food on the menu - do it. I don't care what your aversion to unhealthy food and trans fats and all that crap are. Fried catfish and chicken fried chicken should not be missed. Also, I think half of our table ordered the crawfish pie and mmm'ed the entire meal. 
Eat is a BYO! Now you know. 
Oh, and the night we went, amazing late-80s, early-90s tunes were playing in the background. Sorry, every-other-BYO-in-the-world, Eat just stole my heart.Good food great service.  A little over priced on the entrees.  Though the portions are large. Three ate on 1 appetizer, gumbo, a side salad, 1 entree, 3 sides and a desert with leftovers to spare. Recommend the beef shrimp stuffed pepperI consider a meal amazing only if I want to keep stuffing myself until the danger zone. The shame of gorging until potentially puking ranks below eating food so good you can't stop. The fried green tomato breakfast was incredibleeee. The tomatoes were amazing and omg the biscuit and grits. OMG THE BISCUIT. 
One friend got the breakfast with pork and greens and she talked about the greens the rest of the trip. Another had the lox and bagel and it was covered with beautiful exotic fruit and they obviously do their own salmon but its no competition for the fried green tomato breakfast. It will change you.What a great spot! Far enough away from Bourbon Street that it doesn't feel touristy, but close enough that you can easily walk there. Our waiter, Andy, was super friendly and happily explained some of the menu items that I was unsure of. My husband and I shared the crawfish boulettes as a starter - so yum! Crispy breadcrumbs and a definite crawfish flavour. My husband had the barbeque shrimp while I had the crawfish étouffée. Both portions were huge and delicious - my dinner came with two sides as well. We then shared the bread pudding for dessert, which had a definite whisky flavour that finished the meal perfectly. Definitely worth a visit!Chose to go here after reading all the positive Yelp reviews, even though they do not have an ABC license. The soul food spoke for itself supposedly. We were greeted by 2 very nice employees; one of whom turned out to be our server. He was so high, we couldn't carry on a conversation. I was concerned we wouldn't have a positive experience but we plundered on. My fiancé ordered the deviled eggs with bacon as a starter. Eggs had been made far in advance and were so ice cold they were flavorless. I had the fried green tomato remoulade as a first course. I was pleasantly surprised each tomato was topped with a shrimp that was perfectly cooked. The remoulade was mustard-based and very bitter. For the main course, I chose to just have some sides. The macaroni and cheese was actually cut spaghetti and cheese, something I'd never encountered when ordering this dish. It was ok, not what I was expecting. I also ordered their smothered greens, which were supposed to be smothered in onions and vinegar...well, I think I actually got just the plain turnip greens...no onions and definitely not smothered. My fiancé got the chicken fried chicken, which he said was salty. His sides were the butter beans with shrimp and rice. They were tasty and well-seasoned. We were both full at this point so we ordered desert to go. Their flourless chocolate peanut butter cake was highly recommended by our server. When we got home and tasted it, it was so dry I had to throw it away...it was not even palatable. Overall, I was very disappointed in the food and in my experience in this restaurant. I will not return.lovely place for brunch, can bring your own champagne! great food but not a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. great service from our waiter josh. definitely will be back, great atmosphereI had the most AMAZING brunch ever last weekend at EAT!  I am a brunch connoisseur, and these guys have nailed it.  We had a very short wait outside, which was actually a good sign --- when there are people lined up to get in.  We had a party of two, so the wait was not as long as larger parties. I shared a plate of their shrimp and grits, along with their apple caramel pancakes.  Unbelievable! I don't usually order or eat shrimp and grits; just not my thing, but I was asked to come out of my comfort zone, which I am pleased to say that I did.  This place is a BYOB joint, so you can bring your own champagne, which was something new for me. That, along with a carafe of their fresh-squeezed orange juice just added to the meal.  The place has a quintessential New Orleans look and feel to it, which just adds to the already cool vibe there.  
LOVED it!Definitely a must visit on a trip to NOLA. BYOB encouraged, no corkage fee. You just have to buy the orange juice for mimosa's. The portions were big and the prices were very good for a brunch. They accomodated  a group of 12 of us and had great service.We were looking for something to eat in the French quarter and came across Eat.  Literally my only complaint is that it's not handicap accessible but that was easily overcome with some help from some strangers lifting the wheelchair up the step.  We ordered 2 burgers.  I felt $13 for a burger without cheese was a bit steep but you are in the French quarter so....   we did order them with cheese.  My son was in love with the amount of cheese they put on!  Red bean and Sausage gumbo was wonderful.  My wife ordered the chicken fried chicken.  Portion was big and delicious.  That day they also had a special on wild mushroom soup.  Wonderful for a mushroom lover!  Great wait staff as well.  Very friendly and polite.Delicious.  Had a fantastic meal here this past weekend.  Was in town for a friends bachelorette and we had a reservation for 12 ppl.  Everyone from our waiter to the two chefs who each claimed to be the "head" chef were very friendly and attentive.  I had the flank steak and garlic smashed potatoes.  Delicious and cooked to perfection.  One of my friends had the stuffed pepper which was so tasty I almost finished that too.  The serving size was perfect, BYOB worked out great and best of all it was so reasonably priced!  Definitely stopping back in the next time I am in town!Eat was a great, unexpected surprise. The breakfast was amazing. The "Eggs Cochon" was probably the best breakfast meal I've ever had. I travel a lot so that's quite a statement. We also have the deviled eggs with smoke salmon as a starter.  Look forward to having dinner there the next time we are in NOLA!I LOVED it.  It's a great place to start your trip off in the French Quarter.  Eat looks like it was once a house.  Very quaint with a small kitchen in the back.  The dining area is decorated with paintings of people in Mardi-Gras costumes.  The Chicken Gumbo and Shrimp Po'Boy was my first New Orleans meal (this time), but well worth it.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  
Good for groups but definitely make sure to call ahead because of the smaller space.Beautiful restaurant set just one block off Burbon Street.. I went in , looking for New Orleans cuisine; my gosh, I was not dissappointed!  They've got a very nice staff. The upscale decor adds to the experience, while people eat there in  casual dress.  I ordered stuff I though i'd like and was right. The chicken and andouille gumbo was delicious, not very spicy, and the pork tenderloin with carmelized onions was really magic. That's not just carmellized onions- there's a seasoning I can't identify that makes it among the best meals I've ever had.  Thanks, you all!Hip, friendly, attentive service. Great food starting with the appetizers. We enjoyed our first dinner so much ( boulettes and trout entre were the faves) that we booked for the 4 course New Years Eve dinner. Everything was excellent particularly the turtle soup, boudin stuffed quail, and every dessert was delicious. This place is BYOB. There is a little shop one block down but I would recommend planning in advance and bringing a lovely bottle of wine to match your meal.I'm giving them 5 stars because I can't think of anything to fault.
I went at "brunch time" on a Sunday.  They do not take reservations except for dinner.  They do have an electronic "waiting list" and will text you when your table's ready.  I was told it would be about 30 minutes and it turned out to be more like 20 minutes.
I ordered "The Trio" which was supposed to be chicken/sausage gumbo, white beans and a stuffed pepper (preceded by a small Caesar salad).  The waitress informed me the white beans weren't up to their standards and offered several substitutions--I happily chose fried green tomatoes with remoulade.  It was all delicious and the portions small but reasonable for a lunch/brunch meal.
The room is very pleasant, not overly crowded like many New Orleans places.  The table was covered with an actual white linen cloth.  All the staff I encountered were exceptionally kind, competent and seemed eager to please.Fantastic!  Cochon was delicious. 
Great atmosphere. Attentive staff. 
Very reasonable for the price.The food was ok but the waiter was terribly rude to me. While I was ordering, he had the nerve to tell me that there was no such thing as scrambled eggs medium and that he wasn't going to do it. The place is overrated. I will NOT be returning.Food was mediocre as well as the service. Both of us ordered the three course dinner and they ran out of 2of the three desserts offered. I probably wouldn't attempt it again. Pretty slow all around.took over 20 minutes to finally get the desserts...By far the best food we had in NO on our trip. Affordable, tasty and inviting! We loved this place and will make sure to come back on future visits.Randomly stumbled on this establishment, Had dinner, not a lot of options on the menu but still decent choices. Had a piece of fried frog legs for the first timeHad Saturday morning breakfast.  Unique menu that was enticing.  I had the chicken fired steak and it was not like what you find at home.  Fantastic!  Filling, tasty and fresh.  Biscuit was thick and yummy.  I had a big breakfast to prep me for the Drink and Learn tour.Excellent neighborhood eatery..service is top notch. Love the Caeser's dressing, Catfish and crawfish boullettes. If you're planning to eat there on Friday or Saturday evening, best to make a reservation..we didn't but the wait was only 30 minutes..Pleasantly surprised at the Chicken and Dumplings..not what I expected..but very good!Very cozy little spot.  BYOB, unfortunately we didn't make it to a store to bring something with us.  Fantastic option though.  Service was a little slow to get started but recovered nicely.  
Food was solid. Quiet and cozy.Food:
Mediocre.  Had the trio.  Gumbo was watery.  Stuffed pepper was very bland.  The red beans and rice were good.  Portions are small by NOLA standards.
Service:
Bad.  Their entire interaction with me:  First waiter takes my order, seems nice.  Later places salad on my table wordlessly.  A second waiter says, "you got the trio?", places meal on my plate with no other words.  A 3rd waiter drops the bill on my table - while I'm still eating - says nothing else.  I flag 3rd waiter and ask for the dessert menu and I'm told the kitchen is closed (they could have asked me before the kitchen closed).  My water was never refilled until after I finished my meal.
Decor:
Nice.  White tablecloth, flowers on table, modern.Yum, this place is really awesome. We ate here twice during our trip and both times were excellent. Our servers were super nice and we never had to wait for a table. Service was a little bit slow but the place was pretty crowded!
The first time we came here we weren't super hungry so we decided to split an appetizer and a main course. Fried green tomatoes remoulade are something to be tried. They're delicious and something I've always heard about but never have had the chance to eat. We also shared "The Trio", which had gumbo, red beans, and a stuffed pepper. Mmm. All 3 were drool worthy.
Second night we came here we were really hungry and each got a main course. My boyfriend tried the pot roasted chicken with a side of smothered greens. Whoa, that chicken was good! So flavorful!!! I had the crawfish pie and a side of garlic mashed potatoes. Loved my dinner. The crawfish pie looked like a piece of cheesy pizza that had a pie crust.. insides were filled with a delicious sauce and crawfish. I don't normally take a picture of my food but it was so good that I went ahead and snapped a quick one! The garlic mashed potatoes were so so so tasty. I almost ordered the fried green tomatoes again but I'm glad I tried these instead. They were amazing.
Dinner for two comes to a little over $40 with tax & tip. Definitely a place within our budget that was completely delicious.Outstanding breakfast.  7 people, 7 different entries.  Each one fantastic.  You can't go wrong here.  The place is small-ish but the staff was very accommodating.  Prices are a bit high but the food is great.  The wait can be longer for a large group (they really only have one large table).  True - they don't have alcohol, but you can BYOB from the bar across the street.We ate brunch and lunch here during our New Orleans stay. Both meals very good, the fried chicken is huge and delish. Perhaps on the pricey side for ordinary dishes, but they were quite tasty.
Sun:
Eggs Dauphine: Stacked poached eggs, country ham, fried green tomatoes, and hollandaise, with a homemade biscuit - $13
Big Breakfast: Chicken fried chicken with country gravy, two eggs, grits, and a homemade biscuit - $16
Thurs:
Fried chicken w/ 2 sides: butter beans, small salad - $18
Fried catfish w/2 sides: butter beans, small salad - $18
It's a small cute place, very light and bright. Not much room to wait during busy hours.
Location: East end of the French Quarter at Dumaine and Dauphine.Fantastic place for brunch!! We had a group of 7 and were able to be seated right away (even though it was a saturday). We all seemed to try a lot of different things on the menu, all of which were great! I tried the crawfish balls and had the Eggs Cochon and they were both outstanding. The Cochon, along with some of their other entrees, were a unique twist on eggs benedict. Also, they DO NOT serve alcohol here! However, our server informed us of a rule that we could BYOB and the first bottle is free, then the second is a $15 fee. I strolled down one block to a little store and grabbed two bottles of champagne and we just order a few pitchers of orange juice to make mimosas! The $15 fee really wasn't a big deal when you think about how much it would've cost each of us to have multiple alcoholic drinks. If I had stayed in the area longer, I definitely would've been back here multiple times! Highly recommend! Enjoy :)A phenomenal experience! We arrived starving and in grungy travel clothes, but the waitstaff didn't bat an eye and seated us quickly. Every bite was delicious; the crawfish boulettes were amazing, as were the butter beans and the crawfish pie. We did the 3 course prix fixe, which was a very reasonable $23. We left STUFFED! The waiter was excellent and attentive, and gave honest answers when we had questions about the menu, about his favorite items and what to expect from dishes we weren't familiar with. Would happily recommend to anyone, and would absolutely return.Overpriced, run-of-the-mill food spot. Terrible music playing. I had the breakfast sandwich with a side of bacon that was technically a chicken/bacon/Swiss. Not good. Tried the stuffing for the bell peppers. Not good. Too chunky with okay seasoning. Tried the gumbo as well. Not good. Very basic and the chicken that was in it was dry as hell. Not good. I can get a filling meal for the price of a sandwich at far better places in the quarter. Sorry Eat New Orleans, you're just not for me.My husband and I came upon this place as we were walking through the Quarter.  He ordered the chicken fried chicken and I had the soft shell crab po'boy special.  I honestly don't recall a more silent meal that the two of us have shared... we just kept staring at each other and our eyes got wider while we ate.  This food is INCREDIBLE!  The gravy on his chicken made me want to cry and those crabs were perfect. They were two of the most savory plates of food I've ever had. If they served drinks they'd get SIX stars.  Eat here!Amazing food. Great service. 
Crawfish étouffée was amazing and the staff was quite helpful.Dinner, small plates, amazing value! Really blown away by the fact that my gf & I got so many awesome small plates and sides for not very much at all. Everything was delicious. Oh yeah, BREAD PUDDING. good night. Also, its BYOB so definitely plan on that.A great corner place. I had a trio. It was very delicious. The stuffed pepper is over the top, gumbo is really good. BYOB makes it more enjoyable. The decor is cozy and the the people are very nice, try it if you haven't already.
My wife don't  like crawfish, however she ordered crawfish pie based on the server's recommendation. I am amazed she ate more than half of it. Must be good too :-))Great food, nice casual atmosphere, very friendly staff. Will be back!  Short ribs were delicious and the cochin (pulled pork) is a must have. Yum!ummm...seriously patrick m, are you sure you actually ate at this restaurant???? i find all of your alleged accusations impossible to believe! this little restaurant does a really good job. Note to all: they do not serve alcohol, which is very rare for any restaurant in the 504....so they actually have to do a better job than anyone else in town with their food...which they do.......and they do it very well. Top favorites: great hamburger, the butter beans are to die for (almost), the chicken fried chicken, anything for dessert....you won't find any of that pre-prepared sysco crapola here! Give it a try, you won't get ripped off, you'll leave full and you will get great service!This restaurant was very highly rated so my wife and I had to give it a try. No alcohol served here, so I had to run down the street a block to Matassa's to buy a bottle of wine which was no problem. The food was awesome, from the fried green tomatoes with remoulade to the fried catfish (best ever!). Blue cheese/fig/Balsamic vinegar with crostini appetizer and an excellent chef salad. We also had a smothered greens with parmesan cheese gratin for an appetizer. My one regret is we were so full we couldn't order dessert. BUMMER! Very reasonable restaurant I would highly recommend. Try it - you'll love it!Cozy restaurant on the corner that feels a little like a converted ground-floor apartment with nice nooks for seating. Solid cajun food with nice range of specials that left me just enough to choose from without feeling overwhelmed. Fried okra was great, as was the salmon & dill special. 
Quick note: this place doesn't have a bar, so make sure to grab some beer or wine at the convenience store a block away before you head in!It's BYOB. Food blew us away. Best gumbo I've ever had. Tender pork loin and server was bad ass. Thanks guys"A" for effort - i like the concept and idea of using local ingredients and local flavors but their execution on the taste wasn't great.  we gave them 2 chances, we went for dinner and for sunday brunch... and both times were mediocre, if that.
dinner.... fish was flavorful but overcooked... veggies weren't cut evenly so some veggies weren't even cooked.....mac and cheese, the pasta was mushy and overcooked...  pork was well executed... the side dish of shrimp and butterbeans was pretty good and pretty flavorful :) and the bread pudding was way to sweet...
brunch... poached eggs were fine... grits were too salty... breakfast sandwich was pretty good but nothing special... the peanut butter and banana pancake special was ok but they forgot the bananas on mine... and the check took forever to get at the end... 
food is priced appropriately... not expensive and not super cheap... 
location and atmosphere were good...This place was delicious. The guy at the Voodoo Historical Museum down the street recommended the Eggs Dauphine, which he said was basically a cajun twist on Eggs Benedict. I've never been a huge Benedict eater, but we decided to go with his suggestion. Totally amazing. The sauce was great, the fried green tomatoes were delicious, and the egg was poached perfectly.
I had the gumbo, which was also really good, but not quite as exciting and memorable as the Eggs Dauphine. Atmosphere here is clean and modern. We had to wait 30 minutes to get a table, which I understood when I started to eat their food.The Cochon with mustard greens was wonderful! Everything else is "meh". The decor is awful. Other than the modern chairs, it looks like they took no time to decorate. I came to this restaurant originally because of the "chicken and dumplings" reviews on Yelp. Unfortunately, they took it off the menu. 
Maybe the company is trying to be hip and young, but the waiters are not professional. Our waiter had no name tag, wore a hoodie, and had his hands in his pockets each time he talked to us. When I asked what was in the stuffed bell peppers he said "pork and shrimp", and I asked what else- rice, sauce, anything- and he said he didn't know. Not cool. He should have went to the back and asked. My husband ordered the burger. It's comes plain and you have to pay a dollar for each add on (cheese, bacon, etc). It's a huge rip off. For my side I got the baked mac and cheese and it was not good. Seemed like ordinary spaghetti  noddles with cheese... not baked with a crust at all. 
We spent about $40 for 2 people, and it was not worth it for the price. However, as mentioned from above, the Cochon with mustard greens was very tasty! That's the only reason I -might- come back.Cute little cafe, reminds me of similar places back in California. It was recommended to me by a local. So I ordered the crawfish pie and fried green tomatoes. I guess crawfish is an acquired taste because I didn't like it at all. Tomatoes were better. My server ignored me to the point that I had to get up and go to the kitchen to pay.Brunch was amazing. Hidden gem. We each had something with pork in in. Delicious. Definitely recommend the Cochon. Grits were buttery yummness.Yummy!  This place was a great find!!  We asked the waiter what to order and went with it.They are keepin it simple at Eat, so I'll do the same:
BYOB, Yay!
Crawfish boulettes, Yum!
Gumbo, Yum!
Pork tenderloin, Triple-double-yum!
Pot-roasted chicken, not so much.
Great server, Yay!
Someplace mellow in Crazy-Town-FQ,  Heck Yeah!Came because of proximity to my hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Had their tomato bisque-like soup -- phenomenal! Then I tried their crab and shrimp Alfredo... excellent too! Nice place from good unpretentious eating experience.EAT takes Southern/Cajun food and makes it a bit upscale.  Everything was tasty, especially the chocolate buttermilk pie!  Try it if it's on the menu.  My chicken fried chicken was very moist and the mac & cheese made with spaghetti noodles was inventive!
FYI  - The servings of the sides are teeny weeny.Great service from the time we walked in! Food was good ! BYOB if you like which we loved! They provided glasses and kept wine chilled :)Great little restaurant with well-executed, delicious food.  We had lots to sample -- fried green tomatoes, chicken livers with chili jelly, crawfish pie, almond coated tuna, bread pudding -- each well done and tasty.  The BLT sandwich was a little disappointing -- dry and with mediocre lettuce salad -- but everything else was excellent.  And the prices were a bargain for what we got.
Eat New Orleans would be a favorite regular dining spot if we were local.  We look forward to our next visit.Well lit, beautiful big window, casual dining with charming servers who were are well versed in the menu. Large portions to satisfy & filling. Recommend: shrimp & crab fettuccineI walked to the quarter on father's day with a couple of friends. We decided to stop for breakfast and were going to meet a fourth person who was coming in by taxi. i was looking forward to it because i used to go there all the time with my mother when it was the quarter scene.
The three of us walked in and they refused to seat us because one was en route. that despite the fact that four tables were open. We were told to wait outside twice...in ninety degree heat.
At this point, there was zero chance we were going to eat there. when our fourth arrived, we walked down to horns and had a terrific breakfast.
so, thank you, EAT. due to your "service", i found a great, new place.
Actually, no stars. congrats!Well....yes you can eat at EAT but you might wish you hadn't. The food is awful and the service is even worse. The shrimp Poboy was stale and served with cold Kraft mac n cheese. The Brussel sprout salad was heavy on vinegar and served hot. And the waiter was surly and borderline hostile. I have NO idea how this place gets 4 stars. The only reason I'm giving it 2 is that the crawfish broulettes were actually pretty decent.This is probably the first restaurant I've eaten at in New Orleans where I've left satisfied and not overly stuffed (having been born and raised here, that's saying something). The food portions were perfection, from soup to salad, entree to sides, and even dessert, everything was just right in portion size and flavor! To top it off, the prices are extraordinarily reasonable and the food is delicious. This place is a must for anyone coming in to the city looking for affordable and authentic New Orleans cuisine!Had breakfast here.  It was excellent.  Started with the fried green tomato remoulade served with shrimp.  The FGT were the best I've had in a long time.
I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had the Big Breakfast which was true to its name. 
The restaurant is in a home in a residential part of the Quarter away from the craziness.super cute place on the corner.  Great service and amazing breakfast!  I loved the biscuits and gravy!Had the chicken and dumplings. Wife had the fried catfish. They were fantastic. If your looking for a solid, chill place for dinner in the French quarter you cannot go wrong!Disappointing food and service; I had the trio- deviled eggs, ribs, macaroni and cheese, and coconut pie.  It took the server awhile to greet us and he was slow throughout the service. 
The ribs were very dry, tough and chewy.  By far the worse dining experience while here in NOLA.Forgot to BYOB, but the food ....what they had ...was def fanom. 
Not a whole lot of vegetarian dishes, so I ordered the Portabella sandwich...only to find out they didn't have any. One of my friends ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert...only to find out they didn't have any more. The waiter was pretty spacey beyond not knowing what they had and didn't.
I had the fried green tomatoes app, a side of veg and a side of mashed potatoes for dinner....but they were damn good. The banana cake was OMG so good. Very glad they HAD THAT.Awesome!!! Everything we had to eat left nothing to be desired. Our server, Doug was funny and nice and knowledgable! The only thing I didn't enjoy and why I didn't give them 5 stars was that there  were no highchairs and they don't serve alcohol. However, there wasn't really any place for a highchair and they encourage BYOB.  It had huge windows that give you a great view of the quarter.  The pear butter and andouille cheesecake were my favs! Def will be back w more people!Hands down, the best brunch we have had. Flavorful Chicory coffee along with Shrimp & Grits and the fried green tomatoes breakfast. Both entrees were served with the lightest fresh baked biscuit. Nice ambience and quick service. Get there before noon to avoid long wait times.I've been here twice- once for brunch and once for dinner.  The first time, the brunch was absolutely delicious (I think another review has already mentioned the perfectly poached eggs).  However, the service was quite slow.  Still, my boyfriend decided it was good enough and close enough to home to venture back for a dinner.  
However, it seems that our choice was a big mistake.  We arrived at a little after six pm on a Tuesday evening, without a reservation.  We were told there would be about a 20 minute wait- no problem at all.  However, it actually ended up being a 45 minute wait.  Thank goodness it was nice out since there's no space to wait inside.  Once seated, a waiter literally threw menus at us without so much as a word.  About five minutes later he came back and gave us water.  Then finally about ten minutes into us being seated, he introduced himself and told us about the specials.  By that point we were ready to order, but he bolted from our table before we could let him know as much.  20 minutes into the meal we were finally able to actually place an order.  I ordered a blackened catfish sandwich and my boyfriend choose a portobello burger.  We also ordered a deviled eggs with bacon appetizer.  The appetizer showed up within a reasonable timeframe and was quite good.  However, the (overpriced) entrees took an entire extra 45 minutes to actually show up.  I don't know how you could conceivably spend 45 minutes cooking two simple sandwiches.  My catfish was quite good, if not a little plain for the $14 price tag.  The portobello was mediocre at best.  Both side dishes (fried green tomatoes and mashed potatoes) were good but tasted as though they had been sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time.
Overall diagnoses: with so many great dining options in the area at all different price points, this food is nothing special and the service is exceptional only in it's pure awfulness.Great place. A street car named desire was written here.It was at EAT that we were introduced to the famous cochon. What is this beautiful piece of meat that I have never had? The cochon was so so go good. 
Our second entree was the fried catfish. It was meh. The breading was wonderfully crispy but the catfish had this medicinal taste to it. It was rather gross. The fried chicken would have gone over much better. 
As for sides, we had mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes. The mac and cheese was more like cheese spaghetti. The garlic mashed potatoes were pretty yummy. 
EAT is a nice non-touristy find. Cochon & garlic mashed potatoes are a definite to order.Eat was really good went there after reading really positive reviews on yelp. The food was great and service was also good. Would totally recommend to people visiting New Orleans looking for a quite little restaurant to have a nice dinner.Thoroughly enjoyed breakfast of Eggs Provence. OMGosh it was delish. The eggs in the skillet, biscuit and thick bacon.....
Looking forward to traveling again to the Big Easy again just to eat @ EAT!
Thank you.Old review - from a visit in July 2011.
3 stars based in food, service, and atmosphere.  This could have definitely been a 4 but was dinged based on service.
Food
Hands down delicious!  Tried the crawfish roulettes and could have eaten them on all night.  They were crispy on the outside,    moist and tasty on the inside.  Cochon (pulled pork) on mustard greens with creole sauce was tender, juicy and sweet.  Though the mustard greens added a little more of a salty taste than I prefer.  Fried catfish was the best!  Generous portion and the catfish was flaky and battered perfectly (not too heavy batter nor greasy at all!).  The food definitely deserves high marks. Entrees are $16 and sandwiches are $12 so very affordable.
Now service. 
We originally had a group of 6 which seems large for a quaint establishment but we called ahead as a heads up.  However 2 friends joined midway unexpectantly which I am sure is annoying and maybe got us off on the wrong foot...The service seemed very slow and un-attentive: my glass remained empty for quite some time; one of the late joiners went without water or silverware until we asked for them (and it's not like our waiter didn't know he had joined, we did ask for an extra chair); and although our salads came out promptly we waited over a half hour for the rest of our meal.  Nothing was blatantly rude but the overall sluggishness and lack of care dampened an otherwise delicious meal.  I hate to make the assumption, but I almost felt like we were being ignored for being tourists bc the place definitely seemed to be a locals' spot with a lot of takeout orders and repeats customers - which is a good sign about the food, just wish we had the service to match.  Still recommending hoping we were just a one-off.Delicious food in the heart of the French Quarter.  Cool, cozy vibe.  They don't serve booze but you can bring your own.Try the crawfish etouffee and bread pudding,  excellent!!! I was surprised that a New Orleans themed restaurant didn't have jambalaya and their alcohol policy is a bit confusing - something about selling beer by the six pack.Honestly, one of the best meals I've ever had. I destroyed the fried green tomatoes tomato breakfast and wept silently when it was all gone. Great service, great location, great coffee, great food!We didn't get acknowledged at all. Walked out after finding our seats and waiting fifteen minutes. Maybe they didn't like the way we looked but they weren't even busy and couldn't even get us water. We left and someone behind the counter station said "by thanks y'all! " and I don't even know they did unless they were thanking us for waiting longer than ten minutes for nothing. Can't help but feel really bummed out for being treated that way... the server even refilled the water of the people next to us and couldn't manage to carry a water to us and say at least "I'll be right with you"Great local food. We had brunch on Sunday and each had one of the specials. Service was incredibly prompt and courteous. This will be a place we come back to again and again.Wow... After reading some of the positive reviews along with some not so positive I destined myself to "Eat".  Sometimes I wonder if I'm from the same planet as some of the other reviewers or just extremely lucky. Got here about 8 on a Wednesday night and sat right down... waited on in less than a minute and had a waiter explain everything to a T.  Being a so- cal boy I shared my desire for some original Cajon food and he suggested the crawfish pie, white beans and rice.  Huh? I know what red beans and rice are all about but crawfish pie... really? Without missing a beat I devoured every bit of it and wondered why this hadn't been a part of my culinary experiences sooner...
Don't miss this place if you're in the Big Easy... it's very close to tourist town (Bourbon St) but far enough away to keep it's traditional menu. If you want some genuine Cajon, this place rocks. Okay, now it's time for another hand grenade from Tropical Isle...We stopped here for Saturday brunch and had a lovely meal. My husband's huevos rancheros were awesome, and my pulled pork with mustard greens and poached eggs were delicious. Grits were perfect, and biscuit was light and fluffy. Coffee also rocked. 
Staff were very nice, albeit not too attentive (had to keep asking for coffee and water, and the meal took a little long to make its way to our table), and the postcard with recipe for pickled veggies we received upon departure was a nice touch. Decor was clean and bright with white cloth tablecloths but it didn't feel at all stuffy.
Would be fun to try this place for dinner sometime; great brunch spot.This is the first restaurant I ate at when I arrived in New Orleans and it was absolutely fantastic.  One of the best brunch meals I've ever had.
The Eggs Dauphine were my absolute favorite and the restaurant is 100% BYOB encouraged.
Get's a small downtick because it is a smaller restaurant and our group of 8 had to split into two groups of four on separate sides of the restaurant.Easily the best meal I had in New Orleans during my visit.  The side caesar was amazing and set a precedent for the meal.  A very peppery dressing, very unique.  The chicken fried chicken was the best I've ever had, well balanced and not too heavy.  The fried green tomatoes were great and not too heavily battered, with a wonderful aioli and red bell pepper remoulade.  Brent, our server, was very personable and fun to talk to.  He was able to chat with us for a few minutes when he wasn't busy with other tables, and made a great impression.  Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!My oh my, what a find in the French Quarter! A couple of friends had previously stopped into Eat and couldn't stop talking about it, so a visit was certainly in order. We stopped in for brunch on a Sunday morning. He ordered a traditional American breakfast, I had the bagels and lox. Both plates were fresh and exceeded my expectations. If you're there for breakfast/brunch, definitely be sure to order one of the fresh biscuits with house-made preserves. To die for. Seriously.Amazing food. Fried green tomatoes with remoulade sauce was perfect and flatiron steak cooked perfectly.This is my first Yelp review, and I want to be enthusiastic and positive.  
I'll start by saying that the Butter beans and shrimp were great!    Good spice without overwhelming my Northwest palate.
I liked the crawfish part of the crawfish pie, but the crust just wasn't... right.  I asked if it's usually soft/raw, and showed the waiter what I meant (it just looked like raw dough).  He said that's exactly how it's supposed to be.
Okay then.  I just left the "crust" on the plate and made sure to enjoy the rest.Love this spot and bring in out of town guests for a great brunch. They don't take reservations, but we've never waited too long and the food is well worth it! Ask for cheddar in your grits and remember BYOB. We like to bring a bottle or two or of champagne and they have delicious carafes of OJ.Girl I want some creole!  Go to Eat!! This is a very VERY strong 4 star restaurant.  Def a 4.5 if yelp would ever implement.  cough cough.... :)  Ok where to start, love the decor, warming, a good trend, very clean looking if you now what I mean.  Started off w/ the crawfish bouiliettes (please excuse my french n'awlins spelling) and they come w/ a spicy oil based sauce that is soooo good.  Then I decided to go w/ the fried catfish po'boy sandwich w/ fried green tomatoes.  This was probably my favorite entree of the trip so far.  The fish was tasty.  Had good flavor breading, but the fish would just melt in your mouth.  The tartar sauce was again really tasty.  Then on to the fried green tomatoes....Perfectly sliced and has an incredbly breading.  Loved em!  Im really thinking on giving them a 5 because the food was really just phenom.  Then I think desert which was probably a 3. So thats why I want the 4.5.  The food really rocks here.  The bread pudding was decent.  It was a lil too soggy and wasnt really feeling the canned pineapple chunks that came in it.  It sounds like it would be a good twist but I think if you are going to do desert with fruit it needs to be fresh.  Just my take on it....Really really good food here.I really want to give this place five stars, but that would mean that I'm completely overlooking my second visit. Let's just get this part of out of the way upfront that the food here is absolutely amazing, depending on what you order, and for what meal you decide to drop in for. My example: lunch NOT brunch. 
After flying in to the city that morning, I was looking for a quiet little lunch spot that would offer a bit of comfort food for a weary traveler. I ordered the three bowl lunch, which consisted of gumbo, red beans and rice, and a stuffed pepper. My lunch partner ordered the fried catfish and fried green tomatoes. We both had salads to start, mine, a caesar salad. 
I have to tell you right off the bat, restaurants in New Orleans know how to make a good caesar dressing. I really wish that places in New York would take their cue from the south on this. I'd eat a lot more of them if this was the case. On second thought, maybe that's a good thing. Not the healthiest of salads...
When our main lunch course came, I was in heaven. There was not one item delivered to our table during that meal that was not delicious. Everything was piping hot and fresh out of the kitchen. The red beans were very well seasoned. The gumbo was robust and delicious. The two winners of the meal, though, were the fried catfish and the stuffed pepper. That catfish was so moist and tender, but expertly fried on the outside, and the filling of that pepper was phenomenal. 
I left so happy after this first meal, that I had to make Eat my last food destination before flying home at the end of my trip. 
Upon arriving for a Sunday brunch, I was really looking for an amazing menu, filled with new exciting choices that I didn't encounter during my last visit. I was a bit disappointed to see the same format for the brunch menu with a few new choices, but nothing radically different from the day before. I went with the shrimp and grits since it was one of the new options for brunch and a dish that I was craving during my whole trip. 
I think this was my mistake. I really should have gone with something that I knew I was going to love--a GIANT caesar salad (boring), or even the chicken and waffles (still somewhat boring, but amazing). 
After staring for about 20 minutes at the three flies buzzing around my table, the grits arrived on my table without any shrimp and covered in a strange sort of gravy. The waitress apologized as she dropped them off and said the shrimp were on their way. How much longer did it take to cook shrimp? And why would you deliver me a dish at a restaurant that wasn't finished yet? Presentation is big in my book. Finally, when the shrimp arrived, it was a small little plate with three shrimp. They looked to be rather well-prepared, but considering the circumstances I would expect a bit more of a fanfare here. They don't need to sing and dance, but I really waited another 10 minutes for three shrimp? 
Back to the gravy. I've had shrimp and grits before, so I was stumped by this gravy. It was thick and smothering my entire plate of grits. The only thing I wanted smothering my grits was the shrimp, which clearly wasn't happening this time around. As I ate it, it was really way too salty. I gave up after a few bites and started skimming it off of the surface to the side of my plate and trying to dig in to the grits underneath, further dissecting my already dissected meal. Bummer. 
Now that I've gotten that off my chest, let's go back to the fact that this place is adorable, the food is amazing, and it is worth visiting for so many reasons. Five stars for the first meal. One star for the second. Maybe just check this place out once during your week. And just for lunch.Eat is in a beautiful part of the French Quarter, tucked away from heavily touristy areas near Bourbon and Canal Street. I had originally wandered down to try Café Amelie but didn't feel like waiting 45 minutes. A quick Yelp search pointed me in the direction of Eat.
The vibe inside is exactly what I was looking for after a long day of meetings: relaxed and intimate. Although I was not drinking, I liked that they encourage BYOB; the first bottle or six-pack you bring to consume has no corkage fee.  The server was attentive, but not intrusive, and I appreciated that he didn't rush to clear plates away at the first sign of being done; the overall pacing was leisurely.
I ordered the grilled redfish with vegetables and a side of smothered greens. The Caesar salad that came out to start was superb, with just enough of the tangy dressing to provide flavor, but not overwhelm the greens. My fish itself was good, although a bit too salty, and the grilled vegetables were fine. The real standout, however, was the smothered greens. Cooked with vinegar and onions, these mustard greens were simultaneously slightly sweet and salty and not the least bit bitter. The first thing I did when I got back to my hotel was to look up a recipe for New Orleans' style smothered greens! Needless to say, I'll be trying to recreate these when I get home. 
My dining companion had the crawfish pie and fried green tomatoes and said they were delicious. 
Eat is in a beautiful location with great service, solid food, and very reasonable prices (my meal was about $21 before tax and tip). Highly recommended!Had a great eggs dauphine here, with a tasty homemade biscuit. A little pricey for brunch. Great Service, nice space.Chose this place because it was close to our hotel. Seated quickly. Nice atmosphere. The food wasn't bad, but wasn't great. I ordered the crawfish stew and mac n cheese. Everything could've used a little more salt. Decent meal for decent price though.This was a lucky gem of a gastronomic kind. The atmosphere and quality reminded me of a lovely San Francisco Sunday bunch location.  After eating all over NOLA and trying to locate the restaurant with the BEST greens, Eat NOLA is the closest to my dad's award winning greens!! Spot on!I've been dying to try some creole/cajun food ever since I came in to the city.  This place was recommended to me by the concierge at my hotel so I figured I'd trust his judgement.
Since the restaurant doesn't have a liquor license, my friend and I went down to the local grocery store and bought some wine and beer to bring over.  
We basically shared everything because we wanted to try everything.  Service was horrific.  I've never had to sit down and wait more than 20 minutes for someone to come take our order.  We came in relatively later in the evening so we were really hungry.
For appetizers, we had crostini with blue cheese and fig.  This was perhaps the best dish that we ordered.  The cheese was perfect and complemented the sweetness of the fig.  We also had the fried crawfish balls, but they were really salty.  I'm not sure if the seafood flavor in cajun food is supposed to a bit more saltier than usual, but I didn't like it.
The amazing appetizers totally heightened our anticipation of the entrees.  I ordered the roasted chicken and my friend ordered the crawfish pie since both were highly recommended by our waiter.  I was so disappointed. :(  The chicken was not even tender, the outside was dry and it was so bland.  There was no flavor at all. It was like eating chicken jerky minus the salty goodness.  On the other hand, the crawfish pie was super salty (Na OD) more so than the appeitzers.  Highly disappointing.The meals are innovative and trendy.  I eat at this establishment 2-3 times every time I visit New Orleans.  Moderately priced and you can bring your own alcoholic beverages.Our first meal in New Orleans. It's BYOB with a corkage fee of course.  Intimate place that's does draw a crowd. Service was a little slow but they server was extremely nice. The food was good. Greens had just the right amount of spice to it. The baked Mac and cheese is made with spaghetti. It was surprisingly good. They've had the best gumbo I've tasted so far in the French Quarter (I've only been to one other place). I would come backBreakfast was fantastic! The biscuits definitely taste homemade. I had crab cakes topped with poached eggs and some kind of hollandaise sauce. I'm starving just thinking about it. I definitely plan to go back.One of the best places we ate at in NOLA. Went there for breakfast. Service was very friendly. You have to order the banana fritters they are wonderful. Definitely worth the trek off the beaten path.This was our best meal in the US - and definitely the best value. We had the amazing half chicken and smothered greens, and the cochon (pork) with mustard greens and a side of fried green tomatoes. All were just excellent and delicious. Finished off with the wonderful bread & butter pudding with whiskey sauce. Service was great too. Don't miss this place if you are in New Orleans.EAT's gumbo and jambalya are so very, very delicious!  EAT's service is so very, very friendly and warm and casual -- the best of everything from chef to server ... Located on a lovely and refreshingly quiet ancient intersection a block or so away from manic Bourban St. ... EAT's small yet plenty big, ... EAT's fancy yet completely casual, ... With liquor store just around the corner, provisioning for this BYO gem is super convenient ... 
Everything here is delicious and fun.  
Deaux it!Very nice place to have breakfast with others are alone. Atmosphere is good. Good recorded music lovely dining area. My favorite table is next to the window, it has a wonderful view. Very polite staff. I will be back, but not alone.We went here for dinner on our last night in New Orleans and were excited by the good reviews. 
 We walked in and a waiter passing by pointed out a table to us by the fire which I appreciated since it was cold outside. Unfortunately we then sat there for 10 minutes until flagging someone down for a menu. We then had to flag them down for some drinks. 
 All of the food on the very simple menu looked very appetizing which made me glaze over the slightly expensive prices. I ordered the brisket with macaroni and cheese which came with a side caesar. The caesar was very good, dressing, cheese and all. But when the brisket came I did not realized that it was going to be pan fried. It was just like ordering wider, larger pieces of bacon. Crunchy, dry, and because of the cut of meat, very tough like beef jerky, impossible to cut with a knife. It was served with a side of BBQ sauce. I didn't understand, brisket is one of the most tender cuts of meat and here it was dried out and crunchy around the edges. Also, the mac and cheese literally tasted bitter. It contained gruyere cheese which I understand can be a pungent cheese, but I actually couldn't eat it and to be honest, I'm not one to complain. My boyfriend ordered catfish, and it also came fried up like chicken strips he said the breading just took the flavor out of the fish. Overall I was not impressed, the service was awful and it cost us a pretty penny too. I wish that they described how they prepare their dishes on their menu and that we went for breakfast instead because that seems to be well liked.This place is a hidden gem. My friends and I were in the area and looking to get a taste of the culture. This unsuspecting place showed up in my search as highly reviewed and close, so we checked it out. Very neat and clean, this place provided dish after dish of delicious creole/cajun style food. Took the waiters recommendations with a crawfish app and then went with the red fish, both were great.
We easily got a table and the service was great. I highly reccomend this establishment, it was the best meal I had in the area. BYOB too.Our late lunch at Eat was great. The service was friendly, and we all really enjoyed the food.
My favorites:
The ham / goat cheese omelet
Fried green tomatoes
Really good:
Crawfish casserole
Not my favorite:
Cochon with mustard greensWe presented with a group of 7. We were seated much later than quoted. One of our two appetizers were forgotten. When it was brought out (after prompting) it was after the meal was served and was soggy with grease.   The service was less than casual and inattentive.  The waiter appeared to not really care about his service. Some of the foods were overcooked. 
The prices were reasonable for the small portions served.  I will not be going back.The server was a nice guy, but the food wasn't very good. Overpriced (but not very expensive, if that gives you a clue?) Appetizer: BBQ crab claws. Seriously the biggest joke I've ever been served. It consisted of a handful of tiny bits of chewy claw meat and soggy toast in a sauce that tastes like warm grape jelly with salt and pepper mixed into it. They were probably crawfish claws, judging by the size of them. Main courses: BBQ shrimp tasted OK, but nothing special. Basically 12 peel and eat shrimp for $30. Crawfish stew wasn't spectacular, but it was better than the shrimp. Side of fried green tomatoes costs $5 for three slices of tomato about the size of a half dollar coin. Go someplace else. There are plenty of choices.Awesome breakfast/brunch had the chicken fried chicken with eggs. Biscuits and jams are great, try the crawfish hush puppies really really good.This nice little restaurant needs to examine the quality of food served and revise the menu.  The salad greens were not fresh and had dark edges and tasted old.  The shrimp in my beans were old and hard.  I was charged $5.00 for a very small bowl of bitter greens!!!  The total bill for 1 was more than $28.  Quality, taste and price are all reasons to avoid this potentially great little restaurant!!!!!!!!Delicious find in the French Quarter.  Great, simple fare, New Orleans style.  Much better than most of the tourist traps.  Very cool, casual dinning.  The shrimp poor boy is HUGE!!!This was one of the best restaurants I've been to during my trip to New Orleans. We had to wait for about 20 minutes, but we were seated next to this adorable bay window and were immediately tended to by the sweetest of people. 
I had the eggs dauphine, which are basically eggs benedict without the English muffin and with ham and fried green tomatoes. Add the biscuit to sop up all the gooeyness, and you have a perfect breakfast. The coffee was decent also, coming from a Seattle coffee snob. 
Soooo good. I normally can't clean my plate at brunch, but I couldn't really stop myself this morning.Mimosas, crab cake dauphine and great serviceThis place is amazing!! I found it on Yelp and had a layover so crashed with family who was staying in New Orleans for the wkd after a cruise. The food here is outstanding and our waiter Adrian was phenomenal! We had the chicken fried chicken, chicken and dumplings, crawfish burger with Brie, fried green tomatoes and these crawfish hush puppies-like appetizer that was seasoned to perfection!! I highly recommend!Phenomenal comfort food- perfect if you're looking for a sample of Cajun/ Creole food.  From the weekend brunch menu- order the crawfish pie, and/or the Trio with fried green tomatoes, gumbo, and the roasted stuffed pepper.Great place to go for brunch. Large portions and tasty specials! Wonderful service. Thanks, Brent!This deli/small grocery does an amazing sandwich. The guy behind the deli was very helpful and recommended their classic "all that jazz" which has a variety of grilled  meats, cheeses and mushrooms. He helpfully told us it would be enough for 2 so we just ordered one and we are glad we did!
Sooooo good!!This is definitely a hidden gem. I found this place the night before returning home which was disappointing as I would have gone back multiple times if I had found it sooner... Their food is amazing and the service is great.  They had the best gumbo out of all the places I tried while i was in NOLA.  And belive me I have tried quite a few as I was there for a week and my trip baciscally revolved around eating.  The gumbo had a nice kick to it and added a nice flavor.  I also got the stuffed peppers with shrimp which had an amazing flavor with a slight kick to it which I enjoyed a lot. I got the potato salad as my side and it was also very good.  Not too much mayo and it had eggs which i love. My sister got the chicken fried steak with smashed potatos.  The chicken was crispy yet juicy and not dry at all.  The gravy is amazing and the smashed potatos had so much flavor!!  We also got the sorbet and bread pudding for dessert.  The sorbet tasted homemade and was very smooth and delicious but I must say the breadpudding was definitely the winner for dessert.  It was moist and had a lovely hint of cinnamon.  Overall, all of the dishes had great flavor and was very well seasoned and the staff is very friendly!!! I highly recommend this place but note that this is a BYOB place so don't forget to bring a bottle of wine!!If you're ever in the French Quarter Eat New Orleans is a treat. Using local produce they make classic creole dishes. The wait staff are extremely helpful going out of their way to service you. I saw one waiter running after a diner who forget to take their leftovers, Sunday brunch is worth the half hour wait, a short wait for the FQMade a reservation here and was excited to try it based on previous yelp reviews. I'm not sure what all the hype is about. Our table had the fried green tomatoes which were not in fact "green" tomatoes, the fig and bleu cheese torte, which had subpar bleu cheese, and we each got salads and a side of Mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was made with short spaghetti noodles or something of the sort but wasn't bad taste wise. The only reason I gave two stars was because the shrimp on the green tomatoes and salads were quite good. 
Aside from the food the service was very poor. There appeared to be one waiter for the entire place. Would not recommend.Came here late after our flight came in and it was delicious! It wasn't too crowded so we got sat right away. The only reason why this place isn't too popular is because it's "bring your own Booze". We got the conchon and the gumbo and their salad is actually very good. It was delicious and we would definitely recommend this place for the BYOB fans.We had lunch here on a weekday afternoon.  The server might have been new; he seemed very anxious, talking fast and in a hurry to get on to something else, and doing one long disappearing act.  I had a garden salad with grilled shrimp; the shrimp was overcooked (tough/chewy), and some of the greens should have been thrown out, as if they were just dropped on the plate without inspection.  The iced tea was fine.  Of all the restaurants where I ate in four days in New Orleans, this is the only one I would not return to.Eat is a very good brunch spot in the Quarter.  Expect a wait for weekend brunch and bring your own champagne.  Check their hours of operation before you go.  Love the ambience - very bright and cheery.  They rotate the local wall art frequently and the music is good.  Waitstaff is normally familiar people.  Fried green tomatoes are good, big breakfast is huge and delicious.  Delectable creole food.One of our favorite New Orleans restaurants. Many things on the menu to choose from and absolutely everything the four of us tried was nothing short of awesome. Excellent wait staff and chef!! Love it!So we found this place on Yelp and saw it was literally a block from our hotel St Pierre. My sister and I had walked in a were given a cute two person table by the window. We lucked out as we seemed to get the last table in the cosy but trendy looking place. 
Yellow plastic chairs and crisp white table cloths covered the tables.  
I ordered the fried catfish with fried green tomatoes while my sister ordered the chicken and dumplings with the sautéed greens. The entrees came with a basic small green salad ; next our entrees arrived - my catfish was delicious barely could taste any fish flavor and heavily breaded. The lemon flavored tartar type sauce was a tasty dipping condiment paired with some crystal hot sauce.  The green tomatoes were tasty and fried lightly. I took a few bites of my sister's chicken and dumplings. Tasty but not outstanding and unfortunately the greens were not good at all. Bitter and lacking flavor almost inedible. Odd considering we are in the deep south but I believe they were trying to cook them in a healthier manner with out pork? 
We had bignets at Cafe Dumonde earlier so we passed on dessert.  
Although prices were pretty reasonable and service was adequate with so many food options in NOLA would not return on another visit or recommend to others.Found this place while wandering through the Quarter last week. The menu has quite the variety and offers something for everyone. Make sure to order the the fig and blue cheese torte - it is amazing and is big enough to share with a large group!Absolutely delicious Shrimp & Grits w/added poached egg. Also recommend the chicken fried chicken..... biscuits are great. Portions are on the larger side so keep in mind this country cooking sets heavy!Came here for brunch a few Sundays ago.  Had the Otis special omelet with Cajun shrimp and my wife had chicken and dumplings.  Both were phenomenal!  Banana fritters were also amazing, plus it's BYOB to boot. Top notch place.Was not disappointed! So good, great service, and I had the best BLT I have had in a long time. The first time I had fried green tomatoes and I couldn't get enough they were so perfectly cooked. A definite stop while in town.Unique flavors that combine to an excellent idea. A BYOB Restaurant in the French Quarter."Sorry we're open" 
This is long overdue as we dined here in December...but this was our first meal in NOLA and it did not disappoint. I had the crab and shrimp fettuccine ($18) which was so decadent and delicious. Their menu is huge with tons of apps and entree options but make sure you come here a little earlier for dinner as they run out of a lot of things on the menu :( 
Lovely little place with a great ambience. Can't wait to come back here next month for Jazz Fest!This place is a bargain and a half with some pretty good food to boot.
First of all, they definitely do take reservations for dinner. I'm not sure if this is a new thing, but I definitely got one. They don't do them on the website, but they're very accommodating if you call them in advance. 
This place is BYOB with no corkage fee for the first bottle of wine/sixpack ($15 for a second bottle/sixpack), which is really what helps save some $$. Make sure you stop by Rouses before heading here! I'd recommend a white wine of some kind since a lot of menu items are fish and chicken based. I brought chardonnay and it seemed like it would have paired well with most menu items.
The server was quick and helpful, if not a little awkward. It seemed like he might have been relatively new. But he was definitely courteous and tried to make sure we had everything we needed. The food also came out really fast, which was nice because we were starving!
The inside feels very homey. It's not ornately decorated like most of the restaurants in the French Quarter. It feels more like you're eating in your mom's house... but like if your mom decorated the dining room really nice because your house was hosting pre-prom dinner.
The food was good. The menu is an assortment of different NOLA favorites. Eat wasn't my favorite Cajun/Creole experience, but it's an excellent way to sample some of the classics made in an authentic manner at a very reasonable price point. I tried the fried catfish with the fried green tomatoes as a side and everything tasted really fresh.
Eat does everything they can to provide an enjoyable dining experience in the Cajun tradition. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's a solid choice if you can fit it in your New Orleans itinerary.Food selection was good. Fried Chicken like no other. Catfish can't go wrong. And the Mac and cheese has a very strange twist to it. Have to try. 
Price are great spectacular.So not happy with this place. I can't fault the food because it was fine (but just fine, not great). I can't fault the atmosphere because it was charming, with giant matchbook art on the wall. 
But when you are waiting for your lunch for three-quarters of an hour (AFTER you've ordered and you already waited about 10 just to place it), and you are watching people who came in after you leave before you even get your food, that's a problem. If no one ordered anything more complicated than fried green tomatoes, that's a problem. If the restaurant isn't even at full capacity and you still wait that long, problem. And if, when the food finally does arrive and it costs more for the lunch than you paid for oysters for dinner later that night, biggest problem. 
Whether it's an issue with the cook or the waiter doesn't matter. We deserved an apology. We deserved at least a, "Your food is on it's way, sorry for the delay." We got nothing except food tossed on the table and a, "Can I get you anything else?"
I felt as though our lunch should have been comped. And if I hadn't been so behind schedule because of this debacle, I would have asked to speak to the manager and ask for that. Instead, we had to race out to make it to our next sightseeing event.Don't "think" about going to eat at Eat. Just do it. You will not regret.
Some buddies and I scoped out a few places around the French Quarter and Eat made it to the top of our list. We walked over to the restaurant and were seated immediately. The wait staff was friendly, helpful and eager, almost to a fault. The menu offerings were not your typical tired New Orleans cuisine hashed out once again, but were unique and fresh.
Once we sat down and ordered our appetizers of fried frog legs, the restaurant suddenly became packed. Not an empty eat in the house. With only two waiters on hand, the boys were very, very busy. They rushed around taking orders, refilling drinks and bringing food as fast as they could. I will admit, we were starting to get a little antsy with the extended delay.
After waiting about 30 to 45 minutes, our food arrived. I ordered a plate of Cochon with Mustard Greens and Baked Mac & Cheese. After the first taste of the Cochon, I didn't care how long it took them to bring it to the table. I would have waited another hour. The food was indescribably delicious. Everyone at my table agreed this was by far the best meal we had in New Orleans. I think it was the best meal I've had in months.
We were all way too stuffed to even think about dessert, but Eat did have a few offerings.
On a side note, I did have breakfast/brunch at Eat a few times during previous visits to New Orleans. I remember the plates were alway interesting, unique, and satisfying... however, I can't exactly recall the experience.
All in all, be sure to make dinner at Eat a requirement for your visit to New Orleans.We checked this place out for brunch while vacationing.  This was my second time visiting, so I was looking for something unique and not touristy.  The French Quarter is littered with touristy restaurants that sell Po'boys, crawfish, beignets etc...it's hard to separate the truly quality restaurants there from the posers.  This is a delightful breath of fresh air (in more ways than one, as it's not on Bourbon Street and therefore you don't lose your appetite on the way there if you're walking).  
As mentioned before, we went there for brunch.  I've mentioned it before, I personally think brunch is easily the stupidest and most overrated meal ever...and that's including Taco Bell's "4th Meal" (as if we weren't fat enough).  But this place was New Orleansy without being overly so.   It was a clean decor with a good classic rock soundtrack (Pink Floyd, Zeppelin, and The Doors were played more than once).  The name is kind of bad and non-descript, but it doesn't matter what it's called if the food is good.
I ordered the poached eggs benedict on boudin cakes (boudin is a sausage that is mixed with rice, and quite tasty, if unnecessarily carby).  It was delicious.  It also came with a crumbly biscuit, a little dry (I like biscuits that are two minutes past the batter stage), but the rest of my group enjoyed theirs.  The other three members of my party ordered omelets which were the size of a Qdoba burrito, and packed to the gills with mushrooms, artichokes, mozzarella and mustard greens.  They were devoured without prejudice (haven't used the word prejudiced in a while. I feel like a sleazy attorney, which describes most attorneys. I am prejudiced against them, but they deserve it).  
I really enjoyed this place.  I would like to go back next time for lunch or something.  It's just hard to return to a restaurant when you're in a foodie city unless it blows your mind.  I can't necessarily say I would make it a point to return to this place when I go back to New Orleans, but I might...(Reader thinks: thanks for the non-answer, you commitment-phobic dink).
IF THIS RESTAURANT WERE A MUSICIAN/BAND.  The Band:  Much better group than name.  (once again, a weak analogy, I've got better ones for other reviews that I am planning to write.)Great food. Totally tasty! Good service and neat environment. Ideal place for brunch. Order The fried chicken. Worth to try.This place was the best first stop for our first trip to N'awlens. We Yelped it for dinner and were very happy with it. It's a BYOB place (which is apparently very common in NO) and that worked great since there was a liquor store right around the corner. 
Lovely art photos on the wall with low lighting and thankfully situated in a quiet part of the quarter made this choice the perfect feel for our first stop. I had butter beans and shrimp while my boyfriend had red beans and rice with a gumbo starter. The soup cup was a little small (should'a got a bowl) but tastey. Everything we got was good. We'd definitely go back again.This was our first meal in NOLA and it did not disappoint. We had to wait a bit as reservations are not an option, but it was worth the wait. Our server was excellent and offered some suggestions when I was debating between dishes. We started with the Crawfish Boullettes and I'm glad we did. I have no idea what the seasonings and spices are, but it is a fried ball of crack! I had the Cochon with Mustard Greens along with the mac and cheese and my BF had the Wild Boar Shank with the mac and cheese. Everything we had was warm, hearty and extremely tasty. I just wish we weren't on vacation as I would've loved the leftovers for lunch the next day! Needless to say we were quite full so for dessert we had the strawberry, pineapple sorbet, which was refreshing and hit the spot. We were able to get a taste of sweet to finish our meal. An excellent first meal in NOLA and a great way to start our vacation.came with my bachelorette party over the weekend. table of 12 but they split us up into 2 tables which would have been fine but we all flew to NOLA to be together not separated. they said whoever made the reservation would have been told that we would be separated, which was a lie because then we'd never book the table?? we ended up moving the tables ourselves. service was a little slow or maybe they were short staffed.
food was decent. i dont know about being overly impressive. we were starving so we did share a bunch of things. the best we had was the short ribs. it melted in your mouth and was very very homey. managed to share other entrees like cajun shrimp (very good with bread!), and pork tenderloin (healthier option),  also tried the mac n cheese side which was not up our alleys, shared some other apps that were decent: fried green tomatoes, crayfish bites. to full for dessert but we did hang around for a bit after eating so they were in no rush to kick us out.Kenny, our server/tour guide/go-to answer man, was great. The space was adorable and fresh. The food was wonderful. I had the catfish po' boy with fried green tomatoes which was one of the best meals of my trip. If I could have, I would have gone back for more before we had to leave. 5 Stars! 5 Stars!I wish I could say I enjoyed the good food I'd heard so much about, but we were never served.  We waited for 20 minutes, and then my friend tried to flag down a server and his response was "what do you want?".  No apology for making us wait.  Needless to say, we decided to take our business elsewhere.  We went to 801 Royal where the service was much better and the food was quite good.  Sadly I cannot give Eat a "0" star rating.Well the food was good, service couldn't be bothered. Miss Thing pursed her lips and her manscaped eyebrows did an interperative dance that said "you are not pretty enough for me to care." As no stranger to girlfriend waitrons we were ready to just ignore it but then we saw how the real waitress treated her customers, specials? We weren't told about any specials, crabcakes? Pancakes? WTF? When we asked for a refill she geniunely seemed surprised we'd presume to speak to her. She quickly went back to the landing to stare out wistfully searching for her MBA prince coming to rescue her from Restaurant IKEA Showcase. (Since the nearest IKEA is 6hrs. away in Houston that was one huge UPS delivery.)
Like I said the food was very tasty. Very good sausage, yummy thick toast, fried green tomatoes were also good. I really think it's 2.5 stars but fractions are too much for yelp.
If you go get the gal she'll treat you right. Or at least that's what we enviously saw. 
If you not American are needing a cuppa be warned the hot water is very warm tap water.There was confusion on my wife's lunch order and the waiter brought 2 orders of the softshell crabs. My wife doesn't eat softshell crabs.  He went to the kitchen to change the order.  We waited and waited then he brought the bill.  I asked where is her chicken and he said the manager wouldn't change the order "oh, I thought I told you - didn't I come tell you?". What I had was good but the wait staff shouldn't show up "high"The chicken and dumplings was savory and very filling! The chicken was moist and the dumplings were crispy on the outside and a soft dough on the inside. I usually don't eat heavy meals and not do I ever finish em, but in this case I left nothing to take home.Good, solid, and unpretentious, my dinner at Eat was delicious.
They encourage BYOB, I opted for a glass of iced tea instead and it was aweseome.  Couldn't decide between the BBQ Shrimp or the Smoked Beef Brisket and I'm so glad I asked for advice from my server, because that Brisket was INSANE GOOD.  Sweet, smoky, and just fatty enough.  (And if you've eaten good BBQ, you know there's a delicate fat/meat balance that must be met).  Thin-sliced with a side of equally delicious and smoky BBQ sauce, I opted for the oh-so-healthy Fried Green Tomatoes as a side and they did not disappoint.  The remoulade on the side should be in my bathtub so I can take a swim in it.  DELISH.  Glad I went, will be back.
Service was basic.  Nothing to write home to Mom about, but attentive and warm.  An enjoyable evening for sure.Our new favorite place to eat in the Quarter.  Great food at a good price.  Great service and music too.  I wish there were more green on my plate.  The brussle sprouts were a bit over cooked.  The crawfish balls could have had more crawfish.  We went here on a Saturday night 11/28 with no waiting in line.  Street parking.  We'll be back!!Ate here 1st night in Nola & it was outstanding. Great food, service & ambiance. They do not have a liquor license, so BYOB. I understand they will charge u a corkage fee. Went back a few nights later for dessert. Same great service!!!! This is a gem!!!!Went to this place after a long night.  I ordered the fried green tomatoes with ham and poached eggs.  It was great.  The service is OK.  I would come back.  Small place and had to wait 15 minutes to be seated.This is the first spot I stopped for brunch since I got to New Orleans, and needless to say it was a fantastic way to start my eating spree! The chicken and dumplings are beyond amazing!This place was almost like an oasis. It's a very modern, southern style café. I would call the food "elevated soul food". My friend and I ate there on a Friday afternoon for lunch on recommendations from Yelp. The menu was simple, not overwhelming. They had seafood selections as well as chicken and other. I don't eat seafood so I ordered a side of Fried Green Tomatoes and a cup of the Chicken and Andouille gumbo. I had never had gumbo before and this was delicious! They serve it with a cup of rice on the side. The FGT were delicious as well, they were served with 1 shrimp on each tomato and a red sauce on the side, I would guess that it was a paste of sundried tomatoes. My friend had the fried catfish platter, which was 4 strips of fried catfish with greens on the side. She said hers was delicious too. It's located on the border of the quarter, which was perfect for us because we had been exploring the outskirts of the quarter at the time. There was no wait when we arrived. Only 1 complaint- no sweet tea! This seemed fairly common in NOLA, which surprised me, but several of the places we went only offered unsweet tea and sweetener. They are open for lunch until 2, then close and re-open for dinner.I was disappointed with my dinner tonight! I was recommended by a resident from New Orleans. Fried liver was over fried, our BBQ shrimp was not bbq flavored at all, our waiter. Nick never came to talk to us about our food of why we are waiting so long. I was very disappointed. Let's say, we will never be back. The good thing is we talked to the Manager and he comped our dinner.Ate here over Christmas weekend and was not disappointed.  Crawfish pie was excellent.  One of my favorite spots in NO.  Next time I will stop at the liquor store before I eat here!  BYOB.I was in New Orleans for two nights only in July of 2015. My boyfriend and I stumbled across Eat New Orleans the first night and it was without a doubt the best meal I've ever eaten in my life. We split the bbq crab legs as an appetizer, which was amazing. Then we both got the trio, which has chicken and andouille gumbo, beans and ham, and a stuffed pepper. It was absolutely so incredible that we came back the next night (after saying how eager we were to try as many different restaurants in New Orleans as possible...) and got different things. We each got gumbo again because it was so good. He got the bbq shrimp and I got the cochon with mustard greens. Both of them were just as delicious as the meal before. I am no food connoisseur but I know good food when I eat it and Eat New Orleans is truly in a league of its own.
We had a different waiter both nights and were so impressed with their friendliness despite the hard work they were running around doing. The atmosphere was also perfect and cozy. I think this place will be a New Orleans tradition for a long, long time!Really good. I had the ribs, they were moist and the sauce had a little kick. Husband had the salmon special. It was perfectly seasoned in a delicious sauce. He also had the banana cream pie, which was worth every bite. The service is fast so we didn't spend a lot of time waiting for food after a long day of sightseeing.We had an amazing dinner here on our first night at New Orleans.  No other place beat the experience for next three days we stayed there.  
I wanted to try something with local spices and waiter suggested the barbaque shrimp. It was amazing! 
My wife is a vegetarian. They were not many choices for her. She tried the potato leek soup, the mashed potatoes and the fried green tomato. All very delicious. 
To end it all we had the Humming bird cake for dessert which was again mind blowing! 
They do not serve alcohol but it is ok for you carry a bottle of wine or a six pack of beer. We did not know this so i had to run down the block to get a bottle of wine.
We met a nice friendly local couple seated next to us who offered us some of their wine and told us this is was the place where the locals hung out. 
The wait staff was very friendly too.We never miss this restaurant during our vacation in New Orleans.  During our Halloween weekend, we couldn't get a reservation so we waited until they opened to get a table at 5:30pm.  That is how good the food is.  I had the chicken and dumplings with mac and cheese.  Both tasted so great, I ate every molecule of food on my plate. I especially like this place because its laid back and cozy so you can be casual or slightly dressy depending on your company.  I saw a young couple dressed up on a date here. They seemed to love each others company as much as they loved the food so hopefully it was a magical night. Its one of those places you love but hesitate to tell anyone because you want to keep it your own secret because its so good. Recommended entrees from my friends would be the pork chops and chicken fried chicken but everything seems to be good. They do not serve wine or beer so bring your own for dinner.Average food, lousy service, and overpriced (for what it is).  Don't understand how it's rated this high...I wouldn't talk anyone out of going here.  I wouldn't recommend it though.  I didn't find it very exciting.
For appetizers we got crawfish somethings...haha...basically crawfish flavored hush puppies.  Not bad.  I got the cochon over greens.  not much flavor at all.  lot of sause on the cochon which hid the taste of the meat and the greens had no flavor.  not very good.
my date got stuffed peppers.  these were pretty good.  lots of flavor.
everything was just fine and it was good.  just not exciting. 
great atmosphere and top notch service.  you can bring your own wine too which is nice.  glad i ate there, but i'll just cross it off my list and keep goingI really love this place.  Last time I was in town it was really busy and never got to go, which was disappointing.  The food is always great.  BYOB is a pretty great option to have at a restaurant too.  Staff has always bee friendly and very accommodating. Will definitely be back in the future.Great local place for breakfast. Fresh ingredients, reasonable prices. Great service. Try the crab cake dauphine special if it is available. The biscuits are a must! Light and fluffy.Love, love the la beans with shrimp!!  The stuffed bell pepper was so meaty and delicious. BYOB.Great brunch!  The staff is so friendly and made great recommendations.  Crawfish boulllettes were so crazy good?  Eggs Dauphine & the big breakfast were both fantastic choices!  Plenty of food!  The home made jam on the biscuits was just perfect.We woke up on day 2 of the Staycation forcing Powerade and 5 hour energy down our throats. Forgoing the formal jazz brunches, we got off the beaten path and traveled from shade to shade down Dauphine to EAT. The southern porch roof colored walls (don't act like you don't know what color I'm talking about) and the smells radiating from the open kitchen were very relaxing. We poured ourselves a few mimosas (EAT is BYOB) while studying the overwhelming weekend brunch menu. It didn't take long before we were inhaling Eggs Daumaine- a scratch biscuit topped with grillades, poached eggs, and hollandaise- and a creamy herbed ricotta, and caramelized onion omelet like we were the cookie monster in chocolate chip rehab.Eat was amazing.  It had a nice homey atmosphere and the people who worked there were very sweet and helpful.
Had the Fried Green Tomatoes with Remoulade and the only bad thing I can say is that if I'm ever pregnant, I'm probably going to have an epic craving for those things and I live across the country.  Le sigh.
Redfish was amazing, as well as the Cajun Chicken sandwich I ordered.  The food was well spiced but it did not completely overpower the flavor.  It was one of the better places we went to eat on our trip to NOLA.  I heart this place.You're not on Bourbon St. anymore. Relax, enjoy the atmosphere and food, and BYOB if you want wine or beer.
The portobello sandwich is solidly good, and the garlic smashed potatoes are great. Nice, relaxed atmosphere, and close enough to Bourbon St. if you're in the neighborhood to say you've been there, but want to get away once you've smelled it.Based on yelp we walked forever to get to this place.  Food was good, but they were out of lox (that's why we went there).  Waiters are mellow, in no rush...which I can be nice, but in our case we were looking for a quick bite and run. Took them 10 minutes to get our table in order and our bagels and cream cheese lunch took 30 minutes to serve so we were there much longer than we planned.  I had a fig/cream cheese appetizer that was really good.  The atmosphere is very nice...airy and contemporary.  Noticed a couple next to us that seems to have no where to go and were on a romantic weekend, perfect place for them, but we were with our two hungry kids and need food fast, not so perfect for us.   If it was close I would go again, but would not make a special effort again.Food is important. So is service. Horrible service and overpriced food served with pretension, and actually the food is inexpensive for 1/4... I say the latter as a barometer for how awful we were treated. Not only will I not go back, I will be sure to tell as many folks as I can to not bother.This place screams brunch!  From the hardwood floors, the green and pale blue color scheme, and the bright natural lighting this cozy neighborhood joint was one of my favorite places for breakfast.  I saw the 'specials' of the day on the sign outside and immediately knew that it was going to be a great way to start the day.  
Anywhere that makes their own biscuits should get a 'nod' and a thumbs up.  The eggs benedicts were perfectly cooked and the fig and blue cheese tort is heavenly.  We also tried the Grillards (had to ask what it was and so glad we did) which ended up being surprisingly the big shining star of the meal.  
Service was friendly too.  It changed my view of southern cuisine and made me appreciate it... we will be back!Ate brunch today at Eat. Wow! Pulled pork bread pudding was delicious. My sister has the Myers lemon pancakes with lemon curd and this was equally good.  Wanted to have the red velvet cake for dessert, but we couldn't eat another bite.  Service was really good and freindly, but there was about a 15 minute wait with nowhere to sit but hang around outside.  Also, there was no alcohol served, but there were bars just around the corner or you could bring your own bottle of wine.This BYOB treasure is a must!  The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  We started with the frog leg and bbq shrimp appetizers.  Very well seasoned and cooked.  While my friends enjoyed the fried catfish and other meals, I have to say my cochon was the hit of the table.  So tender and delicious.  And its hard to please me, when it comes to pork!  I have met the owner in town and there's a reason for the great service and good food.No words can describe the amazing flavors!! 
Must have the Watermelon gazpacho!! It's to die for!!! 
Had the salmon and asparagus and the salmon was on point and there was pesto that just opened up whole new flavors! 
From the art to the music to the amazing staff.... just the perfect place to start our New Orleans experience!!Tasty,, Tasty... My second time back and not to disappoint. Always fresh, innovative dishes  with the friendliest  staff. I went for Sunday Brunch, had the Eggs Benedict on soft shell crab, out of this world!Okay as a restaurant general manager I do not usually leave reviews unless they are good. Unfortunately this review is not a great one. After reading other reviews I was excited to try this place out. When we arrived we were told to sit anywhere which we did. Got water and menus right away and then waited to put our order in, wanted the stuffed peppers but was told they only had 1 left. So ordered the fried green tomatoes and Mac and cheese. When our order was delivered 40 mins later the fried tomatoes were not green they were over ripe red and mushy! The mac and cheese was more like spaghetti carbonara which was horrible but wasn't good either. And my son ordered the chicken and dumplings and they seemed to be the ones out of a quick dinner box meal. In the least this place was not good and way over priced for some hamburger helper type of meal.This place is so delcious and enjoyable that I have to leave no serious details.  Great food, service, ambiance.  It's a must Eat at place in the quarter.   Tip:  bring our own wine or favorite spirit.  No liquor license here.I am a "brunch lover". After days researching brunches on Yelp- I found EAT. This is what I live for- the perfection of EAT.
From the moment we walked in- everything was smooth. Staff was informed and friendly. Our waitress recited the specials, made suggestions, checked on us, refilled coffee etc. The food: I had the scallops and grits and my husband had the chicken fried chicken. The grits were buttery, the scallops were plump and juicy, the bread was fresh baked and warm. I tried so hard to contain myself and not get up and do a happy dance. Hands down one of the most DELICIOUS meals I have had EVER. My husband said his chicken was juicy and crispy- he loved the bread too. Getting up early to avoid the line was completely worth it. 
The walls were colorful and the woodwork looked original and the artwork was NOLA funky. EAT makes me want to get in my car and drive 5 hours for food. Yes- it is that good.I decided to go here for a late dinner, trying to avoid all the fuss of Bourbon St and was delighted to see it was fairly low-key, but decently busy.  The Shrimp and Crab Fettuccine with a side of Fried Green Tomatoes was fantastic.
I had just ordered water with my meal without realizing there wasn't any alcohol on he menu. To my surprise, I saw someone carry in a six pack! It was my first time seeing that in NOLA, so I was a bit shocked. Soon I realized it was BYOB and there's a corner market nearby where you can pick up liquor. There's a "corking fee" if you decide to bring more than one bottle or six-pack. Super classy yeah? But at the same time, super awesome!The brunch is great.  Original and fun dishes. Eggs Delphine were special treat. Only drag was the 45 minute wait for a table on a Sunday morning.The place was hopping at brunch time, but after a short wait, we got a table for two.  This may be the best brunch I've had in New Orleans.  My meal consisted of a huge, pillowy biscuit, perfectly poached eggs, fried green tomatoes with a zesty remoulade, fluffy grits, and little fruit salad that they offered to substitute when I asked for no bacon.  It was tough rising to the occasion, but I managed to make most of it disappear.  We didn't take advantage of the BYOB, but probably should have since the first bottle is free.  The service was on the slow side, but it was pretty busy and the place was small, so I wasn't that annoyed by it.  Definitely recommend stopping by for brunch if you're in the quarter.My wife and I took a trip down to New Orleans for a bowl game and we decided to try and avoid as many of the "touristy" places as possible. On our first night there, we were walking around and stumbled upon Eat.
Everything we had there was great, with the exception of the crawfish pie. I am sure it is just because I am not used to that sort of flavor profile, but it was like a mix of seafood and marinara sauce... it just wasn't for me. The blue cheese & fig tort and stuffed peppers were both amazing. 
This is a place I strongly recommend whenever I find out someone is going to New Orleans.You can't really go wrong at EAT.  It has a nice, casual atmosphere.  We tried the crawfish pie.  Well done with great flavor.  Very dense though - so, only order if you have a big appetite.  
We also had "the trio", which consists of gumbo, red beans & rice, and a stuffed pepper.  This was hit-and-miss.  The gumbo was decent... could use a bit of thickening IMO.  Red beans & rice = excellence!  The stuffed pepper was filled with a meatball-like consistency, which is fine if you're a fan of this, but we thought it got monotonous rather quickly.
The staff is great!  Price is a bit high, though somewhat typical for French Quarter fare.
Per other Yelpers, the brunch is supposedly top-notch here, but we were here for lunch only.We had a wonderful meal at EAT! All the courses were prepared perfectly and the staff were friendly and attentive. A great casual, fine-dining experience!This place had great traditional food and was located in a cute and calm area of town. However, to get a seat here was ridiculous... we waited awkwardly in the doorway for someone to come greet us for at least 10 minutes. After about double the wait time predicted to us on a non-busy evening, we were finally seated. Our waiter was a character. He was pretty drunk and therefore gave us a few laughs. Before we saw that he set his beer down on our table after our fourth interaction with him, we just thought he was really strange. Nevertheless, this service was ok for us because we are friendly people, but this didn't really go with the restaurant. I'm not sure if this is the norm. My favorite was the appetizer we ordered and our meals were on point and of high quality. I also loved the atmosphere and the decor. Overall, I would return if I came back to NOLA in the near future and I suggest it to other foodies.Really awesome food and service. We had the cochon with mustard greens with a side of mac and cheese and the fried catfish with butterbeans and shrimp. Both were tasty but the catfish was beyond words. I read it "melted in your mouth", they weren't lying.
Our server was really helpful since it was our first time here.
The only con was serving size, the bf could have eaten a bit more.Food was just alright, not something I would go out of my way for and there are more flavorful choices in the French Quarters. 
They accommodated a large group with no problems and we got a little of everything:
- Fried Chicken Liver
- Fried Okra
- Crawfish Etoufee
- Pork Tenderloin
- Chicken Fried Chicken
- Steak
- Pasta
- Chicken & Dumplings
The server was awesome, but the chairs were horrible.  These chairs were extremely uncomfortable and my friends had to literally peel themselves out of them.  They had holes all over the seat which cut into your legs when you sit on them.  
... Or you could just do the opposite of what we did and wear pants instead of shorts.22 Jul 2014, 11:45a
Hubby and I were staying on St. Ann and didn't want to walk far for lunch so Yelp directed us here. There were already several tables full when we arrived and this  is a popular place for brunch, so we were pretty confident we'd enjoy the meal.
After perusing the menu, I decided on The Trio, but was informed they were out of gumbo. Really? Open for an hour and already out of gumbo? I decided to substitute the soup of the day, which I can't remember now.
Hubby ordered the Fired Catfish Po-Boy w/curly fries, but is informed the curly fry machine is broken. Strike two! They offer homemade chips and he's okay with that.
Looking at my photo of the menu, I decided to change my order to the Crawfish Pie and pick Smoked Sausage as my side. Guess what, no more sausage!  Seriously? I decided to go with the butterbeans w/shrimp
Here's what we finally ended up with:
Fried Chicken Livers w/Pepper Jelly
Fried Catfish Po-Boy w/Homemade Chips
Crawfish Pie w/Butterbeans with Shrimp
The livers were creamy inside a nice crispy breading. The jelly offset the liver taste somewhat and complimented the crust. Hubby liked this better than I did, but I'm just not really a liver fan. I did have a few pieces and they were tasty, though.
The side Caesars arrived next and although they appeared to be overdressed, the flavor of the dressing was not overpowering.  The lettuce was a little wilted from the amount of dressing, so not as crisp as it could have been, but it was very tasty.  Anchovies are noticeable in the dressing, which is a good thing!
Hubby's Po-Boy arrived and it looked quite tasty with several chunks of catfish.  The bread wasn't as soft as he was expecting and it just seemed to be a regular roll.  The homemade chips were okay.
My Crawfish Pie was a bit odd to me. Perhaps I'm not sure what it's supposed to be like, but there was a LOT of cheese, some crust scattered within it (not on top) and some crawfish.  It certainly could have used more crawfish as most of my bites contained cheese and some crust.  The Butterbeans w/Shrimp easily stole the show. The broth had a very noticeable shrimp flavor as did the beans.  I should have just ordered a bowl of this!
Overall, I was somewhat disappointed with the experience we had. To have three things on the menu not present just an hour after opening is unforgivable.  To save some of the headache, our waiter could have informed of us of what wasn't available before we even looked at the menu.  Prices are a bit high, but to their credit, they do say the use organic and local.  Whether they do or not, we'll never know, but if so, that could be some justification.
With so many good places to eat in New Orleans, we probably won't be back if we're in town again.Food: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars (romantic, practically all yuppy couples)
Overall: 2.5 stars
This place is over rated.  The crawfish pie was salty, strange, and didn't taste much crawfish.  The Mac n Cheese was actually SpAgHeTti and cheese which was odd.  The Fried Green Tomatoes with Remoulade was well done, but not that special for me.  The beef brisket was cut thin while it was cooked, so it felt like I was eating bacon.  My bad for ordering a dish that would not be normally ordered in NOLA.
The service was perfectly fine and the atmosphere nice inside.  But food is really important in my rating decision.Amazing food.  The lemon curd pancakes are the bom.   The service was great.  The banana fritters are the best start to the meal.   Make sure you check in. The lines are long to get in.Really good breakfast. The regular menu is inventive and quite delicious. Specials are equally good. I had the andouille sausage hash with poached eggs and a creole hollandaise sauce. Excellent. My friend had the fried green tomatoes and egg breakfast which was also good. The remoulade for the tomatoes was very distinctive and about the best I've ever tasted. Biscuits accompanied the meal and are huge. Good French press coffee. I'd would definitely return.