Bad smell in the restaurant, greasy floor, and the food is not that great! The prices are high for what you get and for New Orleans.Amazing GLUTEN FREE Mexican food!  The quesadillas with corn tortilla were amazing. The best I've had, even considering my trips south of the boarder. Customer service was friendly and attentive. I wish I had found this place on my first day here. 
Why Mexican food when in New Orleans?  Because even though this town has some great food, gluten free options are limited. Except here where they have an expansive dedicated gluten free menu.There were empty tables when we arrived and no line at the door. We were greeted by a host who confirmed there were just two of us. He asked if we had a reservation (note Yelp says they do not take reservations!). We did not. He then told us the wait was 45 minutes. I didn't get to try the expensive drinks but perhaps it's just as well.The only picture I could post is of empty plates! What an awesome find. Everything is fresh, delicious and authentic. So much better than everything in the French quarter. I will definitely be coming back. Thank you juan!
Queso fundido is a must! Salsa is amazing. Skirt steak was perfect. Chorizo was great and homemade corn tortillas were awesome.Enjoyed!!!! I would definatly go back! Do not find good mexican in Nola and I would consider this one of the better places!Amazing margaritas and quesadillas! Cute little spot. Everyone seemed very friendly. Although I was on date and we felt like our waitress was rushing us out and it was only 8:00. Trying to to take our plates before we were finished and offering us to go cups for our drinks.Great food right across trim the French Market. The stuffed paplano pepper app was full of flavor with just the right about of spice. I had a fish taco and a shrimp taco on a fresh home made corn tortilla. The drink menu was huge and although I don't drink they read like they were very tasty.We had a terrific dinner, served by Rachael. The special was a TexMex burrito that was very tasty. Rachael was so attentive and stopped by the table to chat. Highly recommended for flavor and service.Solid place for lunch. Their salsa was flavorful and the tacos I had were good. 
Tried the chorizo and the pulled pork. The chorizo was the better of the two in my opinion but both were good. 
Was thinking of getting 3 tacos and I'm glad I didn't because the 2 were larger than expected so more than enough. My colleagues had the chicken enchiladas which, was a massive plate of food, and then the Acapulco salad which while delicious looking seems like such a waste to order at a Mexican joint. 
All in all a decent meal in the warehouse district. Worth giving it a look.Amazing lobster tacos! I highly recommend this place for lunch. Everything is fresh and delicious. The waiter was super friendly and open to questions. He had great lunch suggestions. I would definitely eat there again.Best ever Red Snapper tacos for lunch. Fresh, huge portion, perfectly cooked, and not over seasoned. Extremely clean, fun atmosphere, and friendly and prompt service. Staff pride is evident.The queso fundido is amazing! We filled up on that divine cheesy goodness and should have split our entrees (we ended up only eating half of our entrees). 
The staff was fabulous - my son spilled a drink as soon as it was served, and they quickly moved us to a new table and reassured my son that it was ok (he was visibly upset that he had accidentally spilled). Then when the manager found out my kids speak Spanish, he gave them special attention and brought over a native Spanish speaker. 
If you want a yummy meal that's not in the bustle of the French Quarter, this is a great bet.Having guacamole, made fresh in front of us. Delicious. Fish tacos, fresh catch, puppy drum. With homemade corn tortillas. Delicious. Great atmosphere and assistance. This place is perfect!This place is a phenomenal gem if you looking for something different than the typical cajun cuisine then this is the perfect spot. The food is super flavorful and more than enough to make you full. A must try!!!Two tacos, one grilled fish & onions, one grilled vegetables, with homemade corn tortillas and an ice tea made for a perfect quick meal. Wish the bar was open during lunch; sitting solo at a table was a little awkward. Service was great.Everything tastes pretty good but the prices were really steep for the amount you get. The margaritas were tasty, but they cost almost $14 when you get the mixed ones. We got the crawfish quesadilla and the aged skirt steak burrito. Both were good but again, steep pricing. Ended up being about $35 a person and we weren't really full.Been there 3 times so far and have not been disappointed. Joey is the Gen. Manager and is doing a great job with this new location. Last visit we had Josh take care of us and he was on point with his service. 
This is not your typical cheap Tex Mex. Although a little pricey. The quality comes through in the fresh ingredients and great drinks. 
I suggest ordering their house tequila, queso fundido, steak fajitas, and finish off with their flan. 
If your not that hungry, don't be scared to split a meal.The food here was awesome, the salsa was delicious, queso amazing, and my veggie quesadilla was boommbbb. Our server was sweet too. BUT on a minor note the chips weren't all that great. And more importantly the service was sub par-particularly the management. It did take some time to get our drinks, and to have our server come check on us, but I know she was deep cleaning behind the bar at this time, so it seemed she lost track of time doing that. We were also informed it costs to get more salsa or chips, I've never been to a Mexican restaurant that does that and if I'm paying $14 for a veggie quesadilla, I would think I could get a refill of a small bowl of salsa no problem. The kicker here is the manager on duty, he spend the majority of the time we were there standing at the host stand or walking around on the phone. When we were informed we couldn't split the check (there were only two of us), and had to have our check adjusted (friend was charged for chicken that wasn't in her dish), he took quite some time to address this issue. He never came to our table before or after the check, despite the server being focused on cleaning and not our table, or despite our plates being stacked at the corner of the table. He was standing right beside us the majority of the time... if the service was as focused on the guest as much as the food was that place probably would have had a few more tables in it... please know though, the food was SO good.Just what we were looking for! Fresh squeezed margaritas, endless chips and salsa and spicy flavorful fajitas! We got the chicken fajitas and it was more than enough for 2 of us to share. We were so full from our lunch I didn't even need dinner. Great place and close to some of the hotels. Check it out! Friendly service too!I don't know what I must have been thinking going out for Mexican food in New Orleans.
Went there about a week ago when I had my grand kids in town. I thought tacos were a good Idea for little kids. A $4 taco would not have been bad had it come with more that just a small tortilla and meat. The tortilla was so small for the amount of meat that the kids had trouble eating it and they have eaten plenty of tacos. Then the add on's. A $4  dollar taco becomes a 6.50 taco and it not worth 6.50. My margarita was average at best.  My wife and I had a chicken Mole Burrito. Average at best had better a chain burrito places. For the price could have definitely could have done better.The food was decent, but the service was very lacking. We got our food at different times and well after other tables which ordered after us.I ate at the S. Peters St location a couple weeks ago.  I was on my way to the convention center and decided to eat here instead of paying for the WAY overpriced lunches available at the center.  I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good.  The rice and beans were great too.  But as promised, the "game changer" really is the Orange Oregano Salsa.  Oh my word!!  I'm still thinking about it weeks later.Food was very tasty, but extremely over priced for the small portion.  My lovely wife had the steak quesadilla for $14.95 and it was very small like about a half quesadilla.  I had a a steak burrito for $15.95 and it was tasty but overpriced.  My server was good, but seemed a bit overwhelmed.The food is pretty good, but the place is quite expensive for what you get. I got the mole chicken poblano which came with rice, beans and two tortillas. The breast was pretty big and the mole sauce was tasty, but that set me back $15. My date got the seared eggplant which was good, but again $25 for an entree. $50 including tip for two who drank water and no appetizers is pretty steep. Chips and salsa were free, chips were fine, salsa was a little too close to ketchup for me. It tasted alright, would not buy a jar of it. Overall, fine if you're traveling on per diem or someone else paying, much better food in the area for the price you'll pay. Probably won't be back simply due to $$$.Not sure why this city tries overcharging on everything.  Chips and Salsa should be free; or at least 1 round per person as advertised.  I went with 4 adults.  We do not share food since we dont know each other that well.  Since the menu said "the first round is on us", I asked for 4 separate salsas.  (Dipping with someone you dont know is weird).  When we got the bill, we had an extra $6 tagged on for the 3 additional salsas on top of the first.  PLUS, they charged for extra chips (even though we were 4 adults, we only get 1 free basket).  Ridiculous.  Next time, I will be sure to only go alone and not bring anyyone with me - or we will ask for separate tables next to each other.  Stupid and bad for business.Food was fantastic! Started of with pineapple cilantro margaritas and a stuffed avocado for an appetizer.  The stuffed avocado had shrimp,  cilantro,  and a butter cream sauce.  The manager, Josh recommended corn tortillas to soak up the sauce. Well worth it!  Next course was the blood of the devil Margarita.  Yummy!  Cranberry,  lime and spicy Serrano infused tequila.  Our bartender, Antonio was amazing!  He made exactly what we wanted.  We had a food restriction and Josh recommended the Seared Oxacan eggplant for our entree.  Everything was tasty and the service of both Josh and Antonio was above and beyond.  We're local and we will definitely be back!  There's more cilantro pineapple margaritas in the future:)We helped good places to eat for dinner and this place was reasonably priced and had great reviews so we gave it a try. What a great idea. The food was AMAZING. The best thing either of us has ever had eaten in a Mexican restaurant was the stuffed avocado with shrimp. OMG....it is out of this world. My wife got it as an entree and me and my son wanted more and more of it. 
I got the steak fajitas and my son got the beef burrito. The food is above average and exceeded our expectations. Our server was friendly and quick with our food, drinks and chips. 
I wanted to give this place a 4.5 stars so I had to round up. They deserve their 4 star rating and a little more.  Great location, great food and the prices weren't too bad at all. Overall, we were extremely satisfied. 
If/when we're ever in NOLA again, we'll be back for that stuffed avocado. Soooooo. Good. 
I put pictures of what we had.Would have gotten 4 stars BUT....... They charged us $7.00 for 4 very small bowls of salsa for the chips and when I brought this up to the manager he kept the charge on, coulda bought 2 bottles of Pace salsa for that price. In all my years of eating at Mexican Restaurants I've never paid for chips and salsa always complimentary. To their credit though, the food was good.  You can shear sheep once a year, you can only skin'em once.Great experience from the moment we walked in the door. Service was impeccable, and our server, Sammy was an absolute delight he gave us great suggestions and treated us like family! The food was uber delicious! We ordered a mixed grill with several types of meats and vegetables (all delicious) and a Macho platter, enchiladas and quesadillas rice beans and guac these two fed all four of us (Wow)! 
We all had an excellent time, it was fun and entertaining! The entire staff worked together and provided us with a great New Orleans evening! If you just need to get away from Cajun this place is a definite must! Ask for Sammy!!BEWARE ANYONE who is a BUSINESS TRAVELER, location WILL NOT SPLIT CHECKS! Ridiculous!Poor service, I came here for a convention last week and we always ask if we can split check up front. She asked if we were bustiness travelers and then asked the manager, and was good to go. Well, I come tonight and I was told that was an error.This place has a separate gluten-free menu which was awesome!!! The food itself also was good - large portions (I should have only gotten one taco!!!) and very fresh/well prepared. I highly recommend. We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and provided impeccable service. 
They make margaritas out of their own top shelf tequila brand as well, if you are into that sort of thing.Stayed right next to the restaurant and was looking for a cold beer and I ordered a plate of guacamole made by my table.  It was great, the corona was only $4 and the chips and salsa were worth eating. Being from Los Angeles I know good mex food.  This place was worth checking outThe food was typical for a Mexican restaurant nothing spectacular. The service was terrible. I wouldn't suggest skipping and going somewhere else for a meal.Salsa, cheese dip and burrito were all really good. Different flavors of margaritas that you probably wouldn't think of but taste great.A little expensive, but overall delicious!
Definitely recommend the tacos. I had the shrimp, steak, chicken and ground beef. All of them were delicious!
Would recommend you visit if you're attending a conference nearby!I was so pleasantly surprised to find this gem in New Orleans. Some of the best Mexican food I've had.This kind of place is the reason I use Yelp! I went here for lunch during a conference and everything about this place made me happy. Our server Kevin was super friendly and very helpful. 
I'm a vegetarian and he recommended the veggie fajitas (without the rice due to chicken stock, which is something some servers miss) and they hit the spot. 
My wife said that this was the first time in a long time that she was totally happy after a restaurant meal. Next time in NOLA I will be coming to El Gato Negro.This place has awesome margaritas. The food is authentic and great prices. The atmosphere is nice and service is excellent. If you need something different than the cajon seafood, this is the place. Grais!This place started off great and escalated downwsrds. The Watermelon Margarita was good. The service started out good. Place was emplty.
Then we didn't get our food for 30 min. My Hass with shrimp was cold. My boys tacos were cold and overcooked. The lobster tacos were cold and salty. My wife's fajitas came out perfect and hot......10 minutes after ours. Missing the sides for my boys tacos. It was just bad. Waiter apologized and explained  that they sacrificed food service to help out the bar staff that was short staffed??? So it sucked for us.
Not coming back. $135 waisted. Should have just gambled it away.This is a good Mexican place in the middle of the garden district (there are other locations in NOLA too). Make sure to ask for the vegetarian menu (which also houses the gluten free options). 
I had the vegetarian burrito (make sure to get it without rice since there's chicken broth in there). The burrito is filled with delicious fresh veggies including Brussels sprouts! It comes with a side of fresh guacamole. I definitely recommend it.
Service here is good, but be forewarned that only the first basket of chips and salsa is included. There is an additional charge for more chips and salsa.This is a fantastic place to eat the service is wonderful and the food is the best, the prices aren't bad but mostly you cannot beat the service.The pork chop with the chipotle mushroom sauce was amazing! I hardly ever write reviews, but this place was so great that i felt the need to share. The Blood of the Devil margarita is delicious. It is infused with seranno pepper tequila and has a spicy kick that is perfect. Do yourself a favor and try this place. It will not disappointExcellent authentic Mexican. Delicious vegetarian options as well as carnitas & shrimp. I love the vegetable tacos. We usually go to the lakeview location- it is kid friendly & gets crowded. Wonderful margaritas. I am looking forward to the renovation with more outdoor seating.Sat for more than an hour waiting on our food after we ordered. The manager noticed us just sitting and gave us complimentary round 2 of our drinks.  That was very nice of him. Once we receive our meal, it wasn't really as great as all the reviews state. I would not return.Waited 20 minutes for someone to take my order and left hungry. Never got water. Tried flagging waiter down no luck. I just wanted a drink and a bite. Chips and salsa were good.This restaurant was an amazing find in the warehouse district. It's conveniently located right across from the Riverwalk, along Julia St. There's a decent amount of street parking around as well as a public parking garage only one block away. 
As a vegetarian, I loved all the menu choices available here. I went to this restaurant with my family of 5 (all vegetarians) for lunch and we were all able to get unique dishes! This never happens! I had the acapulco salad with fresh veggies. The veggies were so deliciously seasoned and fresh--someone with a real flavor palate and respect for properly cooking these veggies prepared this meal. I also had a bite of the veggie burrito--very very savory and filling. 
The restaurant provides the first round of chips and salsa for the table complimentary, which was nice. They also provide table-side guac where they prepare the guac fresh for you and modify the spice level to your table's choosing. 
The restaurant is large and spacious, with a separate bar area that looks fun for late night. 
Overall, I would definitely re-visit this place!Visiting New Orleans for several days, I decided to try out El Gato Negro. I went around lunchtime and tried the El Macho Man combo. Every item was delicious! Not to mention the staff were all friendly and attentive throughout the meal. This is an excellent lunch spot and a great choice for anyone looking for Mexican food nearby.The enchiladas are great, and the orange-oregano salsa is amazing. Highly recommended.Food was expensive ($22 for fajitas) and not very good. Margaritas were so sweet. The go box they brought me had already been used. No bueno.NOT your standard Mexican fare! I went with my wife and daughter-in-law while in town for business. My wife and I are vegetarian, and this is a great place for us. They have a separate vegetarian menu on request. I had veggie fajitas; my wife had veggie tacos, which are a build-your-own item, similar to fajitas. Daughter-in-law had chicken enchiladas. The tableside guacamole is excellent, as were all the entrees. Tortillas are handmade. The rice has chicken stock in it, so vegetarians get extra beans instead (the frijol refrito doesn't contain lard). Chips and salsa also very good. Waiter was very friendly and helpful.
Bill with one margarita, one iced tea, and all the above: $68.
Vegetarians can have a hard time in New Orleans. This place is a gem.Wow!!! I frequent the chain around the city and was delighted to hear the opening downtown. Went with my dad who is somewhat of a tough critic for lunch, lunch is a big deal to him. 
1. The service is AMAZING. Rochelle was on point with every suggestion, loveable personality, and felt like a family member like she should sit down and eat with us. She served over seas and has worked in the hospitality industry.
 Then Joey comes by, blew us away (literally) with his bananas foster (a Mexican resturant with some New Orleans flavor). Such a humble and passionate leader. Got a motivational talk with a great meal. Could've stayed for hours just from the great energy we received from the wonderful staff/family.
2. The food, which was so good that even though I was stuffed didn't/couldn't stop eating. As an entree I got the red snapper plate towards the bottom left hand side of the menu. I couldn't tell you what my dad had because I was so focused but he enjoyed it too he was talking about the salsa, I couldn't hear because my mouth was full (not joking). Absolutely delicious! ..... Now ... the bananas foster, dare I say it was better then Brennens on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. Joey had it down to a science literally. And he loved doing it. 
3. This is a comfortable Mexican spot. Not an uppity resturant with small tapas/tacos that are over priced. And not the over done, feel like rolling over when you finish spot priced at 5 dollars for a Mexican feast. This is a nice middle ground!
Thank you to all the staff the waitressess, the cooks and the gm. We will defiantly be back for the HAPPY HOUR @ 5 with $5 PINEAPPLE CILANTRO MARGARITAS. Because of their values, quality, and service this chain will grow and and keep regulars. But go check it out for yourself!I headed over from the convention center for a quick lunch. They had the perfect table for one in a little corner. Food was delicious and service, fast.Love love love this place! We were a large group and our waiter was quick and fun. They even made a special micholata for one of our group. They have unique magaritas on the meno like orange cilantro. They recommended some things on the menu and were super quick bringing drinks. The crawfish queso was great. The shrimp quesodilla was also awesome.  I reccomend this place if you looking for something besides typical new Orleans cuisine. We had a fantastic time.Mexican food in New Orleans? A little hard to find, but just a quick walk away from the convention center. I was greeted with sporting events being played on the TV's, then chips and salsa came out quickly. I ordered the chicken breast with mole poblano (came with Spanish rice and refried beans), which may or may not be on the menu anymore as a single dish.The order took about 20 minutes. The chicken was tender and moist, but the mole a little less spicy than I had believed it was going to be and slightly different than how my grandma used to make it. For $15.75, I left satisfied and was a fan from the start after seeing the cat logo on the signService was great. Great  people. Paid premium dollar for Food that was inedible. Chicken taco was decent. Most people commented on how small the  sizes were for paying as much as we did.Talk about tickling your tastebuds! This NOLA gal is used to the typical local cuisine. What a treat it was to find El Gato Negro!
Cute place, friendly staff, and the flavors! OMG! We are talking not your average Mexican food here.
The pineapple habanero shrimp was sweet with a hint of spice, perfectly balanced for your palate. The pulled pork burrito was overstuffed and the chorizo salsa was exactly what it needed to take this dish over the top!
I will be back again! Happy tongue, happier tummy!Being from San Antonio, I know my way around a plate of enchiladas! I was very happy with my meal. It was generous in portion, had some flare to it, and simply tasted incredible. The service was friendly, fast enough, and the price was commensurate with the quality and experience. 
I'll be back!Of all the local Mexican places, this one is my favorite (along with Casa Borrega).  We used to schlep to the French market location  or even drive out to lakeview.  Now that we have an El Gato Negro a short walk away from home, we go once a week.
The stuffed pepper appetizer is great. Portions are large. It's easy to share here & still have leftovers. My favorite dish is the fajitas - steak and chicken. Their seasonings are great and they always use whichever veggies are fresh & in season. The mirliton is to die for !Very good. Ate a late lunch. Server was Julie. Very nice. Food is all fresh. Awesome Guacamole!!!!Went for lunch when they opened at 11am with my
 daughter. Super fresh, super flavorful, great service. Had the stuffed avocado and tableside ceviche. Some of the best Mexican food I've ever eaten. The restaurant is clean with beautiful decor.Great queso, chorizo tacos and house made tequila!
Juan is a great host and if you're in the area you owe it to yourself to stop.Mmmmm. I was so excited for you, El Gato Negro. But I found you to be overpriced and under flavored. The tacos were lackluster. The lunch service was slow af. The salsa was kind of gross. Margaritas were pretty great though.Went here years ago while traveling and remember it being great (although vague memory as I was pretty drunk), so made a point to come back and make sure. Food here is amazing- got the beef quesadilla and it was incredible. GF got veggie fajitas. Also, go for the table-side guac- They'll make it how you like it (salty, spicy, garlic, etc). Margaritas are also de-lish.Just a bad overall experience both times I've gone now just save your time and money and don't go. There are so many better restaurants in Nola.The food and atmosphere were so good!!! The only downside was it looked like there were 3 waiters running a full house so the service was pretty slow but the waiters were very friendly.It was good! Large portions, food was a little different than the usual Mexican cuisine restaurants so it was a nice surprise. Our service was a little slow, that was the only downfall. It wasn't horrible to ruin our experience, but it felt like it took longer to get our bill and our credit card back than it did to wait for our food and eat it. I definitely recommend it.Are you ever in the mood for a really big, messy burrito? I recently had that kind of craving, so David and I headed over to El Gato Negro, home of one of my favorite burritos.
We were here somewhat early (7 ish) on a Friday night and the crowd was non-existent, but we were greeted with a friendly "hello" and shown to our table right away. Joseph was our waiter and he was great- super friendly and attentive and full of personality. We started with an order of queso and I got my carnitas burrito smothered in their delicious tomato sauce. As always, the burrito was perfect and packed with goodies. I was pretty pleased. I also had a tasty frozen margarita that was a great "cool down" on a warm summer night.
The atmosphere of this place is pretty laid back and I imagine that they do a good lunch crowd and I'm sure that business picks up when there is a show at Howlin Wolf or Republic, so plan accordingly. I will definitely go back for more of their deliciousness.Big fan of this place. They have lots of gluten free options and even a gluten free menu. Everything I had was very good. It's a little pricey, but worth it. Very clean and great service.Our sister n law recommend El Gato Negro and it was simply the best. The service went above and beyond the call of duty. My wife tried the margarita blooded the devil and it was super. I had the poblano pepper and this was off the chain. When in New Orleans this is a mustGood food.  Reasonable price.   Not fancy and drinks are good.   Margaritas are their specialty.Great service really good food. Is it just me or is this place super overpriced though? The tourists don't know any better but the prices here seem very high for New Orleans. $4-5 for a single taco.This place is so slow!!!!!! Waited way too long for our food at 10 pm not very crowded either!!! Once the food finally came out it was very good, but VERY SLOWShrimp quesadilla was good but rather small for the price. We got seated quickly and received chips and salsa. Staff was a little slow but we got that impression based on other reviews. Overall a good experience.I'm a big eater and so is my pregnant wife. We were told by the very nice waiter that some of the items on the menu were quite a lot for one so we shared one plate with different enchiladas, quesadillas and other mexican foods. 
It was truly mexican, and I must say that it was the best food so far in new orleans. We've been here for three days and to he honest, food hasn't been that good anywhere but from 'el gato negro' we left totally full and very happy. 
I really reccomend this place! Doesn't matter if you want a quick bite or a real big dinner. It's friendly, clean, and terrific food to a reasonable price.If you're gluten free, you must try El Gato Negro! The menu offers quite an array of authentic dishes. Outstanding staff who are always energetic and accommodating. On our vacation of one week we have enjoyed this venue three times.Yummy. Great food. Tasty and flavorful. We had chicken tacos, shrimp tacos, burritos, cheese dip. Everything was yummy. We are coming back! 
The restaurant was empty at night, but that's because it's in the business district.Tonight was my second experience at El Negro Gato. My first experience was delicious. The guacamole was incredible and the staff was so kind.
Tonight I arrived to find that they were closing. I asked if I could get a takeout order despite them technically being closed. They remembered me and immediately and graciously said they would. They let me sit at a table while my food was prepared. I am so impressed by their kindness and service. I've loved all of the items I've tried and would happily return again during my stay.Loved this place. Great atmosphere, fabulous service, and outstanding food after a long day of walking. 
I had the carne asada quesadilla, beans and rice. I have to say this was the best quesadilla I've ever had!!  Fresh, homemade tortilla, tender grilled carne, and wonderful queso.The food and service was excellent. Moses was so kind and attentive. Good authentic Mexican food from an experienced traveler who lived in California, Texas, and Chicago. Nice break from the New Orleans Cajun menus.the food was good. service was a bit slow but they improved on our second visit.  good place for vegetarian/vegans as they have options.Well we visited this restaurant during the daytime hours. Now, I've been to SEVERAL Mexican restaurants and this one by far is a rip off they charge for everything. 
Now if you are expecting traditional tacos I hope you expect to pay at least 8$-10$ for a typically taco(1taco that is). You pay for a taco but you only get the meat and cooked onions. You have to pay extra for tomatoes, lettuce, sour cream, and cheese!!! I'm not sure where they do that at, besides this place... 
Your first round of chips and salsa are on the house and the second round you must pay for. The salsa was good. The drinks were good. But don't go in thinking that  this place is like any other restaurant that you have been too.  
Bring extra money!!Started with chips and a really good salsa. Had margaritas, full of flavor. SO had a salad with shrimp, and the guacamole, both delicious. The salad dressing was very tasty, and all the flavors were fresh. I had the carne asada, which came with home made corn tortillas. The steak was perfect with deep flavor. The service was excellent. Absolutely recommend.ERRR MERRRR GERRRD!!!!! Bein a So Cal boy, I often made way to baja mex & this place is as authentic as any in mexico. Def must try.Is it incredulous that the best experience I had in New Orleans was at El Gato Negro? Everything from the queso, to the mole to the house tequila was exceptional.  Add in the amazing, friendly and attentive service and you have the perfect foodie heaven. Did I mention the house made tequila? Stop by to say hi to Rochelle and juan...you won't be disappointedIt is hard to think of eating Mexican in a town like New Orleans always go for the seafood but on a eas Wednesday night I walked into this restaurant and was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was.   Really really really good home made salsa. great staff. really priced right.i have gotta come back in againGot there at about 12:15 and we were seated right away! The chips and salsa were yummy and the drinks came out super quickly. I got a quesadilla and it was a pretty small portion, but so delicious and was enough for me. My husband got tacos a la cart (chicken breast, shrimp, and steak) and LOVED them. He was happy he got to try three meats. Service was great and food came in about 10-15 minutes. Today is day 1 of a 7 day trip and we will for sure be back!If you are looking for exceptional Mexican cuisine, made with the best ingredients, then you will not be disappointed here.  
Thirty-five of my colleagues and I were in town on business.  There were a few of us that wanted something a little different than just the traditional Cajun meals that most visitors to New Orleans would get.  We each stopped at different times in various size groups. 
When I arrived my first night Juan, the owner, happened to be there.  He greeted and treated everyone as if they were family arriving for a home cooked meal.  It didn't stop with the owner.  From Cristina (the general manager) the bartenders (Josh and Mia) and the wait staff (Greg, Hannah, and Alex) each welcomed us to enjoy some of the finest Mexican dishes anywhere with impeccable service.
The menu was well put together with a great selection of quality drinks, appetizers and entrees that made us all return for more.  Not one of us was disappointed with anything we ordered.  The presentation of each dish was well thought out and the flavor you have to experience yourself.  Simply said, it is some of the finest Mexican food anywhere.
So, yes, you can enjoy great Cajun cuisine while in New Orleans but you would be very disappointed if you missed the opportunity of experiencing the great cuisine, service and décor or El Gato Negro.  Kudos to Juan and the El Gato Negro family for providing a superb dining experience.We were out-and-about all day and needed some dinner. Girlfriend said this place was really good so we decided to walk quite a way to eat here!
I'm glad we did! It was great. She really enjoyed her margarita and both of us had great meals. I thought the chips and salsa were great too. Being somewhat of a Mexican snob, I thought that they had really tasty food. The tamale was my favorite part of my combo meal and she liked the quesadillas.
It was expensive. Not super expensive, but more so than most any Mexican place I've been to. 
I'd go back for sure!Tried El Gato Negro for the first time. The service was great and the food was fabulous. The flavors were bold and unlike anything I've had in our hometown of Lafayette, Louisiana. Definitely looking forward to a return visit.El Gato Negro has the worst Mexican Food I have ever tasted in my life!!!! I lived in Houston for 11 years. I have had authentic and Tex-Mex.  The salsa flavor is nothing but garlic, there are other ingredients.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas, absolutely NO flavor, they seemed to be reheated in a microwave before the plate was brought to my table.  The Spanish rice had corn in it which I don't eat and the waitress did not inform me. The rice and beans had absolutely NO flavor. When I boxed my plate to drop to a homeless person, the cheese was stuck to the bottom of the plate, this is how I know it was microwaved!!! Disgusting food for certain!!!Delicious mexican food, and fairly priced. I got chicken enchiladas and my friend got the vegetarian fajitas. Both were delicious and came with all the fixin's: rice and beans, steamed tortillas, and we got delicious margaritas to compliment the food. One star off just because we had to wait too long for our drinks; our waitress forgot them and we only got them with our food.While the food is delicious, I will not be returning. This business is NOT convenient for business travelers traveling in groups. They also do not make it clear that they can only accept 'chip' compliant cards when paying with credit/debit.Best Mexican food I've had. The lobster claw quesadilla was very good and so was the stuffed avocado. Would definitely go back when I'm in town again.I recommend the stuffed poblano pepper with veggies and corn tortillas. So many layers of flavor and all fresh, homemade ingredients. Excellent service too!  A must try!Who goes to New Orleans for Mexican food? Me from now on! This place is awesome!! Speaking as a resident of southern California, I like to think I know good Mexican food when I taste it, and this place was fantastic. I had the stuffed poblano pepper and a couple of excellent margaritas (so forgive any typos), all served by the excellent and charming Julie.
I will be back, move over Emerill!Authentic and incredibly fresh! From the chips and salsa to the drinks, all the way to the main course, everything was incredibly fresh and flavorful. I got the burrito mole, which has a dark chocolate sauce. The chocolate is there, but it's not overpowering. My husband got the steak fajitas. The steak was high quality meat and the vegetables were big and plentiful. We would definitely return here.In town for tradeshow- stopped in here because I loved the vibe.. Food was fantastic. Had the stuffed alvacodo, unreal. Delicious and awesome friendly conversational staff. Great place to eat at the bar and have a casual beer after a long day setting up the booth!On a Friday night a long day sightseeing, we were hungry but wanted something easy, delicious and family friends. El Gato Negro was across the street from our hotel, so it was a no brainier. We were seated immediately and greeted by a friendly server. He recommended the house margarita and a special mango margarita. Yum! The queso fundido was meaty and cheese, all things you'd expect. Chips and salsa were fresh, too. But once we ordered our meal, we waited 45 more minutes to get our food and then it even came out one dish at a time. Apparently there was a bachelorette party there which backed up the kitchen. But 45 minutes after ordering with two toddlers at 8pm is never a fun experience. Once the food arrived, it was good but we were over it and ready to go. I have the chicken enchilada plate, and wasn't even able to finish it due to a sleeping child. 
All in all, it may have been a better experience. Unfortunately for us, it was a $100+ meal that that took 2 hours too long to finish.Wayyyyy too expensive for very little food and was not even that good. Ordered crawfish quesadilla for 12.95 it was the smallest quesadilla I have ever seen. I also ordered a queso that was $9 bucks that was filled less than half way of a styrofoam container. Def won't be back!If you're done eating Creole and smoked meat in NOLA, and you need to bring it back to basics, stop by this place and grab yourself some fresh salsa, guacamole, chips and a baked avocado... then sit back and proceed to fill yourself up with some omega 3 fatty acids....yes!!
- Guacamole was FRESH (see picture) and huge (2 x avocados per order)
- Salsa had a nice punch, a little salty (in a good way!) and was addictive. 
- Chips were great (but not enough for both salsa and guac) 
- Baked avocado was creative...might try something differnet next time.
I am feeling good right now! 
I took it to go as I wanted to chill @ hotel...Maybe I'm spoiled, maybe not. I'm not fond of a Mexican place that charges me for more chips or more salsa. I am especially not fond of a place that charges $9 for guacamole and then STILL doesn't give us more chips for said guac without paying for the refill. I had the filet mignon burrito. Still not sure why it was called that, it was just huge chunks of tough steak wrapped in a tortilla with some onions.  Overall, I was disappointed and I'm still not sure why so many locals recommended this place to me of all places.  Memphis definitely trumps NOLA in terms of Mexican food.I was in town for a convention and I could not get enough of this place. This is by far one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to. The waitstaff is phenomenal, the food is incredible, and the prices are reasonable.  This is definitely one of those restaurants I will seek out when I come back to New Orleans!Ceviche is made fresh to order table side and is really good. Great bar and fresh chips. Will definitely do again.Solid food, but poor service and overpriced at this location.  Our server was rude and not helpful with questions about the menu and drink selection.  I don't expect to spend $65 at a casual Mexican restaurant for two drinks, a ceviche and an entree.  I have had better dining experiences at the other locations, but this one was three strikes and now off my list of options.Won't be back unless I take some hallucinogens, and want to be really freaked out. Service made me feel like I was waiting on them, food was okay, and I left hungry after eating a basket of chips and a 6 inch, 17 dollar steak burrito. Too many good restaurants in this city to go to a place like thisIf I could give this place negative stars I would. This was probably the worst restaurant I've ever been to and we were all so disappointed given its rave reviews. Let me start off by saying we made a reservation for a party of 4 on OpenTable and though I live out of town I lived in New Orleans for 4 years and am well aware of the restaurant scene. 2 of the other people in our party were locals and had had El Gato Negro before through catering at work. When we arrived on time, first we are told they aren't on OpenTable, then they eventually decide to give us a table anyway but we are directed to the bar for drinks while we wait. The restaurant isn't even half full, and this is during Jazz Fest weekend. My friends tried to get drinks at the bar, where there were maybe 3 other people already served, and were completely ignored by the bartender. So that was a bust. Already annoyed, our table was finally ready. 
When we finally sat down, we were given chips and told that salsa after the first small bowl costs extra. Shortly thereafter we noticed everything on the menu that you would commonly expect to receive complimentary came with a surcharge. The tacos seemed like a good price at $3 but we soon realized they only came with meat - lettuce, salsa etc. were all an additional dollar or so! For a small taco! Our waiter was incredibly rude and short with us. When my friends got their enchiladas, they said the sauce tasted like straight Ragu. My food was okay - I had the fajitas but wouldn't order them again. Adding to their stinginess, the 3-4 huge big screen TVs in the restaurant were playing access television. We had a pretty good laugh about that. 
When we finally got the bill and assessed the damage and excessive surcharges, we received individual checks as asked, yet one person was overcharged by $90 for no apparent reason. When we politely pointed this out to the server he said it was "not personal" very hastily.
Definitely would not return. Definitely do not recommend. Stay away! They might charge you for breathing next.In town for work convention. This place was a short walk from the hotel. I had my doubts early... However after being seated with the chips and salsa I was noticing this was GOING to be good!
We were seated immediately and chips and salsa and drinks to the table and away we went. 
The pace was perfect the queso arrived and was very delicious. The pineapple margarita I sipped on was simply bliss.
I created my own- (a menu option) tacos with one chicken and onions on flour tortilla and one pulled pork and onions on wheat tortilla - blown away by the taste! It was amazing!
I paired it with some rice and had a great meal.
The service from Lucia (sorry about spelling) was dynamite! 
If in the area again I will definitely be in for more Mexican food at this location!
Thank you for being awesome!
Respectfully,
Bryan
OKCWent here on a Monday night and had a great time. The staff was very friendly, especially the bartender, Joseph. We sat at the bar and had both crawfish and skirt steak quesadillas. They were a little pricey, but more importantly they were both very delicious. Seems like a great place to unwind after work. I'm looking forward to the re-modeled location in Lakeview to re-open.The margaritas and mojitos were excellent. The food is good is okay but very over priced and small portions. I was excited by the house made chorizo, but it lacked spices and heat. I was pretty disappointed overall.I ordered the Trio to go. It was $19.66 before tip for this and a coke. I thought Mexican was supposed to be cheap with large portions. Not here. 3 bites of beans?? What the heck? Beans are cheap! Service was fast and very friendly staff. Taste of enchiladas were pretty good, beans tasted good and rice was rice. Just overpriced small portions is what ate a couple stars.Stumbled upon this place when looking to grab dinner before a concert right next door. Was greeted warmly immediately as we walked in. We were treated as family the entire time, with multiple visits to our table from both our waiter and the manager to see if we were enjoying everything. When they found out it was my birthday they quickly asked if I liked flan and later brought some out for me as a dessert (on the house) with an original birthday song and dance. I ordered the lobster claw tacos and I have not stopped thinking about them ever since. The sangria that was made in-house was also very good. When I make it back to NOLA I will be sure to stop by again. I haven't had service that great in a loooooong time, if ever.WOW!!! I've heard about this place but never thought to try Mexican so close to the city with so many Cajun cuisine options. This was by far the best Mexican food I've ever had. We had fajitas and I can't begin to describe how delicious they were. Even the mushrooms were incredible and I hate mushrooms!! The refried beans were like no other beans I've had before... SO TASTY!! Joseph was our server and he was so helpful and pleasant. He suggested the watermelon margarita and now I'm hooked. This is definitely going to be my "go to" Mexican from now on.High prices. Very bland food. I went once and won't be going again. If I pay $9.25 for table side guacamole it should be well seasoned.Over priced.  We were there Tue or Wed of last week. I had two plain fish tacos a la carte with bones. no garnish, everything was a la carte.   Chips and Salsa are standard here in Las Vegas  without having to pay extra for a second round.   I know, I know. We weren't  in Las Vegas, but we  get  spoiled here  in the Entertainment capital of the world.
Oye, Compadre.  No la jodas!This was by far the worst Mexican food I have ever eaten. The food was ridiculously expensive and the food quality was lacking to say the least. Also beware, I was charged for refills of salsa and chips without being notified until I received my bill. What a pleasant surprise :) . Needless to say, I won't be back.Queso was amazing. Service was awful. Party of 4 at the bar..one member of party was not serviced at all. When we proceeded to tell her the individual wanted a drink, bartender was rude as hell. Worst experience in the southI was so excited for the downtown location to open up, but was extremely disappointed when I tried it out. Service was unbelievably slow. I went on a Thursday night, there was about 15 to 20 people in the restaurant and I had to flag down the waiter to cancel an appetizer order after we had waited 35/40 minutes. The waiter rarely came by our table but visited the table next to us at least fifteen times while we were there. 
After waiting about an hour our food came out (enchilada trio and Cajun crawfish quesadilla) and the assumed manager did apologize for the terrible service but made an excuse about being slammed...15 to 20 people is not slammed. The food wasn't bad but not anything extraordinary. I wouldn't recommend until better management/staff is brought to this location.Service suuuuuucks....the worst. Dude took an hour to take our order and get us a second round of drinkGreat food, great bartender, Paul. We came here after a long day of wandering around and shopping. We had chicken quesadillas and a burrito.  Great food!  We also got a takeout order, and it was carefully packed for us.  We'll definitely come back next time we visit!Wow!  This restaurant has just moved into second place of my favorite Mexican restaurants (first place still has to be the one I've going to since I was a kid!)  
The first test was the salsa and chips.  Excellent salsa!  The chips were good but perhaps a bit too thin because we next ordered the guacamole made table side.  It was fantastic.  There was more than enough for two people and probably could have served three or four.
My husband ordered the Mixed Grill which came with skirt steak, chicken, shrimp, a lamb chop and a link of chorizo.  He loved every bit of it but said that the steak and lamb were probably his favorite (if pressed to choose).
For comparison sake, I ordered my usual of a tamale, a taco, beans and rice.  The tamale was very good.  It had a bit too much masa but it was tasty.  The waitress recommended the steak taco.  There was easily enough steak there for three tacos and the corn tortilla appeared to be home made.  All add-ons for the taco cost extra so choose wisely.  The rice was just okay and the beans were good and quite spicy (as far as refried beans go).
If you're in New Orleans and tired of cajun or just don't care for the fare (like me) - give this place a try.  I don't think you'll be sorry!Great experience! We walked in thinking this was the typical Mexican restaurant and it is not. This place was great! Joseph was our waiter and he was great! So friendly! Had great recommendations for drinks and food. Knows everything about tequila! Entire staff was friendly and warm. We will definitely go back!Amazing food!  Extensive gluten free menu and knowledgeable staff.  Table side guacamole service is fun and guac is the best I've had at a restaurant. Ordered the salmon with mango salsa, veggies, and corn tortillas.  The tortillas were so good, I think they were homemade!Very good, hearty Mexican food, with friendly and helpful staff 
My husband asked for the macho man combo : huge dish with 3 enchiladas, a tamales, a quesadilla, beans, rice, guacamole & sour cream and he was in heaven
I had the stuffed hass avocado with shrimps, mushrooms, pico de gallo & corn in a creamy sauce with Cotija cheese with drizzled chimichurri sauce....I also went to heaven..... if you like Mexican food this is a must in NOLAVisiting New Orleans for the first time, I had low expectations for vegetarian options. El Gato Negro popped up in our search due to their options for an entire Vegetarian (and gluten free) menu. I was pleasantly surprised by the options, including table side guacamole and AMAZING fresh-pressed corn tortillas. We opted for guacamole, a pineapple cilantro margarita, watermelon margarita, and vegan fajitas. Menu prices seemed a bit expensive for the atmosphere, but portion sizes are quite large. Both my boyfriend and I came starving and still left with to-go boxes full of food. Our waiter, Kevyn, gave us great options for premium margaritas and recommended the corn tortillas, both of which were well-above average. Service was fast and friendly, and I appreciate the range of fresh and vegan-friendly options.Food was delicious!! Like, totally superb. But the service was terrrrrrrrible. Came for dinner on a Friday night and I mean it was ridiculously slow and the place wasn't even full... several empty tables. For as expensive as the food is (and it's worth it) you just would think the efficiency would be a little more... existant. They seemed super short staffed but I will say our server was busting her butt and doing the best she could. I would come back and give them a 2nd chance.Food: 5 stars
Service: 1 star
Let me say that the food at El Gato Negro was delicious! We got the table side guacamole which is made with 2 whole avocados and was delicious. My sister got vegetarian fajitas and I got chicken quesadilla- her fajitas had a ton of nice veggies! Really good. 
The only downside was the service. We came in for lunch and the restaurant was 75% full. We were given chips and salsa by the hostess. Our server stopped by after 10 minutes saying he would be "right with us". The hostess noticed that we needed drinks so she got those for us as well. After an additional 15-20 minutes, our server finally took our order. He then made the table side guacamole after about 5 minutes which was fine. The hostess brought our entrees, checked on us, brought refills, bussed the table, and told the server to bring our check- she then ran our cards. If it weren't for the hostess, I'm not sure if our server would have ever taken care of us. I hope she gets tip out from the servers because she was the one keeping things on track as our server had no sense of urgency!!! From what I could see, he only had four 2-top tables which should be a breeze!
All in all, I would come back here if I were in NOLA because the food was great, and cross my fingers for a better server.Yellow fin ceviche: good, with very high quality fish, but way too much food given the appetizer status. Stuffed avocado: friend would have eaten two. The rest of the crew's food was pedestrian burrito and enchilada fare but they were not disappointed. Sangria: better than the "sangria" being served during happy hour at the Embassy Suites across the street.  Service: abominable. Seated in the bar, which was fine, except it rapidly filled and the solo bartender was too busy with the patrons in front of his face. Slow. Staggered delivery of meals. Had to ask for silverware. The icing on the cake was the woman passed out in the ladies room, taking up one stall and slopping into the remaining one. And it was only 8 pm. If service had been better, I'd up the rating. Overall, if for some bizarre reason one craves Mexican food in New Orleans, one could do far worse.This place was so good. Like really delicious. Had the poblano pepper for an appetizer and it was amazing! Service was also fantastic. Highly recommend it.We were so happy that this place was close to our hotel (Embassy Suites) when we visited. We walked over and were at first discouraged because it was a Mexican place, and we live in Houston, but we decided to try it anyway, and I'm so glad we did.
Our waiter, Phillip, was AMAZING. He is one of the best waiters I've ever come across, and El Gato Negro you are seriously lucky to have him on your staff. Service was definitely a 5.
We had the following dishes:
- Stuffed Avocado (5) - GET THIS DISH. I am not kidding when I say you should absolutely come to this restaurant if for no other reason than to try this dish. My boyfriend at first wasn't as interested, but once Phillip told us we had to get it, he gave in and was so thrilled he had. We are sad we won't be able to get this dish again here in Houston.
-Seared Salmon Los Cabos Salad (4) - The salmon was a 5 for sure. Phillip let us know it was sushi-grade and it sure tasted like it was. The salad itself was very good, but I think for the 5 they could go even one step further sprucing it up with a few more ingredients or chunks of avocado instead of slices. I'm picky with my salads, so when I say a 4, I definitely mean a 5 for most people.
-Chicken Enchiladas (3.5) - The issue with this is that my boyfriend asked Phillip and he said this particular dish is a standard enchilada dish, but it was what my boyfriend was craving. Sure enough, Phillip was right and the dish was solid but not especially notable.
Phillip went on to let us know that they take tremendous pride in their food. Their lamb is only a specific kind (I cannot remember all the details, but apparently the owner picked it out specifically) and all of the meats come from a specific vendor, because the owner is so particular about quality (which I LOVE). I would love to come back here and try one of the more specialty dishes, so if you're in New Orleans, please go ahead and do that for me!Shari V and I took my mother to El Gata Negro in the Warehouse District for some chips, dip, cheese and tacos.  We had an early dinner on Labor Day.  These weren't exactly their prime hours.  We were like 1 of  5 tables in the whole place.  But hey, the service was great.  We had a really pleasant waitress who hit all her cues and was very friendly.  Although El Gato wasn't busy, I could see how this restaurant would be good choice for a weekend night to grab chips and dip while having some cocktails.  They have a good space with a smattering of televisions, which are all tuned to sporting events.  I liked the setup.  
So the food.  Chips and dip were totally respectable.  I thought the salsa had a good flavor.  We supplemented with queso, which was excellent.  I'm not a big queso guy, but according to Shari V, this cheese was "quite bueno".  For the entree, we split the chicken and steak fajitas.  I thought they were decent.  As expected, the meats were served with all the fixin's.  Even though the fajitas were good, they didn't achieve that next level 4 star quality.  For starters, the meat was a bit underseasoned.  I tried dressing it up with some bell peppers and sauteed onions, but the lack of seasoning was kind of the theme for the entire fajita dish.  The flour tortillas were stale around the edges which I hate.  IMHO, decent flour tortillas are pretty easy to come by, and these didn't quite hit the decent mark.  
At any rate, El Gato Negro was a solid 3.  My fajitas were not a total hit, but there was plenty of potential.  I suspect we will repeat El Gato Negro.  The chips, salsa and queso were enough to bring me back in.  I saw they had some pulled pork tamales, which are on my radar.I would've given this a higher rating but the service could've been better. The food was great! I had the mole wet burrito, delicious. A friend of mine had the veggie burrito and was very satisfied with it. We also ordered the pineapple mango margarita and that was very tasty! We ordered the table side guacamole and lots of time went by so I decided to ask our server about it and she apologized and said she forgot and went to get the ingredients to make our guacamole. We all really enjoyed our dinner so much we decided to go back 2 days later. We basically ordered to same thing and again our server didn't bring our tableside guacamole. We decided not to say anything about it until we received our bill and noticed that they charged us for it. We kindly asked the server to remove it from our bill, she wasn't to friendly and the 2 times we went the restaurant wasn't that busy. We found it odd that both times we went they forgot our guacamole.These. Margaritas. Are. Amazing. I think they're basically magical. The fajitas are also amazing. This place can be a little pricey for what you get, but I think it's usually worth it.  They focus so much on their margarita mixes and it shows! Some of my favorite drinks in town.Good food. Simple but good. Ordered the beef chuck enchiladas- came with 3 enchiladas, beans, and rice. Enchiladas were really good but the beans and rice were just ok. Probably a little pricier than I am accustomed to- bill came to $25(Also got the pineapple margarita- it's a winner). Waitress suggested getting the spicy cilantro but it was a little too spicy for me. She made me another without cilantro and it was perfect.We ate here twice during our one week stay in New Orleans!  The food was incredibly fresh and flavorful. The house salsa is the perfect blend of spice and texture. The service was fantastic. Our first server was Moses and our second was Julie. Both were very attentive and kind. I highly recommend this restaurant!!Pros: Fantastic food, excellent service (waiter with bleached blond hair --we ask for him, should learn his name) and clean restaurant.
Cons: A bit expensive for Mexican, everything for the tacos is a la carte, and food takes a while to arrive.
Overall, absolutely delicious! We visit every time we stay in the Warehouse District.Clean dining room . Very knowledgeable wait staff. The dish I had was very unique and not like anything I've ever seen at the other Mexican restaurants I've been too. I was out of my comfort zone when it arrived, but I loved it and I'm very glad I tried it. We are going back here tomorrow before we head to the airport. If ever back in NOLA, I will definitely visit this restaurant again!We found this place through Yelp. The margaritas were absolutely wonderful, than the chips and salsa came, salsa was best I've ever had. Than our food, delicious. I would recommend if your interested in some good Mexican foodThe margaritas are great. They have the best tuna ceviche I've ever had. Went back twice in 1 week to have it! It's also nice to sit in their small courtyard if there's a table available.I'm traveling here from out of town. I wanted some good Mexican food. Thanks for yelp I found it! I had a hankering for mole enchiladas. They only had mole burritos on their menu, but they served me very tasty Mole sauce with my enchiladas. They were terrific. Great homemade guacamole, but my favorite part is the service. Very friendly, very attentive and accommodating.Cute little place to eat.  The margaritas are good. The food is good.  Expect to pay more than you're use to.  Prices are about $5 higher than other Mexican places. And the chips and salsa are NOT free .  I'll be back just because I like Mexican food and this was not bad.Food was fantastic.  Loved the stuffed avocado!! CONS: is they charge for EVERYTHING including butter, your second round of salsa, lettuce for your taco, they don't have fountain drinks (only bottled) and no sweet tea. Total rip off!!The shrimp taco was pretty good, but the chicken and pork tacos were dry - not good. My overall experience is tolerable but not exceptional.This is simply an AMAZING spot. Fabulous food and drinks. Prompt and friendly service (special kudos to Adrian).. We WILL be back.Best Steak Quesadilla I have ever had!!!  The steak was tender and perfectly marinated!!  It's a smaller portion size than what most restaurants serve though.  Beans and Rice were great too!!  However, the chips and salsa were a little disappointing.  The texture of the chips were odd and they had some type powdery substance on them.  The Staff was incredible!!!  Excellent service!!!  I'd go again!!This is the best Mexican food I have had in a long time! I got the shrimp tacos, along with some Mexican rice. It was absolutely delicious! The shrimp was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Service was also very prompt. I will definitely be visiting next time I am in NOLA!Come here for the cilantro pineapple margarita then continue on elsewhere. Pretty good drinks and friendly bar tenders. Can't comment on the food.Amazing Everything!!!! The food is extremely fresh and well seasoned. Atmosphere is great and the service we had was phenomenal!!! My husband and I came in last night (Monday) at about 8, it was relatively slow but we didn't mind at all, sat near the bar and the bartender took our orders. Let me just say JULIE is amazing!!! She was knowledgeable of everything on the menu (food & drinks) she is a true New Orleans original! She was genuinely nice and had great stories to tell before our food came out. Give this place a try and you won't be disappointed.Decent food, but IMO, expensive for tacos. I like to stick to the facts in my reviews so I'll just list some observations.
Tacos are $4-$6 for 1 plain taco. Lettuce is $0.50 extra. Everything else (like sour cream for $1) is also charged a la carte.I tried the special which was fish tacos. I ate one bite and couldn't finish the rest. The taste was offensive. It was as if the flavors didn't come together correctly. I figured my waitress would ask if there was anything wrong with the meal considering I did not eat any of it but she did not. I did however enjoy the house margarita.May the seasoning saints be with you
Had lunch there yesterday - Ugh.  GF had a chicken and I a skirt steak quesadilla.  Although the steak was pretty good there was no attempt to make any of the rest of the plate anything other than what came out of the box/can/jar.  Served with a glop of sour cream - no salsa.  And I could not detect anything other than steak and cheese on the quesadilla.  GF didn't even finish her's.  Plus, for Latin fare the prices were stupid high.This place was close by our hotel and we made a late night stop for drinks.  The Pineapple Cadillac while pricey was one of the best margaritas I've ever had.  We came back the next day for lunch and they delivered again.  Margaritas were just as good in the light of the day and the table side guacamole and premium fajitas with shrimp were perfection.   Who would have thought you'd find such great Mexican in NOLA?!  We will definitely return on our next trip.    Service was great too!Ok....So the trip to this place started pretty bad..I got there late and the dining was close...Almost walked out but a very nice server..Mr. Moses informed us they still serve at the bar full Menu so my hungry self was more than grateful....The chicken burrito that I ordered was delicious and the chips and salsa were also freshly made(trust me I am tell)...Drinks were absolutely delicious and might I just add very unique and original!!!I'm absolutely hooked to this place's beautiful interior(it's totally Instagram worthy),Amazing staff and delicious food..A must go for someone who wants to try some quality Mexican food....Julie makes the best Casamigos with fresh oranges margarita!! She made my birthday night with that 'rita!Great food and service!! I will return! Had a traditional margarita done by Josh at the bar. Then another with dinner - the combo plate. Oh, yum! It was hard to stop eating. I highly recommend - and I come from Southern CA!It's a fairly spacious restaurant, and especially roomy as it wasn't very packed when we visited. The host was quick to acknowledge us, and the friendly waiter was equally quick to take our orders. 
The food was a great positive - the avocado, the burrito, and seared salmon were all cooked well. Only thing to watch out for is the stuffed avocado, which tastes great as a whole dish, but when consumed in its parts, it can be a bit overly salty. 
Overall, I'm a fan!I got the queso covered burrito with ground chuck and it was the BEST burrito I have ever had.Watermelon marg super fresh and delicious. Carne asada tender and perfectly marinated. Service great.Always a favorite for us. The margaritas and the food are incredible! You definitely need to try!This restaurant is located in the warehouse district downtown. It was recommended to me by the hotel front desk and I am glad I had the chance to check it out. The restaurant offers 2 different hours of operation. They are open for lunch until 3 pm and then open again at 5pm. They offer happy hour and have a solid drink menu with beer and margaritas.
The menu also offers a lot of traditional Mexican dishes from classic tacos to burritos. 
They serve free chips and salsa but if you want more you have to pay. I believe the chips are made in house so they were fresh. 
I was in the mood for tacos so I ordered 2 soft tacos. When ordering I didn't pay close attention to the menu and need to point out that the tacos are à la carte and you pay extra for any additional toppings.
I ordered the black drum taco as it was the day's special and a chicken taco. The black drum taco was very delicious and well seasoned. I am gradually becoming a fish taco fan. The steak taco was good but a bit dry in my opinion.
The service was fast as far as getting the food out but it took the waitress close to 30 minutes to come back with my credit card. I can't say it was due to the them being busy as there were only about 6 customers including me in the restaurant.
My overall experience was positive.Excellent service and excellent food. We loved the steak and home made tortillas. Seth told us the meat came from Minnesota but we can't remember which place.  We want to order it from the same place.  Great place to eat!In a city of cajun, creole and the best seafood you could ask for, this is a hidden gem with very authentic Mexican food when you need a break.  I ordered the Pulled Pork taco and the Chorizo taco.  I was impressed that they have home made corn tortillas.  I believe they make their own Chorizo and it was great, although I felt like there should have been some Achiote seasoning and a little less of the All Spice seasoning.  It happens sometimes when you go home made and it didn't taste bad at all.  Just my own taste buds.
Original Margarita flavors and as most have mentioned, Cilantro Pineapple is one of the best.  I honestly have not tried the others, I like this one too much.
I wish there was Mole Enchiladas but there is only a Mole Burrito.  I think they might be kind enough to prepare it if asked but I didn't want to be high maintenance.  Salsa was amazing too!The food was decent. I only gave 2 stars because the service was slow. Our waitress forgot to bring stuff out. This is after having to wait for our drink order. I would give a pass if it was super busy but it wasn't.I stopped in here for lunch on a rainy afternoon to get away from a conference I was attending at the Hilton for a few minutes. My server Joseph was super friendly and helpful. He recommended the fresh watermelon margarita with their house brand tequila which was deliciously on point!
I wish I had believed the earlier Yelp reviewer about the taco sizes. I thought, how big can a taco really be? Really big, it turns out! The tortillas were home made and very thick, with generous carnitas on top. I ordered two but could only make it through one. Granted, the chips and salsa and queso (also great!) didn't help to leave much room. I usually eat two to three of the small street style tacos, so trust me when I say this is one big taco. The second taco did mage hear leftovers to come home to after the bar that night, at least!
Great service and delicious food, you can't go wrong here.I am at conference, and wanted something nearby for dinner. I had walked by El Gato Negro and their sign caught my eye, so I stopped in. I wasn't expecting much, but I like fajitas so I thought I'd give it a whirl. I'm glad I did.
I ordered the steak fajita, and when the server (who was great by the way. Friendly, attentive, and best of all, efficient!) asked me how I wanted my steak done I rolled my eyes inwardly. As though they were going to pay attention to that here. But they did! It came out perfectly done. And they have a few twists on normal fajitas, namely what they called Mexican squash (which seemed like zucchini to me) and mushrooms and even Brussels Sprouts thrown in with the standard onions and peppers. Weird, but I liked it!
I am always pleased when a restaurant surprises me. El Gato Negro did, and I am headed back there right now for another round of those fajitas!Read the great reviews and was excited to try the place. Ordered the chicken enchiladas. Our server was great. Very friendly and welcoming.  My food came 5 to 7 minutes after the others in my party. The food was room temperature at best. I choked down about half of it and couldn't take another bite. They asked how my meal was and I was honest in telling them it wasn't even warm. The server got the manager on her own accord. The manager came over, said sorry, whispered with the server and then had the server come back to drop off the bill. Paid the full bill and was really disappointed in how they handled the situation. I wasn't looking for a discount but was disappointed in how the manager didn't close the loop with me. Won't go here again. Ever!I went last night and had absolutely terrible service. We waited A FULL HOUR just to get water and then our drinks. We arrived right before a busy rush of people, but we were seated before all of them. They proceeded to ignore us and serve EVERY single other table. 40 minutes in, we finally flagged the server. She came over and just said "I'm really trying" and then walked away. No apology, no explanation. I understand they were short staffed, but this was literally the WORST service I've ever received. When she finally brought the drinks and we asked for water, she rolled her eyes and walked away. I had to get up and refill our chips myself, which thankfully they didn't notice. The table of five behind us sat down after us and was served their full meal and got their check before we got our food. AND THEY DIDNT GIVE US ANY DISCOUNT OR ANYTHING. UNACCEPTABLE!! I won't lie, the food was delicious, but that's not enough to save them from this deserving review.My first day in New Orleans... I know I should be getting Po Boys or something local but... I love Mexican food and it was close so I checked it out. Everything was delicious. I had the Vanilla Strawberry Marg and a Chicken and Shrimp burrito... Perfect. Very clean but small indoor dining area but the waiters are great and efficient. There is a back patio that I didn't see and some seating in the front on the sidewalk. Food was fast and hot and delicious. I will note that I have a slightly bland pallette... Keep that in mind but I would recommend.
P.S. I was slightly disappointed that there was no Mexican music but then I realized that they were playing strictly Funk. Lol. Yassss.Food was on par. Got the enchiladas and my wife got the pork burrito. Great spot to fix that craving for some Mexican. Wasn't super busy which was nice. Price was a little high but not too bad for a vacation pit stop.Does not get the fifth star because I wish the menu was bigger, They also need some more desserts and for crying out loud, PLEASE start serving COFFEE!!!
BUT, what they do they do VERY well.  The tacos are EXCELLENT and I should mention I travel to Mexico frequently since my HQ is in Mexico DF.  I KNOW real Mexican food and I KNOW what a taco should taste like and they are excellent here!!!  Their beans are very good and creamy, the way re-fried beans should be.  The table side Guacamole is good but maybe cut back on the tomatoes JUST a little.  The prices are a little higher than you'd expect but HEY you are in the Warehouse District.  How else do you pay for rent two blocks away from Emerill's restaurant!
Anyway if you want good Mexican food for relatively reasonable prices in this District I recommend El Gato Negro.
And to the owners, your flan is good but I NEED more desserts and coffee before I swing that last star at you!!!  lol
Thanks for a great taco!Well let's say this started off pretty bad. Party of 4 one small chips and salsa. The same amount they would give one person that comes in.  Extremely overpriced. Let's hope the food is better than the start. Stay tuned. 
Well my medium steak fajitas were well done. Second go around they were rare and had very bland. Zero flavor. Wife's salmon was just ok. Server never came back to the table. I needed another drink with no one to give it to me. When she finally did and when I started speaking to her she just walked away.  On top of extremely expensive Mexican food. They charged me more for my fajitas then what was listed on the menu. SMH. This place should be zero.
Nothing was added to the steak fajitas I ordered.  It was an order of steak fajitas. That's all.Surprisingly good Mexican food. Being from Southern California I get picky. Liked the real Mexican cheese. Margaritas were good too. They brought me the wrong one at first then gave me the correct margarita at no extra charge with a to-go cup because it is New Orleans. Definitely will go back next time I'm in town.Yummerrrrrrrs!  Finishing up the Julia Street Art Walk with a trip here was a wise choice.  The complimentary Chips & Salsa were good & not greasy.  Yay! The Carne Asada was divine.  Good times.Best damn margarita ever had!!!!!! Coming from chicagos own. GREAT customer service, great atmosphere. Did I mention the drinks??? Lol WILL BE BACK!!!!! Have jose cuervo that has been aged for 20 years . Im usually a don julio guy myself but this jose was oh soooooooooooo smooth. Just go you will not regret it!!!After a long day on the road, my friends and I were hungry, and we liked what we saw at first glance. However, the small bowl of salsa (no free refills) tasted like the base was canned tomato paste; the chips had been fried in stale oil. We all ordered quesadillas; the different kinds we ordered were fine, but the rice and beans served with were room temperature, at best. When mentioned, we were offered a free dessert to share, but at that point, we were ready to leave and find our hotel. We encountered our bad luck at El Gato Negro and left simply dissatisfied. The people were nice, though.Try the margaritas!! The food was great, def enjoyed it. Good atmosphere. Staff was friendly. Very clean. The location is very uniquely decorated but appealing. Look forward to returning or recommending it to others who visit New OrleansLiving in S. Texas most of my life, I am an admitted Mexican food snob.  As a result, my expectations are lowered when dining out of state.  But this place really disappointed me, and I've eaten here before.
It took a little too long for the server to take my drink order.  She returned to take my order, but I told her I was still checking the menu out.  Bad move.  My server stayed behind the bar way too long, talking to another patron, so I had to wait quite some time to place my order.  I finished a basket of salty chips and a bowl of too-salty salsa way before the meal arrived.
I ordered chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce and guacamole.  The meal came out before the guacamole.  Not good.  I almost told her to forget the guacamole at that point.  I finally did get another round of chips and salsa.  The whole dining experience then proceeded downhill from there.  The enchiladas arrived without tomatillo sauce, but it was served on the side in a small bowl.  It was cold tomatillo sauce.  Crap.  I had to peel quite a bit of cheese off the top of the enchiladas before dumping the cold sauce ove them.  Way too much cheese.  The first few bites were good, but then the enchiladas turned cheesy.  They were stuffed with cheese.  This is a chicken enchilada boo-boo.  The more I ate, the more the cheese oozed.  I disassembled them as best I could to try and remove some of the cheese.  The chicken was very tasty.  I had enough tomatillo sauce for only half of my enchiladas.  After that, they were very dry.  My server came and took the tomatillo sauce bowl; I thought she would bring a replacement.  It never happened.
The rice was terrible.  It was not correctly prepared.  Mexican rice must be fried before it is cooked.  This was not.  The beans were very flavorful and the consistency was perfect, but they were too salty.
The guacamole was great except for the jalapenos.  No heat at all, and they tasted like bell pepper.
I finally stopped eating the chips and salsa.  My lips were burning.  Their salsa has zero heat.  My lips were burning from excessive salt.  Salt on the chips and way too much in the salsa.
There was a small pile of pico de gallo, but it was also very salty and had no jalapenos or serrranos at all.  Pretty pitiful.
The server never returned to my table.  Throughout my meal, she continued her conversation with the guy at the bar.  I was upset.  And then, I waited forever for my check.  I eventually got up and headed to the bar to pay up.  More frustration: she charged me for the cold, inadequate portion of tomatillo sauce.
It sure is disappointing to have bad food and mediocre service in New Orleans.
My last trip there for sure.The owner makes his own tequila which is delicious! I had a margarita with fresh watermelon and this tequila, it was amazing! 
And the stuffed avocado was HUGE and delicious. Definitely meal size for one person. 
And the salsa is rich in tomatoes and garlic, again delicious!!Some of the best Mexican food I've ever eaten, and I'm from California! The salsa, burritos and margaritas were all to die for. Also wonderful customer service. Definitely recommend!Food was delicious. Drink was tasty. Bill was enormous. We were afforded the beauty of watching our guacamole being made. We ate freshly sliced cucumbers. We had diced jalapeños. A couple of tacos. A quesadilla. Steak. Etc. Service was good. There were 4 of us. They don't offer or do a military discount. We were there no longer than hour. It was a neat little hole-in-the-wall. Our bill came to ONLY $153.00. NO JOKE.Extremely overpriced.  Clearly a tourist trap. In general the food is ok, the restaurant is run down and dirty...but it is expensive.  Food was served lukewarm.  The staff is great.  But you can do much better.  Avoid.This a great place to eat. Service is excellent and food is consistent with greatness. Handmade margaritas are the best ever.Drinks were incredible, especially the mezcal-rita. We also had other very tasty margaritas (including a beet one). Tableside ceviche was fresh and avocado was super smooth. Kevyn, our waiter, was the highlight and made great suggestions without being intrusive. He was truly excited to recommend some a great mezcal.Taco Tuesday in New Orleans! They didn't really understand.. but it was great! They had a huge and very clear vegetarian menu. That was awesome! They had a huge gluten free menu! Huge drink list. 
Here's what may be a downer to some - only the first basket of chips and salsa is free- we're not in Ohio anymore---- BUT omg! Having to stop eating is a good thing!!! I had room for my actual food, I didn't feel the need to keep eating chips. I had enough.Not a great experience. Margarita was like a sugar bomb and the up-sell was in full effect. Also they didn't honor the Yelp special advertised as an $8.75 top shelf margarita. "We hadn't updated it yet, it's $9.75 now. Well you get the picture. Chips and salsa were decent "$1.75 for more salsa" whatever. Taco was nice, good corn tortilla and the fresh catch and crawfish were good and tasty. Only came with a tiny amount of grilled onions and everything else was an add-on for extra money. Again you get the picture. Really wanted this place to be better.The worst attitude I've seen on an employee in quite a while. We came 20 minutes before closing, saw that they were agitated about that, and said no problem, can we just get food to go? Begrudgingly: I guess. Then the girl stars sweeping all around the table we're waiting at. And leaning the broom on our table. The place was EMPTY! Leave us alone while we wait for food and don't make us feel like we're keeping you from whatever you gotta go do. You're still at work, and the restaurant is still open. Awful people, forgettable food.The chicken quesadilla was unbelievable. The service is unmatchable and I would definitely return the next time I visit NOLA! 
(Please bring the Lamb back to the French Quarter location!)Utter disappointment.  Went to this location after having been to the other near the French Market and it was just regrettably below average.  Waited too long to get our drinks (just tea), and my wife and I both ordered the Texano Burrito........which was a large burrito filled mostly with beans and almost NO MEAT!!  $16 for a bean burrito is just embarrassing.  
To top that off we got a "cheese quesadilla with chicken" for my son and they up charged it from $5.75 to $9.75 to throw a few morsels of chicken on what looked like a kids potion.  We could have paid a dollar more and gotten something twice as big.......but that information wasn't shared with us of course.  
Save your money and try elsewhere - maybe somewhere where there isn't a menu-wide shortage of meat!Went for dinner with family! Love the atmosphere waitress was great and on point. Loved the unique margaritas offered, chips and queso spot on and food was as well.. One thing to note, this is the south serve some ice cold, brewed sweet ice tea, Luzianne style :)Service was excellent! Shrimp taco's with corn tortilla were amazing as well as the table side ceviche and cucumbers - We made it back TWO times during a 7 day stay - Gluten Free and DELISH!!I recently visited El Gato Negro for a family lunch before we went off to watch the Sparta parade (Hail Sparta!). El Gato Negro is a short walk from the Hyatt on Convention. 
The staff was accommodating of our large group and consistently checked in on us, brought us chips and salsa, refilled our drinks, etc. The restaurant is pretty large with colorful decorations and a warm vibe.
As for food, some of my party members really enjoyed the beet and carrot margaritas. For my meal, I went with the tried and true chicken quesadillas. They came with rice, beans, pico, guacamole and sour cream. The flavor was solid and I ended up eating the whole thing. Some of the others in my party got the veggie fajitas which they really enjoyed and another got the burrito con mole, which also had good reviews.
There are gluten free and vegetarian options for those who have dietary needs. If you want a solid meal and a place to catch up with friends and family, check out El Gato Negro!Stopped in for a late lunch...they were busy. Food was good...got a cheese enchilada plate which was very filling...more than I could eat. Three cheese enchiladas nicely done with beans and rice.. Four stars instead of 5 due to fact you had to buy chips and salsa separately after the first small basket and not crazy about the rice. Overall would recommend (:Overpriced for a semi decent salad. Staff was fixing the fan while we were there and it was right in front of our table making a lot of noise. Wasn't the best serviceAwesome service, fabulous food, and the best Margaritas in New Orleans!!  A must try while in New Orleans!The margaritas are tasty and same with the queso, but beyond that everything was meh to subpar. My vegetarian boyfriend ordered the cheese enchiladas and they gave him ones with chicken. My veggie quesadilla was tiny and was hardly a quesadilla. Also our house salad was nothing besides a couple of of romaine lettuce leaves with some pico... 
Moral of the story is this was by far our most expensive meal for the least quality we've had in NOLA so far. There are better options hereI am only writing this so our server knows why she had such a horrible tip.  We went yesterday at lunch with nine people.  Place was deserted as always.  We were totally ignored.  Served played with receipts.  She stared at walls.  Put food say and say and say.  That was just as well. It was awful.   The food sat so long the 12 year olds at the table said, that's our food in the window, can we go get it?  OMG! I always tip 25 % or more.  This was terrible.  Every single item on the menu was up-charged.  The $4 taco was $5.75.  And so on and so on.  Food was terrible. Lack of service was disappointing.  Don't go!! Run!!! We live on Julia.  Won't be back. Amazed that the server was that clueless.  I'm sure I'll get no reply. They don't care.  Just bad!!!This is my 3rd visit to El Gato Negro. I enjoy it each time. The Pineapple Cilantro Margarita is delish! This time my friends and I ordered the a la cart skirt steak tacos. So tasty! The only thing I'd change is the chips. They seemed a little stale but still better than I've had other places.Was not sure what to expect at a Mexican restaurant in NOLA, but the food was quite tasty, the service great and the atmosphere fun. Great for families. Used the Yelp Check-in for the discounted Top Shell Margarita - just tell your server up-front to make it easy.Been eating there since the first one opened in the quarter. Always good. 
Salmon salad tonight. Big portion of fish was cooked perfectly, but the dressing was the star of the show. The house vinaigrette was so good, with a hint of sweet and a kick of heat. How good? I had it on my salad, one dinner companion put it on his steak tacos and another on the pulled pork quesadilla. It was that good. 
Chips were super fresh as was the salsa. Will continue visiting every week or so.Very tasty food. Came here with a group and they do not do separate checks and only accept two cards as payment which ended up making it more complicated than it needed to be. 
The menu has a good variety both in food and beverages. The food came quickly after we ordered and was all prepared as requested.Wow that was some flavorful Mexican! The vegetables quesadillas were AMAZING. chicken fajitas were also really good. Table side guacamole was alright. Very friendly staff. I would definitely recommend this placeThe Pineapple Cilantro Margarita is an amazing, unique libation that is both refreshing and knock you on your ass intoxicating (as you don't notice the alcohol). Plus, they have delicious guacamole made AT YOUR TABLE. TO YOUR SPECIFICATIONS. Yes, its pricey, but worth it for a quick nosh.Only stopped in here to try the margaritas, but I would give this place 5 stars just for those! We ordered two to go, and sip while we were walking around the French Market, one of the pineapple cilantro, and one of the traditional lime. The girl taking our order recommended the top shelf liquor, but we took a pass and just got the regular. They were a little pricy, but they were really good, and it was nice that we could take them to go :) The server even said she poured in a little of the top shelf liquor because it was New Year's Eve! Wish we had time to stop in here and try the food, but I'm glad we tried the margaritas at least. If you're a margarita fan, this place is definitely for you!Got the stuffed avocado  appetizer and the combo plate.  The chips were fresh, and the corn tortilla was homemade (&hand rolled). The food tasted really authentic, the pork had a serious smoked flavor to it.  Lime & cheese dotted the food landscape.  Everything that they serve has a seafood, fish, shrimp, or lobster option that can be added to it.  The lobster claw tacos/burritos are made with actual claw meat.  It's not fused chunks or anything- the real deal, a solid piece of lobster claw right out if the shell.Well, I'm friends with the owner. My parent's helped him find this location and boy, I am so glad it's right around the corner from my shop! I'm not saying this because he's my friend, but seriously, this place has the best QUALITY food. The owner goes way out of his way to make sure that the quality of the food is impeccable. The staff is a lot of fun and very friendly. It is a small joint so space has been a bit of an issue for him - but I kinda like that about this place. It's more personal and you get a lot of attention. There are tables outside, so if the weather is nice, I like to sit out there. It isn't a high traffic area either so you don't have to worry about people walking around you too much. 
Also, this place has been voted several times by the GAMBIT weekly to have the BEST margaritas in New Orleans... they sneak up on you, they are so good! If you don't come for the food, at least stop by and pick up a Margarita. While you're at it, pick one up for me too and stop by Sterling Silvia :)I have not had dinner or lunch here, but breakfast on two occasions, one being last Sunday morning.  It was terrific.  We had a table of 6 persons, all of whom at the time hopeful for the Saints home opener and having had perhaps too much fun the night before in the Quarter.  We had chips and salsa, terrific bloody mary's, a "pineapple and cilantro" margarita (wonderful, you have to try it...), and great Mexican food.  I had gggs with choriso, nicely done beans. Items companions had were thoroughly enjoyed as well.  Fresh soft corn tortillas, lightly grilled flour tortillas.  We all enjoyed it and went happily to the football game.  Oops...should have stopped with the great Mexican breakfast! :)  Oh well... Anyway, if you like Mexican and are hungry in the French Quarter, even for breakfast, try this spot!Great food. Came with a big party and they handled us well. Came with a vegan friend and her meal was one of the best.Good spot for Mexican when you've had enough Cajun or Creole to hold you for awhile. Food was fresh and prepared well.  Drinks were good, although waitress tried to upsell us on premium tequila in the margaritas, an expense usually unwarranted given the dominance of the mixer. Service was a little poky, perhaps due to our relatively late visit, but began to border on annoying.Came here with my mom for lunch and we split the pineapple cilantro marg, stuffed avocado, and red snapper fajitas. The wait staff was friendly and helpful. Our waitress recommended the stuffed avocado and I'm so glad we got it! Not what we expected, but I'm definitely going to want one all to myself when I go there again!Great gluten free menu.  Lots of choices. Great people and food.FANTASTIC margaritas!  I am picky with margaritas, so this is quite a feat.  Everything is fresh squeezed with a healthy dose of tequila.  
Seriously, this is one of the best margaritas I've had in a restaurant and the closest to what I make at home.
I had the shrimp fajitas and my partner had the made-from-scratch chicken enchiladas.  Both were excellent.  Everything appeared to be house made, including the tortillas.  The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked and came with a good mix of veggies: white onions, green onions, garlic, bell peppers, serrano peppers, and mushrooms.  The seasoning was great.
Why four stars instead of five?  The service. After being seated, it took over twenty minutes to get our margaritas and maybe forty-five to get our food.
In general, if a restaurant is abnormally busy, I don't mind this.  However, you can't tell me this was abnormal for El Gato Negro.  They're in the middle of the French Market--  they must be busy every night.  They had tons of servers and staff working and by now they should run like a well-oiled machine.  
Every table around us (even those with different servers) were also unhappy with the service. Maybe they were short staff in the kitchen?
This is not enough to deter me from going back.  The food itself was great.Huge disappointment! Stopped in for a top shelf margaretta with grand marinea. Paid 15.00 for a weak drink and couldn't even taste the GM. Asked for no salt. Got served salt in a plastic glass without a lime. Questioned the server as to why it wasn't served in a nice glass and his reply was to save on washing dishes! Noticed some people our waiter kept chatting with in Spanish had nice glasses with lime and orange slices. Pointed all this out to him and his poor service. He never refilled our glasses. Seemed to busy conversing with people who appeared to be locals. The place wasn't crowed or busy. Will not eat or drink there ever again.The food here was great.  It was a little different than most mexican restaurants that I eat at.  The refried beans were a little spicy compared to most places.  It is very small, though.  Thankfully we didn't have to wait, but I could see that being a problem.  I would definitely eat here again whenever I'm in the French Quarter.Gotta join in with the yelping majority and proclaim this place darn good. 
After having had fantastic margaritas here, my friend and I returned for a "light" meal on a Friday night. First, we walked right in and got a table. Nice! Yes, the seating is packed pretty close together, but it's a small restaurant. We get that they want to serve as many people as they can at a time. Service was fast and friendly. 
She started with a pineapple-cilantro margarita; I went traditional (fresh and orange-y tasting). Both were delish. Mine was packed with fresh ingredients and went down all too easy. I was impressed that hers was flavorful and well blended without being to sweet or harsh on the cilantro. We next ordered nachos. She got a chicken taco and I got a fish one, too. 
We were really surprised by the nachos. When they came out they looked small, but the handmade chips were topped with chicken, chorizo, beans and cheese and served with sides of delicious salsa, guac and sour cream. Yum. The chorizo was perfect: not greasy, just full of flavor. 
Our tacos were also delish. Stuffed full of fresh ingredients and served on homemade corn tortillas. Surprisingly, I found the chicken to be a bit more flavorful than the fish, but both were good. So, our "light meal" turned into a pig-out fest. We both left sooo full, but quite happy.
And, because the margaritas were soooo tasty, we each got one more. Carrot-lime for her and regular lime for me. My lime tasted like the traditional margarita you find at most restaurants, but we both loved the fresh hint of carrot in hers. We liked it so much in fact, that we went back the next day and got two more in takeout cups to sip while we wandered the French Market. 
This place is definitely on my must-hit list for future trips to the Big Easy.Stuffed poblano pepper topped with pulled pork among the best meals I've enjoyed in the French Quarter. I live here so have am familiar with most restaurants. El Gato Negro is a rare find in the sea of mediocre places in the tourist district alongside the French Market.This place saved our gluten free butts in New Orleans.  We went a few times during vacation and we'll go back again when we're back in town.  Great selection, awesome salsa, delicious table side guacamole, and pineapple cilantro margaritas to die for.  The sampler platter and the filet tacos are amazing!!!I ordered a fish burrito. The service was excellent, but I was not as pleased with my food. My fish burrito had fish, rice, and beans that were overly fried. There was so much grease in the burrito that the burrito was dripping with it at both ends. Even the tortilla itself was a little transparent. Based on this item alone, I will not be coming back any time soon.The food was good but there was a charge for everything. There's a charge for more chips, for lettuce, etc. and the drinks were good but expensive for the atmosphere and restaurant quality.More like 4.5 stars!! Visiting from Florida, and looking for some authentic Mexican food in NOLA.  Let me tell you, I was not disappointed!!! This place is so good. The food is seasoned to perfection, and tastes excellent. Our server was great, and very attentive. Prices were affordable. The only critique I have is the fact that the restaurant is really small, and probably not ideal for larger parties. I definitely will return on my next trip to NOLA.Awesome place! if you you are not planning to try baked avocados, know that you are missing out! 
I liked El Gato Negro a lot - may be that is an eternal love for Mexican food... I have to admit that I've been to hundreds of Mexican restaurants, and this one stands out to me. Next time I am in New Orleans, I definitely will pay a visit to this fun place.Very small and crowded, be prepared to wait. BUT, once you're seated, the food is great! The chorizo sauce that's on their burritos, is the best thing ever. The major downside is that it's hot...I'm not sure if there's no AC or it just doesn't work well, but it's like an inferno in there. I only ate a third of my dinner when the heat started getting to me and I started feeling ill. On super hot days, get your food to go.Probably the best Mexican food in the city.  I found it to be as close to authentic Mexican as it gets, and they make the best margaritas!  Was there for lunch recently and the owner was sitting next to us trying out new dishes with the chef, which he let us try....and they were all DELICIOUS!
The fajitas are amazing (at least the beef ones which is what I always get).  The dish is enough to share with another person and have leftovers.  Unlike other restaurants in the city that also do fajitas, El Gato Negro gives you a TON of sauteed veggies which is a big plus for me.  In addition to the traditional onions and peppers, you also get mushrooms (omg sooo good), green onions, and multi-colored bell peppers.  
The guacamole is made table side with perfectly ripe avocados and pico, also sooo good.   My only complaint is that it really is pricey for Mexican and I attribute that to the quality of ingredients and also the location, which is sort of tourist trap-y....but you absolutely get what you pay for.Holy crap this place is amazing!
Best guacamole I've ever had - they make it at your table. It's ten dollars, but worth every cent-- get it! 
Their margaritas are incredible. They have different flavors,such as orange, strawberry, pineapple, etc.-- definintely get one!
We split the fajitas-- not kidding, some of the best I've ever had. 
I absolutely LOVE Mexican food, and Nola is really hurting in this area, but this place makes up for every other bad place! 
We will definitely return!!Gluten free! Great flavors and most everything is gluten free. Rice could stand to be a little moist. It was pretty dry. Service is great. In the French Quarter. Highly recommend!I love Mexican food. And this place was stumbled upon while doing some afternoon shopping. We went in and we're not disappointed. The food was phenomenal and the service was stellar. I got the catch of the day taco and steak with a side of rice and beans and it was he perfect amount of food. I also had the spicy margarita. It was my favorite drink in NOLA. Our waitress Maria was wonderful. The plus side is we it free chips and salsa. I think that's a must at a Mexican place. This was great. I highly recommend. I was there on New Year's Eve.I was really looking forward to this place since I have been on a quest for authentic Mexican food.
We each got a different type of taco which was pretty good. 
Rule of thumb Mexican restaurants...beans rice salsa are supposed to be Free!!!  The tacos came out with nothing but tortilla and meat. Had to pay extra for pico, cheese, etc. Ugh get it together... 
Great margaritas though :)
I'll keep looking...Don't get me wrong, the margaritas are amazing, but me and my two friends all just got sick after eating there. So beware.My husband saw queso fondito on the menu as we were walking by so we went right inside. It's one of his favorite dishes- especially at one of our local restaurants. We sat down and were immediately greeted by a nice waiter whose name is escaping me right now. The chips and salsa were pretty good. We ordered some guacamole which was made table side and a mixed grill and a skirt steak quesadilla. I really liked my mixed grill- great flavor especially the skirt steak. My husband's steak was a little over cooked/ dry for his liking. Overall things were A OK.Not the best Mexican food I have ever had but it really hit the spot. The service was fast and friendly. The restaurant was nice and toasty which I appreciated because it was really chilly out. And through yelp I got a discount for a margarita. I had the El Trio enchiladas and it was a little cheesy but otherwise good.Coming from California I've had my share of Mexican food and this might have been the best I've ever had!  Raspberry margaritas were awesome, chicken burrito was extremely flavorful, fresh guacamole being made in front of you was great, and the chips / salsa were super tasty!  Wish I would have tried this before my last day in Nola... would have eaten here multiple times!It's been ages since I've been here and it's changed.  It's still just another Mexican place to me but now it's more expensive.  I ordered a lobster taco.  It had 4 small chunks of lobster and a whole lotta shell.  Unlike the pork taco my companion ordered which was overflowing with pork.  Also, I ordered a side of sliced avocado.  It was covered in their "Mexican" seasonings which I've come to the conclusion is a Latin version of Tony Chachere's.  Not a big fan.  The thing that really gets me is they upcharge on everything.  Yes, even lettuce and tomatoes!!  My $7.75 taco went up to $10.00.  Mind you with its small 4 chunks of lobster.  Come on.  My companion said they could have cooked this meal at home for us.  I totally agree.  I ordered the sangria.  It was all fruit.  Barely any wine.  Again, it's how they save money.  It looked pretty. 
The dining area is way too cramped. Other patrons would have to squeeze by me.  There was no way around them bumping either me or my chair.  It had been raining.  So if I got bumped I also got wet. 
Service was the best part about the experience.  I gave it an extra star for that.  I will say this, it's MUCH better than Felipe's.Good quality, well-mde with fresh ingredients.  Does not use the typical sugary sauces many Mexican restaurants prefer.  Superb and creative margaritas.  Quiet and cool atmosphere just off the French Market.  This place takes some effort to find, but it is worth it.  One of my favorite casual places in the French Quarter.  Quick seating and attentive, knowledgeable service.  This place feels like an oasis and refuge from the heat and the inebriated crowds.  Food is lighter than most French Quarter fare.Convenient location, close to the street car and many shops and bars. The food was good, fairly standard Mexican food but certainly tasty. Nice decor and casual atmosphere!Sorry but the Lakeview location REALLY out shined this one for me.  I have been to both locations and the service and quality of food, to me, are better found in Lakeview.   The chips did not taste fresh at all, even a bit on the stale side, the salsa was a bland very watery version of what you would get at the other location.  The margies were still good.   The portion sizes were considerably smaller here and the beans had way to much salt for my liking.  
The staff also seemed to be fitting a much more "quarter" mentality of you will get it when you get it, and treating people like annoying tourists.  I think the 4 star reviews are mainly just for the people who come to partake in the drinks which are good.  However, we didn't come here to get drunk, we came to have a nice meal.
After frequenting the other location it was really a let down of overall quality in comparison.   It's really a shame because I had really high expectations coming from the other location and now I see why the reviews for this one are very hit and miss.  If you like this locations offerings, you will LOVE their Lakeview location!Great food! Everything was prepared from scratch! Fabulous margaritas and guacamole! Great service as well!Meh. That's all I can really think of when trying to describe my food. The chicken burrito along with the beans, rice and tamales were pretty bland, even by New Orleans Mexican food standards. My guy ordered the filet mignon tacos, which sounded good. One question though, if you're going to char the crap out of the meat is there really any purpose of serving filet? I mean, I am a big carnivore and I would like it to taste the meat I'm eating. 
 Now the drinks are very very good, maybe a bit pricey for a standard margarita but get a top shelf one and it is guaranteed to put you in a happy place. If somebody you know insists on going here just get a few shots of tequila (which they do have some nice brands), guacamole and house salsa. The guac and salsa are good and with the tequila you won't care anyways.El Gato Negro
Since others are complaining because this is not CA, I feel compelled to give my creds.  I lived for years less than 2 miles from the Mexican Border.  My grannie was Fernandez & my wife is Rodriguez.  I have travelled all over Mexico for over 50 years.  My father-in-law was a "Mojado" from Tampico.
EGN is real Mexican fare, not CA or TexMex.  Juanito, the owner, is a real Mexican.  The shrimp coctail or ceviche or whatever it is called this week, is pure Vera Cruz !  The tacos are Gulf Coast / Yucatan style.
It can get very crowded.  Restroom floors may be slippery.  Parking is zero.
But, the food and drinks are GREAT ! I say so !
If you want more authentic, you have to go to Tamaulipas
RickThis restaurant is so delicious!!! My first experience with this restaurant was at the French Quarter location. They had great service and the food was to die for. The table side guacamole was so fresh and good. I ordered quesadillas with pulled pork and they melted in my mouth. I then tried the location on Harrison street, and it was equally as good. Never had any problems with this chain. Absolutely love the food and environment!!!!We came across this restaurant tonight when we were looking for a restaurant with vegan options. Literally the BEST Mexican food I've ever eaten! I had the gulf shrimp burrito and it was delicious. Excellent service by all the staff. The owner came to our table a few times to chat and see how we were enjoying our food. I highly recommend this place!! Raspberry margarita -This place was amazing! The food was served very fast and the pork tacos were great.  They make their own tortillas which really kicks up the taco and the guacamole was made from 2 avocados so it was a very generous portion.  I ordered the pineapple cilantro margarita and when I made an off hand comment that I couldn't taste the cilantro but that it was still good, the waiter made me a whole new cocktail without me even asking. Definitely the most attentive waiter I have had in years.
If you get a cocktail get the apocalypto rum.  Super smooth- I bought a bottle from a liquor store immediately after because it was that good.Lobster tacos!  Table service guac!  Good margaritas that could be stronger.  Nice small courtyard.YUM YUM YUM. Stopped in here about a half an hour before El Gato Negro closed.. I was a bit nervous as I saw some cockroaches running around outside and usually with it being close to closing time, you get the older food. BUT, this place offered scrumptious margaritas and the most delicious spanish food I have ever had. I also really enjoyed reading the family history and how the business got started. It is a REALLY AWESOME read, and I recommend that if you don't stop in to eat, at least read the history and said friends to grab some good grub here.While in New Orleans, I was in search for some home-style Mexican food and came across "El Gato Negro" in the French Market Place.  Being from California where there is an abundance of great Mexican restaurants,  I was a bit skeptical and expected to have a dull, bland meal.   Pleasantly surprised,  El Gato Negro proved me wrong!   The sizzling grilled skirt steak fajitas were tender and flavorful! And so delicious!   And no better drink to wash down this meal with a refreshing pineapple cilantro margarita!   So yummy that I had to take one to go!  Gotta LOVE NOLA for allowing me to parade down the French Quarter with a drink in hand!!!!!  During the end of my trip, I decided to go back and do take out but unfortunately they don't offer take out for food but no problem "taking out" a margarita!!!!   Gotta love this place- no other place in the world like New Orleans- NO to take out food but YES to take out liquor!This is for sure one of my favorite stops in the quarter. as a vegan, they have great options, fresh food, and the BEST part.. they make fresh juice margaritas using agave and El Jimador as their house tequila.Pretty pricey but shrimp taco was good but for almost $6 a taco I wish I got more then onions and tomatoes a little sauce or lettuce would have been nice but it was decentMargaritas!! My husband and I always stop in on out French Quarter outings. Love the fajitas!!I HATE cilantro! I think it taste like bugs. My grandma hates cilantro too. I love Mexican food though. How does one cope...when cilantro is a main part of every  dish?!? I will tell you! You suck it up and bite every burrito with anger, until you fall in love with cilantro. That's right you're gonna fall in love with cilantro. Here's the first step! Order the cilantro pineapple margarita! Pay the price; it is worth it! Stare at the decor and sip on that drink. Look at the Jesus picture on the wall for strength if you must!  Then guzzle that drink and taste your new found love for cilantro.  Welcome home friend you now can join the cilantro love club. 
Do it! This drink changed my life. Forgive me cilantro you are a beautiful herb. 
Also order the stuffed pepper and prepared to be stuffed with cheesy goodness. Ugh if I could give birth to one food item it would be that pepper. So good. Yum yum yum!The pulled pork burrito is delicious and huge.  Your first serving of chips and salsa is free; you have to pay for extra.  The pineapple cilantro margarita is yummy, but it comes with too much ice.
The atmosphere could use some improvement.  It's small, sweaty, and crowded.  If you aren't a big fan of personal space, this is the place for you.Food was "ok", didn't expect too much for Mexican cuisine in Nola given I'm from California, so it "met" expectations. Chips tasted a bit stale. The guacamole was definitely my favorite part and was quite tasty, if only the chips had been better. Service definitely could have been more attentive. Lots of staff but no-one ever refilled chips or salsa, and they took forever to take our food order even though there were only two other tables. 
The worst thing was I had booked online on open table- direct through the restaurants own website. Their website does not specify for you to choose a location. I went to the one on French Market plaza not knowing they have another location about a mile away. When we arrived (5 people and my dads 60th birthday) I told them I had a reservation and they did not question me or tell me I did not have one. About 10-15 mins later I got a call asking where I was and I told them "uh, I'm here already sitting at the table?" and he said oh you must be at our other location that does *not* take reservations. I said ok sorry, I didn't know there was more than one. He was like no problem. Then I get home to an email from open table chapping me for my "no-show." I've never no showed for a reservation and they shouldn't mark me as a no show if their website doesn't allow you to select a location and if they have several within a walking radius- this must happen all the time. When I checked in they should have also mentioned that I must be at the wrong location if they don't take reservations there. Another disappointment was even though we mentioned it was my dads 60th there was no recognition or anything special. Again, not like I expected anything but a 60th is a pretty big deal. The last straw was that I had broken my leg and was in a wheel chair, obviously struggling with it. A staff member who appeared to be a manager or one of the servers was right by the door when we left and didn't even try to help us hold the door open for me to leave. Overall everything in its entirety added up to a less than enjoyable experience for food and service that wasn't comparable to the price charged.My wife and I split the Stuffed Avocado appetizer (comes w/ shrimp, onion, tomato, mushroom, cilantro in a chimchurri sauce) and it was quite tasty! The avocado was very fresh and the shrimp was perfect, this dish comes highly recommended on the menu.
We also had the aged skirt steak burrito which comes w/ rice and pinto beans inside, sour cream and guacamole on the side, topped with a chorizo salsa. It was very good, probably some of the best skirt steak in NOLA! 
My only reserve about this place is they seem to charge you for just about everything! I would have ordered some tacos but EACH topping (lettuce, cheese, tomato, salsas, etc.) costs anywhere from $0.50-$1.75 extra! So on top of the taco meat by itself (which ranges from $3.75-$7.75) you could end up paying over $10 for just one taco! 
Oh and savor the first round of chips & salsa (it's on them!) If you want a second round it's gna be $3.75.This is the place for seasonal fresh margaritas, mojitos and Mexican beers!!  I used the Yelp coupon for my margarita to go!! 
Tables side guacamole is so delicious, it is finger licking good!!  Love the grilled shrimp taco, one is filling (after the guacamole).During my visit to New Orleans, I ate here twice. The food is absolutely great. The service is one of the better experiences that I've had while in NOLA. (Although, not the quickest) To make up for less than desirable service, they give you a rather large drink. [Which is a good thing]
The food is great, and they don't give off the vibe that they get annoyed about dinners consuming mostly chips with their meal. [The first thing of chips is free, then its $2 afterwards]. The salsa and guacamole is spot on and adds to the dish or chips. 
The tortilla used on the burrito is also amazing. I can't complain, and I would love to see this place in Charlotte someday. 
The only thing potently concerning about this place is that it looks like its in a very touristy market area. But, it doesn't cater to tourists. It caters to people that are hungry and that like to eat tasty food.Seriously not that great!!
I ordered the steak burrito, & my wife got the combo plate, we both felt we were missing something when our plates arrived.
Her quesadillas were flat, with barely anything in them. She did however enjoy her chicken/cheese enchiladas.
My burrito was however horrible. I've seen more steak in a taco-bell burrito. I feel ripped off. The burrito was mostly filled w/ beans & rice, I'm seriously not happy. 
Makes me appreciate the Mexican restaurants back home more.
Well at least the margaritas were good.This place is awesome. The manager Jorge always makes sure that we are well taken care of.The food and atmosphere was terrific. I can see it could get a bit too close for comfort if they were packed, but We happened upon the place (after reading several reviews) on a Monday night. The food was tasty and satisfying. The pineapple and cilantro marg was absolutely to die for! Be sure to check this place out next time you are hankering for Mexican in the big easy!We stopped in for a Margarita-to-go to kickstart our day in the French Quarter. No matter the location, El Gato Negro makes the best Margaritas, hands down. They offer traditional ritas as well as some of the most creative ones you'll come across. I'm a fan of the Blood of the Devil, but the Pinapple Cilantro is also a great choice. To top it off, the staff was friendly and helpful. If you check in on Yelp, they'll also give you an upgrade on the Tequila. I would highly recommend this French Quarter gem.
Upon return for a meal, the cuisine did not disappoint. I ordered the dinner sampler to get a taste of it all. Everything was deliciously Mexican. My recommendation still stands!Tonight was the worst experience I have ever had at a restuarant in New Orleans actually anywhere. Our party if six was seated immediately. 25 minutes later a server appearred to take our drink order.  10 minutes later drinks arrived. Server took our dinner order. Everyone ordered tacos. Simple enough. Our food arrived 45 minutes later.  For 45 munutes we never saw our server. We never had our waters refilled or bar drinks. When our food arrived we asked our server to bring our sides and to please not leave and serve another table. We had somewhere to be in 10 minutes and we had been there almost 1 1/2 hours without real service. She brought to go boxes and badgered our table with comments that she was in a hurry for us to leave. She then addressed my daughters and said something ugly about us. I asked her manager to come over. He offered Flan. She then came back and again verbally assaulted our table. Sadly this was one of our favorite Mexican places in New Orleans but because of poor management and disrespectful staff we will no longer be able to reccomend them to friends. A real shame. One star is too high today.Stumbled upon this place while visiting from Texas. This is not Tex-Mex like I'm used to but this place was awesome. Chips and salsa were amazing. The waitress was extremely helpful helping us find vegetarian dishes. I went with the veggie quesadilla thinking it would have the typical tomato, onion, bell peppers, etc. inside but it had stuff like squash, mushrooms, and carrots. Sounds weird, looked kinda weird, but the first bite had me sold. I HATE mushrooms but didn't mind theirs at all. I was eating just the veggies out of the cheese and tortilla they were so good. They also have the open kitchen so you know your food is fresh. This place was a gem to find.My boyfriend walked in about 3:50 pm with no other tables in the restaurant which was perfect because we just wanted to eat and go- so no tables must mean food will come out quickly yes? Our first server was sure to mention immediately that it was almost shift change and that someone else would be taking over soon. Ok then. We order the fajitas within 5 minutes of sitting. First I didn't really notice BC we were talking but then I looked over to the kitchen and realized no one was cooking our stuff. I understand that it was shift change- but COME ON, GET IT TOGETHER STAFF, YOU STILL HAVE CUSTOMERS. The most awkward thing in the world as a server is to look at your table who is looking around wondering, "where the f*** is our food we are the only people in here?!" Its hard to not get mad at the server bc you want to ask them "why arent you making sure our food is being cooked?! Or did the 'first' server forget to put in our order bc he was too busy trying to get out of there?" Well we ended up getting it.. Almost 25 minutes and several apologies later- they probably heard me rambling about the wait. The chicken was very tasty, it was perfectly juicy and had a great seasoning on it and the mixed veggies were great too. The second server continued to apologize and even brought us a complimentary dessert which was a nice and redeeming gesture. So I'm giving 3 stars BC the food was good and the service was ok. But really, it shouldn't matter if  its break time or shift change, your grill is visible to customers and when its obvious no one is making their food well now,  that can get pretty sticky.  I also just had this thought... I wonder how many complimentary desserts are given out around 4  pm for this same reason?YUM!!!  This place was the perfect meal.  Located right across from the market, with most of the seating indoors, although it does include 2 outdoor tables.  We sat down and quickly received our drinks which was the perfect way to start off lunch.  I ordered the pineapple cilantro margarita, although there was a bit too much cilantro to sift through.  
Our lunches were delish!  My husband and I shared the chicken enchiladas (my favorite - served with real hunks of chicken instead of shredded meat like back home) and the tamales (a bit too dry for our liking).  The dishes are served with a side of chunky mango salsa (yum!).  We would definitely come back again!Whenever I'm craving a great Mexican meal while in the Quater El Gato Negro is where I head.  This is a great place for a couple to dine in.  It's small and cramped, but the quality they provide is spot on.DELICIOUS DELICIOUS Cilantro/pineapple margarita!!!  Just what I have been looking for and the Shrimp Fajitas were excellent.  The wait staff well, she was quite snippy but who cares with a drink that good!Yeah, I know, a Mexican place in the French Quarter??? We were apprehensive but decided to give it a try. We were pleasantly surprised.
The food is fresh and isn't cooked until you place your order. Portions are very large. The wait staff were very friendly and helpful.
They have a very large tequila and beer selection.
We ordered a tamale plate and the chicken breast enchilada plate. Both dishes were great!!Walked into the restaurant after a nice walk around Jackson square and needed my Mex    Craving for cocktail and salsa & chip fix. And Boy did they deliver! After using the check in upgrade to their top-self margarita, which they allowed my wife to get also( Supercool) and double rounds of chips, We where pretty full. So we decided to share a plate order. Food was good but alittle salty for our taste thus the 4 stars.. Besides that get your fix!Overpriced and shady billing practice for subpar food.
This Mexican restaurant charges for each serving of chips and salsa. Their menu items are priced twice as much as they should be and come in small, stingy portions. The special margarita was 12 dollars for a small 8 oz drink full of ice. Soggy tortillas. Minimal meat and other ingredients in their food. This place is like that Subway that puts 4 olives on your foot long sandwich. They also mandate one check, one credit card per table. Way to stretch out that ATM revenue! 5$ for an ATM draw, in-house. Very shady business that doesn't make their money from good food! Sad!The margaritas were tasty....but that's where the fun ends!  My sister recommended this place and since she's usually right on...my boyfriend and I tried it out one Sunday afternoon.
Maybe I'm just a Mexican cusine snob after having lived in California for 9 years but I was not happy with this experience.  And truth be told...I can't be too much of a snob because I happily ate at fine dining Mexican restaurants all the way down to taco trucks in Cali.  So I'm pretty open when it comes to new Mexican spots.  
Loved the environment of El Gato Negro.  It's cute and quaint and the staff was very friendly but the food really left much to be desired.  We started with the queso.  It wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't clumpy.  Just too thick to really enjoy.  
Like I said earlier..the margarita was tasty but didn't have enough alcohol to create the sightest buzz.  That's dissapointing considering it was a $14 margarita!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I ordered a burrito and was so disappointed.  Oversized...fine but I couldn't even consider picking it up.  There was some sauce over it and the only way I could even think to eat it was with a fork and knife.  That wouldn't have been so bad if I actually enjoyed it but I didn't.  Sorry to say it was not very good and sat on my stomach the rest of the day.  
I'm being generous with my comments.  My boyfriend HATED it and couldn't stop talking about how much he did!!
I hate to give an unflattering review but thought you might want to knowFood is meh. I like the sauces and the preparation, but flavor is clearly lacking. It's mostly bland with an overpowering salsa. My steak that was ordered medium rare came out fully cooked and with more salt than I can handle.I've lived in Texas, New Mexico and California and experienced all kinds of Mexican food, I'm somewhat of an authority on the subject. This place is legit. The table side guacamole is fantastic and the  chorizo tacos stand on their own. Highly recommend if your looking for good Mexican food and margaritas.This is the best authentic Mexican food in the city, outside of the taco truck that isMy wife could not survive seven whole days without Mexican food so we wandered into this place. Authentic Mexican food with a few local twists. The queso -with crawfish - was some of the best I've had ANYWHERE. The orange/oregano salsa was a nice sweet salsa that goes nicely on ANY seafood dish. The molé burrito was large, well prepared and tasty. Definitely a sweet chocolaty version of molé - but very good. The margaritas were fresh and went down too easily. All at a fairly reasonable price (for NOLA).Some of the worst Enchiladas I have ever had. Having been to multiple cities in Mexico and all around the United States, I can easily say the food here is not authentic. Try a margarita, but skip the food.This place is awsome. Huge meals. We ordered the guacamole and a fajitas to share. Had to take home in a doggy bag. 
Love that it is has gluten free options. Staff were attentive, friendly and helpful.The best mexican food restaurant in the city!  I have said it before, but I eat out a lot and this is one of my new favorites.  I have eaten here four times over the past two months and had something different each time... ALWAYS amazing food, service, and overall experience!  Nothing else to say about it -eat here, you won't be disappointed!
OH, if you want the freshest guacamole in town this is the place to go;  your waiter makes it at your table!!  
Pure Awesomeness!The tamales and tacos were very good. Chips were nice and crunchy and the salsa has a nice spice without being over powering. The reason for the 4 was that the rice and beans tasted like an after thought. My suggestion would be to either change the sides to something more authentic or change the beans and rice!! Our second time here and we will be back again. Our waitress was very helpful and friendly!This place has amazing margaritas for a very decent price.  And if you check in on your phone you get an upgrade to top shelf!  At a great spot across from the french market.  Grab a drink and walk around, it's fun!We love this place! It has been such a favorite for us since the early 00s. Delicious fresh food with outstanding margaritas. And even as it has become popular and busy, the quality is still there. The new manager is vivacious and brings a welcome influence to the team.we stopped in for dinner the other night.  i had never been here, so i wanted to give it a try.  it had a very small dining room, which was full, so we sat in the "courtyard".  service was very slow considering four people at my table ordered quesadillas, and two people ordered tacos.  seems like a simple enough order.  it took almost an hour to get our food.  the food was ok, but WAY overpriced in my opinion (11 bucks for a tiny quesadilla with a dab of refried beans and a dab of rice).  our meal was nearly a hundred dollars.  maybe we should have had water instead of the 3 dollar sodas and 7 dollar margarita.  the margarita was good, but nothing to get excited about (definitely needed more salt on the rim too).  over all, we were kind of dissapointed by this place.  
not to say that other menu items aren't super tasty - maybe they are.  and maybe it isn't such a big deal for other folks to drop a bunch of money on some mexican food - but as for me, i might just hit up the taco truck next time around.  that stuff is authentic too.  and good.  and cheap.  no margaritas though :(The food was delicious! We split a plate of fajitas. So good! Joseph was a greater waiter!  He took great care of us!  Thanks for the complimentary flan. It was delicious. Make sure and try it!My sister is gluten free, and this place, is by far, the best dining we have here in New Orleans. Sabra, our server, was more than accommodating, and took exquisite care of us, especially in regards to the gluten free diet. I had the table side guac, combo platter, and top shelf blueberry marg. All spectacular. Great place!When I was living in the quarter, El Gato Negro was a staple for me. I never met a dish there that I didn't love. Everything from chorizo tacos to chicken enchiladas, all served fresh and hot and oh-so-yummy. I am also completely and utterly addicted to their Mojitos (pineapple and raspberry being my favorites). I love you El Gato Negro! lolWe have gotten margaritas here before but finally came in for a sit down meal. The poblano pepper was inedible due to the slab of thick, solid cheese. It was covered in mushrooms and 2 types of sauce and was also way too salty. The burrito was covered in the same red salsa that comes with the chips. I don't have to tell you what salsa does to a flour tortilla. I'll go back for a margarita to go but won't eat here again.I am from California & came to New Orleans for vacation w/ my mother, sister & grandparents. We came December 3, 2016. We were seated, our waiter was nice & his customer service was good. The drinks we ordered were fantastic no complaint there. When it was time for our food to come out my mother ordered fajitas which came to our table first. As SOON AS THE PLATE WAS SET ON THE TABLE A COCKROACH CAME OUT, THEN 3 MORE CAME OUT FROM BETWEEN THE CAST IRON SKILLET & WOODEN PLATE. We quietly let the waiter know, he took the plate back & offered another dish or a drink. My mother then ordered a drink instead of another dinner dish. The rest of our food came to the table which some of us ate & others just could not after seeing the COCKROACHES!! It took the "manager" bout 20 or so minutes approach our table & give an apology. He told us he was sorry that this happened & that they get a wkly cleaning, & he will talk to the cleaning district. Our bill came & they billed us for everything except the fajitas & the 1 drink they offered as an apology. I dont understand how this place gets any business especially how the "manager" handled this situation= very poorly. I can only hope if & when this happens again the "manager" handles the situation better than he did for us.I had the chicken fajitas and they were great! The chicken was cooked just right with a nice amount of seasoning... tasty... (i just are the left overs for lunch :)
The guacamole was tasty but could have used a tad bit more seasoning... 
My margarita was amazing with cilantro and pineapple!
Worth it if your looking for a new Mexican joint that does it right... if the prices came down just a tad it could be a staple.Too expensive for size of portions.  I ordered a shrimp taco, which cost $5.85 per taco.  That does not include lettuce ($0.50) or tomato ($1.00).  I received a single corn tortilla with three tiny shrimp that had been covered in what tastes like soy sauce.  I also ordered refried beans on the side (another $1.75) those were the best part of the meal.  My son ordered a shrimp quesadilla, again very small portion and not a great taste.  My other son ordered tamales.  They were extremely dry and had very little meat inside.
On a positive note, the service was very fast and responsive.Such good food and the spicy cucumber margarita is so tasty. Have eaten here more than once and the service is always great.My wife and i started out with the stuffed avocado. We were looking for tastes we don't get back home and this one was excellent. My wife's favorite so far on our trip (4 nights into it).
We both love mole and when we saw it on the menu, we both ordered it.  It was good. Not the best mole we've had but good. Before the chicken mole came, the server brought us both a bigger knife. We found that we needed it to cut the chicken. 
The chips tasted like restaurant style chips you buy in the grocery store so nothing special. Salsa was good.
We didn't like the mirrors on the walls.  We sat next to a wall and the mirror was distracting more than anything else.
I thought the service was ok, not great.Just no. I think the rave reviews about this place that gives it a generous 4 stars is solely regarding the margaritas and cocktails. I didn't opt to try one but I wish I had because I probably needed it to get through this poor experience I had during this meal. Our waitress and the customer service overall was extremely satisfactory which is the only positive experience during our time dining here. The fajita portions looked quite substantial in all of the yelp photos so I suggested my boyfriend and I share the combination fajitas ($33.75) where you have a choice of two of the grilled fajita items. We chose chicken and beef and opted for half flour and half corn tortillas. When the dish came out, we received one whole chicken breast and 4 cut pieces of beef. We immediately asked if there was a mistake in the portioning to which the host came over to quell our concerns. He kindly explained that you only get 5oz of the more "premium" meat you chose while you get a whole chicken breast. They claimed it was 5 oz of beef but I can assure you it was not. I'm just glad that before they put in the order for extra beef that he had the courtesy to let us know that it would be charged for another whole order of the beef fajitas, so we ultimately decided against it. Although he was kind and considerate in his explanation of what the combination fajitas entailed, I don't think that they should charge double the order of single meat fajitas for the exact same amount of protein for just being able to combine two meats. The corn tortillas seemingly homemade were extremely thick and practically impossible to use for fajitas. I ended up just using a knife and fork method. We also cancelled the queso fundido that our waitress forgot about but the host decided to give us a small portion on the house. I'm glad that we cancelled because the queso came to our table with the thin layer of fake cheese film already on it. Basically, this food is way overpriced for mediocre Mexican food and I will not be returning. The location is right next to the French market and if I'm ever in the area again I may stop in just to try their alcoholic offerings but the food here is horrible and isn't worth what you pay at all. I'm impressed with the way they handled their customer services and the way we were treated though and after the host's explanation he even thanked us for understanding. I just completely disagree with the pricing of their orders and do not recommend for anyone to get the combination fajita.The food was excellent.  The stuffed pepper was essentially "open-faced" and had a lot of flavor.  The fajitas are pricey but also very good.
The downside of this place is the poor wait staff and cramped seating arrangements.  If you don't mind others listening in on your conversations then you shouldn't have a problem here.  I just hope the waitstaff is slightly more outgoing and friendly.  Finally, be prepared to be nickel and dimed here.  They charge for chips after your first basket as do they with a refill on salsa.  They give you 2 tortillas if you order queso and then want to charge you for each additional tortilla.  Sodas are also from the bottle so each refill costs.
Basically if it wasn't for the the food I would never go back here.  And I'm still debating if the food is worth dealing with all the other stuff.Love Mexican food and this place surely doesn't disappoint.  It's right across from the French Market.  Great food.  Great people.  Great music.We had Sammy as our waiter. He was awesome! He knew all the specials and explained in detail. I got the kiwi margarita. It had fresh muddled kiwi, and it was awesome! I also got the Tex Mex burrito, and that was great! Portions were big, and I couldn't finish, so I took half of it home. Food came out quick and hot. My water saw filled quick and when we were ready to go, Sammy freshened up my margarita and put it in a to go cup for me. Everything was excellent!Great food, very good fresh made drinks! Pricey, but delicious. Service is really good too.Mexican restaurants near our home NEVER charge for salsa and chips.  Not even for refills.  Rice and beans are included with meals - no extra charge.  So, we did not eat here because their prices were outrageous for Mexican food.  We heard that the margaritas were excellent, so despite our better judgement to spend over $10.00 for one, me and DH each ordered one.  They were both so sickeningly sweet and thick they were undrinkable.  An entire pitcher of margaritas could have been made with the mix in a single drink.  We couldn't taste any tequila in either of them.  We told our server that we did not like them, and she offered to add another shot of tequila.  We still could not taste the liquor in these drinks.  We will not return.This was one of the top five meals I have eaten this year, in terms of flavor and value. I had the poblano pepper stuffed with cheese, and topped with onions, peppers and mushrooms in a cream sauce. It came with two warm, thick, dense corn tortillas. It was so tasty I had to shoo away my dining companions from eating it all. 
I don't know if I can be tempted to try anything else on the menu, the stuffed pepper is that good! The service is excellent. Margaritas are delicious and strong. My friends enjoyed their food. This will be a go-to place when I am in the area.Great authentic food with fabulous unique margaritas.  Pineapple cilantro is yummy. Chicken quesadilla great with grilled green peppers. A little pricey but worth it.This was a place that has been on our list of going to since my girlfriend happened to come here while in New Orleans for a business trip. Let me say that this place lived up to all the hype that she laid down plus more!! That is also coming from a person that eats Mexican food regularly.
We had a little wait for a table, but ended chatting with one of the waitresses while waiting. She was really personable and definitely went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience.
We got our table pretty quickly and dove into the menu. There's not a ton of things on the menu, but I think it is because they'd rather have a smaller selection of great items instead of a full menu with mediocre dishes. The salsa on the table was amazing, along with the pork burrito and fish taco that my girlfriend ordered. This will most likely be a regular place for dinner. I just wish there was one closer to UpTown.Live in the quarter and love this place. Staff is always friendly and food is always consistently good and fresh. The pablono pepper appetizer is to die for !!!!! Get the top shelf MargaritaFresh made chips, good queso fundido and fresh guacamole. Margaritas were also tasty. Pork tamales were good; meat couldve been more moist.Pineapple Cilantro Margaritas and freshly prepared guacamole--tableside.
That's all you need to know.Ate here on a recent evening and enjoyed every bit of it. Classic Margarita was tasty and due to the enormous choice of tequilas you can "pimp it up" as much or as little as you like. Tableside-prepared Guacamole was to-die-for and the burrito was great, too. Service was attentive and friendly.This place deserves 10 stars!  Phenomenal Mexican food!  More authentic than typical Tex-Mex you'll find elsewhere!
Order small, the portions are beyond filling and you'll have little room left to eat after enjoying their massive margaritas!
El Gato usually has a wait, and is a bit more expensive comparatively, but once you eat there you'll understand its totally worth it!Unfortunately I heard the hype from friends and believed it. I was hoping for a good meal and a solid margarita. And while their tequila menu looked fabulous it was underwhelming in margarita form. As for the food, the guac had too much like juice (which is a rookie mistake) and I had a burrito that was so full of cheese and rice that the three little shrimps were not worth the price and the pain later in the evening. Overall I was just underwhelmed.Very good mexican food near the French Market. We had a couple of strong margaritas and enchiladas that were delicious.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  The owner even came over to say hello.  I highly recommend this restaurant.Yum yum gimme some
Bison burrito is outstanding
3 cheese enchilada is just as tasty
Margaritas are the best in town!After eating gumbo, a po-boy and red beans and rice for 3 days, finding El Gato Negro was a great change of pace. The ceviche was amazing and the pineapple,  cilantro and lime margarita was like an orgasim in my mouth.Not a 4 star place or anywhere near it.  If you know mexican food, this is just average.  Nothing special.  Although the reviews said the margaritas were good, mine was so sweet I almost couldn't drink it.  Had to switch to beer.  It's probably fine if you're out drinking and just need some mexican food but don't expect a really great meal.  Service was good though.By far the best margaritas I had while in NOLA.  I love this city, where it's legal (if not encouraged) to buy a drink in a bar or restaurant and to bring it with you as you stroll around.  A local recommended this place for the drinks alone, but I wished that I would have sat in for food- which looked incredible.  If you stop in here, make sure to check in on Yelp, as you'll get a coupon for the top-shelf margaritas.  Though they are expensive (I think about $8.50), it's definitely worth it to grab one while you're in the Quarter.I know I know... Why eat Mexican while visiting New Orleans? We find Mexican on every single trip we take so I figured why stop there? It was a great little find on Yelp. I honestly don't know how we all survived without this amazing ap. I ordered a Pineapple Cilantro Margarita and it was delicious!! The other reviews on here were spot on. I also had a spicy Margarita which was very tasty. The server was extremely polite, kind, knowledgable, helpful.... You name it. Very impressed with the younger guy waiting on us. For dinner we ordered Chicken Enchiladas and also the Chicken Burrito. The burrito was very good. I wasn't crazy about the Enchiladas, they were a tad dry but still overall this place gets 4 stars in our book. When your over eating Cajun food and stumble around intoxicated give this place a shot.Wonderful service, delicious food and the best margaritas ever!!  I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the French Market area looking for good food and amazing Margaritas.   The avocado appetizer and the chicken quesadillas were both delicious. My husband really enjoyed the burritos.Everyone raves about this place being the best Mexican food in town. I really don't see it. Personally, I think the best Mexican foods in town come from rinky dink taco stands. I ordered fajitas .. my steak was too chewy, my margarita tasted as if I was drinking pure salt, which I was because there was a wad of salt sitting at the bottom of my glass.
Not impressed .. at all!Good service. Excellent tequila selection including Republic anejo, repos ado, and plata. Good lobster taco but would love to gave a cabbage slaw with it and a larger tortilla. Good vegetarian options! Sangria is pretty good, but tequila shot is better. Complimentary chips and salsa. Want to return here when I visit New Orleans again.This place was fantastic, I am so glad that I saw it on yelp and decided to try it with my bf.  If I hadn't seen it on yelp, I would have never found it.  It is down here by the market, way at the end, you would for sure not see it!  I had the cilantro, pineapple, lime margarita - top shelf and it was so tasty, chunks of pineapple in there.  Also had the tableside ceviche that was probably one of the best I have ever had.  Big chunks of tuna and lots of it, big pieces of avocado, lime juice, some tomatoes or pico style veggies and not a whole lot more.  I love the simple ceviche where you actually get some fish!  My bf had the pulled pork I believe, tamales and they were awesome.  The service was very good, the place was busy, the restrooms were clean, we just loved it!If you've never had a margarita made from fresh ingredients, or have a guacamole made fresh to order - it's time you got it. 
Great food, great service and everything is extremely fresh and yummy. 
They also have a vegetarian menuGo for the pineapple cilantro margaritas, they are crazy good. We tried the watermelon, carrot and lime, and blackberry ones too on two trips there (yeah, we went to NOLA and had Mexican, so what?) but they couldn't really compete.
We had the pulled pork quesadilla and table-side guacamole. Both were pretty darn good, though the guacamole still isn't as good as the homemade stuff.I love this spot. The food is great the menu is cute and there is family history in the restaurant. The Margaritas are tasty. It is a little small in there. So large crowds not welcome.Went to this joint for lunch on the recommendation of a local we know.  Being from Las Vegas, we are used to world class Mexican food.  We started with tableside guacamole which was great.  Hubby had the special pineapple margarita and I ordered the speckled trout tacos and he ordered the shrimp fajitas.  Both were amazing.  The trout was seared with some cornmeal.  Would definitely recommend.I went here last Saturday for margaritas and was not disappointed! The pineapple cilantro margarita is amazingly delicious. And the price isn't too steep, either - $7.75 for a pretty sizeable drink. All of the ingredients were super fresh and it was mixed really well. 
The staff was awesome - there was an unfortunate soul who overdid it on the tequila and passed out at the table next to me (and it was 11am!). But the staff members really took care of him and made sure he was alright before he left. I'm sure they get their fill of drunk & obnoxious tourists, but they really were great to him .Rice ands beans here tasted like something I had in Mexico years ago.  I had the shrimp tacos and they were fresh and delicious.  The tortillas were handmade and quite good.  My habanero salsa really packed a punch: spicy but with a surprising quiet finish.  I am rather picky about my Mexican and this place is Delicious!Welcome to Lakeview soon, but I don't think your prices will be welcomed, even though your food is great - will blow away Velvet Cactus! Yea..........Great food and service. Definitely try the Pineapple cilantro margarita. It was amazing! The tuna ceviche was soo fresh and tasty. This is on my list of places to make it back to for sure!Fantastic food! If you go here make sure to order the stuffed avocado - it's a treat.Just had lunch here today. It was perfect. The manager and staff were warm and friendly on top of providing excellent service. The guacamole was delish! The queso was great and the steak tacos were just right. After our not so pleasant lake view location experience, we will come to this one now. I'm sure lakeview will work out their kinks, but we will stick with the quarter where we know the experience will be good!Ok they're not perfect...but it's friendly service-consistently. Which it NOLA that's 5 stars alone. Ceviche and guacamole are best best. Salsa kicks ass...beers cold. Enjoyable every time. This too is hard for tourist to find in Nola.This place, in my opinion, has the BEST Mexican food in New Orleans and all the surrounding areas. You get homemade chips and salsa right when you sit down (and the salsa is soooo good!) Everything is made fresh to order, the prices are fair, and they have Satsuma Margaritas that are out of this world.  I get mine with the Hornitos Tequila and it is one of the best drinks I've ever had.  The owner is almost always there, ensuring that everything is running smoothly. He loves to say hi and check in with the customers.  All of the servers there are great and very friendly as well. Seating is limited and this place is always packed. That's always a great sign of a an awesome restaurant!  If you like Mexican food and you have not tried this place yet, you must go IMMEDIATELY!  You won't regret it, trust me.This place is excellent.  Great guacamole made table side.  Large portions ofr fresh ingrediants with good flavors.  Nice server, food out quickly.  a little bit pricey but overall a great meal. Only down side was the chips could have been warm - seamed store bought and out of line with the rest of the meal.  Will return everytime i am in town.I came here since it was gluten free. The chips and salsa were great fresh and not too spicy. I had the shrimp tacos with rice and it was delish! Soo good the right kind of spice and just an overall great experience with great foodGreat authentic Mexican experience.
We arrived at El Gato Negro on Wednesday night around 9PM for a late dinner.  We were seated immediately and served warm chips and fresh salsa.
Our waiter was prompt & friendly. We ordered the pineapple cilantro margaritas and guacamole as an appetizer.  Both were magnificent.  We then had three-cheese enchiladas, a lobster taco and a steak taco, with sides of beans and rice.  All of the food was great and service was thorough.  Can't wait to go back and try out more of the entrees and margarita flavors!This is our favorite spot to eat in the entire world.  Food is delicious (try the lobster claw taco), staff is friendly, attentive and recognizes you when you come in, drinks are refreshing.  There is a great selection of tequila and an option to order a flight if you want to try something new.  New Orleans has a million great restaurants and we come here several times each visit.Mmmmmmmmmm!! El Gato Negro never fails me! The only thing I wish they had was their own parking lot. We drove around for at least 20 mins looking for a spot to park on a Friday night - it was worth every drop of that $4/gallon gas! Once again, I ordered my fish tacos with all the fixings. The seasoning they use is incredible! It's so flavorful and the fish was nice and flaky! J ordered the chicken fajitas and he loved them. Every time you check in here they give you a top shelf marg for 7.75, you can't beat that!!After hearing such good things about this restaurant, I was determined to try it for myself. I planned a downtown shopping trip with my sister and El Gato Negro was a must for lunch. When we arrived we were seated outside in the cute, little courtyard. I instantly loved it. My sister & I each ordered a pineapple-cilantro margarita and quickly finished our yummy concoctions. Then we were on to the food...friends had raved about the tacos so I ordered a pulled pork taco, a fish taco and since my glass was empty, a mandarin orange margarita. My sister ordered the Acapulco salad and a traditional margarita. The food was great and so were the margaritas! I loved my tacos and after sampling my sister's salad I love it too. We left happy, satisfied and ever so slightly intoxicated. I couldn't wait to return with my man.
So, at this point you may be asking "why only two stars?" Hang on...this is where the story turns. Today my bf and I were downtown and when he asked me what I wanted for lunch, I said we had to go to El Gato Negro! I had been trying to get him to that end of the French Market for months and he finally gave in! Amazingly, we found a parking spot a block away. (If it takes longer than 5 minutes to find a spot downtown, my man declares our destination "not worth it" and (despite my protests) we always head somewhere with at parking lot.) The restaurant was very busy so I was relieved that there was a table available in the courtyard. Our waitress arrived at our table within seconds and we placed our drink order. I ordered the pineapple margarita again and my bf ordered a beer. Our drinks arrived while we were discussing our food options. I was just about to take a sip when I noticed something dark floating in the yellow liquid. Much to my horror I was staring at a dead baby roach! When I told my man, he asked if it was just cilantro that I had mistaken as a bug. My response - umm...it's brown and it has antennas...it definitely isn't cilantro! I didn't want to ruin our day with diva-ish behavior so I decided to be a trooper and continue on with a new drink. I called the waitress over, explained the situation and asked for a traditional margarita. (I was afraid they may just scoop the bug out so I ordered something different just in case.) The waitress was very nice and apologetic and promptly took the contaminated drink away. She returned with my new cocktail and we ordered our lunch. I ordered the Acapulco salad and the bf order the carne asada. While we waited I inspected the new drink and cautiously sipped it. I was trying to get over it but I was still bothered - a lot! The food arrived and I picked at it, inspecting along the way. It was good and my bf liked his steak but I think the damage was done. I just can't get passed the roach!
I'm really disappointed because my first visit was great. And, unfortunately I doubt I will ever go back. So for all the yelpers that love this place - El Gato Negro, CLEAN UP YOUR ACT!This is definitively one of the more authentic Mexican places and is located right by the French Market. I love places like this where most of the waiters only speak a little bit of English. Apparently, their margaritas are amazing though I can't personally state that since I have not yet experienced their magic.
It's pretty hard if not impossible to find authentic Mexican food. Let's start with the chips and salsa. I've read some of the complaints about El Gato's but I personally loved their salsa. Though I like mine a little spicier, there's had such flavor! And you can tell that it (as well as everything else) is freshly made.
When I go back I intend to try their tacos but for my first time I had their burrito..and damn. That was some burrito. Nothing less than completely satisfying!I think I had been hyped up a bit for this place, and while it was pretty solid, it was by no means amazing.
The margaritas are good-- not quite cosmic in splendor. (Also, they don't salt them NEAR enough.) The flavored margaritas are also good, just not quite surprising or intense enough to be interesting after the first one. The space would be better if it were more of a dive; as it is, it feels unfinished and too...bright (also a big peeve of mine).
I am obsessed with mole sauces, and while the menu description boasted all of the requisite ingredients (cacao, chile powder, etc..) the overall effect was just... so-so. Their ceviche? Also.... good. If this place were just a bit cheaper, it would be a total winner.  
What is that place next to the Bull Dog on Magazine? I hate to say, but it's better than Gato Negro.Mediocre food. Tables too close together. Gave me a claustrophobic feeling. I gave 3 stars because it wasn't bad, it just wasn't very memorable.The food was good but they charge for everything...chips & salsa! Just a little disappointed! Fajitas were good though!The stuffed avocado with corn tortillas is killer good. Corn tortillas rock and it's all gluten free! Crazy delicious.I had the steak fajitas. Food was very good. My bro had the burrito and he thought it was very good (he's a picky eater too), my cousin had the quesidilla, he said it was on point. 5 stars for food. But the margaritas and mojitos really weren't worth it. Bottom line, great foos, but Hit up another spot while your walking for alcohol.Tremendous gluten free menu - a rarity, it seems, here in NOLA. And great food? Yes. Wonderful waitress, very casual funky atmosphere, and fair prices. Love it.This place was AWESOME! I will definitely be back for more! 
We were seated within seconds of walking through the door & had multiple friendly waiters check on us throughout our visit! =)
We ordered the appetizer sampler (YUM!), which was 4 quesadilla triangles, cheese dip, guacamole & salsas - stuffed pepper also? I think?? I didn't eat that part of it, so I don't remember.
We shared the stuffed avocado ... Oh. My. GOD! It was SO FREAKING GOOD! I would like to eat this every day of my life. Avocado, shrimp, butter ... How can you go wrong?? YUM YUM YUUUUM!
I got the pulled pork taco - mehhhh ... I could do without it, but I finished it! So it definitely wasn't terrible by any means. Keep in mind that the price of the taco only includes the tortilla & the meat - toppings are separate! 
The deco in the place is definitely cute. Tall ceilings and an outdoor area. Bathrooms are very clean. Tons of liquor & specialty tequilas. I'd definitely recommend parking in the lot behind the french market (super close & cheap compared to the other lots)!
Can't wait to go back!!Gluten free menu that will knock your socks right out the door! We ate at the other location near the convention center as well but overall enjoyed the French Quarter location best.  Service was great, they know there menu well and were very accommodating with our various dietary restrictions.  The food was some of the best authentic Mexican I've had.  They do not serve tex-mex (bleh) style food here.  The seasoning is different than the average Mexican restaurant, it's just incredible. Presentation and atmosphere is also nice.  We enjoyed everything from beef tacos, skirt steak, shrimp fajitas, table side guacamole, chicken fajitas, stuffed avocados (amazing) and more.  We all so enjoyed our meals and that is why we came back for a second round on our vacation. El Gato Negro made was one of two restaurants we'll come back to next time we are in town.Foods always great, the atmosphere is funky and relaxed. Tonight however they dropped the ball.  My lamb chops ordered med rare came out med well, they fixed this problem quickly with a smile and they were wonderful. The problem occurred ten min later when they shoved a 7 top right up to the edge of my table prompting me to grab a to go box and pay the check and get the hell outta dodge. As a neighbor I hope for a comfortable evening out, and this definitely was not that. It may be some time before I return. Such a shame.We came in looking for a quick bite for lunch. At first I was upset with the menu because we are from Indiana and used to getting Mexican food for around 8 bucks an entree. So I ordered an al carte taco. My sister ordered two tacos and rice. My son had a quesadilla and beans and rice. Holy cow. Best food ever. Needless to say I ordered another taco. Totally worth the price.A little pricey for a mexican place. Everything was very flavorful though. Wouldn't normally eat mexican in NOLA but always helps to get over a hangover. Waiter was nice and attentive. Pineapple cilantro margarita was delicious.The crab quesadilla shared and a shrimp taco was a perfect lunch. While i had to refrain from my usual selection of one of their Mojitos, they looked amazing -as always. They're consistently busy in there but efficient in service. Fresh and delicious food -yum!Delicious Mexican food and great drinks!  The food always comes out quick and flavorful, the mojito is refreshing rather than syrupy sweet (as they can sometimes be at other bars) and the wait staff is kind and efficient.  This place is always on our short list when my boyfriend and I eat in the quarter.It's a good hole in the wall place. Though I do worry about how corporate they are or if there is just a sincerely high turn over rate. I get confused by that. The food was good and they have been having this yelp deal for a while on premium tequila margaritas in huge ass glasses for 7.25. I can't really complain, the cilantro margarita was DOPE AS FUCK. 
There Yelp, are you happy? I wrote a fucking review for this place. Shit.Drum fish tacos were awesome! Good selection of food to pick, staff was welcoming and friendly.I don't know how many times I passed by this place or heard people talk about it and recommend that I go. I guess this passed Saturday was the first time I decided to grow a pair and check this place out.
The waitress I had was very friendly and kinda cute too. She asked me what food I would like to order. I told her that I wasn't interested in food, and I wanted to order some booze instead. This is the part in which my visit here gets interesting.
I asked her how much a shot of their most expensive tequila was. She replied,"you don't wanna know". I said,"try me". She looked at me with a serious demeanor and said,"$175". I almost shit a brick when she said that. Damn, was this a bottle of tequila owned by famed General Santa Anna or something. Anyways I went with a less expensive Anejo at $9 a shot instead. I also had 2 coronas and 2 tequila sunrises. The tequila sunrises were fantastic! I haven't had a good tequila sunrise like that since I lived in Texas. These people definitely know how to make a good mixed drink.
Even though my waitress kept trying to get me to order food I just wasn't feeling it. The only food I had were the free salsa and chips that they gave me when I first came in. I will admit that it was good. After I downed my 12th shot of tequila I noticed that it was getting close to closing time. I paid my bill and left my waitress a generous tip. I walked out happy and confident knowing that I had achieved what I had set out to do(get drunk).
In short friendly service and great mixed drinks!Really good good. We had vegetarian pablano and house margaritas. Evan is awesome server. This place rocksWe came a bit late- the tables were full.  Lucky us, we like being outside, even if it's cold (a cold front hit New Orleans while we were traveling there.  Lucky us)
What is awesome about this is that there's a gluten-free menu so a friend can fully participate and enjoy her food with us!  The drinks, margaritas (blackberry for me), yummy!Food was good but I honestly think plate was overpriced. Quesadilla was 15 dollars it was good but not the best. Service was really friendly and quick. Drinks are very good and strong.carrot and lime margaritas! i was skeptical, but damn, it was tasty. i haven't had a mixed drink i wanted to write home about in a long time.
we had fresh guacamole, made at our table. a little gimmicky approach, but it's all good.
the food was expensive for hole-in-the-wall-ish mexican food, but decent. it's typical french quarter in terms of where price meets quality, but i'd go back here again to have a drink on the patio and people watch.delicious mexican food. Bison burrito and squash and zucchini fajitas are awsome.The food wasn't that memorable BUT I'd definitely go back for their Devils Blood Margarita!!! BEST spicy margarita EVER!!!!I got the skirt steak burrito . Love their hot sauce covering my burrito like love covers a family. On the menu they talk of being immigrants and working hard and 30 years later he and his brother have their own business. Food great and chips yummy only complaint was $9.95 for guacamole.I really loved my meal here. I got beans as a side and two chicken tacos on a soft wheat shell. The chicken pieces were large, well cooked and amazingly seasoned. The service from the kitchen was fast. Really clean, nice, large restrooms surprising for the area from my brief recent experience around town. There are a few outdoor tables in front and some in the back. I wish we would have known about the back ones upon entering as I would haves loved to sit in this shaded courtyard.El Gato is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in nola. Fun place to get  terrific drinks and excellent traditional entrees. (The Tex Mex stuff is great too.)
I love their mole poblano chicken. I know of nowhere else in New Orleans where I can get this particular dish, and I think El Gato does it beautifully. Chicken with chocolate sauce may not sound too appetizing if you have never tasted it, but I'm telling you, it's pretty much the best thing ever. 
This is also the only place in town, of which I am aware, to offer fresh, housemade corn tortillas, served soft, fluffy, and warm... A little thing, maybe, but one that makes a big difference, if you ask me.
The salsas are very good, especially if you like it hot. You may be better off getting your guacamole fix elsewhere, however. The $10 they're asking for table side guacamole is somewhat unreasonable in my opinion. But, generally speaking, I find that the quality of the food makes up for the prices.
Margaritas and mojitos are big draws as well. Deservedly so. The cilantro pineapple margarita is a particular favorite of mine. There is also a great selection of tequila and mezcal, and they offer tequila flights! I look forward to indulging in one next time I go.
Service is consistently good. Last time, a friend and I dined outside during a shift change on a very busy Saturday, and nevertheless, both servers were entirely attentive. They were friendly, efficient, and did not miss a beat, even while the demands of my lunch companion grew increasingly complicated as the margaritas multiplied. Those guys were awesome.
On the whole, this may not be the best place to go when you are on a budget, as the extras do add up, and the prices are not too economical to start. But otherwise, El Gato is great place to go on a lazy afternoon or for a night out.Visited El Gato on one of my first trips to New Orleans and loved the changeup of grabbing some great Mexican food amidst the city of cajun/creole. Re-visited recently and remembered why I loved this place the first time. Nice outdoor seating, great margaritas, very good guacamole, and excellent main dishes. Definitely recommend this for a changeup.This is as good as it gets in New Orleans as far as Mexican food goes, and even if you don't like mexican food the margaritas are OUTSTANDING!!! Fresh squeezed juice and house made mixers - the only thing out of a bottle is the tequila (and your tequila options are wonderful - i'm a fan of heradura and hornitos, myself). The tableside guacamole is a real treat and the lamb chops with garlic mashed potatoes are fantastic. LOVE to see Chef back there, the help is friendly and knowledgable, and the food is delightful. There's a small courtyard in the back if you want outdoor seating that isn't right in front of the french market. One of our favorite places for a treat (slightly more expensive than your more casual but less authentic mexican) - I have a great coupon offer linked on my facebook as well - you can thank me later!Amazing food! Carne Asada was perfectly grilled, and the grilled vegetables had incredible flavor. This place has the best Mexican food that I've had thus far in NOLA by far, out of at least half a dozen restaurants. Great tequila selection, and a large selection of Mezcal. Definitely worth the trip!Not sure what the hype is about.  It was ok.  We have places like this in knoxville tn that are no different.  Just tacos.  Nothing wrong or bad with it but its just average mex food.I was pleasantly surprised with El Gato Negro. To be honest, I've been a little worried about getting good Mexican food here in New Orleans since I moved from California. I wish Yelp allowed 1/2 ratings because I think El Gato Negro is actually more deserving of 3 1/2 stars. I had the burrito with filet mignon. I think the filet was a little too chewy... it didn't quite have that juciy tenderness of a regular filet, but maybe it's too much to expect a prime cut of meat in my burrito. The one thing that really irked me was the chips and salsa deal. The first basket of chips and salsa is on the house, but anything else costs a buck. Now, I know that's not much but it just seems against everything I know about Mexican restaurants to charge for chips and salsa. Oh well. I would definitely return here and try the margaritas next time. Unfortunately, I came during my self imposed liver cleanse. Next time! Meow!No, folks, the food is not really good. The food is HORRIBLE. We started going there when they first opened after the storm, and sad to say, the quality has gone down precipitously. It is downright awful food. 
For starters, three weeks ago, I tried the Lakeview location, and had cheese enchiladas with WHOLE CUBES OF UNMELTED CHEESE. There was no sauce with the enchiladas; they were dry and bland and tasteless.  
So when my friends suggested giving the FQ a try, I was hesitant. But I ordered the mole, and promptly refused to eat it. 
Watered down Hershey's syrup with salt. That is El Gato's idea of mole. My friend got vegetarian tacos, and green and yellow squash were the veggies! Granted, one does not expect good vegetarian food from Mexican cuisine, but SQUASH? No onions, no peppers? Just zucchini. 
Panchita's on Carrollton has far better mole. 
I have eaten throughout Mexico, and thankfully, this is NOT what I ate. But I fear that the owners are selling out to a largely gringo crowd. Gone are the Hispanic wait staff, the Hispanic attention to customer service, and dare I say it, the Hispanic chefs. 
Gringos pay more money and frankly, in general, New Orleanians do not know authentic Mexican food. That's a fact. 
The over-priced drinks are the only thing worth this place any more. It is sad. Popularity breeds contempt.The service at El Gato Negro was outstanding. Our waiter was very attentive and accommodating. We ordered two of the special margaritas, one Orange and Lime, and the other Strawberry. Both of which were also outstanding. We had a selection of the different tacos available, chicken, pork, and fish, and were very pleased with each. Another in our party had the Coyito's Pan Seared Wild Salmon, and wouldn't stop talking about it, so I take that as a good sign.Food was great. Service was some of the worst I have had since I have moved to New Orleans. Got sat at the patio and our server forgot about us multiple times. Additionally there were over 5 additional staff standing around in an empty seating area as we were leaving.Fresh table side ceviche served by a sweet young man... Yes please! Well done Gato Negro!Great staff and really great food.  The margaritas are really unique but they seemed really weak.  The guac was made in front of us and the staff brought us tons of warm chips and salsa.  Overall it was a good place to go, just make sure they give you a proper amount of booze.Cute, little venue across from the French Market. Although it is a very small place, the owner went out of his way to accommodate our group of nine. The service was a little slow but it was very busy. Always a good sign!. And we were having fun socializing so it was okay. The house Margaritas live up to their rep! I had their mango pineapple margarita and it was delicious and served in beautiful glasses. Everyone enjoyed their meals from simple tacos to my tableside ceviche. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a break from all the Cajun food.LISTEN PEOPLE: Between the four of us, We ate here THREE DAYS IN A ROW for FOUR MEALS while we were at Jazz Fest 2016. The first night, my girlfriend and I ate there, the second she ate there with her husband and my husband and I went later, and the third night, we all four went. 
The food is straight up amazing. This is NOT that "Mexican Restaurant" in the old Hardees building in your hometown. I don't even know if this is "Authentic Mexican." What I do know is that it's delicious, and if I lived in NOLA, I'd eat here weekly. 
Atmosphere: There are two tables on the sidewalk, about 18 inside, then another 3-4 in a little patio out back. The decorations are super cute, some typical Spanish style, lots of empty liquor bottles, and the women's bathroom is adorable (and clean!). In fact, the cleanest restaurant outside of Arnauds that we hit all week. That is so nice! The really nice thing is that it's kind of set back away from the real touristy areas, so we never had to wait for a table, even though it was always doing a brisk business. It's kind of like our own, secret restaurant that we only share with the coolest people. The inside tables are nice because they're close enough that you can strike up a comfortable conversation with those around you if you so desire. Of course, you can also hear some really dumb stuff even if you don't so desire, so keep that in mind. We had to endure ten minutes of the morons next to us comparing some dumb person to someone with Autism - well our son is Autistic so it was tough to listen to, but we were on vacation so I chose not to advocate that night. Some people are just awful, but fortunately the food is good enough here that it was easy to forget. Towards the end of our meal, the coolest people from Florida showed up, thought and we chatted with them until we left. Nice folks!
Service: Two of the nights we got really excellent service, but the night my husband and I ate there, our waiter was off. In his defense, it sounded like he had a nasty cold, though, and I think they were light on servers anyway. Kudos to him for showing up, but then again, our waiter had a nasty cold. Looking forward to mine in about a week and a half. Guess what? Still WORTH IT!
Food: Honestly, if you served me food like this, it could be on a milk crate, in a dirty alley, with a waiter who punched me in the face between courses. I'd be cool with it. We weren't drinking, so I got a cherry coke and a water (the cherry coke came with enough grenadine to drop a horse, god I love the South). The last night my husband got a sangria and my friend's husband had a beer, both were fine. 
The first night, I got the ground beef tacos, a side of beans, and the table side guac. I don't know what they do to their meat, but it's pure magic. My tacos didn't even have cheese, and ya know what? I'm so cool with that. Because it would have masked that beautiful, tender, flavorful beef. My friend had the RIDONKULOUS (yes, I used that word) skirt steak quesadillas, which I got the next night. Again, the beef is the key. Something they do makes it melt-in-your-mouth tender and oh so flavoricious. And the cheese on the quesadillas? Never got gloopy or stringy like some cheese after it cooled off. It was just like a dairy pillow in your mouth. All the veg was sautéed in, I dunno, probably fairy glitter, but it was amazing, too. And the table side guacamole? Let's just say that I would do unspeakable things to it if it were a human. We got it with the jalapeño on the side, though, because it looked like a lot and my friend doesn't like it too spicy. It was fine just to mix a few pieces in here and there for you. It's WAY too much guac for two people, though, but for the four of us on the last night, it was perfect. The last night, I just had a salad, and it was, well, a salad. But my stomach was revolting from all the rich foods we'd gorged on for three days. So it worked. 
All in all, I give this place a "HELL YES" and if you don't hit it up at least once while you're there, the jokes on you my friend.This place was recommended by another French Quarter bar when we were looking for Mojito's this week.   So we ended up there twice, with lunch included the second visit.  The servers are preparing the drinks too so there was variation in how they were made.  First time was good but a bit sweet.  Second time they were terrible and half soda water, but we sent them back and the new round was perfect.  The meal had a wonderful grilled red snapper, cooked just enough to sear the outside and then served with a vegetable seafood sauce.  The other entrees were red snapper tacos (a special) and a steak burrito, which were both delicious.The Summary:
I've tried to eat at this place 3 times now. I'm just not a fan. Don't get me wrong: the food is pretty good but the service is slow, really slow. The service team seems dis-interested in being there. Oh, and the prices are just too high: $4 for a taco ??? Please...
The Visits:
Visit #1: stopped in for a Margarita. I got one for $12. It was really weak, not good.
Visit #2: stopped in for lunch with a friend. The place was nearly empty and we were seated quickly. The service was slow but the food was good: fish tacos and chicken tacos. 
Visit #3: stopped in for a bite with my parents. The place was packed and no one paid any attention to us for at least 15 minutes. I got up to check on service and they seemed annoyed. We wait a few more minutes with no service and we left. Again, they didn't seem to care.
I wish I had been able to enjoy their lineup of Tequila. I wish I had a chance to eat more of the menu items. I wish they didn't suck at service.
The Verdict: I won't go back.This place is tiny and usually bustling with people...I can't say that I would wait very long for a table here, but the margaritas are "usually" excellent. I loooooved the pineapple cilantro margarita! When I returned to get a blue margarita to sip as I strolled the riverside...it was horrible. I had to bring it back to the waitress to "fix" and then it still wasn't drinkable. I ended up having another bar around the corner add another shot of tequila to the drink...to attempt to salvage it. Other than that one complaint, service is good and the enchiladas have been tasty, too.Heavenly! Mexican really can't be screwed up in my opinion; but after eating at El Gato Negro, I might be disappointed when I venture to other Mexican restaurants. 
The first time I went to this restaurant I was in New Orleans for a conference. My coworker and I took a handful of potential clients here for dinner. We had a group of about 8 or 9 and there were going to be a few separate checks. Their rule is 1 check per table (a rule that I've always thought is so ridiculous since I've worked in plenty of restaurants and you can always make separate checks, but whatever!) so we had to split up into smaller groups and sit at separate tables. This was a huge bummer and instantly put a bad taste in my mouth. The restaurant is very small, not the place to go if you are interested in a private conversation. 
Thankfully, the food completely makes up for it! For a Mexican restaurant they have a very short menu, food on one side and all your tequila options on the other side. At a closer look you can basically build your own meal...perfect for me! I ordered a fish taco with guac, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and a side of beans and rice. The flavoring on the fish was excellent! It tasted as good as it smelled! Everyone I was with raved about their food, there wasn't 1 complaint. 
The second time I went was with J. I told him that we had to go and since we both love Mexican food it was an easy sell. Of course I ordered the same thing and it was just as good the second time around. This time I accompanied my meal with one of their fresh made margaritas and it was awesome. 
This is a must have every time I'm in New Orleans now. 
After dinner you should head over to Frenchman Street and enjoy the awesome local music scene. An awesome date night right here!i went for a leisurely sunday lunch recently with a few friends and thought the food on this visit was better than that i had previously.  i ordered skinny margaritas which, despite the adjective, were actually quite tasty.  i know the bartender used agave for sweetener, but i'm not sure what other ingredients comprised this concoction. 
i chose rabbit fajitas for my entree (rabbit was the ~*special*~ meat that weekend.)  the fajita veggies were standard, but the rabbit was perfectly cooked, and i *heart* the fresh corn tortillas at el gato.  there was more than enough food for two people to share or for one person to split between two meals.
only downside was the cost.  i'll ignore my margaritas because i ordered them with herradura, but the fajitas were 15 dollars plus about 8 dollars for the rabbit!  i think 23 usd for sauteed veggies and meat is a bit steep...Welcome respite from much of the good offerings in the area. Yes, it's expensive for a Mexican Cantina, but it's not outrageous. Service was prompt and efficient, checking on our table occasionally.
As for the food and drink, the Pineapple Marg was really really good. The food , though, could use a lot less salt. Everything seemed to be loaded - from the chips and salsa, to the entrées. I'd come back here, but I'd ask if they could leave out the salt.The house margaritas are the best I have ever had. They served it with chopped satsuma oranges and lime. The food was good and I wanted to keep eating. The portions are pretty large and I was stuffed the remainder of the day. It is located directly across from the French Market. It has some great spaces outside. The salsa was wonderful!FOOD: Separate gluten free menu (that even has quesadillas and burritos).  The mixes for the margaritas and mojitos are made in house, which is a huge plus in my book.  Try ordering a cilantro & lime margarita...it's not on the menu but it is delicious!! The tortilla chips and salsa were only so-so, but I don't like to complain about free food.  
SERVICE: Our server was friendly and attentive...not much else to say on that point.
AMBIANCE:  I feel like this place could be 5x better if it went for a more trendy atmosphere.  As it is, it feels kinda like a tex-mex family restaurant.  Which is totally fine, but it's not the type of place I'd go to celebrate anything or meet up for drinks.....even though it has the right menu and is in a good neighborhood for that.  Dim the lights, add a bar, etc.El Gato is a great place. The El Gato dip is ridiculously good and can actually be a meal in and of itself. There is nothing that I have found that was not good. The atmosphere at the one in the French Quarter is good but can be loud because it's a small place. The fresh fruit rum drinks are dangerous.Ok, so, I went (again), so my review jumps up a bit. Still overpriced, but, the carrot margs ARE indeed good, and, one has to try the salsa sampler. the hot one eviscerated my bowels. Thats a sign of goodness IMHO.Not like it used to be. Had lunch here yesterday and still can't get the nasty taste out of my mouth. Kinda gross. Overpriced and they wouldn't let me order one cheese and one chicken enchilada, not that it would have mattered, really not good. Keep waking to la pizza kitchen or the other little Italian resturant next door to pizza kitchen.My meal here was adequate, but I'm surprised this place currently has a user rating of 4 stars here on yelp. I'm giving it two stars. The food was edible, and they had my favorite hot sauce on the table. 
The shrimp in my quesadilla were nicely done and tasty, but there was a serious lack of ooey gooey cheese. The guacamole was made with good avocados, but we had to add salt and chiles ourselves to zest it up. The margaritas are clearly from a mix.
I also found the ambiance to be overly bright and loud, though it would be a good place to bring kids, since they would have to work extra hard to disrupt others' experience of the place. 
If nothing buy Mexican will do for a meal, this place will serve, but if you have even moderately high standards for the cuisine, go somewhere else.For the longest time I would not eat at El Gato Negro on my own accord. Many of my friends have invited me for birthday dinners and such so I've noticed some improvement over the years. It is a spot I visit sporadically and I mostly enjoy the food now.
The chips and salsa are still yummy as well as their margaritas. I believe the house margarita has a different recipe because it tastes better now.  My favorites are still their specialty margaritas. I generally prefer the meat dishes over seafood. Beef and chicken are just better equipped to handle El Gato Negro's hardy preparations. The fish and shrimp dishes always seem overwhelmed by their sauces and meaty tasting. Thank goodness I am no longer a pescetarian! 
Service is still a huge issue at this location. There are certain servers that are attentive and polite. Most come across as frazzled and unhappy. Working in the French Quarter can be a beating but if you're at work put a smile on your face. 
Overall, I like El Gato Negro. They definitely have room for much more improvement but they have improved enough over the years for me to add it to my rotation.  Plus, the pineapple cilantro margarita is quite...epic.We had a very good meal here.  The service was great and the food was excellent.  I was not in charge of picking s Mexican place to eat  in New Orleans but this one turned out to be a winner on all fronts.Coming from the land of Tex-Mex it really didn't occur to me to grab some margaritas while in New Orleans, but I am happy when friend made a suggestion.  As mentioned in a previous review my friend was getting married that weekend and he was feeling a bit nostalgic for a pineapple margarita from El Gato Negro.  Good thing, it was well worth the wait and cold to have it.  It was literally nothing I had ever tried before.  Sweet from pineapple fresh chunks and then spicy from jalapeno minced.  Absolutely divine, although very sweet.  Enjoy going back to El Gato Negro on a hot summer day to enjoy one soon.My meal was undercook which is an understandable problem.  The waitress asked if I would like the meal fixed which sounded great.  The management the came to my table and told me if I wanted the meal served correctly I would have to pay for the undercooked meal and pay again for the meal to be cooked properly.  A poor excuse for customer service.Food and service is very good. I especially like the tacos, burritos, and table side guacamole.Had some drinks, salsa and guacamole here after shopping at the French Market. I ordered a Pineapple, Cilantro, Lime margarita which was just okay would not ordered it again a little too tart for my taste. The salsa was really tasty with just the right amount of spice. They make the guacamole right at your table. It was simple but oh so good. I will like to try some other menu items next time I'm in NOLA.Looking for a place to wet our whistles, my family and I stopped in looking to have an authentic margarita.  Instead we received 3 watered down glasses of crushed ice with house tequila.  Maybe they didn't understand us when we asked for alcoholic margaritas in English, so I called the waitress back requested 3 new drinks en español.  It was a little better.  But I can honestly say I've had better.  I'm Puerto Rican...rum is my forte, but I think I can make a better margarita then this place.The food was alright, but the service was even worse. It's not my favorite to give bad reviews but with so many places to eat in the area I would say don't waste your time.With all of the good reviews I've heard about this place, I was excited for the chance to finally try it. Being a Saturday night, it was busy, so we asked if we could order drinks while we wait. The hostess said yes, go to the bar. Except there is no bar so we stood awkwardly in the way while servers brushed past us. We went back outside to wait out of the way, and then a server asked us if we wanted to order drinks while we waited. We placed our order and mine was incorrect (I ordered white sangria and she gave me red, which wasn't a big deal so I just drank it anyway - although it wasn't that great. Never tasted any alcohol). The other four girls in our group ordered margaritas, one a specialty. The server came back and handed us a bill, and we asked if we could add the drinks to our tab. She told us only if she was our server, otherwise we would have to close out with her. Understandable, but seeing as we were standing on a sidewalk holding large drinks, it was awkward to get out wallets (even if we had to pay her separately, couldn't we at least sit down at our table first?). She didn't ask if we wanted to pay together or separately, and when she came back we asked if that was possible. She said they usually don't do that but she would for us -- you're a restaurant in a touristy part of the city, why would you make it difficult to cater to groups? 
We figured out the drink bill and paid the server, and after waiting longer than the estimated time we were given, we finally sat down. This is where the real mess began.
First, it took our server a while to acknowledge us, and then we had to ask three times if we could have water. We were never asked if we wanted another drink (we were a bachelorette party with margaritas and you're not going to ask if we want another drink?), but considering the margaritas made three out of five of the girls sick, nobody was going to order an other one. One of us ordered guacamole, but when she saw it was $10, she decided to cancel it. We did order chips and salsa, but while we were eating off the appetizer plates, the server came back and snatched them from us WHILE WE WERE EATING OFF OF THEM -- as in I had a chip with salsa on it dripping onto the plate and he took them up from the table. He said he picked them up because we cancelled the guacamole order, but the plates were being eaten off of and we ordered food to split so what was the point of picking them up? It was very rude. We ordered chips and salsa which the menu said the first order was free, however, the amount of salsa they give us was barely enough for half the chips.
My friend was not feeling well and already angry at the service we were receiving so she told the server she didn't want anything. But when the food came out, he didn't cancel her order. Also, the food came out one plate at a time, which is very awkward in a group. One person brought each plate out at a time, and there was at least a few minutes between each plate. What kind of service is that? We all wanted to eat at the same time, obviously.
Additionally, I ordered a taco and asked for the extras. The menu listed "sour cream, pico de gallo, lettuce, etc." as $1 extra. All of that stuff for $1, no problem. Oh, no. The server told me EACH item is a $1 extra. So it is $1 to put lettuce on a taco? I can go to Wal-Mart and buy an entire head of lettuce for 99 cents. I ordered one taco and said I would only get the pico de gallo. The server's response was "You can just use the salsa," as in the left over salsa from our chips and salsa. WTF? I just accepted that it was a $1 charge for the pico and said I would add it to my order and that was his response?
Our server also never came back to check on us to ask if we needed anything else or if our food came out okay. We also had to ask a server who was not waiting on us for our check.
The sangria was mediocre, the margaritas made my friends sick, and the service was awful. The dining area is quite small and crowded, and we noticed a server asked a couple while they were eating to move to another table so they could move the table they were at to make room for other diners (should have thought of this before you seated them - so rude to ask someone to move in the middle of their meal). The quality of the food was okay. Not the best Mexican I've had, but not bad. If the service wasn't so lousy, I'd consider eating there again for something different in the Quarter, but I will never visit this location again. There are so many amazing places to eat in NOLA, don't waste your time on this place.Service was impeccable. We felt very welcomed and accommodated. I cannot have gluten, and was surprised to discover an entire menu to fit my needs. The food was absolutely delicious (grilled veggies are a must) and worth every penny, despite comparatively high prices. 10/10 would eat again.Only came in here for the margaritas and they were overpriced. When asked for salt, you not only get salt on the rim of your cup, but a little bit all around the cup. I had the blackberry margarita and it was pretty tasty. The wife had the blood of the devil and it was lacking in spicy flavor department. 
For dining in, the chips and salsa you get for free was too salty and garlicky. The atmosphere was nice and had a trendy feel to it. Clean place. Since it's right across from the French market it's a good place to stop and eat.ok minus the A.
Went here with a friend who LOVES this place.  We were seated right away and our server was really nice and prompt.  
But my food wasn't anything special at all.  The rice is cooked in chicken broth so not vegetarian friendly.  I asked if I could substitute something for it when ordering my food and the waiter said guacamole would be fine but then I was charged $2 on top on my $12 quesadilla which was more like a kids portion.  It wasn't bad it was just ok.  I wouldn't come back as I live here and there are much much better Mexican restaurants at much better prices around town.Yum yum yummm....such a great mexican place in the middle of new orleans! Highly recommend. I had the steak fajitas and the spicy margarita and couldn't have been happier with my selections. Everyone at the table raved about their dinner as well.Recommendations: burritos (filet mignon/pulled pork)
Quick & friendly service - waitress immediately moved us from the courtyard to indoor seating upon availability.New Orleans is not exactly a city which caters to the lovers of Mexican cuisine, but El Gato Negro breaks from the other wannabe Mexican cuisine here and provides a fantastic menu, off of which I've experienced as much as possible.
On another note, customer service is my thing and their servers are fantastic and obviously like dealing with customers, even the inebriated ones.  I recently was served by Sammy, who made my dining experience even more enjoyable, and I remembered why I love this city so much.  
Sammy graciously accommodated my dietary needs and was happy to make suggestions and even suggested the Cadillac Margarita, which was yummy and worked well with the meal that he had recommended.
He's adorable and I wanted to take him home with me so that he can feed me every day.Service was A1-Excellent!!! Friendly, Very Clean!!!!
I can't say enough about the appetizer "Stuffed Avocado" (more like an entree) it was filling. 
 My husband and I appreciate Mexican food, our favorite This dish was over the top.. I wish I could make this at home, it's that good! When & if we ever make it back to NO, This will be the 1st place I visit for that Wonderful "Stuffed Avocado"I sort of hate to do this, but I have to go with the minority on this one - while it's good it's far from the best Mexican that I have had. 
I'll start with the good: 
1. Excellent margaritas! The pineapple and cilantro one was about as kick-ass as a margarita can get. Not overly sweet, the right amount of good (OK, I went with the top shelf stuff) tequila, and plenty of fruit and cilantro in the mix. 
2. The table side guacamole - fresh with perfectly ripe avocados and a touch of jalapeno thrown in for good measure. Food-wise, that was the highlight of the meal. 
3. The fillet mignon taco was quite tasty. 
Now the not so hot: 
1. The pulled pork tamales were huge and full of pork but lacked flavor. 
2. Pork loin and cherizo fajitas - while the veggies were very good - nice slices of sizzled onion, peppers and tomato - the pork itself was dry and lacked flavor. The cherizo was of course more flavorful than the pork but still not the best that I have had. 
3. The salsa was a bit watery and sort of band. 
4. Important if you are with a group - no separate checks and no more than two credit cards per table. Therefore, if you are with a group of three at least one of you needs to have cash or your buddies will be flipping the bill for you. 
Note that this is a very small restaurant and you will probably have to wait for a  table. No separate lounge area - you just hang out wherever and wait for your table. Also tables are rather small and close together. Take these two pieces of information together and understand that someone waiting for a table may be standing very close to you while you enjoy your meal. Not a big deal for me but I am sure that some folks will have an understandable issue with this.The food here is underwhelming.  Nothing necessarily wrong with it. Just not seasoned and done authentically. 
However, the drinks here are on point! This is a place that you go to if you really enjoy tequila. Only reason I will ever go in here.God, I lurve this place.  I have never had a bad meal here.  From the fantastic tequila selection to the amazingly delicious and fresh food.
My favorites: pineapple cilantro margarita and the carrot margarita, make them top shelf.  They are rico suave!  I ordered the carrot margarita for myself and the hubs.  He wasn't paying attention to what I ordered, and about half way through he was like "what is this?".  
"A carrot margarita"
"Wow!  It's really good.  I'm glad I wasn't listening when you ordered it though!"
So, maybe it sounds a little strange, but it's mellowness and earthiness combined with just the slightest bit of tart, makes them so easy to drink...a few.
The food, oh the yummy food.  Filet tacos, chicken quesadillas, tamales, the queso with the chorizo... 
I haven't had any of the seafood dishes, the Drum with the crab sounds amazing.
The service here is always extremely friendly and timely.  I have really never had a bad experience, and I've eaten here many times over the years. While it's in a kind if touristy place, you don't get the touristy place kind of vibe.  You get treated like family here.
The courtyard in the back is my favorite place to sit. It's relatively quiet (aside from the music), and is the perfect, almost private, little spot to have a conversation, or just a quiet dinner. It is covered with christmas lights and only has around 4-5 tables.  Inside is smallish, but not too loud.  It's  decor is quirky, with paintings of fish, top shelf tequila bottles, Mexican art and deer heads. You dog is also welcome if you eat out front.  That is also a great people watching spot, as its across from the French market. 
This is one of my favorite girls night places, and it's not bad for date night either. We brought the munchkin tonight, and they are very accommodating with your little ones. The waitress offered to have them make her something off the menu, but alas, my gal is a very good little eater and I ordered her dinner off the regular menu.  
I highly recommend El Gato, it's one of my top 3 casual FQ restaurants.    I just wished they delivered (even if it's just in the FQ)!Best Mexican food I have had and have eaten a lot of it in California
Margarita was refreshing
Waitress was very pleasantAt the time of my visit and of writing this review, this location has close to 400 reviews giving it an overall rating of 4 stars. So you can imagine my excitement for some quality Mexican food near the French Quarter. However, after eating there, I can't figure out why it has such a high rating.
Simply put, the food is mediocre. I'm not sure there's even a single Mexican (or Hispanic) soul working in that restaurant. The chips and salsa came out first. The salsa was of a pureed consistency and extremely salty. I couldn't eat it.
I didn't have a big appetite and so I ordered an appetizer as my entree. I also made this clear to the waiter, but it was still brought out before the others' food and placed in the middle of the table. Oh well, not a huge deal. But here *was* my issue with it. I had ordered the Stuffed Hass Avocado. The description sounded great and I imaged, well, a stuffed avocado with a little bit of goodies overflowing out.
What I got was nothing within the description of a stuffed avocado. It was a drowned PIECE of avocado. I'm not even sure if I got a full half of the avocado let alone the entire avocado. Somewhere underneath a gallon of super-salty sauce was a pathetic piece of avocado. The shrimp in it was good. But again, it was just too salty. I couldn't eat much of it.
The tacos are okay but severely overpriced. The "daily catch" was an unnamed fish and not good at all. The margaritas were also okay. We noticed and laughed at the $225 margarita they have on the menu.
If you truly want good Mexican food, this just isn't the place regardless of its overall rating. I'm assuming with tons of tourists rating it, it got skewed somehow.Excellent meal!! The chips and salsa starter is wonderful. I ordered the salmon Merida, which was amazing!! My sons ordered chicken fajitas, and they loved it! My husband ordered chicken with mole sauce, which he also loved. The pinto beans were excellent and the veggies that came with the salmon and the fajitas were great! Highly recommend this place!!so small and crowded it was uncomfortable for our table of 5, but after 3 AMAZING pineapple margaritas, I didnt mind...but then the food came pretty late and everything was very very salty...AND it was my birthday and I can honestly say I didnt expect anything, but looking back over the past cough 21 cough years, there's always been a lil special treatment for tables with a birthday girl...but not tonight. I will give it another go tho, perhaps it just wasnt a good night for them.I really like El Gato Negro on Harrison. It's small,  but intimate and the staff are awesome. If you feel like springing for it,  ask for the El Jeffe Margarita. It's expensive,  but so worth it. They make it table side with all fresh ingredients. 
Ask about the Eggplant Oaxaca. It's not on the menu,  but it's great. Eggplant base with melted cheese,  vegetables and chicken on top. 
I love this place.Not the best Mexican food I've had, and the service was pathetic. Almost all of the Mexican food I've had in Texas is better.  The food prices were high for the area, and the drink prices were worse.The food was ok for me, my tastes are ....The fish taco was great but the brisket taco was more like roast beef and way too salty.  The tamale my son got was great as well   The  service was good 
The fact that they charge for lettuce is a little ridiculous but they seem pretty steady and they did add on to the restaurant and they have a small parking lot across the street.  C class Mexican restaurant.Fresh hot chips with house-made salsa, guacamole made table-side and a delicious tomatillo salsa started our meal. Then I ordered the best fish taco I have ever eaten. Tilapia (of which I am normally not a fan of this relatively flavorless fish) seasoned with sea salt, granulated onion, pepper and paparika (might be missing an ingredient or two) on  a house-made corn tortillas was the bomb. The margaritas, however, were ok. They said it was made with fresh-squeezed juices. However, they had the very sweet taste of being made with a mix. 
Nevertheless, if you're in NOLA and understandably pigging out on the delicious Cajun or Creole food, El Gato Negro is a very nice break. I highly recommend this place.Visited for dinner after long time since the restaurant was closed for renovations. It's much bigger and has spacious bar area. The decor remains loyal to the theme from when we started eating there. The drinks are good and mid to high priced for the area. We enjoyed the traditional chips and salsa adding the cheese dip which was to die for. The food was excellent especially the fish drum. The other dishes were fresh and everyone enjoyed them. The only complaint was the lack of dessert choices and had to order cheese extra for the dinner entrees. Also when it came to paying we asked to split evenly amongst all parties. We we're told we could only use 2 cards per ticket. Thank goodness I'd been to the bank for cash the day before so I was able to pay half with cash. I'd never seen that in all my eating out in New Orleans but it will likely restrict us visiting with more than one other party. Lastly they were training a lot of new people so it was confusing who was doing what.Drinks:
Mexican's obviously about margaritas so three words- Pineapple. Cadillac. Cruz. It was amaze! Not too weak. Not too sweet. Not too tart. 
Foodwise:
Shrimp fajitas- yum! Healthy portions & great flavor
Service:
Lacking. Like downgrade by two stars lacking... Hard to eat without place settings- which could've been quickly remedies had it not been for the infrequent check ins.
Unfortunately, poor service is the main thing keeping this place from truly shining. 
Comparison:
Juan's Flying Burrito is clearly continuing to dominate the Mexican market, but I might walk into this place if I lived nearby.I would rate it three and a half if I could, but the price kept it from getting a full four stars.  The guacamole was delicious indeed.  The avocados were perfectly ripe and the jalapenos added a very nice kick.  I got two tacos (at $3.75/piece) and then had to pay extra for cheese and pico.  The portions were great, though and next time I will just order one taco.  The refried beans were creamy and perfectly seasoned.  I will definitely go back again, but will order less food next time.I hadn't been to El Gato Negro in a while and had never been to the Lakeview location. So we decided to go since I used to love the pulled pork quesadillas. Well they've decided to change them and now they are nothing special. No more poblano peppers. Something else is missing but I'm not sure what. But what used to be something unique and flavorful is now just bland. The beans... Used to be great.. Now bland. I even used to like the rice but now it has some odd flavor. What a disappointment. :-(LOVE the ceviche and cheese and chorizo dip with tortillas. Both pretty decent size servings.After dining at the location in the Quarter and being somewhat impressed with the table-side construction of guacamole and the cheese enchiladas I had for lunch, my friend and I were sure the Lakeview location of El Gato Negro would be fine.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  The table side guacamole at the Quarter location wasn't anything that special.  It was $10 and I make better guacamole at home. Therefore, we decided against ordering it at the Lakeview location. To be honest, if we were to order it I have no earthly idea where they would prepare it because the two-tops were so close together, we basically made friends with our neighboring diners (as much as one can make friends with strangers in awkward restaurant seating placement).  The point is there was no way the server could have brought out  the cart, placed it adjacent to our table,  and performed the magic that is table-side guacamole construction.  We decided on the Queso which for me was a mistake.  I should have asked if there was chorizo in it or not but I didn't and was disappointed when I found hunks of meat in the cheese.
The restaurant is smaller than my first apartment in Uptown New Orleans.  The decor was nothing fancy and was pretty pathetic compared to the Quarter location.  While the location downtown is modern, warehouse/industrial, and sort of chic, the Lakeview location is a house (verging on a dump) with low ceilings and cramped tables in the dining room.  It also had that chaotic feeling some restaurants get for different reasons.
Onto the food.  My friend and I both had soft tacos..  She had 1 shrimp and 1 chicken while I had two shrimp tacos.  The tacos come with shrimp and a tortilla.  You must order whatever you want on them such as: tomatoes, lettuce, sour cream, etc.  Fine. Except the shrimp wasn't seasoned to my satisfaction, nor to my friend's.  She said the chicken was overly peppered and inedible.
To be honest, I really don't care if El Gato Negro gets their act together or not.  I won't be going back.  There are too many other (more fabulous) Mexican restaurants in our area that are less expensive and the food is way better than at that black cat's.
Side note - the service was wonderful.This is my FAVORITE restaurant here as far as Mexican food goes. Great friendly, fast service. Homemade guacamole is delicious and so worth it. My favorite is the chicken enchiladas. So good, cheesy and HUGE servings.When you walk into this place you automatically get hungry. It smells delicious. 
As you've read in the other reviews the margaritas are of course fantastic, we ordered the Devil (spicy) and the Pineapple, Cilantro and Lime Margaritas. Both were must haves. 
The queso fundido was ok. Its a little too velveeta cheese for me but my boyfriend liked it a lot. We ordered the bison burrito and the pulled pork tamales. Both were delicious and full of flavor. The tortilla of the burrito had a little sweetness which balanced out the burrito. 
The meal was great. It was a good neighborhood restaurant for a casual saturday night. The only not so great thing is that it is very loud.I always preferred the food at El Gato over the competition down the street and really looked forward to taking my whole family there one y'all expanded. We had two families with us and lots of kids. The hostess guessed the wait time, told us there was no where for us to stand and made us feel completely awkward. Needless to say we left and had a fabulous time at Velvet Cactus. They were very accommodating and friendly, even with our group of six kids! We won't be going back to El Gato Negro because we were basically shamed for bringing such a large group... mind you, they just expanded!!Great food, excellent ambiance, and fantastic service. I usually always get the aged skirt steak burrito but tonight I decided to try the mixed grill. It was outstanding. We will definitely be back in the near future!El Delicious
Wife and I decided to eat dinner here and I ordered the eggplant special which was tomato cream sauce with chicken pieces, mushrooms and shrimp topped with a grilled Mexican cheese over a special Mexican variety eggplant. It was outstanding. Wife got the beef Quesada and it too was delicious. Meat was tender and flavorful. We also order the table prepared guacamole which was perhaps the best I have had. Don't miss it.this location has some bad juju but el gato negro has the food to make it here.  the decor is a little lacking, the tables are small but the food is the shinning jem in this joint.
menu is pretty simple and easy to navigate
the chips and salsa were normal, salsa was decent
the ceviche was prepared table side and was delicious.
sangria was tasty
quasadilla's were huge. you only get 4 small peices for lunch with beans and rice, but they are over flowing with veggies and the shrimp dilla's had enough shrimp for a half a poboy.
i had the shredded chicken enchiladas and they were delicious and fresh.
all entrees came with re-fried beans and yellow rice, which was good.
all in all the service was good, the interior could use a little work but the food was excellent, in good portion size and came out fast.I absolutely love this place. If you are looking for a relaxing, feel good evening, this is the place to go. In my many visits to el gato, I've tried everything from the queso & guac, to the tacos, quesadillas, enchiladas, and flan dessert. The food is very good, and joined with the atmosphere, you feel right at home. But to be honest, the drinks are my favorite part. They have THE BEST pineapple cilantro margarita in the city. And it's made from scratch  The carrot margarita, interestingly enough, is also delicious. You can make any margarita you'd like, using any tequila you want. I definitely recommend checking this cute little place out!Is this place a joke? There was nothing Mexican at all about my salmon salad and my boyfriend's burrito was gelatinous and bland. The guacamole is the only reason this place gets two stars instead of one, but it will set you back TEN FREAKING DOLLARS. 
Honestly though, the most offensive thing about this place is the wall-to-wall carpeting. The restaurant looks more like a daycare center than a place to eat.The food definitely gets the highest marks! I had chicken tacos with rice and beans and, even though I was stuffed, I had to eat it all! The chicken tacos came with grilled chicken breast that was perfectly cooked and for an extra $1.75 I added chihuahua (sp?) cheese. Everyone else that I went with loved their dishes- the only complaint that they had was that the guacamole was a little bland. I, on the other hand, liked the guacamole and I don't even normally like guac! The queso dip was fabulous as well!
I love the location of the original restaurant, but this place is sooooo tiny! We waited a little over 1/2 hour and it was crowded, but I couldn't imagine how long we would have had to wait had there been more than a few groups ahead of us. Plus, when we went to grab a drink while we waited, I nearly knocked down several bottles of tequila because the bar was so cramped! The last sadness I had here was that there were no frozen margaritas-- just on the rocks :(Hmmm, I can't wait to eat El Gato Negro again. On a Saturday night, I don't know what my coworkers and I were thinking when we stopped at The Velvet Cactus without reservations - they were slammed. We still wanted Mexican so took our chance with El Gato and my, what a great choice. For one, we didn't have to wait that long. We called before we left VC and made reservations for 7.. As soon as we got there, we were seated! Love already.
For drinks, I ordered a pineapple cilantro margarita - and I have to say that it was soooo refreshing I had to order seconds! For those who like a different kick in flavors, try the pineapple cilantro margarita. I think we ordered a treo appetizer which name I don't remember but it was a sample of a couple different things. I liked the options; It reminds me of chain restaurants but with much much better quality. I proceeded to order two tacos - one shrimp and one chicken. with lettuce, cheese, and habanero sauce.. And I guess this is where I went wrong. I added WAY too much habanero sauce on my tacos and they were so spicy I think I took two bites out of each. I guess at that point I kind of felt like my appetite was ruined because I couldn't finish it :insert sad face: BUT, I know that the tacos were great. I had overall a great experience here in spite of my mishap. So I definitely look forward to coming back.. Especially for those margaritas!!Met friends here for dinner this week. They brought out chips and salsa to start - the salsa was great, but heavy on garlic. I had the special which was a red fish taco. Awesome. Completely hit the spot.Maybe I'm getting the wrong thing!? 
I keep trying this place hoping it will be better.  I got 2 filet tacos today. The salt rub was so overpowering that I couldn't even eat the meat.  The guacamole is delicious, and the salsa isn't so bad. The chips are basically tostidos which is a disappointment. Overall, it's just ok for me!I was kinda leery because of such mixed reviews on this place, but I have several friends that love it, so decided to try it. Damn it was good! Guacamole made table side was a nice touch and tasted great. I ordered the lobster claw quesadilla and really enjoyed it. Big ole hunks of lobster in it.  The beans and rice that came with it were just "okay" nothing to get too excited about. Husband had a chicken taco, lobster taco and chorizo taco and said they were all good. Service was great. I will definitely go again.Love this place !! Every time we come we find & try new things on their menu. This time I had the skirt steak fajitas it did not disappoint! If you ever in the Lakeview area you truly need to give EL GATO NEGRO a tryLove the extremely fresh margaritas!!! They are clearly the BEST IN THE CITY!!!!!
The food is by far the freshest and most authentic Mexican food other than the food I had in Mexico!!I brought my grandma for an early Mother's Day dinner. The food was great but the only bad thing was that two tables were seater after us and they got their food before us. It might have been a simple mistake but it shouldn't have happened.Stale chips and canned salsa aren't the best way to start a meal. The tables are WAY too close together and the food is decent but certainly not worth the price. $24 for beef fajitas? $5 per taco a la carte?I can usually tell how good the Mexican food will be by a restaurant's margarita and chips & salsa. The margarita tasted like it was from a mix and was too sour. Salsa was average at best. Food was the same. Also, tacos come out of the kitchen completely bare. If you want salsa on it, that costs extra. If you want cheese, extra. Lettuce, extra. 
The service was pretty good though. 
The upside- it is located close to the convention center where I was at a conference.Service was terrible,the chips tasted like they came out of a bag, the salsa was no better. Very small area for seating. They sat us next to the kitchen it was so loud I couldn't hear the people talking at my table. Oh and the first round of chips and salsa was free, if Yuri wanted and more you were charged.AMAZING NACHOS! I don't think I've had such good Mexican food before. The meat is cooked so well and the queso is divine. Anthony was our server and he was very nice and helpful, he was very polite. Anthony was kind enough to help my friend when he did request a different drink than he had gotten and brought him a new one with no problems. The food comes out very fast and is cooked so nicely. This is DEFINITELY worth trying. The food is so tasty and so fresh. The chips are very warm and the salsa is so delicious. The deserts are phenomenal, especially the mango guava cheesecake. I will be returning very soon.We went for the first time recently when a friend recommended it highly. AWESOME. We went twice in one week.
REALLY REALLY GOOD FOOD. The salmon salad was delish!Visited for a dinner last night. We had delicious margaritas. I had the special pineapple/mango and was the best one I've had so far, my bf had the carrot/ lime and was really good too. We had chips and salsa brought to us almost immediately. The service was great, but the food wasn't as we expected. I had the pulled pork quesadilla after reading in a few reviews that it was worth trying, well my tortilla was not grilled or warmed up or  anything;the pork tasted bad/ old. My bf had three tacos and one of them was with pork - same just not like pork should taste. Then for a small portion like mine and just pork cheese and a tortilla 12$ is a little overpriced.Xtra star because the guacamole was good. The Mole' was disgusting, sauce was watery and too savory. wasted  $16.00 on my dish, may go back.
Why put Mole on the menu if it isn't good? 
That chef got chopped.COMPLETELY AMAZING!! Keep up the amazing work guys!! Your servers are super fast and always smiling! I cant wait to come back for the guacamole!The food is fantastic, best Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the service is very poor. The Harrison location is my favorite but ever since they have reopened their staff has been exceptionally rude. Tonight we came and the wait was about 45 minutes but we waited because like stated above, the food is great. One person in our party was very hungry so we asked the hostess if we could kindly have some chips and salsa while we wait.. she looked at us blankly and said "where?" we kindly said anywhere but she refused to let us have any till we sat down at our table. This has been strike two since we've been back after the reopening and I hope that the service improves because I would hate stop visiting this great establishment.It's a super cute place and the people are really nice! But their queso is like the kind from the can....and it's yellow :/ no mintsThis restaurant has the best food!  It can get a little loud at times, but the food does not disappoint.  Margaritas are the best.I just ate at the Lakeview location. I don't think there is a parking lot, but got there early and found a street spot on Harrison. There was no wait when we arrived (5:45 pm) but 15 mins later the line was out the door.
Service was prompt and friendly, as our waitress was nice and attentive. 
The drink menu was extensive, but most drinks/ tequilas didn't have a price or description next to it. This made choosing a drink difficult because I didn't want to bother the waitress with asking prices and descriptions. So, we ordered the House Margarita. The House Margarita is a "seasonal" flavor of orange and lime. It was presented nicely in a large, glass margarita "goblet" but it's taste and potency was definitely lacking. Too sour (almost tasted like that oj you make from the frozen concentrate) and absolutely too little tequila. I really couldn't taste any at all to be honest. A disappointment at almost $8.00 a pop. 
The Pork Loin and Chorizo Fajitas ($17.00) were really good though. The pork was cooked perfectly and the veggies were awesome! Only came with 4 tortillas and cheese was an extra (.75) but was worth it. 
I would come back for food only...or just order a beer (better deal)!!Guacamole was delicious! I had shrimp quesadillas and my friend has the shrimp tacos and the shrimps were huge! The mojito was delicious, but not as strong as the pineapple margarita. I will definitely be going back.We had great service. The food was good, but not worth the price. I like Felipe's much better and they're about half the price.Had the Carne asada ...good.....order the special of the nite ....good....appetizer was very good(shrimp with mirliton)....service was very good, super attentive and well staffed.These guys just lost a long time customer today. We went at least 2-3 times a month before they closed for renovations. Went there today with my 11 year old son and sat on the patio. We were not given utensils and Napkins. We sat for 10 minutes before a waiter greeted us. We got our guacamole but had no chips, we waited for 45 minutes for our entrees which never came. My son said, wow maybe they should have hired more waiters when they added all these tables. My eleven year old figured it out, why can't they? Maybe they want to be more of a bar than a restaurant now. We led some money for our guacamole and left both feeling pretty sad that our old favorite place just isn't the same anymore. We felt invisible and were treated like we were a bother. They seem to also have a lot of staff just walking around and not really doing anything and without any urgency what so ever. It's a drag to lose a favorite place. We won't be going back to that location any team time soon.I had the lobster Claw taco it was wonderful  cooked preface also had a grilled shrimp taco it to was cooked perfect. Also enjoyed the VIP appetizer  a brisket bruschetta.  Everyone loved itHere is a very nice Mexican restaurant in an unexpected place, just on the edge of the French Market.  Widest selection of really superb margaritas that I have ever seen.  Food is well-prepared, with fresh ingredients.  Some vegetarian options, good seafood options.  This place feels like it is owner-operated, non-corporate, with engaged service and a light touch.  Gato Negro provides a pleasing alternative to the standard New Orleans heavy fare in the surrounding area.This post is regarding the Lakeview location. Going to dinner with a 7 month old is usually a challenge, but the servers and staff made it an enjoyable and easy evening. To start off with we asked for a table outside. They didn't have any available at the time but they managed to make a table for us because we had mentioned it was getting close to the baby's bed time. The food and drinks were great as always. To cap off the night we realized when we got home that we left the baby's full bottle on the table at the restaurant. When we went back to get the bottle they went the extra mile and put it in the fridge for us. Thanks for a wonderful evening. We will return soon.I recently had occasion to eat at both of a restaurant's locations:
El Gato Negro Mexican Restaurant 
300 Harrison Ave, New Orleans, LA 70124
And 
El Gato Negro Mexican Restaurant 
81 French Market Pl, New Orleans, LA 70116
I had the same dish, the seared salmon salad at both locations and the meal was equally delicious at both places.
At my first visit, I had the guacamole dip, made fresh at the table. Absolutely deelish!
At my second visit, I her the shrimp and merliton appetizer. Shrimp, merliton and mushrooms in a sweet sauce I hope they will bottle some day. I poured some of that sauce on my salmon salad...awesome addition. I might share my secret with the chef?
The atmosphere here is casual so you should not be concerned with getting all gussied up. With the party that will be going on in your mouth, I don't think anyone is paying attention to anyone else's attire. The place has a nice 'family' feel.
Lisa, my server, was exquisitely happy and had a warm and pleasant smile.
I have had the occasion to visit this restaurant in the past and cannot recall ever having a bad meal. I have also been a fan of the owner, Johhny, for quite some time and can attest to his dedication to his art. 
I will definitely continue to visit this restaurant. My taste buds do compel me!Amazing food!!! Super authentic!!!! Def something for everybody!!!! Weather you're trying to be healthy or not so healthy haha!!!! And the margaritas are the best in the city!!!! Made with muddled fruit!!!!! My personal fave- Strawberry Vanilla Marg! :))Joseph our waiter was awesome! Helped with all of our questions. And the food was authentic with wonderful flavors. I recommend the blood of devil margaritas if your looking for a little spice. We order the queso with chirzo and split the mixed grill platter.The food is good but being charged for chips and salsa is lame. Too loud to carry on a conversation. Prefer the other Lakeview Mexican restaurant. You can purchase nachos that have everything except the kitchen sink at the other area Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere there is calm and relaxing. However, at the El Gato Negro, table side guacomole cost ad much as the nachos at the other place, not that much guacamole anyway. Overall, I highly, highly, do not recommend this place. If you want mexican food, drive less than a mile down the road. 
P.S. Example: El Rey Margarita- $225 (no joke)Hands down my favorite Mexican place in New Orleans. Have been coming to the Metairie location for about 5 years now and have never been disappointed. Love the newly renovated courtyard and bar area, absolutely beautiful and spacious. The tableside guacamole is always fresh and hands down the best restaurant guac I've had. Their drinks are always great too, although I had the red sangria this time and it seemed a bit off, more tart and not quite as flavorful as I remember, but the bartender was quick to sweeten it for me and made sure I was satisfied! I ordered the same thing I've always ordered bc it's one of my favorite restaurant dishes on the planet...the cheese stuffed poblano pepper topped with a creamy sauce and roasted veggies. Complete with house made corn tortillas which are fantastic. Friend had a stuffed avocado topped with the same delicious sauce as my poblano pepper but with plump shrimp on top! So good!! We were seated quickly and staff was wonderful to us. Can't wait to come back!One of our favorite Lakeview spots. Some of the best Mexican Food in NOLA. They come to your table and make fresh guacamole to order. Everything on the menu is great, but my personal favorite is the chicken enchiladas. Very good margaritas also.I have been a regular here for about a year and for good reason. The food quality is excellent and the drinks are amazing. Anthony is my usual waiter , has always given great service and always remembers what I like to drink. Kelly always greets us at the door with a smile by name. Great place great food . Can't  say enough good things about this place! The chorizo is delicious!The food is so good, and they do not skimp on the shrimp! Great environment, they make thier own seasoning which is SO good! Go here! You will have leftovers and be satisfied.This place is pretty good. I'm a big fan of their guacamole, its one of my favorites around. The appetizer size is really big, almost too big for 2 people (almost). You can order a side of it for a smaller portion if you are the only guac lover at your table. The food is very fresh and they have a variety of meats on their menu so you can get filet minon tacos or bison nachos, fish, veggies, whatever your thing is! FYI, The burritos are bigger than Kayne West's ego so plan on splitting or having a to go box.The food and drinks are fantastic.  Very refreshing to have authentic, fresh, Mexican food.  Don't even waste your time going down the road to the "other" Mexican joint.  NO ONE can't come close to El Gato Negro.Excellent food. Tremendous portions. Great value. Fantastic margarita/tequila menu. Service was efficient and friendly. (Caroline rocks!) Will definitely be back. "Like" them on Facebook for deals.Worth a try.
The menu is limited.  
The food was good, not great.  
Service was great.  
Slightly overpriced overall.
Pretty small place.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait.Mmmmm. I believe this is one of the very few Mexican restaurants that I actually enjoy. I've never really had good original Mexican food until this place (and a few others). Usually, I've been to pretty standard places that just become blah after awhile. This place is not one of them!
First, I LOVE their fresh corn tortilla, especially that you can actually see corn in them. I've had the shrimp fajita plate which is huge and so worth it! Jumbo shrimp! I've also had chorizo sausage taco, lobster taco, and their avocados. Everything tastes amazing and delicious. 
I will definitely be back!First time here and it will be really hard to go to any other Mexican restaurant in town. The atmosphere was so cool and the food was even better! I got a skirt steak quesadilla and the boyfriend got a chicken burrito with the best quest ever drizzled on top. OH and most incredible margarita I've ever had! The service was super fast and the entire staff was so polite. It is street parking but luckily the area is not too crazy when it comes to traffic. Will definitely be back!Their check in offer for a $7.75 top shelf tequila margarita is a COMPLETE JOKE! When I got my bill, I was charged $8.75, which, if I remember the menu correctly, is the regular price of their margaritas. I know it's only a dollar, but it's the principal of the matter. After questioning my waitress, she said that the check in offer on yelp wasn't updated to the newer $8.75 price. ***NEWSFLASH: IT'S NOT A YELP OFFER IF YOU'RE CHARGING THE PERSON THE SAME PRICE AS YOU WOULD NORMALLY WHETHER THEY CHECK-IN ON YELP OR NOT.*** Either she didn't know what she was doing, or it's the business's mistake. Either way, I felt like they should have honored the $7.75 price since I had it there on my phone. It wasn't like I was making it up. Bad customer service on her part. 
One piece of my filet mignon quesadilla was still mooing when it came out as well; otherwise, my food was good. The overcharged margarita I got was also delicious. However, as I said earlier, I was disappointed that they didn't honor their Yelp check-in offer. 
As far as the decor and location: low ceilings making this place feel more cramped than it already is. Oh and you have to park on the street.Really great food. We went to check out the renovations that kept us away from the margaritas for so long and were left confused. The lay out is odd and the service was awfully slow. You still sit right on top the table next you but the food is just as good if not better. I might stop in for drinks but for a dinner I'd check out one of the other locations.Absolutely perfect experience!  Food was delicious--stuffed avocado and the grilled chorizo with cheese and tomato.  The service was excellent!  Can't wait to returnI LOVE the food at EL Gato, but the Harrison restaurant is very small and the acoustics are terrible. Not the best venue for trying to visit, but they have my favorite fajitas in the city.I've heard such great things about this place and could not wait to try it..it definitely did not disappoint, and surpassed any expectation I had...from the guacamole made table side to the entree, it was incredible!!  I was planning to order the pulled pork tamales, I mis ordered my food and had a pork taco.  While I have to admit, I was disappointed that a taco came in the tamale place, one bite and I knew it was the right choice.  The portions are a good size and everyone at our table loved the food.  Definitely will go back!!!Best Lunch Ever!
I spotted El Gato Negro a couple of weeks ago on my way to Nola Beans.  What a great surprise to see this location!
Parking is good and easy to get to, located between Lakeshore Drive and Canal.  They do close between lunch and dinner, unlike the French Market location, so take note from 2-5PM, the door is locked.
The chips are salty, flour chips that are sturdy enough to handle the thick, chunky sauce.  Try not to eat too many, as the salsa is pretty addictive.  So many margaritas, so little time.  Juan (the owner) knows tequila, trust.  The tequila selection is not just impressive, it's informative, explaining the different types.  Learning can be fun!  So, the traditional house margarita is the orange lime, which is tasty....even if you don't have an adventurous palate, you will enjoy this quality beverage delicately capitalizing on the tartness of the lime and sweetness of the orange.  Perfection.  Or so I thought.  I ordered the carrot lime based on a memory of my mom making carrot and apple juice for me as a kid.  A carrot lime margarita may sound weird, but it's not.  Like the orange lime, sweet and tart flavors combine for a blend of a juicy, thirst quenching beverage.  Try it.
Food.  I don't like guacamole.  Sorry, but it does nothing for me.  John, personable, cute young waiter made our guacamole table side and made it look easy.  My date enjoyed thoroughly.  I tried it and didn't like it, but I hate avocados, so I'm not the best judge of guac.  My date had tacos, which are available in wheat, corn or flour - that is a nice touch and tells you that the details matter here.  She thoroughly enjoyed each one and was able to select the toppings without paying per topping.
The menu isn't extensive, but I like that.  Selection doesn't make or break a place for me; personally, I don't want to read through a phone book sized menu.  I went with Juanito's burrito, which was excellent.  It was a tortilla fully stuffed with rice, beans, meat (I chose pork), cheese and chorizo salsa.  It was hugged by a scoop of sour cream and a scoop of guacamole.  Loved it!  It was filling and I'm glad I ate every single morsel.  This is real Mexican food.  It's local and the recipes are authentic.  It's not commercial, mass produced Mexican food.  It's that's what you like, El Gato Negro is not for you.  This is GOOD food!!!  
This place has GREAT service.  My guest and I slipped in for a late lunch and finished up after three.  We were welcomed from the minute we stepped in and were well attended throughout our meal.  I was able to take advantage of my check in offer and upgrade my margarita for the price of the regular margarita.  Here is where the great service kicks in; remember, we slid in about 20-30 minutes before closing.  The check in offer applies to any margarita, however, my server decided to double check before taking my order...no problem, I don't like a surprise with my bill at the end of the meal.  Little did I know she was consulting with the owner, who confirmed that it applied to any margarita, he recommended the tequila, a reposada, which we loved.  We finished up our meal around 3, which is when the restaurant is technically closed.  No one said anything or made overt gestures indicating that we wore out our welcome.  We closed out our bill and were told to stay as long as we liked.  Nice.  Then, it got better.  Juan walks by and said, "y'all still here?  hope you like wine, we're about to do a wine tasting".  Behind him were a couple of employees and a wine distributor.  So, they poured us a flight of five wines that he is considering adding to the menu.  How cool is that?!
Even if the wine tasting had never happened, I would definitely give this place five stars based on the quality of food, service and the fact that we were not rushed to finish our meal.  Nothing was bad about this place.  
Meow, Gato Negro...Meow!Full disclosure: I'm half Mexican. But I can acknowledge good food even if it claims to be Mexican yet is more white-washed. However, El Gato Negro is nothing to write home about. The menu has a section on it where the founder Juan tells a small story about his parents immigrating to the States and wanting to bring authentic Mexican food to the people here. He could do better. 
I ordered the chicken enchiladas, my father ordered two pork tacos and a steak taco, and my sister ordered two steak tacos. One steak taco was $5.75...and that's just the taco!! For sour cream, cheese, pico de gallo, etc...another dollar each! My father asked for some limes and cilantro - and they charged 75 cents each! I understand that this is a business, and they have to make money. But 75 cents for not even one full lime? Come on. My enchiladas were slathered in cheese and had a dry, flavorless sauce. If sauce is what you want to call it. 
Maybe there are other dishes on the menu that were better than what we got, but the prices are outrageous. Two stars for our upbeat server. Even if he did forget to give us utensils.New building but same old poor quality food.  The tables are so close together that the wait staff have to stand behind you to ask for your order.  The wait staff is the only good thing here.  The margaritas are weak.  I had hopes that they would get a better kitchen, but no.
For what you get, it is WAY too expensive.  You want good Tex-Mex in New Orleans, go to La Mansion in the Riverbend area.HOLY LOADED TACOS, BATMAN!   Got a fish, chicken, and pulled pork taco..and those babies were loaded with MEAT!  Pretty tasty.. The only drawback was that you have to order extra pico, sour cream, lettuce...separately..  We also had beans and rice.. and the beans had a really burnt taste.. What was SUPER yummy was the table-side-made guac.  YUM YUM!  This place is definitely better than Carretta's!  Hopefully the beans won't be burned next time!I haven't been here since it remodeled and have only been here once before. I was greeted by two people at the door and offered three seating options - indoor, outdoor, or at the bar. 
The server immediately gave us a basket of chips and salsa. The salsa was a bit salty for my taste. I ordered a shrimp quesadilla that came with sour cream, rice and beans. The portion size was good and the shrimp was well cooked. We also ordered a steak burrito that was covered in some type of meat sauce. The food was good, but not memorable and a bit pricey for the value. However, the service was very good.
On a side note, they offer a $225 margarita.The food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable. The table side guacamole is definitely worth it.I ordered steak fajitas and got Brought a NY Strip atop some veggies with a side of tortillas. This wasn't fajitas, this was a steak. I love it.
As much as the black cat did impress me with surprises like that, it was a bit pricey even for its high quality.First time back to EL GATO since reopening. Looks great inside. Was very happy to see all the familiar faces. Anthony was our server and as usual he ROCKS! Restaurant was mostly full and he did a great job staying on top of our table. Since I live on the Northshore, I only get to El Gato on rare occasions but I can't wait to get back. Nice recommendation on the Watermelon margarita....it hit the spot. See ya soon!This place was OK. We paid a lot of money for that. The food ok and drinks ok. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the service. Great service.Decided to stop in for lunch and grab a fajita plate. I almost asked for a new table since the hostess sat us directly at the kitchen window and doors. The menu was interesting but way overpriced. The combo fajitas jump from $25 to $35, so you figure it's significantly more food and while we didn't need more to fill us for lunch... it was a dinner entree. My wife's mojito was excellent but my beer came with a giant lime and no glass. Your either a $30/plate establishment or you're NOT. The entire time they were working on inventory at the table behind us, employees ordered pizza at our table on a cell phone, I even know who's working what section for the next full week. Dishes clanking, employees yelling for each other and scraping of plates being bussed from tables, were the highlights of our meal. After finding a different waiter... we were able to get some extra napkins and water. Salsa and chips are one serving only. Food was good and we actually had nothing leftover... a first for us! Lol The service and atmosphere was horrific and we will never be back.It all began when the table busser knocked over my beer. I didn't make a fuss about it because I understand it was an accident and didn't want to embarrass him further. He got me another beer and we called it even.
I ordered the pulled pork quesadillas. The waitress offered to add sour cream and guacamole to help compensate for her busser's mistake and I gladly accepted. 
The quesadillas weren't special or noteworthy. But I didn't receive guacamole or sour cream with it. Not wanting to make a big deal, I let it slide and finished my meal. 
The end is where things turned very bad for this restaurant. I was charged for the second beer after the first one was spilled on me. I was also charged something close to $3.00 for guacamole and sour cream that I never received. 
It was easy to get the guacamole and sour cream removed from the ticket, but convincing the waitress that the busser offered to pay for the second beer was difficult. After the busser finally confirmed that this was our deal, she finally corrected the ticket. 
The food was not fairly priced for the quality. Checks are not split here, so be prepared to do some math if you're not paying together. It didn't seem like the staff had their ducks in order. Overall, it could've been so much better.I hate to give this restaurant 1 star because some of the food was great, but the service was inexcusable.  For a girl's night, 3 friends and I went to this Lakeview location.  We ordered drinks, 3 of which came quickly, and one that had to be asked for 20 minutes later.  No apology,..nothing.  And when it finally did come, it was only alcohol tasting and the waitress, Kelli, didn't even ask how to make it better until one of us suggested extra juice.  The guacamole was amazing, and the mixed grill entrée is enough for 2 people, great flavor.  However,  when it came time to pay, we put the total for each card, which would have been easy to run.  The waitress gave us a look of disgust, rudely said "only two cards allowed!" and turned and walked away.  We figured it out, but she didn't even offer to try to resolve the problem.   I have no issue with paying on 2 cards, but don't be rude about it.   My friend went to ask if she could get a different drink because she couldn't drink it, and the bartender was great in replacing it.  While he was making it, the waitress went over to the bartender IN FRONT OF MY FRIEND and said "make sure to put it in a to go cup.  she is leaving."  Well, we weren't leaving right away, and again, very rude.  
I may try again since some of the food was appetizing, but I more than likely won't because we all found the service completely untenable due to the waitress' attitude.  So...perhaps get to go food, but don't go for the service!Excited to hear that El Gato opened up in Lakeview, I decided to get have a Fiesta Birthday with the family after an afternoon of golf.  Hearing so many great things the expectation bar was pretty high.  Mostly because of the service, they did not deliver.  
Some lowlights...The place was hot!!  Food was pricey for what it is.  Kid options are lacking. 
Highlights...Guac!Good food and drinks. Love the table-side guacamole.The food at El Gato Negro was pretty good. The place is quite small and if you're there in a big group the space is extremely tight. The atmosphere could be much better, the numerous tequila bottles and shot glasses make the place feel a bit cheap, when it really isnt for mexican food. Overall, its better than most mexican restaurants in New Orleans but nothing amazing.The mere thought this restaurant is hyped the way it is blows my mind! 
To start: you receive a free chips and salsa, but the 2nd is $4. The chips are definitely from a bag and go well with the canned salsa. 
I ordered 2 tacos that totaled a whopping $18! Why so much? Depending on the taco (beef, chicken, steak, etc) the price for a tortilla and choice of meat is $3.75 - $5.75. If you want sour cream, tomatoes or pico it $1.00 each. If you'd like cheese or a few other things it's $1.75 each. My wife ordered the chicken enchiladas and they were bland and dry. To drink I had a $3 bottled coke (no refills), my wife had unsweetened tea with a rubbing alcohol after taste. Needless to say, we won't be returning. Rather, we'll drive to our favorite spot The Velvet Cactus less than 1/2 mile East for better food, atmosphere, and free refills.It's a must go every time I visit New Orleans.  Usually not known for their Mexican food but I haven't found any better anywhere.  Ceviche is a must order appetizer with sashimi grade tuna mixed in with a guacamole mix.  Unreal!It looks like El Gato Negro in Lakeview has worked out their kinks and I could not be happier! I was obviously being dramatic when I said I would never go back because I did and it was great - food was good, service was good, everything was good! It's pricey, but it's worth it - it is the best Mexican food in the city in my opinion. :)Why are the tables SO close together?  Couldn't breathe. Didn't care to hear everyone's conversations in my ears & it's annoying to have to move my seat & be brushed up against every 2 seconds as the waiters pass. The other location is nice, but they need to take tables out of this place & make space.  A renovation overall is in store for this old house.Very small food menu.  Prices seem on the high side... especially for lunch.  Cheapest items were the chicken enchiladas and the tamales.  I had the chicken enchiladas, around 11 bucks, and thought it was some of the better mexican food I've had in the New Orleans area.  Once again, it was good for this area.  I don't see myself going back due to the prices for average tasting mexican food.Tip: the first round of chips and salsa is on them and it's $2.00 per serving after. Now, the eating area is really congested. There's very little room to move around and it seems like there's only 3 servers for 21-25 people. There's virtually 2 parking spots in front of the restaurant, therefore, you will have to park in front of someone house after that. The fish taco was really really good. I would have gotten more of those if I would have known how great they would be. The beef burrito is really good as well but seems like they scaled down on the meat portion of that dish hence filet mignon.  They have a slight different take on the Enchiladas and it's hard to describe (sorry). Overall, I will come back.Food is a little pricey for what it is, and every time I call they tell me they can't do to go orders. At one time I love El Gato's margaritas but now I feel like there's barely any alcohol in them and the taste isn't what it used to be. They're also pretty high priced for a drink that likely won't even give you a buzzA short walk from our house..makes this place even better!
Food, drinks, service are all great!
We love the table side guacamole with extra jalapeño.  The tuna tartare is also very fresh.
Sizzling Jumbo Shrimp Fajita is enough for both my husband and I.  We love the veggies that accompany the sizzling plate.  The shrimp is indeed JUMBO in size.
Overall, a great dinner place for drinks as well.Food was delicious! Drink menu is pretty huge as well and the margaritas are fresh made! Some of the prices seemed a little high on the main entree stuff and the tacosRecently ate at El Gato Negro and was VERY impressed! The queso was awesome, and my meal, shrimp quesadillas were phenomenal. Service was exceptional, and the atmosphere was awesome! The outdoor patio was a great place to have lunch, especially on such a beautiful day. I would definitely make a trip to NOLA for this food again! 5-stars, for sure!My first trip there on a Monday night. The bar was a disaster while we waited for our table. After ordering a glass of wine and a vodka on the rocks, it took 15 minutes for us to get the drinks while the bartender muddled stuff and strained and measured everything for 4 fancy drinks. Now 6 other people are waiting to order while all this is going on. You could feel the steam in the room. We get seated and had attention quickly. Ordered 2 glasses of wine and things were looking up. Ordered only entrees and waited. Seemed a little long wait but not too bad. Food is dropped off but no set ups. No one around. Finally as things are getting cold we tell the waiter. He disappears. Nothing. Then a new person comes from nowhere with the tools. We eat finally and the food was good. To bad it was ruined by the service experience. If the owner is the manager he should fire himself/herself and hire a good one. I can't imagine the mayhem on a weekend.If this place had more seating it would be 5 star all the way. I love their Taco's! Ask for a side of Mushroom Chipotle Gravy and be wowed! The service is always friendly and parking is on street.Steak burrito is awesome, service is on point would give 5 stars, but the house margarita was a bit disappointing/tasted like cheap sour mix. They have a rediculous ultra premium margarita on the menu that costs $250. I guess that's the one Trump would order.Truly authentic Mexican cuisine. I love the filet mignon tacos. And their table side guacamole is the best I've ever had in my whole life. Seriously, it's magical. My tastebuds rejoice with each bite. That being said, their tortilla chips could be better.We usually go to the one in the quarter, but wanted to go for a drive.  This location is just as good, just not as charming (suburban building with 8' ceilings,) not that you care about that when you're on a quest for good Mexican food anyway- it just feels a little closed in.  I had the Cancun Snapper served with (2) jumbo shrimp and a creamy pico de gallo, tequila and garlic butter sauce with rice and beans.  James had the Chorizo quesadillas.  Both were wonderful as usual- I couldn't detect a difference in the quality of the food between either locations.  We've eaten at the quarter location on numerous occasions and it's consistently very good.  Also, try the El Gato Negro dip for an appetizer and the Mixed Grill for an entree- those are excellent as well.I came here last night for Happy Hour with a friend.  We got some great margaritas.  Great service by Ian!  Can't wait to go back next Wednesday!!!If you are in lakeview there is no reason to eat anywhere else for Mexican cravings. Heck unless you are in the quarter (because they have another location there) there is no other place in the city to eat Mexican.  
The salsa is perfectly spicy and has a bit of garlic to it.  No ketchupy salsa here.  The chips are fresh, not greasy and come in black, orange, and normal corn colors.  The first round of chips and salsa is on the house, the next will cost you next to nothing but there is no reason to fill up on them when an excellent meal awaits!.  The margies are made from fresh squeezed juice and if you haven't had their pineapple cilantro one, its something you need in your life.  
The food.. I had a quesadilla and it was STELLAR!  The tortillas were made fresh and it wasn't covered with sloppy guac or sour cream (which I personally prefer because i don't like either).  It comes with a side of smoky super flavorful refried beans and yellow rice with corn. What I love about the quesadillas is they are stuffed FULL and you get a choice of filet mignon (thats right filet not skirt steak), chicken which is a flavorful almost stewed like spicy chicken, pulled, pork and I think they have shrimp all for the same price ($10).. how about that!  It came with 4 good size pieces and I could only eat 2 and I split some because they were so stuffed with meat.  I had the filet and it was amazing, the steak was perfectly cooked (med/med rare), flavorful and just melted in your mouth.
Food was a bit slow to come out but we were the first people there, after us it seemed to come out quick and the service was very friendly and attentive.  Don't forget t check in on Yelp to get Specials!
It was seriously one of the best Mexican foods meals in my life.  Matthew was right on the decor, it's a small house with small tables but I couldn't care less.. the food takes you to another level.  After reading the hit and miss reviews on the Velvet Cactus, decor does not make the place and I am glad I went here instead of there.  Here's to hoping it closes and El Gato Negro moves in its bigger spot!!!!
Thank you for coming to Lakeview so that I don't have to brave the quarter to enjoy your awesome food.
**Oh I forgot to mention how nice they were to my child.  They dressed up the limeade with a cherry and lime slice and cool bright straw. I am putting this place on my kid friendly listWent here for lunch today, had three tacos (chorizo, chicken, and vegetable) and a Pineapple & Cilantro Marg. Delicious! The chorizo was not greasy at all, chicken was cooked to perfection, the vegetables had a nice char to them. 
This place is not cheap, it's not Taco Bell , but I'm fine with that!When I found out there was an El Gato Negro in Lakeview (not far from my house), only one word came to mind: Margaritas.
Since finding out on Sunday, I have already been there twice. Sunday and Wednesday.
I'm a fan of the quesadillas and the tacos. I love the steak. Perfectly cooked filet mignon.
And the margaritas are to DIE for. YUMZ! Also, I hear the sangria ain't to shabby neither!This is one of those restaurants where you automatically plan to go back once you've tasted your meal because there are so many other things on the menu you want to try! I had the pineapple & cilantro margarita, which was quite tasty, and the buffalo quesadilla - very, very good. My husband had the veggie taco, and of course we had to share an order of table-side guacamole. Everything was delicious!We were here on a busy Fri Night Cinco de Mayo and Jazzfest. Food was excellent as was the service by James our waiter for our large party of 7. We had made an Open Table reservation in advance which was then cancelled because of Cinco de Mayo. One of our party called to question and was told the reason why. The manager Nhu Trung then emailed a week later to honor the reservation. Excellent customer service and dining experience. Would come here any time we are in New OrleansLove this place & its location!! Food is consistently good, service friendly, parking easy. Tried the chicken enchiladas tonight & tasted the pulled pork burrito.  Both outstanding. Had the combo plate last time & took half home for the next day. Also appreciate the complimentary warm tortilla chips and salsa.  Can't go wrong here!!My husband and I decided to go here on a whim, try something different for a change. We wanted something affordable, near City Park for Celebration at the Oaks, and something different from our regular fare. To say that we were completely underwhelmed is an understatement. After finding a parking spot and crossing the street,  I thought, we made a good choice since the smells outside were yummy and enticing. WRONG!! Maybe those smells were coming from one of the residential homes in the area; the food we got was no where near as appetizing. The only thing positive about our experience was that the hostess was prompt in seating us and was quite courteous.
The complimentary chips and salsa were just ok. Our waiter asked what we'd like to drink but never offered to tell us about the specials. We didn't hear or know about them until he told a couple sitting two tables (more like 2 yards) away. Anyway, I'm glad we brought food for our 16-month old because there was no kids' menu and what I did give him from my plate was so outrageously spiced, he gave me a look of sheer disbelief while holding the sides of his face!! Thankfully we had a sippy cup of milk with us to extinguish the burn. My husband ordered the combo plate which consisted of a tamale, a quesadilla, 2 enchiladas, beans, rice and dollop of guacamole. I ordered the skirt steak burrito which also came on a bed of beans and rice. The burrito....whoa......no bueno.....it looked unlike any burrito I've ever had before. Smothered in a super spicy tomato sauce (salsa?????) and squished almost completely flat. Or now that I think about it, it looked like they used the wrong size tortilla and tried to fudge it by covering it with that awful sauce. I've never had my palate blown out with the first bite.....until tonight. I gave it the benefit of the doubt because I'm more sensitive to seasoning since pregnancy but this would just not quit. It seemed like EVERYTHING was too spicy. The beans, the rice and that salsa/sauce. I was tempted to send it back but I didn't want to be bothered or risk it returning with a "hidden ingredient". The steak was actually good despite being encased in obnoxiousness. There also was barely any cheese which probably would have helped to cut the spice. The only thing that saved me was the sour cream and the guacamole. 
Thankfully, our night here was coming to an end. Since we were going to City Park afterwards, I decided it would be a good idea to use the rest room before we left. Another not so good idea. The ladies' restroom is fruit fly central. So gross!! I was kamikazed by at least 4!! Not something I need while trying to hover.
By the time I had returned, our waiter had come back with the check. My husband was already with his bank card so that we could leave all the quicker. "You want me to split the check?" UH,WHY?!?! ....No, dear!!! My husband and I don't make a habit of going to dinner together but paying separate checks. And you certainly didn't earn a huge tip so don't even try to get anything extra out of it!!
My advice: Go to Juan's Flying Burrito instead. At least there you'll be able to taste your food and not get bowled over by over-spiced, underwhelming food and inept service.So here at el gato negro on Harrison! I love it. It reminds me of being home on a beautiful island in the sun. The decor is so authentic and the bartender Laura is awesome and so talented at bartending and mixology. She knows her tequila well and makes a drink that will take your tastebuds on a vacation to paradise. I'm a avid food and drink tester and super critical wherever I go, I have to say even the food I've had here last visit was phenomenal. I would recommend this place to all my friends!If it's not broken, then for God's sake, don't try and fix it.
I don't remember what rating I gave the downtown location, but I am pretty sure it was 4-5 stars.  Same menu as downtown and, again, this really is the best south of the border food in the city.  I brought my mom in here (Lakeview local) a couple of days ago and the first words out of here mouth were: "wow! this is expensive..."
HOWEVER
That was followed up with:
"this is the best margarita I have ever had" -top shelf, house blend
"OMG, they make the guacamole at our table!?! ...it's amazing!!" -table-side guac
"I have never had fajitas with such good steak... best ever!!" -shrimp and steak fajitas
Then I had to listen to my mom talk for 30 min about everything under the sun because she was so excited about the quality of the food -but thats par for mom.
Great meal.  Thanks JaunI was pretty shocked to find this location in Lakeview, I was beyond excited to try. I was definitely not disappointed. It looks like a little house so make sure to pay attention when looking for this location because you can definitely miss it if not careful.
Great service, the waitress was wonderful and helpful and shared some great tips on the menu and had a way of saying "lobster" that made you just want to order one full plate of just that. I went with a Steak quesadilla plate which came with a wonderful rice. It was yummy. The cheese was just right as well as the steak it was filly and not just a small little piece on each slice of quesadilla. You won't go wrong with this choice.
For appetizer we went with the Chips and Salsa, let me just say this: I'm beyond particular about my chips and these were great and fresh! The salsa was great and not to spicy which I definitely was excited about.
If you order a glass of Sangria, it comes in a huge glass, you definitely get more bang for the buck with this drink decision. Very yummy. 
I will definitely go back to this place. Great place for intimate dates.One of our go to places for Mexican. The restaurant updated is now much nicer, cleaner, more open feeling.  The food is always good and margaritas are fresh. They always have a lot of new staff but always good. We usually split the lobster fajitas and that's just enough food for two people.  Table side Guacamole is the best around!! I also love their ceviche. 
It can be cold sometimes in a restaurant and I never say that! Parking is more convenient with the lot across the street. We like going early for Sunday lunch, never any complaints.Portions are GINORMOus!! Food is GREAT!  We had the steak and shrimp fajita, pork and steak tacos, stuffed pepper.  Friendly staff. Give it a try, can't go wrong.I was in Lakeview and craving a burrito big time when a friend suggested we head to El Gato Negro.
It was lunchtime, and although it was about one there was no crowd and we were seated immediately. First of all, this menu is amazing. They have a wide variety of choices (including fajitas!) but I had my mind set on that burrito and I decided to get my burrito with pork.
As we waited, I dug into the bowl of chips and salsa that were given to us as a free munch. The chips were amazing and tasted warm and fresh. The salsa was pretty light with not too much spice to it, although there are a couple of hot sauces on the table, if you want to spice things up.
My burrito came out and WOW. Not only was it huge, but it was topped with salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Along with generous amounts of pork, this beauty was stuffed with onions, beans, rice and cheese. The burrito had a lot of flavor and was beyond delicious. You could really taste all of the fresh ingredients that went into making this meal. I must have been really hungry, because I finished all but about 2 bites of this thing. It was out of this world.
I will definitely return to El Gato Negro. Between the food, the friendly waiter and the atmosphere, I am a fan.We waited to go after the evening rush but ended up being too close to closing time.  It was active when we arrived and were seated promptly, but it took the waiter a while to approach our table.  By the time we were finishing our appetizers, the staff had started sweeping the carpet around our table.  The waiter became less and less visible as they started their shut down duties like wrapping silverware and restocking glasses etc.  By the time we had our entrees, I had a full view of the guy cleaning the bathroom complete with facial expressions and the smell of the cleaning fluid.  Just what you want with your shrimp.  We asked that they close the door which lasted about 3min until the door was propped open again.  If you close at 10pm, don't start cleaning up at my feet and clacking dishes and hanging out at the front door with the rest of the servers at 9:30pm.  Needless to say, the food was very good but it was hardly a "dining experience".  More like a noisy diner in the city.The best Mexican food in lakeview. And possibly the city of New Orleans.  The table side Guacamole is a must get item.  The tequila selection is massive.  The only thing they are missing is more tables. The place is packed most nights, but it's worth the wait.Had tacos of filet mignon, fish, and chorizo: enjoyed them all. Corn tortillas were the closest to my great-grandmother's I've tasted since I had them in her kitchen! I almost gave an extra star just for that!..... 1/2 more maybe? :)
Liked that you can order individual kinds of meat and seafood for your meal along with additional sides;  taco portions were hearty. 
Chicken quesadilla was flavorful. Enchilada was ok.
Margarita was ok....out of a certain beer....couldn't get 'em across the border???
Service was ok....could be better.
There were many other menu items I would like to and will try in the future....probably will improve rating....I would say 3.5 as of now. Worth exercising your taste buds!Probably the best Mexican restaurant in New Orleans and rivals some I've tried in San Antonio and Los Angeles!This place is over priced.  The margarita choices is what drew us here, however what we received were over soured margaritas to the point of not being able ot taste the actual flavor (pineapple for one and the other was orange) of the drink.  
Food was low - average.  I had the shrimp quesadilla which was average.  The other entree was a salad which was a total miss.  I would probably avoid this location based on value and the quality of the salad we received.So, these people care about their customers and it's great, they are trying to help cater to your needs, so that's great. I wanted to eat vegan, so I asked about the vegan options, and they gave me a veggie burrito, which did taste very good, but I did find a piece of meat in there, which is terrifying, because I do not like meat at all. Now, I don't want to discredit them, because in a kitchen that cooks meat as well, it is more than likely there may be cross contamination, you may find some meat or whatever. Plus, it was really busy when we went, so that is another reason there may have accidentally been some meat. I work in the food industry, so I completely understand.Alrighty so this was a spur moment sunday lunch since we have so many things to do before sun down.  No drinks or appetizers straight to meal.  I had the pulled pork quesadillas and hunny had the carne asada.  Both were bursting with flavors and so so yummy.  If you get the carne asada it comes with these mushrooms onions and peppers in a creamy mole type sauce that rocks you out of this world.  But beware as good as the peppers look, they pack some serious heat so have a drink handy.This place was just OK for me. It is in a good location, but in a city with as vibrant a cuisine as New Orleans, you need to step it up. There are 10 places in Kenner that are way more authentic, way cheaper, with much better food!My husband & I stopped in for a quick dinner here a few weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed it. The service was fast and attentive. We both ordered fish entrees and they were fresh and delicious. We weren't rushed at all, but we had a very satisfying meal with appetizer, dinner, and dessert and were in and out in about 40 minutes. We will definitely be going back. When I have more time, I want to try a few of their cocktails and margaritas. I saw a few people sipping them when I was there and they looked awesome!I really like El Gato Negro on Harrison. It's small,  but intimate and the staff are awesome. If you feel like springing for it,  ask for the El Jeffe Margarita. It's expensive,  but so worth it. They make it table-side with all fresh ingredients.
Ask about the Eggplant Oaxaca. It's not on the menu,  but it's great.I wanted to give it a 2 1/2. This was our 1st visit. Heard it was this awesome place so we had to give it a try.  $63.68 lunch for 2 w/ tip (20%).  2-cokes, 1-diet, 2-baby lobster, 1-baby shrimp & 1-baby fish soft Taco.  4 baby soft taco's & 2-soft drinks for $64 bucks w/ complimentary chips & salsa.  The tortilla's were those baby ones. Notice I keep stressing the "baby" part.  The Lobsters were $7.95 each I believe.  It came w/ smothered onions.  Anything extra is a la carte. I added sour cream, guacamole, rice & beans & before I knew it I had a $13 taco.  The chips were very fresh & the salsa was tasty but came in this tiny little bowl. I think there is a "tiny" theme here.  If you wanted more salsa that would be extra so just wet the chip, no scooping or you'll run out on the 5th chip. The rice & beans came on the plate & the sour cream & guacamole came in those tiny bowls.  The tortilla's are so small that you can't put much on them so 1 sour & quac would have been enough for both of us to share.  If nothing extra was added the taco's were just ok.  There was a decent amount of fish, shrimp & lobster on the taco but again, they were baby ones so 4 pieces of shimp & your taco was loaded.  The server Mari was great. All in all the place was just ok.  The price was WAY to high for what we got.Food was good (not great- chicken was overcooked and tough), but was VERY expensive. No lunch specials and they charged extra for everything, even extra chips!A friend recommended this place. I was not impressed and won't be back. 
The service was good, but there were a couple of things I didn't care for...
1.  If you are going to charge $3 for a Coke, make it a fountain Coke with refills.  When they set a Mexican bottled coke in front of me, I knew this was my only visit. 
I like the bottled Cokes, but this is New Orleans, I'm hot and thirsty, and a few ounces of Coke won't cut it. 
2.  The chips taste like Santitas from a bag from Wal Mart.  The Salsa tasted Wal Mart as well. 
The burrito was mediocre. I asked for no sour cream. I got a huge amount of sour cream. 
Not one to make waves, I ate my burrito, downed my Coke, left a good tip, and left. I don't think I'll be back. 
Competition is too tough to be serving $3 bottles of Coke and bad chips and salsa. 
I'll go to Velvet Cactus for the same price, better food, a better atmosphere, and free refills.If the food was not too salty to eat, I'd give this four stars at least. The menu is amazing, the drinks are a real pleasure, the atmosphere is perfect - a neighborhood place with comfortable ambiance. But the food was too salty to finish. Only the guac, which is made tableside, was edible. I was sad. I want to come here again but I don't see how I can manage it. The kitchen needs to dial back on the salt by half.I love El Gato Negro in the quarter, the best margaritas in the city in my opinion. I knew I would not be let down in the cute Lakeview edition. I was very excited when I checked into the restaurant on yelp and I got a special deal, a top shelf margarita for the price of a regular one. I jumped on that pineapple cilantro margarita right away. The chips and salsa are great,  I could make a meal out of that and my margarita. I didn't of course, I split the chicken quesadilla with my son and the Chihuahua nachos with my mom, it was so much food. The quesadilla came with beans and rice and the nachos were loaded. We were so stuffed when we left! My only thing I would like to see a little different would be a kid menu. My kid loves mexican food and the regular sized quesadilla entree is too much for him. I'll still give it 5 stars, maybe would take off a half a star if I could for no kids menu. Will go back of course!Here to celebrate my birthday with a friend. We ordered lobster claw & shrimp quesadilla. Good flavor. Succulent meats (shrimp, lobster). We had pineapple-lime & blueberry margaritas as adult beverages; quite the tasty treat. Additionally, I was given a piece of Flan as a birthday dessert, how scrumptious was that? Lemme tell you, it was VERY GOOD. 
Despite the on-going construction, the nosie level was minimal & enjoyed food & company. Being in the middle of the day, we basically had the restaurant to ourselves. 
Our server was quite attentive & well trained in customer service. 
There's an off street parking lot across the street & of course street parking is available if you wanna b closer to the restaurant. 
Pricing was fair.This was our favorite neighborhood restaurant before the renovation. Since they re-opened, we're repeatedly disappointed. Time to post a review in the hope for change! The new dining room is pretty but noisier and less private, but it's the careless staff that have ruined it for us. We asked for something less noisy after the greeter offered us the table by the waitstaff area for food pickup; she dropped us at the one by the staff computer and water station! No privacy.  Chips and salsa were excellent, the warm tortillas with queso were delicious but insufficient (two).  My son ran out of water, no refill. I ordered my fave chicken quesadillas w/o sour cream (allergy) and they arrived with a large scoop. When I told the server, Diana, she said, "Yeah, when I don't write it down, I forget." And walked away. The recipe is changed: chicken pieces so large they fall out, triangles sitting in orange grease on the plate, and the onions are red and crunchy, not yellow and sautéed.  I miss what we had: reasonable prices, better service, and a relaxing meal. I left with a stomachache after a $41 meal for two - no dessert and we drank water!  I tipped $5 on $36, less than I would for good service. Probably shouldn't have. Juan, where are you?!For starters, a taco is $3.75 plus $1.00 for sour cream $1.00 for lettuce and $1.00 for tomato. Granted, you can probably stretch the toppings for two tacos. No matter how cheap you are, upwards of $6 for ONE taco is absolute blasphemy. We ended up paying around $40 for a quick lunch (two people). 
It was bland (authentic?). I felt like I was eating the results of the past 9 years post-katrina gentrification aka "lakeviewwwwuhh" 
Just goto the Carrettas on Vets and dine with the rest of the muggles. We have better taste!WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW!!!!! If you're looking for some good authentic style Mexican food with a southern twist, this is the place for you. Very delicious, and moderately priced. Do take note that the soft drinks are not free refills, so just be mindful that if you want more than one you'll have to pay more, but other than that it's amazing. Also they have their own tequila, which is quite tasty!!I am reviewing their Lakeview location..
Yum!  ...and I am talking about their margaritas!  Fresh and so clean clean... ok maybe not clean clean...that doesn't make sense, but it just felt right when typing this.. anyway.... We tried their special of the day, which was a mango margarita and even though it was freezing outside in my mind I was on a beach on an island.
Food is good.  They bring your table the first basket of chips and salsa on the house and the second is on you.  Table side guacamole is always a win.. I love seeing fresh ingredients being turned into something tasty... For my entree, I got the skirt steak quesadilla served with rice and beans... and I mean a lot of rice and beans.. 
I have never been able to enjoy the outdoor area here (seems like I only go when it is cold), but they have a nice patio area and a bar outside.  Looks like it would be really nice when the weather warms up so I might have to make a trip back and sip on a few more margaritas.Finally getting around to the review of El Gato Negro. It was hard to believe that I was seated in the old 'Milne Mini Mart' building where I used to hang out. Once entering I found a simple and tastefully decorated restaurant with a nice crowd of people who seemed to be enjoying their meals and drinks. El Gato Negro is very proud of its list of top shelf tequilas and their variety of ways to make a Margarita. I had fresh squeezed satsuma and lime with Oro Viejo. Superb, and I am not a big margarita drinker. They started us off with chips and salsa, tasty and not overwhelming. I went on to try a pulled pork taco, it was huge and stuffed with well seasoned seared pulled pork. Next ordered was the chicken stuffed Poblano pepper. The presentation seemed a bit thin however it tasted wonderful and by the time I was half way through the ap I was wondering how much of the fajitas I could actually eat. Fajitas arrived, pork loin and chorizo and I could barely eat one. The meat was moist and superbly cooked, sausage spicy, peppers and onions grilled nicely and fresh guacamole along with all of the fajita fixings were freshly prepared.
Insanely, I ordered a tres leche and had a couple of bites just to try it. This meal fed two of us and I took a lot of fajita stuff home that night in a box.
Highly recommended. Not as trendy as Velvet Cactus but better food and drink, in my opinion. Try a margarita and don't forget to check in w/ YELP for a discount while you are there.What a waste of $75. I could have just gone to Felipe's and probably been more satisfied. I've only had drinks at the FQ location so I don't know if their food really varies or not. But I have sampled many of the margaritas in the FQ and never had one I didn't like. I did not like the orange-lime one that I ordered, nor did I like the mezcal one my fiance ordered, it didn't taste smoky like most mezcal I've had but more like candle wax.  It's a sad, sad day when I don't want to finish my margarita. It's even sadder when I realize there is nothing on the menu I'm interested in ordering.
My sweetie ordered the house salad, which had a pretty good dressing and he would have liked to finish it before it was unceremoniously whisked away and replaced with our entrees. Our entrees were way overpriced but not inedible. The waitress was annoying and up in our faces every two minutes for the first half of the meal and absent for the second half. It took forever to get out of there and I felt bad for the hordes of people waiting in line.  I may visit the FQ one again but never again at this location.Went here on a Sunday after church with my husband and a friend. We have been wanting to come for a while, but I'm skeptical of all Mexican food in New Orleans (coming from Texas where Mexican food is done right!!). Needless to say NOLA doesn't do Mexican food well. 
The husband and I split chicken fajitas (for $19.99 for CHICKEN FAJITAS we weren't about to buy 2 orders). Luckily, we order the stuffed avocado and we left satisfied. 
Although the price of this restaurant is silly, as in way over priced, the food was decent.  I will probably not return because I can't handle spending so much money on Mexican food at that average quality but for those who don't have anything to compare it to, I would say enjoy!Best food in town.  A must try.   Outside patio on game days is a must. Staff is friendly a the food is always fast and very fresh to order.El Gato Negro in Lakeview, New Orleans has a very plain exterior, being located in an old home. Parking is very limited. The interior is nicely decorated, with quality ornaments. The appetizer chips and salsa is average. My meal, the Chicken Breast Enchiladas ($11.75) was delicious, and it came with three good-sized enchiladas, lots of melted cheese, refried beans, Mexican rice, lettuce & diced tomato salad, and a big dollop of sour cream. I would return and recommend the place to others. RJTI'm sorry to report I wanted to love this place and could not. The food is overly spicy for no reason, refried beans aren't supposed to be spicy, the place is tiny so don't go here unless you're prepared to be cramped and sharing your neighbors conversation and it's so loud you can't hold a conversation. I really really wanted to like it but I couldn't. We may try the other location in the Warehouse District.Great margaritas made wth fresh fruits. 90% on food because 2 had cold food. Didn't want to make a bitch, but enjoy the evening at the Black Cat!Went for the first time on a Sunday. I find it to be waaaaaay too expensive. Almost $6 for one taco?! And, if you have a decent appetite like me, 3 tacos can easily be shoveled in your mouth...at the cost of $18!!! Sheesh. I had the pulled pork quesadillas with rice and beans. Rice and beans were really good. Quesadillas were okay...they were dry. The other half of my party had the skirt steak burrito. He reported that it was good, at best. The salsa is very flavorful but not spicy at all. The sangria was pretty good. The food is not worth the high prices. Because of that, i will not be back.love these places.  both quarter and lakeview.   I really love the orange margoram hot sauce.  if you haven't tried it, ask.   I always get enchilada's  cause  I love them.   and they come with the sauce.    quick service, quality food, and filling.     
see you again soon.Favorite go to neighborhood restaurant. The manager is awesome and always greats you with a smile while adding your name to the waiting list. But believe me, it's worth the wait. The margaritas are great and there are lots of different flavor options. The food is delicious, authentic Mexican. They are currently remodeling to make this location bigger and better and I'm counting the days until our favorite spot reopens.Mexican bottled coke!!! Salsa is delicious and I highly recommend the guacamole(made fresh at your table). Filet Mignon tacos were tender, juicy and full of flavor. Pork Tamales were well above par, and the Shrimp Quesadilla is just awesome. Did not give 5 stars because it took almost 10 minutes to get our drinks. You can not give patrons chips and salsa with out beverages. No waters were brought either. Overall great place! We'll frequent it often!One of best meals in NOLA. Great food. Great drinks and excellent service.  Today they had brisket on special so we ordered them in tacos as well as a brocheetta style. I'm addition we had an aged steak burrito.
The bruchetta was perfect. Bread toasted, with olive oil and Spanish sauce.  The tacos were very flavorful, had a generous portion of brisket and the bad made corn tortilla were excellent.
The aged steak burrito was amazing. Steak was tender and had good flavor. The white queso cheese sauce poured over was very good.
The watermelon lime margaritas were balanced perfectly. Good watermelon taste with a hint of lime and generous portion of the owners tequila which is quite good.
Anthony was our waiter and was honestly the best waiter we've had in NOLA. He knew the menu well, was attentive and made all of our drinks including a virgin watermelon margarita for our son.
We've been to the location in the Quarter a fee times and have always enjoyed. This location however was exceptional.This is about as good as mexican can get in Louisiana. I have faced the fact long ago that tex-mex just can't exist in Louisiana, but El Gato Negro has proved me wrong. Get the carne Asada fajitas-- the flavor is just EVERYTHING. 
Get the queso-- It's not your average, straight up queso. it's spicy, has chorizo and JALAPENOS. What more could someone needing their cheese fix want? 
and now for the most important part... the drinks. This is one thing Louisiana does right. AND DOES EL GATO DO IT RIGHT?? that's a hell yes. There is no bartender, the waiters have to make them for you. They have a selection of fresh fruit that you can choose to have muddled in your margarita or mojito.... basically it makes the alcohol that much better! Who doesn't want fruit with their tequila?? 
This place is small though and service can be rather slow.Delicious and Quality authentic mexican cuisine
I ALWAYS take two Filet Mignon burritos to go on my airplane trip back to California :D  (Always passes through security without ANY problems)
The special kiwi, watermelon and pinapple margarita  ARE TO DIE FOR. You can taste the freshly squeezed juice. 
Service is always spectacular
Beautifully decorated  
Honor to pay and support any price for authentic, local and quality Mexican cuisines.So excited.  found out they have pick up available  Mon through Thursday.  Cannot wait to pick up some food this week for lunch!I was extremely pleased when El Gato Negro opened a "Lakeview" location, as I had already eaten at the French Market location and had enjoyed it. The service was relatively quick and the food was awesome.
We had a sliced avocado appetizer, one chicken taco, spanish rice and an Acapulco salad.  The salad, which contained iceberg lettuce, vidalia onions, tomatoes, poblano peppers, queso fresco, corn, and a filet of grilled tilapia in a Mexican vinaigrette dressing was awesome; and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
The only downside is that seating is limited and the close proximity of the tables makes for a loud atmosphere.  However, this place gets two thumbs up!Ate at this place with a big party, they said they could sit us all together. But turns out they couldn't. Our entire party was separated all over the restaurant. The food was cold, bland and plating was awful. They told us after the meal was over they would not split the check. Worst service, crappy food, not worth your money.Definitely top notch.  We went here tonight for the first time.  Smaller than I thought, but they moved the tables quickly.  Many families there, but the top of the restaurant is surrounded by high end Tequila.  The food was fantastic and our waitress was amazing.  We will be back!!I didn't even know that good Mexican existed in New Orleans until I came to El Gato Negro. I haven't been to the French Quarter location but parking is much easier in Lakeview. Having heard lots of great reviews of the place, I had to check it out. Their margaritas were some of the freshest, tastiest margaritas I've ever had. They use real fruit and nice tequila. I had the satsuma margarita. The food was delicious and filling. The only con of the place is that all the items are priced a little higher than the mexican food that I'm used to but I would definitely say that it's worth the money. This place is a must try!Great Mexican spot with a diverse menu. It was a little on the pricey side for worth the extra dollars! Beware though, the first round of chips and salsa is complimentary but any addition rounds are on you.Very good Mexican food. Love that they make the guacamole table side. 
They have a nice size menu and it's great food. My 13 year old even enjoyed it. 
We had a total of 5 people and went in pretty late. They took us with no questions or complaints. Took care of us promptly and were very efficient. 
Yeah, we'd go back. I feel this place is very close to taqueria corona as the best Mexican food in the area.EXCELLENT! Food was fresh and healthy. Service was welcoming and friendly, very attentive. Terrific Margarita. We will surely go back soon.good courteous service. Good menu selection. We had Guacamole and ceviche. Both very good. Main entrees were Chile relleno con panela and grilled Chicken con Molé, Dessert was flan and that was good too. Only comment to staff is timing. Five minutes after serving the appetizers the main course was presented. Did not have time to enjoy appetizers. Rico y deliciousoMeh. Place is packed all the time so it took us a few attempts after moving to New Orleans to actually get in to eat. Overpriced for a Mexican restaurant. Food was ok. Nothing above average. They do make the guac tableside and have some delicious mojitos! Most Mexican restaurants would want to capitalize on the fact that rice and beans are a big part of a vegan/vegetarians diet. They cook their rice with meat and prepare it ahead of time so you cannot even order plain white rice that isn't cooked with meat. I suggested it to the waiter to ask for that option so hopefully it's available in the future.Not the best Mexican in the city but its A-OK. I had the burrito which was pretty big filled with big chunks of steak rice beans and sauce. It is much like the Burritos in LA at El Tepeyac specializing in a chorizo ranchero sauce. All in all it was good but I think the sauce takes away from the best part about Mexican food and that is the freshness of the tomatoes onions and cilantro. Even their pico de gallo has a little bit too much crushed tomato making it more like a tomato sauce. I liked the meal but it won't draw me back in. I guess my LA trip spoiled me on Mexican here in New Orleans.Great food combined with outstanding service. My girlfriend and I shared the el gato soup and grilled shrimp fajitas, both of which were great; however, Anthony, our waiter, is what made our experience memorable. He took care of us as if we were dining at elBulli in Spain. He even went so far as to go get a Tide stick pen out of his car for us to treat a stain.Food was fantastic / Moises my waiter was exceptional / suggesting their Specialities.
Had the Combo plater which was delicious / I don't know if was due to Super Bowl nite and it was slow, they kept bringing me things to try.....Wow..
Plus the Sangria was great....Highly recommendedOne of my favorite Mexican places in the city. Coworkers and I enjoy our "usual" every Tuesday. We are always greeted by name by both the sweet manager Kelly and our "usual" waiter Anthony. Both the service and food are excellent... And if it's not (which almost never happens) they always correct it immediately. It's a small venue but we like it that way.  Joseph is also gives excellent table service.You have not lived until you've eaten the Stuffed Avocado from the appetizer menu. Aside from the fact that everything from the chips and salsa to the margaritas was spectacular, THIS dish was the most heavenly. It's a hot dish with avocado (surprise), tomatoes, mushrooms, shrimp, and a sauce that I could drink by itself. 
I went an hour before Jazz Fest let out, so maybe that's why I had no wait and no service issues. Even if I did wait or had subpar service, the food and drinks would definitely have more than made up for it. I can't believe I waited all these years to try El Gato Negro and that the Destrehan location has just closed (it's close to my job). It would be dangerous for me to have one in Kenner! Try it regardless of the negative reviews you read here.This is the best Mexican food (other than taco stands) I've found in the city so far.  The infamous pork chops with chorizo mushroom sauce are great, but I actually prefer the chicken mole.  The enchiladas are also good (they dip the chicken in mole before they roll them).  Some of the items tend to be more interior Mexican inspired, specifically the queso fundido (this is not what Louisianans call "cheese dip" or what Texans call "queso").   This queso is a more traditional Mexican white cheese (thick and stringy almost like melted cheddar) with chorizo and a few fresh jalapenos--very tasty but not your typical chips and dip so don't expect that when ordering.
Go for a margarita--the regular lime house margarita is a little fakey sweet lime flavored for me, but the flavored margaritas with real fruit (pineapple cilantro lime, watermelon cilantro lime) have all been good.
Don't forget to use your check-in deal from Yelp while they have it for an 8 dollar top shelf margarita--can't be beat!
Go early or late and don't bring a big party because this is a small place (the last time we were there multiple groups of 5 or 6 people had to wait for an hour while our 2 top was seated after 20 minutes). The Lakeview location has put out a few picnic tables to accommodate the waiting masses, but they don't seem to be serving food outside as far as I've seen.Usually we focus on the tacos, but I gotta say: the margaritas were GREAT. They really account for the 4th star here. They're inventive and delicious and I could drink them all. But, let's get back to the tacos--yummy salsa, and huge meat portions, almost too huge, in the tacos. I'm not sure we'd necessarily go back for the tacos (a little pricey for our tastes) but we'd be there with campanas on for happy hour.Looks like the Lakeview place is adding on. Well, they should definitely do some renovations in the interior and the menu. Stepping into the restaurant, I felt like I was back in a 70's or 80's house with carpet and the acoustics made for a loud dinner.
I got the mixed grill, which wasn't terrible, but the shrimp, chicken & beef were over salted. My friend got the filet mignon tacos and her beef was over salted also. I had been here about 3 years ago and remember the same thing with the heavy handed salt. 
Definitely better Mexican cuisine in the city.Eating at El Gato Negro today was a really good experience.  I was in the Lakeview area and decided to drop in not knowing the hours and I showed up 15 minutes before they opened but they let me in and served me anyway.  The staff was friendly and fast and my food got to me very quickly; after I ordered I made a phone call expecting it to take a little bit for my food to arrive and I barely had a chance to say Hi before my burrito showed up.  The chips and salsa were pretty tasty and I loved the cilantro in the salsa, I could have eaten a whole more of it but I showed unusual restraint.  My pulled pork burrito was delicious and gigantic.  The pork and onions were slightly charred which in my book is a good thing and I appreciate that the dish already comes with guacamole and sour cream on the side, eliminating the need to ask for it.  I was a little bit hesitant to pay $11.75 for a burrito when I arrived, but the combination of service and tastiness eased all my worries.  El Gato Negro is worth a try.So we're looking for a good meal while in New Orleans, and decided to go somewhere a bit off the beaten path, and Mexican food sounded great.  I checked out the website, and I figured it looked pretty darn good, and not like the common Mexican restaurants you find everywhere.  
We started off with the Ceviche appetizer, and Guac.  Both were excellent, but the Ceviche was off the charts.  Big chunks of yellowtail, fresh avocados, the works.  Guac was also fantastic, both were made tableside.  I had the pork medalions, my husband had the ribeye carne asada, brother in law had the mixed grill, and his wife had the red snapper.  Every bite of every meal was exceptional, the freshest highest quality ingredients I have witnessed at a Mexican restaurant.  I'll be back NOLA, and I'll be stopping at El Gato Negro again..I came here with a group of 9 last night on a Sunday night.  The waiter was a little bit all over the place and the orders were a little messed up and disorganized.  First round of chips and salsa were complimentary after that $1.50 per basket of chips.  These prices were through the roof and the portions were small.  I did order the raspberry margarita on the rocks.  It was delicious, refreshing and really good although.  This was my first time since the renovation.  They did have a nice crowd, but I wish the prices would come down a tad.  The food was good.I had the lobster Claw taco it was wonderful  cooked superb also had a grilled shrimp taco it to was cooked perfect. Also, enjoyed the VIP appetizer  a brisket bruschetta.  Everyone loved itThe staff was friendly and attentive. We got the ceviche and tableside guacamole and it was A lot for two people. Delicious and fresh. Chips were warm and salty. The biggest perk is the homemade tortilla. Delicious and hand made taste. Chorizo taco was smoky and tasty. Will go back.This restaurant is very authentic! We come here often and have yet to be let down. The table side guacamole is always fantastic. The fajitas are our go to and the serving for one is enough for 2.This place straight up sucks and needs new management. I decided to give this place a second chance tonight. We sat at the table and the lady next to us was so upset that she told my wife and I that she had been waiting for 45 minutes for a to go order. We thought wow that's crazy. We ordered a queso and sangria and received them very quickly. As we sat there we noticed there was  no organization and the waiters were just dropping stuff off at tables not knowing if what people had ordered. The table next to us arrived at the same time that we ordered our entrees, yet they received their appetizer and entree before it was even acknowledged that we hadn't gotten our food. By the way, we had ordered a salad and a cheese quesadilla. The table next to us paid for their check and left before our entree even came. So in conclusion, I will not be going back to this dump. El gato negro is more like el gato shito.This place is good. It is very small but nice. I would go back for lunch. The quesadillas are really good. For being small, it is good.I came to El Gato Negro during happy hour after taking a major biology test and was very impressed at how cute and clean the place is kept. The bar is  indoors with an outdoors panorama view. A large variety of tequilas to choose from, the bartender Laura  was very knowledgeable on the selection, very sweet and friendly. She recommend I try the Don Julio 70th anniversary. My margarita was better than any other margarita I've had. The music, energy and phenomenal customer service will bring me back! Highly recommend you try this place.Good food, good, quick service.  We went for an early lunch on a Wednesday.  It's a nice place to go when I am in this area.Everything is amazing but my personal favorite is the filet burrito! Also love the fresh margaritas!!!Dined here last night. Had been here a few years ago, was not impressed. Decided to try again. Ate in the glass bar area, overlooking the patio. Loved to atmosphere, bright and open.  Our bartender was a true wizard with craft margaritas and sangria. Complimentary appetizer was unexpected. We shared the aged beef fajitas, awesome. This is our new restaurant in the hood!This must be the best mexican food in New Orleans.! The service was great and the waitress paid great attention to us. I ordered the chicken quesadillas and they were AWESOME! Left this place full and happy!They wouldn't split the check for us. Margarita was all ice. Chips were stale. Shrimp burrito had a grand total of 4 shrimp. Drinks, chips, and salsa stayed empty even though the place was empty. Way Overpriced for what we got. Other than that it was great.I normally frequent the FQ location,  but last night their phone was off the hook and we where in the mood for El Gato so I called in an order to Lakeside. As I arrived they were calling me to let me know my order was ready, I get the feeling some people might get the locations mixed up. The staff was helpful and friendly and my order was correct and waiting for me when I arrived. The food was amazing and really hit the spot! We ordered a burrito, tacos, and some chips and guacamole and everything was perfection. The skirt steak has such great flavor, it really doesn't need anything else with it. El gato Negro Lakeside saved the day!!Taco Tuesday!!!!! Not so fast. 
While El Gato does not have taco specials on Tuesday (say what??? I know right?!@#!@$)... they do have happy hour AT THE BAR ONLY 4pm-6pm.  $5 margaritas and some wine specials too. 
I was disappointed to see there were no food specials for happy hour.  They have tapas regularly available which are priced $4-10.
I got a brisket tapa.  It was good. Could use some more sauce than garnish on the plate.  Would make a good taco! 
Tamale was moist.  Meat lacked flavor.  All I could taste is the masa.  The orange salsa that came with it was like pouring orange juice onto the tamale.  Not good. 
Crawfish quesadilla was flavorful.  Crawfish well seasoned and plentiful.  
Overall El Gato is A-OK.  Main issue is the prices.  Typical margarita starts at $9.  Not freshly made sour mix and aren't very strong.  Tacos are $5 EACH.  They really should have taco specials on tuesday to draw in more customers. We were the only people at the entire bar.After having a pretty sucky experience here a couple months ago, I decided to give this place another chance to see if they live up to the hype people give them. Started off with the guacamole which my friends highly recommended. Apparently they were having an off day because I definitely wasn't impressed. I love the fact that they make it fresh and table side but the flavor definitely was lacking. I ordered a filet mignonne taco with a side of beans. Lacking flavor once again. I did sample my friends chicken enchiladas which were pretty good and also the lamb which had a lot of flavor. All in all I will definitely pass on coming here anymore. Food is definitely not worth the hype nor the price.  I did hear the French quarter location is pretty good so maybe we'll try them...The food is delicious, the margaritas are even better!  I would give it 5 stars if the atmosphere was better.  I wish they did takeout on the weekends.This place is decent for Mexican food.  I love that they have shrimp, fish, or lobster claw tacos because I only eat animals from the sea.  
I am disappointed with the nickel and diming, it is very tacky!!!  A lot of reviews complain about the pricing and I agree with them.   The manager or owner responds with: that they use high quality ingredients.  Iceberg lettuce that is $.50.??  El Gato Negro would be better off if they just gave customers a side of lettuce, pico, and salsa along with the tacos instead of charging for each little topping.  Most Mexican restaurants give you free lettuce, tomatoes, pico, cheese, etc. when you order tacos.I was thrilled to have El Gato expand to Lakeview. I have always been a fan of the French Quarter location. I am obsessed with the table side guacamole. I feel they recently improved their tortilla chips. My ultimate entree choices are the filet mignon tacos on corn tortillas or the chicken enchiladas. Friendly staff, small dining room, but worth the wait and tight quarters. Also try a Mexican bottled Coke while there!!! Or something from their extensive tequila selection. Looking forward to outdoor seating currently under construction!Stopped by yesterday for some good eats and while the food was good flavored, the wait for the food was quite long. Our server said the kitchen was behind and though she was nice and pleasant it doesn't help with the wait. I was also surprised to be charged for an extra basket of chips and salsa, had I known I would not have asked. Other than that food was tasty and the Pineapple Cilantro Margarita was surprisingly yummy as well.Always great, always fresh! Best table-side guac! My favorite is the mixed grill. Always have the freshest and most unique margaritas! Service is always good and if it's busy they are certain to acknowledge you. They work really well as a team and obviously have a great management staff. They never leave dirty plates on the table and refill your drinks promptly.I'm always happy when I leave El Gato Negro. The table side guacamole is delicious and they have quirky margarita flavors like cilantro pineapple, along with a wall containing every tequila ever invented. So have fun and eat up, you'll definitely leave with a full belly. Olé!Decided to stop in for lunch and grab a fajita plate. I almost asked for a new table since the hostess sat us directly at the kitchen window and doors. The menu was interesting but way overpriced. The combo fajitas jump from $25 to $35, so you figure it's significantly more food and while we didn't need more to fill us for lunch... it was a dinner entree. My wife's mojito was excellent but my beer came with a giant lime and no glass. Your either a $30/plate establishment or you're NOT. The entire time they were working on inventory at the table behind us, employees ordered pizza at our table on a cell phone, I even know who's working what section for the next full week. Dishes clanking, employees yelling for each other and scraping of plates being bussed from tables, were the highlights of our meal. After finding a different waiter... we were able to get some extra napkins and water. Salsa and chips are one serving only. Food was good and we actually had nothing leftover... a first for us! Lol The service and atmosphere was horrific and we will never be back.Before our drink order was even taken they informed us that they don't split checks up at a single table. 
It was not really a big deal because my coworkers and I can puzzle out the complicated math of splitting a check three ways. It does feel like the restaurants convenience is trumping of the patrons convenience however.
Onto the food -
I had a $12 burrito and a three dollar iced tea. It was okay but it barely registered on my yummy meter. My coworkers agreed with this assessment.
In summation, the food is okay the prices are a little high and I cannot imagine driving by other Mexican restaurants to go to this one.Went here at 4:30 pm Saturday evening and they say not open till 5:00 pm. This the Harrison Ave location o visited for first time. 
This has to be a freaking joke. Left and went El Paso Mexican. Y'all need to get your act together.Best Mexican food in the city!  The recent renovation and expansion as well as the added parking lot across the street are very welcome additions.  The table side ceviche is killer!I'm from Texas so I've had a lot of tex-mex food in my life. This place has pretty decent Mexican food, maybe a bit more authentic than a lot of the chain tex-mex places in Texas. Usually I struggle to find vegetarian food at Mexican restaurants and it was the same here as well, so I just ended up building my own burrito with vegetables in it. The staff was super nice though and everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well so overall, a good experience.My partner & I love this place! The remodel is beautiful and happy to have better parking spots now. 
The margaritas are so delicious here and always taste so fresh. I love the homemade salsa and chips are not overly greasy from the fryer. 
We always split the quesadilla and from time to time get whatever the special of the day is when feeling adventurous! 
It bothers me however that after your first salsa and chips, they begin charging you..I just know deep down how cheap the product is to make and order..
Overall, wonderful restaurant.There's nothing wrong with El Gato Negro, but it doesn't blow me away either.  It's consistently good, but not great, which is o.k.
I really enjoy the stuffed avocado appetizer. Even though it sounds like a cold dish, it's hot.  It's an avocado half topped with a lime, tomato, mushroom shrimp sauce.  It's served with tortillas.  MORE than enough to be an entrée...especially after eating the free chips and salsa.Just love the freshness and quality of the food.  Also believe this has one of the best tequila selection in this area.  One of my top places to eat out!The food was decent. The atmosphere is not impressive. What really made this experience unpleasant is penny pinching going on at this restaurant and the server's lack of mentioning the extra costs for things normally included in a meal. Take shredded lettuce, for example. The addition of lettuce to a taco costs $0.75. Pico de gallo costs $0.75 as well. Similarly they bring chips and salsa to the table, come and ask if you want a refill, but fail to mention that they are going to charge you for their stale chips and salsa. It ended up being $5 for edible chips and salsa. I would not go back here again nor would I recommend it to a friend. The Velvet Cactus is down the street and no penny pinching there. But if you really want good tacos/carribbean food, I'd definitely recommend the Rum House, which has awesome food at cheap/reasonable prices. All in all El Gato Negro=unpleasant experience.The stuffed Avocado is very good. However, the service is not that good. If you order extra chips,  be ware you will charged for extra chips and salsa. And also they will not take separate checks which is a great aggravation. The policies for this restaurant are absurd.The only reason they are getting 4 stars is b/c of the noise level,you have to pay after your first basket of chips, and there are no lunch specials. Otherwise the food is delicious! Had the steak fajita plate- PLENTY for two. The table side guacamole is $10 but it's the best freshest creamy guacamole you'll ever have. The limeaide is super tasty if you don't order a margarita!Lunch, 2 pork tamales had about a fork full at best of meat in 2 large husks. Beans and rice didn't make up the remainder of taste or value. Disappointing. Maybe I should have drank tequila. Poor chips and decent salsa at best.Just left here with a group of friends. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated within a minute or so. It wasn't too crowded for a Sunday evening but when we left it started to pick up. 
Chips and salsa were really good and fresh. 
A couple of us ordered the pineapple cilantro margarita which was more sweeter than I like but still tasty and refreshing. We also got the table side guacamole which was made in a matter of 1-2minutes once he got to the table. Really good also but i would've liked some fresh cilantro or garlic in it. I dunno I just love those two ingredients in guacamole. 
For food I got the veggie quesadilla which was really good and didn't lack veggies at all. It was served with rice, beans and sour cream. 
One of my friends got the Acapulco salad with pulled pork which he loved and my other friend got the gluten free tacos (shrimp, chicken & steak). They did not skimp on the meat at all for them and they both enjoyed their food also. 
The service was fast and friendly. Will definitely come back.Delicious food, attentive servers, spacious dining area, ample parking, & open on Mondays.  I liked my experience.  It was a tad expensive, but how could I complain - I had so much food!!!
There's a lot of competition not far away (Velvet Cactus, etc.), but this place is legit.Great option for Mexican food in an area with a plethora of choices.  All of their locations are reliably fantastic.  The Lakeview location recently renovated and has a really nice courtyard.   Definitely try the pineapple cilantro margarita.  It's phenomenal.  I've tried one of almost everything on the menu and everything is always fantastic.I came here yesterday to meet a friend at the bar.  I ordered Sangria for happy hour.  Delicious.  Great service and the courtyard was adorable.  We ordered chips and salsa and the salsa was spicy and on point.  We will return!  Friendly staff!