We arrived at 1130 on a Sunday morning and no wait for a 2 top. The decor is artsy flamboyant NOLA magic, with a pig emphasis to go with the logo, a whole case of "pigurines." We had the famed praline bacon and it was as delicious as you would think, but a lot less crispy than I imagined. I had the duck waffle, which was a shredded duck and mashed sweet potato situation with a chili sauce, scallions and maple syrup dressing atop a cornbread waffle. It was the shit, incredibly tasty. Dara kept it simple with their simple breakfast, though it came with cheese grits which she enjoyed. The iced tea was not great but I didn't care because the food was so spectacular!Great praline bacon. It's just the perfect blend of savory and sweet. The creamy cheese grits are just like home. It's a must while in New Orleans.First of all I would like to start this review with the fact that I had no clue how far this restaurant was from the hotel we were staying at downtown. I was very hungry and a 2.5 mile walk was not what I was looking forward to. Once we arrived at Elizabeths we had to wait another half hour which was ok but needless to say I was starving. When we finally got seated we were seated almost in the bathroom we were so close. We ordered drinks which arrived pretty fast. However, after we ordered our meals they didn't come for another 45 minutes or so. I ordered the duck waffle. The cornbread waffle was perfection as was the sweet potato and duck topping. The pepper jelly that topped my dish was so good that we asked if we could buy a jar to bring back to Chicago. Simply by eating this waffle I was able to forget about the horrible service, long wait and long walk that had brought me to Elizabeths. If the food wasn't so good I'm not sure I would be back.They were out of about half of the small plates when we went for Saturday breakfast at around 9:30AM, but the server didn't know ahead of time, had to keep coming back to tell us they were out of what we'd ordered.  The praline bacon was recommended by several friends, and was delicious.  Four good sized pieces in the order, perfect for sharing.  The corn waffle under the duck hash was nice and light and tender, and the duck and sweet potatoes are a great combo.  The bloody mary and morning margarita were also very good.  Lots of interesting specials on the board - french toast burrito, breakfast tacos, pulled pork benedict.Had such a yummy breakfast here! I ordered the catfish and eggs which was perfect cooked. I also ordered the side of praline bacon which is a must!!! It's pretty much candied bacon with pralines. The price was a lot more expensive that I expected but it was worth it.Awesome spot for breakfast. The fried green tomatoes & grits were the jam! Awesome house made hot sauce too...It was okay. Not sure if today was an off day. But the praline bacon wasn't crispy like I was expecting. Was that turkey bacon? Also my soft shell was too soft! Lol. I wasn't upset nor did I hate my meal. I just wasn't blown away. I won't be craving it. The service was awesome tho! And my cocktail was nice. 
I will give it another shot. And get the egg cochon. That seemed yummy.Great food, atmosphere, and service. Everyone in our group of 6 enjoyed their meal, especially the praline bacon.  We will be back!Two words - praline bacon. You heard right - rashers of bacon with brown sugar and pecans baked into them. Heart-stopping breakfasts and lunches. Lots of great daily specials. Way too much food and then they want to sell you a slice of pie or maybe some chess cake. Tell Heidi that Patrick from San Francisco sent you.Wow factor quality on all counts, we had 4 different brunch choices. Quality and value. Service fine. Recommend and will returnI love it.
Bacon - Bacon - Bacon.
Catfish PoBoy 
9th ward (ByWater) goodness.
Breakfast is really creative, and tasty.By far exceeded all of our expectations! A Little quaint restaurant located off the beaten path. Where ever you are staying in the NOLA area I highly recommend taking a trip over here for breakfast or lunch! We had eggs florentine, and my boyfriend ordered the praline bacon OMG!!!! If you don't eat bacon you will eat Elizabeth's bacon! This was the  best breakfast we had in the city.Amazing food and even better staff! Dax was awesome! They also have brunch everyday, we got the salmon and Brie grilled cheese and the French toast burrito. They don't have bottomless but it's $21 for a bottle of champagne and orange juice.Praline bacon are legit. You gotta come try it. I love it when breakfast places play hip hop music. Also tried the redneck which is fried green tomatoes benedict and that was also delicious. Gotta warn you that it is a bit heavy. Other things that came out of the kitchen smelled equally delicious. Friendly staff. Give it a try pplJust ate here for the first time, and loved it! I had the burger only because I'm on a tight budget but it was really REALLY good. I'll probably go back just for that. Also tried their ooey gooey cake for dessert and felt like I'd died and gone to heaven. A full list of daily specials was cool, just to know you can always try something different. Great atmosphere also!Wish we could have gone for dinner too!
    Sunday brunch was packed. Well why not? It's great food and service.
     Had the Salmon and Brie breakfast and my mouth died and went to heaven. Had a Morning Margarita to accompany and it was just right. There's a frozen drink too, forget what it's called, but it was yumaliscious. Chocolate and nutmeg...
     The space is beautiful and bright. Kate and Mary did a great job taking care of everyone.
     The only weird part was the owner showed up later and his little kids took their shoes off and played on the pool table. I guess it's his place, he can do what he wants. Just odd.Great breakfast spot that came highly recommended when visiting NOLA. Enjoyed all the food, especially the fried green tomatoes with poached egg and hash browns. The meat eaters had great things to say about the praline bacon, oyster po boy and crab cakes. Will return when visiting NOLA in the future!I've dined here many times for both lunch and dinner.
The location has a decent sized eating area downstairs decorated with plain jane tables and local art on the wall that is also for sale. I have not seen the upstairs area yet.
The service sometimes feels a little slow as there doesn't seem to be many wait staff at a given time on the floor. I have no clue about the back kitchen...but I still come back.
Oh boy..Lunch Time "Big Ass Burger"... this takes awhile to come out but, when it does... I feel like falling out of my chair when I'm done. It's big and seasoned like a backyard burger. 
Dinner is nice as well. The staff can help you pick an entree and a paired wine if you're into such.
I've brought many local and out of town friends here and everyone seemed to be happy with the food that they've ordered. It's a nice place to come in a group for casual dining. Perhaps not as romantic for a couple.Always go here when I visit New Orleans.  The boiled shrimp with remoulade with fried green tomatoes or the salad version are delicious.I had been searching for a proper plate of fried chicken ever since I arrived in Louisiana.  I will search no longer because Elizabeth's is the place.  For $12 I was served a giant plate of crispy fried chicken with sides of lima beans, collard greens, and bacon cabbage.  It was the best southern meal that I had in New Orleans.  I found it very difficult to find this quality of southern cookin anywhere in the French Quarter.  So if you have a rental car, or don't mind grabbing a cab, this place is worth the ride.Very meh eggs florentine dish. That spinach sauce tasted like nothing. The deep friend oysters however had a lot of flavor. MASSIVE PORTION. Shared with one friend and plenty potatoes leftoGreat local spot. The Crabby is a must to try.  Great staff, great food, comparable to Mothers (if not better).If I were a local and not on vacation this would definitely be one of my brunch spots. It's removed from the hullabaloo that is the French Quarter and has that dive-tacular vibe. We started with the praline bacon which was tasty. I went with shrimp and grits, since after all I was in shrimpsville. The grits were creamy and the shrimp was fresh. The beef gravy was the perfect sauce to marry the two. The service was friendly.
There was a minor issue of an extraneous drink being on our check. The waitress apologized and took it off once I mentioned it to her. Overall, worth checking out if you're in NOLA.Praline bacon and bloody mary's in a to go cup. A great start to a brilliant weekend.It was a very good breakfast spot and every plate as well as every menu option looked amazing. I thought the pricing was high for this style of eatery. I would definitely go back again but I think due to the pricing and waits it wouldn't be my favorite spot if I were local. More of 2-3 times a year kind of place. An outstanding place to visit as a tourist with its own little charm. I had the smoked pork chops breakfast platter with praline bacon on the side 25$. A Bloody Mary was 9$. All was excellent.SO YUMMY. Came with friends for a sat brunch, i believe. The wait was roughly 20 mins which goes by fast if you spend it drinking at the bar upstairs. I had the steak and eggs which were seasoned perfectly and DELISH. also got a side of praline bacon, which basically was the best thing i've EVER TASTED IN LIFE. GET IT. and don't share, i regret sharing.You have to go to this place while you're in NOLA! The food is amazing. The staff (just like most places in NOLA) is wonderful, and the little shack its in is a phot opp in itself. 
This was about a $14 cab ride from the CBD and you can get a drink from the bar upstairs while you wait. The bloody Mary's were great. The green beans in them taste like Christmas. 
Once we were seated, I ordered the duck waffle- a corn bread waffle mashed sweet potato, duck hash and pepper jelly. I added poached eggs on top (because everything is better w eggs). My friend ordered the eggs florentine and we had to get the praline bacon to share. Both meals were delicious and the bacon was everything. I could totally eat a whole side of that on my own. 
The food (as most southern food is) was pretty heavy so we actually walked back to our hotel through the residential areas and ended up taking a stroll through the French Market on the way!"Love you Elizabeth!"
Just a quick trip to breakfast on my own, with but one dish to measure, but she delivered. This quirky but honest spot delivered a delicious, original meal. I devoured a breakfast Burrito that included their famed (and memorable) praline bacon, sausage and eggs wrapped in a french toast sauced tortilla and served in a pool of warm maple syrup. Simple, original and super delicous. Quick, pleasant, fun and tasty. 
Cheers to Elizabeth!Before you eat brunch here, make sure you've taken care of your errands-- because you will go into a food coma afterwards.
Read the menu, unless you are a super-finicky eater you will find plenty of options.  
Praline bacon is the best of both worlds-- salty pork slathered in a maple-y coating.  The biscuits are the BEST in town (so far).  Which could make it the best biscuit in the world.  (This is the Culinary Mecca for the South.)
The two best brunch entrees would have to be the grillades and grits or the shrimp and grits.  On my last visit, I ordered the catfish and eggs.  The catfish was a little salty-- but not anymore than any catfish in any New Orleans restaraunt.
The bartender makes a delicious bloody mary-- although what she has in mixology skills she lacks in memory skills.  She forgot my friend's order and made five drinks before she even made eye contact with us again.
The past few times I have been the duck waffles did not look as if it had as much duck as I remember from earlier trips.  So I skipped it.
Okay-- back to the good.  The portions are large.  If you go hungry your eyes will definitely be bigger than your stomach.  I am not one to over eat.  It has to be one hell of a meal for me to ignore my body telling me I'm full.
Every trip to Elizabeth's has been a hell of a meal.  Afterwards, I always have a hell of a nap.Truly terrible service.
I used to love this place. The food is good, and the atmosphere is fun. I used to bring every visitor here for weekend brunch and meet colleagues here for lunch. After my experience today, I will never patronize this establishment again.
My friend and I were kept waiting outside for over 90 minutes for a table. They sat at least 4 parties that put their names in after us, and 2 of those parties were the same size as ours. When I asked about this they offered no explanation, did not let us see the list of waiting parties, and made no effort to provide even a modicum of customer service. I have no idea why they behaved this way. Though my party was the only party waiting that was not all white.
Do not eat here. Walk a few blocks to Booty's Street Food instead as I did. The food is better, the drinks are more exciting, and the service is far superior.So happy that a friend recommended Elizabeth's. I was getting fed up with the tourist trap French quarter food. 
I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to eat real food! I had the crabby cakes with grits so good! Grits cooked to perfection! 
A friend had the red neck breakfast  (fried green tomato Benedict) I had a bite and it was perfection! The tomato was fried perfectly and the combo of egg and hollandaise was well done. 
Lastly the smoked pork chop breakfast I tried the pork and it was pure flavor and perfectly cooked still moist!
Lastly we each had a slice of the praline Bacon.... So worth it! Baconee, sweet, salty, nutty.... You can't go wrong.  (I read a review of some genius stating it tastes no different then dipping your bacon in maple syrup... Go back to IHOP)This was one of the best breakfasts I have ever had in my life. Off the beaten path but worth seeking out, regardless of where you are in NOLA. The Bayou Breakfast was amazing, and the delicious bloody mary we had to start made the meal even better. Fried catfish, poached eggs, maple-praline bacon, homemade biscuits, great coffee. Incredible service, great prices, cool place. This place was heaven on earth.The last two times visiting this place it was so hot!! We mentioned it both times and was told the AC was broken & there's nothing they can do... I found the hostess was a little snooty & very into her cellphone... The wait staff was alright & the food was disappointing... We had scrambled eggs, French toast, & a veggie omlet...all were tasteless. The hash browns were way over fried & cold...also tasteless. As much as I wanted to like this place, we won't be back.We were surprisingly disappointed with this restaurant after all the high reviews. We had a huge breakfast with the breakfast po boy, praline bacon, bayou breakfast with fried catfish and fried green tomatoes. Honestly, we have no idea why this place is so popular. Our sandwich came with chewy not fresh bread that didn't have much flavor. The fried catfish was bland and boring. We liked the fried green tomatoes but found the biscuit to be doughy and undercooked. The praline bacon for which they're know for was basically yummy bacon candy- good but pretty expensive. Definitely overrated.Shut up and go here y'all. First and foremost, Jen AKA #NOLAPOTTER is the best bartender, go upstairs and see her. We got 2 Irish coffees, getting 2 to go because they are that deal. I ordered the Bananas Foster and a cup of seafood gumbo. Hubby ordered the eggplant special. Got our food and I liked his better (no shade to the bananas Foster, just was in the mood for savory after I tasted the sweet). Get you a man who will switch entrees with you. The food was amazing and flavorful. Now let me go ahead and order these to go drinks and keep living my best life. Check out @nolapotter on Instagram too because service workers make this world go round all the while having multiple talents and gigs, ya dig!?While visiting New Orleans, my friends and I came here for breakfast twice! Let's just say, if I lived in NOLA, I would come here at least a couple times a week. This place is a true neighborhood gem and I highly recommend it!
This place is absolutely delicious! I had French toast and a biscuit the first day (see pictures) and scrambled eggs, home potatoes and a biscuit the second time. Everything was delicious and cooked just right! The biscuits were to dye for and my mouth is watering as I reflect on them! My two girlfriends that I came on this trip with also loved their food! I understand I am from one of the most expensive cities to live in (San Francisco), but the prices here were unreal! $6 for 2 eggs, tons of potatoes and a biscuit?! Unreal! Their coffee here and bloody Mary's were amazing! I loved how the waiter gave us coffee to go, without charging extra or any hesitation - great service! 
The decor here is very down to earth. I love how they have tons of local art all over the walls. I also love how although they were trying to play jazzy music in the restaurant itself, you can hear Drake blasting from the kitchen.As someone who has visited New Orleans every year for the past 16 years (and having hit at least 100 restaurants during that time), I somehow never bothered to go to Elizabeth's despite hearing about their bacon for at least the past 10 years. Finally visited this past November. Could not be more disappointed on all fronts. Our group of 5 tried 7 different dishes, not one of them (aside from the bacon) was worth the visit.like patrick said:  it's really all about the praline bacon.  i've only been for breakfast, and apart from the bacon, it was just an above-average southern artery-clogging breakfast, probably three stars on its own.  but, a world where praline bacon is not worth an additional star by itself is a world in which i do not want to live.  i say, go for breakfast, order the praline bacon with some eggs and a biscuit on the side.
oh, and they have a breakfast po'boy.  i didn't get it, but it looked like a holy mess.The praline bacon was as good as I have read about.  Had the eggs Elizabeth.  Got the hashbrowns, wow!  Very busy place, the cleaniliness of the floor in the downstairs dining room left a bit to be desired!  Would definately go back.  
Any suggestions for what I should order on a second visit?Very fresh, tasty food, great service, and nice atmosphere.  You expect lots of good flavors from a New Orleans restaurant, and Elizabeth's definitely delivers.I heard in the past that Elizabeth's is overrated, but recently I also heard some rave reviews, so I decided to give it a go today for the first time.  Two of my friends and I decided to go here for a birthday brunch.
I ordered the eggs cochon.  The poached eggs were cold, as were the poached eggs on the eggs sardou that my friend (the birthday girl) ordered.  We briefly considered sending them back, but we were hungry, and it seemed like too much of a hassle.  (We got to the restaurant half an hour after opening.  We were puzzling at how a poached egg even ends up cold half an hour after opening.  I suppose they were pre-poached and that the kitchen staff half-heartedly rewarmed them.  Sad, sad, SAD.)
The pulled pork with the eggs cochon tasted great.  But the portions were small, and with the cold eggs, well... it was very underwhelming. 
EVERYTHING about this experience was mediocre.  The creamed spinach in my friend's eggs sardou was "meh."  The coffee tasted thin and tinny.  My friend defended the coffee, saying, "What do you expect? I'ts like diner coffee!" I hear that... but this is not a diner, people!  This is an establishment that serves $15-25 DOLLAR ENTREES for BREAKFAST.  Brewing *somewhat decent* coffee isn't that hard.  I'm not asking for a fancy single-origin, organic roast here.  Stepping up their coffee game even a little would not be that hard, or expensive.
I am just so sad that this is the place I decided to take my friend for her birthday brunch.  Sure, overpriced, mediocre brunch food is plentiful in this city.  But having deliberated and carefully selected Elizabeth's as our brunch spot makes it sting all that much more.
I will NEVER go here again. 
PS - Yes, we got the praline bacon, and yes, it was good.  But I don't think that an establishment's ability to caramelize sugar on 4 slices of bacon (and charge $7 for it) merits the recognition that Elizabeth's receives, by ANY stretch of the imagination!Service was great and the bright colored paintings on the wall give some great ambiance. We came late morning on a weekday and had no trouble being seated. I had the smoked salmon and brie and my boyfriend had s French toast burrito special and we split the prailine bacon (A MUST). Would highly recommendI visit Elizabeth's about once a year. I was curious to try one of the chalkboard specials, Eggs Sardou. Eggs Sardou consists of two poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce atop a bed of creamed spinach and artichoke bottoms. Normally, a hearty breakfast due to the bulk of the spinach. 
Elizabeth's set theirs atop a thin sauce of pureed creamed spinach. This made it a very light dish and did not fill me up. I was really looking forward to the traditional creamed spinach. And although I love artichokes, their artichoke bottoms tasted very "briny," like canned artichokes, so I did not eat them. That left two small poached eggs and a side of grits for my breakfast. Probably only enough to satisfy the lightest of eaters. I think the $15.00 price would have been more appropriate if it had included a couple of slices of toast, or a biscuit, or something.
Disappointed in that particular dish, but I would go back and try something else. The grillades and grits looked great! OH - and the mimosa is a very generous portion size. It's served in a small plastic bar cup, but it seems like it held a lot more mimosa than if it had been served in a champagne flute.What a great find! Our Uber driver recommended this place for brunch. Very busy and service a little slow, but worth it. The food was amazing!An awesome breakfast joint.  You won't go wrong with anything you order.Great burger! Yummy ! Crab cakes  kinda shabby place yet the food was tasty! I would go againI've been here numerous times over the years when I visit.  When I went last Thursday it was very disappointing.  I ordered the two egg breakfast, biscuit, hash browns, and praline bacon.  The eggs were fine since those have to be made to order.  The "hash browns" aka fried potatoes were piping hot. The biscuit was horrible. Did they even make it that morning? It was over cooked and hard. I probably could have played hockey with it.  The bacon was eh, I've had it better from here.  Not sure if something was off that day or what.  The place was not even busy.  I hope it was just a fluke.My husband and I used AirBNB to find lodging in Bywater.  We were not disappointed.  We really felt like locals.  Anyway, because this place had so many great reviews, we decided to try it.  It was awesome!  My husband had the Elizabeth's Breakfast which he loved.  I had the Redneck breakfast, fried green tomatoes with eggs and potatoes with a delicious and tasty, not heavy, hollandaise sauce.  My boys, 4 and 3, shared a Banana Foster French Toast plate.  All the food was excellent.  We also ordered the praline bacon since it seems to be the hit of the restaurant, but it just made us want real bacon with our meals.  We went on a Sunday morning around 0830 and it was pretty empty.  However, we heard from other locals that it is beyond packed once it hits about 10 a.m.I LOVE this restaurant!  Have been for breakfast a few times, and finally had the opportunity to go for dinner.  The staff is so nice and accommodating, and the restaurant is very cozy.  
We had the following;
Fried green tomatoes
Praline bacon (this alone is worth the trip)
Flat iron steak (cooked to perfection) and 
   accompanied by our choice of sides (we ordered 
   corn and green beans- both had a little heat)
Too full to have dessert but they have a nice selection. Check out the online menuFriendly, great food and cocktails. Had a lovely time with my family on our first night in town. And when I left my credit card, and realized it the next day, they had recovered it, kept it safe and returned it with a smile. Lovely place.We have been eating our way through this town! I ordered the Redneck eggs (fried green tomatoes, poached eggs, hollandaise), cheese grits, and a biscuit & gravy. The biscuit & gravy was so darn good - and the hollandaise is perfect on the eggs/tomatoes. My boyfriend ordered the pork chop with hash browns. The hash browns were a little on the salty-side. All in all, a great breakfast.Heard SO much about this place, I finally got my butt off the couch and went! I went during a home Saints game so there was no wait. I loved the bright floral vinyl tablecloths in contrast to the ALSO bright mint painted walls and flood of local folk art. Specials abounded on the chalkboard both for drinks and brunch specials. Of course they are known for their praline bacon, but if not for that item, they should be known for their laid back & friendly neighborhood vibe and super cool waitstaff.I had the crabby eggs, it was flavorful, however, I wish there were jumbo lumps. There were also pieces of shell in the crab cakes which detracts from me enjoying it fully.New Orleans,filled with food.  I would say this and Jacques Imo's were my favorite meals.  We went here for brunch and Praline Bacon...but the whole place rocks...Don't be intimidated by the website...the place is super down to earth,from it's location to the server Brooke...So lovely
waffles,boudin balls....nothing super pretentious,just good food.BF:  You want some meat candy, baby?
Me:  Ewww!   {{smacks BF in back of head}}
--------
Elizabeth's menu:  Bacon Praline, $5
Me:  Oh my gosh, meat candy! Nom, nom, nom!
(If you want to keep that Bacon Praline in your stomach, don't visit their restroom.)Located outside of the French quarter, you will need to Uber or grab a taxi to get here.  The drive should not deter you, this is well worth it!  The decorations and unique ambience are the first thing you will notice about this restaurant followed by the exceptional food.  The menu is compact but full of creative culinary choices.  The boudin balls and praline bacon are a must have.  The large house mimosa is tasty and an excellent price for the size of the drink (no need to upgrade to the top shelf champagne offered). The portions are huge and prices are reasonable, you will not leave hungry.  Extra bonus, all drinks come in a souvenir cup!For me - died and went to heaven type of place. 
Ordered Redneck breakfast with grits (fried green tomatoes - with eggs and hollandaise) - side of praline bacon. Coffee is beautifully strong and dark.
Tasted the catfish -perfectly cooked. Moist and tender with a perfectly crunchy cornmeal crust.
Also tasted smoked pork chop - meaty. Lightly smoky. Could cut with a fork. 
Even though we were seated quickly - the server took our order soon - it took a little time before the food arrived for us. Worth the wait - just be patient. I may need to eat here everyday.We were seated right away and It is a good environment but the food is pretty underwhelming. We got the red neck breakfast and 2 mimosas, and it wasn't very good and over priced (came out to 55 dollars for 2 people)Adorable, colorful and friendly environment.  I got the praline bacon and an omelette and was very happy.  My mom saw more then she could eat with her order of a Belgium waffle, fried green tomatoes, scrambled eggs and ham.  (We were on vacation) but we all helped her eat as much as possible.  I'm not normally a fan of fried green tomatoes but they were really good.One word...Awesome! Everything is fresh and tasty! With good sized portions.
Southern eats at their best!  Mmmm! Praline bacon!!!!  Try their fried green tomatoes too!I received a message from Yelp HQ that my first review of this establishment was removed because "it did not provide enough detail about my customer experience".  I think it was removed because one of the employees did not like what I had to say.  I say this because she private messaged me and asked me to remove my review.  That's how I know her name.  I'll elaborate further this time on my experience.
Two of our party of four checked in and were promptly told it would be a two hour wait and we could either leave or head up to the bar and check in when our full party was present.  We chose to head up to the bar.  Five minutes later the other half arrived and after learning of the wait, one person decided to bail.   A member of our party informed the same hostess, Megan, that our full party was present and that we would be three.  Megan did not respond to her.  When she asked if she'd been heard she was given an abrupt "Yes", Megan then pushed past her.  Our friend met us up in the bar.
We proceed to get drinks from the very busy bar.  I've never seen a bartender move in slow motion before, but hey, we had nothing but time to kill.  About a half hour later Megan returns and barks "I need this table, move".  We begin gathering the wet jackets we had on a single chair, but it wasn't fast enough for Megan.  "I said Move!" and she pushed me with her hip.  I called her out on it and said "we are moving as quickly as we can, your customer service skills are terrible".  No response.
Another hour goes by, it's close to the two hour mark at this point, so my friend who originally put our names in goes down to check.  He checks with Megan.  She tells him "you're not on my list, check with the other hostess".  The other hostess doesn't have our name either.  We were seated about ten minutes later.  The food was really good.  But I'll never be back and I'll never send anyone to this place after the experience with the hostess.
Is that enough detail for you, Yelp HQ?Is it strange to say I fantasize about brunch here, and I can't even remember what I had?  I feel like everything there is great.  Maybe I had the shrimp and grits.  I remember noticing the specials board after I ordered.  It would have been nice if our server had mentioned that there were brunch specials before we placed our orders off the menu.  She assured me that our choices were great and that we wouldn't be disappointed.  And, she was right.  Brunch here was the best way to start our weekend in New Orleans.  The three of us sat upstairs and immediately ordered beverages and an order of the praline bacon.  We shared an order of the biscuits, too.Megan is a great waitperson who handles all questions with patience and a smile. 
Great little neighborhood place with bright cheerful decor that made me feel I was in a beachside town in Mexico. The menu has a large selection of interesting items. I had the Calas - my first time - delicious! And the fried tomatoes was done right. The Po' Boy my husband had was HUGE and delicious. Their crab cakes are also very good. 
Highly recommended.I went to meet family for breakfast this morning the place was empty only two tables taken.  I informed the hostess that I was waiting for two more people. She informed me that all members of my party needed to be present before I could be seated.  I asked where she wanted me to wait until they arrived her response was outside.  I responded you want me to wait outside at which time I told her to forget it.  I am a well groomed black professional astonished that I could be treated so poorly.   I called my folks and told them to meet me at the Ruby SlipperA terrible experience all the way around. It took 1.5 hours since the time we sat down and ate. Ordered the BLT which should have been listed in the menu as a salad, not a sandwich, it was a pile of lettuce, drenched in oil, with a sliver of tomato and then after 2 bites, found a hair in it.....so after waiting forever, all I got to eat was fries. The waiter barely came to see how we were and a manager never came to the table to see how it was going after multiple issues. As a server myself, the experience was beyond disappointing .Great place.  Somewhat of a funky interior,  which works really well.  A little out of the way,  but excellent food.  The praline bacon is awesome on top of awesome.I have been here a couple times and am yet to be blown out of the water. I suppose my expectations may have been a bit high, but I just don't see what all of the of fuss is about. 
Elizabeth's has a cool New Orleansy / Bywater feel to it, especially the bar upstairs. They have great brunch cocktails.
The last time I went there, we only waited about 20 min for our table, which is not bad for Sunday morning. We entertained ourselves at the bar upstairs while having some pretty good drinks. 
We were very unfortunately seated right next to the restrooms. To give you a better idea of how close we were, I would close the door from my seat when people left it open. The table we sat at needs to be eliminated from their seating chart.
Although the place was pretty crowded, I expected better service. Our waitress did not tell us what the specials were and when we asked she responded with "they are on the board over there." This board was one that we had to walk around a corner to see. 
The restaurant was also really warm.
The only saving grace was the delicious food. Another New Orleans menu that I could literally eat everything from.I was really excited to come through this past Sunday because I wanted to try Elizabeth's for the longest ! 
It wasn't too pack at 1030AM but we were told there would be a 10 minute wait. I totally understand that. Boyfriend & I headed to the bar upstairs & grabbed morning cocktails. 
Ghetto fabulous mimosa (6$) & Royal Pimm's Cup (9$). Pricey for what it is!
Praline Bacon (7$). Four strips of what could be the best damn bacon you'll ever have. I love the texture. The flavors, sweet & salty. Must have! 
I opted for the Duck Waffle ($15). It was very one dimensional. I love breakfast for everything that it is. The simplicity that meshes so well together. Saltiness of bacon, sweetness of jelly, texture of fluffy eggs, & a crunch of toast. Anyways, it's just mashed sweet potatoes & what little duck I could find (which added no flavor) on top of another mushy waffle. The pepper jelly added a touch of spice but nothing worth noting. 
Boyfriend chose the St. Charles (15$?) special. Blacken drum topped with two poached eggs & hollandaise. Served with your choice of grits or hashbrowns. I picked the hashbrowns which are breakfast potatoes. This dish was also meh. I enjoy hollandaise for it's creamy tartness. Which I felt Elizabeth's lacked. Overall, I felt that this dish needed more textures and flavors. The potatoes weren't anything either. 
Overall, my expectations of Elizabeth's succeeded my actual experience. I won't be back for brunch because most menu choices are variations of what I tried.Great find.  We were lucky to have relatives in the area who knew about this place.
Get an order of praline bacon to try.  it is bacon-candy.
We went for brunch on a Friday and the place was packed with a wait before we left.  I had the Eggs Elizabeth which were great.
Do not let the neighborhood nor the outdoor appearance fool you.Second visit to Elizabeth's was much more what I was expecting. Praline bacon was not soggy and the breakfast dishes had depth and flavor. Will go back.No idea why it's so popular. We walked over a mile from the Garden District to have quite ordinary diner food. The portions were HUGE but that doesn't = good dining experience for me, personally. We regretted the long walk there and back.I used to watch Fried Green Tomatoes with my Grandma every time I slept over when I was little. I always imagined they would taste a certain way but they never did until I came to Elizabeth's ! So good I came here twice in one week. Loved the bloody Mary's and the bacon !! The park across the street is not to be missed.Praline bacon and Banana's Foster French toast are both to die for!  Plus I came at a downtime in the day. The staff was very friendly and help me pick something I would enjoy off the menu. I love the relaxed atmosphere, no rush type feeling you get from this place. I will definitely be back to try more!Memorable dishes. Everything was plated beautifully and tasted just as good. Unique combinations of flavors...makes me hungry just thinking about it. The Bloody Mary was gooooood and I had several. Enormous space and for a good reason- people flock here! Go here!Wow it's good.  If you're hoping for brunch right at noon on Sunday, you'll have a wait but it's worth it.
Praline bacon is amazing.  The biscuits are huge.  Eggs done right.  Deciding between dishes was the hardest thing for brunch.
Dinner is like having your mother (well, not mine, she doesn't cook) whip up something that's going to make your belly happy.  The sides written on the chalkboard are hard to choose, they all look so good.  Had the braised cabbage and sweet potatoes and they made me happy.  Huge portions, inexpensive wine, charming little house to eat it all in.We loved eating here, although it was a long wait to get seated.  There is a bar upstairs where you can enjoy a Bloody Mary and peruse the menu.  We started with the Seafood Stuffed Mirliton with Green Onion Sauce, and boy, was it good.  We also ordered the Sweet Potato and Duck Hash on top of a Corn Bread Waffle with Pepper jelly.  It was wonderful and the waiter was quick to bring more jelly upon request.   We couldn't resist the Pork chops, Country Gravy and eggs, either!
We left full and smiling!Joy the Baker told me to come here for their praline bacon and a good brunch. But with so many places to eat, I only stopped in on a Friday morning for their bacon. The bottom floor of Elizabeth's was packed and it looked dingy and dark, but the upstairs has a bar with lots of beautiful natural lighting. I sat at the bar and the service was fabulous. The bartender was really nice and chatty.Food good but only warm.  Much too expensive for what we ordered. The service was very poor.  We had to ask for items three, four or more times.Staff seemed annoyed and the food was just ok. I expected more after reading all the glowing reviews. If the food was amazing I could forgive the staff but the food was just average, I've had better in New Orleans.I ventured out of my comfort zone and tried The duck waffle!  It's duck and sweet potato hash served on a cornbread waffle.  I was rewarded by the risk!  Simply amazing!  My friend ordered the stuffed French toast (st
Great portion size, decent price for the food (though the menu might be a bit spendy for folks who are looking for just a quick breakfast bite).  
The place looks a little dumpy from the outside, but I think it adds to the charm.  I like places like this... Places that serve great food, but obviously don't take themselves to seriously.
Server could have been a little more attentive, but she wasn't horrible either.During my trip to New Orleans, I wanted a good excuse to visit different neighborhoods in the city, especially because I like to view a city through a more local perspective, as opposed to solely a tourist perspective. 
Elizabeth's definitely seems like a New Orleanian's breakfast spot. The Bywater neighborhood definitely has a cool vibe and interesting looking homes set in a diverse area. From the outside, the restaurant looks really fun and inviting. Service was decent as everyone was efficient, not warm, but they were efficient, which works fine for me. The food is the most important thing. 
And well, the food was good, and well worth the visit. I liked that I never had quite a few of the dishes they served for Sunday brunch. I decided to have the Eggs Florentine and it was delicious. Creamed spinach mixed with potatoes, topped with poached eggs and fried oysters. 
The food was unique, yet definitely Southern, delicious, and I left full, satisfied, and happy. My boyfriend and I could be quite picky, and we definitely enjoyed this place.It's been quite some time since I've been back here, but I think about this place and the breakfast I had all the time. The praline bacon is as good as everyone says it is, and I've yet to ever have better grits- not to downplay the awesomeness of the catfish and egg that the grits accompanied. 
If you've never been, go. If you have, go back. If you're planning a trip to the big easy, bookmark this baby.Just amazing! It is definitely worth the wait. Came here for brunch on Sunday. They have a great brunch drink menu. I especially liked the pimms cup with ginger beer. You have to order the praline bacon. I also had the duck waffle. I was licking my plate it was so good! My husband had the French toast burrito and also loved it.Yummmm!! Felt like a true southern breakfast! Great for brunch with a group.Praline bacon and boudin balls--what more can I say!  
Although, I have been here several times before, I took my husband here for the first time today.  He had the grillades and grits and he loved it!   I had the crawfish cakes with poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and grits.  
It would be nice if my plate came with a biscuit or something to sop up all of the goodness, but I just had to take half of my husband's biscuit.  The hollandaise sauce was perfect, and the crawfish cake was well seasoned with a nice crust on it.  The poached egg was a little too soft, (and I love a poached egg), so I left most of it on my plate.  The grits were buttery and didn't need anything else added to them.
We had a great brunch on a rainy Sunday afternoon!Was greeted by a very unenthusiastic hostess, to be seated by an equally unenthused waitress. I ordered the Eggs Elizabeth, and asked the waitress whether she recommended the grits or hashbrowns. "I don't know." 
Okay, grits it is, Polly Personality. They arrived lukewarm and very very bland. My eggs were overcooked, and I paid $7 for four pieces of bacon, which was actually the best thing about the meal.
For the price, I just don't understand why anyone would choose to eat this food--I found the quality so lacking.This restaurant is a definite tag and release.
We went to Elizabeth's with some friends for Sunday brunch.  They had been and said that they liked It which usually is a good recommendation.  However in this case, they were wrong!
I began the brunch with a bloody mary  which was average but served in a "go cup".  Now I know why so you can pay for the drink and leave early and not have to endure their food.
I ordered something simple, Steak and Eggs (steak rare and the eggs over easy),biscuits, and hash browns.
When it came out it looked good and I was ready to eat.  Then I cut into the steak - medium to medium well- did I mention I ordered rare? The steak was covered with hollandaise sauce which will go down as the worst I have ever had.
Now on to the eggs, over easy generally means having a runny  yoke.  The yoke of the eggs did not run did not even walk just laid there stiff as a board.
Ahhh, the biscuit! It was not even hot enough to melt the already softened butter. Yep you guessed it! Cold! took one bite and that was it.
Cannot say much about the hash browns, after the steak, eggs, and biscuit, I was afraid to eat them!
All is not lost! The praline bacon was excellent as well as he corpse reviver 2 (although I could not revive the meal)! the only reason for going there would be for the bacon and the drink.  
I have eaten at restaurants all around the city, country, and the world. This one rates at or near the bottom. 
The wait staff was pleasant.  
I gave it the gracious rating of 2 stars rather than 1 because of the wait staff, Corpse Reviver 2, and the praline bacon.Praline bacon! Do it ;) Seriously friendly staff, just to warn you it does get packed, it's a small place and extremely popular locally. Bring some money, I don't know what the "2 dollar bill rating" is about. It's at least a tad bit more expensive than most seafood joints, not to mention you're going there for brunch, so if you just joined "AA", this isn't the spot for you, and you're going to spend an extra 30 or 40 bucks on alcohol. Must stop in the bywater, though.I've made it upstairs now, so time to update the old review.
Not only have I made it upstairs, but I've made it upstairs and had cocktails (Corpse Reviver FTW)! It's a totally different vibe. Both levels are homey, but downstairs is more like sitting in the best country kitchen ever and upstairs is like sitting in someone's really cool apartment. Downstairs lends itself well to daytime dining and upstairs to evening dining/cocktails. I can sit up there forever (and really, what's the rush to leave?)
I can only conclude that Elizabeth's is perfect, between the sweet atmosphere and phenomenal food and drink. 
Bonus points for the waitstaff who can not only walk up the stairs with huge trays of food but do so with aplomb.
Between this and Bacchanal, another reason to move to the Bywater.I finally ate here and it was absolutely fabulous bring your spouse or bring your friends  spectacular food and service. It's like eating at you memaws house. Casual and comfortable setting. Will be back and will tell all my friends.Food looks great, server is awesome. But, and it's a big but, saw a few groups get cut in front of us. One of em a table of 5 who apparently knew the server. For visitors like us, it's apparent locals take precedence in line. Such a shame too, was hoping for an all around great experience. :-(Decent place to get breakfast. Small and cozy. Came here after a recommendation from my airbnb host; this place seems to be more of a local hangout rather than a touristy destination, which is definitely a plus in my book. 
I got the special, the eggs cochon, poached eggs on pulled pork with a bbq hollandaise sauce, and a side of grits, after recommendation from the waitress. It was good, the grits were solid and the eggs were pretty perfectly poached. 
I would recommend this place if you want a local place to get some grub. Now I'm going to walk to City Park to work off all these calories consumed. Excuse me.My husband and I went here last weekend and I loved the divey feel and atmosphere.  We only had to wait about 20 minutes which wasn't bad for a brunch spot on a Sunday at noon.  We got the praline bacon for an appetizer.  It was definitely interesting but I don't think I would get it again.  However, I must admit I am not a big fan of pralines anyways.  I had the Bananas Foster French toast and it was very good.  My husband had the Eggs Elizabeth, which is basically like Eggs Benedict only served on French bread instead of an English muffin.  He liked it very much and said he would come back for sure, which is saying a lot for him.  He isn't impressed by much.  He also had a few Bloody Mary's, in which he said were pretty tasty.  Overall, good brunch!My favorite place for brunch. The staff are always friendly. Great Bloody Mary. If you want local go here.This is one of my top 3 places to go for breakfast in nola! The place is so quaint. We had to wait about 40 minutes for a table but so worth it! Omelette is so delicious!  Definitely recommend!!Myself and five friends travelled to New Orleans this past weekend from atlanta for a wedding and heard that Elizabeth's was THE place to eat brunch and as a chef for over 15 years I was excited to try this place. The praline bacon was fair at best. We ordered sausage gravy n biscuits for the table and that was great... However the entree of duck and sweet potato hash on a cornbread waffle I had was absolutely terrible!! Sweet potatoes were a mashed version and I only saw one speck of duck in the dish... The flavor a did NOT work well together. A couple other people at the table had similar complaints about the pork chop breakfast plate and the soft shell crab special... The server did walk by and ask how everything was and kept on walking by... I had to call her back so I could tell her about my dish, immediately she said "oh, do you want a box for that?" I said "no, I can't eat this!" and that "I didn't like it at all" she didn't even offer anything else like a different meal or refund since I only ate three bites. I left the restaurant hungry because I thought they would at least offer something. Never will go back and if anyone asks me about the place I will tell them to not even bother eating there! We were all extremely disappointed!The Bloody Mary's are out of this world for $6!! The Elizabeth's bartenders are highly knowledgeable and entertaining. The food is great...especially the Campfire Ribeye Steak and the nightly dinner specials, though Elizabeth's is probably best known for their unique and delectable Saturday and Sunday brunch menu.So this was breakfast our second day in NO, the first day was Brennan's,  and this was just as good!  I mean, it's a whole different type of experience but hey.  My husband and I had the praline bacon, of course, and I forget what else he got because I loved mine so much...the brie and smoked salmon grilled sandwich.  He had mimosas that were very good, as was the coffee.  And the staff was great...they had so much patience with us folk from the west coast.  My husband had never been to the south, and had never even seen grits.  Our server brought out a couple of ramekins of them and showed him how to eat them, either sweet with butter and maple syrup or spicy with some butter and hot sauce.  Kinda reminds me a bit of our favorite back home, Boogaloos in SF...back in the old days before it became so hipster overcrowded (although we still love the place :).  One very important thing...if you are staying in the French Quarter it is super easy to catch a cab to the Bywater, I believe it's called, but hard to find one back!  It is so not walking distance.  Especially in the humidity that you're not used to.  There is nothing around.  Fortunately we found a bar down the street, already populated with a few locals at 11am on a humid morning, and had a few drinks while the bartender diligently kept trying to call a cab for us...ahh, southern hospitality does exist.  And in the end it was a good story... ;)I have been hearing about this place for over a year and decided to try it out.  Went to their Sunday Brunch later in the day when it was not as crowded.  The wait was not too bad on 15 minutes.  I found the service lacking, no one came to refill the tea, the entrees were tepid when served, and the server did not stay around long enough for us to ask if it could be warmed.  Have always enjoyed Grillades & Grits for Brunch and decided to try theirs.  Beside the entree not being hot, the meat through tender was not well seasoned(more like too hunks of crock pot roast beef), and the gravy was also tasteless. Had to keep adding salt, pepper, and hot sauce since there was not flavor in the dish.  Will probably not go back as I found this place too pricey given the poor service and mediocre food served.This place was AMAZING!! We had a group of 15 and we were worried that it would be at least a two hour wait but we got seated RIGHT AWAY and mind you it was a Saturday morning .... Our server Rachel was so patient and super nice!!! We got our food and it was DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the shrimp/grits and it was  fireeeeee!!! we pretty much ordered all the brunch items and it was sooooo good. When we come back to NOLA, Elizabeth's will be our top priority. Omg please make sure you order a side of potatoes, I'm not even being dramatic, it's so damn goodMy favorite brunch spot! Love the redneck eggs.I was in a party of 3 and the wait was only 30 mins. I ordered the basic breakfast with a side of avocado. The food was just average, nothing over the top. I was full so they are okay in my book, I hate leaving brunch still hungry.I did it again!  I waited until I was really hungry to get something to eat for lunch.  Consequently, I merely glanced at the menu and selected a BLT and a side order of Sweet Potato Fries.  I intended to eat a light lunch in preparation for a festive evening event.  Well, surprise, surprise.  This was by no means an average BLT.  This sandwich was more of a large salad on a bun.  Instead of the garden variety lettuce version, there was fresh spinach with chopped tomatoes and red onions on a toasted bun, saturated in vinaigrette dressing.  The biggest surprise was the cubed chunks of pork belly in place of bacon strips.  Nutritious it was not, but it  was certainly delicious beyond compare and I ate every morsel.  The $10 cost was a terrific bargain but I'm paying the price now because my blood pressure feels like the top of my head is going to explode.So the real star here is the Praline bacon, umm this stuff is sick and addictive! I mean I wanted to order a second order.  I saw the lines on a weekend and decided to come back on a Monday at 2 and we got a table right away.  The shrimp and grits were awesome, portion size is large but umm that praline bacon was the real star.Great Waffle!  We recently visited and although this place is quite a walk from the east side of the FQ it was worth the exercise.  Good Food, interesting people, a bit pricey compared to other NOLA eateries.Holy crap this place was great! Praline bacon, salmon and brie grilled cheese topped with fried eggs, cheese grits. Their bloody mary mix is to die for!we've mainly been for breakfast and had the eggs with praline bacon and biscuit. They serve up fresh food that is filling and affordable. We've also had the chicken livers and burger both yummy. 
The location is great, outdoor seating available with service sometimes. There are 2-3 steps to get into the front door so it's not very accessible in that way, but once you are in all the things needed are on the first floor (i.e. bathrooms, seating, etc.) but the bar is on the 2nd floor. 
staff is friendly and pleasant.This place was a cage of monkeys on New Years Day! Our wait time went up and down each time I went back to check! Luckily they have giant Bloody Mary's for the wait! We started with the praline bacon and it was worth the hype! My eggs florentine were awesome! However, coming down off my high from Acme Oyster, the oysters were not as fresh. I also tried the the crab cake and grits which were solid! We needed a nap after this meal so be careful not to have your plans shot after it!Great atmosphere, excellent service but food was not exceptional.  My friend had the shrimp and grits which he enjoyed though the overall dish was a bit under seasoned.
 I had the catfish,eggs and potatoes which was a nice solid meal.  We sampled the praline bacon which was pretty delightful as well.  The prices, especially for a brunch, a bit more on the expensive side but it was nice to get away from the more tourist heavy locations. Also, Crescent Park is just around the corner so it was nice to burn off some calories after dining.So glad we made it here for dinner! It was busy, but by the time we got a cocktail at the upstairs bar, our table was ready. 
We started with boudin and seafood stuffed mirliton. The boudin was probably the best I've ever had. Flavorful and even, dare I say, kind of light. They mirliton was good, but the bottom was slightly soggy.
We got entrees and sides to share. The fried chicken was the favorite main dish, and the butter beans were the favorite side - but everything was excellent.I've been before, back in July and was thoroughly pleased with my basic breakfast and waffle. I came back Sunday, and was disappointed with my basic breakfast order: biscuit was dry, eggs were bland and nothing special, and the potatoes were just okay. I'm not even fond of breakfast potatoes, and they were the best thing on my plate. My husband ordered the French toast burrito, and he complained that it was too dry and hard to cut with their silverware. Service was good. The best thing about this place? Their make-your-own mimosas: bottle of champagne and glass of OJ!A little disappointed with this place. Not that it was bad, but i really thought it would be better. Had the bananas foster french toast, the redneck eggs, and of course the praline bacon.
The banana foster french toast was average. Really average. Have had much better
The fried green tomatoes on the redneck eggs was good, but the combo with the poached eggs and hollandaise wasnt the greatest combination. Not bad at all but not amazing. Their hashbrowns were really good but they were on the salty side.
The praline bacon was really good. It's pretty rich and heavy and again some that arent used to heavy southern food might find it too much, but i loved it. Its like bacon candy.
Really wished i tried some of their biscuits because i hear they area really good.Super hip spot. Service and environment were great. A little disappointed in portions and flavors. A little to expensive for what it was.Much to our surprise the anticipated 2 hour wait only lasted 20 minutes.  Definitely a unique place, but we thoroughly enjoyed it!  The praline bacon was quite yummy, but we each only needed one piece to appreciate it without being overwhelmed.  My husband had the French Toast Breakfast Wrap (which was more than enough food alone!), and I had a special with boudin, I believe.  Whatever it was, it was tasty!
We recommend for something a little different, and off the beaten tourist path.This is place is a must for the southern brunch enthusiast. I started with the Bloody Mary, which apart from the green beans added for no apparent reason, was phenomenal. Then had crab cakes and poached eggs, which was delicious. If you get grits, ask for some Tasso gravy on the side to turn them into something really special. A friend of mine had the Bayou Breakfast -- spicy catfish and eggs. It was the best catfish I've ever had, and I love catfish.I've been a faithful customer for several years b/c I love the food and vibe but lately the service, particularly hostess are rude and awful towards guests. The wait time is always tremendous and the hostess are the most miserable women when it comes to managing the list and seating guests without considerations. You'd think you were trying to get into the most exclusive Los Angeles restaurant at prime dining time on a Saturday. They really made me want to leave... so embarrasing to have brought my fam here on Father's Day. I will have to find a new spot since this has been a consistent poor treatment my last few visits.I loved this place. The atmosphere was great around brunch time on a weekend, super crowded and fun (like New Orleans should be). I loved the praline bacon, and the pitcher of mimosas.If you can handle waiting for a table, this place is a great breakfast/brunch spot in New Orleans. It's a little out of the way of the usual tourist area, but well worth the trip if you want to get out of the French Quarter and see another area of the city.The food was horrible!! The praline bacon did not live up to the hype. The waffles tasted like cornbread and they were served with disgusting cane syrup. Did I forget to mention the place had flies?! Oh, they had flies. I will not be returning. We were sat right by the stairs and back back was touching the person's back behind me.Got there when it opened. Place was clean and staff were friendly and helpful. Ordered the breakfast burrito ... it was MASSIVE, both in size and flavors.  The chorizo in it gave a good bite. It's the "Burrito that ate New Orleans!!!" ... bring a small army to help you finish it.Holy cow was the food great!  Totally worth the wait so if you think of going somewhere else just don't!  The service is above and beyond and the food out of this world.  Creamed spinach and artichoke hearts with a poached egg...and then some cheesy grits on the side...my tastebuds were having a party!!!!!  Make sure to get a bisquit too!Top spot for a traditional yet innovative breakfast.  I enjoyed the country pork chops with gravy. They were smoky and delicious. The praline bacon was wonderful.  While a bit out of the way from most tourist attractions, I was happy to have made the trip.   Other diners enjoyed the crab cake Benedict and the salmon and Brie grilled cheese sandwich.   Enjoy!One of the walls is adorned with several paintings? pictures? plagues? (whatever) that say "Be Nice or Leave" "...Hello wall, my name is Mary, I love you, come home with me, let me put you in my work space and we can be together forever" 
...Now that's out of my system. I had bananas foster french toast. I'm oddball about flavors touching but this was really good. it didnt need anything on it. no butter, syrup, but how it was was perfect. It's just out of the way enough to not be too touristy and really chill. We didnt get the praline bacon so it looks we're gonna have to go back and do it again. Darn ;-)A used to go here a fair amount, this place is off the tourist path in the Bywater and is generally not hard to get into (with the exception of Sunday brunch). Lately the quality of the food has really suffered. On a recent visit I got the soft shell crab stuffed and it was really, really fishy, like way past its prime, I told the wait staff about it and they replied "I'll be sure to mention it to the kitchen". Not sure thats the right answer. The appetizers are generally the high point here but the entree's in generally are less than great. For the money not such a great value anymore.We ended up going here twice for breakfast because there were so many great things to choose from and it was on our walk to the French Quarter.  Great Bloody Mary's, praline bacon, OJ, coffee and entrees were super.  
We will definitely visit again on our next trip to NOLALoved the atmosphere. The Crabby was SO GOOD! Get an irish coffee. Friendly and great service.Great food! Horrible service. Our waitress was a space cadet. If you get a waitress with short hair, asked to be seated in another section. Overall feel of place...loved the music pumping. Would go again for food but would sit at bar.Solid!
I've eaten here multiple times for brunch and take my visitors here. It's always packed on a weekend early afternoon, and you might have to wait for a table, but it's worth it. This joint, situated in a repurposed two-story corner house, is another New Orleans staple that makes me wish I lived in its neighborhood, in this case the Bywater. 
Food-wise, it's good, but nothing at Elizabeth's is a favorite. I don't dig on swine (yet) but some of my companions have raved about the famous praline bacon and others were less impressed. For brunch food I'll take Dante's (see my review) over Elizabeth's, but I dig the atmosphere so much that I'll be glad to come back again. On that note, two of my single friends remarked on the cute guys there, and I had to agree-- that's something I don't see a whole lot of in Southern Louisiana.I've seen people give low-star reviews for things like the service and the small, over-priced drinks, but really, this is the kind of restaurant Elizabeth's is. I think of it as a fancy hipster restaurant that serves down-home cooking. The food tasted like my mom's. 
I had steak and grits in gravy with a biscuit and a mimosa. The biscuit was dense and rich. The steak was more like a moist pot roast. The grits were probably the best grits I've ever had. (I'm not a grits fan.) The staff was hustling because we ate here for New Year's Day brunch. There was so much food that I had to take a box home; the steak made a nice sandwich the next day.The first time I came here I was thrilled. The second time it was busy, so I gave the mediocre food a slide. But today was a different story. Wednesday 11:00am, only a few other tables, the place was fully staffed. Our waitress was not in the mood to work, she took her time coming back to take our order and never once asked how our food was. There were lots of little things here and there that made this a bad dining experience. But the reason I am writing this review is because my poached eggs in my "Elizabeth's Eggs" were not poached, the yoke was completely cooked. The food costs too much to not be able to serve a proper poached egg, at 11 on a Wednesday. We didn't see our server again until it was time to settle up, so I didn't even have the opportunity to send them back or just ask for something else. I'm sure I sound crazy, I just hate bad service and I hate paying too much for simple food that someone fucked up. 
I do not recommend this place. I can't imagine what it's like when they have a full house.Don't get anything else but the Praline Bacon!! It's crispy bacon with a thick praline glaze that is out of this world!! Next time I'm in Nola, I'm getting 20 orders of just the Praline Bacon from Elizabeth's! 5 star rating for the bacon, 3 stars overall.First stop on what might as well have been a food tour of New Orleans, and I came with high hopes based on reviews. Alas, those hopes were not met. That's not to say I didn't enjoy my meal but it was simply a brunch like any other.
Pros:
- The serving sizes were well worth the money
- Cajun Bubble & Squeak twas quite tasty and they didn't skimp on the shrimp or bacon
- Didn't have to wait for a table but then again, it looked like we arrived just before the rush. Booyah.
Cons:
- Poached eggs were overcooked and not runny like a sick nose (gross...sorry)
Meh:
- My Ghetto Fabulous Mimosa was neither ghetto nor fabulous, but it was a mimosa nonetheless"Real food done real good" - I'd have to agree. We stumbled upon this place while staying in Bywater on holiday between Christmas and the New Year. Our party of 8 was directed to the bar upstairs for a 30 minute wait for a table. We were able to order drinks - excellent bloody Mary's - and even found spots to sit in while waiting for the actual table. I'm glad we were seated upstairs as I strongly preferred the ambiance to the downstairs area. 
I ordered the bubble and squeak, which I loved. The duck hash waffle was yummy, and the only disappointing meal was the crab cake breakfast special. 
Overall, Elizabeth's is great and in a very up and coming area with a ton of other fun places to bop around to. We will be back! Especially for the bloody Mary's.The best and most affordable brunch in New Orleans.  So creative and delicious.  You have to drive or take a taxi and it is a DIVE but it's good, good, good!!! Service is colorful, cocktails are in plastic cups but if you don't do anything but have Praline Bacon...it's worth the trip.Elizabeth's has a fantastic and unique menu, and I'm afraid I won't ever be able to try it all and do it enough justice. Also, this is a little more friendly to you if you're a meat eater, which I'm not (besides fish). The ambiance and atmosphere inside is super kitschy and fun and I spent a good amount of time reading the funny signs they have posted everywhere. I also love the location :) 
My friend ordered the fried chicken livers in Elizabeth's pepper jelly, and he LOVED them. I tried one and remembered why I don't eat liver, but the homemade pepper jelly was dope. He also got the Elzabeth's BLT, and I'll copy and paste the ingredients from their menu: 
Crisped Hog Jowls, Chopped Tomatoes, Fresh Spinach, Red Onion, Blue Cheese and Champagne Vinegar on Ciabatta
...Yeah, he loved it.
They had a special going on that day for some kind of grilled cheese sandwich. I wish I remembered what was in it - I think fried green tomatoes, some awesome cheese, sprouts, on sourdough?? I honestly can't remember, but it was like the Adult Grilled Cheese sandwich at Cowbell, but bigger and juicier. Mmmmm. I need to go back for breakfast/brunch and try their Smoked Salmon & Brie Grilled Cheese and Strawberry Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast.... Oh man. Until then.Awesome little place! Had the catfish for breakfast w the cheesy grits and it was great. A little pricey, but it is quality so worth it.2.5 stars if I could. It was just ok. Some things were decent and some things were underwhelming. Not sure what all of the hype is about but it's def not justified. Perhaps if you live close by its an option it not worth getting in your car for itgood in a pinch. fried green tomatoes were the best. otherwise....ehEverything is pretty wonderful here, from the customer service, to the food, to the art on the wall.  The Bloody Mary's are fabulous. Brunch is a joy here!!
Yummy yummyVisited the place yesterday morning, and it was okay.sad thing is it was recommended highly by a few sites on the net, not that we trust this automatically however it can be a good sign.I also asked a few friends on Facebook with it being recommended
First the good, the atmosphere is dope.i like the environment. 
But here it stops...there were two female  waitresses who looked like they wanted to be anywhere but there.not that the service is bad, they just could no it have cared less about our presence or whether we would have wanted our needed anything.
The food was ho hum.my wife had a for special something or other aubergine.we had the praline bacon and it was ok and I had a salmon sandwich which was ok. The same has been applicable for a lot of restaurants lately and its almost as if places are scared to season the food and we are in new orleans which is a flavorful place.
I think the place, basing in this one, visit gets good ratings our of tradition.maybe it was good at one point and it has fallen of.so a few things to consider...the food is bland the waitresses are lifeless, they need a couple of pots of coffee in their system in order to crack a smile or even say more than the basic...other than  environment the place had nothing good going for it.
Service.no
Good.no
Environment.yes.Amazing breakfast!  Perhaps one of my favorites!
The waffle with sweet potato,duck confit was off the chart!  This isn't something I would normally ordered but the table next to me said it was a must!  It sure is!The food was okay but lacked seasoning ie no salt or pepper. The food was better than the service. We never received refills and our waitress only came to the table to drop off our food and drinks.My husband and I love Elizabeth's Restaurant and always go when we get a chance.  One of the few places that also does brunch on Saturdays and Sundays.  My go-to favorite is the Eggs Florentine.  The sweet potato duck hash cornbread waffle is also amazing.  Great food and coffee!  Love this place and then we usually walk it off on the Riverwalk trail across the street.Found this place randomly after our pilgrimage to Euclid Records. The building looks really cool and decor was really nice. It's also open 24/7. We ordered an appetizer that consisted of shrimp, crab, and an oyster which was great. I ordered a burger and she had the lamb burger. Both of which were amazing. No complaints here. The Praline Bacon was off the chain!!This morning my daughter and I were at Elizabeth's when it opened. Worked out great because it filled up quickly.  One bite of my breakfast and I knew why.  I had the French toast burrito- a French toast tortilla stuffed with eggs, sausage and bacon and sprinkled with powdered sugar and just the right amount of warm syrup.  My daughter had the poached eggs with salmon and Brie on rye with grits.  Her was wonderful- except grits were creamy but tasted like they had no salt.  Coffee was great and the Pims cup with ginger beer was excellent.  Good service, a little pricey for breakfast, but worth it.Great vibe! Great food! Great Bloody Mary! 
This place was strongly recommended by a friend, so we had to try it.
Even though it was really busy, our service was great! The food was excellent! The prices were reasonable. A return trip is in order.A friend asked me for the best place to have breakfast in New Orleans during the week.  He also wanted to feel like he had a unique New Orleans experience.  My first thought was Elizabeth's.  This pretty much sums up my opinion of the restaurant.  The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is unmistakably New Orleans, and the Bloody Mary is one of my favorites.Praline bacon! YUM! We also had the gumbo, it tasted like somebody's-mother-or-father-who-really-knows-how-to-cook made it: Great comfort food, might as well have been home cooking. I love New Orleans and this restaurant makes me love it even more.3.5 stars
I really hope Yelp eventually allows 1/2 star ratings, as I feel Elizabeth's is a little more than A-OK, but I'm not quite a bona fide fan just yet, as I have only had 1 visit. 
I'll start by saying that I am really digging the bywater neighborhood lately.  Ten years ago, the Bywater was a different place.  But today, it is a transformed and thriving neighborhood.  But I digress.
A lifelong friend and co-worker of mine (JFW) has been touting Elizabeth's for quite some time now, and on a whim,  I decided to take the wife for an early lunch.  I love local businesses, always try to patronize them and give extra style points for any restaturant that converts a house into a restaurant.  It really is "Naturally Nawlins". (Thx for letting me borrow your phrase Mr. Davis).  Sorry I'm digressing again.
The vibe was totally cool/hipster and we explained to our courteous server that it was our 1st time here and needed a few extra minutes to look over the menu.  All the while we were here, my buddy (JFW) was texting me suggestions on what we should get.
We started out with a boudin ball appetizer, which turned out to be the best dish of the day.  Perfectly breaded and cooked, these big ol' balls (yeah, you heard me right) were totally moist on the inside with a very thin coating of breadcrumbs that offered a crunchy component.  Served on a creole mustard "bed", these balls are the best.  ;)
We also ordered the praline bacon, and who doesn't like bacon.  For lack of a better description, the praline bacon was akin to eating "meat candy"; if there is such a thing.  However, even the sweeteness of the praline coating could not overcome the saltiness of the bacon.  I'm not sure what the hype was all about.  Yeah, it was ok, and definitely a nice twist on bacon.  But, it didn't knock my socks off or anything.
We opted to split the BLT so we could sample as much as two adults could possible eat in one visit.  I definitely give Elizabeth's credit for their vision.  The ciabatta bread was a nice touch, as was the red onions.  However, the real transformation here was the use of hog jowls instead of bacon.  The jowls are much thicker than bacon and have a different texture.  However, for me (and my wife too) it was way way way too salty. I'm sure many people find it delicious, and judging by the reviews, they do.  But for us, it was just  a little too much.
Lastly, instead of getting fries with our sandwich, we oped to get the grit fries.  Imagine a steak styled french fry that was made out of grits instead of potatoes.  Ingenius idea with tons of potential.  However, it was a tad bland and could have used a little "pizazz".  The grits, once fried, tended to be a little too moist and the grits oozed out of the breading.  For frying, I would make a very dry bowl of grits so they could be more easily formed and fried.
It may be confusing to some, but I did like Elizabeth's and plan to return for dinner one day.  I also want to go upstairs and check out their bar; as I heard this is a completely separate and equally enjoyable experience.Wow, come early and be ready to all get something different and share.  It is all great!  Try the various takes on Eggs Benedict, but the fried green tomatoes were unbelievable.   I wasn't big on grits, but I now realize I just never had the real deal.  
If your are trying to be healthy - don't bother or come prepared to make up for it by not eating the rest of the day.This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Great ambiance, great service, and great food. Not to mention they have so many beers and cocktails to choose from.
With regards to the food, you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. For appetizers, I love the praline bacon. You will not have better bacon in your life. The bleu cheese oysters are also delicious. They also serve some of the best gumbo in the city. For entrees, my two favorites are the red snapper which is a special they do. The whole fish is fried and you just cut into it and dip it in this tangy sauce they give you. Unbelievable. Next, the stuffed pork chop is also indescribably good.
This food is indescribably good and is very unique. I've never been but I've heard they do unbelievable breakfast. Make sure to stop by.I've never had a bad meal here, and I also don't think anyone visiting me who I've brought here has, either (and that's a bunch of people). Took a friend here Saturday morning before her flight home and was pleasantly surprised that we didn't have to wait for a seat. 
Note: Every other time I have been here, I've had to wait. Be prepared for that, or come early early (when they open) or on a weekday. The place did get more full as we had our meal, so it's good we got there when we did. If you have a big group I'd expect a big wait.
Parking can also be a pain-- see above. 
I've only had breakfast and brunch foods during my visits. Never tried lunch because these are so good I see no reason to bother. Crabby eggs and praline bacon forever.
Only negative: the lids on the cream containers for the coffee seem to spill no matter what you do, which our server commented on. Guys, maybe you should get some new ones? I spilled a lot of milk on the table. Like a lot. I went through a lot of napkins and ultimately asked for a spoon to just spoon the milk into the cup.Beware.        Beware.           Beware.         Beware.       Beware.   
Food is great I was a regularer there but the waitress stole my credit card and sold it to someone  and did they have a great time (15,000) worth.  Called the management  did not even care they must have been  involved too 
Be careful.Eggs florentine was great and would have been 5 stars if there was only half of the salt on the potatoes.  Oysters were perfectly cooked and seasoned just right.  
Praline bacon was not as crisp as in the past but tasted wonderful (2 can share an order and very rich with all of the brown sugar
Service was good.  A great place to sit and eat a relaxing meal away from all of the high volume tourists.The breakfasts will definitely satisfy you and fill you up. They are just short of being truly fantastic, but not a bad option. It's good diner food. The praline bacon was really good, but didn't quite live up to its reputation. I guess I just wanted it to be a little bit crispier and more baked on. The praline spread could be brushed off pretty easily. Overall though, it's a nice place with cool art displays and decorations.Epic breakfast with the family! My brother did the ordering and he knew what to get. My favorites were the fried green tomatoes with the poached egg (Cowboy breakfast, I think it was called) and the praline bacon. 
Everything was awesome but those blew my mind. I also had one of the chicken livers, 1/2 a boudain ball, and a little cala. Yummy!
For drinks, the coffee was good and strong and the Pimm's Cup was very nice. Perfect way to enliven a rainy Sunday.My favorite breakfast place in NOLA. Get the praline bacon and shrimp & grits. Even if you are a classic overeater the portions will still be too big. Best to share plates. I've had breakfast here about a dozen times and lunch about 1/2 dozen times. Everything is great except for the biscuits and gravy which is saltier than anything than you can imagine. Note - the desserts are brought in from Whole Foods.OMG the food was worth the wait. Not that happy with being ignored at the upstairs bar for at least 20" despite my leaning on bar with credit card in hand, and being very patient. When I finally spoke up, was told unapologetically "be right with you ma'm". She did not ruin my mood, however, I hope her day got better. Loved the Dr Bob and other art everywhere too. The praline bacon was like candy, and my French toast burrito fantastic, not too heavy. My hubby enjoyed his steak and eggs too, excuse me "cold smoked rib eye" he reminded me. The wild thunder storm outside added to the excitement, but the noise level got crazy in the upstairs room by the time we left.  Seems everyone's half bottle of champagne  per Mimosa was kicking in!Go here for breakfast and you won't be let down.  This ByWater haunt is for the locals.
They have the best bloody mary's in New Orleans. the best!
Amazing grits and perfectly moist and tender biscuits.  I had the fried green tomatoes and poached eggs. Friends had crab cakes and steak on grits.  It was soooo much food, but so spectacular.
Dinner and Lunch are also good, but man, the breakfast is top notch!This spot was personally recommended by a longtime NOLA resident. I'm never one to frequent touristy spots, and this was absolutely not one of those spots. This tiny eatery is literally so tucked away that if you know you know, and if you don't, that's your loss! 
Due to the wait, you will most likely take a seat at the bar upstairs while you wait. It's the perfect opportunity to start your drink tab, especially on the mimosas! All of the drinks are excellent. I've been there twice, and have not been disappointed once!Went here for breakfast.  The smoked pork chops and praline bacon were excellent.  
Lots of great selections and portions are big enough to share.
Definitely has a hipster vibe to it, but so did many other places in the Bywater area.My new favorite New Orleans restaurant for food, mostly because they have flawless duck breast, flawless collard greens, and good lima beans. Shiny plastic picnic tablecloths wrap little tables sandwiched between a low hung ceiling and a linoleum tile floor, feels a little like a church basement. Friendly hip servers disappear upstairs to giggle at the bar and make cocktails.  A bargain at $60 for two top-notch meals.I will NEVER go to NOLA ever again without eating at Elizabeth's !! I looked over the brunch menu for two weeks prior to our trip and was too excited about the praline bacon, boudin balls, and crabby Benedict that I was gonna tear up and it was worth every ounce of excitement !! I was disappointed in a few places we went to but ELizabeth made up for all the other losers!! The bartender was so nice and cool to us and he made great recommendations !  Y'all do need samples of the French toast burrito though! I just want a bite! Haha! I'll dream about this menu until my next trip to the greatest city ever! Thank God there's not one here in Austin because It probably best that i live 8hours away from y'all's bacon!! FO REAL!The food was good but if your not dining in you will be treated like a bum off the streets. The staff is short with you and kinda rude.Nice little homey place. The Boudain balls were amazing with the honey mustard sauce. They have praline bacon... We had to try it. My sis thought it was too sweet but I'm a bacon lover. They have a bar area also. Nice people.One of the best meals of my life...bar none. The Praline bacon lived up to the hype....could eat that stuff all day! Tried lots of different stuff but I have to say the boudin ball and the OYSTERS were my favorite....and I don't even like oysters. I had other non-oyster fans in our party try them and they couldn't believe how delicious they were either. If I lived in New Orleans (and many times I wish that I did) I'd be eatin' here all of the time!!Really enjoyed our experience. Staff is super friendly and made us feel very welcome. The food was very delicious and very fresh. Definitely will come here again.Great food. The eggplant was amazing, especially the mushroom gravy. Only draw back was it was SO incredibly loud in there. But maybe I'm just a grumpy ol' manHad breakfast. The parking was less than to be desired.  It consisted of a grown up lot across the street or parking on the street. Inside was nice and quaint even though the outside looked rough. Definitely not a location to frequent after dark. We had the praline bacon which was delicious!  I had the Redneck eggs, which consisted of poached eggs on a bed of fried green tomatoes covered in hollandaise sauce. It was good, but not well seasoned. The prices were really high for what you got. It cost me $40 for two people to eat breakfast. That's high!!!  I think the food show exposure has gone to their head. It would have been 4-5 stars if it was half the cost.Food good but only warm.  Much too expensive for what we ordered. The service was very poor.  We had to ask for items three, four or more times.  
**********
Friday June 24, 2016
I dined at Elizabeth's again tonight.  Tonight the service was very good.  My server--Cassidy--did an excellent job.  Food is good.This is a must try , food is very delicious, I had the Elizabeth eggs w/ praline bacon. , my husband had Banana Foster stuff french toast. Hospitality is great , food is delicious.truly amazing breakfast
biscuits and gravy that made a lasting impressionThis was my first time eating here..it was busy but they move fast! Everything was fresh & hot when I received it & it didn't take long to come out. Food was delicious & the mimosas were bomb! Will be back againThe french toast was amazing and worth the trip alone!  The service was a little slow, but there isn't a sense of urgency to brunch, so we didn't worry about it. My greatest regret is that I didn't try the praline bacon; i've been thinking about it ever since.We just finished having breakfast here and loved it! I had the breakfast tacos and they were great. My husband loved his sausage and biscuits and of course we had to try the praline bacon which was sinful! They even offered a plain breakfast plate of eggs bacon and breakfast potatoes for the individual who just wants the basics! Definitely would come back!Elizabeth's was a great local find.  Their praline bacon is delicious!  I had their eggs aubergine which was good.  Everything on their menu looked great and the plates being brought out to every guest looked wonderful.  They serve mimosas, beer and bloody mary's.  If you are traveling to New Orleans and want to visit a local spot, Elizabeth's is a must try!  Not much else around the area so I suggest you take bikes.Overpriced. I will not return given the multitude of options for breakfast in this great city.We stumbled on this place on a recommendation from a long time resident of New Orleans.  It did not disappoint. 
I had the Pan seared scallops and lump crab.  So fresh and so delicious.  I chose the red beans and rice and cabbage as my side's.  Best red beans and rice I've had so far in NO.
My wife selected the smoked ribeye.  I must say as a guy from Kansas City, known for BBQ, smoked meats and steaks, this rivals as one of the best steaks I've ever tasted.
Must try this place.Fantastic. Came here in the advice of a staff member at Villalobos rescue. The waitress was very attentive. The food was amazing we ordered and shared a catfish Po' boy, the praline bacon, fried chicken livers with home made pepper jelly, and the gumbo. Everything was excellent!Good New Orleans breakfast. Seafood abounds. I had the fried softshell crab and fries. Prepare for grease. The place itself is cozy and service is good. Coffee could use some work, though.Great brunch!! The only negative for me was how loud it was upstairs. Mostly due to being small with lots of people talking loudly. But who needs to talk..the food was enough to keep my quiet and eating! Will be back!I had never been to Elizabeth's before, but had always heard good things.
So, I took the opportunity of having a friend in town to discover this Bywater gem for myself. Unfortunately we left disappointed.
We arrived around 11:45, busy (to be expected) and were sat at 12. Ordered all of our food at 12:10. Got the gumbo at 12:15 but didnt receive the rest of our order until 12:45. By this time the business had slowed down considerably and the people who had come in the door after us  were already enjoying their food while my friend and I waited patiently for ours.
The waitress never once asked us how our food was, or gave us an excuse for the ungodly amount of time it took to receive it. (we didnt even receive the order of boudin balls we ordered)
My friend's burger was damn near well-done, not the requested medium.
My po-boy was completely underwhelming. Crusty french bread, minimal dressing and too fishy tasting shrimp. The sweet potato fries were good, but both of us were so annoyed and full of water and the 2 cups of coffee that our waitress could manage to get for us, that we had a complete lack of appetite.
When asked how things were when dropping the check, my friend then told her the burger was overcooked and she kinda shrugged/walked away saying 'okay'.
Maybe more servers on the floor would have been best. It would have been a shame if my friend and I happened to write for a national magazine or even a local newspaper. Dont let that good reputation slide because of bad service.
Regardless, I dont think Ill be back.The parking lot is small and we got blocked in. I ordered the fried chicken and my friend had a pork dish. She got sick that night and I got really sick the next day after. I really wanted to like this restaurant since a friend recommended the brunch but I'm going to have to follow my gut and stay away.This was by far the BEST meal I had while visiting New Orleans.
It's off the beaten path but well worth the time.
Very helpful and friendly staff and the drinks are amazing... Please... PLEASE try the Praline Bacon!!!!!
I absolutely recommend you add this restaurant on places to stop and dineIt was our last full day in New Orleans. Unfortunately, the Maple Leaf had given boyfriend the wrong credit card back. It was about a 45 minute bike ride from the Treme, which is where we were staying.
That being said, we couldn't be running around town without the most important meal of the day in our bellies so we started with an unbelievable breakfast in the Bywater at Elizabeth's, which was completely out of the way but totally worth it.  Everything is made from scratch and the bloody mary's are huge and spicy. Elizabeth's is known for something a little quirky: praline bacon. I was nervous to order it at first, being that I don't care for sweet things, but the numerous rave reviews on yelp convinced me that I should. It's a very strange but unbelievably addicting fusion of smoky crispy bacon and cane syrup, brown sugar and pecans. It was perfectly balanced for my discerning taste buds: not too sweet and just salty, peppery and smoky enough to balance it out.  
I would ride a bike out of the way to go to Elizabeth's any day.  And not because I like bikes.  Or bloody mary's.  Or breakfast.  Okay, because of all of those things and more.worth the hype for home - style staples pls funky inventions.  upstairs bar is a blastWhen we have out-of-town guests, we always take the to Elizabeth's in the Bywater for brunch.  Funky decor inside and out, but everything on the menu is delicious and well-prepared.One plate could feed a family of four- go on a weekday when you can actually get a table- order a house bloody Mary you need to drink. My wife went country breakfast 2 generous smoked pork chops a kiddie pool full of grits 2 eggs swimming in sausage gravy, I had bayou b-fast w/a pile of catfish 2 eggs and delish potatoes, had an order of praline bacon, you had me at candied bacon...good bottomless coffee. Great atmosphere, outdoor seating, we'll go again and split one entree...After we discovered this place we didn't go anywhere else for breakfast the next two days.The food is great: praline bacon, grits, biscuits and coffee. Good specials too. We also enjoyed exploring the Bywater neighborhood afterward. There are some fun junk shop nearby.There's nothing more than brunch that I love. Maybe some other things like life and breath, but brunch is up there. 
While visiting my friends we stopped here on my last day. The place is adorable and eclectic just as NOLA offers itself to be. Great artwork available for purchase on the walls. Place was clean, service was great and coffee was strong and flowing. 
We shared eggs Benedict with fried green tomato and grits, sausage gravy and biscuit and praline bacon. The Stars aligned, everyone's worlds collided when bacon and a praline mated. Oh is it lovely. 
I recommend getting two different dishes and sharing because EVERYTHING looks amazing. Reasonably priced and homey feel in here. They had a number of specials as well. 
I know I'd like to try to make praline bacon since I will only get this from Elizabeth's once a year...overnight shipping??
Definitely stop in here for brunch.To start off the artwork is eye catching. It's a very fun casual funky brunch spot. Best fried oysters I had all trip! It was their special of the day... oysters Florentine. If they have it while you visit... do not miss out! Praline bacon was amazing. Chicken livers were not great but not enough to dampen my experience.Praline bacon one of a kind but mine had a hair in it. Of course normally I stop eating whatever it is, but I was ok just pulling it off and continuing it was so good. Unfortunately the hair was cooked in there pretty good, so we had to set it aside. We had the bayou trio with oyster, soft shell crab and  BBQ shrimp. The shrimp was the only good one, the oyster cold and the crab was just ok.  Fried chicken was good, nothing special. Sweet potato  casserole was yet again cold. The butter beans however were very good. We had heard a lot of good things about this place, but other than the praline bacon nothing lived up to the hype. Maybe it was just an off nite or maybe they are having quality control issues, either way I was not impressed. Being off the beaten path, you have to be worth the walk or drive, for us this place was not.Awesome bloody Mary's!!!!! Eggs Benedicts all looked amazing and the potatoes were seasoned with something perfect!! I had the duck waffle, which was a little too much sweet potato and really dry... Needs some sort of sauce. The shrimp & grits was ok, shimp were tiny but the biscuit was awesome!This place was amazing!!!! Praline Bacon was awesome and the crab cake eggs Benedict was to die for!!!! Don't forget the Bloody Mary!Expect to wait a Long time! We had a party of 9 and had to wait 2 hours to get seated for brunch. Food is great. The make your own mimosas is a great option.Elizabeth's restaurant is a popular place for breakfast goer's in the Bywater.  The interior has all the charm of a row of brightly painted Bywater shotgun houses and the walls are covered with artwork from local folk artist Dr. Bob.  The food, exciting and authentically New Orleans as it sounds, is unfortunately is just eh.  That is, except for one unworldly creation:  Praline Bacon.  Thick strips of perfectly cooked bacon, caramelized in perfect unison with crushed pecans.  It's well worth choking down an average breakfast here just to get a taste of these dream slabs.Hm. 
I'd been dying to try this place for quite some time, since I always hear amazing things. On a random wander through the Marigny/Bywater area, the mister and I decided to stop and give it a shot... It was about 11:30, so we hit the lunch menu, which had a few breakfast options.
I had a the veggie sandwich (the only veggie option on the menu) with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was good & fresh, but a little boring. The sweet potato fries were awesome. My Mr. felt the same way about his breakfast poboy- good, but nothing to write home about. I suppose our flaw was in not trying the praline bacon, but my boyfriend thought it sounded awful- which is unusual for a man who eats any and everything. 
The service was alright, horribly rushed, when they werent even busy- and the place was freezing. Atmosphere is a little bland, not very comfortable.
I'll try again if Im in the area, but I wont treck across town for it..."Don't judge a book by it's cover," is exactly what our cab driver told us upon arriving at Elizabeth's. While the exterior is questionable, to say the least, the interior is very inviting, and 'homey.' There was a ton of colorful, eye-catching art covering all the walls. For a small price you can actually take some of those beauties home with you, if you're into hot pink elephants and polka dots that is.
The food was pretty decent. I did indulge in the praline bacon (not my proudest moment), and it was tad too sweet for me, but I can understand how people may enjoy it. (I come from a family that actually puts syrup on there bacon for crying out loud). My mother had the catfish (and grits?). She insisted the fish was "too fishy" and could have benefited from soaking in some lemon juice. I explained to her that us NYC gals have probably never actually tasted fresh fish (like almost every restaurant in NO claims their fish is). Or maybe she was right. Who knows. Either way she ate is all with no other complaints.
I wouldn't say it's a must-see place in NO as the food options are pretty standard. i.e. you can catfish, shrimp, grits, and praline bacon in several restaurants. However, if you want cheap, tasty, and quick Elizabeth's is a good place to go.A real find . Outside of the tourist restaurants. The praline bacon is to die for. Everything is great. I recommend highly!I recently came across more photos from that 2016 trip to NOLA. I went with my youngest son, Chris Coons, my daughter Kelly Blood* and her husband Pete. *Chris & Kelly were there to run the Rock n Roll Half Marathon. I did some running too, mostly from our Air b & B on Belfast and south on Carrollton Street, along the trolley tracks. I' get on with my review of Elizabeth's in a moment, but a quick shout out for the Van Sickles who own that Air B&B too.
Chris had lived in NOLA for a while in 1997 and suggested that we have breakfast at Elizabeth's on our last full day there. A) Food and Service was SUPER. I had pancakes topped by Bananas Foster, which caused my wife to roll her eyes when she saw the photo of it. B) If I recall correctly, which is usually the case, they don't take cards. Brings cash. Elizabeth's is so close to the sea wall.I'm glad they survived Katrina's flooding.
Unable to add the photos here. Will do on Facebook and Twitter.
Yes, I will go back to Elizabeth's on any next trip to NOLA.