curly moustache bartender is the man. I also hear the breakfast is really good.Fairly close to the French Quarter and Harrah's Casino. Staff friendly, rooms clean but very dated. Enjoy the nightly free cocktails.It's a great location, breakfast is good and included. People are friendly, rooms are clean and the upgrades very nice. 
However until they replace the elevators, don't stay there. The staff acts like they just broke. They don't inform you about it so you feel like it's only happening to you. So you go to the front desk tell them and they bite your head off... Because they have been dealing with it for weeks! 
Why not be truthful before check in and let people know. We had a group event there, people were late. Older people can't walk the stairs. Just seems so stupid to not be upfront about your problems. How about giving everyone free wifi because of it. You know it's the little things that count, oh and the truth.I stayed here for a week while I was looking for an apartment and it wasn't bad but it did not live up to the level of quality that I have become accustomed to at the Embassy chains. The room was about a 6 or 6.5 on a 1-10 scale; not the usual 8 or 9 that you expect from Embassy. The free breakfast was good but not great, hotel parking is $30/day, and the common facilities were acceptable. On the positive side the staff was top notch and the location is great. Don't expect to be thrilled with the accommodations, if you are coming in with a picky spouse you might want to second think this place for accommodations.Stayed here for 5 nights while the hubby had a conference at the convention center. It was a great physical location. Walking distance to everything--trolley's, convention center, ferry's, and most tourist sites. The hot, buffet-style breakfast was great. It was actually the determining factor in choosing this hotel over all our other options. Staying with a family, this amenity was a must. They had nice toiletries, but the room needed a deep cleaning and new paint job. Our room had a balcony with the view of the river and convention center which was nice.I really wish there was no star! I recently stayed there about two weeks ago in room 720 and from day one we saw baby roaches. Giving them the benefit of the doubt that there was a balcony for our room we assumed that they were coming from outside. The next day we saw more and we called maintenance and they told us the next time we see one to take a picture of it (why the hell would I want to see another one ) two hours after calling them about the roaches we see a rat/mouse whatever the hell it is it's a rodent. The maintenance guy moved us to a different room which we did not sleep in because according to him he seen the mouse run out in the hall way who would want to stay in a hotel KNOWING that a rat Is roaming around from room to room. On top of that the staff were acting as if this stuff was normal and non chalant about the situation and I was told to give the GM a call the following Monday which I did and he had the nerve to question me could I tell if it was a rat or a mouse (why would such a nice hotel have either it's a rodent !! ) I really should have just stayed at a motel and saved my money for roaches and rats. Still no one has bothered to contact me and they are dragging their ass. Until this is resolved I WILL BE GIVING BAD REVIEWS TO ANYONE THAT ASK ME IF THIS IS A GOOD HOTEL.Stayed in the Lofts, and well, the room was plenty big and over the 500 sq ft listed, but opened the bedroom curtains to find a wall two feet away. The view out of the bathroom was of the parking garage. This is not abnormal for Nola and we understand. Just a point of reference. Book rooms above the seventh floor to clear the adjacent buildings. Rooms ending in 48 will be more spacious than others, as they are a corner room. Breakfast was standard  as well as evening reception, though liquors were upgraded. It was nice having a near endless supply of sodas and waters throughout the day as well as snacks. Nice touch. Valet was slow at best. Waited 15 minutes on initial drop off.I rarely write negative reviews...but...this time, I felt compelled. There were definitely some positive aspects--free breakfast and happy hour each day, large rooms and good location. But the negatives are pretty significant. The elevators don't work, unless you just want to go UP. While the sign says the problem occurred 'last week,' I can tell from the numerous reviews going back several weeks that this is not the case. The other major issue was housekeeping, or the lack of it. The maids never came--on their own--throughout our entire stay. We would come back after a long day only to find our room exactly as we left it. I've honestly never experienced this at an Embassy Suites. The front desk was very nice when we called to complain, but it kept happening day after day. After our experience, I do not think I would ever stay here again.Currently under construction, so the experience is not as a normal Embassy Suites.
The bell hop was great & valets were very hospitable. 
The rooms are still in need of some final fixes & due to the lobby being under construction the hotel is doing their best to have a breakfast area, and staff is friendly. Over all the experience just is lacking in the norm of Embassy.
Also we had to ask for some fixes to help off set the inconvenience of items. For example we had to ask for complimentary Wi-Fi, instead of a natural free offer. Also they forgot our gift bag for being a honors member. 
The business center is out in the open and seems to be a little inconvenient for use. 
Some of the rooms are actually outside to get to and the walkway is not finished or allows one to think they are still a part of Embassy Suites. Sort of like a Twilight Zone moment.The poster for Jazz Fest 2012 came out today (go T-Shorty!), which makes me sad because I can't attend this year. Sniff sniff. Next year for sure!  Thanks to a hot tip from a friend and NOLA regular, we stayed here during Jazz Fest two years ago and would definitely pick it again for my next personal visit to my favorite city because the free breakfast buffet and cocktail/snack reception daily made it extremely convenient and quite a steal. The rooms are not the newest or nicest, but are pretty spacious and were a fine bargain compared to everything nearby, especially on a heavy traffic event/festival weekend. We booked a suite for four of us that featured a living room with a pull-out queen sleeper couch, tv, sitting chairs, table, desk, a balcony overlooking the river, a bathroom and bedroom with another queen bed. We definitely took advantage of the a mini fridge with all the drinks we carried in and out of the room due to the lovely liquor laws in New Orleans. The breakfast buffet was huge and included any breakfast item you can think of - eggs, bagels, muffins, toast, pastries, cereal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, juices, coffee, tea and best of all, a made-to-order omelette bar where I loaded up on veggies each morning. The eating area was large and light-filled, not dark and dungeon-like, as some hotels can be in the morning. Between 5 and 7pm each night, you can get free cocktails, beer, wine and bar-type pretzel snacks near the reception/check-in area. Hard to beat that! There is a small but nice pool with plenty of lounge chairs and a hot tub that soothed our aching feet after long days traversing the fairgrounds at the festival. We were a short walk from the street car that you can ride into the French Quarter, but you can easily walk that short distance as well. I'm already plotting my return.We were greeted by friendly staff when we arrived and, since we were early, we were offered free luggage storage until our room was prepared. When we got to our room, it was clean and orderly and the couch pulled out to a full bed (not the most comfortable, but definitely not the worst thing I've ever slept on). Free breakfast and happy hour were a HUGE plus! Front desk staff was always friendly and helpful, but wifi could have been a bit easier to access (I had to call the front desk every day because they frequently change the passcode and the signal strength isn't great). Good location if you are attending any events at the Convention center, but a good hike if you're looking for Bourbon St or the French Quarter.Pros-Free breakfast awesome, free happy hour, two-room suites, very quiet rooms (thick old walls my guess), balcony, nice comfy beds.  
Cons-Unfriendly front desk check-in, not one smile or kindness detected whatsoever from the thin African American lady with the heavy sparkle makeup on her eyelids.  Seriously, zero customer service skills from this one.  She barely looked up as she spoke in her monotone, slightly annoyed voice.  Although, I noticed the beautiful man of color who came up after me got slightly better treatment than we did when asking the same question, which I found annoying.
Other cons--old building, rooms old, 2nd floor rooms and hallways smelled of rotten eggs the whole time for some reason, PARKING expensive as crazy heck.  Pool is outdoors, but super tiny and not a very attractive area in general.  Elevators a bit slow.Nice suites and quiet rooms.   Balcony is nice except at night when the spotlight blinds you.  
Elevators slow and sometimes out of service.   Breakfast is just ok.   They should get more chairs as guests are always shuffling them around to accommodate themselves at tables.   
Also happy hour isn't so happy with a rude bartender.   
Great location.   Clean.   Housekeeping is friendly and thorough.    
I do like the diverse crowd.   Guests are nice.Tiny toilets and somewhat odd shaped/configured rooms. Either Embassy was not allowed or it was simply cheaper to not do any significant interior work to the building they bought to create the hotel.
However, circling back to the major reason I won't be staying here again though is the fact that everything in the bathroom was designed for extremely short people, is it so hard to have the shower head be taller than chin level? Is it more expensive to buy a toilet that sits more than 12 inches off the ground? I am in no way exaggerating when I say that every time I sat down on the toilet my meat missile would literally hit parts of the toilet bowl that are not meant to be touched. So either the toilets were designed for less endowed men or only for women. It was very uncomfortable to do anything in the restroom at the embassy.
It's a real shame since the service from staff was beyond good and they deserve to be complimented by equally excellent facilities to make a truly comfortable and pleasurable experience in NOLA.Overall a good place to stay. It's a 20 min walk to the French quarter and a 40min walk to Frenchmens. Uber is readily available and is 6-10$ anywhere in the city. The breakfast is made to order but there are so many great cafes I don't know how much of a benefit this is. The service was prompt and good. The downsides are that the cleanliness was lacking (the 3rd floor had drywall looking debris all over the floor for 3 days and the walls look grimy)  and the AC units in the rooms are ridiculously loud. I am not sure if I would stay here again. I might try one of the other hotels in the area.I read the reviews and figured I would give it a shot. Wish I didn't. Bugs in the bed and couldn't sleep a wink! Only refunded half my money after I demanded to talk to a manager. Save yourself the trouble. Hotels are renovated in the rooms but it seems like they just slapped some paint on the walls and an unshakable dingy feeling. I'm usually not super picky but there is that feeling of clean vs. undeniably dingy.This review is based on other Embassy Suites I've stayed at  across the country.
This is the WORST Embassy Suites I've stayed in.  I've opted in for an upgrade for $9 a nite in a room with a balcony.  
I'm a Diamond member due to my extensive travels to the Hilton Chain of hotels but I generally prefer the Embassy Suites as my choice hotel due to the higher standards and spacious rooms for Business and Leisure travels.  I'm a bit of a snob as these hotels have become my second home.  I'm bless to have a lovely wife that keeps the house clean for us so I expect the same everywhere I go.
The service is terrible, no welcome, no friendly smile, staff generally are on their mobile phone or simply looking away when I presented a friendly smile, the only friendly gesture was from the Valet and every day.
We had an issue with our reservation and they didn't seem very helpful at all, they gave me the impression that they were quite annoyed that my reservation had an issue and the fact that I had 2 separate reservations that would've created a bit more work for them.
On to my room,(1203) The room seemed very dirty to me, couch is very well broken in, carpet a bit scary, walls were noticeably dirty, bathroom was the typical bathroom.  Nothing to scream over.  Very disappointed in this Embassy Suites.
Next:  The valet service.  Although they seemed nice and friendly.  I must admit that they are not out to take care of your car, they appear to be taking it for a joyride.  I received my car the next day with a very noticeable scratch on my bumper that I must admit that I didn't report.  I chose not to report it because it was a rental car and that I had purchased insurance on.  The last time I took my personal car to New Orleans the valet guy bottomed out my car and it cost me thousands to repair it.
My bill, since I used points for my stay I would've thought that there would be charges for only Valet and the Upgrade, instead they had charged me my points plus the cost for the stay.  I'm sure it was an honest mistake or am I giving them too much credit.  Since I didn't receive a bill, I arrived at the front desk and they only presented me with the Valet bill and said that was it.  Upon arriving home I checked my CC statement and noticed a surprise they had left me.
In summary:  I will not recommend this hotel due to their lack of service and condition of the room I stayed in.  I was told that there was a Embassy Suite Loft down the street which is the nicer Embassy Suite.  I would probably give it shot if I ever return to this Hotel.
I didn't try Breakfast or the managers reception but I did noticed the lines were pretty long for both items mentioned.
good luck, I hope your experiences are better than mine.We just checked in & found a used bandaid on the floor & multiple hairs on our bedding. Hotel lobby is very artistic but the hotel needs to be cleaned up.This place was amazing! We stayed in the Lofts and the room was updated. Pretty much the complimentary mimosa/bloody mary bar at breakfast and happy hour/snacks won my friend and I over. The breakfast was great (made to order waffles and omelets) and they even had cookies at night!  The room was spacious, and the bathroom was the biggest hotel bathroom I've ever had.  Loved the mirror!  The halls were quiet considering it was Mardi Gras - we didn't have a bunch of loud partiers, at least by us.  The staff we interacted with were polite.  It was a bit of a walk to Bourbon Street, I'd say about 20 minutes.  
The only thing I would avoid is the red beans and rice at Happy hour - they made my friend and I sick.Once again, this was the worst stay in a hotel I have ever encountered.
My previous comments have been removed so I shall write again to warn everyone to avoid this property at all costs.
My boyfriend is a HH gold member & I work at a Hilton Property as well. We had ants swarm out bed, our luggage was misplaced & took over 2 and a half hours for it to be returned to us after our room move. The Front Office manager expressed she did not staff properly (when it was Mardi Gras & an annual event) & did not make it right for our stay.
The location is great but not  worth your buck for the service you receive. I can certainly say the Hilton promise was not met. The worst is we never heard back from any type of manger or general manager. Disappointing !The hotel had a prime location in a quiet section, only a 5 minute walk to canal street. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was adequate. The selections during breakfast were limited, something unusual for Embassy Suites. The hotel itself seemed kinda old, however the hotel rooms were nice and had good space and better-than-average beds. We stayed here four nights and we will probably come back again.Do not stay here! I haven't showered in two days.. I've got new Orleans filfth on me and no hot water to wash it off! We checked in may 12th,  2015 and that night had hot water,  the next morning we didn't have any through the rest of our stay.  We called the front desk.  The lady was so rude.  She said we got a letter,  there was signs posted and it was on our key card about the water.  Uhh. No.. We did not see/get any of those warnings.  She lied. Seriously we double checked our key cards nothing,  letter.. Huh? What letter.  And signs.. There was a sign posted but it said the elevators would be working slow bc the up button only worked,  you could ride them but you always went up to collected passengers before heading down.  But not a thing about water.  I should've taken a picture of our key card and the elevator sign. Why weren't we informed upon check in in person? Dewana was the front desk lady's name and she kept telling us like we should have known. She said its been out for two days the morning we called.  But it had worked the evening before so she was all wrong.  We said we needed to know when it would be back on so we could make a decision about staying there or moving hotels.  We have small children so jumping hotels is not the easiest thing.  We figured if it was on soon we'd stay.  She said she was going to call us back in 5 minutes and never did.  Someone sent a dirty looking plumber engineer guy to our room. He promised we'd have hot water by that evening.  He said 12 hours.  So we took that and went about our day looking forward to showers and baths that evening.  But no. It didn't work at that time.  So we called back the front desk.  Talked to a manager who said she had no idea why he told us that. We called the 800 embassy number and they helped us get 75% of our money back on our stay.  The hotel was still checking in people as we were checking out and I didn't hear them tell them either. Someone even said it was sold out this weekend.  Our room was never cleaned the entire time either but she did come by while we were there and dropped off fresh towels.  (ha.. Bc we couldn't shower. So no towels needed)..  On the plus side it has a very awesome breakfast! I think everyone says that.  There is any breakfast food your heart desires.  They give you breakfast vouchers to get into the breakfast area but you don't have to show them.  Just stay somewhere else tho,  there is plenty of hotels with way better staff and most importantly hot water!My SO and I stayed at The Lofts, which is a renovated warehouse next door to the main building.  It's a step above, and it's clearly worth the upgrade!
The rooms are well-done, and retain some of the exposed brick and stonework of the original warehouse.  Beds are comfortable (as would be expected at an Embassy property) and the area was quiet.  The fact that our room (447) was facing a brick wall next door might have contributed to the serenity...  so if you're looking for a view, request a higher floor than 4 or 5.
The shower was one of the strongest I've experienced (in a good way) and the bathroom amenities were very good.  The lighted mirror was particularly useful for getting ready in the mornings.
Brunches were extremely well-done - the made-to-order omelets, the fresh fruit, the genuine bacon perfectly cooked, and the homemade waffles all deserve praise.
The staff was attentive and professional, and the location in the rebuilding Warehouse District gets you close to some up-and-coming new spots in NOLA while keeping you just far enough away from the craziness on Bourbon Street to leave it behind.During my stay I found an empty beer bottle on the balcony at check in, for 4 days the elevators were malfunctioning, offering only limited and untimely elevator service, valet service was very slow for the $35 surcharge, the wifi service kept going down, two days of no hot water, and on my last day there wasn't enough water pressure to turn on the shower. I've stayed in $40 a night motels that had it more together than this place!This hotel makes Hilton a bad name.  First room had a pull out couch, with a full size bed, in the "King Suite".  Below was a large area for breakfast and bar, so loud, I had to move rooms.   The gum on the floor was a little shocker.  They moved us to "The Lofts", which were ok, but it was already 10pm with 2 kids traveling all day.  
The hotel is walking distance to the French Quarters.  But, this is a very busy hotel, so do not expect anything quick, like the 2 extra towels I requested.  I'm still waiting.I stayed here from Thursday, March 22 to Monday March 25. This was the only hotel in the area under $200. The staff was very nice & polite. Everything about the room was good. Valet parking was mandatory and over $40 a day. That's the only downside but that's to be expected in NOLA. They served an amazing complimentary breakfast every morning. The older black lady making the omelets was awesome. We made sure we had breakfast everyday of our stay. The hotel also offered a complimentary happy hour in the lobby which featured drinks of your choice & small snacks.... another added bonus. I was very happy with the location also. I was able to walk to the casino & Riverwalk mall as often as I wanted. All in all, I had no complaints at all about this hotel & I would definitely recommendThe staff at this hotel is amazing. I couldn't be any happier and that says a lot. They are looking for ways to help people and engaging guest to help. Overall the people in this city are incredible. I do all I can to stay at Hilton branded hotels and I'm never disappointed but this hotel brings an new level of joy.
Our room was quiet and comfortable. The breakfast and happy hour was first class.We stayed here for a little vacation after my husband had a few days work down here.  It was okay but not worth what they charge, more like an extended stay. Housekeeping was lacking, first day our room didn't get cleaned until after 4, didn't replace glasses, left a note asking for 4 towels got 3, and not friendly and knocked on our door when privacy sign was on it before 10am wanting to know if we wanted our room cleaned that day. Just not your standard Embassy Suites.I came here for a work conference. I chose the embassy suites because I'm use to the quality of the hotel. I've been to the one in Washington, DC, Virginia, and other areas. It's always been a nice experience.
My visit to the embassy suites in New Orleans did not meet these expectations. The lobby itself is beautiful. The staff were okay. I arrived at 11am, I requested an earlier check in because o was attending a conference and wanted to attend the afternoon workshops. They didn't have my room ready which was understandable. They offered to store my bags and text me when the room was ready.
I had not received a text by 12:30 so I decided to go  to the workshop in my travel close so I wouldn't miss anything. I finally received a text at 3:55. Check in is at 4 so there wasn't any benefit to that.
I finally checked in around 5:30 after my workshop.
The room was supposed to be an upgrade for an additional $11 per night and it was less than amazing. It had a small balcony that didn't include anything. There wasn't a table or a chair. Just a place to stand. The bathroom was extremely small, the living room and bedroom were both standard.
The best part of my stay at embassy was the complimentary breakfast and the free happy hour each night. The breakfast was wonderful. Made to order omelets, french toast/pancakes, bacon/sausage, potatoes, juice and coffee. It really adds a great touch to the stay.
The absolute downside to my stay was someone entering my room other than housekeeping. We had a do not disturb sign on the room and thank God the lock was on. Despite all of this the "sales staff" thought the room was vacant and was trying to do a tour. Now if I hadn't been in the room they could have had access to our valuables, etc.
This was very disappointing and did not make me feel secure. I immediately contacted the front desk. They called and offered an APOLOGY. I got a call from Amy and Meonia. That was the extent of that.
I requested a later check out. The 11 o'clock check out time was a bit early. Brad allowed me to check out at 12:30. I was appreciative of that.
I will not be returning to this hotel. Especially when there are so many other affordable hotels in the area. I may not get the amazing breakfast but I'll cope.Upon arrival there were 2 bellmen on staff. Not enough for the number of arrivals. When I asked for a luggage cart I was told that they could not allow guests to use them themselves and that all the bellmen were busy. It seems that Amber at the front desk had plenty of time to chat with two employees that were just standing there. I was not happy. After checking in, Amber voiced the fact that she is only there to look out for herself and didn't care about anyone else or their problems. This was totally uncalled for and if that's how she feels, she should not be in the customer service industry. When we arrived in our room, there were what looked like blood spatters on the wall, and scotch tape on the window covering in the living room area. This hotel was a total disappointment and not what I've come accustom to with staying at Hilton properties. When I went to use the sofa sleeper there were no blankets in the closet. This is just a horrible property.I'm Hilton "silver" and this was a milestone birthday celebration in Feb 2015. It was ***great*** to experience temps in the upper 70s as opposed to the BRRRRRR cold here in North AL. Anyway, I digress. 
Check in was a breeze, although a minute or two slower than normal, due to the ES rep. explaining directions to the convention center to a customer ahead of us. 
The balcony was such a joy with a really lovely view!! Nice to have the door open! 
The manager's reception was slightly subpar because there was only one bartender (translation slower than normal service) and the food was slightly weird, one offering was an odd mixture (on one night) of tostada chips and a sweet dip/sauce. I don't recall the other offerings, food wise. 
Location, location, location - we walked everywhere and loved every minute of our NOLA stay. 
The elevator was slow, but not broken, when we were there. 
The only drawbacks were our room door stuck to the point of almost having to kick it to open it and the fact that when we checked in we moved the reservation from my husband's name to mine, so I could increase my HHonors points and was told "yes," when it turns out  the only credit I received to my HHonnors points was for the amenities charges. 
We always use Hilton properties when in NOLA, and we will definitely consider this ES on our next trip to the Big Easy.Spent the day here for a seminar... The meeting room was nice and temperature perfect...
The staff was on top of everything and the hotel was clean... 
We will be scheduling future seminars here when looking in the CBD area...I would say this hotel is average at best.  Yes, you get a good breakfast and drinks at night. However, the rooms themselves are run down.  Leaky faucets, cold water in shower, and hvac system VERY loud!!  Not worth the $$$Free cocktails hour and semi-edible breakfast. Internet was very poor. Thank goodness we had a free coupon from the conference we were at and did not have to pay for Internet. the elevators have been out of service most of the week, they run but very poorly and you have to stop on every floor and go all the way to the top before you come down to the bottom. The staff has been friendly and the room is very clean. The pillows are super flat and I have a crick in my neck, but overall I've been here for a week its clean, friendly, and within walking distance to the French Quarter.Breakfast: awesome! Rooms are a little older but I guess that is expected for New Orleans! There are 2 buildings, I liked the accessory one better! The main one kind of smelled! Front desk an Sacha (who helped with my language) were the best! Enjoy your stay!Let me tell you about this place, & hopefully you will never waste your money with them. My wife, son, & I stayed there July 25-28 2018, & let me be clear, we will NEVER stay there again. Let's cover the basics. First, we check in to a room where the HVAC unit was not working. Oh, it was blowing, blowing hot air. After their Engineering team spent over 30 minutes trying to find the problem, we asked for another room because it was 10:00pm, we had driven in from San Antonio, & we were tired. They DOWNGRADED us because that was "all they had". Instead of trying to find us a room like we had reserved at another property, they downgraded us. Didn't offer to pay for parking, didn't offer ANYTHING. So, we move to our new room, which was not Hilton standards if you ask me, but it was cool, had a halfway decent bed, & we were tired. Next morning I asked the front desk if they had adjusted my rate to the DOWNGRADED room that I had been moved to. They were going to CHARGE ME THE SAME RATE!!!  Can you say "NO!"  After a very short, but charged discussion, they changed my rate to what it should be. We check out, PAID THE ROOM IN FULL (pay close attention to that last statement), & went home. A week and a half later, we discover that there is an additional pending charge for the EXACT SAME AMOUNT that we had already paid in full on our credit card. I sent the General Manager an email stating so. He replied that it was impossible for them to do that. Amazing, this morning (after him saying that was impossible), the holds were all gone. This place is a joke!!!  There are so many nicer places to stay in New Orleans, don't waste your time here!!I'm am sitting here waiting for valet and no body is here. I was told he was at another location so I'm waiting for someone to return so I can get some sleep and leave for a flight 3 hours away. AND!!!! My door keys didn't not work, my daughter went down stairs to get them corrected and she came back up to find out the both still don't work, so I had knew ones made AGAIN! but what a hassle. I have hiltonhonors and have sleep at different embassy suites in various locations. By far this one is the worst and I will not be coming back here.  Been 20 min and IM STILL WAITING FOR A VALET AFTER PAYING 30something dollars for it. This is CARZY!!!!
Plus elevator isn't working correctly you have to go up in order to go down so we have to use the steps or staff elevator which also seems to be going down also. SMH!!When checking in, the staff was nice and accommodating. The rooms are spacious and clean. You get free breakfast! Which helps offset the cost of parking. They have a happy hour from 5:30-7:30 with FREE drinks and small snacks. Love it!Front desk staff was extremely helpful.  We loved the balcony and having a suite was very helpful because there was a tv in both rooms.  The complimentary breakfast buffet was quite a surprise also!  The breakfast buffet included: eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits, sausage gravy, omelet station, cereal, oatmeal, grits, pastries, bagels, coffee, soda machine, juice & milk.  Valet is $42/night but they were extremely professional.  Would definitely stay here again.The customer service in general was up and down, but DIANE made up for that! Such a sweet person. I think she works in the concierge department. She made my girlfriends and I feel so welcome on our weekend getaway and even gave us hugs goodbye "I just want people to leave New Orleans feeling like they love the people as much as I do". Wow, what a kind person! Thank you Diane!Very nice hotel!  Staff is outstanding, very friendly and has the southern charm that I'm not used to being from the North.  Couldn't be happier with the room I chose when offered the ability to do so last night before arriving today.  Beautiful king suite with balcony.  Very pleasant surroundings, furnished well and a nice, comfortable bed.  
So far very quiet in the hotel itself, noise towards the street outside of the balcony, but that cannot be helped.
Had a little issue upon actually being in the room where there was some sort of Chlorine smell coming through every few minutes.  The reason this isn't a 5 star review is because I had a difficult time getting in touch with someone at the front desk -- literally rang more than 30 times before someone picked up.  They said they were sending maintenance up to take a look, and though maintenance came up it was more than 2 hours later.  The Chlorine smell was making me ill.  Maintenance staff, though couldn't find the cause, fixed the smell issue.  But it shouldn't have taken 2 hours for someone to come take a look at a potential health issue sooner than later.
Aside from that issue, so far so good.  I'll update the review again at the end of my stay to include the features I haven't experienced yet.
All in all, its a nice place in a nice location and aside from the minor issue its been great thus far.This hotel is at a great central location.  We walked everywhere.  We had great customer service all the way around from valet, front desk, to breakfast.  Complimentary breakfast was great.  Rooms were clean.  Even when we had a problem with our toilet, the repair was quick and polite. The only complaint was that it was a bit pricey, but we were happy.Happy hour line is way too long for beer.  The wine/sangria is reasonable.  But really a 20 minute line for draft beer is overkill.  The operations manager needs to call me.I LOVE the Embassy Suites brand and stay with them often. This is definitely the worst Embassy Suites I have ever stayed at. Will not return to this location in the future.
We arrived an hour before check in. We were told to wait and our room would be ready soon. About 45 minutes AFTER check in, we finally got a room. The bellman, Mikel, was nice and helpful. The front desk staff, not helpful or nice. I stood with 3 small children in front of 3 workers at the front desk for a full minute before I had to ask to be helped. The views from the hotel are lovely. Elevators don't work well.
Asked for a room on a low floor; got floor 15. The room was clean except for long black hair in the shower and a 2 inch tall flying insect that terrorized us.
Got woken up at 5 AM by the alarm system. Had to dress quickly and grab my 3 small kids out of bed. Then walked down 15 flights of stairs to find out it was a false alarm. Overslept as a result and missed breakfast by 5 minutes. A sympathetic cook gave us a few pancakes. Again waited to be helped by the front desk when trying to break a $20 to tip the nice cook. Told to wait by the manger who then made a phone call. Wrong priorities. I'm looking forward to leaving tomorrow.I have stayed at different Embassy Suite locations throughout the U.S. I am writing this review in comparison to others.
I found the staff to be very friendly, and the location was perfect since I was in NOLA for a convention.  Unfortunately I found the room below par and in disrepair.  One phone did not work, the chair back was broken, one of the TV's had a terrible picture on many of the channels, and I found the houskeeping services poor.  
The free breakfast was also below the standards I have come to enjoy at Embassy.  Old pastry and what I believe was yesterdays greasy reheated bacon.  
The dining room (Sugar House) had a simple menu and reasonable prices.  However, they were out of a lot of things and we had to send the soup back and the service was very slow - I mean really slow.  
The Concierge was PERFECT!  Thank you.  The free drinks were also excellent.This place is a shithole. No hot water. The free breakfast sucks. What's the point. Do better.***** This review is for the lofts******
Stay was great. This hotel is in an excellent location where you're able to walk to almost all the places you want to go downtown. Service was excellent from the staff. The breakfast was fabulous. The chef that prepared the made to order breakfast was so nice and friendly. She made every morning of the stay a delight (plus she made an out of this world omelet). The front desk staff was so friendly and handled all the requests that I asked of them very professionally. The room was nice and clean. I really had an excellent stay.Perfect for us and ideal for others returning from their Cruise. This was our first trip to New Orleans. We were off the cruise ship at 8 am and had a reservation here. (It was a short 0.5 miles - but take a taxi or Uber/Lyft is traveling with a lot luggage). The original check-in time is 4pm but since it was a Monday, we thought we would try our luck. Glad we did. We were greeted by a very friendly and professional young lady who was able to find us a room and recognized our Hilton Honors membership- her name was Beeson. The bed was very comfy and you can't beat the Manager's welcome reception and ready made breakfast. Thank you Embassy Suites and especially Ms. Breeson. Proud to be a HH Member.Room smelled like sewage - complained and took two days to offer another room (2nd floor balcony).  Happy hour snack selection was minimal -- no comparison with most other Embassy Hotels!!  Would not stay again for the $$ price!Worst Embassy Suites we have stayed in. We checked in at 4 (normal check in time) and were told our room wouldn't be ready for a while. We checked in our bags at the front desk and waited for cocktail hour. Around 6pm they said the room was ready. I requested that they bring the bags up since we had a tour booked at 8 pm (ghost tour - not worth it either). We went up at around 7 pm to get ready for the tour and of course, no bags. They finally brought them up. The next morning, the lines for the breakfast were unbelievable and extremely slow. It was like the whole hotel was very understaffed. The rooms were just ok....the hallways were a bit creepy and weren't anything like other Embassy Suites. Very concrete and white. They did give us a $75 gift card for the restaurant for the inconvenience but when we went to get dinner before our tour, we were told they were very backlogged and we would have completely missed our tour. We spent the full next day out and didn't return until late so we couldn't use it then either.Our stay was okay it's a really old building! No hot water, no sheets for pull out couch took a while for them to bring. The tv remote did not work. They need to hire more valet employees had to wait a long time for car, then they couldn't find the car. Wouldn't stay again.Stayed in a 2 bedroom king suite which is actually a king suite with an adjoining king room (why do they all overstate their accommodations?!). The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and the amenities adequate. The air conditioner in the king room was very loud. Taking a shower was interesting as the water temperature fluctuated.
The hotel location is a few blocks from the WW II museum, trolleys, the casino, and the quarter. All of the hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful - best concierge service I have experienced in a long time. The fitness room is larger than most these days and has free weights, machines, and treadmills and ellipticals.
BUT a few things really irked me. 1. The breakfast buffet. Billed as "cooked to order" and it is true that you can get your eggs cooked to order but the main breakfast is buffet style.
REALLY REALLY dislike having to hand in a free card to get handed a tray, napkin, fork and knife at entry. I understand the ticket but really, a tray with a single napkin, fork, and knife?!  Oatmeal is good but why have almonds instead of pecans in NOLA?! Why not have milk and half and half next to the oatmeal? Fresh fruit consists of old mushy apples, hard to peel oranges, and sliced honeydew melon and cantaloupe. No bananas, no strawberries - that's it, every day the same. The fresh breakfast pastries are really sad looking. But the worst thing about this breakfast is the coffee - absolutely horrid. Although they say they proudly serve Starbucks, that is in the coffee shop - not the buffet and even though you have to pay for it, it is not much better. The choice of cold cereals does not include granola. I will say the made to order egg dishes are truly made to order and well prepared with a smile no matter what the request is, but in a city renown for its high calorie meals one hopes to get a healthy breakfast instead of a heavy egg dish. The breakfast ends promptly at 9:30 weekdays and things are not refilled up until the last minute but are instead allowed to run down. 2. They advertise a free drink happy hour from 5:30 to 7:30 weekdays. This is well attended but inadequately staffed. The line stretches and the drink options are severely limited - the snacks even more so. Still what people will endure for a free drink. 3. $30 a day to park your car?! We chose instead to go carless which was no problem at all. 
All in all I feel the price was not a value by any means and would probably stay elsewhere. The biggest plus for us was the proximity to the WW II museum and the quiet location and comfortable clean rooms.After making reservations months in advance my family and I arrive at this hotel at 3:19 when check in time starts at 3:00. It turns out the phone lines are down and they are using walkie-talkies to communicate. (How professional!)(note the sarcasm) . We wait from 3:19-5:40 to get the rooms that should have already been ready. As we waited we asked for some sort of discount or restitution, we were completely blown off and the receptionist responded with attitude. For those of you looking for a hotel I would not recommend this hotel due to bad customer service and for them not being prepared.Good location, within walking distance to everything you want to do in NOLA. Free breakfast and happy hour is a big plus! 
Cons- rooms are old and dark. They don't seem to clean up often. Part of our group, didn't have their rooms cleaned the 2 nights they were here. I saw plates and dirty laundry left in the hallways for several days along with a huge winged bug. They claimed and left a card stating the room was cleaned with care but didn't leave any toilet paper! Have had to call every day for extra towels (given we had 5 ppl in our room but it sleeps 6!) had to call for toilet paper, basic necessities you expect to have once "house keeping" comes through. 
Probably won't be staying her again or recommending to others.
Sink was cracked in the bathroom, the only window we had in our room over looked the atrium inside where ppl had breakfastNice place. Spotty housekeeping. Internet connectivity issues were frustrating. The concierge woman was so friendly and helpful. Loved her! I would recommend this place for sure. Just stay on them about fresh towels, etc.#400~
Another group of my friends were staying here for the Rock and Roll New Orleans Marathon weekend and I decided to chillax over here with them and to see how awesome Embassy Suites is. I have done Embassy Suites before in downtown Des Moines, IA last October, but I guess it would depend on the management style and the city / state you would be at. This property was about a block away from my hotel: Hilton Garden Inn - Convention Center on S. Peters Street. 
The hotel is pretty small, but what it lacks in size is made up with alot of spunk and character. The staff is very friendly and the the room my group of friends had gotten was very sweet. While the room rates are comparable to other properties in the downtown NOLA area, I had found that this property was well worth the bang for the buck. You can get caught up in the hoopla of the French Quarter, but this place is well worth the money. My friends told me that they did enjoy the hotel and the comfort they received through the ease of check in and out and the friendly staff. I did love the manager's happy hour - a signature quirk of the Embassy Suites brand. Loved the free drinks! It was good to just be there and have a fun evening.
The room that my group of friends had gotten was excellent and could not be more happier with their decision. I'm glad that they are happy with it since I did suggest to them this brand. While I normally don't do Embassy Suites, this specific property totally met all of our needs and expectations and will definitely be back to relax and enjoy the sights and sounds of New Orleans for another day. The in room amenities was satisfactory and the beds were nice and comfy. Nothing more or less can you expect amazing to be within the Embassy Suites. Although I can say that the Westin brand has those heavenly beds, the beds offered here at the Embassy Suites can be ranked in my personal top 10 list.
Easy to walk to and from the French Quarter and plenty of dining options abound. The property has its own restaurant, but why dine here when there is plenty of Creole / Cajun authentic restaurants to dine in and discover!
A+Two different buildings. Embassy Suites Hilton and The Lofts also by Hilton. We're in The Lofts. Service is super friendly very customer oriented. The rooms are clean, functional, all high end commodities. Beautiful. We had one hiccup. Our King size suite was reserved months ago but when we checked in they didn't have it available. They moved us into a queen suite which was a decent size for one night, then moved us into a King in a higher floor. Higher floor equals better views. Gourmet breakfast is included. Only con is we have to pay for parking. But location is prime. Anything you'd want to do here is steps away.Located in a decent location, near French quarter, river walk and more. Close to st Charles trolley line so easy to get to further locations. Trolley is only $1.25
The atrium where they do the breakfast and managers reception is nice with great murals on the wall. Breakfast is decent, but they have a soda machine so that alone is worth a star. ;) 
The room is very large, but the bathroom is small. Likewise closet space and counter space in general. But the room has a balcony, which is awesome. 
It is $35 a night to park car and you are forced to use valet. Likewise you are forced to use a bellman to bring up luggage which I understand from viewpoint of its a huge hotel and most people probably take the cart and then leave outside their room so it's more efficient for hotel to have bellman, but reason aside, I don't like being forced into using a service. Which is why I also don't like that they don't have the usual stand of brochures to look through, instead making you use a concierge.
Huge shout out to Seth, at the front desk. He was incredibly helpful, nice and engaging when we checked in. Plus the bellman we were forced to use left one of our items behind at check in are and Seth immediately noticed it and brought it to us in our room. He also made great recommendations for restaurants and was helpful with directions.I stayed here on a business trip for 9 days in November and it was a fantastic place to stay. Located in the Warehouse District, it was a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter, located near some good restaurants, including Emeril's and Cochon, a 10 minute walk to the WWII museum, and close to a lot of art galleries. It's not necessarily in the center of all of the hubbub, but I actually liked being able to get away from the craziness of the French Quarter and Bourbon Street at the end of the night. 
They have very cozy suites with brick walled bathrooms with big open windows overlooking the city so you can have a great view while showering or getting ready to go out at night. 
Now to the best parts - 
FREE HOT BREAKFAST IN THE MORNINGS. Their staff is very friendly and energetic and they have a large variety of hot food choices. It's a great way to get your day off to a good start.
FREE MANAGER'S SPECIAL FROM 5-7 PM EVERY DAY. I know alcohol's not on the expensive side in New Orleans as compared to LA, but how awesome is free drinks with chips and salsa every day to get your evening kicking?! The free drinks, of course, are house bottles, but you can order anything you want - vodka tonics, bloody marys, beers, wines, hurricanes, you name it! The drinks aren't very strong, but you can keep coming back for more during the time period. It's all located in the downstairs courtyard, where you can destress from your convention or your workday with some football on the TVs or just some conversation.
By the way, the only reason that I gave a review of 3 stars is because my hotel room had ants. I hate ants.Stayed here for a show at the convention center in April. While the bell staff and food staff were exceptional the maids were nowhere to be found. After several trips to the front desk to request my room be cleaned I finally got a quick room cleaning. Hotel is old and needs a remodel. Carpets are filthy and if you walk around in light colored socks they will be black. The front desk is in attentive and gives you a smirk like they are doing you a favor. I overheard them on the radio saying there is a guest who is complaining that the room was not cleaned and would like a supervisor. One never came to see the problem. Dirty carpets and room not even vacuumed some staff that could care less. I would pick another place to stay. Not what I expected at a Hilton property.This is the 2nd time we have stayed here and really like it. The rooms are a great large size, and the breakfast is wonderful. I'm a fan of the Managers Reception but the "snacks" are pretty lame really.... 
Beds were pretty comfy, but counter top in hallway area was really dirty like it hadnt been wiped off, and there was a fingernail in the sink. Gross. 
Staff is wonderful!I had the pleasure of staying in this hotel during Essence Fest 2017. I would like to start with the positives: we were allowed to check in early Thursday morning and grab breakfast, the doormen we encountered were courteous and friendly, breakfast and happy hour were consistent, and lastly the closeness to  the convention center can not be beat. 
Negatives: my friends and I were very surprised by the level of service we received overall in regards to the rooms themselves. During a 4 day stay at the hotel, we only had room service take care of the room 1 day and it was the first day we arrived. Although the room was unoccupied during the day we came back to a room that had never been cleaned ( beds not made, trash not taken out(actually over flowing---having to utilize the trash can out in the hallway), and bathroom not cleaned). We were only brought fresh towels when we called down to the front desk(towels were brought only once to the room) but were told twice by staff that they were out of towels but they could send up bathmats. Excuse me who washes their body or dries off with a bath mat! Also, how does a hotel not have enough towels for their guest. The hallways were often littered with trash and dirty dishes that would stay there for hours(sometimes days). We also felt that some staff were very unprofessional, we encountered a housekeeper who when asked "are things slowing down in the hotel?" Her response was "Hell naw, not till 10am Monday!" I guess the hotel was counting down the time for "Essence Guests" to check out. We also asked the same housekeeper for fresh towels and were told laundry refused to send her some for some reason. I would assume the hotel was unable to keep up with the laundry. Elevators were slow and malfunctioning, and lastly the general cleanness of the rooms were questionable at best. 
I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy and I would advise you to stay anywhere else in warehouse district. 
I would be more than happy to speak with management at anytime as I was a guest in room 526.
Also, this was the 23 Anniversary of the Essence Fest, therefore this hotel should have been prepared for the high volume of guests as Essence is held in New Orleans every year.I was a happy camper here. The staff was very accommodating, to the point that the guy behind the desk handed me his phone so I could catch the last minute of game 7 of the NBA championships! The concierge spent extra time with us to determine what the best fit would be for the tourist mission we were going on, and sent us to a spectacular restaurant with the friendliest waiters/waitresses I've ever come across! The free breakfast was great, the complimentary cocktails at happy hour were great, the jazz band playing at happy hour was fun to take in, and most importantly, the beds were comfortable and the AC kept me nice and cold in disgusting outdoor humidity. I'd stay here again.The New Orleans Embasy Suite is a hotel that I recommend. Its strong points are spacious rooms and the Manager's Reception.
 What the Manager's Reception is, is an all you can eat breakfast buffet in the morning and an open bar serving complimentary drinks from 5:30 to 7:30 PM daily. And I am talking alcohol beverages including the Hurricane, Bloody Marys, and tap beer. Every evening I would live my vacation philosophy of coffee by day and alcohol by night. At the open bar guests can also snack on tortilla chips with salsa and so on. The Manager's Reception takes place in a spacious atrium that compliments New Orleans with a Mardi Gras mural. By the way I appreciate that the Embasy Suite hotels that I have lounged in have complimented the city it is in. We made it a tradition to spend time at the Manager's Reception before hanging out in the nearby Harrah's, another great place for a fun time. Enough said on the complimentary drinking. The breakfast buffet exceeds the common continental breakfast. I am not talking Fruity Pebbles and some beacon. I am talking freshly made omelets with the standard breakfast icons prepared fresh. I am picky with coffee, and  did not try their coffee. I purchased Starbuck's coffee from the Riverside Cafe, adjacent to the atrium.
  The suites are spacious. There are two rooms per suite. One room features two beds and the other offers a fold open sofa bed. This layout is greatif somebody in your party is a loud snorer, or you just need space. The suites have a balcony that overlooks a part of New Orleans that isn't exactly a Kodak photo spot. One flaw, at least with our room, was no bathroom vent.
  As far as location it is a good distance to Bourbon Street. Regardless that the hotel appears to be in a nice neighboorhood, the surrounding streets  appear to be desolute in the later hours of the night. It is close to Harrah's (which could keep you away from the French Quarter more than you would prefer to), the Convention Center, the Riverwalk, museums, and galleries. One flaw is that too many of the restautants in the area close by 10 P M. If you enjoy a long walk to the French Quarter, the location is decent.
  Also the hot tub and pool area is a relaxing place to unwind. The hot tub actually works, and is not a gimmick
  The business center was never busy. We'd always get a computer.
  The concierge was knowledgeable. He came in handy when he planned our swamp tour.
  I close this review by saying that I recommend the New Orleans Embasy Suite.pros: Great location.  Short cab ride or 15 minutes walk to French quarter. And great decor.  Rooms had a classic warehouse decor but all the modern amenities. 
Con:  bad service.  The maid never came two days in a row.Overall it's okay.  Taken care of a little less than some ES I've stayed at, but probably gets more than its fair share of abuse by the mardi gras idiots.
The young ladies at the information desk are fabulous! Always smiling and helpful, I never doubted their genuineness.  Don Wilson is a treasure, the kind of person that makes one wonder "why is this guy not upper management"?  Several people at this place impressed me, but none more than him - if I owned a hotel I'd steal him from this place in a flash.
My biggest complaint is the fitness center in The Lofts.   The equipment is fine, but the layout is horrible.  There's a large screen TV, behind you....That makes absolutely no sense.  There are no ceiling fans, so the air is stagnant.  There is nothing provided, that I could find, to wipe down the equipment from previous users. 
When hotels design fitness centers they should at least consult with someone on how best to set it up, it's obvious this one didn't.
Bottom line is that I'll try someplace else for the money if I ever visit NOLA again before I commit to this hotel, not up to the Embassy Suites standard as I've come to experience it.I have stayed at Embassy Suits before and have never had these many issues I experienced in New Orleans! 
As to the geographical orientation; the hotel was about a 20-30 minute walk to the French Quarter. 
I wish I could say it was a positive experience, but it was awful from the moment we arrived!! We were told we could not have our suite for the first night because another guest wanted to stay one more night, so we couldn't have our reservation for the first night and they were going to give us ONE ROOM, when we booked a suite! We had to lug all of our luggage to another hotel, and then back to Embassy the next day. After all that we were told we would be able to stay Saturday night in our suite, but would need to move to yet ANOTHER room for the remainder of the visit. This was completely unacceptable! 
 Twice we called the desk for towels and both times we had to call again as a reminder. Both times we were received with attitude at our request; as if we were bothering them. Then when the man came to drop off towels we asked him to take our old ones and he said no because he wasn't told to take old towels.  Then we asked if we could have a pillow and he once again acted like we were inconveniencing him and said he has other things to do. We understand that, and didn't need it right then but he didn't have to make it like we were bothering him!
 The morning of our exit the front desk called, awaking us from our sleep, telling us the credit card the room was under would not covering room payment.  Mind you we have not checked out yet so they shouldn't have charged our card! We ALSO told the desk on THREE occasions we would be paying for the room with a different card when we checked in.
 With all of these negative services received, no discount or extra services were ever offered to us. We are not sorry to say we will never stay at this Embassy Suites again. 
Bottom line, I just felt they care more about money than customer service! Since we paid a discounted rate and I'm sure the people staying an extra night were paying full price. That is completely unacceptable, to overbook when we booked 4 months in advance and if they were going to give our room to the occupants another night, then be sure to provide us with a comparable switch, which they did not! Hence, why I feel so strongly to their belief of money over customer service!I had a very comfortable time here at Embassy Suite! The room was very spacious! I like how the couch in the living room was able to pull out into a bed.  The room had a microwave which I appreciate as a person who often take home leftovers and must heat it up before eating.   I was here for a 4 day  seminar and I am extremely glad that we had booked it here.   The  complimentary breakfast was delicious and that offer a wide variety of food like eggs, Bacon, cereal, grits, bread, bagels, impetus omelette made to other.  The only downside I could think of is that there isn't any pancakes or waffles. Aside from that it was a great experience and a perfect location that is walking distance from the convention center, French quarter, River walk and more! I didn't have to use uber or any sort of transportation other and my feet. :)Overall, it worked out for us despite having to pay the full price $299/night when we couldn't find a deal on Priceline due to the NCAA tourney games. It's been so long since we've paid full price.
The good: i enjoyed the breakfast and the evening happy hour. There were some lines for drinks, but not bad for a free drink. i could do one of their omelets every morning (jalapeno, mushroom, ham, and cheese...delish).
The location worked for us. We were in town for the NCAA games at New Orleans Arena. It's a walkable distance (about a mile or about 20 minutes) to both the arena and the French Quarter. There are a few good eateries in the area like Lucy's and Mulates. Decent view as we walked out our door seeing New Orleans.
The bad: i thought some of the things in the room could use some updating, improving. Our shower head kind of sprayed the ceiling and dripped from there. The doorknobs were old looking and loose, and the bathroom door didn't lock.WORST STAY EVER!
My boyfriend is a Hilton Honor Gold member & I am an employee at a Hilton in Ohio. For my Christmas present my boyfriend decided to surprise me with a trip to NOLA for Mardi Gras. As I do work for a hotel, I understand the inner workings.
Our first night was unbelievable.. after a night out on Bourbon Street we came to our room to get some rest.  By 4am we were SWARMED by ants in our bed. Crawling all over our bodies. In disgust, we hopped in the shower & slept with no blanket or pillows on the pull out sofa bed. 
That morning we informed the front desk who was not sympathetic to this horrid issue. I showed them photos we had taken of ants all over the bed, pillows & blankets.  We packed our bags & asked if we could switch rooms. 
Once we returned to the hotel to switch rooms it took 2 and a half hours for them to attempt to find our luggage we had left. They ended up giving us our old room keys to get it ourselves HA!  We called the bell staff repeatedly & went down to speak with a Front Office manager. She explained that they did not staff properly for the holiday and kept giving excuses. We received NO follow up from any manger or general manager for all the inconveniences! It's been three months since our stay.
I did not once feel cared for, valued or respected. I would never recommend this hotel. We even stayed in the "renovated" area. AWFUL! Take you business elsewhereShowed up and my reservation was "not in their system" until I pulled out my phone and gave them the number and showed my credit card. Then when I got to my room I find out there is no water available all night until tomorrow morning. And finally I had to ask three times in two hours time for an extra blanket and pillow. This really deserves less than two stars but at least the have air conditioning? Idk. I'm looking for the silver lining but honestly I wouldn't stay here again.Stayed here plenty of times located in convention center world of across the street. They have complementary happy hour and free breakfast in the morning . When it comes to big groups they are very unorganized doesn't mean because there in group sitting down are on the phone outside others customers have to wait. Besides toilet running at night and the heat. The breakfast and happy hour keep you coming coming backDont do it. Just dont! 
It is not like any other embassy suite I have ever stayed at (and not in a good way)! Don't get me wrong, I love Embassy Suites. If possible, I only stay at E.S. hotels. This was just a beyond disappointing hotel experience. 
Service was seriously rude! This was our first time in NOLA so we asked the receptionist if she had any recommendations as to where to go or what to see... her response was very snippy to say the least. 
Next we arrived to our room which smelt like a combination of wet dog, smoke, and fish. The set up was standard for Embassy Suites, but it felt so old and run down. When we arrived to our room there was literally nothing in it (in regards to toiletries/towels/etc). We had to call and request for towels to be brought up to the room and things like soap and shampoo as well. This took some time, and finally we just went down to the front desk and picked up some of the essentials. 
Location wasnt great. My family said the breakfast was just average. Parking is a HUGE HASSLE. 
Seriously- JUST DONT DO IT!I travel extensively for business and I prefer Embassy Suites because, with some notable exceptions, they conform to the same standard.  Few surprises lurk for the weary traveler.
The Embassy Suites New Orleans breaks out of the conformal corporate mold.  And that's OK with me.  After all, NOLA is a city of surprises and why would I want to stay in the same workaday hotel I always do?
My fiancee and I stayed in the adjacent lofts and found the accommodations to be just a hair below corporate standards.  Perhaps it was only due to the relatively smaller and simpler room layout.  The usual amenities such as super comfortable bed, LCD TVs, refrigerator and coffee maker were all there.  Also, some nice touches such as exposed brickwork on the outer wall as well as a bathroom mirror crafted from reclaimed wood.  As the mirror frame seemed filled with worm holes I surmise that the wood may have come from a river barge.
The breakfast was as good or superior to the offerings of other Embassy Suites properties.  Big portions served up by smiling line cooks.
The location was within walking distance to the Superdome and Bourbon Street, although there's no shame in the taxi game.  A good number of taxis were queued up outside at all hours, so no problem there either.
If you wish to stock the larder, Rouses Market is about 7 blocks west on Girod Street and has a fantastic hotel-suitable hot and cold deli.
In conclusion, the only surprise was how enjoyable the stay was despite some previous negative reviews.  I wouldn't hesitate to return.This is a review for The Lofts instead of the main Embassy Suites location. The Lofts are around the corner and supposedly updated, although they seem pretty average to me. 
The concierge was mostly friendly and welcoming during our stay, some more than others. We arrived right after lunch and were able to drop off our bags before going to out to explore the city. Good thing, too, because it was almost 6pm by the time our room was ready- way past the official check-in time.
The rooms are...fine. They're not bad, but they're not great, either. If your plan is to be in the room long enough to shower and sleep, it will work. There's obvious wear and tear: holes/marks on the walls, our TV in the sitting room didn't work, couch and chairs were threadbare. Almost everyday we had at least one towel with stains on it and the carpet was dingy with noticeable stains, which is saying a lot considering it was a navy/khaki pattern. The biggest issue was the shower. Not only was it moldy, it leaked. The little bath mat to step on as you get out was soaked anytime anyone took a shower and once it was soaked, puddles formed on the floor. 
Yes, there's valet parking; yes, it's pricey; and no, it doesn't include a tip. We had plans to leave the hotel at 7am one morning during our stay. We called for our car at 6:40am. By 6:55am, it hadn't arrived and we were told we could walk down and get it ourselves. Glad we're paying $42 bucks for that. For at least 15 minutes after we left, we kept getting text messages saying they couldn't locate our car. On our last day, we called for the car, it was parked, but the valet was nowhere to be found. We waited and waited, then got a text saying no one was available to give us our keys. Turns out the valet was asleep in the office! We had better luck walking down to the garage and personally asking for it most of the time.
There is a free breakfast and happy hour, but we did not partake in either. I think we'll find another option for our next trip.My husband and I were asked to join our daughter in New Orleans for a few nights while she was attending a convention nearby. I offered to pay for the hotel and we would stay together in one room. I had difficulty finding a hotel close to the convention center since most were booked up. I found a vacancy on an on line hotel booking site for the nights we needed and at the Embassy Suites in NOLA on Julia street. It was located very conveniently a few blocks from the convention center.  After seeing the vacancies available, I called the hotel directly and they told me they were booked up and to take the on line vacancies if I found them. I did book the room on line and booked it for 3 adults. ( the price was not a reduced price but was the same price offered by the convention offerings).  I booked the room for 3 adults but when I received the confirmation, it stated in fine print that the room is only guaranteed for 2 adults per room so I called the hotel back and was told it would be a 2 bed room or a room with a bed and fold out couch and we would be ok. I added an additional night to the reservation later directly through the hotel and confirmed again the reservation was for 3 adults. My daughter arrived to the convention a day before my husband and I arrived. She was given a room with a double bed only.  It was so small, that she didnt even have room to put an additional cot. It was not the normal suite which I have always found at Embassy Suites. She went back downstairs to report the problem. She called me on the phone from the front desk and was almost in tears. The front desk clerk told her that there was nothing he would do since it was booked on line and not directly from the hotel. My daughter asked me to talk to the clerk to explain what I was told when the reservations were made but he refused to even talk to me. She put me on speaker phone so he would hear what I had to say but he wouldnt respond. After she continued to try to talk to the clerk, he told her he would get her a two bed room but was very rude to her. He also would only give her tickets to the breakfast for two people not three per day. The room was very small and had two full size beds with no suite as advertised.  The bathroom was so small, there was about 6 inches between the door and commode. The room appeared to have not been used in a while. The dust on the bedside table was so thick, I could write my name in it. The hall light did not work. The carpet was unclean and had black sticky spots on several places. The commode was leaking water and would continuously turn itself on to fill up the tank and was very loud. (waking us up at night numerous times) The tub was draining very slow and would fill with dirty water while taking a shower. When my husband and I arrived, I reported the problems in the room to the housekeeper by leaving a note and a tip on the bed. These things were not addressed while we were there. I again reported them when I checked out.  I also tried to get the additional breakfast tickets for three people each day instead of two. I was told there would be an additional charge of $12 for each breakfast ticket. After I discussed with clerk the details of our booking the room, she handed me a ticket and frowned at me. RUDE!!!! 
As for the breakfast, I was dissappointed with that as well. They were so busy that the tables were not being cleaned off and we could not find any place to sit. I could not find a place to place the dirty dishes  to clean a table for myself.  Many of the tables were being used to just place dirty dishes on so customers could clear their own tables. The food was ok but not the usual quality breakfast that I am use to having at an Embassy Suite. On check out, we called to make a request for a late check out for 1pm to coincide with our flight schedule.  The normal check out is at noon. We were granted our request graciously. When we tried to use our room key at 12:05pm it would not work. We went downstairs to get our key recoded and had to wait in a long line. After having it coded again, went back upstairs and it still did not work. I talked to a housekeeper who was close by and she stated "do not speak English".  We were stuck out of our room for almost a half hour while trying to get it fixed. This caused us to be rushed to get to the airport and check out. 
On a positive note, some of the employees were great and not all were rude as mentioned. I did enjoy the breakfast greeter who took your ticket and handed you a tray. She was always smiling and very cheerful which was nice in the morning. The location was great for the convention and had some wonderful restaurants within close walking distance.The hotel was in a perfect location for our adventures downtown but many of the staff could use some additional training on how to treat their visitors. Credit cards were slid across counters after they were handed to staff, expired drinks were in the drink machine and when returned we were asked what we would have them do, there were no greetings when passing anyone in the otherwose empty lobby and the room left a lot to be desired with the chipping paint and dirty carpet. I would definitely deal with the chain again, just not this locationTerrible Hotel.  Ridiculously loud air conditioning unit in the rooms which do not permit sleep.  I posted a video of how loud the air conditioning unit is which doesn't include when it initially turns on which is a startling experience. Elevators that don't go down, which forces customers to use the stairs.This was the perfect hotel to stay at before our cruise. We could see the ship from our balcony. They had an evening managers reception with drinks/snacks and breakfast in the morning.Meh.
The lobby was the highlight of the hotel including but not limited to the mural and bar, otherwise I would not recommend this place to people I know personally. 
The walk to Bourbon Street was about 30 mins or so which isn't bad but after a few times it just seems longer. 
The bed was hard, bathroom and room is outdated. The balcony view sucks. The hallway is a maze on it's own. Parking looks like it would be a pain.Have had reservations for over a month and we show up after a 7 hour flight and have been waiting for over 2 hours to have our room cleaned!!! Along with 5 other groups of people!!!! ridiculous... Only thing half way decent they did was comp us two drinks should have been 12 drinks with how upset we are!!!! Horrible business two other people on line complaining no toilet paper in there room after they just cleaned it???? Am I at embassy suits or motel 6??!!!!! Very upset!!!They have no handicapped parking. Horrible customer service. I've stayed at many embassy suites and this one seems to be on the same level as a motel 6.I checked into the Embassy Suites in New Orleans on 06/19/2018. My dad had booked a suite because we had a cousin visiting from out of state. When booking online he noticed a "Taste of Louisiana" package deal. After doing some research he realized this package came with 50% off valet parking, 2 free drink cards, and a variety of discounts valid at a select list of restaurants. He added this to the reservation because it only cost a few dollars more. Upon arrival we were greeted with a smiling face, who had a "trainee" name tag, she was polite and helpful during the checking in process. The suite was supposed to have two queen beds and a couch pull-out bed. The queen beds were more like double beds, which is the only reason they are getting 4 stars instead of 5. The breakfast was hot and wonderful, by far the best hotel breakfast out there! The check out process was quick and smooth. By the time we had walked from the check out desk to valet pick up our car had been pulled forward. The Embassy Suites  is definitely a must stay for the next time you're visiting New Orleans.Great hotel!! Large 2-room suite, great  breakfast. Short walk to the French Quarter. Will stay here again.Stayed here for two days with my husband for a mini-vacation since having our baby. Negatives: somehow we kept seeing little fruit flies in our room. Not sure where they came from, but they kept appearing out of no where. The front desk staff was not very friendly. When I walked up to check in, I was ignored by one guy and then irritably greeted by the girl. Welcoming, right? Not only did they not have any suites (which we were told we would get one if we arrived around noon), but we were also placed on a floor that was having renovations. Next door to us. At 8 in the morning. 
Not everything was bad though. Positives: The balcony view was gorgeous. Sangria at happy hour was very good. When we ordered room service, the waiter was really nice, very friendly and personable. Also the valet attendants were very nice, we barely had to wait for the car. 
Overall our experience here was so-so. We will probably not be staying here again.This hotel is the least accommodating hotel I have visited in the last 12 months of heavy travel. I arrived early and was told a room was not ready. I asked when I could expect a room and was told they have no idea. While I waited in the lobby (crappy damp lobby) I watched as people checked in. I was told "my room" was not ready. There seems to be very little concern with customer service and I was extremely disappointed with the Attitude of the front desk staff. Front Desk staff can make or break a hotel and these folks were not friendly or accommodating. 
   I would definitely look to other hotels in the area. If I hadn't prepaid I would have cancelled right away.
  I'm very disappointed and would not recommend this hotelThe front desk staff was very nice. Helped us with directions. The hotel is under construction so they offered us free breakfast every morning. Parking was $30 a day so we just found parking on the street. Bed was comfy, noise was minimal. GReat location near French Quarter. Would stay there again.Don't bring your car!!!
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I drove my family into New Orleans in our own car and I expected to be able to park my car on site of close to the hotel for free or at minimal cost.  I was told by the front desk that there is only valet parking available for $37.95. ($42.51 after adding state and city taxes).  The lady at the front desk looked at me like I was from another planet when I refused the valet parking and was looking for alternatives.  A quick drive around the area proved that I could either pay the excessive valet price, park my car in an unsecured lot (2 to 5 blocks away) for $20 or 30 or feed a 2 hour max meter throughout the night.  Since I just drove 5 hours from Florida and would be driving another 8 hours back to Texas the following morning, I chose to pay the $40 for convenience and security.  This is partly the fault of the city who only allows for 2 hour max street parking and the predatory parking pricing of Embassy Suites New Orleans.  We are guests in your hotel and not some random people looking for a cheap place to park their car!!  I thought that fact that I checked in with Hilton Honors Gold status would have counted for something, but I guess two bottles of water were all the perks I would receive.  
My family really does like the Embassy Suites for the added space in the guest rooms as well as the complimentary breakfast.
The fact that the elevators were broken, did not bother me too much since we would only be staying at the hotel for 14 hours, but it seems like that from the other reviews that they have been out of service for a long time.  Not sure why it takes months to fix the elevator, but I am glad we were not planning to stay any longer than one day.
The first room that we were assigned reeked of smoke.  Even though it was a non-smoking room.  The balcony opened up to a mural of a woman taking off her top.  I have young children who were staying with me so that scene was a nice touch.
The second room was fine and it was relatively quiet, but we only spent time there to unpack, sleep and pack up again.  The hallways are like a maze.  There are 3 rooms in this hallway and 5 rooms in another and the rest are in a back and forth hallway on the other side.  It seems very random and it kind of game me a creepy feeling from the hotel in the movie The Shining.
The breakfast was the highlight of the stay.  It was very busy and we were lucky to find a recently vacated table.  The variety was good and their were separate lines for different types of foods.  They omelet line is always the most popular, so they had a second line for just omelets.  We did not have to wait very long for food and we ate quickly and got our car from valet and left to view the French Quarter before leaving for Texas.  
Of the several Embassy Suites, I have stayed at with my family, I would not recommend this location.  The location seems good if you like the downtown area and walking around the city but do not bring your own car or be prepared to drop $40 for parking.  
I expect that the Embassy Suites NOLA Team will respond with the same pasted response as the other critical reviews that were posted recently.
Thank you for the candid feedback on your recent stay with us. We apologize that we did not fully meet your expectations, as it is our top priority to provide the best accommodations and overall experience to each of our guests. please feel free to contact our team directly by phone at 504.525.1993 or by email at msycc_gm@hilton.com to discuss further so we may take the appropriate corrective action where needed.
~The Embassy Suites NOLA TeamThis is a very strange hotel. Half our party (4 rooms) were shuffled off across the street to another building. I had a balcony room in the main building. Another had a room in the main building with no windows that opened to the outside. Random! Elevators were sloooooow but you can use the stairs up and down to all floors. Parking cost is typical for the area. Takes a while to get your car so plan ahead! Breakfast is ok as is the evening reception. Easy walk to convention center and the French Quarter. Lobby has plenty of room to wait for your party to get her. Near many restaurants. Staff was helpful. Seemed like a safe enough place. It was cheap. You get what you pay for if you're lucky. I think I did.Rooms are ok but not loving the bar. They ran out of Pepsi mid-drink and the bartender said that even if they had another one in back, he wasn't going to replace it so pick something else. Then, as I was about to order another round of drinks ($15 for 2), a patron at the bar mentioned that if I waited 3 more minutes, they would be free (managers reception 5:30-7:30). Thanks, Mr. Bartender. :P
After returning to our room, I called to ask for extra pillows and blankets to put the kids on the pullout couch. After 2 hours, they still haven't been delivered. I called again to check and the front desk said I couldn't have 3 pillows because of the "pillow limit" but they would check on 2 pillows. Apparently, they frequently run out. Weird.  After another hour, I finally went down to the desk to ask for pillows and a blanket and they were finally sent up. 
The TVs are some brand called 'Chimei' I think and they're really bad so don't bother with an in-room movie (we were charged for one we didn't see but I didn't bother to object).  The remotes don't work and neither does the in room check-out system.The staff was very helpful. Rickie, one of the staff members got me a coffee in the rain when I came down late for breakfast and missed it. Later my show broke, and he went to try to get it repaired. The room was large, clean and full of light. I have no complaints at all. Thank you for the nice stay.I thought the $125/night rate through booking.com was too good to be true and it was. They were filming outside the hotel and the streets around the property were hosed. Other than the inconvenient valet situation, the rooms were clean and in good condition. My room even had a balcony albeit a bit scary on the 11th floor. The rooms here come with free breakfast, and I'm not talking a shabby Courtyard affair. This spread was abundant, make your own omelette bar, local yummy sausage links, bacon, potato, grits, oatmeal, juices and more. Very nice. Only improvement could be the friendliness of the desk staff, every time I asked for something they were abrupt or just flat out rude.Whoever writes a positive review on this place must not be one who stays in hotels often. My husband and I were in town for a 500,000 person event and all hotels were booked EXCEPT this one. Now I know why. This place was filthy from the entrance door to your assigned floor. Don't think of taking an elevator. They're broken. The staff will try to scoop you up and act like they're doing you a favor  by letting you ride on a junky looking service elevator. Once settled we just took the stairwell along with several other people. When walking to your room you will notice drab dirty walls and all room doors are scratched and loaded with scuff marks. Once inside the room your immediated smell is that of closed up stuffiness!!! Immediately you'll notice a dirty looking 70ish velvet sofa that you won't even consider sitting on. The rest of the suite furniture is a mix matched.  The carpet is chocolates brown with a touch of green. You know that you're in Dirt City when you can visibly see that brown carpet is dirty, not to mention it was sticky. When I go to a hotel, I always check the mattress. In this case I did not  check for fear of what I might find. ( all other hotels in the area were booked) The closet door was broken, the maid would make your bed and no more..the towels were so old and dingy that there was not any terry cloth left on them...for a suite there was no sink. This hotel takes advantage of their guest...$40 a night for parking....$12.95 per night for wifi...$5 for a bottle of water...$16 for a hamburger...$8.50 for a pint of ice cream  The pictures on their website were definitely taken with a filtered camera lens.  I've been home now for two days and still feel grimey from this hotel.  It was the absolute worst that I ever stayed in and I'm 60 years old.  The room next door had food delivered and left the dishes outside the door. The dirty dishes stayed there all day. Now isn't this a good way to welcome rodents !!!!!  I STRONGLY suggest that  if you want to go to NO and this is the only hotel that you can get...then cancel your trip or bring a tent and sleep outdoors. To top it off, they had the NERVE to charge top dollar. The old saying is true, " if you get me once, you won't get me twice"  be smarter than I was and know that if you do stay here, I guarantee that you will walk away an unhappy camper.What a deception! Old hotel that needs to be refresh! For the price I sure that we can find a better place around! As it was reserve by the compagny I won't complain, but if I would have pay the night fees myself! They would have heard about my though! Well located! Staff is nice... Just the hotel that is not in good shapeAdding fuel to fire: internet down for over 12 hrs.
Also  one of my fam members here as well had to change rooms because of roaches in their room, on 6th floor.This Embassy Suites has been our hotel of choice for the past twenty years. The location is great, the staff is friendly and accommodating. My only complain is their apparent shortage of  housekeeping staff. We did not receive housekeeping service until after 4:00 PM each day of our stay, with the exception of the day of check out. For some reason the waste cans located in the bathrooms are not lined, which is unsanitary. Also, I found the pillows to be way too soft. The hotel should offer up firm pillows to the guest. Lastly, I want to say that the lady who makes five omelets at a time for the breakfast is truly awesome. I  hope that management pays her well. I will return to this hotel again in the future.Our family of four have stayed here for the last four Bayou Classics.  Needless to say, we love it!  We also stay here for the Essence Festival, because it is super close to the convention center.  It is also the best deal because you get a full, made to order breakfast and free happy hour!I attended a conference here and was very happy about the service.  I have disabilities including asthma and many of the fragrances hotels are using these days make it impossible for me to visit.  Nicole Armstead in housekeeping was absolutely amazing!  She brought new linens home with her to wash in fragrance free detergents with vinegar, made sure my room was cleaned with only vinegar and water and aired out for a day before my arrival.  She gave me her personal cell phone number so I could text with her any concerns and everything was done as she said it would be.  My room smelled like a blissful nothing and after being exposed to perfume in the conference I had a safe retreat.  The room was also quite large and roomy!  We could have fit my family of 5 in there easily but since it was just my husband and I, it was even roomier.  They don't pump those disgusting fragrance chemicals through their A/C vents, the food was decent (tried the grilled cheese!), they have a free happy hour every day for guests, and everybody was very friendly.  The conference rooms were large and had good air circulation for better indoor air quality.  The location was also walking distance to many tourist areas and restaurants.  My colleagues were all pleased with their rooms as well.  We would definitely stay there again!I was a bit skeptical about booking this place for my week stay as the reviews were pretty mixed but I couldn't be happier with my stay. I was given a room on the 12th floor which was awesome as it had dual balconies which overlook the city. Rooms were big and bed was comfortable and AC was perfectly cold. Breakfast was good as all embassy suites are and what really made my stay great was a personal text daily checking up on how my stay is going and if I need anything else to make my stay better. Location is also pretty great as its only a 5 minute walk to the convention center and 30 min walk to Bourbon Street. Overall this was definitely one of my better stays at a Hilton and would come back again.The hotel is nice some of the workers are friendly customer service in the afternoon was very helpful. The breakfast is off the chain and is included.  They have lots of places to Lounge it's close to everything close to the mall close to the train to the aquarium and lots of other places and things to do along Julia Street highly recommend.While the hotel is full of amenities (free breakfast, free happy hour, etc.) they have no clue how to run an actual business. I recently stayed with a few colleagues. My flight left the night before, so on the day I was leaving I had them run my credit card for a portion of the hotel. When my colleagues left the hotel and checked out the next day, they charged the rest of the room to MY CREDIT CARD (which was over $1700). When I called for them to explain how this could happen, all they could say was "it probably happened because it was the last card run in the system." Not really sure how this could be a good excuse.
Overall, poor customer service with a crappy way of handling payment. If you want to stay at this hotel, I'd recommend putting one card on file and leaving it at that because they probably won't be able to figure out which card to charge at the end if you have more than one on file.This hotel is OK...but you can do better. First impressions are good. Nice lobby. Parking on site. Nice staff. Good daily breakfast and adult reception in afternoon.
Rooms are a bit uninspired for New Orleans, but ample space. Clean rooms. 
Downside...very loud if your room is on the atrium side of the hotel. You can hear breakfast being prepped at about 5a. Loud enough to awake you. Hotel location is in the warehouse district, which is more hipster and less Nola. You won't find that southern charm here.
Family friendly hotel and short walks to rail cars and inexpensive taxi to French Quarter ($11 via Uber).
Probably not coming back though at this rate. It feels more 3 star and should be no more than $100/night until upgrades are made.The good - its close to convention center and some great restaurants and bars. Its about a 18 minute walk to Bourbon St.  Room was spacious and clean having a living room and separate bedroom.  Had a flat screen Samsung TVs in each room. Plenty of plugs for your electronics!  I got a good rate and feel it was worth it overall.  The bad - leaky toilet, real jittery elevators, breakfast buffet sucked(only ate it once), the cleaning crew never picked up a broken wine glass on the walkway.Old and not in good shape.  We had a business meeting in the boardroom and the AC didn't work for half the morning.  The coffee had green mold come out when poured and I had bed bug bites too.  The first time in 20 years of travel. A horrible experience overall!Mold in the bathroom and the manager didn't seem to care about it at all. The room while big smelled of sewage. It was coming from the shower drain as I covered it up and the small disappeared later that night and returned the next day after it was uncovered after my shower. 
And good luck with breakfast. 30 min wait for an omelette...
Too many other good hotels, Hilton brand included, to ever stay againGood value hotel.  Rooms are quiet and decently roomy.  Good location to warehouse district and lots of great food.  Breakfast in morning is superb -  easy to eat too much    Have been staying there for years and will continueDespite making a reservation well ahead of time and requesting an early check-in, the room isn't available. Ralph confirmed the room would be made available by 8 a.m. and at 9:45, it is not ready. After a red-eye flight, the very last thing I'd hoped for is an unnecessary wait. This is the first and likely last time at his hotel as I expect hoteliers will keep their words. That hasn't happened thus far.I only had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for one night but I was very impressed on my brief stay. 
When we checked in we were told there was a FREE happy hour from 530-730. So of course we had to check it out and they were serving rail, wine,sangria, and beer. They also provided snacks such as crackers, celery, dip, and hummus. A very nice happy hour and did I mention it was free?! 
The room was nice with a sleep queen sofa and a king bed with a small balcony with an excellent view of city. 
The breakfast was also another plus with made to order omelette stations ..meats, potatoes, breads and pastries.
Definitely would like to come back to stay more days at this hotel. They really take care of you.Good breakfasts, free drinks from 5:30-7:30, but u can't stand to be in your room during the day due to construction. Wished I would of stayed at the Hilton. Know the tv and phone have quit working in the room.Stayed in a suite that was adjoined to my friends' and definitely good with changing towels and remaking beds. Housekeeping always did a good job keeping everything looking good.
Breakfast here was amazing (for a complimentary breakfast) - plentiful in everything (bacon, biscuits, gravy, scrambled eggs, grits and sausages) and made-to-order omelets? Add to that fresh fruits, oatmeal, cereal, yogurt, coffee, apple juice, orange juice and you've got an amazing breakfast right next to the convention center.It is a little pricey but you get what you pay for. The breakfast area is huge and open with a great selection. Stayed in a suit room which was nice for sharing to lower code. Bedroom has door for privacy from living room. Living room has pullout sofa. Bath come with jacuzzi style shower if you trust those to be clean. Short walk from bourbon street. Valet parking only!I normally wouldn't write a review about a hotel chain, but the staff and rooms at the Embassy Suites NOLA on Julia St was sooooo great.  The COMPLIMENTARY breakfast was very good, and the chefs were very friendly.  
The managers happy hour for two hours a night was great, even if they weren't giving away free drinks!! We were really really impressed!  People from our convention were moving from the overpriced Hilton down the street to our hotel mid-convention!!Quiet & clean room, but in need of maintenance. 
My closet doors were broken & would not slide.  The wire soap tray in the shower was broken.  The shower/tub drained too slow, soon I was standing in a pool of soap & shampoo. The bathroom fan was falling out of the ceiling & black mold was growing on the shower grout.  The time on the alarm clock was off by an hour and could not be reset.
Posted breakfast hours are not the REAL hours.  The cook to order counter was always late being set up, so we had to pass.  We were on time, but they were always 1/2 hour late in getting the omelet bar set up.  The regular buffet was available, but who wants powdered eggs?  Yuk.
Front desk staff is friendly & helpful.  Evening happy hour from 5:30-7:30 had the same crappy nachos bar every night.  Tiny cocktail plates & no bowls made for tiny servings & cheese flowing off the plate.  No avocado, meat or other fixings.  Never saw hot wings, mini-tacos, hot dogs, make your own taco bar, pigs in a blanket, meatballs, etc. that the other Embassy Suites across the nation serve.  The only redeeming benefit were the free beer & drinks.
Why can't the housekeeping staff report broken stuff in rooms that are in need of repairs?  Really obvious stuff. Poor attention to details & maintenance.
WiFi in the room TOTALLY SUCKED - NO signal.  No hard wired Ethernet jacks in rooms either.
Go fix room 1002 !I agree with other posters here that have said that this Embassy Suites location is not up to par with the Embassy Suites standard.  This hotel was built for the 1984 Worlds Fair as the Sugar House hotel.  Embassy Suites bought it years later.  This hotel doesn't have the walk-in showers.  The flat screen tv's are displaying standard definition, stretched, and has a terrible channel selection.  No HGTV and lots of other channels.  Get an omelet cooked at the breakfast because the eggs on the buffett are not real.  They come out of a liquid carton.  This hotel is just okay,  Embassy Suites ought to unload and build a new hotel up to current specs.Standard ES. Good staff but the property is starting to show its age. Good free breakfast buffet plus free cocktails at night from 5:30 to 7:30. Parking is $30 a night.Full 100 percent transparency Embassy Suites would not be my first choice of hotel accommodations.  Embassy Suites is part of the Hilton Hotels.   This hotel was horrible. My room key did not work on 5 different occasions when trying to get into my room over a 4 night stay.  Staff could have cared less each time saying do not put it near a cc.  5 times it is not going to fail because of being near a cc. By the way it was not near a cc.  Not the cleanest.  Frankly I would never recommend an Embassy Suite hotel nowIf you're new and don't know the answer, don't guess and answer wrong. Thanks to Emanuel for working with me through my issue. Nice beds and nice bathrooms, but a bad customer experience put a bad taste in my mouth.I've stayed at many Embassy Suites hotels in the past and this place was I think sub par.  Not a typical Embassy suite for sure, the rooms were not inside an atrium, they were mostly outside facing the street, you did take an elevator to get to the floors, but most places I've been to before are much nicer.  The evening receiption was quite nice the hurricanes were great.  The best thing was the cooked to order breakfast the food was real good.My family got to the hotel really early so our room was not ready.  The staff was very accommodating and even though we were at fault, we were upgraded to a premium room.  Our view was amazing.  Breakfast every morning in the lounge was great. We enjoyed free Happy Hour every night before going out on the town.  The Riverwalk Outlet and plenty of restaurants were just a couple of blocks away (walking distance).  Thank You to Diane (Concierge)  for making us feel right at home.  Our son loved the goody bag, it kept him busy.  I will be back!!!I usually have good luck with Embassy Suites locations, although it is usually not my first choice in the Hilton Hotels portfolio (I prefer the Hampton Inn). This NOLA location is a 2-3 minute walk to the Ernest Morial Convention Center. It's very convenient if you're going to a convention, but it's a much longer walk (20 minutes) to the Canal Street streetcar tracks. 
If you're familiar with the Embassy Suites, then this hotel does not veer too far from the room layout/amenities you would find at other ES locations. Good amount of amenities (free breakfast, free wifi, digital safe in the room, etc.) but I'm giving this location only three stars because: 1) the breakfast area can be VERY noisy in the morning (I was there for a convention and the breakfast area adjacent to the lobby was PACKED every morning, plus the kitchen/cooking area is open to the dining area); 2) the wifi connection was VERY sporadic and poor, if not existing at all, on the higher floors (I was on the 16th floor); and 3) the elevators move very slowly, esp. during the morning when everyone is moving towards the lobby.Typical Embassy Suites hotel in the middle of CBD New Orleans. Convenient location, a quick walk away from the French Quarter.  
I am finally figuring out a pattern to Embassy Suites hotels (all 4 are consistent for all Embassy Suites we stayed in.  sorry it should be 'in which we stayed' for those that prefer proper grammar in their Yelp reviews.):
1. large spaces.  although bedrooms are normal sized, and bathrooms are small, the lounge area is nice.  Bonus: 20-grit bathroom tissue can also be used to sand down your new patio.  
2. fridge and microwave.  This is very nice for those who like to plan meals/snacks in room.  
3. bad front-desk and phone customer service.  This trip we were booked into the wrong room and had to pay a surcharge to correct this.  
4. good hotel lounge perks.  Free drinks and snacks during happy hour and free breakfast in the morning.  Lots of space to lounge around.  
This trip, both the baggage handlers and in-room maids did a wonderful job.  The shower tub did not drain at all, and the maid took it upon herself to have it fixed without my having to complain.  
For 2 young couples traveling to New Orleans, consider the top King-suite with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, balconies, and a shared lounge space at a rate not much higher than their usual suites.I can't figure out how to post and rate this ZERO STARS, so lucky them- they get a one. Worst experience with a hotel. Do not stay here! Called Corporate and they escalated problems to District Manger but never heard back.I am here for a family reunion, something my fam does every 2 yrs in alternating cities.
Oh and I am also a Hilton Honors member and very selective of the hotels I stay in though I wouldn't call myself a hotel snob.
With that said:
-Don't stay here.
Why not?
Rooms are small and not well cleaned at all. Hair and sticker trash random places with rrqsh back behind the mattress that i found on accident, eww. 
Bathrooms are tiny, think you can barely open the door while you're inside bc the door opens in. Bathroom floors were dirty. They could at least sweep. Shower curtains torn, stains in the tub. Toilet paper wet after every shower despite attempts to keep curtain closed
On our second day we couldn't get any hand towels and yes we asked. 
Valet parking is overpriced $45/night
The halls of the hotel were dirty, trash and food crumbs in halls for over 24 hrs, room service trays in halls for over 12 hrs. 
The is not par with the other Embassy Suites I have stayed in
They should be ashamed
The pros:
1. It's New Orleans, French Quarter. Lol
2. The staff were overall friendlyI dined here while in New Orleans recently.
Embassy Suites as a general rule is about middle of the road. Not economy, not luxury - just a good room, in a good building, with decent services. 
This is what you can you expect at Embassy Suites NOLA. In my case, my food took a bit long to deliver, but the bar drinks were cold and fresh. No complaints. I'd even stay here the next time I visit.Free happy hour with drinks and snacks...free breakfast..REAL food not just continental breakfast type stuff...spacious, clean rooms...super walkable. I thought it was great and would stay there again for sure. I'm a hard sell but all of the freebies really did impress me.Major security problem.  Numerous thefts.  It could be employees there or pros that use this place as the venue.  Beware in and out of your room and the common areas.  Recommend staying someplace else.Sorry to say Hilton Embassy Suites New Orleans needs help ..... Front desk doing cross word puzzles , old phones , new baths but what about clean carpet ?    Come on HILTON.  Where is your standard ?This Embassy Suites really sucks!
If you enjoying being lied to, given the run around, and inconsistent and ghetto associates then book a room here!
The water was caught off in the middle of the night and caused the AC to stop working. When we complained about it, Some of the front desk personnel lied to us stating that our room is the only room having problems with the AC, but that was false. Even had a front desk personnel tell us that it's impossible for our room to be hot. Catching an attitude and being unprofessional. Girl, have a seat and stop patronizing your hotel guests. You are not in our room sweating bullets. Actually every room in the hotel was having problems with the heat. When I finally had enough of our hot room, I went downstairs to get clarification of the matter and was finally given the truth. Which was the air was indeed problematic for all the rooms and it would be working properly later on that day.
It's an open atrium and it causes extreme echoing. So if you on a lower floor, you will have to endure all the noise. 
It's pretty outdated, too. This hotel needed remodeling like 10 years ago. I stay often at the ES in Houston and this place couldn't hold a candle to them!
If you are used to the finer things in life, like moi, this hotel will be below your standards. I will continue staying at the W, or the Ritz-Carlton. 
Bye, Embassy Suites!Clean rooms, great staff with free breakfast and cocktail hour. $7 cab ride to the French Quarter and near tons of great restaurants. Only 20min from the airport. Beautiful view of the city from our room especially at sunset. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely visit again.Great location. Clean, well-furnished room. Got a fabulous deal on priceline.
But...when we inquired about parking, the girl just said she'd send a valet without stating how much that would be. I sent bf back in and he found out it's $30. Also, our room was quite far from the check-in desk, as in, a separate building, which wasn't explained very well prior to taking our  bags out of the car. Unless money is no object, I'd recommend using the $15 (24 hour) paid lots after unloading your bags (find out if you're at the main hotel or the Lofts).
The room was well-appointed with a separate living room, microwave and mini fridge.  We never heard any noise from the hallway or other rooms, which is very important in NOLA. However, our AC fan ran all night and was quite noisy so when my drunk wore off, I got annoyed enough to try to get it to stop. I finally settled for closing the bedroom door.
Check out was easy and the girl was quite polite. We asked for an hour extension for check out, which was denied, but they also didn't gripe at us leaving at 1230. Thank you.Stayed here a couple days for the NATA conference. Only 2 blocked away from the Morial Convention Center and right in front of World of Beers. Very friendly staff! The lobby is very clean, upscale. They also have a grilled cheese restaurant, which is good if you want to stay in the hotel. They serve free breakfast which includes a full breakfast menu along with made-to-order omelets. The happy hour here is FREE and yes, I sure did take advantage of it! Just make sure to tip your bartender for the great work! We really did love everything about the place aside from the room. The hotel itself is old... and that's quite evident once you step off the elevator above any other floor above the lobby. It just looks... old. Our particular room(king room with pull-out bed) smelled like someone had been smoking in there! Everytime we came back to our room, that's what it smelled like, but none of the furniture smelled like that... which was weird. The a/c worked when it wanted to... which was horrible considering the fact that it was summer time! The view was non-existent. All we saw was another building across from us. I'm giving this place 3.5 stars. Everything was great aside from the room, which was a major let down. Hopefully it was just our room.  Other than that, we enjoyed our stay! Lol. 
Oh, side note: no ice machine on the 3rd floor! I guess it had been taken out to be serviced or something. None of the 2nd floor either. I had to go on the 4th floor every night to get ice. Also, take advantage of the happy hour! I cant remember what time it ends, but it starts at 5 every afternoon. I always got 2-3 hurricanes by myself to start the night. Best thing about New Orleans? You can carry your booze around as long as it's not in a glass container!Beautiful hotel with an amazing giant art in the common area. The rooms were spacious and clean. We had issues with the toilet but the maintenance team came right up to fix the problem. The only complaint is the smell in the bathroom in the evenings. The smell suggest that there is maybe an issue with plumbing. Overall good stay and close to major attractions and the river walk mall.Stayed here for a few days in October of 2011...quite nice, but not for the regular price (169.00 per night). If you can get a Hotwire/Priceline deal then that would make it a better option. The rate seemed high for the level of accomodation.
Location is superb if you have stuff going on over at the Morial Convention Center (it is around 2-3 blocks away). But it's a bit of a walk to the Quarter from here (this is in the warehouse district). 
The breakfast buffet was outstanding and included a "real live chef-dude" cooking up eggses, and included a biscuits and gravy that put all previous hotel offerings to shame (way good!) There was unlimited fresh-cooked bacon and sausage as well, so big points for that.
The hot tub was horrible, WAY over-chlorinated. My eyes kept watering due to the fumes so I had to bail. It also ruined my t-shirt i was wearing (covered it in bleached spots). Be aware...
The room was a bit ancient, and was in need of some refurbishment - but had great views of the river. 
WIFI is an added charge, but I somehow got mine free when I booked it by signing up for Hilton Rewards. I will never believe that a hotel charging 169.00 a night has to charge for wifi (it is as essential as water or electricity)..lame-o!
Front desk was really on the ball, top notch...great service and attentive.
Also, the restaurant in the hotel "The Sugar House" was way overpriced and not the best quality. C'MON NOW, this is New Orleans - if you are eating at the hotel restaurant you are crazy. Mother's is right around the corner. I was on a work schedule so ended up having to utilize it...We were in town for a soccer tournament and stayed here for one night. The place is old; there are much nicer places in New Orleans for $450 a night. The worse part of the experience was that it was so noisy we couldn't sleep. We stayed on the 15th floor and it felt like we were sleeping IN the bar/nightclub. We could feel the vibrations laying in the bed from the FIFTEENTH floor. I understand that the hotel may not be able to physically control that, but we wouldn't be back based on that one reason alone. 
The valet was a joke. We asked for our car 30 minutes before we had to leave. When we got downstairs, nobody was manning the valet station. We saw our car, but nobody was around to get the keys. We literally had to walk back in the hotel and ask for service. The clerk literally said he had no idea where they were and did not try to help. Once we found someone, the man had locked himself out of the office. Nobody could find our keys!  We waited 15 minutes. THIS situation caused us to be late for our game. At $42 a day for parking, you expect to get your vehicle in a reasonable amount of time. 
If you have children and expect them to sleep, don't stay here. It was a nightmare. This place is too expensive to receive anything less than perfect service. Will NOT be back. As a frequent New Orleans traveler, I promise there are MUCH better places to stay. Don't throw your money away.Stayed in the adjacent loft building. Pretty standard hotel, nothing special. Customer service wasn't great, especially during check in. Complimentary breakfast was edible, but served the worst coffee I've ever had. Hallways and lobby are absolutely freezing, and once you turn off the air in your room it becomes a sauna. All in all, a decent hotel in a pretty good location.Beautiful Rooms & equally Wonderful Staffs @ Ms Dawan Thank you for the easy & early check in. I enjoyed my stay. I would definitely be coming back and would be staying with you again. 
Cheers.My Fiance and I checked in Mon 7/30 we were put in a corner suite rm 424. REPULSIVE Couch had white stains  the walls had black scuff marks, Curtain was falling off the track.. We were only given 3 towels for a 6 night stay. The Ironing board cover does not stay on, the Iron was leaking water all over my fiances clothes as ironed. I called the fron desk to request a new one I had to call twice.. They finally came with a new one. Wifi and cable Tv. Goes in and out..Slept in the room 1 night. Morning of Day 2 Tues 7/31/18 , I went to get the delicious FREE breakfast brought it up to my room was eating my food .  I had to use the restroom washed my hands than slightly moved the used towles I placed on the floor, OUT RUNS A MEDIUM SIZED COCAROACHE  DISCUSTING LOST MY APPETITEI called the front desk @7:50 am to report tje Roaches!!! The lady at feont desk ( very nice did not give her name either time ive called) offered to have the room deep cleaned advised houskeeping does not arrive until 9am, I would have to leave for 2 hrs because they were going to deep clean and spray for the roaches.. I spoke to my fiance he was out for business training he said tell the to RELOCATE US. I called the front desk requested to be relocated, I was placed on a breif hold by the same front desk woman who never states her name She said we can move up to the 9th floor.. I asked for assistance to relocate as I had my luggage plus my fiances , woman said call when Im ready.. I did bell man Mikael was very nice helped my with all of our things.. New Room is much better  Hope I dont see more ROACHES .. 9:20 am hits as Im unpacking Houskeeping knocks at my door with a surprized look she said her records said room was Vacant when did I check in... I said today I was relocated from another room due to roaches.. She said she was not surprised and apologized for disturbing me...FYI COMMUNICATION IS IMPORTANT PEOPLE..SHE WAS NOT NOTIFIED WHEN SHE STARTED HER SHIFT AT 9AM FROM ANYONE.. Sweet lady not her fault... I would not reccomend staying in room 424.. The end LolI had the worst experience here. When my co-worker and I arrived my room was not ready even though I booked in advance. My co-workers room was ready so we went up to the 12 floor to see what their rooms looked like. Upon walking in I saw the return duct in the wall wide opened and it looked as if it was warped and hanging off the wall showing the internal portion of the wall with dust and dirt. We then saw that the night stand was damaged and paint was peeling off, balcony door wide open and lights not working. I then went down stairs to see if my room was ready and it was so I grabbed my key and went to my room to see if I had the same issues as my co-worker did with his room.
Here is the part that blows my mind. I walk in and get my stuff unpacked and did not see any issues with my room. I then get a knock at the door and it was security asking why I have not checked out yet! I told them I just checked in at the front desk and just got unpacked and they must have the wrong room number. Security left and I closed the door. Five minutes goes by and I get another knock at the door and I open the door seeing the Night Manager named Dwanda was standing in front of the room door with the same security guard. Dwanda then tells me to remove myself from the hotel and I should have checked out a long time ago. I then told her I do not know why she is telling me this when I just checked in at the front desk. She then asked who checked me in as if she was testing me trying to see if I was lying. 
This is where I got upset and said Raven at the front checked me in and I am a Hilton honors member and have never had this issue ever. She then asked if my name was Mr. Rodriguez and I said no I am Mr. Trujillo and couldn't believe what I was hearing. 
She apologized and said it was a miscommunication and left. I went back down stairs to complain not only about this issue but also brought my co-worker to complain about his room. She apologized again and gave us 2 rooms with better views and said for us to look at them before making our decision. We then went to look at the rooms and came back pleased with the new rooms. She then told us we can only have one of the rooms due to someone already booking one of the rooms we just looked at. I couldn't believe how unorganized this hotel was. Dwanda apologized and said she would fund us Hilton Honors points to our account and I still have yet to see them. I will not stay here again. I suggest you don't as well, after reading all of the comments on Yelp already I should have learned my lesson.Everything was awesome. Doing construction work to update elevators. They were slow but plenty of signage explaining the update. I would gladly stay here again. Room was clean and spacious. I enjoyed the balcony. Breakfast was good, not amazing. Location was convenient.Great location, best customer service around. I was in the lofts and the rooms are in progress of renovation. Diane the Conceirge is superb. She's a walking where to guide and very knowledgeable. I will be back to this hotel. Breakfast was meh, but it was free. They also have a free happy hour from 5:30-7 pm. I called it happiest hour!I was beyond disappointed in my most recent stay at the Embassy Suites New Orleans. Initially we were housed in a room on the fourth floor which smelled bad, had a dirty tub, warped wood lining the patio door, mold on the patio door and had falling stucco on the wall in the room.  In my many attempts to call the front desk I was unsuccessful. I called Hilton Honors to see if they could help (I only have Gold status) and I was told I should go to the front desk. After speaking to a representative at the front desk I was moved to a different room which was much better and more tolerable. I used points for this spontaneous stay and I throughly regret it. I chose Embassy due to the breakfast and the evening reception however, I was being greedy. As a GOLD member you get breakfast at other Hilton brands and as for alcoholic beverages, in NEw Orleans alcohol is available everywhere and it's not expensive. Oh and the valet parking is laughable. Driving your own car to the garage does not constitute valet parking. Overall, this hotel should not be associated  with the Hilton brand, I do not recommend this establishment until major changes are made. The staff and the concierge were all nice however, nice does not replace cleanliness. I'm really sad I wasted my points on this stay.We stayed here during a 4 day weekend during Mardi Gras. The staff is really friendly, even though they were swamped with Mardi Gras tourists. All in all, a great stay and I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone! =]We just concluded a wonderful 4-night stay at this Embassy Suites.  This hotel was a terrific value for our family of 6--we were all able to stay comfortably in one two-room suite.  We enjoyed the breakfast in the morning and the happy hour at night--a great way to begin and end our long, hot days of sightseeing in the Big Easy.  We loved the Central Business District location--equally accessible on foot to the Quarter, the streetcar stop, the Audubon attractions, and the WWII museum.  Overall, the staff was extremely hospitable to our family and provided many helpful travel tips.My stay at this Embassy Suites was one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had. The 2 bedroom suite was massive and had a pretty good view over the convention center to the river. 
The 2 hour open bar every night was excellent and got us well prepared for our short walk Bourbon St each night. The food in the hotel restaurant was also excellent. While we never made it to breakfast, we had several good lunches there. 
Everything is an easy walk from the hotel. I stuck my rental in the parking garage and didn't touch it again until it was time to head back to the airport. The French Quarter, Convention Center, Superdome and casino are all within a few minutes walking distance ... or stumbling distance for the French Quarter. 
The price is probably expensive considering how centrally located it is and that it's an Embassy Suites. Luckily for me all I used were some Hilton Honors Points.One of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. Been here for 3 weeks and the elevators have not worked right since day one. You will wait forever and the it will take you the wrong way. The water was shut off for a whole day, with no one knowing exactly why. It takes 5 minutes in the morning for the water to warm up. Housekeeping shows up some days, and some days they don't, gets me. valet service isn't bad, but on the weekends, good luck. Might as well walk. Never stay at ta Embassy Suites or Hilton brand again.Can't say enough great things about our experience at the Loft Towers. Great service! Place is clean and feels like a boutique hotel, not a major chain. Stayed for the weekend and took advantage of the free happy hour & snacks. They always had complimentary waters & sodas always available. Chips, candy, cookies were out at all times. Breakfast was legit with made to order omelettes along with Bloody Mary's  and Mimosas. We had a late night (hey, it's Nola) and asked for a later check out the following day. They accommodated our request and we got a 5pm checkout for just $75. Well worth it to sleep off the shenanigans. Stay here, you'll be glad you did.DO NOT VALET AT THIS LOCATION!!!  Last week I spent a couple of nights at this location. When I parked to check in, I asked if I could self park. The answer was "no". They did not suggest that I could self park at a garage nearby. 
A couple of hours later, they brought my truck around. I needed to put something in my console. Something caught my eye. I forgot that I had put a gift card in the console a week and a half earlier. It was gone. They did leave the cardboard backing. The valet on duty got my information and said he would get someone to contact me. He said they should contact me in 48 hours. He was nice and 
empathetic. 4 days later.....still no call. I called the number listed and left a message. 
I received a call the next day. Nice lady. She was very professional and calm. She offered to comp my valet for my stay. That was a nice gesture but that does nothing to make the feeling of being violated go away. I know the ticked gives to me says something like "the garage is not responsible for valuables left in the vehicle". What am I supposed to do? Take EVERYTHING in the truck into the hotel?The gift card was a "thank you" gesture from a youth basketball team I coached. 
I did leave out one small detail. This is a new truck. There has only been 3 people that have been in the truck alone: me and the 2 valet drivers. 
I am sorry about the long post but I am upset. If Hilton can't do a better job of monitoring their employees, I may have to move back to Marriott.We stayed at the Lofts after requesting and receiving an upgrade.  It was really nice, the front desk staff is very friendly and helpful on both day and evening shifts.  Our room was very nice and the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf coffee they have in the rooms is so good.  We had a nice view of the city and we were on the 7th floor near the elevator.  While I could hear the elevator every time it was used, it wasn't unpleasant, kind of sounded like a rumble of low thunder in the distance.  Was a little soothing, even. This is for the girls ( or the skin conscious guys), the bathroom lighting is unbelievable, I don't know what kind of bulb they use, but I looked fantastic the whole time.  I told hubby I need to hire a guy to walk around with this lighting on me all the time. 
 We ordered dessert by room service twice and it came right up both times.  My only critique would be that when they serve the Abita Root Beer Float, they should use a regular bar glass for the ice cream.  Ours came in a sundae glass and it was full with ice cream and so when you opened the Abita to pour it in, there was very little room for root beer.  We split the ice cream up using our water glasses.  The evening cocktail time had excellent drinks, service and food.  One night there was jambalaya, and another a spicy chicken pasta dish and always sweet potato chips.  The breakfast served in the mornings had fresh juices, pastries, coffee, cereal, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, oatmeal, yogurt and fruit and a made to order omelet station.  When we would come through in the afternoon, the lounge area always had candy.  Little snack size Snickers, Twix, M&M's.  Perfect for people there for the marathon, who seem to perpetually be eating.  We would gladly stay there again.Good location and breakfast, but could use updating. The front desk are not very friendly.  Do not use valet parking, but find a parking garage several blocks away for half the price.- $8 cab ride to the French quarter (not a far walk) 
- AMAZING complementary breakfast 
- complementary happy hour drinks 
- we were placed in the "loft" rooms (hotel rooms in the building next door across the street. Kind of strange and staff weren't very clear on directing us when we first got there 
- very clean and modern 
- & pricey!I recently stayed at this hotel and while the ameneties were great... free breckfast, nice room, great location and friendly staff, My stay took a turn for the worse 2 days in. I was staying here on a business trip and had my Laptop, iPad, iPod, and Bose Headphones stolen from my hotel room while I was out at dinner on the last night of my stay. I had returned from a conference I was attending to my room to catch up on a few emails on my laptop, then headed out on the town, with my electronics stacked neatly on the desk in the sitting room. When i returned in the evening all of my things were GONE ! I reported this Problem to the General Manager and to the Local Police. Management says they are "investigating" but I don't feel they are taking this very seriously. It has been 5 days since I reported this issue, and I have only receive 2 calls with updates. None of which are very helpful, basically telling me they have no "evidence" that anybody on their staff had stolen my property. I fully expect nothing to come of this and will most likely get one final phone call basically telling me I am SOL, they are sorry and hope this experience will not prevent me from staying wit them again in the future. You would think a hotel chain like embassy suites would have better concern for there guests security than this and when/if things go wrong to treat guests better than I have been treated. At this rate I may as well stay at the Motel 6 than Embassy Suites.My thoughts last night while watching the Superbowl and the reaction from the fans parading in the streets of New Orleans - "Where would I want to be when the Saints come marching in?".... 
Embassy Suites was always a family standard for visits to NOLA during Mardi Gras, although we had plenty of relatives in town and could opt out of staying in a hotel.  This location made it so much easier to just walk out on the streets and head down to catch beads - which is all you really care about, right?  I loved the hospitable treatment all of the staff provided, as well as the breakfast options.  
Location is prime, and the rooms are decent.  Embassy Suites New Orleans - a solid four stars ....First off, the hotel cancelled our reservation without notifying us, and we sat in the lobby from around 1am to 2am trying to sort our situation out, even though Booking.com verified that we made the reservation over 2 months ago. The weekend we came was a busy one as there is a jazz festival and a spinal surgery convention; consequentially all the hotels have been sold out for weeks. We ended up being able to get a room for at least the first night, but had to switch hotels half way through our stay.
Next, we see a guy walked out of the hotel handcuffed & escorted by three policemen, interesting introduction to New Orleans, since this is my first time here.
But wait, the review keeps going! 
The window of the room we got overlooks a beautiful brick wall, and the windows have an interesting green film on them. I guess those curtains are staying closed.
To add to all of this, I find that there are no hangers in one of the closets, and the door to the bedroom hits the corner of the bed...
At least they have a pool, oh wait - closed for maintenance! 
On the plus side, complimentary breakfast is better than most hotel breakfasts with made to order omelets and a good selection of other morning treats. 
I also have two tv's in my room. Don't need one, but two? That's great! -___-My group came in for the Essence Festival in 2007 and 2008.  This is a wonderful place to stay.  Everyone is very nice and treat you great.  Ms. Berniece was great, she treated or group like we were apart of the family.  Thank you Ms. Berniece (in the Sugar House Resturant).  Everyone from the front desk crew to the bell men, are wonderful. The free breakfast is wonderful, you can come down in your PJ's (tasteful PJ's)  and it is just like home. It is also very close to the convention center (1 block).  Thank you  to all the staff for helping us have a wonderful stay,   SEE YOU AGAIN THIS YEAR!This is one of the worst hotels I have stayed till date. Customer service is horrible. Nobody greets you, you need to go down to the lobby to get water bottles, wifi is only paid, the staff is extremely unwelcoming. I would give it zero stars if I could. Seems like they are paying people to give 5 stars.The WORST hotel in the nation. The INCONSIDERATE front desk will put your family in a second floor room facing the street then laugh in your face saying "have a nice nite bro."
They know that the SQUEALING TIRES - BOOMING MUSIC - SCREAMING - YELLING - ARGUING street people - POLICE SIRENS...TILL 6 AM.Great value- good amount of space, 2 TVs, free breakfast and free happy hour.  what else can you ask for when you are at a convention in NOLA?This hotel is an absolute embarrassment to the Hilton family. The king suite I ordered...  maybe a standard. Very small bath room. Very small bedroom for a "suite" . If you come here... do not drive... you aren't allowed to park your own vehicle. On top of being charged $42+tax per day. Even for diamond members. Absolutely ridiculous. The breakfasts at this embassy is the cheapest of an embassy I have ever stayed at. Minimal selection of food. Food over cooked. 
I had to call the front desk twice for bath soap so my wife can shower and fresh towels...  they only brought hand soap when they came. I will never stay at this hotel again.I am clueless WHY my original review has been taken down.  Further all reviews that the manager had responded to seem to have been taken down.  I was FINALLY coming back after having stayed there in November AND having met Yelps requirements to WAIT a couple of months before updating a review, which in and of itself is a bit irritating.   THAT Said, I had a big issue with the online system and a reservation I made.  I would've thought it was just me, but another woman in our party had the same problem.  We reserved for one date and got a confirmation for a different date all together AND a much higher rate.  I called the hotel directly after seeing the managers name and number in other YELP reviews.. How cool is that that he was at that time listing his name and number?  THOSE are the reviews which are now gone for some reason.  Anyyyywayyy, stayed there, LOVED it, suite was generously sized, bed was soooo comfortable, housekeeping was responsive, breakfast was great... luv'ed having my favorite, a custom omelette for breakfast (except a couple of days they didn't have spinach  - sad). It is within walking distance of Harrahs's yayyyyyyy.  Somebody in a current review complained about lack of parking.  I don't get that.. The hotel as a PARKING LOT .  So unless that person just didn't want to pay to park I don't know what they could possible mean by no parking.  I would beyond a shadow of a doubt stay there again.  The only thing that could have made it better would have been compliementary breakfast delivered to my room  LOL
DO stay there.. it's soooo worth it.There are a lot of great hotels in NO LA and a lot of crap ones. This place has a few downsides (mildew smell) , but the rooms are just fine, the bed comfortable. The good part of this place really is the service, which I found to be excellent. Attentive and very friendly staff who jumped to with a smile. 
We were there for a meeting and the meeting rooms are roomy. The staff was on top of coffee and snacks. Due to a problem with a group party day one, they comped us hurricanes and snacks day two and that was very nice (and the drinks were yummy).
This is also a very good location. Plenty of places to eat all around, lots of attractions. It Is right across from the Riverwalk mall and they do have a Cafe Dumond in there, which beats the crap out of S-bucks, IMHO. Short short walk to casino and easy walk to the quarter. 
I'd go back for location and service without question. The food in the hotel is exactly what one expects, but how can you complain about a fresh omelet and halfway decent coffee as part of the room price?This was unlike any Embassy Suites I had ever stayed in in terms of design. Perhaps built to withstand mother nature, the exterior structure was concrete blocks. Some rooms including ours was outside on a walkway! No midnight Bourbon Street leftover puking off the adjacent balcony. 
I asked for a specific room; the front desk gave me exactly what I asked for. A bit smaller room that I expected from previous stays. The faves for the wife included the doors that shut between the rooms. I'm an early riser; she is not. I spent my morning checking the weather and paying bills on my tablet. 
Wi-Fi service wasn't the best, worked better on the walkway on the outside leading to the elevators than in our room. I managed to get one drink from Embassy's managers reception which occurs daily 5-7 if your not familiar with the chain. Breakfast was decent with signs telling you when to dine to avoid peak times.
Location wise we could have been a bit closer to the French Quarter, but then the average room rate goes thru the roof. So, for about 5 blocks of walking I saved $50 a night. We took pedicabs in the evening when we ventured to far out of walking distance. The staff was amazingly friendly and the views from our room were beautiful. I'd totally stay here again on a future NOLA visit.I've only been here for a few hours and I'm in love with this place! They had a room ready for me even though I arrived 4 hours early and after walking around the neighborhood a bit I am enjoying FREE cocktails and snacks at the Managers Reception. Service is great, room is clean and big, and did I mention FREE cocktails?! Great way to start my vacation.This is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in a long time. The rooms are really nice and service is excellent. Also a great view of the city from your own personal patio. The beds are really comfortable and the pillows were soft yet firm enough for a good night's rest. They have free drinks from 5:30-7:30 which we took advantage of while we were there. The breakfast was really good too and they make omelettes to order for you. If you don't want omelets they have scrambled eggs and protein you can get buffet style.  Staying here is worth every penny!!  I enjoyed my stay and if I ever find myself in NOLA again, Embassy Suites will be my pick.I was coming to town for business and had booked this hotel - the reviews had me so nervous about my stay.  When I got here I couldn't believe there were so many negatives about it.  If you aren't from the area you aren't familiar with the bugs.. sometimes it happens.
Pros:
1. No issues with bugs! Room was clean and no issues
2. Breakfast is delicious! Hot food, made to order omelette, big selection, never a long wait. 
3.  Cute little balcony to enjoy the view of the city
4. Front desk service was wonderful as well as room service! 
Cons:
1.  No perks for being green and not getting your room cleaned.  I like perks for being green friendly 
2.  Some parts are a little out dated.  Paint chipping in the bathroom, doors scuffed up and needed some TLC.
Overall the stay was good, the location was great for the convention center & I enjoyed my 5 nights! Oh ya - they are allowing me late check out for tomorrow, which is always a bonus for me!I would not recommend coming to this hotel special during this month. There elevator are not working so I had to you the house keeping elevators which took for ever. The WiFi is 13 dollars and there customer service is absolutely horrible. They talked to me like I was garbage. I tried talking to the manager and it seemed like shit didn't care. The room was small for the price and there was a cockroach in the shower. I highly highly highly recommend not coming to this hotel. For the price I would recommend going to JW Marriott or saint hotel.I too didn't think it was that bad...first of all, the 4 stars is for a hotel in this class, ie. not a Hilton, Marriott, or the Ritz on Canal... stayed a week for a work conference. The hotel wait staff, managers, Gary and Bree ( think was her name ) were very competent and the breakfast buffet was plentiful. Just keep in mind, nothing fancy but my omelette and fruit were quick and good enough, I went down twice before heading to work. The bartenders (2 different males) were both pretty rude and seemed like they really hated the guests. However, I was happy that there was a bar at all to pick up a Cuba Libre to go on the way out to hit the town. Also the hotel is across the street from World of Beers, few blocks to convention center, a mall (w Nordstrom Rack and Last Call) and mall has cafe du monde (for you suckers who want to stand in a long ass line) and lots of good food in the hood like cochon, auction house market and two chicks.You guys are phenomenal. Period. Perfect walking distance to the French Quarter, Bourbon St, the streetcars, everything! Quiet rooms, plus a pool and free happy hour drinks? Done and done!! Not to mention I left my phone charger in my room and they oh so quickly shipped it back... big love to your staff!Unorganized with attitudes. Longest checkin process can't seem to hold rooms they reserved as 3 other people seemed to have messed up reservations. For the price they charge i expect way better service.I have been to several Embassy Suites over the past couple years, and this is by far my least favorite. The staff and aesthetics are nice, however the quality is missing. Aside from being in a good location, you have to pay for parking ($47 a night)  and the rooms are mediocre at best.I stayed here for memorial weekend and choose to use their valet. Worst decision made. The hotel itself was ok considering their buffet breakfast. The guys who checked us in were very helpful and friendly. During our stay we asked valet for our car which took forever. When the car finally comes we notice damage/scratches on the passenger door. We had dinner reservations so the valet girl who pulled up the car said when we get back we can file our claim. When we get back from dinner I fill out all the appropriate forms. The manager of valet was not available that night so the next day I go down in the morning, speak with the manager who apologized and assured me it would be an easy process. Said their insurance claims dept would contact me. The day of check out when we were asked how our stay was we explained what happen to our and felt like we should not have to pay for the valet. The lady at check out was very rude. Did not apologize said fee's still had to be paid and that valet was not part of the hotel. So as of today 3 months later I have still not heard from any claims dept. i have left messages on the managers voicemail to return my call and with the concierge but no return call. Very unprofessional. Because of this i will not return to Embassy Suites.Happy hour is amazing!  Depending on the night, lines can be long.  Get two at a time.  Be sure to tip the amazing bartenders well!  The bartenders were super nice! Get a hurricane, for sure.  The appetizers are just goldfish, fruit, and veggies with ranch. The highlight is the morning breakfast.  Sooooo good, especially the omelets.  Everyone there is super nice.  Room was great.  Only thing to improve on is maybe the bed and the pillows.  I wasn't a fan of the pillows.  Also, more electrical outlets for charging would be a plus.Best part of our stay was by far the breakfast experience; Miss Julia, the sweetest woman I've ever met makes you the most amazing eggs cooked to your desire right in front of you. Miss Julia put so much love into each omelette she made us that it was easily the best omelette we've ever had, and one of our favorite meals in the city. She is an amazing lady and made our stay incredibly special!The hotel is in great proximity to the French quarter. The staff is overall friendly and the hotel is clean. My issues with this hotel is the housekeeping issue that seems prevalent. I called down to the lobby to ask for some extra towels and didn't receive any till hours later. Really it takes hours to bring towels? Its clear that they are either understaffed or not committed to serving at a timely matterThis Embassy Suites' quality is just less than others I've stayed at.  Upon check in, there was no towels in the room, so I had to call the front to get some.  There's only 1 remote control for TV even though there are 2 TVs in the room.  There's only 1 garbage bin for the entire suite, including the bathroom.  The room next door left a tray of food outside the room with some leftover food.  The tray sat out in the hall more than 24 hrs.  I mentioned it to the front desk, and even after that, the tray sat there for close to 10 hrs.   There's no wifi access either.  If attending conference at the convention center, the location is good.  But there is absolutely no other perks to this hotel.This a PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT!! Do not come to this place-EVER!!! The pics that are posted for this hotel are straight photoshopped. This place is a dump.The pools are out of order, the air conditioner is loud and in our neighbors room it is not working at all. The linen only gets changed every 3 days, you are limited to 2 towels for a 4 day stay. The cable tv works when it wants to. You have to call the front desk 3-4 times just for someone to answer. You have to go to the bar area to get ice because the ice machines are not working on the floors of the hotel. They are very very short staffed! This is not a Hilton hotel, this hotel is owned by Ambridge which just is using the Hilton name! I came out here on vacation from to go to the Essence Festival, and was told that we were staying at a 5 star hotel... more like a -10 star hotel. I never ever experienced anything like this before with any so called "Hilton" property and I am very upset, especially after spending $2100 to come and stay at a dump like this! I need my money back asap!!!I will never complaint about an Embassy suites.  They typically have a good spread. We had a problem with the AC but they fixed it quickly.Stayed here recently and had higher expectations.  The property feels a bit run down and does not have a comforting vibe.  The free cocktail reception seemed like a poor quality experience.  They had run out of plates, food and snacks and took awhile to replenish.  The drink selection was thin and the quality was not great.  Breakfast was good except for the coffee - not so much. I'd give it a 3.5 for breakfast. 
Room was okay. Pretty standard maybe a little worn out feeling. 
I will say the service was very good and thus the 2nd star. Otherwise this property is nothing special and there are better choices IMO. I would think Hilton would update this property to be a higher quality.  
Overall, Very disappointed in this Hilton property.  Would not recommend.By far this is the worst Hilton property I have ever stayed in. The hotel hallways stink like ashtrays, the AC unit in the room is so loud you can't hear the TV, the entire hotel is horribly outdated and it's a dump for a lack of better words. Do NOT stay here under any circumstances. 
The Valet guy asked if I needed a bell boy or would I just get the luggage myself. I responded "I got it". His response was "ok good." Really?!? I guess you guys don't work for tips. 
TERRIBLE and it's only been 30 minutes of a week long stay!  Lucky for them i'm here on business or else they'd be giving me my damn money back and I'd be staying elsewhere.Update needed desperately and most expensive parking in NOLA. The location is great and near all the new hot restaurants and galleries and convention center. The staff was attentive, but they cannot make up for the run down property. There were holes in the walls, black dust in all the vents, a new coat of paint needed, carpets were worn, and things felt old. This property could be great if it was updated. However, the parking rate for guests $42 plus taxes and fees a night is outrageous. Higher than anywhere we have ever stayed. We will be staying somewhere else in June.Never ever will I come back here again!! This place is horrible!! Only thing I liked is the customer service (the few staff persons they had) who are very friendly. Food was ok... However, the price paid for staying at this place is definitely not worth the $299.00 a night. This is more like on a Motel 6 type level.Pretty good hotel with a perfect location. Breakfast is dam good and the rooms are clean and quiet . Could use a little updating but nonetheless a good choiceLet's see, cockroaches, continuously running broken toilets, broken elevators, guest washers and dryers that don't work and absolutely no effort or desire to fix anything. 
Aside from that- a great place to stay.The worst hotel experience. They have no idea how to handle large groups of people, which is terrible given that they're a convention center hotel. We had to ask repeatedly to get our room cleaned once during our four night stay. We ran out of towels and toilet paper. The only redeeming quality of this hotel was the breakfast omelet bar. We won't stay at Embassy Suites again.First impression walking in was nice (Sarcasm).  Walked up to the counter to check in and was ignored by the young lady who was supposed to be helping us.  Apparently, there was something more important on her phone than to look up and actually acknowledge a guest.  When after several minutes went by and another person came and helped us we went up to our room.  The hotel itself looks like it was converted from out door exposed rooms to indoor exposed.  Not a great look at all.  The walls everywhere on our floor were scuffed up, including our room, and the elevator on 3/1 in the AM smelled like barf.  They must've thought they did a good job cleaning it up.  NOPE!  
We never had a chance to take in the happy hours or the breakfasts.  I'm sure they were fine.  Not a place I'd recommend, nor stay at again.  Not a good value for the money at all.Loved everything about this hotel. The staff was friendly, speedy check in and check out, the breakfast was amazing! Definitely recommend this hotelMy initial impression of the hotel was very negative. To start they force you to valet,  self parking is not allowed. I despise valet parking. Then you aren't allowed to use their carts, instead you must use their bell boys. The check in area was very overcrowded and chaotic. It took about 10 minutes to check in. 
One of the few good parts of the stay was at check in. Seth was extremely nice, funny and helpful. I forgot something at check-in and he even brought it up to our room. It was Christmas day and we asked him for restaurant recommendations. He gave us the hotel list of restaurants open on Christmas, which none looked appealing, which he then recommended Oceana (not on the hotel list), which ended up being our favorite meal of the trip.
The room was just okay. The AC was very loud. The bathroom is practically nonexistent, with absolutely no counterspace. The pillows, though the right length for a king bed, were way overstuffed and uncomfortable. 
The breakfast was below average for an Embassy Suites. The meats were overly greasy, the fruits were barely edible (for my wife and daughter, as I won't touch cantaloupe and honey dew) and stocking was inconsistent. Getting (and keeping) tables and chairs was tricky. The only breakfast highlight was the amazing omelet I had on the last day and tge super nice cook that made it.
As always, the manager's reception was the highlight.THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!  This hotel is filthy, doesn't clean rooms consistently nor daily, and the valet service is horrible.  Please choose another hotel.  There are lots of great Hilton properties in New Orleans.Pretty good stay.  They put me in a "regular" room, not a suite though.  I didn't even know Embassy Suites had regular rooms... no matter.
I love the manager's reception and hot breakfast in the morning.  The carpets were a little gross in the hallways, but seemed ok in the rooms.  The HVAC was not working in the laundry room, but most normal guests won't use it.  Good value.Caveat emptor.  (Let the buyer beware.)
I'm a HH member and always try to stay at Embassy Suites.  But this one was a real letdown.  A good number of their rooms are in an entirely separate building--The Lofts.  At check in, they tried to 'sell' me by describing it as their 'executive tower.'
To get to it, you have to walk through a parking garage, half a block outside exposed to the elements, cross a street, and then (standing on the sidewalk) use your key card to even get in the lobby.  Fitness center?  In the other building.  Breakfast and Managers' Reception?  In the other building.  Room? Typical layout, but the smallest Embassy Suites room I've ever had.
Executive Tower?  Methinks not.
And the compensation for the inconvenience?  As a HH Silver member, I couldn't even get a bottle of water for my room.
Don't say I didn't warn you.Location, location, location.  This place is perfect in terms of being in walking distance to all things tourism in the city.  Located in the heart of the Warehouse District, 3 blocks from the Riverwalk and Convention Center, 3-4 blocks from several great restaurants (Emeril's, Tommy's and Cochon among them), 6 or so blocks from the WW2 Museum and street car access to Uptown and  reasonably short walk to the Aquarium and French Quarter.
The ladyfriend and I stayed here recently for a mini-staycation.  The suite they gave us was actually in an adjoining building which sucked since the main building has balcony rooms.  Valet Parking is 45.00 which is a typical inner-city rip off.  They offer free breakfast and social hour.  The social hour consisted of beer(surprisingly bottle Abita Amber amongst the choices) wine and Jambalaya.  Not bad for a "freebie".  The hotel also has an outdoor pool, a grilled cheese restaurant and a bar.  The place seems to always be busy since I booked 2 rooms for my daughter's 16th birthday just last week. (She was lucky enough to get a balcony room)  
Rooms are somewhat expensive( luckily I had Hilton points) but that's typical of touristy downtown spots.  If you want to be close to the action but still a little away from the craziness of the Quarter, this is the spot.After reading the reviews I was worried, but one thing I've realized your experience is what you make it. Yes the facilities are dated but its NOLA, everything in the city is dated. It wasn't as horrible as people are making it out to be, its not liked I walked into a room with a cot and a fatback tv. The rooms themselves are updated,  clean, and more that livable. To me the only people who complain about rooms are the ones who spend their whole vacation cooped up inside their hotel room. But if your out on the French Quarter all day, and on Bourbon Street half the night you just want to come back to a cold shower, a nice bed, and air conditioning, this hotel had all those. The receptionist Zachary was great and very helpful and as always the breakfast was on point.Solid family hotel, all things considered. We paid a pretty hefty rate, understandable given the Christmastime shenanigans, but it's an all-in consideration. 
With twin 3-year olds and an infant in the party, the free breakfast was a boon. There's an omelette/egg station as well as breakfast meats, which is nice. The staffing was pretty poor on the weekdays, leading to long lines. They also host a happy hour with free Bud Light and terrible cocktails.
Service was pretty solid. We had three rooms booked, and one was on a separate floor the first night. The staff was nice in accommodating us by moving the separated room on the second night. Valet is quick and friendly. Car valet is $36 a night, pretty standard in the area. No complaints about room quality.
It's 3 blocks from Cochon, FWIW.Made a reservation here to only be majorly disappointed when we arrived. Rats are crawling all over the streets and homeless people sit right outside the doors. There is also no parking lot, but it's $47.50 a day for them to park your car at a meter outside, on top of all other charges for the room. Checkout is at 9am, so forget enjoying your complimentary breakfast on your vacation unless you plan to be up super early. Sheets on the bed had yellow and brown stains, the shower water never got hot, and the beds were rock hard. Never again will I stay at an Embassy Suite.Great location very walkable to many parts in New Orleans 
Parking is $50 a night make sure to add that to your stay $$
Breakfast is on the house on busy morning can get crazy
Enjoy the evening drinks and snacks on the house before heading out to your evening plans
The air conditioning units in the room can be loud 
The suites have a balcony that brings in nice breezeWe've stayed in so many Embassy Suites but this one really had a lot character from the unique atrium to the very friendly front desk staff.  They made us feel welcome as soon as we stepped in the door and even let us check in early and offered us breakfast.  We were just hoping to store our bags for a few hours and they went above and beyond.  This hotel is super close to the convention center where we needed to be.  Great to come back after a busy day to a great happy hour.   Great location to fabulous restaurants and the cable car that will take you anywhere in town.Let's talk about the 5 stars first.  Great location, the traditional Embassy Suites expected Suites! Great breakfast, the bar was really nice.  Great drinks, lots of options and traditional New Orleans drinks offered!  
Day one, two rooms no AC, omg! It was like FLORIDA MEETS THE DEVIL IN NEW ORLEANS! 
No lie, the maintenance guy comes up, puts his hand to the vent and says "yep it's hot in here". REALLY!  He went on to state he can try to get them to knock something off the room.  My immediate thought was, how about knock some of this heat out of here.  
They move us to two huge suites, I be dang! Not AC! At this point, it's better to stay out of the room.  With no where else to go, we did just that! 
One STAR
STAFF
One STAR 
business practices
One Star
Management
Although weather is an uncontrollable natural occurrence, a plan for it isn't.  We had a steady light rain throughout the morning.  Upon leaving our room all seemed to be well until we returned back to our room.  The Hallway leading up to our room was flooded with about 1/2" of water.  No biggie, I'm assuming maintenance will come up, wet vac the water up and be done!  No such luck, 2 hours later we have 3" of water, our room is literally at the end of the hall, no way to get around walking in the water.  I asked several staff members for an explanation of why they didn't posses an extraction unit on each floor.  Seems pretty reasonable to me they would own once since you are operating a business in a location that is prone to flooding! NOPE!  The water intrusion on this property is scary.  The entire building on the outside quickly flooded.  Again, no fault of the hotel, but no plan either! The room next to us completed flooded allowing water to come into our room, I suspect from lack of maintenance on the drain system.  Our balcony drain worked perfect, the other not so much.  The lack of concern or sense of urgency from staff was disparaging.  Funny enough, they were prepared for personal care.  Next thing you know, almost the entire staff were walking around with thigh boats, rain boots and removing their personal items out of the hotel and taking to their vehicles.  The alarms for inclement weather were sounding off only via cell phone.  In no way shape or form did the hotel staff advise, comment or warn us of anything. The prospect of being electrocuted and or displaced seemed to be real low on the priority list.  The breakfast area leaked water, common hallways had water intrusion and no serious attempt to relocate advise or remedy some of the simple problems were available! I'm extremely disappointed! I trust the Hilton brand for all my stays and this one was mysteriously flawed! The two stars are because in spite the shenanigans we had fun.  All of the staff with no authority did a great job doing the nothing required of them!  The card board plank to have us walk on out the room, NO! Never! Water didn't smell like rain water! 
Check out how we got evacuated out of our room! It's pretty funny!We decided to stay at this hotel while visiting downtown New Orleans. It is in a fairly close location to the various parts of the city. The staff was very professional and friendly. We only stayed one night. The cost was $180/night which includes parking by the valet. We took advantage of the free breakfast and the happy hour the night before. I can only point to one disappointment during the stay. We have stayed at many Embassy suites and often take advantage of the cook-to-order breakfast. On this stay we did the same thing but we ended up having to go the front desk to get the chef to come out from the kitchen to cook our food (took about 5-10 minutes). Overall not a bad place to stay if you want to be downtown.Few complaints here!
Walking distance to convention center (also not a terrible walk to the French Quarter if you're up for it), hot breakfast daily (made-to-order omelets, biscuits/gravy, pancakes, bacon/sausage, yogurt, fruit, oatmeal/grits), happy hour nightly, clean rooms!
Only knocks would be:
1)that the fridge is really really mini. (3 people stayed in my room and we could barely fit 3 waters in there)
2) had we rented a car, parking is steep ($42 a night).
3) Check-in is super late (4pm). We landed at 8am and they couldn't accommodate early check-in so we just sat in the lobby. 
4)Although I didn't use it, the pool is also very small. I can imagine with more than one family using it at a time, it's get a little close for comfort.
Overall though, our stay was great!4*. I would have given this hotel a 5* if not for the proximity to the French quarter. 
 It's about .7 mile from it and to walk it when it's raining and cold makes it seem far. You can u er it but there's always congestion leading to the heart of French q.
5* cleanliness of the room. Carpet is clean and not smelly.
5* happy hour is complimentary With good quality drinks and fairly healthy choices of veggies and sweet potato chips
5* proximity to the convention center, below 10 min walkI was very disappointed in my stay at Embassy Suites on Julia St. My husband and I arrived for a wedding shower and then had reservations to stay there again with the wedding party in one month. We valeted my vehicle and then noticed that the right side of the vehicle was hit and both doors had to be replaced. This happened while the car was in their possession. We were told that a claim would be filed and that it would be taken care of. However, after we checked out and traveled home we learned that the hotel and/or valet service would not cover the cost to have the vehicle fixed. have made contact with the general manager and two separate occasions with no positive outcomes. We have since canceled our reservations for next month and the wedding party has as well. We will be staying at another hotel and because of this experience I will never return to Embassy Suites.