This restaurant is absolutely incredible!  My boyfriend and I came here on our recent visit to New Orleans, and we were far from disappointed.  
We arrived about 30 minutes before our scheduled reservation, and we sat at the bar and had a few cocktails while listening to the live piano music.  I ordered the No. 21 cocktail, and it was perfect.  
After cocktails, we were led upstairs to the second floor of the restaurant where Mario waited on us.  He is amazing and knows the menu very well.  We both got the soup of the day to start, which was a baked potato and corn chowder.  The smoky flavor from the bacon in the soup was phenomenal.  
The bread was also great!  There was an option of Ciabatta or a Jalapeño corn muffin, and I opted to try both.  The Ciabatta bread was perfect for dipping into the soup, and the jalapeno corn muffin had the perfect flavor of jalapeno without being over-the-top spicy. 
For my entree, I ordered the pumpkin gnocchi with duck prosciutto off of the appetizer menu.  The gnocchi was made fresh and to perfection, and the duck prosciutto was delicious and unique.  I also ordered a side of the caramelized brussels sprouts, which were also delicious.  I am greatly disappointed when I order brussels sprouts, and they are not cooked enough; however, Emeril's cooked them to perfection.  My boyfriend ordered the jerk spiced lamb loin, and he really enjoyed it.  
To finish off the evening, we shared the Bananas Foster for two prepared tableside.  There really is no dessert like fresh Bananas Foster.  
We had a wonderful evening, and we enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant, which was formerly a house.  The service was impeccable, and I will definitely be returning here on my next trip to New Orleans.Came for Happy Hour...drinks half off and small plates $5....drinks and food were delicious! Atmosphere classy but comfy! Excellent service!You need to hit this place up for happy hour. 99 cent chargrilled oysters were amazing!!! We plowed through 3 dozen. The crawfish beniegts were fantastic too as were the fried green tomatoes. Half price drinks also made this happy hour even better. The sazeracs was exceptional. We had 3 dozen oysters, beniegts, fried green tomatoes, 3 sazeracs and 5 glasses of wine for $120 tax and tip included. The staff was awesome too. Try this place out!!!!!!We came here during Mardi Gras 2015.  Too bad it's right in the pathway of the major parades.  Our cab driver dropped us off about four blocks away and we had to walk four or five block across the path of the parade.
When we arrived we got seated right away.  We were seated up stairs.  Our waiter, Francisco had a great personality.  We started with a bottle of Prisoner Saldo Zinfandel Wine.  It was very good.  I had the NEW ORLEANS 'GUAPPO' SALAD.  It was very good.  Monique had the CRISPY PORK CHEEK.  That was good too.  Jennifer S. had the JUMBO LUMP CRABMEAT REMICK.  This was very rich and tasty.   
For dinner Jennifer S. and I had the GRILLED LAMB LOIN braised collard greens, glazed yams, preserved watermelon, pecans, mango pickapeppa.  The preserved watermelon rind was really good.  The lamb was tender and tasty.  Monique had GLAZED DUROC PORK CHOP red bean and rice congri, lime mojo.  It was tasty.  
The dessert was Great!  We had two desserts:  WARM BLACKBERRY COBBLER creole cream cheese ice cream, oat-walnut tuille.  I didn't eat any of this because I wanted the TRADITIONAL BANANAS FOSTER vanilla bean ice cream, salted pecans, prepared tableside.  It was Sooooo Good.  
I had a great time at Delmonico.  The food and service was top notch!Went there to celebrate my friend's 30th bday with a party of 4. Excellent service. Omg they had a duck leg special where the duck was braised in its own fat for 14 hours. Uhh, yes please! The crust was perfectly crispy and came with a tasty braised kale that has a somewhat sweet sauce...perfect mix of sweet and sour. Such an awesome place for maybe a smaller group since it's pretty pricey.Simply delicious. Have always wanted to eat at one of Emeril's restaurants and it did not disappoint! We had the BBQ shrimp as an appetizer (my fave). I had the snapper, my husband the lamb- both amazing. Finished with the beignets for dessert- also amazing. Would definitely return although next time I will probably try one of Emeril's other establishments!I don't know where to begin with one of the best meals I've ever had in my life.  I guess I'll just begin with the Bloody Mary and the lobster beignet I was greeted with.  Both could not have been prepared any better and things remained constant from there.  The barbecue shrimp was absolutely wonderful.  Our main entrees were the fried chicken and the brisket.  Both were prepared and presented so perfectly I would have guessed Emeril might have been in the kitchen himself.  The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside and tasted great.  From a family that has prepared brisket my whole life and thought we did it better than anyone, I've never had brisket just melt on my tongue before.  The team service concept was executed perfectly.  Don't tell Emeril but I would have paid almost anything to have that meal again.  if you are considering whether or not to eat at Delmonico,  do yourself a favor and make sure you fall off on the right side of the fence on that one!Amazing!!!!! Everything from the food to the service.  I liked that they brought every at the same time.  The coordination and execution of everything was great.  The waiters are very nice and polite. The food was excellent.Good drinks, great starters, and desert,  however, the rib eye was not (tough, gristly & not much flavor).  Great service.  Was a bit noisy...been there, but will now try someplace different.Great food I had fish delicious suggestions get the pork chop my husband got it is  exquisite !They gave me a bad experience for one night of the three that I was staying in New Orleans. I wish I could give them 10 bad reviews. They were overloaded so instead of the main dining room we were shuffled through the kitchen to a back room. The room had a tile floor, windows on both sides as in a greenhouse. This made the room very noisy. It was so noisy we could not talk at our table for four And the room was not full. I asked to be seated in a quieter spot such is the main dining room and they told me they had no room. Walking through there I saw many tables that were empty.
The noise level was so high that we left. 
This is a high-end restaurant and they should know how to control The noise to make all the rooms pleasant. It really isn't too hard to put some sound absorbing material in a very hard walled room. They ruined one day of my three days vacation. And left me with a bad taste in my mouth for my last day.
If they cared about their customers, they would treat them betterThis place is definitely a treat. The food was flawless, the presentation was top notch, and the service was remarkable. It is quite expensive, however; I would recommend trying it out for that special occasion.Great service and awesome food!  All you would expect from an Emeril restaurant! Top it off with Bananas Foster prepared at your table that is out of this world!The only mistake was making this our first stop once we arrived. Everything after was compared and paled in comparison to the food, quality, taste and the service. We could honestly say that we had never had a dining experience like this before. It was awesome!!!!
Pros:
Service (attentiveness of our server(s))
Food quality
Cocktail selection
Knowledgeable servers (respectful of my gluten allergy)
Location (garden district, easy parking)
Ambiance
Employment of local youth.
Cons:
My crème brule was too small
Too much ice in my water
(nits, I know...but we wanted to be balanced in our observations)
I have to also say that we went to Commanders Palace for dinner after  this experience and it was not even close to the same experience. It was disappointing and too bad because it was for my sweeties birthday. Waa!My meal was very salty and the bed containing beans were not completely cooked. My brothers duck confit was very dry and not that flavorful. For the price we paid you'd think everything would be perfect and the chefs would take pride in each dish. As we left the manager asked how everything was. We said we weren't really that happy about everything. He patted my brother on the back and said, well thanks for coming in. No care, no pride - very disappointing. On a positive side note, I started with the gumbo which was very good.I am surprised that others did not give this restaurant 5 stars. I travel a lot so often eat at restaurants in cities around the U.S.  My husband is a foodie so he scouts out places for me to try. Every morsel we had here was delicious - the yellow beet salad; the speck and fig plate; the crawdad risotto; the deep fried soft-shell crab, and the filet mignon (with 3 sauces). In addition the service was wonderful. Appropriately warm, attentive and respectful. The piano player/singer was also excellent. Perfect for a place where people are eating and chatting. Excellent selection of songs and not too loud or too soft. My husband had the Emeril Chardonnay which I tasted and enjoyed. I had a Hurricane in the French Quarter before dinner (a deceivingly strong drink) so I decided to stick with the sparkling water. I have paid a lot more for dinners that I only liked half as much! I wold definitely go here again and would recommend to friends, family, and you!The food was very good, but the service was ATROCIOUS. We asked for wine recommendation as we were looking to purchase a bottle and were told there would be somebody coming to talk to us. After 30 mins, another waitstaff came to ask what we wanted to drink. We were pretty fed up at that point so we just picked something. He served the wine and did not return until 20 mins later to take the food order. We were 3/4 way through our appetizers when he showed up with our entrees and said he wasn't going to bring these entrees back so he was just going to take the appetizers away. We were literally still eating! The whole attitude was mean, mean, and mean! He also reeked of cigarettes smell. Awful experience. Will not return.Service was absolutely excellent - Francisco took amazing care of our party on a special night. The appetizers were delicious  - the stuffed boudin balls were excellent. Three members of our parties (myself included) ordered the shrimp special. It was an unfortunate choice as the dish was bland, unsavory, and overall a disappointment. We ordered hot sauce and lemon in attempt to save the dish, however I was unable to salvage it and sent it back. The desert made up for what my dish lacked - oven chocolate chip cookies and artisanal cheese board were phenomenal. Although our main meal was flawed, the overall experience was still pleasant - mainly due to Francisco's service and attention.My husband and I came here for our wedding anniversary and the service was impeccable! Francisco was our head waiter and he made our experience one to remember. He brought out sorbet with candles in it and gave me a rose. Not only was the service amazing, so was the food. My husband ordered the ribeye and he said it was the best steak he ever had! I ordered the cafe au lait creme brûlée and it was out of this world! It came with a molasses cake that was so moist and flavorful, I devoured it even though I was so full from my entree. You must try this restaurant if you ever visit NOLA!!I had the red snap fish and it was well seasoned and prepared well.  I had a good tasting experience as I tried some of my friends dishes.  The Risotto was a little salty but ok.   It was freezing cold for some reason as well but it was a ok experience and I probably won't go back again.  Maybe Emeril's other restaurant are better.We went to Delmonico's with high hopes after hearing about the amazing steak and reading other reviews on Yelp. This place did not disappoint. 
To start off the food was amazing, expect nothing less from Emeril, but the staff and the service are what will keep me coming back. 
I'll start with the food, we started with a guapo salad and the crispy pork cheek. Both were fantastic, the pork cheek was juicy, tender and delicious on its own but then it sat on dirty rice, which might be by far the best I've had in New Orleans. The "guapo" salad was crispy and very fresh. I'm not the biggest fan of olives but I enjoyed these a lot. 
For entrees we ordered the Bone-in Ribeye medium and the Cuban Chorizo Stuffed Durac Pork Loin. The steak was fantastic and compares to the steaks served at La Boca. It was juicy and came with three sauces, chimichurri, bernaise and emeril's Worcestershire. My favorite was the bernaise, it was smooth and just a little bit tangy. The Worcestershire was a little too sweet for me and the chimichurri was a little too limey.  As a side we ordered the collard greens, which according to my boyfriend were the best he'd ever had. They had the sweetness of the Worcestershire sauce without being overpowering. The pork loin was very juicy and came with that delicious dirty rice and crispy plantains, my only (and a very small only) was that the plantains were a little tough, but the dish was amazing. 
For dessert we ordered the "dessert of the day" which was a three layer chocolate mousse, of dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate with fresh strawberries and a champagne gelatin. It was amazing, the mousse was creamy and smooth. I'm not a big fan of gelatin but the flavor was delicious even if I don't like the consistency. And to finish off, the service. The staff works in a team oriented fashion and our waiter Joseph was attentive and very friendly, in the middle of a very busy New Year's Eve. The entire staff was very gracious, made us feel very welcome and definitely make us want to come back.We went here with a group of 12 and were really happy with our food and service that we received. I had made a reservation since we had a larger group and as soon as we arrived we were seated. We were greeted by our waiter given the menus which included a large menu with wine and cocktails. Our table ordered 3 bottles of wine to start and the red that we had chosen was not available but we were given other suggestions for other bottles that were similar. We did not order any appetizers other than salads and from the salads to our entrees everything came out at once and was amazing. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meal. I had the 6 oz filet and it was cooked medium rare as I had asked and super tender. I also tried the Mac and cheese which was creamy and had lots of flavor. My cousin is a vegetarian and ordered a couple of different sides for her main meal and was very happy with the portions and food that she chose.Had a 50 person dinner party during a big conference.  Food: A+
Service: A++  David was our head waiter and did a fantastic job. 
Met the GM, Saleem.  Fantastic guy and very customer oriented. 
Events Manager: C.  Theresa needs to do a better job in communication leading up to the event.   Told me she would be there at beginning of event to say hi and didn't show.  I had to email for specifics and ask questions as opposed to Theresa sending info leafing up to event. Had no idea how things were going to go.  Luckily the rest of the staff made the event a very enjoyable evening.The food was absolutely delicious and the service was even better than the food. Every employee was kind and polite, after every sip of water our cups were refilled. Women were served first, it was like taking a step back in time. The filet and the ribeye were outstanding and the Mac n cheese and ice burg wedge salad were unbelievably delicious. AMAZING restaurant, truly fine dining.We looked up the website before making reservations for this restaurant.  It tells you the dress is Casual...this is NOT a casual place!! We felt fairly under dressed and a bit uncomfortable.  That being said, the meal and the service were truly amazing.  I wish we had expected a fine dining atmosphere and it would have been the perfect evening!Outstanding I loved this place - the food is terrific - I had a fried oyster appetizer - it was served over linguine or fettaccini - it was so good - I was stuffed after the first course - but that didn't stop me from ordering a entrée which was shrimp something - it was so yummy -and of course dessert :)  this place is great you will be so happy you came here - and the ambiance is just lovely I do not know the history of the building but I'd guess it's once was a fantastic old home - we asked to be seated on the first floor because they had a piano man playing and singing the best music he totally rocked we had been enjoying him in the lounge before being seated and wanted to continue listening to him over dinner - this is a great restrnt - and the St.Charles trolley car (the green one) has a stop right out front - enjoy!!The food lived up to the hype but we were supremely disappointed in the service offered by Jessica behind the bar.  Through out most of the meal, she was conversating with one of the servers and frankly, the discussions were inappropriate for being in earshot of a customer.  There was an f bomb and at one point they were discussing their "first time" with one another.  She had also told us that during happy hour, all mixed drinks were half off, which led me to try a normally $17 drink.  Low and behold, the tab comes out and it's still $17 instead of $8.50: "oh sorry, the Lematt isn't half price".  Did she fix this?  No.  We don't live here so saying we won't be back doesn't mean much but I'm pretty upset that I let myself get my hopes up thinking an Emeril restaurant would deliver a great experience.What else can you say about this joint that hasnt already been written?  Get the Ribeye.  Hands down the best dish they have.  Service was rediculous and the atmosphere is true NOLA.Loved the attention to the table that the wait staf provided.  Great meal!  Loved the charcuterie board.  Don't go for the Bananas Foster....there are much better versions to be had in NO.We went here on a Saturday night.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  We had the crab and bacon appetizer.  Amazing!  We split the 20 ounce bone in rib eye.  It was cooked perfectly and the tasted perfect.Be far the most expensive and most delicious steak I have ever had. It was well worth the experience and cost. The steak was cooked to pure perfection.  It melted like butter in my mouth.  No knife was even needed.Had a wonderful meal on a quiet Tuesday night! The service was impeccable, and Kevin our waiter was delightful and informative! Appetizers included the famous BBQ shrimp and grits- 5 stars, Boudin Balls - 5 stars, oysters 5 - stars. As for dinner red snapper fish of day  - 5 stars, Louisiana creole shrimp -5 stars , but...my Drum Meunière was so salty and fish was so thin it was barely edible, potatoes were soggy and sauce was tasteless. Very sad. Another disappointment was the Wedge salad! I've had a far superior salad at BJ's chain restaurant! 
Dessert was liquid with wonderful coffee, Frangelico and Baileys! Yummy!
I would have given my review 5 stars for atmosphere and wonderful service but the Drum and wedge salad brought down my ratings!
Our visit to Emril's NOLA back in September 2016 was fabulous! And the vibe there was much younger and hipper!I have been to both Emeril's restaurants in Orlando and thoroughly enjoyed them.  I had veal cutlets over linguini with crab sprinkled very lightly over the top.  It was good but I expected it exceptional.  The atmosphere was nice in an old house and the service was great.Update- my now Wife & I finally made our way back to Delmonico in New Orleans after a long two years away! I just can't say enough about this restaurant and it's staff! 
We started at happy hour on Tuesday and the bartenders couldn't have been better! They made fabulous drinks and were very interactive with the crowd. 0.99c chargrilled oysters are bomb and the drinks are half off! Great way to start the night. 
On the way to be seated, we got to see the kitchen and talk with the chefs....super cool! Our waiter was awesome. Older foreign gentleman. Super helpful.  All the food was cooked perfectly and we are prob going back before we head back to Texas. 
Only thing that would make the experience better is running into the man himself! Bam! Let's kick it up a notch!Great place to take a date. Food is excellent. Atmosphere is quiet and very nice.  The severs are very helpful and can assist with any questions about the menu. The desserts are a must have. Save room if you can.My wife and I are traveling for our 25th anniversary ended up in New Orleans and ran across Delmonicos while we where exploring.. if I good give this place more the 5 stars I would from the staff to the amazing food. 100% coming back every chance we get!!!My husband and I celebrated our first anniversary here three years ago and had a wonderful experience, so we were excited to visit again. Unfortunately, this time, we were very disappointed. The waiters, while polite and helpful with menu suggestions, rushed us throughout the entire meal, both while ordering and eating. Also, we asked to speak with the sommelier for a wine recommendation, but he was out for the evening, so our waiter helped instead. Each of his recommendations were within the $300 range. We were glad we didn't take his suggestions, since one of our steaks was unfortunately overcooked. Finally, our table was somewhat awkwardly placed, so we had considered asking to be seated in the bar, but we were glad we didn't, as there was a hockey game playing loudly during our entire meal (loud enough so we could hear the play by play in the dining room.) I think we will skip this stop on our next visit to NOLA.This is  easily the BEST (and most expensive) of Emeril's 504 resaurants, and twice has given me meals that i have literally had dreams about.  Strict dress code.  The service is impeccable, better even (dare i say it) than Commander's, and the wine cellar is one of the best anywhere in the world.  I've done the chef's tasting on both visits, and always recieved better food than i imagined and an extra course or two thrown in on top of the already expectation-shattering cuisine.  This is the kind of food that will make you a very happy fat person, if money is not an issue.First off, i am a huge emerils fan.  We have dined at the bar overlooking the kitchen at Emerils several times.  We love that place.  I had remembered dining at Delmonaco's years ago a couple times and really loved it. So I decided to bring the family for one of our special dinners in New Orleans. Unfortunately we found the atmosphere very unwelcoming. I really believe that our waiter wish we werent there.  we were seated upstairs which I don't want nearly as much is the ground floor dining room but that was fine.  We ordered nice wine I had the dry aged ribeye.  It was a 5 on a scale of ten.  Kept on the fire too long on one side and barely finished on the other.  Pretty poor attempt at medium rare.  Son didnt really enjoy the salmon. Wont be back.I should have sent my steak back, it was overcooked. Great service, padded walls, high ceilings, and way expensive. Everything was on point except for the food and the price.By far one of the best dinners we had while in town. I highly recommend this location, not only for the great atmosphere and service but also for the amazing food. Being from NYC I am not accustomed to walking through the kitchen! My family got a huge kick out of that part! The desserts may have been my favorite part as was the appetizers! My two favorites was the Duck Prosciutto and the Pancetta wrapped dates. Actually all of the appetizers were amazing. Had a blast! 100% recommend it!I liked it better than wife did, but she is a tough cookie. Cold soup sampler was very nice and refreshing start to the metal - definitely gonna try making that watermelon gazpacho one day. The beloved loved the olives. I have to admit, I did not like the pork cheek. Not that it was bad, but it wasn't for me. I think it was a texture thing. That being said, I'd eat that rice that came with it any day and twice on Sunday. Steak was good, not $45 good, but mushroom side dish we had with it was fabulous. A+ for service: knowledgeable and very attentive, but not intrusive. The Mendoza Malbec was very nice, and the price reasonable, ca. 35 bucks or so.The bone in rib eye was excellent as well as the garlic mashed potatoes. My wife's red snapper was excellent but the bed of risotto underneath was not. It tasted like bland creamy rice. The crab ramik was absolutely phenomenal!  My wife's salad was perfectly dressed with vinaigrette. The corn and crab bisque was a let down. I was a little disappointed with the service. The waiters kept coming in and out and seemed like they were rushing us. We did not have to wait for anything but I didn't like being rushed. The waiter was also not that great at suggesting wine. He said 'ya it's good, it's still on the menu.'  Overall a great place to have great food.The four-course tasting menu is a smoking' deal and a great way to try multiple menu items. For $25 more, they'll pair each course with a wine, and the pairings really work.  We found the service confusing.  The servers were great and extremely professional.  But our wine pairings usually arrived when we were halfway through with the course, and our water glasses were topped off so frequently that it was disruptive to conversation.  Try the blue crab bruschetta - several of the ladies moaned out loud, that first bite was just so good.Food was good, but staff weren't as knowledgeable about the wine as other high end restaurants.You'll end up paying about $100-$150 per person.The food was very good. I had the jumbo shrimp. I also had a drink and it was exceptional. I highly recommend hitting this spot up if you are visiting. It's much better than the places in the French Quarter.It was fantastic. The food was great, the wait staff was constantly available. (Not in a bad way).
We did try the pork cheek, which was amazing.
I had Gumbo which was the best I've ever eaten.
My hubby drum fish, which was out of this world. Everything was cooked to perfection.Great service and ambience ! Don't forget to try the satsuma rum punch - light and refreshing not a huge fan of rum but loved this drink ! overall thought the food was ok - a little too well seasoned for my taste. The whipped potato side was great but unfortunately the food wasn't where I expected it to be -The food here is amazing. So rich and flavorful. We ordered the crispy pork cheek and duck prosciutto as an appetizer. I can say that I am not a fan of the duck prosciutto but I was curious to try it. That being said, the crispy pork cheek with the cornbread was amazing. The cornbread by itself was delicious and I don't ever eat cornbread (I normally don't like it). For entrees, my husband ordered the duck confit and I had the pork chop. The duck confit was in a sweet sauce. It was very tasty and the skin of the duck had a perfect crisp. My pork chop came with some potatoes and green beans and mushrooms; it was delicious. As I like to say "finger licking good." The meat was so tender and flavorful, it was a party of spices and seasonings in my mouth. The portions were large which we were not expecting. For a final touch, as part of our perfect anniversary dinner, we ended with a dessert - none other than the classic New Orleans bananas foster. They make it right in front of you. It takes about 3 minutes, and one order is enough for two big portions. This dessert is delicious and super sweet. All the servers were great. We did not have any drinks here besides a ginger beer and water. After being a whole week on vacation in New Orleans, our bodies don't need any alcohol for a while. We had a great time and it was a perfect dinner for our first anniversary.Good food - although I will say I tried a few things and didnt have anything that I LOVED. Still good though. I recommend to dress a little nice (guys in collared shirts).  Nice ambiance (piano player, low lighting, great wait staff).  Had the pancetta, gnocchi, Mac n cheese, seafood bisque.Wow wow wow! The grilled oysters were to die for!! I followed it up with the shrimp and linguini in a truffle butter sauce. I wanted the crawfish gnocchi too but couldn't decide, the waiter suggested I get the linguini and they would add crawfish and it was succulent.I was in town on business, and as usual, my wife had scoped out the places for me to go.  This was on the list, so I went on Sunday night after flying in from Denver.  As they make a point of how they age their own steaks on the premises, I decided to get the bone-in ribeye.  It wasn't bad, but I expected it to be better.  In fairness I probably should have given them a chance to make it right, but I didn't  think it was quite to the point of sending it back to the kitchen.  I invariably get better steaks at Elway's in Denver, hence the two stars.  They had lots of other interesting things on the menu, so I should have had something else instead.This place was simply beyond heaven. Had an amazing dinner with friends here last night.  Started with charbroiled oysters and bbq shrimp. Moved onto the drum and courtboullion. Finished with the banana foster for 2. Everything was incredibly delicious and prepared to perfection.  
The ambiance was beautiful, waiters were knowledgeable and warm and friendly and the company I was with was the best!!Great service and always AMAZING food.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in NOLAThe food here was ok, it was tough for us because we keep kosher. But the server did his best to work with us and had things made specially.  The BBQ shrimp was really nice as an app. The jalapeno corn bread would have been better if served warm. My husband really enjoyed the shrimp stew.
More than the food, the service here is incredible. I told the staff that my 7 year old daughter wants to be a chef when she grows up, so they agreed to give her a tour of the kitchen. They did a lovely bananas foster table side - my kids were in awe. The server was so nice, he had the chef sign a postcard for my little girl. It was a night she'll never forget.Service was terrible. Food was nondescript.  Waste of time and money. DO NOT COME HERE.Wow. The food was spectacular and the service was unbelievable. We felt like queens. Francisco and Charlie gave us the best service. So happy we made the choice to dine here. Thanks!!!Have been to NOLA many, many times, but never eaten at Emeril's until today!  With a live pianist stroking the 88s  (smooth jazz, blues), the ambiance is both cozy and embroidered with a feeling of opulence. 
The servers are friendly, knowledgeable and anticipayory of your every need. Every attention to detail here. 
And then the food!  Oh my goodness, the food!  I had a wonderful ribeye steak, cooked to perfection!  Along with the steak, I had pan seared brussel sprouts and the best crawfish mac and cheese with a tad of spice. BAM!  Home run!
The drinks are great, with healthy pours. Perfect celebration for my daughter's graduation from Tulane's School of Business (MBA). 
Will make it a point to always eat at Emeril's when in NOLA!  Loved it.A great experience with great friends. Everything was wonderful, from walking in and having a serving "team" greet us at the table, to incredible food, to reception hailing us a cab upon leaving. Thank you Delmonico!!!Literally had the best steak of my life...the rib eye.  Wow, just heavenly...!  Also during other visits, have tried the iceberg salad (ok), the crispy pork cheek (really rich) and the miriiton (yummy).  Be sure an ask for the bananas foster table side...so fun and really delicious!Simply outstanding. I've never had service like this before - simultaneously attentive and unobtrusive. The food - as you might expect - was fantastic, and the cocktails were outstanding as well. They make a mean old-fashioned!A great meal in a unique and high class setting. 
We had an awesome dinner at Delmonico in NOLA. Emerils team pulled out all the stops and put on a show. With an outstanding staff, great menu, and top notch drinks this was a great place to visit and enjoy a nice meal. 
Reservations are highly recommended and when your there try the rum punch; too good.
Enjoy!This restaurant was good, but not great.  Usually I'd expect to have fantastic service from a restaurant that has "Emeril" plastered on it, yet this place fell short.  We were treated more like we were ignorant than anything else.
The food was great, not fantastic, but their accoutrements appetizer platter was wonderful, with in-house cured meats and pickled veggies.
Unfortunately service is really important to me, especially if we're paying a pretty penny for it.   I won't go here again next time I visit NOLA.  I'd rather go to Mother's or Acme Oyster House and pay less for better tasting grub!I will start by saying if I could give this place ten stars, I would. My husband an I chose this restaurant on a whim for a nice dinner for just the two of us. We made the reservation through open table which was very easy. We showed up about thirty minutes before our reservation and the hostess checked us in and showed us to the bar where we could sit and wait to be called. The bar was fantastic! There was a piano player playing all the classics and new age pop. The ambience was relaxing and upbeat at the same time. We had about 15 minutes before we were called (still 15 minutes before reservation time) and were sat at a beautiful table in the middle of the restaurant. The piano music carried through the whole restaurant and it was delightful. For food we had the jumbo lump crabmeat remick and for dinner I had a 6oz petite filet and my husband had the New York strip. For sides we chose the Brussel sprouts and Mac n cheese. For dessert we split the cinnamon roll bread pudding. All of our selections, included the bottle of cab, we ordered were due to our servers suggestions. He was spot on. I wish I remembered his name so you could ask for him when you go :(. On top of the food, we had two other servers so our drink never got close to empty. On our way out, the valet called us a cab and we were on our way in five minutes tops. When we come back to New Orleans, we will go back and I suggest you stop by.If you can ask for Fransisco as a server. He is absolutely amazing! Joshua was part of his team and he never let my water get less than 1/4 of the glass empty. Now that's what I call service. The food was behind amazing and something we have never experienced. Our table did the summer tasting and it was well worth the money. As a little cherry on top each team member said goodbye to by our name upon leaving. Overall we were completely blown out of the service and in love with the food. A must do treat in New Orleans!Great cozy place. Good food. Chef even made a special vegetarian dish for me since there wasn't any Vegetarian entree in the menu.We had the best dinner experiences we have ever had tonight. The food was amazing and it was made even more special by our waiter, Verne, who was charming, funny, and perfect at what he does.  We started with the crab croquettes, then shared a blt salad, and finished with steaks and bananas foster.  The whole team there was fantastic. We were especially thrilled to listen to the piano player -- what a treat. Thanks for a wonderful experience, and thank you to Verne!  Ask for Verne and ask for him to make you a Verne Foster for dessert.Overrated and overpriced.  The first table they gave us was literally in the middle of the doorway leading into the main dining room; my seat was basically next to the hostess stand.  We asked to move and they led us through the kitchen to a back room full of parties with 8+ people at each table.  I couldn't even hear myself think, let alone have a conversation with the two other people I was with.  
We asked to be moved once more and the GM was very nice about it. They finally brought us to the upstairs dining room where more than half the tables were empty.  It would be understandable if these tables were already reserved for other groups, but it was 9:30pm and the dinner rush was certainly winding down by then.  The food itself was okay, but everything is so overpriced and I've had much better meals in my lifetime.  The iceberg wedge salad consisted of a just couple of pieces of lettuce and the other usual ingredients, but for $10, it was really unremarkable.  Every other steak place I've been to that has a wedge salad on its menu gives you about 3 times the amount they served us at Emeril's.  The NY Strip was prepared well, but the duck was very tough and chewy. Again, I've had much better for the price and you'd be better off spending your money elsewhere.Best service ever. Food was overall wonderful, but some dishes were more wonderful than others. The salmon had a fantastic crust that is some voodoo magic because no one at my table could figure out how that was made. The black eyed peas and greens were a great combo without being mush. The swordfish was delicate and simple but could have had a tiny tad bit more umph. The eggplant was to die for, but the jambalaya also needed a bit more umph. Dessert selection was incredible with variety and unique pairings of favors. Blueberry cheesecake cobbler! Oh my!This restaurant really checked all the boxes off for being a great experience: accommodated a large-ish group, great food, great drinks, reasonable prices, and nice service.
For drinks, the Sazerac is great for anybody who likes stronger drinks, while the King's Cup that they had around Mardi Gras was great for anyone else. 
Agree with other Yelpers that the confit pork cheek is definitely worth a try. The gumbo felt very traditional with nothing too crazy attempted. The duck breast entree was probably one of the best duck dishes I've had.
The portions were very generous, and on top of that they had some addictive cornbread that they kept refilling for us.Came for early Valentine's day and it was simply wonderful. Emeril's Delmonico is quite simply the best fine dining restaurant in New Orleans, and the reason is two-fold:  Incomparable service and outstanding food. Waitcaptain Francisco Dusan, as always, both oversaw and personally delivered perfect service, The food was, as always, perfectly delicious.  Nothing whatsoever could have been done to make the experience any better. Once again, a special occasion was made even more special thanks to Emeril's incredible food and Francisco's incomparable service!!I came to Delmonico's in 2004, before the hurricane wiped everything out. This IS THE BEST. Best Service, EXCELLENT Cosmopolitans, KNOCK YOU OUT Jack and Coke, and the seafood is out of this world. I will always remember the seafood medley I had... don't remember the name, but it had clams, muscles, calamari, red sauce, last but not least, the BABY CRAB CLAWS! They were so flavorful with the real taste of fresh crab, and tender. DELICIOUS. Definitely will visit again when New Orleans is not hit with hurricanes. The little house the restaurant is located is also very charming. The restrooms was very charming as well-- very Victorian.I had an excellent meal here and the service was amazing. Highly recommend the boudin balls and the drum mennieure!Really, really good.  We split three dishes and each was excellent, especially the spectacular charcouterie sampler. And the service was impeccable.Still knocking out excellent service and outstanding food.  Started off with a cheese and cured meat plate and had the NY Strip with grits, greens and yams.  All off the chain.  Their mini cornbread starter is still the best I have ever tasted and the attention to details is bar none.
Valet service is still free and if you can ask them for downstairs seating so you ca enjoy the piano coming from the bar.It was so amazing. I ordered the lamb shank and it was so tender I just used my fork. I'd never had a plantain before, but it comes with it and thought it was really great too. My hubby ordered the 6 oz filet, brussel sprouts, and lyonnaise potatoes. The brussel sprouts were so tasty and were probably my favorite. We like to eat half then switch plates so we can try everything. The steak was tender and was served with 3 sauces. My favorite was the worcestershire, but the bernaise was great too. For dessert, if you don't get the blueberry cheesecake bread pudding, you will miss out. That was literally the best dessert I've had in NOLA. My only complaint was that I noticed that they don't really have vodka or rum drinks on the menu. I don't like whiskey which is what they mostly had. My husband loves it and had the barrel-aged vieux carre. He said he liked it. I would definitely recommend this place and would eat here again.My husband took me here for Valentine's day, and we had a blast.  The food was delicious and inventive. Our Favorite was the green onion sausage stuffed bell pepper.  
The only drawback is that is is super expensive.  210 dollars for just me and him, and we only had one glass of wine each.  You can get good meals all over in New Orleans.  I am not saying it wasn't a good meal, but it wasn't the best for the price.  Just keep that in mind before visiting.We went here for Valentine's day this year and WHAT a treat!
Even though our waiter was a bit sarcastic, I found his humor to be worth the show.  
We both ordered steaks, they were delicious.  Almost a no brainer.
We ordered salads, also very good.
But the most entertaining aspect of this place is the banana's fosters.  SO if you can keep from stuffing yourself, or not, because I know I couldn't you definitely should get this.  
They make a whole show of bringing it to the table and firing it up and putting it on your plate.  It was wonderful and I know that my husband will tell you the same. 
MMMMMM good!Fantastic!  Best Ribeye ever...phenomenal service, everything was outstanding.
My new favorite restaurant in New Orleans!Five stars for service and the experience they created for my friend's bachelorette dinner!
I'm usually wary of celebrity chef places, but I've read all about Emeril has really given back to the city, and my friends who love food also loved this place.  
We started off in the lounge area where the guy at the piano serenaded us to songs like "All of me" by John Legend and "My Girl."  Drinks were good, including the house hurricane (not too much like fruit punch) and the blood orange smash.
Once we were brought upstairs, our team of servers was very attentive and not stuffy at all.  Water was CONSTANTLY refilled, and they even bring you fresh glasses at the end of the meal.
Food:
- Crispy pork cheeks over red rice: surprisingly not too fatty but nice and crisped, great flavor
- Andouille: a trio of sausage, andouille on goat cheese and crostini, and another version that I didn't get to try. It was a nice showcase of different preparations of sausage
- Gnocchi with sausage: good texture on the gnocchi
- House Cornbread: topped with butter and served in cast iron skillets.  This was complimentary and was way better than most bread baskets
- Mac n cheese: a little under seasoned for me
- Asparagus: iberico cheese melted on top was a nice touch; asparagus was tender
- Brussels sprouts: nicely roasted, definitely a favorite
- Chard: very flavorful, good meat flavor
- Fries: well seasoned skinny fries
- Gumbo: not as strong in flavor as I expected but not bad
- Sauteed redfish: redfish topped with lots of crab, served over swiss chard and lots of lentils.  The toasted almonds added a nice texture, and the satsuma butter was good for the citrus.  Even though it was my second night of red fish, I still really enjoyed the dish
- Filet: the favorite of the table - tender and well seasoned. It came with 3 sauces including a chimichurri, but even on its own, it was very flavorful
You have to end your night with a table-side bananas foster.  The show is always fun, but the actual fish was nice and boozy without being too sweet.  
After this, let's just say the servers made it a very memorable and entertaining dinner.  Lloyd and his team went above and beyond to make it an amazing experience for all of us.  They were seriously the highlight of our bachelorette trip to NOLA!I was so excited for this place and really all I wanted was the banana foster. I had the petite filet and creamy Yukon mashed potatoes which are my favorite meal. Both were flavorless which was a major disappointment knowing that my lack of culinary skills could surpass making this meal. I tried fried green tomatoes for the first time. Not a fan. Thought they needed to be a thicker cut with a lot more seasoning but then maybe those weren't meant for me. When it came to order the dessert, the waitress said the banana foster was no different than anyplace else and pushed something different. That was the moment I lost interest in the place all together and we called it a night. Major disappointment for my last night in NO. Now headed to Brennan's to have my favorite dessert. BTW, the supporting staff at Emeril's (sorry not sure what you're called) was awesome at refilling water and being attentive.Used to be one of the best in the city. Recently, it's fallen off tremendously. Poor service. Ok food. I hope it gets back to where it was.I only had drinks and appetizers off the bar menu - but I wish I had planned to stay for dinner!  I loved the deviled eggs and the salmon rillettes, these two items may have been two of the best things I ate while in New Orleans.  The deviled eggs had shrimp and andouille in the filling and it was unlike any other deviled egg I have ever tried before.  If you are in the neighborhood I definitely recommend stopping in for a little pit stop.  The bar gave us a great ambiance (with live piano and singing!) in order to rest, fuel up and freshen up for the night.I love this place. New Orleans has tons of very nice service staff, but this place sets the service bar very high. Highlight of my trip to the city. As always, Emeril's food is outstanding. The bbq shrimp appetizer, and the crab Remick (sp?) were Fantastic. Flavorful and I'd order again when I return. My friend tried the duck special, and I had a filet mignon with Bearnaise. Both were perfect! Finished with the vanilla Blue berry and raspberry creme brulee. Yum! Cappuccino was a fabulous finish to a fabulous dinner!!Excellent southern classic cuisine and some great steaks too.
Had to try the shrimp and griitz. The gritz was like a delicious refined sauce not your typical morning oatmeal. We had several different plates and all tasted delicious. Even if pricey its worth it for the ambiance and delicious food.Whenever my company participates at a major tradeshow or convention we always make a point of having a team dinner following the opening night reception. Not only does it allow team members who are sometimes spread across broad geographies to socialize a bit in a casual and fun setting, it also allows everyone to enjoy the tastes of the city that we find ourselves in. This last point was particularly true as we prepared to head to New Orleans with a team of 18 in tow.
New Orleans is known for its unique tastes and there are many extraordinary chefs and restaurants but one in particular has reached a special place in the American food zeitgeist and that is, of course, Emeril Lagasse. What a perfect idea to eat at one of Emeril's restaurants.
As we investigated, Yelp directed us to several promising options and we started by reaching out to the events coordinator at Nola (http://bit.ly/12ktND3). Unfortunately, our experience there was not great. Communication was difficult and frustrating, but the real deal-breaker was the $3600 minimum they required. Perhaps if we had a group twice our size that would be tenable, but certainly not when we were only expecting 18.
We next connected with the events coordinator at Emeril's Delmonico whose name is Theresa and she could not have been better to work with. To start, Emeril's Delmonico only required an $1800 food and beverage minimum and would provide us with a private room, with bar. Best of all, however, was when we started looking at the menu options. We were disappointed to note that the private dining menu did not include Emeril's fried chicken as an option. Theresa's response: no problem, we'll add it. That's all we needed to hear to sign the contract.
The final menu included something for everybody. Note: These descriptions are highly abridged from the actual menu descriptions!
Appetizers (choose one)
Barbequed shrimp baked grits
Vegetarian gnocchi 
Salad (choose one)
Delmonico house salad 
Iceberg salad
Entrees (choose one)
6 oz. filet mignon
Louisiana drum meuniere
Buttermilk fried chicken breast 
Desserts (choose one)
Coconut cream pie with lime meringue
Bittersweet chocolate bread pudding
The total per-guest price (not inclusive of drinks) was $62. There was also a $12 upcharge for the filet, a $220 room charge and built-in 20% gratuity. 
The night of the reservation we walked to the restaurant from the Convention Center. It was an easy walk, taking maybe 20 minutes. Entering the restaurant we were warmly greeted, but only had a few moments to appreciate our surroundings before we were invited to move to our private room. The next few moments were unexpected. As we began to follow the hostess, she took us right into the restaurant kitchen. The normally bustling facility came to a near dead stop as everyone in there - wait staff, chefs and others, paused to look up, smile and welcome us to their restaurant. 
It was outstanding.
Climbing a set of stairs, we arrived at the second story room and were introduced to the two gentlemen who would be our servers for the evening. Throughout the night they provided us with friendly, attentive and professional service. The room itself was set up with four tables, had private bathrooms and a bar. There was plenty of room, and yet the space felt intimate. 
The only downside was that the room was very cold - to the point that several team members were uncomfortable throughout the evening. The staff did their best to warm up the room - including opening a back door to let some of New Orlean's warm southern air in. 
I decided to warm up by ordering a cocktail. 
Bread arrived at the table, but I didn't have any. I didn't want to fill up on bread and not be able to eat my meal, which is exactly what one of my team members did. At the end of the main course I found myself staring at his half-eaten filet, wondering how weird it would be to ask for his table scraps. (I decided against it.)
In time each course of the meal arrived. The gnocchi was delicious and tremendously flavorful. The salad was gorgeous and satisfying (http://bit.ly/12ktxny). The fried chicken was totally unique - not crispy as I expected, but tender and juicy - even the skin (http://bit.ly/12ktDLU). I didn't enjoy the items that accompanied the chicken, however. I think it was sour cream mashed potatoes. I also didn't love the Coconut Cream Pie - I found the lime meringue to be too tart and overpowering (http://bit.ly/12ktCrw). 
For wine we ordered the Emeril's private label red ($60) which was quite good. I enjoyed several (many?) glasses throughout dinner.   
As the evening started to wind down, my team member's faces were filled with looks of contentment. Everyone was well fed and ready to head into the New Orleans nightlife. 
Oh, and that $1800 food and beverage minimum? The final bill came to $1797.I love Emeril's Delmonico.  This place has a great happy hour from 5-7pm Monday thru Friday.  The cocktails and wine are fantastic.  The food each time I've been here has been great as well as the service.  I really enjoy this place.  The best deal is to come here for lunch on Fridays and have one of their 3-course specials.My wife and I were here last in 2001 and just had to make a return visit in 2013; this time with the Honda Pilot and the 10 and 8-year-olds.
This was our only "dress-up" meal, and the servers treated us to a real first class meal.  Our team handled everything with ease and lightheartedness that made everyone comfortable.  It was impeccable.  
The food was also outstanding.  Started with the grand assortment of charcuterie and this was something new for my kids to try.  They mostly did not like it, but the breads were nice that it came with.  My children split a New York Strip perfectly grilled medium.  I had the duck which I thought could have been better.  They did sub Brussels sprouts for me which was appreciated.  My wife's lamb was "perfect" and won the best meal of the night.  I tried the strip and wished I ordered that.  Nothing was over-salted or over-seasoned.
Dessert was some homemade ice cream for the kids, 1 scoop of sorbet for me, and a new Cobbler dish just put on the menu for the wife.  She won on that one, too.
I do think my Riesling beat out her vodka and cranberry, though.
Very expensive for the four of us, but I tipped very well because it was deserved.  $320 for the four of us, and I hope Emeril's Delmonico stays around for when my kids get older to see again what service should be and food that is just great!
I have to give props to my kids for doing so well in the restaurant...a retired teacher at the next table over even commended them on being so well behaved.  I think they know when to turn themselves on and off!We had the most amazing dinner - complemented by the outstanding service of Francisco Dusan and his team.  He was the funniest, friendliest, most wonderful service captain I've ever had the pleasure to meet!!!!Service is very good but the food is below average for new Orleans and at that price. I was generous to give it two stars. A much better choice is Stellas or Maximo's.This was my first visit to an Emeril restaurant.  I expected to enjoy it, and also expected that I'd find a few faults to justify my mild disdain for Emeril's "bam" style.  Didn't happen.  The waitstaff was casual, warm and real, true to their hometown.  My steak was sublime: Beautiful cut, cooked perfectly, well seasoned.  Appetizers were delicious.  Nothing on the menu will win acclaim for purity and simplicity -- bold flavor is the theme here, and they've nailed it.  I left very full, and very happy.Amazing place to eat. Absolutely delicious food. Ask for Francisco - he made the entire experience perfect! The pork chop was delicious. Asparagus with bacon - So good!! And I don't even normally like asparagus.  
Overall a wonderful place and a delightful experience. Check it out. Will definitely come back next time I'm in New Orleans.Great place!  Nice cozy atmosphere for a fancy restaurant.  Our service was great - but one of the waiters was very rude to the younger female waiter... she seemed a little new and he was annoyed with her ..  It definitely showed which was unpleasant. 
I wanted to try something different than I would normally get - and I was so glad I did.  I had the dry aged moulard duck breast with sweet corn maque choux, swiss chard, roasted poblano and cheddar grits, house made tasso jam for $29.  This meal was AMAZING. The duck was tender the top was crisp, the tasso jam made the meal for sure!  The perfect bite was a bit of everything at the same time! My mouth is still watering.....
Ryan had the roasted springer mountain farms chicken baked macaroni and cheese, green beans, andouille gravy for $27.  Nothing spectacular, but has great taste.  The baked mac and cheese seemed like it was missing the cheese..  a bit disappointing only because we love creamy cheesy mac and cheese.
The restaurant does not "feel" like New Orleans - but the food was some of the best we had on our trip!Over salted underwhelmed!
The appetizers were only ok. The entrees were incredibly over salted. I sent my "special" swordfish back because it was in edible. The shrimp dish was not much better.   Four of the six dinners at our table were over salted.  It took forever to get the replacement dish -everyone else t my table was done by the time it arrived. And for all the waitstaff, no one came over to say anything.  
The waitstaff was inexperienced. One waiter after another reached across my plate to refill my husbands water glass. I finally "leaned in", to not have an arm in my face.  
I would not go to another emerils and would suggest others stay away, unless you prefer highly salted food.Delmonico was the first place we tried in a long weekend visit to NOLA, and must say it set the standard for the rest of the NOLA experience.  First off, our waiter, Francisco, was excellent in prompt and courteous service as well as his knowledge in the food and drinks.  We wanted to stick to strictly local flavors and he excelled with his suggestions in both, drinks and food.  Which brings me to second, the food is superb!  The local New Orleans cajun flavors explode in you mouth with whatever you try from the menu.  
The ambiance is very smooth and romantic, but it also allows for a lively family gathering.  The staff is courteous and attentive. We could not have been more impressed.  I highly recommend you try everything that jumps at you from the menu; you won't be disappointed.This is the best lace I've been to for a gourmet, lighter version of traditional New Orleans favorites.  Crawfish beignets, étouffée are light and fresh using herbs and light sauces rather than smothered.  Cocktails are equally good!  The atmosphere has energy, but quietening hot easily converse with your table mates. Convivial, but not rowdy.  Close enough to be convenient to tourist hotels, convention center, and downtown.  Service is attentive without being overbearing.  Valet parking helps for an area where parking is tight.  Along streetcar line.I have had several meals here and this was no exception. Always incredible service and our server Francisco was exceptional and had the right NOLA lagniappe attitude! He will take great care of you too! (Get the cornbread with honey!) I had the drum and it was huge and well seasoned, so yummy. Even though you will be stuffed you have to try the homemade warm cookies and ice vanilla milk! Never disappoints!We were satisfied and thrilled with our dining experience at Emeril's Delmonico. We started with oysters, unique in preparation. We had salads but would have eagerly enjoyed the soups they offered. I had the salmon, and my spouse enjoyed the duck. The food was wonderful, perhaps my single best dining experience ever. But even if the food had not been as superlative, the service by the team would have made the dining experience a delight under any circumstances. Left totally delighted.Loved it!  The food was awesome, but it should be used as a special occasion because it was not cheap. Worth it though...Highly recommend!!This was one of the best dinners I have had. The setting is beautiful, service was wonderful ( Malcolm was our waiter and did an amazing job) and the food was delicious! My son and I felt so welcome and really enjoyed everything we ordered. The gumbo is the best I have had. The beignets were great and I loved the drum special. We had the warm cookies for dessert. Really a special place.Delicious food, service was great. Our waiter made sure we were happy and took great care of us.
We ordered the filet, a variety of fish within our party, and a New York strip steak.
The sides of whipped potatoes and mac  and cheese were unreal.
The corn bread  was baked to southern perfection.
This is not a touristy place, but definitely a must see for any foodies coming from out of town.I went there for a private party, so I didn't get to experience the traditional service. But the place did seem fantastic. Got to go through the kitchen and got a little tour. For the food, I had the gumbo and creme brulee. Hands-down, the best gumbo I've ever had. I'm kind of depressed, because I doubt I'll ever have it again...at least until I visit NOLA again. Great place. Try it.Maybe we are biased because my husband loves Emeril, but we had a wonderful dinner and experience.  We were seated by the window on the second floor two flights up.  We started with salads which were very tasty.  My mixed greens were good but with a little too much salt and pepper for me.  My husband enjoyed his iceberg salad, very similar to a wedge but with buttermilk ranch dressing.  All the staff were very attentive and our filets were perfectly cooked and served with three different steak sauces on the side.  We ordered fries, one serving was probably enough for four people and brussel sprouts were abundant and delicious too.  I had chocolate macadamia ice cream and my husband had keylime pie.  We were both so full afterwards.Ok..this is a great place if ur looking for a nicer, fancy meal in New Orleans. It's in a part of town away from the craziness which is nice. Got the porkchop which was so so good. Husband got the ribeye and he loved it.  It the appetizer h HAVE TO GET is are the baked oysters. They were the best thing we had in New Orleans.Food--fantastic.  Wouldn't expect anything less from an Emeril restaurant and they delivered.
Service--while waitstaff was friendly, they were not as attentive as one would expect from a restaurant of this caliber (asked to have wine served with meal, it arrived a few minutes after dinner was served; plates not cleared in a timely fashion; no follow up after dinner was presented, etc.).
Atmosphere--Nice.  Subtle surroundings.  We there at 9pm on New Year's Day so the crowd was sparse.  After a crazy New Year's Eve on Bourbon St. and Jackson Square, the unassuming quiet atmosphere was a nice respite for us.  (Although that was short lived...we headed back to Bourbon for more after dinner...)
Overall a good experience.  The service could be firmed up a bit (especially since we had a team waitstaff of 3 set up to take care of us), but I would still recommend.Better places for the money. Like the regular Emeril's.We had great service and our meal was fantastic. The entire experience was wonderful. Huge wine selection and a menu to please anyone. We started with the boudin balls and they were fantastic!! I wish they gave more than 3, but I'm glad they didn't because I could have ate an entire plate full of them! I have the Louisiana Drum Meuniere for my entree, it was delicious! I've never had it before, but several of the wait staff recommended it and I'm glad they did! I also had the collard greens for my side and being a southern girl, I know how I like my collards....these hit the spot!! My husband had the NY Strip which was great as well! He opted for the whipped potatoes and they were yummy! We finished it off with the sweet potato bread pudding! It was very good as well. The entire meal was delicious and in addition to the cozy atmosphere with the great wait staff, I would highly recommend this place and give it an A+ rating! We will surely be back!Here, we had the opportunity to fulfill a long-standing dream to enjoy the culinary stylings of the famed Emeril Legasse.  
At 1300 St. Charles Ave. in New Orleans, we were witness to a rather ordinary and unimposing restaurant that has been in place since 1895 - Emeril's Delmonico (once simply known as Delmonico).  
Despite having undergone a late 20th century renovation, there was still an old broken-in feel to the restaurant.  I suppose it was that quality that made for a comfortable yet elegant atmosphere.  Though fancy, the experience was not overly pretentious.  The dress code for the patrons allowed for casual attire.  Did I say comfortable?
The service here was second-to-none.  I was never left wanting for anything.  The service was prompt, friendly, unobtrusive, accommodating, and knowledgable.  Clearly, all of the employees here are very professional and have their act together.
Now to the part you've been wanting to hear about: the food.  As you could expect from a restaurant with Emeril's name attached to it, the food was...well, "Bam!"  Every minor detail, right down to the complimentary bread and butter (a dinner roll, jalapeno cornbread, and butter) was delicious.  The entrees (I ordered a dry-aged 12 oz New York Strip, my girlfriend ordered the Filet Mignon) were simply amazing.  My New York strip was served with three dipping sauces: worchestershire, bearnaise, and chimichurri - all of which heightened the enjoyment of my meal.  My girlfriend's filet-mignon included sweet-potato croquettes, brisket debris, and butter-braised leeks (I had to try one of those croquettes and oh my was it tasty!).  For dessert, we enjoyed chocolate cheesecake bites (described as "divine" by my girlfriend) and cinnamon beignets with chicory coffee anglaise (oh so good).  Another item of note was the impressive wine list.  We enjoyed a bottle of St. Urbans-Hof Reisling.  All of these culinary delights together made for an exceptionally satisfying meal.  
Now, as you could expect, this meal did not come cheap.  Be prepared to spend well over $100 (for two people).  That being said, it was totally worth it.  I recommend Emeril's Delmonico for that special evening - whether that be an anniversary, birthday, or other special occasion (or for any other excuse you're looking for!).  My hat is off to you, Mr. Legasse.I was in town on business and a vendor held a dinner here. Prior to joint the group my friend/co-worker a stopped in the bar to have a drink.  The 2 bartenders were not very social at first and it took a bit to get them to relax and a have a conversation. Once we got them to loosen up, they offered some great city tips/info and made a yummy drink for my friend using pear vodka. 
Upstairs at the vendor dinner, I was completely impressed with the food. It was all fantastic!!!!!  Group service was great as well and our glasses never ran dry.Maybe it was a bad night. Maybe the wait staff at our table was new. Maybe this is a restaurant that I'll take a while to return to, too. The waiters seemed very young, fairly unknowledgeable, and moderately disinterested. The food was good, not great.The best part of the meal had to be the bananas foster made at your table. Our waiter Brett was fun & welcoming. All the wait staff were on point! Atmosphere was nice. The meal... I was underwhelmed. It was missing the BAM!!! Maybe I expected more because it is Emeril's. I had the crisp duck w/ waffles & greens and the it was overly drenched in sauce. I like to taste all my food not just the sauce. My friend had the chicken dish & gumbo which was good but we both felt we were expecting flavors that popped! Unfortunately it wasn't there.AMAZING!!  Went to this restaurant on our last night in NO, and was well worth it.  If possible, go to their happy hour 5-7 before your dinner.  The bartender is incredible and made some of the best, freshest, most unique cocktails I have ever had...for $6!  Service was incredible, though I am slightly awkward with people putting napkins on my lap.  Food was great, but be prepared to shell out some moola.  However, I felt prices were very reasonable- can easily get a great meal + wine/drink for under $40.  Definitely recommend!OMG!! Best food in NOLA! The food was excellent! However my filet mignon wasnt the best. It had no taste but the food of the rest of he people that were with me were excellent! My favorite was the steak that my husband ordered with the buttery sauce on top! It was the best!
My fav apetizer of the night was the crostiny with crabfish and bacon! Bet appetizer i've ever had!!!
However the service wasnt that great. We had to wait a LONG TIME for the check to come in and also the servers were not around when we needed them.
The ambience is excellent an the bar is pretty cool to just go for a drink with friends. 
The spot were we ate we gad to go thru the kitchen which it was pretty weird but kinda cool! 
This is a must go place!This is a great restaurant in a great location with pretty good service -- much better than my last two dining reviews from my time in NoLa.  I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the woman at the front desk! 
The great:  Our server and our food-- not only was he friendly, funny and kind -- he was knowledgeable and most accommodating.  Upon perusing the menu, I had intended on ordering the roasted beet salad.  However, after a quick chat with him, my mind was changed.  I was served a dish that was found nowhere on the menu -- just to accommodate my diet!  I've dined at a number of nice restaurants, but never had this type of experience.  My company, 3 additional guests, all orded from the menu and agreed their meals were cooked just right!  I should also mention the spirits list was marvelous.  They had a "rare" scotch that didn't have the rare price -- quite an unexpected find for me!
The subpar:  Being seated -- admittedly, we were a bit under dressed, thus, we were seated at the back of the restaurant sort of tucked away in the corner.  Upon arrival, the aforementiomed hostess, asked if we had a reservation (we did not).  When I explained the nature and occasion of our visit, she (smugly) told me she would "try and seat us", and that it would take about 15 minutes (which should have been more like 30-45).  As part of my company was under the age of 21, and there was limited waiting spaces, we elected to wait outside.  If I am honest, because of how we looked (both dress and age appearance), I felt like it only took that like to see if we would just get fed up and leave... not exactly what I would have expected for such a diverse city.
Overall, I felt great!  And again, had it not been for the hostess and her demeanor, I would have given 5 stars. 
4/5 would dine again.
-NLocation: Old cosy house in the CBD heart of NO.
Service: very good. Some misunderstndings between colleagues were on the funny side.
Drinks and Food: very good. Oyster were fresh and excellent. The steak as ordered (medium rare). Also the side dishes. Perfect!
Overall: recommendation!The food was consistently good but did not blow me away. I ate at Delmonico in Las Vegas and was blown away there.  We were seated at a terrible table, near the wait station and door.  The person seating us was obnoxious when we objected.  We should have eaten at the bar.  Other staff were friendly and efficient but not that knowledgeable. Won't go again.Let me first start by saying that visiting Delmonico in New Orleans has been a dream of mine. With that said here is my 2 cents worth. 
The restaurant is located in southern garden district, really nice neighbourhood far from the craziness of the French Quarter.
Upon entry we are greeted by the hostess who sat us at a table covered with a white table cloth and set up for two. The atmosphere in the room is very formal. Many men wearing jackets. Wait staff is formally dressed. 
Now for the food. French and Italian classics are prepared with heavy Creole influence. Everything from pork cheeks to duck breast was so wonderful and looked and smelled great. Unfortunately for you the reader I got taken over by food and ate it without taking pictures, sorry but I'm not sorry. Drinks where nice and strong too.
This is a great place to eat and experience the great fruit of great chef's immagination. I'm sure you will enjoy anything that you'll decide to order.excellent food but was very pricey.  we had a private room and had to walk through the kitchen to get to it.  kinda weirdI'm not sure what was better, the food or the service! Everything was impeccable. Everybody who served us was fantastic, and  the food was to die for. Nobody, NOBODY, should leave this restaurant without having some chocolate chip cookies!!! Loved it, and  I will definitely come back again next year.I am a frequent visitor to New Orleans and dine at its best restaurants when I can. My family and I were with a group of 12 family and friends for a special occasion dinner at Emeril's Delmonico on a recent Saturday. Considering Emeril's reputation--and prices--it was a very disappointing experience.
We had an 8:15 reservation and were seated at a long table better suited for 8 than 12; our chairs were literally touching. Not getting any help from the wait staff, we took it upon ourselves to move 2 people to the ends of the table and adjust our place settings. Staff said they could not adjust the table further. Worse than that, the table was directly under an AC vent blowing cold air on a high setting. We had to ask three times over the course of an hour to have the AC turned down before it finally was taken care of.  
8:30 passed before we were approached by a waiter who gave us water. About 15 minutes later a waiter asked about drinks. Of course, we said! Several guests wanted white wine so we ordered a bottle of white wine (on their menu), only to wait 20 minutes because the staff said the wine needed to be chilled!
However, the biggest problem was that the dining room was too noisy to carry on conversation.  Maybe it's that way most of the time, but that night there was an extremely loud table of eight. A table of four between our table and the boisterous one actually left on account of the noise.  I know the reason because I joined them as they spoke with management.
But Wet we were stuck - I knew that the chances of finding another table for 12 in New Orleans on a Saturday night were nil.  I asked the manager why the restaurant would let a group to so completely disrupt the experience for others, but the manager was unwilling to ask them to quiet down a bit. Not the Emeril's attention to detail I'm familiar with.
Once the loud group left, the experience improved.  The food measured up.  But the experience left us with a bad feeling about the Emeril's brand, and I know I won't be going back to an Emeril's restaurant again. Details matter and this night, this restaurant did not measure up. There are better more reliable options.
Rod Kuckro
Alexandria, VAFantastic dinner for our 23rd anniversary. We were seated at a table on the first floor at a window facing St. Charles Avenue, watching the streetcars go by. We started with the Emeril's Barbecued Shrimp appetizer -- which is a favorite at many of Emeril's restaurants, and not to be missed. This was served on a baked grit cake, which was delicious, too. My wife had the pan roasted filet mignon, medium rare -- outstanding. I had the Jumbo Gulf Shrimp Bordelaise -- and yes, they were JUMBO. For dessert, we were served creme brûlée -- cafe au lait flavor -- with Louisiana spring cakes: stunning, and among the best desserts we've ever had. Staff was very attentive; service was faultless. The wine list was extensive, and there are some good values to be found. This place is for real. Highly recommended.I was so ready to be impressed by one of Emeril's restaurants, but not so much.  I mean, yes, it was cool that every time they brought our dishes out, 5 waiters would descend onto our table, but that didn't necessarily mean it was the best service.  We did not receive any menus for at least 10 minutes even though the first waiter who approached us asked us for our order.  Perhaps we were supposed to have memorized the menu from the website?
The place was loud (at least the second floor was) and it was tough to hold a conversation with my three companions.  It was really dark too so it was tough to see anything on the table.  
The biggest disappointment is that all of our meat entrees were NOT cooked correctly which shocked me especially considering what we were paying for them.  My medium rare rib-eye looked good, but was served rare.  My colleague ordered medium and received his filet medium rare.  You get the point.  But the worse faux pas that this restaurant committed was that they brought out an UNDERCOOKED porkchop to my friend.  At least you can eat steak somewhat raw, but not a porkchop.  Re-cooking the pork chop took another 20 minutes so she had to wait while we all gnawed on our undercooked steaks. :(  The one good thing is that they did bring her a complimentary sorbet at the conclusion of the meal to make up for the mistake, but I think that didn't counteract the pork chop blunder IMHO.
The side dishes left a lot to be desired too.  The mushrooms I ordered were a big brown glob.  I ate maybe two spoonfuls.
Overall, my colleagues and I agreed that the restaurant is definitely not worth the hype.  They really need to kick it up SEVERAL notches in order for it to be a 5-star establishment in my book.  In fact, we went to a local brewery on another night and our food was twice as good for half the price tag.Came here for New Year's eve dinner with my family.  Food was excellent!  Service and staff were inviting.  Will come back.Went there Monday night for dinner to review them for my blog.  When we arrived, we went to the bar for a drink before dinner and had some really nice martinis.  When we were seated we asked about a tasting menu and apparently they don't get that request very often, but they quickly got it together and presented us with an lovely 5 course chef-inspired tasting menu with wine pairings done by their sommalier.  Each course was innovative and not just your run-of-the-mill steakhouse.  I especially enjoyed the vegetable sides with each course - most chefs toss sides in as an afterthought, but these were truly well done, especially the Escarole.  It was lemony and bitter and bright, just wonderful.  I have to say that for a place known for its steaks, they were my least favorite part of the dinner - a bit on the tough and bland side.  The desserts were nice as well, and that's my favorite part of a meal!!  I've had many tasting menus that were better executed for much less but I think, all-in-all, it was a nice meal.  Be prepared to pay dearly, it was about $190 per person excluding tips.  Our servers, Kenneth, Patrick and Mario were awesome and very knowledgable.Outstanding service...some of the best I've ever had.  I wanted to order the surf and turf special but the sauce that came with it has dairy in it (which I can't have).  I was going to just order something else, but the waiter asked me to hold while he ran to the back.  He came back and said, we've got it. When the meal arrived, he brought out the most delicious red wine (dairy free) sauce to me.   Very happy with this place and will definitely go back any time I visit New OrleansThought I was booking at the original Emeril's when I booked our reservation for dinner. The restaurant is not in a great area of town. It is very beautifully decorated but very small. When we entered it was happy hour but the waiter would honor the happy hour pricing for drinks or appetizers. This was a little irritating as we were celebrating a bachelorette party (which they knew). The calamari was very fresh with an amazingly sweet, sour and spicy sauce. The dishes were all very tasty. I gave it 2 stars for the really poor service. They brought two orders of oysters instead of one and tried to place them in front of someone who is allergic to seafood. When the waiter was told he turned to the head waiter and stated she was acting like a bitch. Then the head waiter was snooty asking the person whose allergic, and didn't order the oysters,  "you dont want the oysters now??". We didn't order two oysters so...no! The manager tried to make it right but overall the service was not great. Food is tasty but serving sizes were small for the price. Def won't be going back.This is a fantastic restaurant. The staff is outstanding. Service is friendly and very attentive. The food is amazing. We dine out a great deal and have very particular tastes. Every dish was so flavorful and prepared with care. We tried some new things and some old favorites. We were not disappointed with anything. Highly recommend this restaurant if you are ever in New Orleans.I've been twice and can't wait to go back for more. The service is amazing, the food is unbelieveable and the enviroment is very relaxing and enjoyable. I rate Delmonico five stars because their
truly one of the best resturants out there and not just because their owner is a tv celeb."A cook is a cook, but a man is a man."
I have no idea what that means but one of the people that joined us for dinner owns a few restuarants and he said that. He knows what he's talking about and we took his advice on this place when he said he knows the owner and we should all eat there together tonight.
So he made a reservation and when we got here they seated us right away, which is great. Also when we had problems with the table, they literally took the table out of the building and put a new one in that fit our needs and the number of people we had comfortably.  The waiter was always filling our water glasses and was very attentive.  All in all a great staff of workers and managers.  
On to the food:
The food was made exactly how we all wanted it and came in a timely manner.  The sides the food comes with is really small and really should not be considered a side but more of decoration.  The main course on the other hand fills you up and the taste is exquisite.    
The wine selection was a nice surprise and same with the food. All in all very good and very nice.
The atmosphere was amazing and really made a special dinner special.What's not to love?  From the moment we walked in and experienced the decor, walked through the kitchen where the chefs stood at attention and greeted us, and we were seated at our table... we knew we were in for an experience.  Of course, we were not disappointed.  EVERYTHING was an incredible treat for our palates.  Service was also amazing, and the price was steep, but it was well worth it.  BAM!Ah! Everything from the drinks during happy hour to the bananas foster dessert was amazing!!
I went in by myself this particular visit to see if Emeril's is everything it's supposed to be. 
I arrived for happy hour on a Tuesday afternoon. The wait staff welcomed me with open arms, and guided me towards the bar. The bartender there began to fill me in on their drinks available for happy hour which included their homemade cocktails as well as most of their fine wines. 
I recommend anyone try the house made rum punch! It was absolutely delicious. I also recommend the Caymus 2012 Cabernet for those who enjoy a great cab.
After happy hour, I was seated for dinner. I had an incredible wait staff, who took the best care of me. I was seated in the main dining room which had a beautiful dinner setting. 
They started my dinner with their house-made charcuterie. The sausage of the day, the Vietnamese Phö, was the best out of the three selections I chose. I also had the gumbo of the day, which was the Shrimp & Andouille. Reminds me of my grandma's cooking!!
And for the main course, I was told if I wanted steak to have the in-house dry-aged 20 oz bone-in ribeye. I can tell you that it was the best steak I've ever had the opportunity of putting in my mouth. Literally, melts in your mouth. 
Overall, the best restaurant experience I've ever had. And this was not my first fine dining experience in the city of New Orleans. I will definitely recommend to all.12 guys on a search for a great NOLA experience ends up here and yes, it was as good as it gets. A+ service, A+ food, A+ wine, and the only thing missing was Emeril cooking our food himself.
The staff was so professional and on top of it. Water and drinks were always topped off and they were courteous and friendly. Food came out prompt and you can tell they take their profession seriously.
Gumbo, pork cheek, cheeseboard and the sausages, it was all so good that it's making my mouth water just thinking about the appetizers.
You must get the rib-eye. Me and a buddy split one and they were kind enough to split it before serving so we didn't have to deal with an "extra plate". The medium rare was perfectly executed. 
I love this place!!!This was the best food that I have ever paid for. It was not only a great meal, but a great experience. The waiter, Kevin was great and made it hard for any waiter that I will ever see in life from this point forward. Great job. The steak was amazing. The boudin balls with pepper jelly were delightful and I even ate turtle soup. I love this place.A four course meal with reasonably priced wine menu. A great introduction to Cajun meals in beautiful dishes. Waitress was friendly and helpful and the manager was welcoming. Love the southern hospitality.This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. I am surprised at the number of people that have rated this under five stars. I had an amazing blue cheese pasta dish and salad. I can't remember what else was on the menu. I do remember though, seeing a good selection of unique items not normally seen on menus. As everyone says, the decor is beautifully elegant yet never trendy. It's been awhile since I have been here and I can't wait to go back. You will need to trot out some business casual attire or maybe even a jacket, but it will make you feel like it is a special occasion. I apologise for not being able to provide a more detailed review, but I think this restaurant is a little underrated and wanted to give it credit.I went to Emeril's Delmonico with my girlfriend for her birthday, and the experience was fantastic.  From the jazz pianist in the bar to the impeccable service, the restaurant was very impressive.  I was, however, somewhat shocked to be seated next to a group of rather grungy-looking people in jeans and t-shirts.  I can't fault the establishment for the occasional group of louts who don't understand how to dress, though.
I began with the house-made sausage stuffed green bell pepper, which was fantastic, and ordered the New York Strip for my entree.  The steak was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and the side of asparagus was also excellent.  For dessert, we ordered the bananas foster, which the waiter flames tableside.  Quite excellent.
The only thing that keeps me from giving Delmonico a five-star review was the price--our bill came to just under $300 for two people, and I noticed afterward that our waiter had even left several drinks off of the bill.
Over all, Emeril's Delmonico was fantastic.  However, if you're really looking to live it up with fantastic New Orleans food, I might recommend Commander's Palace instead.
PROs: Great food and service, nice atmosphere as well
CONs: Pricey, somewhat cramped in the downstairs dining room, lack of a proper dress code.Service was perfect. The atmosphere was energetic and classy. The food was delicious. I highly recommend the bananas foster! Yum!Summer happy hours are among us, and Delminico's is among the best.  Can't beat that his every day happy hour includes all my favorites- $1 char grilled oysters, $5 small plates and half off specialty cocktails.  Everything is on point.  If I had to say anything, bar staff can take a while to warm (or maybe wake) up once you sit there.  Cold at first and warm soon thereafter.With complimentary valet parking on St. Charles, I should come here all the time!  I came on time in high school with my friend's family and I remember being so impressed that they gave black napkins if you had a dark color on - high class, right?
I need to come here for dinner again, but the last time I came here was for a Yelp Event.  They let us sample:
duck prosciutto - moulard duck breast
chorizo  - smoked paprika and garlic
pancetta wrapped dates
emeril's barbecued shrimp
jalapeño and cream cheese stuffed boudin balls
and probably some other things I forgot.
Everything was yummy, the wait staff was very attentive and Chef Anthony Scanio really cared what you did and didn't like from the sampling.5 stars! 5 stars! Place was great. Very old school feel to the place. 
Came here with a party of 4 and everyone raved about what they had. 
I had a simple 9oz filet with french fries. My steak was PERFECTLY cooked (medium). Everyone was raving that the mashed potatoes were some of the best they've had. 
Service was also on point, none of waters went 1/4 empty and just felt "taken care of". 
Definitely would come back!!I went to this restaurant weeks ago, and this review is so overdue, because I wanted it to be perfect.
The entire experience here was definitely memorable, from the time I walked in the door until the time I left.  I arrived with a friend and I was immediately impressed by the fact that there was a valet.  It was a cold night and we definitely didn't feel like doing the "park and walk", so valet was perfect.  We walked in and sat at the bar as we waited for our table to be ready.  There was a piano player/singer in the bar area and we had a good time sitting and listening to him sing classic Christmas songs.  The music could also be heard throughout our meal.
For an appetizer we decided to have the gumbo, which was a special that night and for my meal I had the pan fried drum which was amazing.  I was tempted to try a steak, since they are dry aged in house.  I guess now I just have an excuse to one day go back and try one.
While I was here I got to try Bananas Foster for the first time and it was amazing.  They make it right in front of you, which turns out to be an amazing show.
Everyone here is so professional and nice and helpful.  At one point, I wanted to go to the restroom to freshen up and the waiter actually let me take his arm and led me there.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and really went out of their way to make sure that we had a memorable experience.
I would definitely go back to Delmonico and I would absolutely bring someone here who is visiting from out of town.  It's definitely the "old, classic" New Orleans that people want to experience whether they are just visiting or they have lived here their entire lives.Wow - did I enjoy this restaurant!  Basically they have captured everything modern day diners like in a great restaurant: wonderful, creative food, multiple choice, beautiful decor, and fabulous service. The menu is divided into small plates, larger plates, and full meals.  I loved this because it allows you to taste many things and share yummy food.  The gumbo was absolutely out of this world as were the orange-glazed ribs (just awesome)
The servers 'tag-team' it and whisk food to your table.  I also really appreciated the way they serve soup in New Orleans - they come with a big ol teapot and pour the gumbo hot hot hot in your bowl.The good - the Filet was perfectly prepared. The brussel sprouts and the collards were amazing.  Literally, the collards had a slight sweetness to them, coupled with vinegar and tender pieces of ham.  We didn't have to ask our servers for anything at all.
Now the bad - we're in our early 30s and while the dress code says no sleeveless tshirts and is casual, the hostess staff will completely judge you, before you have spent any money.
We arrive for our reservation, and the hostess literally looked over the podium to see that my buddy and I had nice shorts on, while our wives were dressed to the nines.  The hostess says, "here we'll take you on a tour through the kitchen."  I'm thinking to myself, that's pretty cool... not.  They walked us to the back of the restaurant where it was three other parties, with kids, and then another couple that came wearing, you guessed it - shorts.  I'm not talking about jorts or even khaki shorts.
So, we sit down and the waiter didn't explain anything on the menu, just asked us what we wanted to drink.  I asked for the sommelier because their wine menu was extensive.  We ordered a $200 bottle of wine, basically making our own selection after the sommelier provided basic narratives.  Here's the best part, he's providing recommendations on three Cabernet Sauvignons, so I asked if a particular bottle was aged in American Oak or French Oak?  Guess what the sommelier couldn't answer?  It's not like I was playing stump the chump.  
I would not recommend Emeril's Delmonico for anyone seeking a fine dining experience, based upon the lack of professionalism by the sommelier and host staff.  The food was about a 3.5 - nothing special.  The service was .5.
My piece of advice to the restaurant, don't worry about what people are wearing - just wore about providing a top notch experience.  We were a party of four that dropped over $600 last night (13May), and we will never return because we were treated like second class citizens.Dry chicken.... dry airline mac and cheese.  Its not the same place it was years ago when the food was worth a visit.I'm not sure if I'm qualified to write a review yet, but I came here not too long ago and was very pleased. The managers and staff were all super friendly. The steak was so amazing, I couldn't believe how good it was. I tried so many different things, I'm sorry I can't tell you what I had. I know there were some mushrooms in there and lasagna... whatever it was A+++ 
I got a little tour of the place and was really impressed. I even got to play the piano for a few minutes and they turned off the music for me. I felt like I got my 5 minutes of fame. Haha.
Great experience. I know where I'm taking my mother for Mother's Day.Not that I was looking for something to criticize, but honestly, there was nothing to criticize. The ambiance, the service and the food were perfect. 
Much more subdued than Emeril Lagasse's flagship restaurant down the street and around the corner, Emeril's (which can be loud and gaudy). 
This was my first trip to Delmonico's and I enjoyed every minute of it. It all started with complimentary valet service and upon entering the restaurant, my dining companion and I were escorted to the bar. I was quite impressed with how they had used the smallish space; it felt warm and cozy and modern for being in such an old house! 
We got there at opening so it was not crowded which meant there were plenty of people available to wait on us. After a drink at the bar, we were seated and took our time with the menu. It all looked so good! Seriously, I literally could not find something that I did NOT want to try. My friend and I were after meat this night so we chose the charcuterie plate. Yup, the big one and let me tell you...this thing was awesome! I'm not gonna even try to recall and list the variety of items. Imagine a cutting board being brought to your table full of thin slices of house cured meats, generous portion of terrine, a spreadable bologna (their terminology) on toast points that was melt in your mouth fantastic, an assortment of tasty sausages, several vegetables, and two things that were otherworldly good: pancetta wrapped dates and sausage stuffed fried olives. Simply divine, each in their own way. I'd like to send a shout out to Susan W. whose glowing recommendation of the dates I read the day before my dinner meant I would have to try them as well. Don't know if it was the best thing I've ever had, but it would definitely be on my short list of best things I've eaten this year. And the sausage stuffed, deep fried green olives? Don't get me started...if you like olives (and I do) and if you like sausage (again, I do) and you like fried foods (I do I do I do!), then try them. 
There was so much food on that cutting board of meat heaven, that I was nearly full. But once my steak and side showed up, I found room! 
I ordered the 12 oz NY strip which was expertly cooked to my high maintenance request: between medium and medium-well and accompanied by three house made sauces: soy, chimichurri and Bearnaise. Nothing like tasty aged beef swimming in bernaise...perfect. I ordered the collard greens with pancetta for my side and it was the best tasting greens I have ever had. 
The service was impeccable and the meal was fabulous. Even upon exiting the building the car waiting for us - we didn't need to ask or give the claim ticket, just got up said our goodbyes to wait staff and hostess and walked through the restaurant door to the car door. Outstanding!Was taken here by a vendor to one of the private rooms for dinner. Menu choices were slim, but not a problem when having the course menu and being fed great food and drinks. impeccable service! I'm not kidding, if you took a sip of water, someone was there in seconds flat for a refill. Had the pork cheek to start, the shrimp entouffe, and finished with creme Brule. Wine selection was excellent being right next to the cellar and had plenty of local beers on tap.Great service very flavorful food. Gumbo, lyonnaise potatoes, calamari, gulf fish all great. The Brussel sprouts were they only slight disappointment wish there was a sauce to drizzle on top.This was our second experience at an Emeril restaurant - the first was Emeril's many many years ago when Emeril was just making a name for himself. Oddly enough years apart we left with the same impression - the food was some of the best we had in New Orleans and the wait staff was sadly lacking. Given that, I think there are other options in New Orleans where you can get both - outstanding food and a wait staff that is attentive and knowledgable about the food they are serving you. We had a 7:15 reservation and were in the upstairs dining room. Our servers seemed very uninformed about the fabulous food they were serving and around 9:00 were setting up tables for the next day!The only restaurant of Emeril's that I like.We had a family dinner here Sunday evening, before a concert. The food was excellent and the Service was outstanding. I had the Crisp Duck, my wife had the Filet with crab, the Gumbo was very tasty, and I enjoyed the corn bread and the baked cookies.The five course special was amazing. Barbecue Shrimp, Gumbo, Salad, Steak....all amazing.  And, the service was awesome.  A very romantic place.Oh boy what can I say about this restaurant.  Prepare to spend time at this restaurant.  Your waiters are there to answer any questions and will take all the time to help you make your decision.  You must get the banana's foster as they make it table side!  The cocktail menu changes by season and expect to be wowed.  Also make sure you get an after dinner drink, they make a few in-house and they are very tasty.We were quite impressed by the service and the food were great!  We were in NOLA for a weekend getaway, and among all the great restaurant in NOLA, I would recommend Delmonico to be up there, both for the price & the quality of food.First the Waite staff and food a excellent.  This is the best prime rib I have ever had, and the Worchishire sauce is a must for the prime rib.  The complimentary corn bread is just like grandma used to make.  It is pricey but you would expect to pay that much for such a experience and foodAnniversary dinner with my husband was awesome.  Our service team was attentive and made strong recommendations.  Patrick and Rene added to our overall positive experience. Grilled pineapple margarita was unforgettable.  Seriously don't think I can find one like this in Chicago.   
My husband had the Drum and finished all on his plate.  I had lamb shank WOW but way too much food.   Highly recommend for special occasion but ladies take a wrap , it's chilly.A very cute corner restaurant and intimate seating.
Great food and service all around . Loved the pork cheeks and gnocchi yummy appetizers. 
The main course of hanger steak and drum for the main course excellent. 
Make sure you have a reservation.The food is flawless as is the service. We had the best waiter. He gave us a little tour with some background history of the space. Loved it! I have always had amazing meals here.I really REALLY like this place. Not only for the food, but the service. My friend and i dined here last week. Both got the New York strip. 10 ounces of meat? YES PLEASE.
Cooked to my perfection, it was succulent and perfect. Our sides were steak fries and broccoli. Highly discourage the broccoli; it is not what you think.
We also had drinks, which were delicious. The brad was nice and warm, and we had the severs.
We finished with bananas foster. O M G!!! Ohhh the taste was sublime. Can't wait to return, but for a special occasion. 
Our dinner was $217.00. YIKES! Good thing it was on my boss's dime. Beautiful interior, easy parking, with valet.
Check it out!!!My boyfriend and I wanted to try one of Emeril's restaurants while we were visiting New Orleans. I chose Delmonico because the menu looked great and it seemed the fanciest. It is indeed super fancy. There are downstairs and upstairs dining areas.
Our server, Chris, was very attentive and my boyfriend said it was the best server he's ever had in his life.
My favorite thing was the foie gras and steak. My boyfriend foodgasmed over the Boudin Balls. The pork was also very nice and well cooked. Flavors were all good. Dessert was meh.Let me start by saying that I don't typically leave reviews unless a place really stands out in my mind.  Emeril's Delmonico exceeded any dining experience I've ever had.  We had dinner reservations at 8 PM on a Tuesday.   We were told to hang out at the bar for a couple minutes - which is beautiful in and of itself - and then were seated right next to the kitchen, so we caught a few glimpses of the behind-the-scenes action.  Brett was our main server.  He recommended the crab appetizer,  which honestly I cannot compare to anything I've ever had.  It was such a unique, perfectly paired blend of flavors.  So savory, yet not too heavy.  We also split the filet mignon.  My friend and I wanted our steaks at different temperatures and so Brett was courteous enough to request that the two halves be cooked separately.  That blew my mind.  Finally, when we said that we wouldn't be able to fit the entire bananas foster (which serves 2), Brett placed the order for a half portion.  So thoughtful !  Around dessert time Francisco came to check on us.  He was so gracious and such a fantastic host to us- he even showed us around the kitchen and the beautifully architected rooms in the upstairs dining rooms.  He even walked us out to make sure that we got back okay.   All in all - service was EXCEPTIONAL and elevated the already prefect dining experience.  We came back two nights in a row, and will be regulars with each future visit to NOLA.  Emeril really knows how to pick 'em ;)  Thank you and see you soon !Had a marvelous meal here and great, attentive knowledgeable service. 
got the filet encrusted in oysters, the blue salad and shared the coconut cream pie dessert. The steak was juicy, cooked to perfection, and extremely flavorful. The presentation on the iceberg blue cheese salad was very appealing as was the taste.
We also split the pumpkin gnocchi which was soft, silky, and exploding with flavor. My hubby also enjoyed the drum as it was boldly flavored. 
Enjoyed the natural, subdued romantic ambiance. I also had a daquiri which was well mixed and tasty. 
Great dinner out on your trip to NOLA.It can be a little cliché to dine at an Emeril Lagasse restaurant while in the great city of New Orleans,  but I hold Delmonico to a slightly different standard. This place stands alone without Emeril's name preceeding it (not that there is anything wrong with Emeril or his restaurants) and is a constant reminder that fine dining in New Orleans is NOT pretentious. 
Go here before your formal gala in a tuxedo or evening gown, or swing by on your way back from Jazzfest. All are welcome in this first - class interpretation of a contemporary steakhouse. Everything on the menu is good or it would not be there to begin with.  Listen to your servers,  as they are excellent guides and truly want you to have a fantastic experience. 
And while I have never taken my 9 - year old daughter to Dickey Brennan's (my favorite steak house in town), I have been taking her to Delmonico since she was 7.  She loves this place and the staff is extremely gracious to her. 
It's spendy for sure...but in my opinion, worth every penny!I'm in love. Yes. I love Emeril, and I love Delmonico. It was so phenomenal there. 
While the food was absolutely amazing (I recommend the steak and wedge salad to be specific!), service is what really made this visit memorable. Servers/staff were incredible (not to mention very handsome too!) and the in house sommelier came by to suggest pairings with our meal as well!I'll start with the service, it was absolutely incredible! Everyone was friendly and I even had a beautiful man escort me to and from the bathroom! I could have done without my water glass being filled every 15 seconds but I understand they want to be attentive. Now the food was amazing but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because we waited for 35 minutes for our main course after our starter had been cleared. Other than that, great experience!The most amazing food I've ever had! The steak was out of this world. The mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts were above and beyond. The service by every sole in the restaurant was superior  and Fransisco Dusan (Captain) was fabulous, helped with decision making as there is quite the menu. His utility belt full of helpful stuff, crumb wiper, flash light...etc. this is a bucket list over the top resturant!Everything here was superb! I came here with my family for my 24th birthday while we were on vacation. The carpaccio was to die for! The steak - everything we had was delicious!
I think what really was the most impressive though was the wait staff. I wish I could give them 6 stars! Whenever a new course came out it seemed like an army was waiting on us! Everything was timed beautifully, and we always felt like our head waiter was right there filling our wine and available for questions - and actually had some good jokes!  
Fantastic dinner!I was pleasantly surprised. Normally, I'm skeptical of celebrity chef outposts. But our dinner at Emeril's was delicious and the service incredibly friendly and solicitous. Just a delightful restaurant. 
Having said that, I wouldn't stray too far from the drum meuniere. It is a stunning, stunning, dish - meaty, and piquant and buttery. I could eat it every day. If you do want a steak, order the ribeye. It is much superior to the NY strip that I also tried - just not even close. 
Of course, the restaurant does a lot of the tableside-type New Orleans cooking. Even though I'm not sure it does a heck of a lot for the flavor, I really enjoy the theatre. So make sure to at least get some delicious bananas foster to finish up.Great happy hour! Everyday 5-7. I enjoyed the chargrilled oysters (99 cents each during happy hour), small plates of deviled eggs (comes with 3) and pancetta wrapped dates - Delicious!!! Also had an awesome blueberry bourbon cocktail (only $6 during happy hour!) For desert I had the peach cobbler bread pudding with bourbon ice cream - it was absolutely incredible! I sat at the bar and the service was fantastic. The pianist is right by the bar and he was very talented. All around great environment!Although I came just for dessert and didn't have the full dining experience, it was absolutely wonderful. We were a party of three out-of-towners celebrating a 12-year-old's birthday on a busy Friday night. We had a reservation and were asked to wait in the bar until a table became available. I'm so glad we did, because the fabulous female bartender (sadly I didn't get her name!) started the party off right by mixing up a special birthday mocktail for the guest of honor, which was delicious and fancy, and she let us know that her "drinks" would be on the house all evening. That was so generous and unexpected. Next, the wonderful pianist gave shout-outs to the birthday girl. Then a table of strangers next to ours insisted on singing "happy birthday." Then our excellent waiter, Malcolm, worked his magic and created an amazing Bananas Foster at our table. It was one friendly face, generous gesture, and touch of finesse after the next, and our visit to Emeril's Delmonico couldn't have been more perfect.Good food.  Too much service.  Our conversation was constantly interrupted by, "How's your food?" "Can I get you anything?" Every sip of water was followed by an attentive server dutifully refilling the glass.  A stern Captain of the dining area stood nearby, surveying the room.  Aside from that, the food was flavorful and well prepared.  Rib eye steak cooked to perfection.  We had appetizers, turtle soup, entrees--and every dish was a winner (but no "wow").Their aged rib eye was literally to die for. My husband got a $20 glass of bordeaux to go with it, and it was well worth the price. This is an experience I will not forget anytime soon. Exceptional service from the staff as well.I can honestly say that I've had the best steak of my life at Emeril's, and I've had a lot of steaks. I've been here three times now the best steak was a special, a so many day dry aged Porterhouse steak with foie gras on top - you can stop drooling now. On my most recent trip this establishment, I had the bone in rib eye (DELICIOUS) with mashed potatoes, the special strawberry salad, and the milk and cookies for dessert. All were delicious - definitely get the mashed potatoes. The bone in rib eye is superb and I like it medium rare and they cooked it perfectly. 
Delmonico is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans and keeps me coming back year after year. Their service is superb and attentive without being too stuffy. The waiters are all super nice and treat you like a real person, even if you aren't an old rich person. 
I've already made a reservation to go back and I think this is a must for tourists and locals alike who are ready to spend some cash on a great steak dinner that still has some New Orleans roots.
My one concern is where you are eating - I have eating upstairs twice, one with one other person and once with a group of 20+ and we had our own dining room, and another time in a back room that felt garden-y - not a fan of the garden room. It didn't have the steakhouse vibe that you'd like when well, eating steak. Try to request the upstairs dining room or the downstairs room by the bar/front of house.I visited Emeril's Delmonico for a business dinner with approximately 100+ people that took over the whole establishment. We had a prefixed menu that featured their most popular entrees. The first thing brought to us was cornbread, which apparently was akin to receiving a breadbasket in a traditional American style restaurant. But, for as soft and possibly a tinge of sweet it was, cornbread alone is not very desirable. Then we were given a choice of barbecue shrimp & grits or gumbo as an appetizer. I chose the shrimp & grits. Hand to God, that was the best shrimp & grits that I have ever had! Warning that it is a bit spicy. The grits were very fluffy and tasty. My teammates enjoyed their gumbo. Then we were served the main entree of either drum fish or baked chicken. I was not familiar with drum, so I ordered the chicken. I heard the drum was good. Unfortunately, I found the chicken to be very basic. The cubed potatoes and spinach did not meld well with the chicken or light bernaise sauce that it was served on. I would say it would be a safe choice for those not wishing to try anything too exotic. Lastly, we were served a chocolate bread pudding with raspberries and creme cheese. That was pretty tasty. It was just the right level of sweet-stickiness and the raspberries provided a nice balance. I would recommend it for a large group because they did do a great job of staging all the courses. They also offer a good variety of traditional New Orleans cooking with standard American fare.I have to admit I came here by default because I wanted to go to the other location because I was in New Orleans.  The problem? Well for a party of 10 people, I couldn't get a good time at the other location to fit all of my friends in so we settled for here.  I personally HATE how restaurants won't seat you until the entire party is there so some late friends literally coming from the airport kept us at the bar which unfortunately is a small area.  We got to chat and catch up so that was nice but I still waited for a good 45 minutes.  We proceeded upstairs and got to sit in the corner which was fine really.  Our team of waiters were superb.  NEVER did my glass of water reach below 2/3 because the waiter was prompt with refilling it.  Unfortunately since I sat on the inside of table near the wall, I honestly didn't get the name of the waiters and one of my friends kind of dominated the conversation because well, that's just her.  But our head waiter was a gentleman in his 40s or so, very knowledgeable about wines and gave us some great selections.  And again our bread and water supplier was a nice gentleman with a shaved head.  Initially very serious and polite, but we managed to break down both of their walls and they joked with us as the night progressed.
For the meal I ordered the Filet Mignon and the Sauteed Spinach.  I've loved spinach since my childhood brainwashing by Popeye the sailor man that it's good for me.  But I still love it to this day, good flavor with a slight hint of garlic, I really liked it.  My filet was served Medium rare, nice and juicy.  You really can't go wrong here.  We had red wine with our dinner, one of which was a 2009 Arizona Stronghold that was good.  My friends are from the area and they were surprised how good it was.
We ended dessert with Bananas Foster and the waiter made it at our table, fire and all.  It was great.  All in all we had a great time.  The meal was delicious and tasty from beginning to end.  We had great wine to compliment our dinner and the wait staff was great.  But I do have to say that the service was initially slow, but once things started going, the night improved and I did enjoy the overall meal.  We actually got along great and apparently they invited us to go to a nearby bar after to just hang out, but unfortunately we had a prior engagement to go to.  I think once we were able to break the pretentious facade that some restaurants may have, it became SO much more fun! Again, the names of the waiters slip my mind, but they were great! I hope you enjoy!Yo Yo Yo:  Grade A with family and Sullivan's and wow what can I say. Awesome! Fish entrees were so good. Conversation was better _ drinks yessssss. If you come to NOLA come here and party!  Orders the dessert cookies and milk! Kids freaked out! Blessed.Of course part of the thrill for us tourists was to be able to say "We ate at Emeril's"!
Seriously, this restaurant was fabulous!  The food was devine, the wait staff fun while being professional, the atmosphere with intimate and relaxed,   
Highly recommend this jewel!Me and my friends agreed that we arguably had the greatest meal of our lives.Wanted to eat dinner somewhere besides the French Quarter.. Lucky for us,  Emirill's Delmonico was a short walk away from our hotel.. The service was TOP NOTCH.. Made reservations and we were seated right away. Didn't have any entrees.  We decided  to order a variety  of appetizers and saying they were delicious is an understatement... From the BBQ Shrimp to the Gumbo,  every bite had our taste buds jumping for joy. Wow!  And I mean Wow!! Everything was so good.. Our server tried to talk US into dessert but I  didn't want the taste of the food to go away from my mouth.. Complete satisfaction on every level..We went here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner before we left town. We were asked what we would like before even receiving menus, specials were talked through very quickly as if in a rush, constant water filling of the cups even after a single sip to the point it interrupted our dinner multiple times and blocked our views. My boyfriend went with the summer tasting menu with cocktail pairing and I went with the crispy duck confit with a sweet potato and pecan waffle. My boyfriend's first course came out but his cocktail didn't arrive till he was nearly done with the first course. Redeeming factors is that the food in this course and cornbread was delicious. The second course and my food arrived. My duck was not crispy at all and most of the skin was like rubber. The waffle was very thick, not crispy, and seemed undone. The collard greens with the dish were good but the sauce was extremely salty and over powerful for the greens that it made impossible to finish. My boyfriend's dish was the bourbon glazed pork shank which he did enjoy but was told by a waiter that he should of went with a different dish as he was halfway through which is something you shouldn't do to you guests especially when they are spending a lot of money to eat there. He also didn't get his cocktail till well after receiving his food. My boyfriend's dessert arrived in which he enjoyed thoroughly but we had to remind them about his cocktail for that course. The drink in this case was at least given to him for free since the waiter forgot to add it to the bill. Would this be a place I would return to when I visit New Orleans again.. probably not.We had the absolute best experience here. The food, the ambiance, and most of all, our waiters and staff were incredible. My mom and I came here for her birthday. We had the beet salad and crab crostini and the aged rib eye, which were amazing. For our sides we had the Mac and cheese, Brussels sprouts, French fries and yams. Obviously our eyes were a bit larger than our stomachs, but it was worth it. They all complemented each other so well. I would have to say, the best part of our meal was the men who helped us. They were kind, professional, and absolutely hilarious. Malcolm, Francisco, Brandon and Steven made our night at Delmonico. I can truly say that while the food was amazing, we would come back primarily because of the serving staff. Great place and we highly recommend eating there!Wow.  
So now I have to go here every time i'm within reach of New Orleans, and that's just the duck leg confit talking.  Crispy perfectly cooked duck served over a fluffy waffle with sweet and savory cane jus.  On the side of that is kale, which i do not particularly like, but Emeril fixed that with smoky tasso sausage and that cane jus.  I couldn't have picked a better item for dinner, but i am sure going to try.
OK...  We also got the boudin balls which are a must, absolutely fantastic and a trio of house made charcuterie.  The boudin balls are deep fried boudin stuffed with something similar to the cheese in stuffed chilies.  They should sell those in supermarkets.  I have been to two Emeril restaurants in NOLA and the cured meats and sausage are front and center all over the menus for good reason.  It's all delicious.
Go here.  and thanks Martha.The quality of the food is good and the menu is very well thought out and planned. 
The service is very attentive and makes great recommendations. 
Huge Wine selection, that's decently priced and has something for any budget. 
If you're not dressed well or if you book online, you'll be sitting upstairs(which isn't bad as you get a view of the wine room).
It's going to take a chunk out of your wallet, but you'll be full and satiated.Definitely a more expensive choice, but I have to say it was worth it and I don't often say that about steakhouses. We had some great steaks here!
I'm not one to get caught up in names of personality/tv chefs, but our steaks were cooked perfectly and we had great service. I can't ask for too much more. 
While I give them 4 stars for what I experienced that day, I can't honestly say I'd go back. There are too many other great places in the area that cost 1/2 or even 1/4 what we spent here that we loved. 
But if you are looking to impress someone - maybe this is just the place for you.I was in New Orleans for my bachelor party on August 25th, and being the responsible party of 7 that we were, found ourselves looking for a great dinner without a reservation. We came across Emeril's Delmonico, who was able to seat us early at the very last minute--I can say definitively this was one of the greatest turns of luck we had for the entire trip. I can only attribute their 4 (vs. 5) star review to the singular level of culinary competition in the Big Easy--even still, I would endeavor to convince anyone that Emeril's Delmonico is peerless in the city.
From the moment we came in (actually, from the moment we were invited in) the standards of service were exemplary. Beyond the objective "rules" (e.g. picture perfect place settings, constant attention to each guest, perfectly timed dishes, etc.) our servers struck the ideal balance of hospitality; proficient and never pretentious, formal but not unfamiliar. This level of decorum probably outshined that of our own group (I did mention it was 7 guys on a bachelor party?), but their ability to manage every table of varied clientele with the same professionalism was an added testament to their flexibility and poise. The guests had easily doubled in the time we were there, and the front of house staff (led by Lloyd Braggs) didn't miss a beat.
As far as the food, it exceeded all expectations of the group and was in every way worthy of the fine service model I described. We ordered a full complement of cuisine to suit everyone: baked oysters, boudin balls, shrimp cocktails, turtle soup, whole redfish, ribeye, and more. Each seemed better than the last.
As someone typically wary of 'namesake' celebrity chef restaurants, I wouldn't hesitate to say definitively if you are in NOLA, you must treat yourself to an evening at Emeril's Delmonico.The service here is amazing.   Staff is so helpful and attentive.   Right on a parade route for Madi gras which can be good and bad.   Food was just OK I had the crispy duck confit and it was just OK.   Still the service was incredible come if just for thatAmazing food! Lives up to the hype! The table side prep of bananas foster was a fun way to end a great meal!With so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, there is no need to bother with Delmonico. One would expect a high level of service from an Emeril's restaurant, but I continue to be disappointed. The latest in disappointment was tonight. Delmonico has a solid happy hour special. Unfortunately, the lack of clarity on the website led us to making reservations for a special that was only for the bar area. When we arrived, we asked about the happy hour specials only to be rejected by the manager even thought the restaurant was virtually empty. We decided to move to the bar area for convenience sake . However, I am bothered that the manager essentially cost his wait staff a large tip because of his shortsightedness. Neither did the manager think about that he would lose possible future business from our group. 
With so many great restaurants in this city with exceptional service, why spend your money at Delmonico?Not sure if the food or service was better. The boudin balls appetizer was the best thing we ate and was recommended by the waiter. Super friendly and funny staff made the whole experience worth it. And the bananas foster...Always love Delmonico's for perfectly cooked steak, stunning appetizers and desserts, and of course their wine list is to die for if you're a wine lover. The service is wonderful and they always try to accommodate seating requestsHands down one of my favorite dining experiences in the city! I only get to eat here about two or three times a year, but when I do I request a table in Francisco Dusan's section. He makes the meal even more memorable. He is very knowledgable about pairing drinks with the meals and incredibly charming. We never wait for drinks. I've had both steaks and seafood and have never been disappointed. The ribeye is to die for, the scallops are always perfectly cooked, and the vegetables are delicious. Francisco even has the bartender prepare "retired" drinks for us that he knows we enjoy. When I win the lottery, I will eat here every week! This is the perfect dinner for any occasion. Can't wait to go back!Delicious and classy.  Warm and friendly service from Kevin who really went beyond our expectations.
Everything we had was perfect, we started with the charcuterie and gnocchi.  
The steak I had was so simple and yet so delicious.  One of the best I have ever had!
Our group of 8 left satisfied and happy with our food and service.  Everything was top notch.  It's so hard to find a place these days with such wonderful and attentive service.This is the best place  I've been to for a gourmet, lighter version of traditional New Orleans favorites.  Crawfish beignets, étouffée are light and fresh using herbs and light sauces rather than smothered.  Cocktails are equally good!  The atmosphere has energy, but quiet enough  to easily converse with your table mates. Convivial, but not rowdy.  Close enough to be convenient to tourist hotels, convention center, and downtown.  Service is attentive without being overbearing.  Valet parking helps for an area where parking is tight.  Along streetcar line.I came here recently for dinner while on a business trip. I was a bit wary about eating at such an over-publicized place (any place that is a must-try in a huge tourist destination is an automatic yellow flag in my books), but had a very pleasant experience.
1) The service and ambiance were excellent! In a town as "colorful" as New Orleans, I wasn't sure what to expect of a higher end restaurant. The restaurant is located far from the main hubbub of Bourbon Street and the Financial District, and the interior reminded me a bit of an old Victorian home that's been remodeled in a more modern-classical fashion. Our waiter was friendly hilarious, made excellent recommendations, and most importantly, kept the jalapeno cheddar cornbread replenished at the table.
2) I had the dry aged duck breast (mainly because the brussels sprouts and poblano-cheddar grits that it came with sounded awesome) and was very pleased with it. The duck breast was cooked well, and the accompaniments were decadent and tasteful, while still capturing the rich Creole comfort food flavors.
3) My friend had the crispy pork cheek w/ dirty rice which was SO rich and had amazing flavor. Definitely recommend this dish! 
4) Maybe I'm just too accustomed to New York prices, but our final bill for 7 people (including drinks and dessert) came out to about $50 per person. Am I crazy, or is that awesome?? Definitely not mad about that!
My only complaint about this place was that everything was VERY very salty. There's a difference between intense flavoring and just plain salty, but Emeril's Delmonico definitely hit both. All in all we had a fantastic meal and I would definitely recommend this place for anyone visiting.The experience began as soon as we arrived. The valet parking is a huge plus, considering the location on St. Charles is not great for easy parking. Upon entering we were greeted at the host stand, checked in and headed to the bar area for a drink before dinnerWent to Delmonicos to celebrate our last night in NOLO and made reservations...of course. 4 woman who have been friends a long time to enjoy the "essence" and "flavors" of the best of NOLO. We were early for our 7pm reservation directed to the bar and was seated at a table adjacent to the bar with piano and loud "bar" patrons.
Service instant but then felt rushed to order and then we could not  hear each other asked for another table.  Resturant was not full...We were then told we could not be changed. ..We then paid for the drinks and left...with They were sorry....for a place that has a reputation of fine dining it was extremely disappointing. As patrons we were treated less than.....when making reservations make sure to book a table in dining room only!Everything was amazing. The decor and space is incredible. You feel like you're eating in the most glamorous living room. The service while formal is not stuffy and the food was wonderful.Holy crap this place is great! 
My fiancé and I booked ourselves a date her last Friday for Valentines Day (our first being engaged) and the place didn't disappoint. 
First off, we were running late because we had to walk a mile and a half cause cab wait time was over 3 hours due to Mardi Gras. :(, I called the front and they said no worries. I was expecting a long wait one we arrived but were seated within minutes! 
I ordered a Sazerac which could have been the best made drink I have ever tasted. Perfectly crafted 
For starters, we had the gnocchi, then a 20oz dry aged ribeye, 6oz fillet, asparagus and a bottle of wine. All were perfectly cooked and the best steaks I have ever tasted. The $30 bottle of wine was the cheapest and it was better than any other bottle I have tasted in my short wine drinking career. Lol 
Lastly we had the blackberry cobbler and talked the night away. 
If you want a great dining experiences and A+++ service, come here. It is well worth the price tag.  Everything was top notch! 
Thank you Emerils!Decent place. I had the Drum. Which was absolutely delicious. The staff were all very nice and friendly. Our sever was not very professional however. His shirt was wrinkled and very casual in conversations amongst our party members. Which wasn't terrible just surprising. Reservations are a must but the host stand was on point. Overall I would go back again but I wouldn't say it's a must do while in New Orleans.Went here on a corporate event. Had amazing serving. Kevin and Zoey were extremely courteous and we'll aquatinted with the menu. Absolutely delicious. Would definitely recommend large party events here. Kevin gave exceptional service.. awesome awesome 10