So Emeril just got the boot from the Food Network...I guess all the Bam Bam'ing wasn't enough to keep up with the fickle TV crowd.   Oh well, back to his day job as a kick-ass chef.    
I had the Bay Cod with Artichokes...and OMG it was delicious.  The skin was salty and crispy.  The meat flaky and perfectly cooked, served over a bed of artichoke hearts and mushrooms.  
I had the best Banana Cream Pie here... Big Chunks of bananas and a solid cream pie.  
oh so good!!!Fantastic meal from start to finish. The service was impeccable, yet warm and friendly. We both ordered the tasting menu, but the kitchen had no qualms about substituting in another dish into each of our tastings.  There were many highlights, but our top favorites included the the clam and Tasso angel hair appetizer with pimenta moida, corn and crab bisque with dumplings, incredibly moist pineapple swordfish, and the peanut butter pie. We also tried the banana cream pie, but the peanut butter pie was by far the winner. It was plated with a red wine reduction that was a fun riff on PB&J and with which the acidity very nicely cut through the richness of the pie. An amazing pastry chef!This restaurant is completely over rated. The food was good, I had the salmon gumbo as my entree. The service was awful!! I felt rushed from the moment I sat down to the moment I left. Our server made a remark "glasses of wine are on page 67". She did not offer our party an option of the choice of bottle or glass or better yet offer us a suggestion on which wine she'd recommend ! It's very unfortunate because it was a very impressive wine list which was just abruptly placed on the table as she walked by! Without the acknowledgment of the many great bottles they offered. Our server was extremely rushy, I believe the restaurant was under staffed. At least that's what I'm contributing the bad service to. I notified the manger I was unhappy with the service. He politely listened and apologized! I was really looking forward to having dinner at Emeralds and unfortunately left extremely unhappy. Service makes all the difference!! I wouldn't recommend going here.It's been almost a whole month since I ate at Emeril's and the reason this review has taken to long to piece together is because I'm expected to fit 25 years of history and a delicious food experience into one single review. I'll try my best.
A friend of mine had a business meeting at Emeril's and being the awesome friend he is, he asked me if I wanted to tag along. Not only am I being considered for new business ventures, but I get a fantastic meal out of the deal? Ok, I'm in.
Walking in, I immediately loved the feel of Emeril's. It was upscale, yet intimate and cozy. It wasn't too bright and the large dining room had a nice feel about it. I sat down with my dining companions and was served 3 types of bread as soon as I was seated. I can't remember the exact description of each type of bread, but I do remember that the corn bread was amazing.
The menu made ordering difficult. Everything sounded amazing. I decided to start with the soup of the day which was crawfish flourintine. This was a tomato based soup filled with delicious crawfish. It was flavored to perfection and a delectable start to an incredible meal.
For my entree, I decided to try the Andouille crusted drumfish, which the waiter informed me is one of the dishes that Emeril's is known for. I was excited that I got to try this "famous" dish for myself. When the fish came, I was blown away. It was fried to perfection and sat atop some fried shoestring potatoes.  The fish itself was topped with glazed pecans and a nice sauce. The entire dish was delicious and had tons of flavor. I can see why this is one of the dishes that Emeril's is famous for.
The entire meal was exquisite from start to finish. The staff was attentive and perfect and went out of their way to make sure that we had everything that we needed. Emeril's is one of the finest restaurants in New Orleans, and a "must" for locals and visitors alike.Love this place. Every time I'm in town I long for their pork chop and i don't even like pork chop. It's crazy good and I appreciate the free valet.Amazing! Had made a reservation for me and my husband. We were seated promptly at 8. My husband is a vegetarian and they were very accommodating of the dietary restriction. The waiter recommended a vegetable pasta dish that was not on the menu. (I had read in one of the yelp reviews about this). I had a fish entree which was server on top of shoestring fries. we were really full but from yelp reviews I had heard raving reviews of the banana cream pie so we had to try it! and we were not disappointed. Usually i don't like banana based desserts but this was amazing!Very good food.  I imagine that they get a lot of mileage out of the smoked andouille sausage; It was in everything we ordered.  But... We did order the sausage appetizer which was fantastic but could use some more crostini.  
The salmon was good, could use glaze on the fish not just the skin.  Shrimp and grits was very good, I recommend that.
Lots of strong flavor all around.Unbelievable and amazing. Cheese plate.. Lamb neck nachos.... (Off the charts) and the Drum Fish... Best I have ever had. If you have the chance...  You must try it. Cannot forget our waiter, Allen. He was amazing so attentive. Service could not have been better.Despite Emeril's penchant for being a world-class chef, the food (and ONLY the food) was not up to par for the price or the expected experience.  I say this as a tourist who went there with high hopes...and those were not disappointed on the service, atmosphere or wine front.  And it's not like my meal wasn't good...it was.  It just wasn't that special.  Having then spent a few more nights eating in less hyped places, I now fimly believe that Emeril's isnt the place to go for the best meal you'll ever eat.  If you want fun atmosphere, great service, and you like to watch him on television and thus want to feel like you got a piece of that action, then by all means have dinner here.Had previously posted as 5 Star rating for Easter brunch last year. Downgrading to 4 Star for most recent dinner visit. Ordered calamari app that was only mildly warm ... guest got chicken and andouille sausage gumbo - same lukewarm result. Other guests got the snapper entree and the pork chop  entree. They were satisfied but not over the moon.
Service was adequate but learned that most(all) of their signature cocktails were pre-mixed ...yuk. Much better and cheaper experience at Meril which is a couple of blocks away.This made it into the list of places to visit for a weekend trip to New Orleans with the guys after having seen the mention of the banana cream pie on every freakin blog about Nola must eats. We decided to make a quick dessert stop and to finally lay our curiosities to rest. The setting here is extremely formal, which took us by surprise since we were so completely underdressed and stuck out like sore thumbs. We were showed to our table after a very short wait, while the bartender engaged us in a conversation about the drinks they offer. The juxtaposition of an upscale place like this in a city as informal and wild as New Orleans was actually kinda cool. We got started with our orders of drinks, all of which were pretty great. I thought it would seem incredibly ungentlemanly of us if we ordered a round of drinks and went straight to dessert, especially after my friends and I stuffed our faces with two rounds of their complimentary cornbread muffins and garlic focaccia. I decided to order the BBQ shrimp appetizer for the table to get started.. Lord have mercy!! This is by far the best shrimp dish I have ever eaten.. like EVER! I have never liked the classic BBQ sauce because of how cloyingly sweet it can get very quickly, but this was so far from it that it blew my mind. The shrimp was mind numbingly succulent and the sauce was ridonculous! We scraped and licked away every single delicious bit of shrimp and sauce from the plate. We placed an order for the banana cream pie and the malted chocolate cake. Both of these desserts knocked it out of the park. One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans, by a mile!Great food, excellent service, a perfect dining experience!  Gumbo & banana cream pie stood out and should be a must have.  Highly recommend and will be back next NOLA trip.Wonderful food and service!  We were offered a table right in front of the kitchen and didn't know what to expect.  What a treat!!!  Not only did we have an amazing meal but the chefs spoke to us during our dinner and offered us samples.  Even the guests next to us were very friendly.
If we're ever back in the New Orleans...  we'd definitely go back to Emeril's.  We really had a great time.Went in without a reservation on a Friday night. I tried to find a seat at the bar but no joy.  Hostess came to me and asked for if I would like a seat at the kitchen bar.  Hell yes.  View was great watching the kitchen in action. Waitress and sommelier were great, always around but not overbearing. Good suggestions for food, but I played it safe and had the hangar steak. Wine was good (not a wine list for the faint of heart), steak was excellent.  Highly recommend. Loved the staff and the vibe. Would totally go back. Great job folks.Eh. Old hat at this point. More and more, Emeril's restaurants are phoning it in.Our 1st time here to thoroughly ENJOY Emerils!!  Everything was superb from start to finish!!  Excellent service & LOVED the bread choices, BBQ shrimp, Emerils Salad, Salmon piping hot & cooked to perfection!!  Ended with the yummy banana pie!!  Our favorite restaurant from 6 days hereWe were a little nervous going here on Emrills 25th anniversary weekend with our two kids, so we choose lunch which I think was a great idea. A lot of times when you go to a high end place with kids they look at you like you have the plague, they were nothing like this, they made us feel welcime, had a great kids menu and treated us great. The food of course was amazing...will come back next time sans kids for dinner!AMAZING New Year's day lunch! After reading the reviews and talking to friends who have been, we were very excited to come here during our NYE vacation. It definitely lived up to all the hype! The service was impeccable, our server (Cordell) was knowledgeable, friendly and hospitable. We started off with the duck wings and lobster bisque (soup of the day), the wings were perfectly crisp, sweet and tangy. The bisque was not overly creamy and the lobster shone through. For our mains we had the seafood bucatini and the bf enjoyed the special fish of the day, both were outstanding. For dessert, we just had to have the banana cream pie and it too, more than lived up to our expectations. It was not too sweet and the pieces of banana made it feel "light". 
Applause all around!!My whole experience here was amazing. From arrival to leaving I enjoyed myself immensely!
I decided I wanted to finally try an Emeril Lagasse restaurant for my birthday with my sister and mother. I've been a fan of his since I was a little girl, I just never got around to actually eating at one of his many eateries. I was super nervous I was building it up in my head and would be disappointed, but no worries there.
The service was impeccable. The hosts were courteous and always showing a smile. Our waiter was awesome. He was super informative and enthusiastic. And every time someone got up from the table their napkin was replaced for them in their lap. So fancy! 
As a vegetarian I had to do research to make sure there were things I could eat either on the menu or made by the chef and there were. We had the cheese board and it was delicious. And the crustini that went along with it was good and endless... our waiter was bringing us platefuls as we went through it.
As for my entree I had the chef just make a pasta dish from his imagination. So good. I had the Emeril's salad and that was kickin. It has like a bite to it that makes it just that much better than other starter salads. My sister had the Andouille crusted rainbow trout. She loved it (and she's a tough critic). I did snag a few shoestring potatoes off her plate and they were yum.  My mom had the gulf shrimp pasta. She was a bit concerned when she got her dish and the pasta was black. I told her it was squid ink pasta and that didn't help haha. But she tried it and was in love. 
And for dessert I had the salted caramel cheesecake. To die for. Like seriously, I thought I'd die after eating so much... or at least take a looong nap.
I'm so glad I got to come here to Emeril's New Orleans for my birthday. I definitely felt like a special lady on her special day :)Had a good meal last night.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the recipes and ingredients.  They asked about allergies and such.  My dinner was fried chicken with Mac and cheese and collard greens that were baked into the Mac and cheese.  It was good.  Not stellar, but good.  I also had a bourbon something to drink.  Appetizers were bbq shrimp which were too saucy and calamari that was fried just right. Topped off the night with creme brûlée as dessert. Again it was ok.  I've had better.  The bill for 4 was about $250. It is totally different from the Emeril's chop house in Pennsylvania.I'm a fan!  The attention the wait staff gave our table was unrivaled and even tho there were a few hiccups in the delivery of a few items, I give them three stars just for being so hospitable and accommodating  of our rather indecisive group.  We had nine people and tried the shrimp and corn soup - yummy.  Of course the gumbo with andouille sausage was delicious.  In addition the the regular corn bread and roll, we got the sweet potatoe bread and it was indeed sweet, soft, and fresh (reminiscent of a homemade roll).  The chicken and waffles was served with a spicy, sweet and tangy glaze.  The chicken was tender and flavorful and the breading was really crispy and crunchy.  (Just the way I like it.)  The  coleslaw (with just the right amount of watermelon) was a yummy combination.  And I loved the fried green tomatoes with roumalade sauce.  We also had the grilled mahi mahi and it was tender, juicy and flaked right off the filet in flavorful slightly sweet chunks.  My uncle had the pork chop with the greens marinated in worcheshire sauce and he eat every bite of it.   Last, but not least was dessert...the slice of banana cream pie had large chocolate shavings, fresh banana slices and a graham cracker crust that was sweetly alluring...it was delicious and a more-than-generous portion.  The chocolate peanut butter pie was also good. My cousin raved over it, but my favorite was the still the banana cream pie.  Watch out fir the beverage prices tho, they're a little pricey--$5.00 for tea and $8.00 for a glass of beer.
But I would definitely recommend going there.  I plan to go back so I can try as much of the menu as possible while I'm here.Good food!  Great service!  Business casual. Inviting decor.  We had a fun time eating the specials and enjoying the atmosphere while watching the kitchen.One of the top meals I've had in my life!! Amazing from start to finish, and the wait staff is attentive, friendly and on point! Worth every single penny you spend there. Only thing I wished for was more wines in the $30-50 range. Wine list is extensive, but packed with very high end options. I tasted everyone's entree at our 5 person table, and I could've licked every plate clean! Barbecue Salmon, Andouille Crusted Drum, Pork Chop, Lobster Bucatini and Wagyu Beef were our entree choices. Chicken Andouille gumbo - delicious and super dark roux - yum. The Duck Wings appetizer is a can't-miss item!! Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie for dessert - divine. They also had Free Valet Parking!The old warehouse had been nicely converted into a trendy restaurant with wine refrigerators as walls. 
It was new year day so the place was packed and a bit noisy. I expected an upscale crowd but there were plenty people in jeans and tees. 
We started with cocktails and my Bourbon Buzz was overloaded with ice cubes, so the taste was very light. 
There are few cajun dishes amongst asian style and classic ones. The boudin and andouille saucisses appetizer was absolutely delicious, full of flavors. Then I ordered the whole red snapper and local vegetables. A 1 pound fish finished in my plate and I started a DIY preparation. With a 40$ entrée, I'd prefer that someone else deboned the snapper or at least that I was provided with the adequate silverware for such work. The Grand Marnier soufle was a delicious chocolate soufle. I am guessing that someone in the kitchen drank the Grand Marnier because I could not find it. 
So a lovely place that is hesitating between a casual and and upscale restaurant, with prices on the upscale side and service/food on the comfort/casual one.Fantastic food, friendly waitstaff, and you really have 3 waiters attending to you.
Was fast. 
Somewhat expensive, but you pay for the name and the food was phenomenal.Everything we had was absolutely amazing: pork chops, friend chicken, duck, and beef!  I highly recommended this place.Absolutely outstanding!  I think this one is the original of emeril's chains, but it was amazing.  The food was cooked perfectly.  The fish was flakely and flavorful.  The sauces and gravies were out of this world delicious.  It was a few years ago when I went, so I don't remember exactly what i ordered, but I do remember being with a group of people and all the food was out of this world!I first dined here 15 years and it was easily the most delish meal of my lifetime. Then again, my standards weren't quite as high when I was 22, but it was tasty. Really tasty.
When I arrived back in NOLA 5 years later I planned on having a few less hurricanes, but did plan on going back to Emeril's.  Not sure if the quality had gone down or my standards had gone up, but it was just A-OK. 
And I went back again this past weekend after 10 years this time with 20+ friends in tow to celebrate a friend's 40th bday. I was hopeful it would live up to the initial 2002 hype, but the overall experience was more A-OK 2007.
I was starving so ate every last bite of food, but was almost annoyed to be wasting calories on mediocre food (besides the 6 pieces of delicious bread that I couldn't help but devour after a long travel day). As for the rest of the meal:
Crab cake: 3 stars
Mushroom pasta: 1 star 
Salad: 2 stars
Salmon: 3 stars
peanut butter pie: 4 stars (next time i'll be ordering JUST wine and peanut butter pie)
While serving a group of 20+ women who have had too much wine is no picnic, it was painfully slow...and we were receiving our yummy peanut butter pie when my friends at the table next to me where just getting their entrees.  Thank goodness I had good wine & even better company so it was still a memorable evening.OMG, Amazing first the ambience is magnificent. I've been to this restaurant twice and both times I was impressed with the customer service, the ambience, and most importantly the food. I had an amazing time and amazing food. I took one of my co-workers who's a sommelier and she literally was in tears.  It wasn't too high like a ruth Chris or smith and wolinski it was more on a Houston's pricing  level. The meals was the truffles roasted fried chicken and a creamy amazing Mac and cheese with sautéed collards inside. I would say this wasn't the best thing I ever ate but it was really good. And my coworker had the grilled pork chop with caramelized sweet potatoes with a tamarind glaze and chili mole I had that the last time it's definitely amazing and enough for two meals.We celibrated our 20th wedding anniversary at your restaurant. Our experience there made our special day memorable in a wonderful way.  Please pass our thanks to your entire staff.
We had very high expectations and you exceeded them all.
Young Mike, our waiter, was very professional and his recommendations were spot-on. Amanda, our server, was very helpful and friendly. Andrew who was on his third day working at the restaurant,  did an excellent job. 
Tyler seemed to appear from nowhere whenever we needed anything.  Everyone worked together as a team and gave us the best service we've ever experienced.
The food was the star of the evening.   Every dish was beautifully presented and delicious.  We have been to wonderful restaurants all over the world, and we can say, without hesitation, that the food at Emerils is at the top of the list.Had banana cream pie. Not overly sweet and terrific. I didn't have dinner but got it to go and the bartender was very accommodating to my order.Fried chicken is really good. Pork chop is excellent. Great service. Fun to sit at the chef bar and watch them cook.Ok, full disclosure, I only had dessert and coffee here.  But, what I had was super fabulous...the banana cream pie is worth coming back for--that's for sure.My friends and I had to make a stop at Emerils on a tip from local artist Jamie Hayes. We made a reservation in the morning and walked the mile from the French Quarter to the Wherehouse District. This was a good idea because it helped up build an appetite for the epicurean bliss we were about to encounter at Emeril's. We had the New Orleans barbecued shrimp with the baby biscuit for the starter, and my friends had the duck, the bluefin tuna salad cups, the fish of the day, and I partook in the gumbo of the day (chicken with andoule sausage..... served out of a casserole pot) and Emeril's green salad. The gumbo was perfect for the unseasonably cold weather. I also shared the refreshing chillbox key lime pie to end the meal. Everything was fabulous. Even the bread trio was delectable! I took my friend's cornbread muffin. Waitstaff was attentive, helpful, and professional. Thumbs way up all the way for my meal at Emerils.... which was so rich and satisfying that I am feeling the bam! to this moment..... 1.5 hours after the meal ended!Superb service and food! We had a party of 6 was catered to our every need with no problem. You must try the cornbread, it reminded me of my grandmothers sweet recipe!  Are you wanting a cocktail with a sweet with a spicy kick to it? The  "grasshopper" cocktail hit the spot with its cucumber/jalapeño infused flavors. My main course dish of "Louisiana Raines Wagyu Beef" was impeccable. Tender and juicy slivers of beef packed with flavor with a sides of seasoned cubed potatoes and chargrilled broccoli. This place is a must for dinner if ever in NOLA...What a great and sophisticated southern food experience! I always have a love/hate relationship with celebrity chef restaurant. I don't want to be rip off because of the hype of the chef (who is not even cooking there) and at the same time it is usually a solid option. Not being a southern or cajun food expert, I felt I wanted to experience what this region has the best to offer.
The place is located in an off area, walking distance from the Bourbon St. activity, in the warehouse district. The place is really nice, with a great and classy ambiance. They have a large bar where I am sure you can eat in case the wait is too long. The service is good and the wine list is what you expect from this type of place (finally a restaurant with top selection from the Old World...). But the best is coming, the food.......
I started my cajun journey with the homemade andouille and boudin which is apparently one of their best hit. Both were so succulent! Being European. I knew exactly what to expect and I was not disappointed, especially on the boudin which I can vouch, is being made in house. Add to that some beer braised onions with a touch of grain mustard and I was transported to creole heaven.
I had a big dilemma when ordering my entree as many dishes were very appetizing. After the waiter explained that the menu changed a lot, I simply asked him one question: "is there one dish that hasn't changed". The answer was the "Pork Chop". At first, pork chop resonated to me as a piece of thin pork, sometimes overly cooked or dry with no exciting sauce or garnish to complete that. However my gut were telling me to try it and I have to say this is the best pork chop I have ever had. You can't go to Nola without trying it, it is a fact! First off, the pork chop is huge, like 3 inches, which makes it great to cook to perfection. Then it is covered with a surprisingly succulent green chile mole. Add to that some yummy sweet potatoes caramelized in tamarindo. It was absolutely fabulous and this is coming from someone who doesn't like pork chop and who wouldn't order any mole dish at a mexican restaurant. You can easily understand that you HAVE TO try it and if you don't like it, message me lol
I just wish I had saved some spaces for a small dessert but that pork chop filled up my stomach and conclude a wonderful cajun experience at Emeril's in Nola.The second best of the Emeril places in NOLA.  Exceptional food and service and the desserts are always a knockout.  I've eaten here three times and was pleased well beyond expectations.  If there's a wait because you didn't get a reservation, the rather nice bar will make you forget all about it.Service was amazing but food is overrated. I had the drum which was breaded yet almost fried. Very loud atmosphere as well.I really want to love Emeril's. I really do. But I've been here a couple of times now and walk away feeling a bit disappointed. The service is great, the starter breads are wonderful, but the entrees just don't do it for me. Everything is cooked well, but I just don't love the flavors. It's either too smoky, too salty, too sweet or just kind of unmemorable. Hmmm. Maybe I need to steer clear of the southern dishes and aim for more cajun flavors. Who knows? I'm not writing Emeril's off. However, the banana cream pie deserves 5 stars! It's that good! I would return to Emeril's just for the pie! Bam!I want to start by saying that I thought my experience at Emeril's was fine and would not go out of my way to deter anyone from eating there.  With that being said, I also would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I had made a reservation at 8:30, arrived a bit early, got a glass of wine at the bar, and was seated promptly at 8:30.  We started with the mussels, which were outstanding, and being a bit of a mussel connoisseur, that is saying something.  I had the soup of the day, a bisque, no complaints, but nothing that blew me away.  My father had the gumbo which, frankly tasted like a bouillon cube soaked in water.  For dinner my father had the special which was a squid-ink seafood pasta.  Unfortunately, it was very bland.  The squid ink did nothing but add a color to the pasta.  The pasta had some heat but lacked the salt it needed to really bring out any other flavor.  I had the swordfish, which I will adamantly say DO NOT ORDER.  It was under-seasoned and over-cooked.  I can't say much else about it, frankly it was terrible.  A note on service:  It was good but not great.  No one seemed particularly eager to please their guests but, there were no gaping flaws either.  Overall, I'd say my experience was underwhelming, a fine restaurant, but with so many fantastic restaurants in NOLA, I'm sad to say I probably won't be back.Just got back from dinner...this place just does not live up to the hype! The sweet cornbread and huge porkchop were just as others described but did little to change my opinion. We also tried the BBQ shrimp (quite salty), fish of the day (escarole), seabass, and skirt steak. I have to agree with Jon M. The food was good but nothing spectacular. Frankly, I should have gone to Cuvee (which rated higher on Zagat) and is just steps from our hotel.
Anyway, I digress. Let me tell you that the service here left much to be desired. They just seemed to forget the basics. For example, the manager (or who seemed to be because of his shirt and tie, no apron), cleared our wine glasses after they sat for what seemed to be 10-15 minutes (once we had already received our beverages and completed our appetizers). The servers also were very slow in clearing our entree plates and refilling my soda. We overheard one of the manager's yelling for a "Tony" and then angrily going into the kitchen. The last straw was when we presented our Opentable.com voucher with our credit card, and the server said, "What's this"? C'mon, for the $$$ we spend at this establishment, this is just plain acceptable. She should have discretely taken this question to her supervisor. NUFF SAID!You are never sure what you are going to get at a celebrity-owned restaurant.  This one did not disappoint.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter welcomed us just we sat down.  We had the salmon cheesecake which was quite good and about twice the size I expected.  My wife had the truffled shrimp Louie salad the maple glazed chicken breast.  I had a Moroccan soup and the Mac n Cheese with shrimp.  The portions were so generous, we didn't have room for dessert.  My wife order coffee which was cold when served.  The busboy was very apologetic and quickly replaced it with hot coffee.  Our waiter, Will, also apologized and took it off our bill.  The sign of good service is just that everything goes right but how they do when something goes wrong.  Good restaurant service is so rare, I notice when it is done right.  Tonight was one of those occasions.  All that food plus one Mint Julep came to about $95.  That same meal in San Francisco would be at least $30-40 more.
It was a pleasant dining experience.Very good meal but not great. The highlight of the meal was the mussels. Had the pork chop which was enormous,cooked perfectly, but the sauce became overpowering after the first few bites. Also had the banana cream pie which was very good, but did not live up to the hype in my opinion.Had a great experince. Service was good and the food was outstanding. We sat at the counter looking into the kitchen.  This made it even more fun as we watched the food being prepared. Over all a must do when in New Orleans.The first thing you notice on entering the restaurant is the decor, it is amazing. From the basket weave ceiling to the grain light covers in front of the kitchen area, the effect is wonderful. Our food was also very good. We had drum fish with crawfish étouffée and lobster dumplings along with mac & cheese with greens on the side. Everything tasted wonderful. The only thing preventing me from giving five stars was the not great service. Our server appeared to be out of sorts and gave barely adequate service. I don't know if this is typical, but except for that, I highly recommend Emeril's.Came in for lunch with my boyfriend. We had the bbq shrimp for appetizer. Then we both had chicken and waffles for entree. We were served an assortment of 3 types of bread with butter to start. One was a sweet cornbread, one had rosemary and olive oil baked on top and the other was a sweet bun (to the best of my recollection). The bread was very good and a nice, small sized assortment, to start with. The bbq shrimp was good. The chicken and waffles dish was amazing. Both my boyfriend and I loved it. I had been waiting for a good chicken and waffles dish for a while. This was it. There was a nice maple spiced hotsaucy syrup drizzled over it---it was a nice balance of sweet and spicy. There was also a very refreshing and lightly dressed watermelon coleslaw on the side. Overall, I found the dish great and if I could change anything about it, I would have an option to choose between dark and white meat. But otherwise, it was great. The service was great and staff friendly from the host to the waiter and servers. Excited about my reservation for dinner tonight. The host suggested eating at the bar where we could watch the chefs cook. Sounds like an amazing time. I don't normally eat at the same place for two consecutive meals but this is one of the main highlights of my trip to New Orleans . I will be posting an update after dinner.The food and service were beyond superb. Very much worth it. It should be a must for someone visiting NOLA.I had the rainbow trout for lunch. Although the food was delicious,  the server was nice, but the service was super slow for a weekday.Emeril's is the quintessential dining experience. The food is exquisite and the service impeccable! We enjoyed a variety of dishes ranging from turtle soup to classics like their house made andouille sausage, all were fabulous. Thanks to Josh, Jessica and Jordan for making our dining experience truly special!Very attentive service in a pretty dining room.  However, an overall sense of OK, not wow.  An encyclopedic wine list, but they were out of my first choice.  They suggested a substitution of a Barbera di Asti for the Rhone blend I had chosen.  It was a nice wine, but at over $50 for a wine that retails for $12, not exactly a value.  A nice appetizer of mussels in a lemon grass scented curry sauce.  Would have enjoyed some bread to soak up the broth, but none was offered after the initial serving.  The duck was rather ordinary.  Would have preferred a crisp skin and the breast not as well done.  I asked to sub the Mac and cheese for the rice, it was flavorless. The pickled vegetables were a nice counter  point to the richness of the duck.  My companions enjoyed their chicken and swordfish.  On the whole there is more interesting food in NOLA and at better prices.We were in town for the New Orleans Jazz Festival and I made a reservation for Friday night.  The restaurant is beautiful with high ceilings and sophisticated decor.  The bar area is fantastic with lots of energy.  We were greeted promptly, seated immediately and given a brief introduction to the restaurant.  Drink orders were taken and quickly delivered.  The server gave us a very good description of the menu items and left us for a short time to deliberate the choices.  We had BBQ Shrimp(had to, your at Emeril's) for our starter.  Loved the little biscuits  they served with it.  Also the bread on the table was excellent.  We had the Swordfish(perfect blend of sweet/salty) and Salmon.  Both were perfectly cooked and the flavors were amazing.  The portion sizes were more generous than I thought it would be at a restaurant of this caliber. It was a warm day and our water glasses were never empty.  This restaurant is the perfect example of perfect service.  From the moment we walked in to the second we left nothing was neglected.  It was a blend of casual friendly and professional service.  Glad my spouse does a lot of business in this city as I can't wait to come back.Unfortunately the best i can say that this is just another chain resturant. The kitchen was slammed and food came out slowly, servers tried to accommodate use but there was little they could do.  I am a big fan of Emeril but not of this restaurant.WOW!  The best service I have ever had in my 68 years.  I was called by name and treated like a King.
We went there for lunch and if I lived in NOLA I would have lunch there once a week.  Wonderful Gumbo soup and chicken and waffles.  Topped off with a great glass of wine, I couldn't more highly recommend this fine restaurant, plus it was very affordable.Gourmet restaurant in New Orleans. Emerils original restaurant offering amazing lick your plate creole food. On the pricey side, but the food and service is top notch. They also have an extensive wine list.I took my husband there for his birthday and we loved it. This was my second visit. His first. I'd been there over 10 years ago when men's attire included a jacket. This is my husband's first time in New Orleans. Nothing changed for me...The restaurant is beautiful, the waitstaff excellent, food delicious. We had the Fried Chicken for 2. Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Presented on a breadboard Southern style with baked beans, coke slaw and Mac and cheese. Oh and the
Appetizers - duck liver bruschetta and Emeril's BBQ shrimp. Both delicious! For dessert we shared pecAn upside down cake with sweet potato ice cream! I should have had my own! If there any room for improvement, I would have preferred to sit in the main dining room.Emeril's flagship restaurant on Tchoupitoulas Street still manages to execute at a high level after all these years.  The current menu features new takes on old New Orleans recipes.  The gumbo of the day featured rabbit and house made andouille sausage and had a deep dark roux that was very richly flavored.  The special entree of the night was soft shell crab with grits.  This was an interesting twist on the more traditional shrimp and grits recipe.  The wine list is one of the more extensive you will find anywhere in America with a particularly impressive French selection.  According to the waitress, Emeril still comes in and works in the large open kitchen when he gets restless at home.My husband and I decided on Emeril's restaurant for lunch on my hubby's birthday.   The staff was quite attentive to us the moment we walked in.
We ended up ordering the Lunch Crunch deal, which is a 3 course meal for a great price of $19.95.
I chose the Chopped Romaine Salad for my app, for my main course I had the Duck Confit "Melt", and for dessert I had the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie. 
Everything was top notch, I had no complaints what so ever. I was most nervous about the duck, but it came out cooked perfectly, not too greasy, and was absolutely delicious. The portions were perfect for the price and for a lunch time meal.  Both the food and service were excellent. I'd recommend it to anyone.So, husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a fancy meal while in nola. Being a fan of emerils I decided to go there for lunch because he offered the chicken and waffles.  
We started with delicious sweet potato rolls and corn bread muffins. Next my husband chose the petite sirloin and I went with the waffles.  The chicken and waffles was huge!! Very flavorful and crispy. As for my husband's sirloin... When they say petite they mean it!!! I think it was as big as his finger for $18!!! Although the French fries were delicious it was not worth the $$$. 
For dessert since my husband was still hungry we shared the banana cream pie. Omg!!! I was In heaven!!! Worth every $$$ I highly recommend that dessert. I wish I didn't share it :-)Possibly the best dining experience I have had. The service was absolutely perfect from the get go with great drink suggestions. The gumbo, escargot, and other appetizers were all delicious. My entree, the duck fried rice, was one of the best meals of my life. Everyone else in my party had equally incredible reviews of the food. If you're willing to spend a little extra money, this place is one of the best.By far the most amazing food experience I have had to date. All of the options I tried were remarkable and the service was phenomenal!They were so busy when we got there (9pm) and we didn't have a reservation! They were hesitant to even seat us at the kitchen bar until we said that all we wanted was dessert--the banana cream pie. Really wonderful pie! Definitely save room for it. I will be making reservations next time I visit.We had a truly wonderful lunch at Emeril's. I don't care that he's on TV or anything. In fact that might keep me away from a restaurant, if anything. This restaurant really deserves it's merits. Everyone from the hostess to the bartenders to our server and the manager, who came to make sure we were enjoying our meal, were true professionals. The wine list is extensive with some great selections. We had the BBQ Shrimp and the Meatball Dumpling Pho to start. Both were amazing! The fish was equally as tasty. Loved every minute of our meal at Emeril's and can't wait to return.My best meal in new Orleans tried del Monica restaurant rebirth Muriel's Dickie Brennan's and Brennan's but the service and food were just the best was not expecting it either thought del monico would be better but it wasn'tmy favorite restaurant in New Orleans! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the chef switches the menu during the seasons. The banana bread pudding is the best dessert I have ever had. Great Service too.Very disappointing. We saved Emeril's for the last night of our vacation expecting it to be wonderful. It was not. The food was fine, but no better than we'd experienced at several other places in New Orleans. The service was good. The problem was the restaurant is so poorly designed acoustically that it was impossible to hear each other. We were seated next to a table of folks who had a lot to drink and were very loud, so that didn't help. Early on I discreetly went back to the head waiter and asked if there might be a quieter location for our party of 2. He said nope, the restaurant was just loud. Ok then. Maybe Emeril's would be worth the $$ in a city other than New Orleans, but here you have MUCH better options.The food far exceeded expectations, I had the rivets cap with short rib, and she had the whole trout. She won, big time. The service was impeccable, personable and professional. Just a fantastic dining experience.First restaurant me and my friends came to upon arriving in New Orleans a couple weeks ago.  Everything we had was great, and well presented.  Servers couldn't have done a better job of ensuring that we had everything that we needed at all times.  A+ for the upscale, yet casual atmosphere, felt right at home!I came here with high expectations given Emeril's reputation and the restaurant's consistent listing in the Top 10 NOLA lists. Most of my expectations were met. The wine list is perhaps the best I've ever seen, bound together in a leather book with many California wines in particular. The menu options all were plentiful and tempting. We ordered a barbq shrimp appetizer, and I was sorely disappointed. Emeril needs to go to Surrey's Juice Bar for some bar bq shrimp then start over -- and the portion was incredibly small. A biscuit was provided that was so teeny that I ate it in one bite and was unable to share it with my table. Some of our entrees were excellent. Some were not. I wish I had ordered the pork chop, as I looked with envy on those of my neighbors. The salmon and the trout almondine both were extraordinary, though I could have done without so many potato straws. My friend ordered the short ribs and lobster, and this was the most disappointing dish. It was so rich, but the worst part was that the chef placed it on top of french fries. Neither of us were impressed, as french fries cheapened the appearance of the dish. Perhaps mashed potatoes would have been a better choice. The chocolate souffle was quite tasty and velvety. The service was attentive but unfriendly. So, I'm unsure how I feel about the experience. It was better than average for sure, but I'm not sure it lived up to the expectation I had. Glad to have come once, but I doubt that I will return in a city with so many great options.Great food and great service. Banana pie is fantastic. Chocolate bread pudding great. Great service justifies the price.We spent four days in New Orleans and this was the best meal by far. Emeril's delivered. We went for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Easily got reservations the day prior. i had read so much about the Lunch Crunch that I had a good idea of what i wanted before getting there. I ended up having too many things to choose from. Everything on the menu sounded delicious. Started with a margarita made with fresh lemon/lime juice. Starter for me was the smoked mushroom pasta. In a heavier cream sauce with smoked Andouille sausage. to die for. Perfect size portion. Excellent blend of savory and sweet. If this was any indicator of what was to come....i was certainly excited. My main course was a barbecued Rainbow trout with a potato/chorizo succotash. Once again the whole plate was excellent. Fish cooked perfectly. Nice crunchy skin drizzled in a smoky sauce. the potatoes and sausage complimented nicely. Creme Brule to finish things off with a nice strong cup of joe. i had pretty high expectations going in and I can say i was not disappointed. I read many reviews of slow service and exorbitant prices. For $19.50 you get a wonderful three course meal. even ala carte the prices were far from outrageous. Our service was spot on. Highly recommended!Absolutely beautiful restaurant.  This was the first place we dined at.  I would say, okay food, professional service (although I wish it was more warm personality than polite/professional).
Dishes ordered:
--Drum fish: delicious, would order again, good portion
--Gumbo: good, it was my first time having gumbo.  
--Porkchop: flavor good, but a bit dry on the cook.  wish it was more medium.
--Shrimp and grits: good, but a tiny portion for $35.  4-5 shrimps and barely found the grits under the shrimp.
--calamari: okay
wish they had the fried chicken crawfish that day for me to try.  it looked very good.This place was amazing!!! The service, the atmosphere, the cocktails.. the food! This was the first dinner we had in our version of a food network tour, and it was my birthday, and Emeril's did not disappoint. Everything was great-- we had duck spring roll apps, the house bread (!!), bbq salmon and truffle fried roasted chicken entree-- and omg the braised collards were life! Service was friendly and attentive and I will definitely visit again on my next trip to NOLA.Haven't been here in years but I have to say that we have had much better all around. Food was good but not fantastic. Service seemed rushed at first and then we were never offered a wine list and the bread was supposed to come out 3 times and showed up only after we asked again. Started with the gumbo witch was fantastic and out in 5 minutes. My swordfish was cooked well and my husband had the pork chop that had more fat than usual. The presentation was great but the flavors on his dish were not what he expected and he is not a picky eater at all. We have rarely seen our waiter and it seems that we have one who is training. (Spilled water on my husband meal) Ordered desserts and nothing to write home about. Never asked if we even needed another cocktail. Presentation here is beneath what I would expect and they were average. It seems that they are making re focused on turning tables here. Overall the interior is nice, staff polite, liquor prices high but would not come back because there are a lot of other great restaurants here.Excellent dinner.... exceptional service.... certainly a treat!
When visiting New Orleans don't miss the opportunity to visit Themis restaurant.
Would definitely recommend reservations.Did not disappoint. Excellent service and superb food. My wife and I had wonderful experience at Emeril's. We both started out with the soup of the day and Gumbo (chicken & andouille sausage). Best gumbo I've ever had. I had the signature Drum dish wish was a huge portion and cooked to perfection. Will definitely come back on our next trip.Went for lunch and ordered:
Fresh Angel Hair Pasta with Louisiana Crawfish Tail in a Creole Cream Sauce
charbroiled oysters
choc penut butter pie.
Went for s meeting to nola and decided to hit this place up for lunch. I watch the food network, hells kitchen, no reservations, etc., but there is no way im able to go into detail about how good this place is.  the pasta was good and so was the pie.  now one of the places we hit before here was dragos(the one in the Hilton).  ive been to the original one loved the charbroiled oysters here, but the hilton not so good.  Emerils had the better tasting oysters as far as my friend and i were concerned.  you can't go wrong eating here so enjoy.Everywhere in NO is awesome with friendly people, but the people here were over the top awesome. Everyone acknowledged you whenever you got up, and the waiters took their time to happily answer our questions. I don't even remember what I got to eat but it was tasty. The ambiance is cool, and I liked the wine walls.Im gonna give it a two, when it should be a 2.5.    The service was immature, inexperienced, and "deer in headlight ish".   The food was less than spectacular, on a slow, mid week evening.   The bread was OK, the wine list was stellar, but out of our price range for anything I would consider drinkable, and we we not "wowed" or "baMMed" as far as the entrees go......   I wrote a letter to the management shortly after my visit  with regards to a certain matter and I was ignored........Food was amazing. Couldn't have been better. We started with Moscow mules and cucumber basil lemonade. Then a kale salad with crab and the crostini with peach smoked ham baratta and arugula with basalmic reduction. Then I had the pork chop the size of your head with mole and creole mustard and candied sweet potato.  My lovely lady had the linguine Nero with gulf shrimp and mussels in a butter creole sauce with corn and bell peppers. It was Devine and we couldn't even get dessert. Fine dining at it's best for an affordable price.I'm not afraid to tell anyone that Emeril will always be one of my favorite celeb chefs despite the crazy merchandise machine he has become. 
We went for the 3 course lunch for $20. Mussels étouffée was great, the mussels were really plump and the rice buttery, rich, and slightly brothy and spicy. Seafood gumbo was good, with plenty of shrimp in the cup-sized portion, but needed some heat. And the creme brûlée at the end was perfect, if just the usual vanilla custard. GFs porchetta sandwich was worth noting too, with pickles and some ginger in it that really spoke to me (but not quite to her). 
Would definitely try dinner, the service was very friendly and the food and ambiance surprisingly polished for being one of the man's many restaurants!From a nice Malbec to the outstanding pork chops with mole verde made for a memorable night. Sat at the bar overlooking kitchen and Chef "k" was outstanding!Went to Emeril's with colleagues.  Overall would say food was decent, service and ambiance were poor.  
Food:
I had the escargot and the market fish.  Escargot were well done and the noodles were an interesting change from the usual bread dipping but nothing I would get again.  The redfish was large and perfectly cooked, but came with a very greasy lo mein veggie stir fry.  My husband got the boar special, nice flavors.  His salmon was highly unimpressive, bland and parts a bit dry.  Also tried the ribeye, would not recommend.  Friend liked the pork chop.
Service:
Our waiter had an odd affect to the point that was off putting.  Was uninformed about the menu such that he could not provide proper assistance.  Everyone kept bumping into me and into each other, zero spatial awareness and obviously just did not care. 
Atmosphere:
Way too loud with tables on top of each other.  Doesn't achieve fun bustling bistro nor upscale dining but some odd mix that I would not want to re-experience.I'm honestly just not sure why the hype for this place is so great...hate to say it but it showed itself to be true in every step of our dining experience. 
1) first wine bottle was stale, had to order something different. Not really the restaurants fault but disappointing
2) the "bread" is a little 1" square pillow. 
3) cheese board Jack was stale & hard as a rock, it was cut from the heel of the wheel & we weren't able to even break it apart to enjoy it 
4) while water refills were prompt, I got a gnat in my water twice. Not once, but twice. 
5) salmon, which had come highly recommended, tastes as though it wasn't fresh. Fairly fishy taste. 
6) duck breast was overcooked, & the deep frier didn't help it. For $35, I expected more. 
7) vegetarian plate, which also came highly recommended, was simply the various sides that came with our dishes. Potato cake & the chopped pineapple & arugula was good, but succotash beans weren't fully cooked.
8) to top it all off, I was very sick shortly after eating there. Lasted all night & into the next morning. :-/ 
We tipped $40 on our $150 tab, because the waitress was so kind & sweet. But as far as a great southern dining experience in NOLA, I would save your money & go elsewhere. We had much more enjoyable experiences everywhere else we dined during our visit. Disappointed.The duck wings were the best thing I've eaten in New Orleans.  I want to come back and order a dozen!!!Had a good time eating at the counter watching the cooks in operation.  Had the shrimp appetizer.  Not worth trying so save the money.  Had some soup, not the gumbo and enjoyed it. Did the pork chop, it had a few flavors that I wouldn't necessarily care about but i chowed it down, it was cooked perfectly. Had the banana pie and i was very impressed, especially the way the bananas were laid onto the crust.  Looked like it was made by pyramid builders and tasted very well.   I had two old fashioned drinks that were made well enough.  Total cost for myself with tip.  One hundred.  Would I go back.  Sure, but there are too many other places to try firstI arrived with my children, two of whom are not appreciative of fine cuisine. Nonetheless, they were appreciative of the very attentive service. When I told the wonderful server that one child is severely picky and has a fish allergy, he immediately offered so many suggestions, my child didn't know what to order. His pasta came beautifully plated, my other picky eater also selected something off menu which was prepared and served without complaint or issue. (and she liked it). The adventurous child devoured the chicken and waffles, the crusted drum was delicious although I would have preferred the perfectly cooked vegetables not hidden under the too crispy shoestring potatoes that overtook the plate. The housemade watermelon pickles on our cheese plate were not like my Granny made but otherwise, all, including the calamari and bread plates were wonderfully prepared. Overall, the service is really what made this a 5 star experience. Never a dry glass or dirty dish. Everyone was so attentive!Wow, great restaurant.  The food and the cocktails were both amazing.  We were a group of 7 so we decided to share everything.  Started with the barbecue shrimp appetizer, fried calamari, and the warm Caesar. The shrimp had this amazing sauce with a spicy kick to it, calamari had some olive spread on it, and the warm Caeser was great with cauliflower. For entrees we got spotted trout which came with a potato base, the black truffle chicken platter for 2, which was topped with corn on the cob, Brussels sprouts, potatoes, corn bread and had crawfish to top it off.  We also got the beef due, the paella, and the lobster Nero. To top it off, they had a monkey cake as a special, that was so warm, sweet, baked perfectly.  If your in New Orleans, this is definitely a must try spot.First off, let me say that no matter how good your food is, if you don't have good Front of House, you don't have a good restaurant. Emeril clearly gets that, because the FoH was great top to bottom at this restaurant, from moving our reservation time, to everyone greeting us as we went to our table (regardless of whether they were involved in our service or not), to the knowledgable and courteous servers. This may seem like a no-brainer but certainly hasn't been our experience at other celebrity chefs' restaurants. 
We ordered three mains for the two of us, having the seafood bucatini as a shared appetizer. The bucatini was great, with a flavourful cream sauce and large, well cooked and identifiable pieces of seafood. I'd definitely have that again. We mopped up the sauce with the nice complimentary assortment of two bite breads they kept bringing during the meal.
The two entrees were the pork chop and the seafood "paella". The pork chop was triple thick with a huge frenched rib bone sticking out for dramatic effect. The meat was moist and evenly cooked to medium, with a good sear and spicy glaze. The accompanying yams were very complimentary. 
The "paella" (their quotes, not mine) substituted giant beans for the rice and included two local fish filets, mussels, and scallops. Overall the concept and flavors worked, but I have to remove a star for the scallops. Searing the scallops would have made for a much nicer presentation and flavor component. But more importantly, the scallops were gritty. I've eaten many scallops, dived for my own scallops and eaten them raw, and never had grit, so I'm not sure how scallops get gritty sand in them? This knocks it down a star, as we mentioned this issue but it wasn't addressed, the waiter just said they must not have been cleaned properly (comping the tasty $7 banana pie slice on a $100 bill would have been a nice touch). Otherwise a great fine dining experience.My husband and I attended a corporate sponsored greeting reception that was heavily attended. We would love to have enjoyed dinner here after the reception but, understandably, the restaurant was booked solid, perhaps on our next visit to New Orleans.  The service at the reception was exceptional, a very courteous, attentive wait staff did a great job of navigating a very crowded area with outstanding hors d'oeuvres and wine/drinks.  The mini crab cakes were mouth wateringly good, the creole shrimp were delicious.  The Chardonnay that was served was delightful.  Kudo's to the staff/management for doing a great job.  The restaurant decor itself was beautiful.BBQ shrimp sauce was good but too peppery and the shrimp seemed undercooked.  I'll never look at pork chops the same. Very Good but not great.   It may be advisable to have a cocktail bc it's been 45 min since we ordered til we got our entrees. The wait staff is very attentive and the room pretty. But the banana cream pie was the show stopper.Everything about this meal was fabulous! The service was impeccable and the food was fantastic. We were waiting for a few more people to arrive so we started out at the bar. The Blackberry Smash is dangerously delicious, but a bit too sweet for me. The Irish Channel was a winner, though. One of our colleagues was finishing up a work call outside so the bartenders made him a martini to go- gotta love New Orleans!! 
Highlights:
Appetizers:
Barbecue shrimp- You only get three per order which is a bit ridiculous, but they are delicious
Fried creole marinated calamari- Completely delightful
Entrees:
Fried chicken for two- Literally an entire chicken, this could easily feed three! There was truffle in the batter and it was insanely good!! Also the mac and cheese was some of the best I've ever had- I nearly licked the bowl. :) 
Lacquered duck- Super moist and flavorful, also a huge portion. The "dirty potatoes" were amazing. 
We were completely stuffed after the delicious appetizers and entrees but still somehow made room for dessert:
Banana cream pie- You must order this, it was light and fluffy and everything that banana cream pie should be
S'mores ice cream sandwich- A great twist on the class s'more
Chocolate peanut butter mousse cake- Also good but not nearly as fantastic as the other two!This was my first trip to New Orleans...and as I searched for places to eat, I found Emeril's banana cream pie rated best dessert in NO somewhere online...when I saw the photo on the Emeril's website, I had to try it for myself...it did not dissappoint.  5 of the 6 of us that night thought it was amazing, and four us us thought it was even better than Cafe DuMonde's bengnets...which were incredible.  I had the restaurant's specialty, The drum...and it was one of the best dishes I ever had.  Two others in our party had the other specialty, the pork chop, which was huge...beautiful in presentation and tasted incredible.  The service was great.  It was a fantastic experience...and I'd go back in a heartbeat!!!Went here for a business dinner last night. The customer service was amazing. Our waiter, Scott, delivered impeccable hospitality and his recommendations were spot on. We had the truffle fried chicken, the tuna crudo, the coconut curry mussels, the sausage, the double bone in pork chop, and the famous banana cream pie. Overall, the meal was amazing. If you like Hendricks gin, you must try the grasshopper cocktail!!!Emeril's didn't meet the hype for me. It was good, but it wasn't exceptional. Good service, good food, but not like Commander's Palace.Of course we had to do an Emeril Lagasse place while in New Orleans so we headed to his flagship restaurant.
The converted warehouse space with low lighting has an elegant, swanky feel and the wait staff was both personable and professional. For drinks, Jeannene and I decided to pace ourselves and went with glasses of Sangria ($10) which were fruity, fizzy and plentiful.
Since we had lunch that day at Commander's Palace and weren't starving, we decided to split an appetizer. Oh wait, that reminds me. Maybe it's because Emeril started there, or maybe it's a thing at all N.O. restaurants, but at both Emeril's and at Commander's Palace not only did the staff attentively top off our water glasses, but at the point where almost all the ice had melted, they took away the glasses and give us new ones -- a very small yet very classy touch that all high-end restaurant should consider.
On to the appetizer -- we split the barbecue shrimp ($12), which came simply prepared -- 7 shrimp doused with a not-very-thick sauce with a rosemary biscuit on the side. As I bit into the BBQ-covered shrimp, I was suddenly reminded that Emeril had gotten famous for his TV show in which he shouted "Bam!" when tossing a pinch of seasoning into his pot or pan. It was the most gourmet-level BBQ sauce I ever had with numerous spices dancing on my tongue but yet only respectable amount of heat flaring up.
My main course was the Char Grilled Hangar Steak ($30) and it was more of the same with seasoning as the dry-rub was the best I've ever had on a steak. Trying to describe the individual flavors would be like describing the individual fireworks during the grand finale on July 4th. The thick-cut crispy potatoes paired perfectly with the steak as did the horseradish sauce and chili oil.
Jeannene had the Grilled Salmon ($25) that came with farro along with tomato, okra and corn. She enjoyed it, complimenting at how perfectly cooked the fish was.
For desert we shared the Banana Cream Pie ($8) and it was a nice twist on what one might expect. It had the chunks of bananas and the sweet graham cracker crust but the consistency was closer to cheesecake and the fluffy topping was chantilly cream. Another note to all restaurants -- replace whip cream with the slightly thicker and a-lot-more sugary chantilly.The service was superb. The staff members we attentive to details and most impressed with the  service willingness to listening to our needs especially for an associate who celebrated her birthday. She blew out her candle early before we could take a photo, and a server overheard our conversation and quickly lit the candle without asking. Certainly Emeril's staff are well trained and this clearly showcases that experience. Thanks for a good night and an even better meal! We will certainly stop by when we visit NOLA.It was ok. 
I came on a sunday 730pm. Was really hoping to order the fried chicken, but as soon as we sat down the waitress stated they ran out. Don't quite understand how you run out during prime time dinner. Don't they get supplies fresh daily?
the angel hair crab pasta appetizer was tasty, Sausage appetizer was awesome, BBQ shrimp was solid. All in all the place was good, but I think there are other quality places to try as well if your time is limited. 
BTW it's kid friendly! Rare for such a classy restaurantI have eaten at amazing restaurants (in L.A., San Francisco, Chicago, etc) and was looking forward to eating here while at a public health conference late October.  I made reservations for Friday night because I wanted to surprise my husband who was flying into New Orleans from L.A.  My husband has always enjoyed Emeril's T.V. show and we were both looking forward to the great sauces he's known for.  The waiter we had must have had a bad day... he treated us like it was our lucky day to be there.  Food was less than mediocre, I hated mine.  But what was impressive what the book on wine.... you would think it was a bible; that's how thick it was and wine worth thousands of dollars (with sticker price that was inflated in thousands).  I would not recommend it.Emerils lived up to the name and legacy!  We came here for our last meal in Nola and it was superb.  Service by Brandon and Tre was especially attentive without rushing us.  The warm decor, brick walls, busy dining room made the evening feel lively and exciting.  We spent 2.5 hours having a fun time with memories to sustain us until the next family reunion.
Our party of 5 started with cocktails.  We were excited about the long list of scotches including variations we had never heard of such as Glenmorangie Catana.  We all shared the Lamb Nachos---inventive, spicy and creamy; and Lobster Skewers---decadent and flavorful with a light dip in the fryer.
Entrees included the show stopper bone in Pork Chop and Ribeye.  The pork chop is huge and smothered with two kinds of gravy and seated with a salt crisp char that is the perfect balance to the sweet potatoes underneath.  The ribeye was tender and cooked nicely and layered on a bed of grilled romaine which was difference and pleasantly  acidic to cut through the richness of the steak and sauce.  
We all shared a bite of the infamous mile high Banana Cream Pie as dessert.  The slice is stuffed with huge banana chunks and topped with shaved chocolate and caramel drizzle.  One of two bites is the perfect sweet ending.  Brandon allowed us to linger over dessert and brought our daughter a little ice cream too.  
Of interest is the article on Emeril near the restrooms.  You feel that his influence and dedication to the city had not wavered.  The standards he established 30 years ago are thriving today.  Be sure to check out the fun picture tiles on the walls in the bathroom.  Clever and decorative!Hate the personality if you must but, goddamn, this guy runs a rockin' restaurant.
The food was excellent. The stand outs were the crab cake appetizer special with bacon, slaw and  a horseradish gastrique, the BBQ shrimp and the amazingly yummy lamb spare ribs [i don't even like lamb]. Great wine list with a fairly good selection of wines by the glass.
Staff was great, being attentive yet invisible simultaneously. The room was comfy and sleek.
I am torn on the 4 star rating. While we were finishing up our entrees, the hostess seated a table of four near us - two adults and two children; one of whom was a shrieking infant. While I have a hard time faulting the restaurant for seating people with infants, in a fine dining establishment, the parents should have had the common sense to not bring them. I do think the hostess should have tried to seat them in an area where people were not going to be subjected to a shrill little child.
Otherwise, I loved it and would definitely go back.
Food 5
Decor 5
Service 5
Other children someplace that obviously isn't Applebee's 0This was the chosen dinner stop for our third night in NOLA. Having had great meals the two nights before, we were really excited to dine at Emeril's New Orleans.
Knowing ahead of time that with the NBA playoffs and Jazz Fest going on the same weekend that all restaurants would be crowded, we planned far in advance and made reservations well ahead of time.
The building was much more contemporary than we had expected. It's on the outskirts of the French Quarter district and seems to be an almost brand new building.
We arrived via Uber and were seated promptly at our reservation time. There are teams of wait staff that will be assigned to your table and they make sure you have everything you need throughout your dinning experience.
The food presentation was  excellent and the preparation was spot on. everything was fabulous.
A side note....  While waiting between times we needed service, the wait staff would go to empty tables and literally pickup and shine the silverware and plates inspecting them for any signs of fingerprints or anything that might take away from the customer experience and or table presentation for the next guest. I found this to be an extraordinary task and I greatly appreciated seeing it done by the help.
Overall, it was a great meal and we're so glad we went.We were completely baffled by our experience at Emeril's, since both the food & the service were surprisingly lackluster (or at best inconsistent). 
Service by our primary server was perfunctory, and the time between courses was exceptionally long. There were also the little things that added up - e.g. when they brought each of us the bread samples, the 3rd wasn't ready & they said they'd bring it out to us - didn't happen (it was a Hawaiian roll too, not letting that go!), so we had to ask. We got the somewhat terse reply that it had been in the oven, but the length of the delay & the lukewarm temp of the bread suggested otherwise... 
The drum and pork were ok, the steak was "meh", the one standout was by far the truffle fried chicken - it's the one thing buoying this review. Note - We did have a manager stop by at one point; he was receptive to the feedback we offered and even comp'ed us one of our entrees.
The biggest travesty was the bread pudding, which took an age to come out, and when it did, it was the saddest square of dried out (to the point of rock-hard around the edges) what-have-you we'd ever seen. We left it on the table (and I hate leaving dessert on the table, knowwhatI'msayin?)
Ultimately, we expected a stellar food & service experience & left sorely disappointed except for the fried chicken, total exception on the chicken - but is that really the centerpiece they're looking for?.I went to Emeril's with a group of 5 other girls on a recent vacation to New Orleans.  We were greeted by a very enthusiastic server who from the get-go was very informative without being too pushy.  Overwhelmed by the very extensive wine list, we were given a lot of time to look through it and were given recommendations based on our preferences towards wine.
Unsure about what to order, we were given a rundown on what dishes the restaurant does best.  For apetizers 2 of the people at my table ordered the Creole seasoned calimari, and I ordered the Baby Spinach Salad.  I tried the calimari and it was delicious -- just crunchy enough and the spiciness of the creole seasoning not too overwhelming.  The salad was absolutely incredible.  It was light and refreshing with strawberries, goatcheese, and almonds, and I can't remember what exactly the dressingn was called, but it had a bacony flavor that rounded out the whole thing.  I already wnat to plan another trip down there just so I could eat it again
For entrees, two in our group ordered the seafood carbonara, another two ordered the pork chop, one ordered the sweet and sour lobster from the small plates section of the menu and I ordered the moule frites.  I tried a piece of the porkchop from both plates - one was super juicy while the other was a little dry.  I think it had to do with the varying thickness in how they were cut.  There was a slight sweetness to them which was delicious (I don't think I've ever eaten a sweet porkchop before).  My two friends who ordered the seafood carbonara both enjoyed it - they said it was spicy, but their only issue was that it was a very heavy dish.  My other friend liked her lobster, however, they were right, the portion is very small.  My moule frites were great - the broth for the mussels was sweet and had a spicyness to it at the same time, and the fries had good flavor. Though listed on the small plates menu it was a pretty filling portion.
Overall it was an amazing meal. Not to mention the restaurant is beautiful and the service superb.  Would definitely go back on my next trip to New Orleans!Delmonico will always be my favorite Emeril restaurant in the city, but a group of us went to Emeril's the other night and it was a very nice experience.
It was a Monday night and the restaurant was packed full of people. I was really glad we had a reservation.
We started out with some cheese for the table. We got the Manchego Curado (Spain), Delice de Bourgogne (France), and L'Amuse Signature (Holland). They were delicious and went great with the housemade jams.
I ordered the roasted and fried chicken, and the collard green mac and cheese was delightful. K had the Andouille Crusted Gulf Drum and ate every bite. Some other menu items that looked really good are the Roasted Grand Isle Shrimp and the Lacquered Duck.
We were really too stuffed for dessert, but the whole table shared an order of Emeril's Banana Cream Pie. The staff also brought out some ice cream for the birthday girl in our party, even though we did not let them know ahead of time that we were celebrating her birthday.We were not prepared for the best fried chicken we have ever had! Especially when we went in assuming this restaurant would be a creole / Italian fusion. 
It was not. But that's ok!
The truffle fried chicken for 2 with all the fixin's was enough food for 3. Not complaining there! It also happened to be the most tender, delicious, flavorful fried chicken I have ever had. Wow. Wow. Wow.This may be the best prix fixe lunch in NOLA.  We did not have time this trip to do Emeril's for dinner so we opted for lunch.  They serve a three-course lunch for $22.50.  What a bargain!  The atmosphere is classy, excellent service, and awesome food.  Highlights for us were the duck mushroom toast, mussels Etouffee, and chocolate peanut butter pie.  Plan for an afternoon nap to recover.Bbq shrimp. Duck wings. Appalachian and euphoria cheeses. Lobster tchoup. Pear flower.  Yummmmm. Everything. Absolutely delicious. Our servers were Blaine, Taylor and Alexos..all very attentive and polite. The service at emerils is unlike anywhere else!We decide we needed to have a nice dinner out while visiting NOLA & choose this place & boy were we glad we did !! 
My friends & I were here this past wknd for the memorial holiday. Reservations seem to be a must since when u call they are likely to tell u that they are booked but if u don't mind u can always sit by the bar area the have table & offers the same full menu. 
We started w some drinks, the Emeril tini was delicious & the bread selection was great , the olive bread & corn bread were the best.
Appetizers we went with 1) "Emeril's" New Orleans BBQ Shrimp
w Petite Rosemary Biscuit & Fresh Chives ...amazing , this was delirious the sauce goes great w the shrimp  (2) Crisp Fresh Judith Point Calamari
with Olive Salad, Smoked Tomato Sauce and Parmesan ....wow all that stuff mixed together really gives it a great taste & the dipping sauce adds just a little bit more of a kick very tasty.    
Moving onto our meal , I had the 1) Mac n Cheese w Sauteed Gulf Shrimp Trofie Pasta, Vermouth Cream, Guanciale and Brioche Crumbs... probably one of the best mac & cheese I've ever had great taste w the right amount of cheese blend & nice tasting shrimp. My friends decided on the  
(2) Sweet Barbecue Glazed Salmon w  Andouille-Potato Hash, Crispy Onions and House Made Worcestershire , nice piece of fish very good. 
& Finally the (3) Fresh Angel Hair Pasta w Smoked Mushrooms & House Made Tasso Cream Sauce , appetizer size ...another amazing dish a bit small for the price but very good & flavorful. 
Nice place , friendly service & decent prices ...our meals were amazing if ever in the area again I would probably go back.One of the best meals I have ever had in my life- definitely eat there if you are ever in N'awlins. You can not go wrong with anything on the menu... the soufflé  was to die for (& I don't eat soufflés!)Impeccable service and food! I had the black squid ink shrimp pasta which was incredible! Emeril never disappoints. My family had the burger, gumbo and PO boys which were amazing. Of course we had the banana cream pie which was like dying and going to heaven.Not  a fan!
We didn't have a reservation. Seated nicely at the chefs counter, which is one of our preferred areas.
The service was nice but somewhat lacking. Did not get the attention of cocktail, bread or water refills, etc... We didn't sense the welcoming NOLA spirit.  
There was a Stressful energy buzzing around. Everything plated looked wonderful as we watched from the chefs counter and the kitchen staff is defiantly working hard.  
Unfortunately, the food did not taste great. 
Salad saturated with dressing, was so over-dressed I couldn't eat it. They took it off the bill. That was nice. 
Rib eye tough and salty, swordfish was tough as well. 
Really was hoping to like the restaurant but there is too much of a BAM reputation which was lackluster and disappointing.Double cut pork chop with mole sauce: HUGE. Pretty sure I could have fed myself for a week and my circle of friends on this pork chop alone. Regardless, the sauce is to die for and presentation is top notch. Order as many desserts as you possibly can. Key lime pie: tart and authentic. Peanut butter pie: HEAVENLY and rich. Vanilla bean creme brûlée: the money shot of the dessert menu, FANTASTIC.Just returned from New Orleans and Emeril's was one of 3 excellent dinner locations. We all started with soup and salad which were quite good, especially the artichoke salad. My BIL had the rabbit appetizer which was killer. My entree - the andouille crusted redfish was exceptional. My husband had the trout which was good, but not as good as the redfish. My BIL and SIL were looking at the redfish and the shrimp and the waiter suggested that he could do a mix of the 2 for them. I can't remember how the shrimp were prepared, but they were quite tasty. We had no room for dessert! Our service was professional without being stuffy. 
 For the guy who talked about the napkin colors being random depending on where you were sitting, it's actually based on what you are wearing. Many nice restaurants will give you a black napkin if you are wearing black so that you don't get those little bits of white on your black clothing.
The only con I would mention is that they could stand to have some more value priced wines. Although there were more than the last time we were there, the under $100/bottle selections are few.Two amazing dinners in two nights.  I never go to the same restaurant twice when visiting a new city...that is how amazing Emeril's is.  The service is complete perfection  (ask for Will he's the best) and the front of the house is run perfectly by Kevin and his crew.   The drum can't be missed as well as the signature BBQ shrimp and banana cream pie.  I truly believe I had the BEST overall meal I've ever had in my life last eve when we went.   The night prior we had a sampling of apps and desserts which were out of this world.  The Cajun caviar is as unique as it is outstanding.  The bread pudding (a special) was melt in your mouth dreaminess. Thank you to the entire team for two unforgettable experiences.  We will be back!Thanks Herman for great dining experience.  Fried chicken with Mac and cheese and the wagyu steak perfect. Topped off with the peanut butter pie... am amazing!My wife has been a huge influence on me eating at some classy restaurants.  The first time eating here was for my birthday, so we went all out.  We got the BBQ shrimp appetizer, and I could have drank the sauce, it was that good.  We got this cracklin' salad that was weird because the texture of the cracklin' was mushy.  I'm not sure what we should have expected, but it was what it was.  The entree I had gotten was the redfish, which was stellar.  The wife got the lamb which she loved.  We had the blood orange icebox pie AND the chocolate souffle for dessert to split between us.  The pie was amazing, and we have been back since and had other versions of the same pie and all are delicious.  Back to the souffle, it was fantastic, but we couldn't eat it all.  When the waiter came to clear the plate, I told him that was the first time I looked at food with contempt because I could not eat something that tasted so good.  We basically left with both of us having a food coma.  
The wait staff comes from Cafe Reconcile, and they're all very nice and attentive.  They also do that thing where they take the razor blade like thing and scrape the bread crumbs from in front of you.  It's a white table cloth place, but you can show up in casual clothes.  However, when you're eating at a fancy place, it makes it better when you dress to match.  It's loud in there, but it's because so many people are talking and having a good time.  A quiet dinner would probably be best eaten elsewhere.  You can walk in and sit at the bar tables and get the same food too, so on a crowded night if you just want dessert, that's the way to go.I had high expectations for this place and they were pretty much all fulfilled! Delicious, creative dishes on the menu like the gulf drum served on fried, crunchy potatoes mimicking the texture of.. I don't know, but it worked! Tuna meatballs that still make my mouth water- never seen them on a menu before and I doubt I ever will. Worth a visit if you're in New Orleans, just make sure you get a reservation.First time in NOLA and visiting Emeril's has been on bucket list. BBQ shrimp was wonderful. Sausage, shrimp and oyster gumbo, the flavor was outstanding but there was not one piece of seafood in my husband or my bowl. My husband had chicken and waffles, amazing. I had lobster chop salad. Would not order again. Whatever lobster was on the salad was so small/shredded it could not be tasted at all. Service at the restaurant is outstanding.I have been a huge fan of Emeril from his first show. I have made a multitude of dishes from his cookbooks and placed his restaurant on my bucket list. When we arrived for our 9:30 pm reservation, the door man and floor manager were not friendly and there was no where to sit to get a drink before dinner. We were seated close to our reservation time and we were served by a very friendly waiter. When our appetizers came to the table the salad was wilted and my bbq shrimp were barely warm, not hot. We ordered the pork chop and the duo of beef. I ordered my beef medium well and when it arrived to the table it was medium rare. I sent it back and while my dates meal got cold, they returned with a new plate. The steak was cooked as it should have been but the broccoli rabi was burned and had a handle of thick stem pieces in it. The floor manager was not apologetic for the error and walked away. So after a bad dinner, I did not order dessert.  I just hate that his name was on that because I am sure that if was there it would have been up to par. I won't be going back.Stellar service
One of the best dinners yet (my meal - drum with shoestring taters and grilled veggies - was perfect as were all of my tablemate's meals)
Great company
Extra perk - there was a private party that hired a jazz band, they came in and played during dinner - it was fun to hear them in the other room!Quality service, great atmosphere, and outstanding food and drinks. The andouille crusted drum was absolutely incredible.My husband and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary at Emeril's and could not have been happier. From cocktail to dessert, the service was excellent and every bite was superb.  We were given a bite of crab salad on a sweet potato chip as a special taste to start our celebratory meal and pineapple sorbet to finish. All staff members congratulated us on our anniversary and provided genuine opinions about items on the menu.  As for the food, Emeril deserves his reputation. We loved every bite. I highly recommend the truffle fried chicken for two and the banana cream pie.  I could not have asked for a better way to spend the evening.The ambiance, staff, drinks and FOOD are incredible. It is not a hockey tourist trap. It's a delicious destination for locals and travelers. A nice upscale night out in a calmer part of town. Highly recommendSuper delicious! My friend and I didn't make a reservation, but we were able to sit in their bar area and eat. You would think that these tables would be overlooked by servers, but our service was amazing! Jon and Ryan took excellent care of us. We wanted some wine and the sommelier took his time to educate us about what we were ordering. He was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic.
The food paralleled the service; it was outstanding! We ordered a few small plates: the bruschetta, tuna wraps, calamari, and one of their nightly specials, a pasta dish with scallops. So delish!
The entire staff is very professional. Three managers, Kevin, Kovy, and Marcus, even came over and introduced themselves to us.
I'd recommend Emeril's to anyone visiting or living in New Orleans. It's well worth the price.This was an amazing meal.  I ordered the 3 course meal. I was sitting at the bar over looking the kitchen.  It was great to see the kitchen in action.  More like art than food.  The caprise salad was amazing.  I had the sword fish and the chocolate bomb.  I have nothing bad to say.  No improvements. It was very hot so the French Rose was refreshing.  The service was impeccable.  You can tell that customer service is important.I went with a group of 7 to the Emeril's on Tchoupitoulas Street for lunch.  I must admit, I tend to feel out of my element when it comes to high end restaurants.  Anyway, we did their Table D'Hôte Sample Menu, which was 3 Courses for $35.  Our waiter showed patience with our unfocused group (alcohol works wonders).  The food was good, but too expensive for me.  Overall, we enjoyed the experience.Sat at bar for a quick lunch while wifey had girl time with friend). Have been to the Las Vegas outpost many times, first time to the original. Had the seafood & andouille gumbo (rich and essence of New Orleans) and banana cream pie (best banana cream pie ever). Paired with a glass of Malbec and a Pappy Van WInkle bourbon (with the pie, of course). Service at bar was attentive and fairly knowledgeable.
Will return for a full dinner with wife next time we visit. Great space, great service.Good food though not totally up to expectations.   The restaurant itself is very noisy.  Over crowded.  Definitely not a place for an intimate or romantic dinning experience.Visiting New Orleans for the first time...had to go to Emeril's...and "Bam", it was delicious. We had multiple items and everything was very good to great. For such a good restaurant, prices were quite fair. Definitely a great experience...Food, service, the restaurant itself all good.My family and I recently visited New Orleans for the first time. My husband and I decided to have an alone day and saved Emeril's for our last dining experience. We are so happy we did. Our usual go to where we are from is pretty pricy (well very pricy) where the service is over the top and the food is to die for. So to say the least we weren't expecting what we were walking into. Our service was absolutely excellent at emerils. They literally catered to you and made sure you were satisfied the entire time but they weren't constantly over you hovering. It was the perfect amount of assurance you are wanting in a restaurant. Our wine was excellent and when we were waiting for our table at the bar the bartender was hilarious and professional. Our reservation table was ready right on time. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and his recommendations melted in your mouth they tasted so good. Our food came out in a timely manner and we had absolutely no complaints. We will be recommending Emeril's to anybody and will return when we go to New Orleans again.We hit Emeril's for lunch (we ran out of touristy things to do in the FQ, so we wandered through the Riverwalk mall). We were a bit surprised, but we enjoyed this meal the most.
They were experimenting with a new mole/tamarind sauce with their huge pork chop and the presentation just wowed us. The roasted potatoes underneath were also tasty.
The fried drum dish wasn't nearly as good looking, but this was the first time I've tried drum and I'm surprised how good it tasted (I've always thought redfish was bland so expected drum to be relatively bland as well). The potato sticks were a cute way to do fries that were a lot crunchier even when in the sauce for a while.
This was also the first time we've had banana cream pie and we both loved it. The mix with chocolate and caramel was great. I looked up the recipe when I got back and know why it tasted so good now ;-)Nice place to celebrate special occasion or business dinner.  Elegant decor and attentive service. Reservation recommended.
The drum (fish) dusted with andouille was incredibly fresh and tasted amazing.  Normally I don't like anything "heavy" like nuts, cheese or heavy cream on fish but the andouille was subtle and added great flavor. The seafood gumbo was earthy and had just the right spice.  The tuna in bib lettuce appetizer was healthy and good.
Several in my party ordered the fried chicken, which is served family style. It includes sausage, corn and crawfish.  Although tasty and a great value, definitely not what I would go to this restaurant for. The crawfish were over cooked (mushy) and reason for 4 stars v. 5 stars. Almost a sin in NOLA to mess up mud bugs:)
Wine selections were great. Cloudy Bay sauvignon blanc and Britt (I think) Grenache, which was perfect with seafood.
My group loved the key lime for desert and I enjoyed the rum cake.  Overall very good experience!Had lunch here yesterday and what a great time it was!!! Had calamari,chicken & waffles , and banana cream pie!!! Have NEVER had any as good anywhere. I would give this place a 12+ rating on a 10 point scale!! Our wait staff, Patrick( 1 cool dude), Heather( cuter than a bugs ear) & Trey( hippest of the hip) were above and beyond the call of duty with their wait skills!!! if you are in "The Big Easy" and don't stop here you have wasted your trip!!! By the way Emeril, they all love youCharles & Annette from New MexicoWe were a group of five in from Boston and we all loved Emeril's New Orleans!!! From the welcoming at the door to the have a good night and good bye it was a great experience. Better than the Jerry Maguire movies line "you had me at hello'. There was never a bad moment start to finish it was great.
The staff were friendly, accommodating, attentive, informative and genuinely nice. Our server helped with ingredient information, allergy concerns, best suggestions and recommendations.
Some got the gumbo of the day, chicken and sausage gumbo. They all loved it and said it was fabulous. I ordered the lamb tacos, I was a little nervous on how the ingredients would come together and was relieved when three small ones were served to me thinking I could give one or two away if necessary. I know, I'm quite clever. However they were gone before I could even think to share. Honestly my salmon dinner, delicious as it was did not rival my love for the lamb taco. 
My next move after this review is a google internet search for those tacos!!
They were out of the quail that night if it helps future potential customers on knowing what is most popular on the menu, that was my item of choice. Disappointing but good you those who will read this and are interested.
Not one person had a negative comment, start to finish, amoung a group of five. So for each and every one of us we all agreed it was a five start experience!!
Thank you Emeril's in NOLA!First of all, I need to say that the fact that we got to dine at the kitchen counter definitely enhanced our entire experience at Emeril's. So if possible, request for seats at the kitchen counter.
Our entire experience at Emeril's was nothing short of wonderful. Our server was quick and professional the entire time, although she only remembered to bring our amuse bouche after our appetizer but that wasn't a huge deal since she was great and very attentice for the rest of our evening there.
Sitting at the kitchen counter, we got to see the entire kitchen in action. Right in front of us was the station that prepared the grilled meats and seafood bouillabaisse. On our left was the station that prepared grilled fish, shrimps, etc. To the right was another preparing other foods. It was very exciting and amazing seeing them seasoning the meats, grilling them, and then plating them. We even chatted with the cook that was preparing the food at the station right in front of us and I said to him "Sorry I can't stop staring at what you're doing!" He laughed and said "That's OK, I'm used to it". I also asked him if Emeril's personality is really like what you see on Food Network and he said yes pretty much. It seemed like they all like doing what they do in the kitchen so that's really cool too. Note: despite all the grilling and intense cooking going on in the kichen, we didn't even in the least bit smelled any of the cooking or smoke although we sat at the kitchen counter. They really have must have some intense thousands of dollars ventilation system going on in there...hmm.
On to the food: Emeril's changed my impression of cornbread. First of all, I don't even like cornbread but I loved their cornbread (very unlike me to say this!) and the texture was like soft cake. Also, I never really was a fan of gumbo (what?! I know...) but I really liked their chicken gumbo. My duck breast was done medium rare and it was so good with the right amount of moistness in it. My husband was very happy with his roast filet of beef.
Before our dinner at Emeril's, I thought it was one of those places where you just have to go because it's hey, Emeril's. But really, this place deserves the recognition it gets based on its food quality. There's a reason why he is on Food Network. And this flagship restaurant of his keeps up to standards.Emeril's New Orleans the flagship for lunch. After being blown away at NOLA, I was excited about this. As a huge Emeril fan I had to go to the original. Loved the cornbread and potato roll. Again, nothing is ordinary at Emeril's restaurants. We had the lamb spare ribs and the abita root beer braised fresh bacon salad. EASILY the two BEST appetizers of the trip. If you go here get these do yourself a favor. Unfreakinbelivably amazing. 
For entrees, my dad went with the chicken and waffles and I ordered the ribeye off the dinner menu because I am a pain in the ass. They didn't even blink an eye and granted my request. Dad's chicken and waffles were fantastic. The chicken was deliciously juicy dark meat and the waffles had bits of corn in it. All was accompanied by a great sweet and spicy maple syrup infused with crystal sauce and a watermelon cole slaw whose coolness was a nice counterbalance to the spicyness of the hot sauce. My ribeye was great also. It came with arugula and tomato salad with gorgonzola, bacon lardons, and the best roasted potatoes ever. Portion was very generous and cooked to perfectly rare as I had ordered again. 
Dessert was something I was looking forward to my whole trip. This was our last meal of New Orleans, so this was the last thing we would put into our mouth. The signature Banana Cream Pie. What a masterpiece. Everything I love or really anyone would love in a dessert. Banana, whipped cream, chocolate shavings, caramel sauce? Umm delicious yes please!!!! I'll have some more. All of this pressed into a graham cracker crust and I was singing I'm in heaveeeeeeeeeeenn, I'm in heavennnn. As if that wasn't enough I had to guild the lily with white chocolate, bourbon chocolate, and the special milk chocolate peanut butter ice creams. What a fantastic finish to a fantastic trip.
Thank you New Orleans. You were terrific..delicious. I will be back and I cannot thank you enough. I can't wait!!!!Bam.....well, not in a good way.   Not impressed at all.  Went to Mr. B's last night, and then Emeril's tonight, and by far Mr. B's was better.
Visiting New Orleans I had high expectations for Emeril's....and was so looking forward to it.  We got 4 meals amongst us, and none of them even compared to Mr. B's.  
I'm guessing Emeril is too big to know what his restaurants are like....maybe he visits once a year or something.
Well, don't believe the Bam!  I would recommend Mr. B's over Emeril's any day.This is one of the best restaurants I have ever ate at. This is my second time eating here but the first time was a long time ago. To start I ordered Duck Wings. I highly recommend these. They were amazing and a must order. The sauce really made this dish special. For my entree I ordered Sweet Barbecue Roasted Salmon and that also was amazing. I recommend it as well. It was cooked perfect and the skin really made it. For dessert I ordered Emeril's Banana Cream Pie another dish I loved. All three dishes were outstanding and something I would ordered again. I highly recommend this restaurant.Sat down and was served cold and hard bread. Sent it back. Ordered the bone-in fillet and it was cooked perfect medium rare but it sat in a ton of oil and it ruined the whole experience. Waiter was really nice but my food experience was just so so. So bummed.delicious food; rich flavors; EXCELLENT service.  A bit on the pricey side, but whatever.  Ya gotta go.Awesome! Service was great, no complaints lunch was perfect, Order whatever on the menu and you will not be disappointed, we also ate at Commanders Palace the day prior and felt the service was far better than CP.  The cappuccino we ordered was OK but nothing to rave about.Ah, everything was so good here! This is such a fun and open restaurant. Although it might seem touristy, it was well worth all the buzz. First, the fresh bread basket was superb, try the corn bread! The shrimp appetizers was nice in a red sauce that was delicious. My salmon was amazing, would highly recommend. Then the fried lobster was soo good. Finally, for dessert, I would recommend the PB pie. It was the lightest and fluffiest cheesecake ever, almost like soufle. Absolutely go here for lunch or dinner. Also, fantastic service!I enjoyed lunch at Emeril's while in NOLA for homecoming festivities at Xavier University.  On this particular occasion I must admit that I enjoyed the drinks better than the eats!  The BBQ shrimp, gumbo and bread plate were OK but fell short in the area of flavor.  The food was not bad just not the specialness diners have come to expect.  However, the white peach martini and espresso martini saved the day!  I would definitely return for the cocktails & ambiance!  
Service - A+
Setting - A
Value - B
Food - CFinally decided to try this after receiving a gift certificate from a friend.  The service was great as were the dishes -- my biggest mistake was filling up too much on the delicious bread where I almost didn't have enough room for the main course!  The desserts were also awesome!I must be fair. My dinner at Emeril's, while expensive was truly an awesome dining experience. I had a perfectly made Manhattan classic cocktail to start. The BBQ shrimp appetizer, Drum fish on shoestring fries and banana cream desert. Everything was delicious and the service outstanding. 
The bar was set very high and Emeril's cleared it with room to spare.
Thank you Emeril's.Outstanding food and potions make the price worth it!  Service is top notch both professional and friendly!!Visiting NO we had a group reservation at Emerils flagship.  We started with apps.  Very unimpressed.  Bbq shrimp horrible presentation and mediocre taste. Calamari was tasteless. Then comes the salads.  The house salad was just ok.  The best salad was actually good. The Capresse was just ok.  And the wedge was not anything special.  
For dinner i got the famous fried chicken. It was served like warm but It was great.  The mac n cheese is off the hook.  
It's a solid 3 stars.We ordered from the Lunch Menu. I am only rating Emeril's  three stars because of the " Chicken and Waffles". Since I am not from New Orleans, I was dying to try "Chicken and Waffles".  We  were  soooooo disappointed that the chicken was NOT breast meat. Also, the waffles, although tasty,  were tiny and flat.  However, we also ordered the Homemade Sausages are they were delicious. Service was excellent. 
Overall, this is a great restaurant. My suggestion, ask questions and if you don't like the dark meat of the chicken, don't order the Chicken and Waffles.
We would definitely return.Went for my husbands birthday, and every was amazing !! Our waiter was great ( I wish I could remember his name :( )and so was the bartender Dave.The duck is amazing, I mean so AMAZING!!!  The crawfish app is a must try.  When I come back to new Orleans, I will defiantly be back here!!  Very, very pleased with the experience!!  :-)One of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time. Amazing service with a knowledgeable wait staff (Darryl and Demarcus). The greens are not to be missed. Pork chop....... Great.Excellent food and service! This restaurant came highly recommended and I was very pleased with my dining experience. They also offered an extensive drink menu and a huge drink list!Nice restaurant, the prices weren't that bad, but the food was no were what I would call an experience.  Everything was good with the exception of the creme of mushroom soup (think Campbell's).  Portions were small with the exception of the Andoulle Crusted Redfish which was about right and probably one of the more tasty meals.  We loaded up on desserts and got the pecan pie (not a whole lot better than what the served in the market area and just as small), the chocolate souffle had very little taste, and the banana cream pie which was very good.  The service was good but great.  Little to no Bam at this restaurant.Hands down the best service ever at any restaurant. The water was never low, plates never stayed on the table if they were empty, and we were allowed unlimited bread. Our favorite was the pork chop+tamarind+mole sauce, BBQ shrimp, tuna+pork belly lettuce wrap, banana cream pie!  Those are all things we would want to order again if we could before we left. Impeccable staff and food!Excellent service, fabulous rib eye, fantastic chocolate bread pudding, and outstanding wine list.I hands down, without a doubt, give Emeril's 5 stars. I have never had a bad meal here. You would think that since Emeril found fame and his restaurants are nation-wide that the original would have slipped. No way! Everything from from the food down to the service is impeccable. 
As far as food recommendations, you really cannot go wrong. But, here are a few of my favs:
Barbecue Shrimp app, the gumbo, andouille crusted drum, char grilled gulf swordfish. And DO NOT leave without having a slice of the banana cream pie!
Even if the food wasn't as amazing as it is, I would probably still go because the staff at Emeril's New Orleans is first class, top-notch. They've had the same people for years and years and I've never once seen anything less than a smile on their faces and giving 110% every time. 
Check out Emeril's... You won't be disappointed.The decor and ambiance were great and there was very attentive service.  Unfortunately, without great food nothing else really matters.
Maybe with all of his endorsements and TV shows Emeril doesn't have a chance to visit his restaurants any more, because several of the dishes lacked the care and supervision I would have expected.
The gumbo was served lukewarm (both in terms of temperature and spice).Went here for lunch while in NOLA and got the Chicken and Waffles and the burger. Both were amazing. As a tourist, you must go here while in the city.Was really excited to eat at Emerils. Husband is not a foodie and being in NOLA, we thought this was a great choice. He could get the Pork Chop and I could get whatever my heart desired.  We were also excited to order the chocolate souffle. Sounded great!
The ambience is very nice and I like the open kitchen - great scene there.
Duck Wings - don't waste you time & calories.
They are so fried there is nothing on there but skin. The sauce reminded me of the chili sauce you get from a bottle. 
I had the Andouille Crusted Drum which I enjoyed. 
Very salty but nice flavor. I wish there were more of the grilled veggies and less of the brown sauce. I enjoyed.
Pork Chop. Too huge. Yup I said it. It's so large that we asked for medium and it came out raw in the center. Send it back for more fire and asked for no extra sauce on it. Comes back out cooked properly but now smothered in the sauce. Husband thought it was too fatty and hard to cut that it turned him off completely.
Moving on to the souffle...
Were waiting and were waiting...no taste.
We poured the chocolate sauce all over it and paid the check.
I know the Banana Cream Pie is the best but it's a city of eating and I just couldn't do it.
I had a terrific meal at the Italian Barrel, review to follow.
Maybe we were there on a bad night but I would rush back.Came here for dinner and was extremely impressed by the food and service! I am a huge Emeril fan and - I'll admit - I had high expectations. 
Some of the things ordered at the table which were outstanding:
Gumbo
Shrimp and Clams in a bag
Elote
Banana Cream Pie
Red Pepper Focaccia Bread
Moscow MuleFancy service. Elegant dishes. Misleading names. This reviews is on the truffle fried chicken for 2 only since that's only what a group of 3-4 human beings could ever consume at one sitting. Translation: if you come in here with your lovey dovey hoping for white glove KFC religious experience you are headed to either a week of chicken leftovers or a TON of wasted food due to its misleading name. 
This dish is massive, 4-5 hefty chicken pieces, 4 pieces of bland fried corn on cob, 1 bowl of hash browns, 1 bowl of spicy baked beans, 4 dry golf ball-sized biscuits, and a mini stack of greens + vinegar to make you feel like this is not actually a heart attack on a plate like you assumed. Chicken alone is easily enough for 3-4 famished adults who just paddled a dingy down the Mississippi with no food for the last month. 
Service is what you'd expect for a white table, high ticket establishment: waiters checking in regularly and filling water before it ever hits half glass. Deserts that look more like art than food. 
Come here for the experience, but ignore the entree names and ensure you have an army of friends/family to help you devour this monstrosity of a gastrointestinal dinner. It's not $60 and lacking a red and white bucket for nothing: you'll need a wheelbarrow to carry yourselves home if you attempt this feast on your own.Outstanding meal, great service glad we had a chance to enjoy this experience. Checking out the menu options before arriving was helpful but i ended up with the fish of the day. Well done chef!Disclaimer: this review is for the banana cream pie only. 
I found out later we got there just as they were closing for the afternoon, but they were too polite to tell us. We had in mind to grab a piece of banana cream pie (which had come highly recommended on several occasions) and take it to go, but once inside, we decided we might as well eat it at the bar. The bartender was courteous and friendly, and seemed as pleased as if we had ordered a few rounds of drinks. 
On to the pie. The presentation was phenomenal as expected. The slice was a good 7" tall, topped with large möbius strips of chocolate shaving. Plenty for 3 to split. Checkered with perfect banana cubes along the face. And it tasted good enough to alter my idea of what can be achieved by a simple slice of a banana cream pie.The list of entrees was relatively short, which I like since there's a better chance of success. The waiter further narrows the focus by emphasizing the famous items: the andouille-crusted drum entree and the barbecue shrimp from the appetizer list.
I went for the whole catch of the day instead, the speckled trout, figuring there wouldn't be too many chances to try this. The waiter helpfully explained that the drum was mild whereas the speckled trout had a stronger flavor best suited for those really into fish.
The shrimp had a great flavor. I have no idea what was in there. Worcestershire sauce? Maybe this a bit like Paul Giamatti in "Sideways" claiming that the wine had a "soupcon of asparagus" but something vaguely reminded me of Asian-influenced peanut sauce. Unfortunately this wasn't a great deal with five medium shrimp for $12.
The fish indeed had a bold flavor and was fatty in sections, so this is worth checking out if you want to veer away from generic mild fish. Beware of the bones. An unexpected delight was the massive crawfish that accompanied the trout.With this visit, we've now been to all three of Emeril's New Orleans locations.  This and NOLA are the two best, although I can't really choose between the two.
Decor and ambiance-wise, I'd put this between the other two New Orleans locations.  It's not as "casual" as NOLA, but not as "white tablecloth" as Delmonico.  I wore a sport coat and dress pants and my wife wore a dress, although we both could have gotten away with jeans.  
Our evening started with a fabulous bottle of 1995 Nuits-St. Georges Premier Cru Burgundy.  It appeared well stored and was drinking beautifully.  According to someone who stopped by our table (the somm?), it was their last bottle of that particular wine.  I'm glad we got it, but I would have had no trouble finding an alternate if necessary.  The list was massive, and although some of the bottles were priced on the high side, there were definitely some good values to be found.
My wife and I both started with salads:  I had the Emeril's Salad and she had the Warm Cauliflower "Caesar."  We both enjoyed them.
After much debate, we both chose the same entree:  the grilled pork chop.  It was massive!  As he set it down in front of my wife, the gentleman told her to "stay focused."  She did and ate way more than she usually does when she gets a large portion at a restaurant.
For a side dish, we had the Mirliton-Andouille Lyonnaise, which was almost a meal unto itself.  Since mirliton is the unofficial squash of the city, I'm surprised we'd never had it during previous visits.  Our server suggested it this time, so we went for it.  It was delicious.   
We didn't need dessert, but there was a king cake monkey bread featured as a special so we couldn't pass it up.  It was also really good.  We stuffed it down before the walk back to our hotel (which made up for two or three bites we ate that evening, despite being at least a mile away!). 
The service was very good.  Our main server struggled a bit with the wine service (she brought out a decanter until the somm told her not to decant a Burgundy and had a hard time extracting the cork), but did a tremendous job the rest of the evening.  The rest of the team with her also did a great job.  
We'll definitely be back next time we're in town!Oh !! believe the hype. Absolutely s wonder experience.. fine dining at its best. Will definitely be back.I am so impressed by Emeril's restaurants in NOLA.
We came here for lunch and had a pre-fixe lunch menu for just $22. Again the service was spot on and made it such a wonderful experience. 
Everything that I had was amazing:
I started with the Arugula salad and it was fresh and good. Solid.
Then for the entree is what made it for me. I ordered the Fettucine Nero and it was so incredibly flavorful and delicious. The pasta is black from the urchin ink. The shrimp, corn and tomatoes were perfect.
I ended with the sorbet which was incredibly fresh. 
The only reason why I can't rate this restaurant a 5 is because what my husband had was lackluster. He ordered the swordfish sandwich and it seemed like the fish was overcooked. But if I rated it on my own meal, definite 5 stars.
Oh! And they serve you 3 different kinds of bread in the beginning, YUM.Had lived in New Orleans prior and had never once been. Came for a visit and went last night. Great atmosphere and the food was the bomb! I would highly recommend eating there at least once in your life.Ordered the Andouile Crusted Drum, really mild, flaky, juicy fish with great outer crunch, touch of heat, really tastyWe had lunch here today and loved every bite.  The food and service were both excellent.  Between the 3 of us we got gumbo of the day, cauliflower and crab bisque, salmon, chicken & waffles, Mac n cheese, chocolate bread pudding, lemon-tarragon icebox cake, and praline pecan cake.  Every dish was off the charts wonderful.  Highly recommend.Emeril himself would be very proud of how his restaurant is being run. The service is very prompt and impressive. From the moment you step in the door you are well taken care of and truly feel like a valued guest. I never had to wait for my drink to be refilled or to be asked if i needed anything else. All aspects of Emeril's, from the food to the decor, is on point. We had the mussell chowder for an appetizer,  drum for the entree, and of course the banana cream pie for dessert; everything exceeded my expectations. At the end of the meal our server shook our hands and thanked us for coming. This restaurant was definitely worth the splurge. One of the best dining experiences I had on my trip to New Orleans.Very good service, decent food, nice environment for a fancy meal.
We stopped by a bit early but were unable to be seated early given the busy-ness of the restaurant. When seated, were addressed by name given our reservation, which was a nice touch. The service was generally good throughout, while the food was decent although not up to the standards I expected given the price point. The calamari appetizer was underwhelming, the breading not particularly crisp, while my swordfish fish of the day entree was a bit overcookied and not as flavorful. The souffle for dessert took a really long time to get to the table, which seemed odd given that we had to order it with our entrees, and when it finally arrived, it was wholly overcooked. It was not eggy at all on the interior and was basically a cake by the time it arrived.
It's a nice place for a somewhat fancy meal (there were children running about and definitely men without button downs and such), but it's a bit pricey for what it is.Service is outstanding. We have 2 waiters waiting our tables. Drinks always refilled. The restaurant is very well designed. Food is fantastic!!!! Banana cream pie is to die for.Great food, excellent service! Fried mozzarella ball, great bread, duck drum sticks, lamb neck nachos, BBQ shrimp, pistachio crusted redfish all of the food was incredibly tasty!!the lunch express menu is a steal.  i love the atmosphere and was one of the best dining experiences i had in new orleans.This place rocks!  
 We had the fried chicken that is covered in truffle pate and  deeeeeeeeee-licious!  This southern girl loved the  collard green mac and cheese!   Awesome!   Beans and slaw needed a little kick to it.  I could eat my weight in their Coconut Sorbet!  I liked the sausage appetizer and the Pho tasted great.
This place was packed and the service still exceeded all expectations. Ty and Blane were attentive and intuitive.  My drinks stayed full.  They were hilarious and kept us in stitches.  Great recommendations and they didn't over sell.  The restaurant was neat, clean and  in great shape!  They ran out of the bread pudding so I had to come  back the next day just to get some!    
Parking is horrendous all over New Orleans - not here!  Free valet!   Emeril thought of everything!
Definitely worth every cent spent here!!!!!!!!You know how Paris Hilton basically has no talent and yet she's famous? That's what I thought of Emeril after eating at Emeril's Restaurant in NOLA. My father raved about Emeril's food from the other locations where he'd eaten, but I was not even slightly impressed. 
I ordered the pork chop. It had too much sauce and that sauce was gross. The kitchen staff gets kudos for the chicken gumbo though. At least I could eat that and it almost lived up to the cheap gumbo I could find at the French Market. If the wine hadn't been good, I would have left this restaurant in complete disappointment. 
The service was ok but not great for such an expensive restaurant. When the server replaced our water glasses, my father's had lipstick on it. Needless to say, I won't ever be investing time or money in Emeril's again. I'd rather drink my calories on Bourbon Street than be disappointed by this pretentious establishment again.Amazing staff. The cooks were fun to watch. Entrées amazing. Desserts to die for. Ambience wonderful. Highly recommend.5 of us dined here tonight and it was a wonderful experience.  All food was perfectly prepared and well servedI had dinner here during Mardi Gras weekend; the service was impeccable and the food was good.  My cousin had the chicken and macaroni, the mac and cheese has collard greens mixed in, which exacerbates the sharpness of the cheese. The portion of chicken is massive, this dish could (and probably should) be shared. 
I had the bucatini and wasn't very impressed. The pasta was dry and when I did get additional sauce I didn't find it very flavorful. The best party of the dish was the generous chunks of lobster.
My mom had the seafood friend rice, it was delicious with generous portions of scallops and shrimp. 
Overall a good experience, don't think I need to go back though.What a nice restaurant! It has what you want..good-to-great food, excellent service and quite good ambience. It is a little noisy for upscale dining, but that's easy to overlook. They aren't fashion Nazis either. If you go there clean and dressed above shorts and t-shirt, you'll be fine. I'm going to try and visit again before I leave the Big Easy. Almost gets the famous five stars!I came here during the New Orleans Coolinary special which offers high end restaurant menu items at a heavily discounted price, albeit off of a limited menu. My girlfriend at the time and i came here with high expectations... it is Emerils in NOLA, its has to be great right? Yes, it was. I had a delicious pasta dish while my girlfriend had shrimp creole. Every item we had was phenomenal. The desserts were also to die for. The seating was odd and the restaurant was empty when we went.  We sat in front of the kitchen and it was quite a show to see the chefs preparing the food. All in all it was a meal i will not forget and was certainly one of the best meals i had in New Orleans.  Although it may be overpriced and touristy, it is Emerils, and you should be thrilled with the service and quality you come to expect from the restaurants namesake.I went with a large group of 50+ and dined on a fixed menu. The atmosphere was as expected for an Emeril brand (i.e. buzzing with a lively energy). The wait staff was pure southern hospitality. 
The food was slightly above average. We had gumbo as an appetizer, which was a bit on the salty side. I chose the seafood fettuccine, which was appropriately portioned for me though may seem small for others. I did not care for the noodles (why were they black?) but the seafood and sauce were cooked harmoniously. A large heavenly  slice of banana cream pie ended the night.
Good job, Emeril!Came for a friend's Bday dinner.  The entire atmosphere was as upscale as you would imagine.  Interior of restaurant was funky and cool, awesome artwork.  Loved the open kitchen so you could watch as they were cooking.  Wine list was of course amazing.  We had a great Malbec.  Calamari and bruschetta for apps, both were very good.  Calamari had a green olive base which was yummy.  I had duck for entre.  I love duck, but it's fucked up so easily.  Not the case of course.  Super moist and savory.  And of course we did the tacky "It's our friends bday, can we have candles?" lol. 
Sever was a sweetheart, very attentive.So, I was recently here for an interview and it was delicious. I had some tasty gumbo to start and some "drum" aka local fish for the main course. The drum had a great dry rub. It wasn't very big, so I was pretty hungry later on, but that's to be expected from a fancy place. 
Real reason why I'm writing a review for this place...Jamal Mashburn was sitting at the table next to me. Yeah, that's right... I'm a celebrity slut now. Actually, the funniest part was that he was surrounded by 3 super old dudes. Kidding...it was actually interesting to hear from folks that live in NOLA that celebrities like the city cause people don't bother them much. I thought that was pretty cool.Best service I have probably ever had at a restaurant. The duck entree and fried chicken entree were also delicious. Great environment and overall wonderful experience!One of the best food and dining experiences I have ever had. From the time we entered the resteraunt to the time we left. Everyone was so nice, dillogent, and caring. We were seated by the counter seating in front of the kitchen. It was awesome to view the efficiency of the chefs in the kitchen. I would highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orlean's. Shout out to Scott who made each one of the ladies I was with feel like a .Dining with a flair! We came for an anniversary lunch and had a lovely meal with one blip. Three of the four of us ordered soup. Two were hot tasty but mine was lukewarm and tasted tangy to the point of sour. They removed with no problem   We began with orders of barbecue shrimp- a signature dish- flavorful and not overpowered by the sauce. I had a lovely trout dish; others had The Who Dat burger, chicken and waffles and gumbo. Everyone e was pleased with the flavors and presentations. 
For our anniversary dessert we shared chocolate peanut butter pie. I could simply live on that! And Emeril's banana cream pie. Also very good but I wouldn't move into the pie as I would with the chocolate peanut butter!
This lovely anniversary lunch was provided by our daughter and a friend. It's great to have people who know  how to do a great present!We had a fabulous experience at Emeril's.  We came just for dessert and coffee because my sister really wanted to try the banana cream pie (we were visiting from Toronto).  We were not disappointed!  The service was second to none, despite the fact that we arrived at 9:30 pm on a Monday night looking just for dessert.  Laura was a fantastic server.  The banana cream pie was delicious, I had the smores ice cream sandwich, and my mum had the pavlova.  All three were absolutely delicious and worth the price.  It was a fantastic experience and I look forward to visiting again and eating a full meal there!I have put off eating at an Emerils restaurant the entire three years I have lived here. I mean, I like Emeril just fine. But, I figured the places were overrated at this point. My parents have been several times and rave about it but I was not convinced. My coworker says it is the worst place ever. I finally decided I had to try for myself. 
Our party consisted of four adults. We put on our fancy clothes and headed on over. FREE valet parking was very nice. From the moment we handed those keys over until the moment we picked them up, we were showered with top notch service. 
I was impressed by  the attention to detail by Emeril's staff . When we sat, they placed our napkins in our laps. Black napkins for those wearing dark colors, to avoid white lint I presume, and white for the rest of us. Our waiter's were knowledgeable and attentive. I like that every plate is placed simultaneously on the table. Special touches like this just add to the over all ambiance of the place. 
The food, oh the food. Our table had the mac and cheese, the shrimp and grits, a steak and the pork chop. We were all very pleased with our meals and just as happy to try everyone else's food.  Can I just tell you that the pork chop was one of the top meals I have ever consumed? So tender and flavorful. The steak was seasoned and cooked to perfection. My only complaint with the grits was that there were not enough! I am kind of picky on grits and these hit the spot. The mac and cheese had a wonderful flavor as well. 
We were off to an event after , but decided we had to try the banana cream pie. Heaven. Pure heaven. I don't even like bananas!.Several visits never disappoints. Wine list is very extensive. Service is outstanding room very comfortable. A NO jewel!I have been here a few  times and they don't get the simple things right. They bring out things cold including coffee. My last visit a week ago; I was picking up a slice of banana cream pie. At the bar I noticed a mouse run from the bar to under the reception both. I alerted the hoists about this and she seemed to be unconcerned. My advise is to avoid this place and if you find yourself there for some reason order something that comes out of a sealed can.Awesome food! Clearly a little bit of a tourist trap, but for all the right reasons. I had a three course lunch special and my fiancé had chicken and waffles. Everything was truly amazing- my pasta was full of mushrooms (which I hate) and I ate them anyway because they made this dish complete- so good!
Service was extremely attentive, to the point I had to ask a waiter not to refill my water glass as I'd had one sip since it had last been refilled.
Definitely a must on any trip to NOLA.Quick note before you read my review: I am from San Francisco therefore my style and taste is may be slightly different. Your opinion may be different and that is okay.
Environment
It's very classy, but there is no dress code, making it very friendly towards tourists. The atmosphere is very carefree, relaxing, and friendly. The walls have wine cellars, and the lighting is semi-dark but isn't completely dark in comparison to other fancy restaurant. The restrooms are very nice, but are not regularly checked on, leading to empty toilet seat cover boxes. Also, there are private rooms available.
Food
The portions are huge for a fancy restaurant. The presentation is beautiful. Bread is given along with the entrees not before.
Items I ordered:
1. Andouille Gumbo: good mix of spices, best gumbo around, sausage is tender
2. Kale Salad: amazing dressing, don't personally like kale but this salad was amazing
3. Boar Ragu: sweet, tastes like barbecue pulled pork on top of pasta, not very impressed
4. Chocolate Soufflé: worst soufflé i ever had, completely overcooked, hint of lemon, tastes like a brownie with warm chocolate syrup in top
5. Crème Brûlée: just right, smooth, only comment: sugar isn't warm on top
6. Banana Creme Pie: its pretty frozen, the creme is like ice cream it's not soft, tastes like an ice cream cake, tastes like it came out from a fridge
I highly recommend the gumbo, kale salad, and crème brûlée here. I do not recommend the chocolate soufflé.
Service
The service here is great. The waiters are always there, refilling your water and taking your plates away. Everyone is always smiling and making fun little jokes here and there. Also, the food comes out reasonably fast.Dessert is what you come for. And I've come JUST for the dessert. Banana cream pie hands down is divine. They recommended this other ice cream sandwich dessert that bear Bonny Flay in smack down, but we should've just ordered 3 orders of the banana cream pie. The chunks of banana in the pie. Coupled with the crust...oh so good.I visited he recently and although I enjoyed it I was not blown away.  The service was amazing it felt like I had a team of servers waiting on me.  I had the Mac and Cheese with seafood.  It was ok for what it was. 
Some of the food was a little salty and it gave me crazy heartburn later that night. I would give it another try just based on the extensive wine list and the super attentive service.I'm in New Orlean's for business and had to do something touristy, so I figured I would try Emeril's. They have 5 star service and the atmosphere is nice but the food was disappointing.  It's not that the food was bad, but it just wasn't special. If you want to experience the place, go for a drink and order an appetizer at the bar.  Main courses are not terribly expensive, but the signature fish dish was not worth the money or calories.The sausage appetizer had some awakening flavors. The Strip Steak was perfectly cooked and delicious-- not sure I liked the consistency of the enchiladas served with the steak. The Banana Cream Pie is TO DIE FOR. The cream is not so sweet but when a bite is mixed with the sweet bananas, whipped cream and chocolate shavings, it's the perfect combo-- a must-have!  The service is on the money-- it seems intentionally Overstaffed and we never felt rushed or ignored. Kesha was excellent and answered all of our questions in full.Horrible experience!
We showed up without a reservation. Hostess said to wait at the bar - seats we first come first serve - so fine.
20 minutes later the group we were hanging with to get the seats were getting ready to leave - the manager comes up and says these two bar seats are reserved for a party with a reservation - we have to wait longer complete BS - Emeril is my favorite celebrity chef but completely disappointed in the mismanagement at this location. We left and had a great experience somewhere elseMy wife and I literally walked in off the street without reservations.  Granted it was after 9 PM and we were just looking for a night cap.  We were immediately seated at a table in the bar and although it was late (relatively speaking), we were served food.  We ordered a couple appetizers, lobster bisque, and wine and it was all very good.  As much as I beat up on chains, I'm a Emeril fanboy from when he worked at the Commander's Palace, so I made an exception, lol.