Honestly don't understand why there are any bad reviews here. I come here at least twice a week or more and the coffee here is the epitome of perfection, I'm obsessed with their almond croissants, the staff is always so lovely; shoutout to Andy he always makes me different latte art every time I come in. (Unfortunately, I only have one picture in my phone)I was here for a weekend getaway and stumbled upon this delight. I was truly glad I stopped by! 
The food is great, the baristas are friendly and polite, and it's in a great location. 
Come here. That's all.Awesome staff. Super friendly and courteous. Cookies are amazing and coffee kicks ass! Free WIFI and a great spot to take a breather from venturing the French Quarter!My credit card expired and they gave me the coffee and told me not to worry about it is was on the house. Wow what customer service. Not to mention the nice vibe there and the piping hot cup of Joe was delicious.This shop was great! The staff were nice, the coffee was flavorful. I had normal black coffee and my friends got chicory. They also had a great cookie selection! I tried the white chocolate raspberry cookie but wish I'd gotten chocolate chip. These are unusually big cookies, not the crunchy kind. Of the French quarter coffee shops, this was my favorite.Great little cafe in French Quarter, full bar, great cookies and treats and coffees.  Very friendly service.  5:30pm on rainy Tuesday completely empty.Vegan sweets!  Amazing ones.   Great variety of hot and cold drinks.   Very cleans space with art for sale on the walls.   Bathrooms spotless.  Friendly staff and good service.   The hummingbird cake made me weak in the knees!   Will definitely be back.Small and clean, open air espresso bar with good breakfast food and friendly staff. Iced coffee and scones to start the day in a classy joint!Love the open air ambiance, the bikers, joggers passing by and coming in, great coffee.  The breakfast sandwich on whole wheat toast and cheesy grits was great.  DH was OK with his French toast, but says he likes his custardy version better -haha.Cute, quaint, edgy, fun. Delicous, quality, cool. It was REALLY nice to find this craft beanery exactly where we needed it. The Barista was really nice, and super cool, interesting note - we got the recommendation from one Nola's finest... free WiFi makes it great!!! Yay !!! Can't wait to return!!!!Cute little place. The staff is really friendly. There's a great variety of stuff from delicious coffee to breakfast sandwiches on tasty biscuits (served all day) to paninis to beer on tap.  We'll definitely be back!Cool little spot, but I got a sandwich, and it took me 30 minutes to get it. However, the coffee is good, much better than Starbucks.Quick stop for coffee! Best flat white I've ever had! Iced mocha was very good as well! A must have if near by for a delicious caffeine fix!Found this gem using Yelp. Staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming. We had the Healthy Stack and the Bagel and Lox. Both were really good. Our server told us, "If you don't think it's great I'll make you something else."  Great food and great service made for a great start to the day.Oh how I love fresh coffee or maybe I want a beer on tap or both...hmmmm. Think I'll have a panini sandwich or maybe Hummus? This is not your average coffee shop folks. No Starbucks snobs in sight! Just damn good coffee with ridiculous options like Parish pale ale on tap. Maybe  a shot of Jack Daniels in your espresso!Sweet little coffee shop, staff was friendly and the iced mocha latte was... yummmm. Also had a little breakfast sandwich and enjoyed that as well.This is the perfect coffee shop for the French Quarter.  Creative caffeinated adult beverages to keep you going for a late night and traditional espresso for the resulting recovery the next morning.We came here 3 times during the our trip. They have White Russian Espresso drinks and other great mixes.  Great for cold days!Green with Envie? Stopped here on St.Party's Day for a boost, and found my boost filed with coconut rum. This is a must see Cafe with friendly service, knowledgeable staff, relaxing decor, and delicious boozefilled coffee.Awesome setting and excellent service were highlights of an experience that I rarely find while trying out new shops. I had a 12 oz double americano, served in a mug. It was some of the best espresso I have ever had; savory, full bodied, and exceptionally smooth. One of the baristas even went out of her way to write down vegan options in the area for my partner and myself.The worst Irish coffee ever! Stay away from their alcoholic coffees. Had a cheese Danish pastry. Wasn't anything to rave about either.Surprisingly good coffee shop in the middle of the French Quarter to relax and get some work done with a good cup of coffeeI just had the Irish coffee and blueberry cheesecake and both are to die for!!!
Definitely hit this spot if you need a nice night cap and dessert :)Great coffee shop to recharge during a long day. Ac, plenty of seating, free wifi, clean bathrooms & GREAT coffee.Pros: really good vibe, nice music, artwork on the walls, the iced mocha was delicious
Cons: tables felt a bit sticky (cleanliness?), variety of food items for breakfast, weak AC (doors open)
Overall this was a cool place to hangout. I just got here last night and I was looking for a place to have breakfast. They have a bacon egg sandwich that's pretty tasty, but that's about it when it comes to breakfast food aside from the parfait and pastries. Coffee was great, I tried the iced mocha and it had a very nice chocolate flavor. I'd recommend this place to anybody looking for somewhere that has a Starbucks feel but with a local flair. They lose a star for the weak AC (not too hot today but who knows what happens when the temps go up to 100) and because it felt warm inside. They have the AC running but the entrance doors are propped open and they go all the way up to the ceiling, so a lot of heat comes in.
Try it out! I liked it.I think I now know why beignets are so popular in this town: because there aren't any other good breakfast pastries. This is the third time I have had good coffee and awful pastries. 
I should have known by how sad some of the items looked in the display case, but there aren't many early morning options in the French Quarter.  Many of the breakfast restaurants don't open until 9. The "Apple" Danish I selected was really just a disk of plain bread, not terribly tender or rich, with two chunks of apples on top.My previous 4-star review may have been premature. I have been on a lox bagel breakfast kick for the past few weeks. It doesn't seem to be a popular dish here, at least not at the eateries open at 7:30AM when I need a little breakky before work. I stopped in to Envie to grab my morning coffee, and low and behold they had a lox bagel dish! I was all over it. I was a little disappointed at the price, something like $7, until I got to work and opened the takeout box and heard angels singing: There was so much beautiful lox!!! It was amazing. It came with capers, onions, cream cheese, tomatoes. I had a sesame bagel with it; it was perfectly toasted. I love it when I have such high hopes for something, and the place comes through exceeding all expectations! This will forever be my lox and bagel home. Thank you Envie! Oh and my iced coffee with almond milk was great as usual!Full offer espresso bar + beer and full bar.  Vibe is more coffee shop than other hybrids I've seen.  Staff pays attention and the drinks are made right!Eh. I stopped in mid-morning on a Saturday, looking for tasty coffee and bagels. I did not find what I was looking for.
Coffee: 4/5
Food (Taste): 2/5
Food (Value): 1/5
Starting with the not-so-bad: The coffee was actually pretty good. Decent, at least. I got a large Iced Latte and it tasted good and satisfied my caffeine craving. While I would not go out of my way to get my latte here in the future, I might come back for the coffee if I was in the area.
I absolutely would not return for the food. I ordered a Bagel w/ Lox to go with my coffee. I was not impressed. The bagel was grocery store quality (read: awful), and the lox was excessively squishy and fishy---not at all like lox is supposed to be. The cream cheese had obviously been squeezed out of one of those individual-size round containers---and it had perfectly maintained that shape. And I got about 5x more capers than any person would ever want. Plus the juice of all those capers... Drowning the bagel. Great.
The quality of the food was unimpressive and, for the price, actually kind of offensive. If you want to charge nearly $8 for a bagel, I expect it to be fluffy and delicious, properly toasted, and served with decent cream cheese---not the vaguely slimy product that comes out of those pre-packaged Philadelphia mini packets.
A disgrace to bagels everywhere. But, giving the coffee the credit it deserves... 3/5Popped in for an Irish coffee after dinner. Lovely service, delicious coffee and reasonable prices. Will defo be back!We could smell the coffee as we approached. Sitting in and enjoying a really well made, strong coffee. The staff were super friendly and the bacon and egg sandwich (on a tasty scone/biscuit) was the perfect start to the day. We grabbed a coffee to go on the way out.Very friendly baristas and good coffee. Bakery looks amazing. Loved my peach iced tea. The lattes are also good.So check it. I always got my cafe here and went elsewhere for a breakfast sandwich. No more. I love their omelets. Especially a little joy called big ham and cheddar. Ask for soft. Pet peeve of mine is burnt eggs. My friend who is thinner and can still eat carbs swears by the breakfast in a go cup. Booze. Stays open late. Kinda an indoor/outdoor place. A upper Decatur staple that's always here for me when I need them.Solid breakfast and lunch joint. Can't go wrong with any their omelettes. Don't forget the espresso!Very cool cafe on Decataur. Stopped and had great coffee and an amazing peanut butter chocolate chunk cookie. Place has a good vibe, friendly people, and the bathrooms are nice too!Good coffee is hard to find in NOLA. We enjoyed our macchiato at Envie. It's trendy, the staff are friendly and the coffee is consistent.This cute little hangout place is one stop you need to take! Their foods range from sandwiches, paninis, bakery items, and many more! They are quick and have great prices!This hit the spot for a late lunch with fantastic pulled pork sandwiches and a cold beer.Cute place with good coffee. I was excited to see that they carry gluten free brownies and lemon bars!10 pm.  Not crowded. Coffee alcohol or non alcohol drinks.  Breakfast sandwiches made fresh.  Great.  And we got the panini asparagus and prosciutto, delicious.  Just right for light snacks or a full meal.Amazing place, good music, good price. Coffee and food also really good served by a gentle team. Love it.Not a lot of choice but good little snacks! Expresso machine and different  coffee option.Amazing Coffee, amazing Chai Latte, what can I say, this place has a great breakfast ambience. This place is definitely worth a walk away from your hotel.Holly smokes havent had such a bad service in a while. The bartender and barista keep arguing over smth the barista is: no thank you, no please, just takes a card and have you sign for the tip- It seems like inconvinience asking for food here.We really liked this place. They had a great selections of pastries, breakfast quiche and sandwiches, and other tastily snacks. The coffee au lait was spectacular and the chai latte was also great. They had a nice selection of milks and use organic almond milk. The staff were wonderfully sweet and helpful and made changes to specialize orders without hesitance. We would definitely recommend rising this place.I had a very satisfying latte. It was quick and tasty. It was a really windy day, so I wished they closed the windows/doors.Cute little shop that serves alcohol with their coffee. Although I only ordered an almond milk latte, I just liked having the option of adding something a little extra should I be in the mood for it. Loved the open doors to the patio.Great bar, great coffee drinks. Being a fan of the Big Lebowski I had to get the White Russian which was made to perfection. Quality serviceThis place has a great atmosphere. The friendly staff makes me want to return again. The biscuit and orange juice I had today was delicious. I thought my breakfast was of good value. I'm planning to return again.Perfect little cafe for a quick breakfast and coffee. I got the Eggs Envie and cafe au lait cocoa and both were delicious. The cafe au lait was sweet but not too sweet and the hash browns were perfectly crispy (couldn't stop myself from taking a bite before the picture). Apart from the food, the service was fast and everyone working there seemed really nice. Though it's quite small, there's plenty of seating and the decor is so cute! Definitely recommend stopping by here!!Great little coffee place with excellent iced coffee. Great place to go if you want a cheap, smaller new Orleans breakfast.Great place to sit and work all day. Plenty of outlets and free wifi. Cafe Au Lait with cocoa was great (had two of them) and the french toast with fruit was excellent. Excellent service (put up with my pronunciation of Cafe Au Lait somehow) and good atmosphere.Great atmosphere. Great service. Great New Orleans chicory coffee. Yum!
Clean bathrooms too!This location, in my opinion, is better than the Envie location further down Decatur near the Marigny. This location has a better atmosphere that is clean of gutter punks, and it is just nicer. The menu is the same here, which is great. 5 stars for both locations.Great prices, friendly staff, and nice atmosphere. 
I discovered this location about two weeks ago. I live in MS but my husband has been filling in with his job in the French Quarter so while he's been working here I've been coming to this location and doing school work - sometimes spending 7 hours a day here. 
The workers on the evening shift have been fantastic. The ones that especially stand out in my mind are Yaz, Lindsey, and Chris. I have received spectacular service from these particular workers since I have been coming here. 
I'm mostly writing this review because of Chris. On 3/30/16, Chris was working the evening shift and at the time I was the only customer at your location. I stepped away to bring my husband a drink from here and when I came back in a guy followed me in and sat at the booth with me. Chris could immediately sense my discomfort with the situation and acted very quickly. He asked me if I knew the guy who followed me in, but before I had a chance to answer him the guy said he did in fact know me. I then spoke up and told him that he didn't know me. In fact I had never seen the guy prior to this night. Long story short, I was very uncomfortable and Chris told him that if he wasn't going to purchase anything then he needed to leave. The guy then got very hostile and aggressive towards Chris and was threatening us. It took Chris calling the cops for the guy to leave. The fact that Chris stood up for me and was watching out for me and could have potentially put himself in harms way just to make sure I was safe really means a lot to me, especially since Chris doesn't know me and I have PTSD as a result of a random assault I experienced in the past. 
I can't truly express in words how thankful I am that he was working that night and was watching out for me. People like that are really hard to come by. For that reason alone, I will be a customer for life. 
*While this review does describe a bad event, I want to make it clear that I have always felt safe being at this location by myself and I don't want anyone reading this review to assume that this cafe is in a bad area because that isn't the case. This was simply a random act. 
So, again...thank you, thank you, thank you.Service, food and beverages were fantastic. Also the chill environment within the various photographs hanging on the wall and the benches held together with the pipes were great . The two ladies were helpful in brewing the late coffee just right and the chef in the back hooked the great french toast and egg/croissant. It is worth stopping by either to this location or to the other few blocks down.Lemon Ginger iced tea, thirst quenching and delicious. Highly recommend after a brisk parade in the French quarter, and reasonably priced!My bride and I had an outstanding visit here. Started with dessert, as it should be. :) A huge cup of Royal Chickory coffee, jasmine tea, pecan pie from a local bakery, followed by relaxation and then bagel and lox. Great atmosphere, great prices, great service.Happy to find this coffee shop and they have some delicious food too. At least the breakfast go cup was. Great coffee too!The espresso here was acidic. I'm used to deep rich espresso with bitter and chocolate notes, but here I got a bitter little cup of acid. I would stay away if you are looking for a good espresso in New Orleans.
My friends got an iced mocha and hot chocolate. Both of these drinks were alright, but still excessively sweet.I enjoyed this coffee shop in the French Quarter.
We had the iconic breakfast in a cup, which was SO delicious, except for one thing: the grits.
I was enjoying it so much, until I hit the grits. I would have preferred more eggs in the cup, bacon, sausage, and gravy. The top half of it was SO SO SO good.
I suggest you try it :) just ask for it sans grits, if you don't enjoy them as much as you do!Everything you'd want in a coffee shop. I liked their dark roast; the refill was free so I tried the chicory. It was also just right. Had a very tasty blueberry scone. They have free WiFi, nice tables, and a pleasant, quiet atmosphere. Good place to recharge before or after your adventurous day in the quarter.Love this place. We made this a frequent stop while visiting. At different times I had the yogurt parfait, a danish, a croissant, and a quiche. All were good although I wished there were more berries in my parfait as mine only had peaches and apples. The coffee drinks were also great. Iced Mocha was tasty and one of the days I asked them to make me a Dirty Chai frappucino. They figured it out and it was phenomenal. Great place. Friendly staff.Great atmosphere and great coffee! I love the look inside of the cafe!  Great place to stay and study.  Located in the heart of the French Quarters!Ordered a cafe latte and an decaf iced mocha.  Not good at all.  I ended up not finishing the iced mocha and threw it away.The cafe was nice in a modern industrial way. Coffee was weak and acidic. Staff was unwelcoming.  Tables not bused. They complained loudly in a full cafe that patrons stayed to long. They should be happy anyone comes for the bad coffee and surly service.Definitely pleased with the coffee. The breakfast sandwich was delicious, so much that We came back here almost every morning we were in town. Friendly service and relaxing atmosphereGreat atmosphere. The coffee very below average. Watery flat and (too hot) cappuccino . I like mine rich and  frothy, not flat with some foam on top. Couldn't finish it. Of course I grew up on San Fransisco north beach coffee such as cafe Trieste and cafe Roma where the Italians pass the tech down from generation to generation.   And more recently blue bottle coffee.Awesome space, great drinks, and electric plugs under the table a big plus! We had tea, hot toddies, and a piece of lemon berry cake. All delicious. Only issue was we made a friend with a mouse under the ice machine. Is that a New Orleans thing?Love their chicory cafe au lait and the desserts that they have are yummy  its a nice coffee and espresso place off a busy street.Really chill cool chicks and laid back tunes... Bright and alive and I'm guessing the quiches are great cause they sold out before 9First time visiting this (newer) location! My husband and I love the Nutty Irishman, but all of their coffee is great! The employees are always very friendly also :) would definitely recommend!The nutty Irishman will warm you up on a cold February day. The king cake at mardi gras was pretty good too. Great spot to catch a break when walking about in the French Quarter.Great, cool place! Awesome latte, friendly, and all the things I like. First perfect espresso drink since we've been here! Did I mention the cookies? Oh yum!Really good cappuccinos and a huge parfait made this place a nice find during our visit.  Highly recommended!!Finally a real Cortado in the South.   Why is it all of these fancy "3rd wave" coffee houses in every city I have been in driving through the whole south CANNOT make a decent Cortado ?  They all look great, they charge $4 but when you taste it it's just that old burnt espresso taste.  But Envie can make it spot on.  They not only fill up the cup and don't waste time on stupid "latte art" but it tastes perfect.  Like I'm at the Funnel Mill in Santa Monica or Italy.Delicious cappuccino and some really good cake, too...great music and people watching!Breakfast in a cup was delicious and great for on the go eating! Coffee was perfect, staff friendly and helpful. Sad we didn't find Envie until our last day!Went there around midnight of a weekend. Too bad I couldn't get a sandwich (they serve food until 11 "only"). Yet they served pastry and beverages, which we fully enjoyed!
I had some iced latte and a blueberry cheesecake. The cake was expectedly heavy, but it tasted surprisingly good. Not too sweet, while having various flavors. Latte was not too strong but had a good, refreshing taste. Would love to come back.This is probably one of my favorite NOLA finds. Delicious boozy coffee/tea options and equally yummy brunch food.Delicious, high quality espresso drinks made by friendly and professional baristas. It has a cool, clean interior and for those that like to people watch the front entrance opens onto the street. Try the sausage and cheese biscuit sandwich it's absolutely wonderful!We came for early breakfast before our flight. This place is mostly just a coffee bar though. To that point, the lattes we had were excellent! But the food was not that good. Not any veggie egg sandwich options. My husband had the egg and bacon one. I had a caprese panini. The cheese wasn't melted and the bread was hard. Just not appealing or memorable. Guess that's why the place wasn't crowded and only saw people ordering coffee.I recently stayed at the Bienville House and looking for some great coffee. I look over my balcony and I notice Envie's cute little sign. I stop into Envie prior to exploring the streets of New Orleans and I was immediately greeted by the employees pouring that heavenly goodness in a cup. We stopped by Envie every morning to enjoy their fresh coffee and comfy seating in front of the large windows!Most of the restaurants on Canal Street or near it had lines wrapped around the corner on a Saturday morning . We called this place to find out if they were on a wait , and the girl who answered said a short one. 
The coffee was delicious and so was the breakfast wrap I had. She estimated the food would come out in 20-30 minutes and it came out in 10 instead.
Cute, quiet , and quality little coffee shop.White chocolate... took one drink and tossed the cup.  Had bad cups of coffee before and this one beat those.  Staff and service were great.  Blueberry pie was wonderful.I don't always sit in a coffee shop, get an iced mocha, and journal, but when I travel I do! 
I was walking AWAY from the French Quarter in the midst of a hot Mardi Gras Friday when I decided I didn't want to go to the ATM, walk 0.4 miles back to cafe du monde for their beignets.
I saw envie, I yelped their reviews, saw great reviews, which also confirmed my suspicion that most coffee shops in the city will have chicory flavored coffee. So goodbye cafe du monde. I was drawn in by the 3 large hanging plants waving lazily in front of the oversized French doors anyway. 
My small iced mocha was like $4.60 after tax, so I wouldn't call this $ but $$. My mocha, however, was delicious, fast, and the ambiance chic, comfortable, and chill (yaaaas Oxford comma yaaaaas). 
I liked that it was a good spot to chill away from the Mardi Gras crowds. And when I'm ready to dive back, I'll be close by. :)I walked by twice because there was always a line and only one person working . We finally were able to stop in . The peppermint snapps mocha was amazing . I think I'll return today .It must be said-that on a rainy December French Quarter night a dry warm place is beyond desirable. In Envie we found a brilliant coffee and friendly experience with Lindsey behind the counter. 
It only took us mentioning that we where new to the area to be provided with that southern hospitality that brings people to NOLA.
This location was clean and for tourists or locals alike, an easy place to wait out any storm.Most quaint coffee and breakfast place near House of Blues. Rustic exposed brick wall, handmade wooden coffee bar & unique seating gives an excellent ambiance with excellent tasting coffee and food. This is the place if you want to take a break from the old tired coffee path and relax.So glad we found this place. Coffee was absolutely fabulous. Very smooth and flavorful. They had s variety of food, including vegan bagels which was perfect for food allergies. Service was also great. The barista was cheerful and friendly, and her mood rubbed off on us in the best way possible.My bf and I were visiting Louisiana and on our route back home stopped in New Orleans and found this cafe. I ordered the Veggie panini and an iced caramel latte they were both really good and my bf had breakfast bagel he said was good too. Definitely will be visiting Louisiana again and stopping at this cafe for sure.This a wonderful coffee shop and a welcome alternative to the ubiquitous big chains. Good strong coffee and tasty fresh baked goods. There is a full service bar (alcohol sold EVERYWHERE in New Orleans). The staff is friendly, pleasant and unpretentious. Crowd a good mix of locals and tourists. I would go here often if I lived in this townThis is a handsome cafe not far from the House of Blues. I ordered my iced coffee to go but my sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich in house. The iced coffee was perfect for the warm morning and I appreciate that they put a sleeve on my cold drink because I hate the cup "sweat". I think the breakfast sandwich was a frozen one... I could be wrong but it reminded me of Starbucks' sandwiches. Don't take that the wrong way, I love Starbucks breakfast sandwiches! This was better in some ways, mostly in that it was on a biscuit! The sausage was a little thin for my preferences but it was tasty and I paid about the same for these items as I do at Starbucks. 
They have alcoholic beverages here too! If I didn't have to go to work, I would have tried the Irish coffee or a White Russian. 
There is a bathroom in the back. This is important because a lot of places in the Quarter have signs that say "no bathrooms", or "bathrooms are for employees only",or you need a key or a code to get inside the bathroom. This place doesn't make it that difficult! In my opinion, if you are going to use the just bathroom, leave a tip or buy something--don't take advantage of this luxury!This is a nice and cozy coffee shop just a few blocks off canal. The staff is very friendly and good at making coffee drinks quickly. I got a cappuccino and a bagel. They let you toast your own bagel so you can get the perfect shade of golden brown. The cappuccino was also very delicious and hot. The foam was about two inches thick and a very good consistency. Would recommend if in the area.Super cute little spot on Decatur for a nice sandwich and a good cup of coffee. I went in here to get a warm drink during a storm and ended up staying for about an hour and a half to enjoy the yummy goodness. The prosciutto and asparagus panini was very good and they subbed in portabello mushrooms for the asparagus since it had just run out. I wasn't complaining!My first time at envision and I loved the place. I'm from NYC and a coffee and everything food relate snob but this place in NoLa was a welcome surprise. Would have loved to discover it earlier in my trip.We came here for breakfast to try a different local place. I had the bagel & lox and it was delicious! It was one of the best i had. Their lattes are also amazing, nothing like a Starbucks or a coffee chain latte. 
The staff was very friendly. If you are in NOLA definitely check this place out for a nice local breakfast.Good coffee and friendly, fast service. We were a little earlier in the evening, so we didn't get to try their adult coffee beverages. Would love to give those a taste sometime.LOVEEEE the service, I didn't catch the names of the associates. But the male and female was awesome and super nice. Food was amazing, as well. Great experience for it to be my first time there and in New Orleans. I am most definitely heading back before I go home.Very nice establishment . Clean and very friendly staff. Let me start by saying .. Wow! Lox Bagel was Delicious !! I would not have expected it but just craving for it but it was delicious ! Also had there Irish coffee and they kick it up a notch !! I would definitely come back and try there paninis !!Great vibe. Open doors to ceiling let in beautiful morning light. Excellent coffee (I had the cappuccino and it was perfect). Friendly staff who greeted several regulars by name. True neighborhood feel.DELICIOUS! And reasonably priced. Great service, CLEAN & really good music too! We ordered coffees & breakfast and everything was pretty and tasty.After leaving Cafe Du Monde from the terrible experience we had, we headed here and did not think twice. They serve WAY BETTER COFFEE with flavors and actually taste great. The service is amazing, the location is a little hidden but it makes so a great little cafe. We ordered some panini's and breakfast sandwiches, extremely tasty. 
Definitely visit in the morning for a quick bite and coffee!
Also has AC, nice sitting area. Bakery items and HUGE cookiesIf Envie's good enough for the locals, you can be sure it's well worth the stop. We had a great coffee with chicory here. The avocado omelette was fresh and delicious. The staff seemed to genuinely enjoy their work and patrons. It never appeared to be extremely busy or backed-up.Let's start and say it's in the Quarter's so parking is hard to find.The food is so-so. The coffee is bitter. The ambiance of this particular coffee shop overall is poor. As a customer when I walk into a establishment  I love when someone acknowledge my existence. Overall I'm not returning. A simple hello goes a long way.Really enjoyed this little cafe! It had a great vibe and it was decorated beautifully. Loved how all the doors were open so you had a view of the outside and there was plenty of seating with comfy couches and all.
They had plenty of options for vegans and gluten free which was super nice to find. They also had almond milk which I greatly appreciated. The barista was super sweet and very helpful in explaining all the options they had. 
We ended up with a mocha almond milk iced coffee, an iced vanilla almond milk latte, and an iced strawberry kiwi tea. We all loved our options and were all delicious.Good cafe with ample space and not filled with tourists like other cafes in the area.The vibe of this place is relaxed and cool, with warm and friendly baristas and some great food and drink! If you like chai lattes, definitely get one here - it's the perfect mix of spicy, creamy, and sweet. We got the avocado omlette and the French toast. The French toast is pillowy soft and delicious, and the avocados in the omlette were perfectly ripe. Their biscuits use vegetable shortening rather than from an animal source, so if you're a purist be aware. I'm not sure it's worth the price but it was surely good food. I'd recommend giving them a try.Cool cafe with a great vibe and yummy drinks including great coffee/tea based cocktails. Definitely worth stoping in for warm (or cold- even their caffeinated cocktails can be made iced) beverage. 
Artwork is cool, they have resourceful local newspapers with all sorts of listings of indie events, and there are outlets under each table. A great find for a wandering tourist. Can't comment on the food but the cookies look awesome.Envie was our last breakfast in the Big Easy. Service was friendly, a laid back vibe. Menu board shows interesting choices for breakfast and lunch, from traditional egg plates to tasty sounding salads and sandwiches. The standout here was the cafe au lait. It was hands down the best we've had our entire NOLA visit, and that alone earns the 5 stars.I'm a coffee snob as I have been roasting coffee for 15 years now. I am not a barista though, but I know that the most important ingredient to a great latte, macchiato, cappuccino is an awesome shot of espresso.
Envie is a great spot for a morning coffee around the French Quarters. It is simple, cozy with an open air setting.
The coffee is OK. Not a great espresso shot, but a decent one. They are though, probably one of a few true coffee places to get your morning caffeine fix in the heart of the quarters.... there are not that many around that area.Took about 3 minutes and I had a fantastic decaf iced americano! I added cream. Low acidity; the espresso is smooth and has a mild flavor compared to others I've tried. Will go back!Great place for a lighter dinner. Delicious panini sandwiches. We had the Caprese panini and Turkey and Swiss panini.Delicious breakfast biscuits and good coffee!  It is a small place but they have half a dozen tables and very friendly staff.  Plus, you can get liquored coffee.I love Envie and I make sure to visit whenever I'm in town - and I'm not sure if it's just this location or if they are actually following the Rules - but on this visit I was told I wasn't permitted to get the breakfast in a go-cup served on a plate as it was the signature dish. I don't understand why I can't get the items from the breakfast in a go-cup served to me on a plate if I'm eating in, signature or no. I want to eat off a plate like the rest of my party! I was allowed a plate on the side..... Put me off. Forever.Really cool decor in this place. Lots of old boards and exposed pipe. We came here for breakfast and coffee and ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches. They were so good! Its a biscuit with cheese, eggs, and your choice of bacon or sausage. We both chose bacon and weren't disappointed. Coffee and tea were both great. There are pastries available but we didn't order any. We will definitely be back.We stopped in at Envie multiple times during our stay in New Orleans for breaky. Mostly we did takeaway but we also dined in once. This is a really cute little cafe. It's clean, the staff are friendly, and the food is really good! I got variations of their bagel sandwiches each time. All were delicious! The bagel itself had a good texture and the fillings they used were all super fresh. Together it was a really fantastic, fresh breakfast. A nice change from the generally heavier cuisine in New Orleans. The bf ordered breakfast biscuits - he enjoyed them and thought they were nice. Overall, I would definitely recommend this cafe for a fresh breakfast. We certainly went there multiple times during our stay.What a cute little coffee shop in the Quarter! I liked this place because they are one of the few coffee shops in the NOLA area that serve booze in their coffee... I do not understand why that is? Regardless, I am grateful for Envie. There are two of them, one at the beginning of Decatur and one at the end. I have only been to the 300 block one. The service was great and the irish coffee was pretty good. I do wish the irish coffee was a little stronger and had the authentic whipping cream on top and was placed in a clear glass so I could see the layers, but other than that, it was pretty good in taste. I would like to try the other drinks, especially the rum chatta ones. Very interesting! Love the concept!I liked this place so much I came back twice even though there are so many restaurants in the area. Their coffee is smooth which is my preference. My first visit I got the Eggs Envie and they were tasty. The Veggie Wrap has a perfect presentation and I really liked the melted provolone inside. Also, I wish scones were made as moist in my area (Northern Virginia) as they are here. They are soft and not overly sweet. I also really enjoyed their Peanut Butter & Chocolate Chip cookie. I would say you get what you pay for.I came here one evening looking for somewhere I could grab a quick dinner while getting some work done. This fit the bill perfectly. It was relatively quiet while I was there so I was able to grab a table and get my work done. I was pleasantly surprised with my food as well. I got an iced chai and the grilled portabella and goat cheese panini with a side salad.  The chai was nicely spicy and not too milky like they can be and the sandwich was delicious. The service was fast and adequate for a coffee shop. I would definitely return here if I needed a place to work again!Great little spot to chill out in the morning (or have an alcoholic beverage in the morning). I came here every morning of my trip to get a pastry and a cup of coffee. The food and drink are delicious and the people are incredibly nice. I definitely recommend this spot if visitors and locals alike. Oh! And they play some fantastic music.This is a seriously cool little coffee shop with a great vibe. I imagine the people watching to be stellar from this location while having a nice, hot drink. They even have alcoholic versions of their delicious concoctions. Check it out as you're walking around the Quarter.After being in the French quarter for three days we figured out pretty quickly that it's hard to find vegan options but this place was so accommodating (they made their vegetarian options vegan for us) and the people that work there are so sweet and on top of it all the food and coffee are delicious!I seriously wish I had this cafe back in NY. 
I love good quality strong coffee, and the coffee here surpasses anything at Cafe Du Monde. 
The food was excellent: the eggs flavorful, steak very tasty, biscuit and hash browns....nothing at all disappointing. And lots of cozy seating space indoors our outdoors. Breakfast served all day!! They even have alcohol and dessert. I'm gonna miss this place.Five stars for the breakfast 'n a go cup! It had cheesy grits on the bottom then layered with eggs, sausage gravy and a couple of slices of bacon! Yum! What a great idea. If you really want to have the full New Orleans breakfast experience then add a biscuit! Nice casual place for breakfast. Loved the open and airy atmosphere here. Great customer service.Awesome customer service (not hipster pricks like some other nearby spots). DELICIOUS drinks & food. Go check it out!Phenomenal coffee in a beautiful space. Tall ceilings, exposed brick. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Obsessed with their frozen cafe au lait!Best coffee and kindest baristas in the French Quarter! Both the lattes and the drip coffee were excellent. I truly felt welcomed and cared for here, unlike at their other location farther up the street.A cute, but cozy place. A book left on each table to read as you enjoy your favorite coffee drink! They use a good blend of coffee and the espresso is rich. Lovely coffee shop!Iced coffeewas great. You can get boozy coffee too. Best breakfast! They know how to layer it up- literally in a Go cup, so you can enjoy on the move or as take out.Oh what a sweet spot total pun intended.
The two baristas that were working in the morning of Sunday, July 2 were phenomenal. They were just chatty enough, very friendly, and just had a nice welcoming warmth to them.
Their pastry selections for gluten free and vegan options were plentiful.
Of course, it being New Orleans, alcoholic coffee drinks were on the menu as were your basic coffee pours. Justin and I loved our lattes and enjoyed sitting in the chairs that opened up to the street to watch the slow morning movements on the streets.
It was a great vibe inside and out. Very charming.Thank goodness for awesome coffee. Caramel mocha yummy. Had bagel with lox. Very very good. Parfaits were good too. I was a little surprised with the cost but then again we are in New Orleans. Was looking for a good breakfast and well this place was in a good spot.  The waitstaff were pleasant and good came out fast. So that was a plus.  Would like to give 2 1/2 stars bc I do believe be they could be a little less expensive but that's just me. Decent. Recommend but maybe only if like us you were that hungry. Better stuff elsewhere and for less. But when you're hungry you find what's available.It's a great place to plug in and work. They have wifi, and plenty of oulets.
We had an iced coffee so we could use the bathroom. It was pretty clean.
On our way out, we overheard a couple asking about gluten free pastries and the cashier said they didn't have any. I think they run out pretty early as this town doesn't seem celiac friendly.I love this cute place.  Very friendly atmosphere and the food is really good and comes out fast.  Ate breakfast there everyday and loved the strawberry kiwi tea.  Highly recommend this place.muffins are great..the service as great too ....I love Envie Expresso Bar.... i get muffins everyday...and everyone is very nice  JosephThis amazing cafe was located next to our hotel Bienville House and I have to say THEY ARE WONDERFUL. So much so, we (69 year old mother and my 71 year old friend) ONLY ate there for breakfast throughout our 5 day stay. The staff were all super sweet and attentive - great personalities. The cook had the most wonderful smile that greeted us every single time - no matter the time of day. The food always hit the spot and the latte topped it all off. We will be returning to NOLA, expect to stay in the same hotel and WILL be next door every day I am there. Thank you for making our stay complete!Visited here twice now in the mid morning. The atmosphere is awesome. Small, quaint, and relaxing. The lattes are some of the best I've ever had. Food was delicious and fresh.Visit every time we are in NOLA. Excellent place for breakfast or even just your morning coffee.Cute little cafe with excellent espresso & chai tea.  The raspberry lemon scone was also delish!Love this spot. I can't believe that I am just finding it. After so many trips to NoLa. Absolutely delicious latte.  Great charming service and adorable decor. My breakfast sandwich and grits were honestly just ok. But if y'all know NoLa you know it's impossible to find a breakfast place that opens early. So they get points for that too.
I came back today and had the avocado omelet. Omg. So delicious. Get that!!Excellent breakfast, quaint and inviting atmosphere and a friendly and attentive staff.  Been to several places in New Orleans for breakfast and this is one at the top of our list. If you're looking for a little kickstart to your day, instead of regular coffee, try the Nutty Irishman.  It's phenomenal!Delicious coffee and scrumptious pastries. The breakfast omelette (veggie) was good as well. Need I say more?This place had good coffee, friendly staff, and a clean bathroom. My husband enjoyed a beverage from the menu and they let me add kahlua to my hot chocolate.Best coffee I've had since my visit here from California. Highly recommend! The barista was super friendly and quick. Super cute place for pictures as well.Ok stop in to look around decided to try grits with cheese.   Big mistake tasted like someone open a packet and mixed in water tossed in cheese and drought it out.
Grits were not fully cooked, 
Staff was nice enough but come on we're in the south everyone offering grits should know how to to cook grits. Funny part we chatted person taking our order about grits at Cracker Barrel anything had to be better. Well I guess not 
My advice jump on streetcar head out to Camille Grill. Best I ever hadSuch a cute spot! They have free WiFi! Can't beat that. They also have food. I wish they served coffee in mugs instead of to go cups-#firstworldproblems...I know!SO FUN I LOVE!!
great coffee (taste-wise, + the syrup & alternative milk selection was amazing!!) and sweet service. loved it!The good news is that the coffee didn't bother my tree nut allergy. I was worried when the guy wanted a frappe and insisted I order something. I didn't want anything. I'm also hesitant to try new coffee places because of cross contamination with tree nuts (hazelnut and almonds=amaretto) but he ordered me a drink anyway.  
We each had a large chocolate frappe. It was a 24 oz container of smooth and frosty goodness. They did a great job of crushing the ice with minimal chunks leftover at the bottom of the cup. 
They offer small sandwiches and pastries but we didn't try anything.  
Overall, good stuff!Best place to get coffee or a light breakfast/lunch. Staff is fantastic, particularly JJ, Katie, and Stephen. Love this place!Great coffee, perfectly cooked (and fast!) avocado omelette, and an amazing biscuit... what more could you ask for?Listen to me: you want to get the "almond croissant". And you begin to think "but wait, I don't even like..." NO. Stop. Listen to me. Order the almond croissant. Get other stuff. Get your latte, some breakfast dish, whatever, but also get the almond croissant. This is, like, award winning stuff right here. It was so amazing, I asked the owner about it and she said that some of the pastries were brought in from this French bakery that is so amazing that they catered her wedding! It really is. I don't even like croissants all that much, but this was something special. Get one.Cool little cafe hidden in the Quarter...stopped in for my morning jolt then came back for lunch
Relaxed with a beer & panini & just watched the world go by...This place has a cool NOLA vibe...& the food was good!I know it's probably touristy or whatever but I don't care. We LOVE this place. Mostly because you can get a perfectly spiked boozy coffee whenever you want that tastes like both strong New Orleans coffee and booze and when in NOLA, what other way is there?
There are a ton of options both boozy and non, but for me and the boo, the Nutty Irishman is the end all be all. Day or night. Brunch or post Frenchman during Decadence fest at 1am. Yep. Those both happened. 
Hungry? Why go somewhere else? They've got fresh breakfast options including the delicious vegetarian omelet with goat cheese and asparagus and unctuous portobello mushroom. Always get it with a biscuit and always spread their sticky, tasty honey all over it. And get a side of bacon because, why not?
In other words, go for the coffee, stay for the breakfast. It's nothing fancy but sometimes you need a casual morning or evening after a little craziness.Can't believe I waited so long to try their boozy coffees. They're amazing, and now I have a mighty need to try them all.
Came in on Mardi Gras when the place was packed, but they were remarkably fast with my drink. 
I had a decaf Zulu queen with almond milk, and it was seriously the high point of my day. This contains Malibu rum, kahlua, and coconut coffee. It was so smooth and sweet creamy, yet quite strong. I'm impressed.Great place to relax or pickup. Coffee, pastries and even a really good breakfast. I've yet to try lunch here, but I'm ready to do so.We came here to try something different. The woman who helped us was great, but the guy was really disinterested.  The  atmosphere was great and they had the cleanest bathroom in New Orleans.  The pecan danish was ok,  but a little on the dry side.  The latte was ok,  but the espresso flavor was not very good and the syrup flavorings were lacking. I would recommend Addiction over this place!Haven't tried the food only stopped in for some coffee. Asked for a caramel macchiato and the barista asked "is that a starbucks drink?". Did she have espresso? Yes. Milk? Yes. Caramel flavor? Yes. So I guess I just had to explain to her that Starbucks didn't invent the macchiato. I don't need the attitude and the espresso is just ok.The staff were absolutely amazing! Were very helpful in showing me what on the menu could be made vegan! We had boozy coffee and breakfast and it was the first time I've ever been able to have public vegan breakfast!I liked the female barista taking orders but the guy was a bit less outgoing and friendly. In my opinion, the thing that a coffee shop should pride itself in is not just getting orders in and out but in being cordial and warm with the guests. It makes a big impression.
I do have to say best chocolate chip cookie I've had in a long long long time. I'm not even much of a sweet tooth person, but the chocolate chip cookies here are heavenly. The cookie bumped my three star up to a four star.Great little breakfast place. I have had the muffins which are full and flavorful. I am from New Jersey and love a good bagel.  I asked to see it and it came out of a sleeve but I ordered it anyway. Lox cream cheese capers red onion with a sliced orange on the side. AWESOME. True the bagel was inferior but I expect that away from home. But the rest of it came together so well I would order it again. The parfait was stacked with granola and fruit which was very tasty and filling. Great job all around 
Oh yeah the coffee is pretty good too!This small cafe has lots of greatness to it . The cappuccino was just perfect along with the traditional breakfast . 2 sausage 2 bacon 2 eggs hash brown and biscuit ! Wow I never had a non greasy and oily breakfast before . This felt so light and deliciousThis was one of my favorite spots for breakfast while in town. The place has a great vibe and the employees seems genuinely happy and enjoying their day at work. Food was good and with the open doors and fresh air it was a relaxing way to start the dayBest coffee we have found anywhere in the Quarter. Review is for coffee only but we keep coming back each morning for it!!Food was fine, service was good. Nice place to eat, drink coffee and people watch. Breakfast in a go-cup was fine for the most part, but the grits were under seasoned. Not a must-see on your trip to NOLA but a decent place to stop by for breakfast.We stopped in here for a delicious cold coffee drink, but I opted for a delicious cold local draft beer. They have great looking cookies, indoor seating. The coffee menu is large. They also have a selection of boozey coffees, probably delicious on a cooler day.Love this place and the amazing amazing amazing staff.  Best service in town!  I go here daily.  Coffee is consistent and better than most but it's the service that makes this place amazing.Very good latte with almond milk. Comfy chairs  near electrical outlets! Good place to stop to chill for a minute.Great place!  Spent 4 days is NOLA and had breakfast every morning. The guy with the piercings is the best!Stopped in here before my day began was happy to get a strong iced americano. But let's talk about the best other surprise almost missed it too!  Always glance to the end of the counters;lesson learned. Ready for it? Ok Raspberry white chocolate chunk cookie. Delicious! Was in such a mood for something sweet and this was it. Soft, fresh raspberry mixed through and large white chocolate chunks its a must get cookie every time.Very cute and quiet spots to have coffee and breakfast! We had delicious omelets. Good service. RecommendThe coffee smells drew us in from up the street. I was FORCED TO EAT THE PRALINE CHEESE CAKE!!!!!! My goodness I can't get this piece of heaven back home. I must do this again.Thanks to Yelp for letting me know about this place. Coffee/lattes here are pretty strong (and I'm a daily coffee drinker). Gotta love that caffeine! Ordered an iced latte with coconut syrup. My drink had the perfect amount of caffeine and flavor. 
Their food items looks pretty dang delicious too. Definitely would recommend coming here for a quick, casual lunch.This place is great! I enjoyed everything about my experience--staff, food, drinks, and atmosphere. I had an americano and sausage breakfast sandwich, which were both wonderful. The staff is super friendly and quick with service. I wish I had found this before the last day of my trip to New Orleans because I would've returned everyday.Opened on Christmas day - saved us an empty tummy flight, which all of us hate. Food is ok - and quite pricey for what it is. Love the interior design.I was so excited to find this cute little coffee shop on Decatur. I ordered an iced coffee, and then realize they carried gluten-free king cake. So excited to have a Mardi Gras tradition without allergens. The staff is fun and friendly, and the variety on their menu is wonderful.My boyfriend and I stopped into Envie by chance during our trip to New Orleans and we loved it! The staff was so friendly and inviting. The space is clean and the food and coffee were both amazing. I got the avocado omelet with sourdough & it was a game changer! Something I loved about this place is that they keep books on each table, which I thought was so sweet. Can't wait to go back before our trip is over!I love this place! It's near my office and I go as often as I can. Their coffee is delicious and prices aren't bad. Have eaten here a few times and food is pretty good, too. They also have specialty drinks if you're in the mood for a bit of Bailey's or Kahlua or something fun along those lines in your coffee. This is a cute spot with a great ambiance! Can't recommend enough.These folks are fantastic!! Amazing food and espresso and great hospitality! Definitely on the list to come back again! A great place to get some work done and chill if you have some time and also great if you're on the run!!This place is so cute and has great coffee. It's a nice place to sit and chat. It is very clean and has charging portsGreat little spot! We grabbed an Americano here this morning, it was fresh and lovely. We then came back this evening after a recommendation that their cake and pastries were pretty good. We ordered a slice of the blueberry mascarpone cake which was delicious!
Just love how cozy and friendly this place is. Would definitely return.As a visitor to NOLA it was a novelty to have a drink and be able to take it outside and walk. When I visited it was SO COLD -- and a daiquiri was not going to cut it. I saw this place and they did Irish Coffee and other various alcohol in coffee drinks. It was fun and a good way to warm up:)I knew I loved Envie as soon as I stepped in. 
They had the doors open to the sidewalk with two chairs and a table people were enjoying. 
Inside they had a row of high tables and chairs for folks to use.
They have all the good coffee makings at their disposal. They actually know how to make good coffee. They know what a red eye is. They refuse to be outdone by cafe dumonde and offer a dark roast/chicory blend that is magnificent, especially when you make it a red eye :) 
They have cool funky fun baristas. 
They have wonderful fresh baked goods to choose from. 
They have a full bar that you can incorporate into your coffee and a board with a long list of suggestions on how best to do so. 
They have an impressive breakfast menu as well that you should take full advantage of instead of waiting in line at ruby slipper. 
I will put it to you like this, in a wonderful city that has no less than three coffee places within walking distance to each other, Envie, Starbucks, and Cafe Dumonde, I will choose Envie everytime, you should too ;)I love this cafe! It is very large, spacious, relaxed with a lovely outdoor seating area. Importantly they have two bathrooms lol. They keep it covid friendly with flexi glass partitions indoors. I enjoyed reading the local artsy newspapers offered there. 
The coffee is really good! A true latte that is not just milk at the top! Barista is so friendly and accommodating. We came here many times during our trip. 
The food is good too, but you need to know what to get. I recommend the avocado omelette! 
Recommend for a chill and delicious spot!What a fantastic little option in the quarter! I popped in here for some coffee and a scone while waiting for my husband to check out of our hotel next door. 
The vibe is of a quaint coffeehouse of my past -- in the Pacific Northwest. They also serve paninis, so there's more to the menu than just coffee and pastries, and the service is NOLA-friendly too!
When staying in the area, I'll make this a go-to for my morning, midday, or afternoon buzz.Just found this place while walking New Orleans and boom jackpot ! Open late and great coffee what a nice find and even better surprise. They have a lot of baked goods to chose from as well if sweets are your jam .Another awesome NOLA coffeehouse.
Not only can you grab a delicious cappuccino here but they also offer Panini's, quiche, pie, cookies, coffee cake, hummus, bagels, Caesar salad, fresh fruit and other small plates to satiate the palate.
Located just off Bourbon Street this coffeehouse of perfectly placed for a morning wake up cup or an evening sober up cup of Joe. Very roomy, well kept and cute. Staff was friendly and made a pretty good cappuccino.
~ChristyGreat little spot. Cool, laid back environment with wonderful food and service! Would surely recommend to anyone.Visiting from out of town and the worker (White guy brownish kinda lengthy hair) was incredibly rude to me. He asked if I was doing anything fun for the night and I said no I'm here alone/don't know what to do, he asked if he could join me and I politely declined (because I came here to spend time alone..) I asked him where he likes to go and apparently he was salty I didn't want him to join because dude looked at me and very rudely replied "uh not a tour guide". Really? Because you were literally just trying to take me around tonight. I work in the restaurant industry & have NEVER seen someone give that lazy ass rude response to someone looking for recommendations. Yeah, obviously you're not a tour guide if you're working at a fucking coffee shop, dipshit. Hope the owner sees this and knows exactly who I'm talking about -- he puts a bad look on your company.Appreciably strong coffee, great croissant, and charming atmosphere.  The baristas were personable, intentional, and efficient.Walked in to get a drink and food...dude behind the counter with the facial piercings wouldnt sell me a drink because i read it off of a text....great food but this is unacceptable...will never return...fq worker and nola residentNeeded a quick breakfast place, and could not have been more pleasantly surprised! I had the eggs Envie and absolutely loved it. My friend had the traditional breakfast platter and she loved it. Came with lots of food that tasted amazing. Another friend had the breakfast in a cup and was super happy with it. They have vegetarian options, specifically the veggie breakfast wrap was delicious!!Awesome little coffee shop and bar/cafe on Decatur.  Friendly staff, fun environment, and clean place.This was delightful. Easy to go coffee and breakfast food. We loved their iced coffee their breakfast sandwiches. We felt safe ordering there with the mask policy enforcedFirst time visiting New Orleans, and found this coffee shop to do some work in the morning. It's small and cute and has a good variety of baked goods for something quick (if that's what you're looking for). Located on the edge of French Quarter, which was convenient for me (staying at the Westin) and only a 4min walk. 
I'm not a huge coffee fanatic but got an almond milk latte cause I needed the caffeine. My boyfriend got a chai latte, which I think I preferred, taste wise. It was nicely spiced and creamy. 
The avocado omelet was bombbb - goat cheese is definitely a game changer. Would 100% recommend. Also tried the biscuits and gravy which had a nice peppery kick.The barista was amazingly friendly. Frappe and Americanno were simply delicious! Highly recommend stopping here if you are in the area.Came here twice during my New Orleans vacation.  It was relatively convenient, which is reason number one, but I did love their mochas and that decided by second visit for me.
I'm very particular about my coffee, so this is some kudos for sure.My hotel was just around the corner from this lovely cafe in the French Quarter.  While the hotel had coffee, I am a tea drinker so I ventured a few blocks away to Envie to get my day started.  Envie is a charming cafe with indoor and outdoor seating.  It has an eclectic aesthetic with some bar seating in addition to the regular floor seating.  They had a great selection of tea but since it was hot and humid I wanted to go with an iced tea.  I had a black peach iced tea and it was amazing.  It was perfectly refreshing without being too sweet or sugary.  The fruitiness was mild, which I liked since I didn't want something super sweet.
I also decided to try their breakfast and saw that they had a few vegetarian options but when I saw a Brie Croissant on the board I knew I had to have it.  It was a Brie Croissant Omelette that initially came with ham.  They were nice enough to take it off and the barista kindly asked me if I wanted something else instead of the meat such as spinach, arugula, etc.  I chose spinach and I was so happy that I didn't have to ask to have a substitute, they kindly offered it.
However, the service was better than the food.  The croissant was good but the omelette was basically dry and dominated the entire sandwich.  The brie was stuffed inside of the omelette, but its flavor was drowned out by the intense omelette that wasn't very flavorful.  It was a heavy sandwich that was bland.  There was a generous portion of hash browns and they hit the spot, I would have liked them to be crispier.  I did return here for iced tea but I decided to eat elsewhere.  Perhaps they have better items on their menu for food but I'd come back here for some Peach Iced Tea.  The barista who was working there seemed genuinely kind and thoughtful.Cute little coffee spot in a great location on Decatur. 
Very friendly baristas. This is NOT Starbucks. 
Coffee was decent. Not the best I've ever had, but on the other hand, at least it isn't Starbucks. 
Some good desserts. The Red Velvet cake looks good!Drink: 4 out of 5
Cleanliness: 5 out of 5
Atmosphere: 5 out of 5
Service: 5 out of 5
Value: 4 out of 5
Great place to have a morning cup of joe. Awesome atmosphere and seating especially if you can get the chairs in the front facing the street. Nice barista and overall great experience. I would come here again.Love this place, great old-fashioned independently owned coffee bar with lots of wood and cool furnishings. Grab a coffee drink (dark chicory for me) and a pastry (raspberry scone), sit in a comfy chair,  and watch the Decatur Street passersby. Cool music and friendly staff, a great place to be in the French Quarter but away from all the craziness.