This is a fun little spot with surprisingly​ great food and awesome service. 
Everyone who worked here was very friendly​ and attentive, but not smothering. When the staff at a restaurant can balance​ those 3 things I am always impressed​.
The drink I tried, the "Sweet Peach" was not what I expected. It was more tart than sweet, but not terrible. The taste was just unexpected because of the name.
The food was perfect. The freshness​ of the shrimp and crabcakes was apparent. The waffle fries were perfectly seasoned and​ crispy. The crabcake​ was the star here with the large clumps of real crab meat inside.
I would definitely visit here again!Food was undercooked (shrimp po boy). My shrimp didn't have any flavor nor was it completely cook. Extremely slow service when it wasn't even busy. Our server took forever to take our order as well as other request we had. It was a group of 6 of us and we requested separate checks in which our waitress (Dorothy) said it wasn't an issue and would be settled later on. When the time came to get our bill we explained to her everyone's order yet she came back (about 15 minutes later) with wrong tickets for us all. We decided to leave it be and just pay the bills and leave. When we received our copies to sign the ticket one of the members in our party received a notification from him bank about the amount spent at this cafe. The amount was for 20% more than what the ticket said. We all checked and they charged all of us 20% more than what our bill was. When we asked for the manager all he said was that it wasn't right and that the right amount would be the final charge. Wouldn't recommend going here unless you are paying CASH. 
No where on the menu does it state parties of 6 or more will be charge a gratuity of 20%Good food, great service! Ate alone at an outside table. Very attentive server! Boudin Balls & Gumbo, with a Hurricane made for a great experience! Will definitely come back!The place seems understaffed.  We were waiting quite a while to get seated, and started chatting with the party behind us in line.  Eventually, we decided that we'd all sit together so that neither group would have to continue waiting.  That turned out to be the highlight of the evening.  The food was pretty mediocre.  Your beer gets served to you in the bottle, and your wine comes in a water glass.  The server was pretty friendly, but she had only tried a few of the beers on the menu, so she really couldn't offer any descriptions beyond the names.  With so many other nearby choices in restaurants, I probably wouldn't go back to the Ernst Cafe.I would have given this place 3 stars except there were swastikas on the floor. I didn't notice that until after I had ordered food. the waitress said the floor goes back to 1902 and predates the Nazis and these were the Hindu symbol for peace. However in the US today the symbol has a different meaning and as the  granddaughter of someone who fled Nazi Germany I don't want to see that symbol in a restaurant. In fairness I will say that there were non white patrons in the restaurant and the staff were polite and professional towards them. The food was good.African Americans stay away from this restaurant. I paid $5.00 for 18 songs in Juke Box. The bartender unplugged the jukebox and played his rock cd.. Do not spend your money where they don't want you!This was my last meal in NOLA after a 6 day stay and it was extremely disappointing. I sat at a high-top table near the bar in clear view of the bartender/server so I would have thought I would have gotten good service, but it didn't turn out that way.
I ordered the Grilled Shrimp Po'Boy with Sweet Potato Fries. The sandwich had about 8 shrimp on it plus shredded lettuce and pickles. There was no sauce on it and the shrimp didn't even have much flavor by themselves. The server didn't return until I had eaten almost all of my fries before I could ask for a sauce. I asked for a remoulade or cocktail sauce and the server returned with cocktail sauce. Unfortunately, it didn't help the sandwich much as the bread was super dry. 
My drink sat empty for several minutes and I finally had to take my cup up to the bar to ask for a refill. 
The place has a lot of character, which I love in a restaurant, but for $12, there are better Po'Boys to be had at other places and with much better service.Bar w/ tasty food. Wanted to get something not fried or a huge sandwich but a week of overeating made me behave. Had the soup (gumbo) & salad (caesar) and it was so good. Gumbo was full of flavor, crisp lettuce, yummy dressing & homemade croutons. Can't wait to return though and try one of the sandwiches.You wanna drink with industry people? Come here. Wanna hang with people who live and work in NOLA? Come here. Wanna eat some good food and shoot Jameson until you pee yourself? Come here. Wanna wear beads and say you're in "Nawlins"? Go anywhere else.Rude waitstaff. Bad Service. Waited 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged our presence. Had to ask for a menu and get our own silverware. Ordered "The Ernster" sandwich. It was strange and it took almost 30 minutes to get. Was definitely not worth the wait. Too many wonderful restaurants in New Orleans. Don't waste your money on this one.What a difference a change in staffing makes! Ate here a few days ago and had good food and excellent service! Gumbo, Boudin Balls and a Hurricane made for a wonderful experience. Gave it 4 stars.
Thought I'd try it again tonight and was sorely disappointed. Gumbo tasted burned. The most disappointing thing was the service. A large bearded guy with a shaved head could have cared less about my dining experience. Seemed annoyed he needed to serve me! 
Very surly, responded "no problem" when I thanked him for delivering my food. If I had anticipated it would be a "problem", I'd have gone elsewhere. 
Wanted to recommend, but can't with the inconsistent service!I walked in and was not greeted. I asked a waitress do we seat ourselves and she said yes. I sat down and it took my waitress 15 mins to bring me a menu, which was strange because it didn't seem that crowded. It took forever for her to finally take my order. She wasn't rude but I was annoyed at how slow my service was. 
The chicken egg rolls were pretty good but I've had better gumbo. 
I won't be going back.Nice bar on the fringe of the CBD, catering mostly to the after work crowd.  They usually have snacks out on a platter.  Outside seating is nice when the weather's cool.  This is a good spot for a blind date to begin, or to meet an internet friend for the first time.This is a really cool place to grab a drink(or five) after work, since it also has a kitchen -hours and days are limited, though. They have happy hour specials but I never make it down here early enough so I'm forced to pay full price. Bummer, because I know places with all-around service industry discounts... But, the beer selection is pretty good and reasonably priced and the food is really tasty. 
Btw, they really did a great job fixing this place up a few years ago, the interior looks great!The food was good but the service was horrible. My husband got his food after we finished ours. We literally have to call our server because to get our refill because she  never came an ask.This is our trivia bar Tuesdays at 7:30 (Geeks Who Drink). While everything here is pretty good, nothing is really great:
1. Best thing on the menu might be the crawfish nachos, but I'm biased towards nachos. Regardless they're delicious.
2. Other notables are the chicken sandwich and bread pudding for dessert.
3. Good beer selection, yet they always seem to be out of a lot.
4. The wait staff here seems very inattentive. It's always a struggle to place our order, get refills, get our check, etc. orders have frequently been wrong.
It's your pretty run of the mill place, probably wouldn't come back much if it wasn't for trivia. 3 stars!Brought the wife and kids to eat on the patio and they told us the kids were not to come inside. Okay, I can get that, but he said it AGAIN "kids are not to be inside and then told us we have no high chairs and acted like we were an annoyance. 
We simple wanted to have a meal on the patio like everyone else but were outcasted because we had children.
It was 4pm and it was slow.
We were nice to you Ernst Cafe and you spit of us for having kids, pathetic!
We never ate because we were not given the chance. Service and attitude delivers this place 1 lousy star.Great red beans and rice! Small place great service the food will surprise you! It's really good!While on a business trip in 2004 I was looking for an "off the beaten track" place to have a beer and a bite to eat, saw the Ernst Cafe, walked in, and immediately knew I had found my "local" spot.  Nice old fashioned wood bar, old ceramic tile floor, small baskets of snacks (pretzels and nuts) on the tables and a great Jukebox. 
Typical Nola bar food, fried fish, burgers, po boys, but everything was just a bit a bit better and there is just a great "feel" in the room (I'm not big on eating outside ... especially when it's 96 degrees) 
I was back there for Jazzfest this spring and went to find it for lunch ... was it a mirage, was it as good as I imagined???  It was better.
I immediately recognized the blond woman behind the bar, she was there in 2004.  A bundle of energy that gets things done quickly and efficiently, but also courteous and ready to talk or joke. When I ordered the catfish po-boy but didn't want the fries ... "I was fried out" I told her, she laughed and quickly noted "we can give you a garden salad ... or is there something else I could get you". She was perfectly willing to make the customer happy, and the mixed green salad was perfect.
Burgers are big and perfectly cooked and on round baguettes of French bread.  Seafood dishes were large and fresh.  
Comfort food, great drinks,great service, great people, a great jukebox and moderately priced (compared with the Vieux Carre).
This would be perfect as my living room!I've mentioned this before, in New Orleans, we take our kids to bars! But seriously, this place was great for the kids (we sat outside.) The food is typical bar fare, but better. And it's not expensive. A good place to go if you are in the Quarter or the Aquarium or Insectarium and you have a mixed group of adults and kids and don't want a huge meal and don't want to spend FQ prices. The kids plate is only $5 and the fried shrimp were really good. I had the appetizer of fried spinach ravioli which were fried in a batter and crispy on the outside but creamy on the inside. Yummy, but very rich. It was a bit too much for a meal, so share. My aunt got the southwestern eggrolls and she was very happy with those (beans, cheese, and chicken, I think.) The fried shrimp salad looked good too.Decided to look for cheap eats. This place caught my eye. Prices are reasonable and the portions are surprisingly big.
Ambiance is what I would call a dive bar, but clientele is young and hip. Waitress are friendly and service was fast.
I went for the Ernster sandwich, which is a Po-boy served with fried oysters and roast beef. However they were out of oysters, but they substituted fried shrimp In a word.....DELICIOUS!!!
This is definitely a three napkin sandwich. It is served on a sliced Italian bread hero and is stuffed with pickles, lettuce & tomatoes as well as melted cheese and a spicy mayo spread. The sandwich is accompanied by a generous helping of seasoned fries. 
They also have a pretty good beer selection available as well as some signature cocktails and a house wine.
If you are looking for good cheap NOLA eats in anad around the Central Business or Warehouse district then the Ernst Cafe is the place.I was expecting better based on the reviews, but the service started slow and they were out of oysters. My shrimp poboy was nothing special, but my wife really enjoyed the crab cakes.Went there for a break between parades. Amazing red beans + rice, delicious, creamy and heavy!!! Food came out on time, nice and hot... 
However our waitress took almost 20min to bring us our check, a bit ridiculous... Either way, I would def go back.We had a large group after a cheer competition and we were informed no soda available for the kids bar too busy and server station broke upon getting our check we were told cash only POS system was running too. Slow and manager said cash only I am confused as we were not told of this prior Management has an issue that needs to be addressed never will be backMy boyfriend and I were staying at the Lowes Hotel down the street for his birthday. We originally intended to go to Mannings, but considering the hour and a half wait, we opted across the street to Ernst Cafe. 
It was entirely too hot to sit outside, so we walked right in and found a seat at the bar. 
The bartender was nice and helpful, although a tiny bit uppity. 
We ordered beer and food. We waited the best part of 30 minutes for our food, but when it came, it was absolutely delicious. I got a chicken sandwich, which in most places is rather average, but it was cooked to perfection. My boyfriend got the chicken fingers and was borderline licking the plate after he'd finished. 
The atmosphere and the service was not to the highest of standards, but the food in comparison to other "bar food" was quite surprisingly delicious. We will definitely go back.Dive bar type of place. Good beer prizes, friendly staff. They have a few tv screens. The location is nice.On my last day of the conference, I stopped there for lunch on my way back to the hotel.  I must say I had a very good shrimp poboy with fries.  It had the right amount of shrimp and it was dressed just right.  With so many good restaurants in NOLA, your hard  pressed to pick one.  If you are at the convention center, stop by, you will not be disappointed.Food was decent. Crawford nachos were fantastic! I had the gumbo and I wasn't bad. My friend's Crawfish Etouffee looked tasty, she said it was good. Small menu though.We were in here all of 3 minutes. Long enough to order to-go cocktails and hit the streets of New Orleans. Yeaaaa.
TV's - looks like a great place to watch the Saints play.
Prompt service. This is all.Far as touristy this bar ain't. Functional. No trouble. The old bar is an attraction to me. Good energy.Great late night spot. Great bartenders. Simple but fun. Did not try the food...next time.Food was cold when it came out. The server found customers to be a nuisance.  Basically, a bar that is trying to act like a restaurant.  Stay away!  Place is horrible.  Buyer beware!!!!!Be very careful here. We came to have a beer on a walk home from the convention center. The service was good, the beer and appetizers were okay but when I got the bill ~41.00 my wallet app on my phone when I paid showed $50.00 when I asked why the waitress got the manager on duty who said this happens every so often with Chase but the problem is I used my AMX. At this point she started to scramble and got another manager on the phone who told me this is common and it was the service they used to process cc payment and it would be refunded by Monday. I will check with AMX and if not fixed will take legal action. I'm glad I have my alerts set for cc payments or this scam would have gone unnoticed. Beware.Well decided to try this place out based upon the reviews. It was terrible. The bar tender was rude. I asked for a glass for my beer and she "forgot". The food was bad. I've gotten better Cajun in Indiana. The waitress actually smelled the ranch dressing prior to serving it. The bar tender and waitress only paid attention to the locals at the bar and negected the other patrons. Do yourself a favor and bypass this place.Good times had by all !! Service wasn't what I expected but I don't think they were prepared for the crowds. Beer was cold my chicken sandwich was good the waffle fries could have used some more cooking and I didnt expec to have and chase down the server to pay. But I would go back.Rude bartender. Asked what type of IPAs they had and his response was "I don't know honey. They change them every week." Aren't you the bartender? Isn't it your job to know?Great food!! The shrimp po boy is beyond satisfying!! Couldn't even get close to finishing!!! The gumbo is also very tasty!! The environment was very casual and chill!! Quick and prompt service!! Highly recommend for anyone looking for a quick bite in the area and don't wanna wait for a table to open up or pay an arm and a leg for some great southern food!!Maybe Sunday not the best day to go.  The Waffle fries were great, but I  think the oysters on the Ernst sandwich came out of the freezer pre breaded.  Beer cold, so it was refreshing after the heatMy friends and I took a trip to New Orleans this past weekend and visited this place, and from the start it wasn't bad. We ordered some boudin balls and southwestern egg rolls as appetizers and those were really good. My friends enjoyed the gumbo as well as the red beans and rice and I had a great Caesar Salad. However, when it came to the shrimp poboy that me and my brother both got it was a different story. The shrimp was horribly under-cooked, couldn't take more than 2 bites before wanted to gag. I am not one to complain (I've worked in the food industry before so I know how tough some jobs are) so I decided to leave the issue alone and maybe try a poboy somewhere else later in the day. Our server/waitress Dorothy didn't provide such a great experience either. We had multiple issues with our tickets (added food that we didn't order, and she couldn't split the bill correctly even after asking us multiple times what we ordered). Once we got our receipts we ALL noticed that our bank statement showed an amount that differed from the receipt. After a little math we noticed it was EXACTLY 20% upcharge and on the receipt it said "GRATUITY NOT INCLUDED". We asked to speak with a manager which took about 20 minutes to come to our table, keep in mind we had a party of 6 and nowhere did it say gratuity would be added and we even asked in which the replied the same. I wouldn't recommend going here unless you're a local or if you're visiting just use cash.Great food ! The red beans and rice are to die for ! Wish I could bring this place home with me.Service was rude and the gumbo tasted burnt. The crawfish étouffée was delicious though. Post mix diet coke tasted like pond water :( we came here on a recommendation but will not be recommending to others.Kitchen closed at 2 PM today. I was disappointed only because I REALLY wanted those nachos!!We went there for lunch (3 of us) and the waitress was unpleasant and slowwwwww. She didn't care if we there or not. Not friendly in the least. The people at the table next to us said the same thing. We waited over an hour for lunch and everyone that came in after us got their food way before we did. She never checked on us or asked us if we wanted another beer, or let us know the food was coming until we finally asked her (pretty sure she forgot to put the order in).  Burgers were ok, roast beef po boy was ok but the toasted bun was way too dry. Wouldn't recommend.Takes forever to get a server outside apparently (the group next to us warned us and they actually kept going inside to bartender to get drinks)...that we moved inside because we were ravenous. This was about after 20 minutes of no service. 
Once inside, service ordering was more prompt! Ordered crab cakes (good), oyster po boy (okay and the fries were good), and the gumbo (mehh). They are right about everything moving slow in the South. About 45 minutes (at least) we got our bar food. 
I'd say good place to grab a drink in warehouse districtPretty awesome little spot with mouthwatering Crawfish Étouffée! Just over by Fulton....plenty of other delicious options and extensive beer list. Perfect lunch spot!Eh after trying two different PoBoy's I'm not real impressed. Maybe some of their other menu items can make up for it? We had the Ernster and the roast beef with the Ernster being the roast beef with fried shrimp on it basically. They were ok just not something I would give as a recommendation to try for a taste of NOLA.This place is an easy walk from the Hilton, so it was ideal for conference lunch breaks. The oyster po boy was not that great, no sauce with it, so too crunchy and dry. The crab cake was delish and the shrimp Caesar was good. The patio is nice to enjoy lunch in.Ok....so where do I start?? I went here for lunch yesterday.  The waiter was pretty good.  He was attentive and seemed to be the only one working the entire bar area...pretty impressive.  Food...eeeeh.  No way.  I ordered the Shrimp Creole (which is my favorite dish ever!) and the Crabby Patties (crab cakes which are my favorite seafood).  Umm so yea the Shrimp Creole came out and the first thing I noticed was completely burnt shrimp...only 4 of them at that.  I gave it a chance but from the first taste YUCK!  Completely burnt.  I asked the bartender why was the shrimp so burnt...his response was that it was "blackened".  He said it with such a straight face that apparently this is how they really cook their meal so don't even try to send it back.  I didn't eat the remaining 3 shrimp ($9 bucks for this dish..ok?) but said to myself not to make a big fuss about it but to just focus on the rice..maybe it'd be better. NO WAY!  Shrimp creole IS NOT watered down tomato sauce served on top of rice.  Very disappointing.  Still paying 9 bucks for nasty shrimp creole.  This was the WORST shrimp creole I've ever had.  My friend had the crawfish etoufee...which should have just been called etoufee because there were barely any crawfish.  He had 3 crawfish in the entire bowl. :(
The crabcake came out and I was semi excited for some hope to turn this $20 lunch around...From the first look I thought "Is the crabcake blakened too??"  From the first taste I said to my friend "Hey look...the crabcake is blackened too."  Soooooooo disappointed.  Not only was the crabcake burnt, I could not taste the crabmeat at all or even the flavor of the crabmeat because of the overload of grease and extreme burnt taste.  Worst crabcake ever that we decided to name it "the brick". lol
I wanted to try the bread pudding but didn't want a $30 bill just on lunch.  Wayyyy pricey for burnt, tasteless, nasty food.
Definite no to this place but had to try it because of the interesting floor and it's right near Fulton Alley which is nearby work.
Word to tourists, the burnt happy chef and others blackened does not equate to burnt!!
Won't be back unfortunately. :(A friend recommended this place and it was awesome! Our server Garald was funny, on top of everything, and was great! We asked for recommendations and he sat down and walked us through everything. All of the food and drinks we had were great - boudin balls, southwest egg rolls, po boys, chicken strips - all delicious. Definitely recommend it for out of towners!I live in New Orleans and found myself downtown at lunchtime.  Never having been to Ernst Cafe, I decided to try it.   The business was packed with conventioneers at 1:00pm.  I decided to order Shrimp Creole, one of my favorite dishes.  I was very disappointed!  The shrimp were obviously cooked on a grill and then added to the mix.  They were burnt on one side making that side chewy and not very tasty.  The sauce tasted like they opened a can of tomato sauce and then added some chopped vegies and diced tomatoes.  It was definately the worse example of Shrimp Creole I have ever had.  Looking at other reviews, most seem happy with their Poboys and other dishes.  I guess I just ordered the wrong dish for that Cafe.Po-boys here Absolutely SUCK. At least ours did. The French bread was toasted soooo much that it practically cracked like crackers!! Made the sandwich almost impossible to eat. We had already waited so long for it to be prepared that I honestly want to wait any longer for them to correct the situation. But it was LOADED with fish & shrimp.
Loaded Fries were Out of this World GREAT!!
Give'em a TRY though, I know I would....at least to redeem themselves.
Service: Good before the food was brought out. Then our waiter completely Disappeared, till he brought out the check. Overall, kinda crappy.Sorry. Went inside to get a table and was told to sit anywhere inside or out. Wasn't busy. A family of 4 sat next to me outside and all they got was a stern lecture from a waiter about the kids not being able to go inside - not even for the restroom because they have gaming machines. They said ok. We all sat another 10 minutes with NO SERVICE - not even a menu, no water, no welcome. Got up and went across the street.Green tomatoes came frozen in the center, ice cold. Could not even drive a fork into them. Very disappointed. The shrimp that came with it were good.Not a bad place to hang out, but the shrimp po-boy could use some Enzyte.My dads friends family use to own this place.. I've been coming here since I was a young.. It's not the same as it use to be, but I still like it... It's really an old piece of New Orleans... No drink specials on the weekends but not sure about weekends.. The food is pretty awesome by the way.. Oh and try some video poker while you are there..My girlfriends & I we're in town for the Essence Festival 2015. It was literally around the corner from our hotel. We stayed in the Marriott. I was surprised when we were told that at 2pm they were no longer serving food on a Saturday! This place sits in the middle of a tourist area and we saw them turn away 8 groups of people. Because we walked in right at 155 they did decide to serve us. The food was pretty good. we had the crawfish nachos. They were fantastic! We also had red beans and rice & boudin balls. They were pretty good.  The crawfish etouffee had a little to be desired. Our server was very nice. She was very pleasant despite the gentleman who sat us  like he really did not want to. We would we would go back. Probably for drinks and nachos!Honestly not my favorite. Came during lunch, as time was short and it didn't look extremely busy... This was a disappointment. The menu on yelp is not updated and the portion size here is not great. So get the large of every meal option if you're hungry. Sad to leave poor review but wasn't worth it.I had the Ernster sandwich which has fried oyster, roast beef debris with gravy, and mayo on French bread.  I can honestly say it was the best po-boy I've ever had, definitely better than Parkway.  If you eat here you almost have to get it, although I've heard the rest of the menu is quite good.Average to underwhelming. Decent location near conventions near Riverside. Food was typical, didn't taste especially fresh or well-prepared. Definitely not as good as other more established New Orleans places. This was more like what you might get from a Cajun food place not in New Orleans. Paper plates, plastic silverware. But prices were high enough you'd expect better. Overall disappointment.Great old bar and cafe surrounded by Harrah's.  Inexpensive NO food and drink, friendly bartenders, neat bar, floor etc. Being a native San Franciscan it reminded me of places in the City in the 50s and 60s.  O course part of the reason it has existed since 1902.
Dined there 3 days in a row and could go back at least another dozen times before i had everything on the menu.  And did i mention the bread pudding is outstanding!Once again Yelp made the night. I love it on my iphone!! 
We were looking for a salad after having eatin' numerous po boys the day and days before. I checked out the menu online and I new this place had to be good. We had the steak salad and let me tell you it did not disappoint at all. This place is cozy and has some serious history including the "interesting" floor symbols. I later read the plackard on the wall which told the tale on the floor. The vibe is low key and most in there are locals or frequent visitors. It is so close to the crazy huge establishments across the street which catch most visitors eyes. You could easily miss this place too. 
Crab cakes-crisp, thick and delish with a nice sauce :)
Steak Salad- large, fresh greens, tons of bleu cheese, Tender steak, fresh and tasty :)
We ventured back 3 times, I also tried the Crawfish Etoufee DELISH!!!
The chicken gumbo, also delish and a side salad which was tasty and fresh too. 
I love this place! I will be back when I come again in May to NOLA! Everything I saw brought to other tables looked so good too :) lots of options to try here. 
Service was friendly and pretty fast. If you are looking for lunch near convention center then try this place. short walk away from all that convention center food :)Mediocre food, service was phenomenal. In town for a large conference and we took over the place. You can tell the restaurant didn't expect so many people all at once. However, our server Garald handled it very well.By far best place we've eaten here in New Orleans.  Fantastic drinks, appetizers and meals.  Try the Boudin Balls or Fried green tomatoes for starters.  Had the crab cakes for the main course which was excellent.  Service was fantastic and the food was prepared quickly.  Desert was bread pudding and was amazing.  Definitely a must go place if you visit.  Only a block from the Riverside Hilton where we were staying.  Will definitely come back!I would give this place another 5 stars if at all possible. Wonderful experience all around! The Gumbo was the best I've had in NOLA! It's amazing!Great Creole Shrimp.  Our waittress was great too.  We showed up with a group of 3 adults and 8 kids.  Couldn't eat inside, but they accomodated us kindly outdoors.  It was raining, but being under the awning was just perfect.  The only complaint in our group was the chicken strips.  One kid loved them and another hated them.  I think they were just "different" than other restaraunt chicken strips.  These looked hand battered and seasoned.Stopped in for a cocktail and gumbo in the afternoon.  Had not been to Ernst in a few years.  Easy bar to hang out in.  Staff is good and they have a mix of a couple locals and warehouse district/convention center people.
Had the Gumbo.  Good Roux flavor, a bit thin but nicely done.  I would preferred it have a touch more spice so I did not need to use the Tabasco.  Also had the Boudin Balls.  Pretty yummy.  Nice appetizer that I would get again with beer.
Worth stopping in if you are looking for less commercial and more neighborhood feel.We stumbled on this place, right near where we were staying. What a stroke of luck. We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was exactly what we were looking for. Very laid back and really good food. It was the kind of bar and food we were wanting. The servers were attentive with being intrusive. The crab cakes were good as was the catfish. Plus the beer was cold, as expected! Historic building, in the Warehouse District. Try it.I met a fellow Yelper here while I was in town, I walked a short distance from where I was and we sat at the bar. It was in the afternoon, not many people. Quiet, laid-back, chill. We drank and chatted about what people chat about and had a nice time. 
The bartender was knowledgeable and y'all have Sam Adams here, woohoo. Although I don't drink the Sammies, that was cool to see I didn't know they had them down here.The experience overall was not horrible but the food was mediocre at best. The Chicory BBQ Chicken was bland and served luke warm. The crab cakes my friend ordered had a vague flavor of freezer burn. The Cobb Steak Salad my other friend had was decent.  
Service was attentive but the food didn't have enough flavor for me.  It might have been a bad day for Ernst...or maybe I should have had one of the burgers or a po boy.  but unless you are a tourist looking to grab a non-memorable meal or just meet for drinks, Ernst would be okay. 
On another note it is worth noting the age of the bar/restaurant (106 yrs old) and the amazing floor tile/accents. Overall I would suggest just have drinks here.The place was busy, but I was a little disappointed with how cold my fries were when I got them. My burger was also not cooked to the temperature I requested. Given how long it took to get the food however, I didn't send it back to the kitchen. The drink I got was pretty strong though, so that makes up for a little bitBasically, I was at the casino for a few hours and by the time I left, I was starving. I wasn't going to eat at the overpriced casino "restaurants", if that's what you wanna call them. I was staying at the W hotel and decided to walk around the block to see if there was anything open and not packed so I could grab a quick bite to eat. That's when I found Ernst Cafe. I ordered the chicken strip meal with fries (yeah, I went total fat kid and got everything fried!) and my mom got the cheeseburger. The food came out in a fairly decent time. The food wasn't anything special but it got the job done.Stopped in for lunch.  Excellent menu options and the food was delicious.  Good variety of beer and drink options.  Absolutely outstanding service!  Definitely would go backService wast fast. They do need more option on TV's for broadcasting multiple sporting events. Only have Birthday Drinks and a couple appetizers. Fried Green Tomatoes with Shrimp Mmmmmm. The Fried alligator was perfection seasoned correctly, every bite tender.Food looked awesome on the plate, but tasted just ok. Staff was not the least bit attentive. We were not greeted when we came in and had to ask a waitress if we could sit at a dirty table which she did clean right away. We then sat there for a very long time before she came back to take our order. We sat for much longer before she brought our drinks. Other waitresses walking by would not acknowledge you and our waitress was nowhere to be seen except when she finally brought the drinks and food. Would not eat here again .Terrible service. Our waitress was beyond flustered. She informed us they were too busy to get kids soda. She then changed it to the machines were down. We questioned being able to get a cocktail with soda in it. She that would be no problem. Seems strange they work if you want alcohol added in. She repeatedly told us they were so slammed there wasn't many options for anything. I'm not sure if she is new to waitressing, but the amount of people  there was far from being slammed. At the end of the meal, we went to pay for a very lack luster meal and were informed we couldn't use a credit card. We asked why not and she got very upset and told us again they were so slammed that there credit card machine wasn't able to keep up. When she could see that answer wasn't really satisfactory to us. She grabbed the check and said," fine I guess I'll just get yelled at by my manager because of you guys." It was very unprofessional.Horrible service. Waited 45 minutes for starters and second round of drinks. Kitchen forgot part of our starters order and brought it out after we'd paid for the check. Don't bother with this place. Food is def not worth the wait.Food and drink was not bad. Server was a little over whelmed. It's not often I take the bill and my credit card inside and find someone to pay. Not that she was not trying. Was just a lot of tables and one person. I am/was patient so it's ok. But, when folks be drinking. Stay on the empty glasses.  We appreciate and tip for it.This was a nice place to grab a drink - it's an old spot - but the food just wasn't anything to write home about. On the other hand, it's one of the relatively few places in the business district where the kitchen stays open late, so if you want to save yourself a hike to the French Quarter, it'll do.Terrible service, food took way to long for type of restaurant. When we asked what was taking so long waitress argued with us.  In the end we waited over 45 minutes and left without eating.Gumbo was delish!! Added some Cajun seasoning on top..but I like it spicy. Will be back...Let's just a mice ran across the floor. the host said "it's ok! it ran into the trap" and then said "I open the door to let in some air and I guess that's how it got in." No No No if this was true you wouldn't  have traps! They know they had a mice problem and that's not all the cook want to the restroom and didn't wash his hands! Ewwwwwwww!Wow. I'm not one to complain, but the chicken gumbo tasted like lumpy sewerage extract and had the consistency of a troll's saliva. Even the post mix soda was too watered down and had a hint of over-chlorinated pool water... rinsed from an old man's swimsuit. Everyone's experience is different, but I wish I could erase this one from my memory.Slow service and blah food. We waited an hour for our gumbo and etouffee and when it finally arrived it was cold and rather bland. Much better places around for a good meal.Better than good food. Solid beer selection and a fun staff. The atmosphere is gritty enough to give you a New Orleans experience. Well worth the visit.No this is not a fancy place with exquisite drink concoctions. This is a down-to-earth local establishment that gets it all right.
So even before I'd landed in NOLA, I'd already set my sights on Ernst Cafe as the place I would drop by for a first welcoming beverage. Hey, it's only steps away from the W Hotel I was staying at. Anyway, this place is so low-key on the regular that you'll almost never find any tourists in here because it's opposite from the French Quarter. This is a good thing.
I sat at the bar, and the bartender was laid back and friendly. He gave me the scoop on what to check out at Mardi Gras and some local suggestions. Also chatted up a couple of locals who gave their insight into food to eat.
Liked this place so much, that my group decided to follow my lead to come back for some food and drinks the next day.
Sit at the bar, have a drink, make some friends.We went after a conference meeting seeking a quick bit and a cold drink. We had a fun, friendly waitress and followed her lead. Crawfish nachos and gumbo. Everything was so tasty, the nachos were fantastic. Drinks cold and strong. We even took her advice about what Cajun seasoning to buy and bring home from our trip. ThanksWhile attending a conference, we asked the hotel's valets for a good lunch recommendation and they suggested this place and said its enjoyed by locals and visitors. It was a nice day so we say outside in the patio. 
Service was friendly but a little slow at times. 
For lunch I had the ernster sandwich. It had a pot roast style beef, fried oysters, and lettuce and tomato on a roll. I added Swiss cheese. The sandwich was excellent! The beef was juicy and nicely seasoned. The oysters added a nice little crunch. The bread makes the sandwich. It's very good!  The sandwich came with a side, and I selected a Caesar salad. The dressing was good and the croutons seemed to be made in house with the same yummy bread!  My friend had the crawfish étouffée which he also said was very good but probably would get a side salad next time in order to feel full
I would recommend this place if you're trying to escape the hotel restaurant lunchesAwesome happy hour. Cute bar tender, nice, and sincere. Good looked awesome, but just in for cocktails.This place was just OK.  The Boudin balls were really good, and the Po-boys weren't terrible.  The server was somewhat polite, but came across as either really arrogant or just uninterested. I understood she was training someone at the time, but the restaurant was not busy at all.  After our food arrived, the server didn't check back for at least 25 minutes to see how things were, at which point she cleared our plates and we waited another 15 minutes to pay our bill and leave.  However, it seemed like the other servers working at the time were all very friendly and efficient.So this was a stop for a few much needed beers. Wife was in wheelchair after suffering an incomplete fracture of her pelvis. Staff was helpful, accommodating and friendly. Great beer selection with many local micro brews. Also offered some great food, which we passed on as we were going to Ruth's Criss that night. Should have eaten here and saved $200Ernst Cafe is close to the convention center and has a wonderful, friendly staff that will go out of their way to make it a great dining experience!  There is also a catering / wedding venue that will give a 5 star experience!  Enjoy the foods, drinks and outdoor dining!I was visiting with my wife and staying in walking distance to this place.  At 11 pm we decided to try this place based on reviews on Yelp. 
When we entered the place was pretty empty with a few people at the bar and one table of three. We took a table in front of the bar. 
No one acknowledged we had even sat down. The waitress walked by us two times and never said anything. The bartender was 8 ft from us behind the bar and was wrapped up in his customers at the bar. 
After about 5 minutes we could tell they didn't want our business so we left. I thought at that point someone we yell at us to stay. Nope. 
Bad experience. I guess it really is a locals place and no one else is welcomeFood is adequate. Had the catch of the day, four huge asparagus spears with a four inch piece of fish and a fifty cent size serving of rice. Drinks were watered down. Eteuffe was very tomato-y. Fried green tomatoes with shrimp was excellent! Yes it's easy walk from major hotels, but will not come again.So good I came back twice.  Perfectly located near the Cambria Hotel in the warehouse district this little gem hit the spot. The waitress was the bomb on her first day! She was attentive and made sure we had what we needed before we could ask. The etouffeé was delicious, red beans and rice was good, and the chicken sandwich was good as well. All in all I'd come back! Portions sizes are large.Good Red Beans and Rice, decent Bloody Mary (I had a 2nd), great ambiance, decent service. No complaints, I would go back here in the future.Good place to grab a burger and a beer. Friendly staff and good prices.
I would go againDrinks were small for the price. Nice outside seating. Long and narrow seating down from the bar. We sat inside because I hate cigarette smoke. We still got some smoke smell inside for several minutes where we were. Service was fine. Portions were on the small side. We both ordered the Ernst sandwich. There could have been more meat and fried oysters.  We wanted something close to our hotel room. This was close to the Plaza Suites!service industry hangout spot, good food, great drink prices, outdoor seating, you name it.  Catching a game here is always fun.OMG AMAZIMG!!! great service and amazing food!  found our new spot!  :) my daughter is in love with the shrimp!Decent beer selection. No tap beer. :o( But the food was actually pretty good. No complaints there.Pretty decent po' boys. And the service wasn't too bad. The swastikas tiled into the floor take a little while to get used to, until you read the menu and learn their history. I'd recommend trying it - don't expect your socks to get knocked off though. At least after dining you can walk around the warehouse district, which is a pretty cool part of NOLA.The fried boudin balls were great!!
The absolut mule was so good !!
Arielle is a great hostess and bartender!!
A great first stop on our vacation!Cute little cafe, we stopped by for brunch and drinks. Right off the bat when we were trying to pick a table for 4, a waitress with long black hair came with a skunk face and said those tables were reserved, so we pointed at another table, and all she replied was "reserved" like okay then point us to a table that's not reserved then? 
She ended up being our server, and we were not pleased with her service. Food came out shortly and she kept the beers coming but she had an attitude the whole time. 4 stars because the food was good and we enjoyed the lady with with very short hair and large pink earrings, she was fun!This place is ok . A little more upscale than bar food but nothing special. One of my friends got their red beans and rice and told my it was very smoky tasting .  Fried pickles were good , big order so definitely share .Let me begin by saying I don't think I've ever done a review on Yelp, and if I have, it's never long and probably just me hitting stars.  That being said, I hope Ernst Cafe and those reading find this review helpful. It's long winded but hang in there with me. Update: after posting this, yelp confirmed this is my 1st review.
I have heard many great things about Ernst Cafe for many years.  My partner and I popped in on Saturday, April 21st around 3pm to grab a drink after touring a Navy Ship at Fleet Week.  Let me be clear, we are locals, and I will give them props for the Magnolia Bloody Mary, it was one of the best I've had.  The bartender, however, was so rude and I will never be back.  My partner asked if he could have a draft beer and after giving us a strange look, then looking down the bar to her left, then her right, we realized they didn't have any draft beer.  With a smirk on her face, my friend ordered an Anita Boot.  Then there was my order, I ordered the Magnolia Bloody Mary.  I had read the menu, it was a "special" of theirs but she asked me what kind of vodka I wanted.  Puzzled, I asked "what kind of vodka comes in the one of the menu.  She replied, "Magnolia", again with a wince on her face.  Clearly having a bad day, I tried to make small talk about their food as I was a bit hungry and was considering sampling some small bites.  Since I didn't see actual waiters or normal restaurant activity, I figured we order at the bar but her reply was..."that's a separate business!"  I turned to look at the doors where a menu was posted and asked, "so the menu on the door (which had the previously mentioned Bloody Mary on it) is a separate business?"  My partner asked, "what's the name?"  With another strange look on her face, she replied "Ernst Cafe".  Utterly confused at this point I asked, "is the restaurant upstairs?"  She replied, "no, that's the separate business, it's an event space with a private party going on.  That's the separate business!"  At this point, I'm furious but out of respect for not embarrassing my partner, I kept my cool.  She handed me my credit slip where I seriously considered giving her no tip at all but I've never stiffed someone on a tip, so instead and to prove a point to this awful person, I gave her a $4 tip our 2 drinks.  I immediately told my partner to get a go cup for his bottle, which he did, and we immediately walked out.I like this place. It's a nice little restaurant in the Fulton area.
Now, to be totally honest, I have never actually eaten here. I usually find myself here hanging out with friends and having a good time. I really like that (because it's a restaurant) it's completely smoke free. I find myself more and more drawn to smoke free places as of late. I have really begun hating reeking of cigarette smoke at the end of the night. 
Anyway, this is a nice alternative to some of the other places in this area like Lucy's or Red Eye. I have never seen it overly crowded and the staff is nice.Very convenient to the conference center and good food, but a bit too slow for the 1 hour lunch break.This place is perfect. Great service, good beer selection, good food and inexpensive. I saw customer after customer come in for take-out, so I guess the food is pretty popular.
This is in the warehouse district and has a cool historic feel to it. Very open-air with lots of seating along the bar,  spread-out tables inside, or outside along the sidewalk.
Bartender Tracey seemed to run the place when I was in town. Not only great service but an excellent resource of where to go and how to get there .This is a super solid spot in the Fulton street area of town. The bar is very attentive and good at their job of keeping a drink in your hand. The service is always friendly and efficient. The big shocker to me about this place is the food. It's really pretty good! I recommend the fried shrimp po-boy. They have a great batter that is crispy with a touch of spice. 
Ernst is a friendly, well lit, smoke-free bar, with decent food in an area of the city that is not really known for any of those things. A great place to stop in for a drink or hang out for hours with your friends. Highly recommended.Did not enjoy our service here. We sat in the bar area where there was only the bartender to cover our table. Friend A asked for no pickles on her roast beef poboy. It had a bunch of pickles. Friend B no tomatoes on his burger. The burger still had tomatoes.  We asked for a box and the check because we were in a hurry. 10 minutes later after asking for the box twice we gave up and left (after we paid of course). Last but not least friend A and B were over charged. On the bright side the food was still pretty goodThis little cafe is tucked in a cute little quiet spot. Service was great--waitress checked on me often but not annoyingly so. I had a small red beans and rice with fried chicken tenders on top. Tasty! Portion was just right for lunch.Pretty good food. We went in spur of the moment. The place is small but the atmosphere is pure new orleans. I had the crawfish ettoufei which was good but the portion was big enough. My wife had a chicken Caesar salad which was good and my son had chicken tenders with fries which has were also good. I'd probably come back and I would recommend it.My coworker and I came here and had a great time! Great beer selection and happy hour till 7:00. Our server, Gracie, was very charismatic and fun, we pretty much tried everything she recommended. 
Started with the Fried Green Tomatoes, these were very crispy, nice big tomato pieces, could have used more shrimp, but what was there was very well seasoned and tasty! 
I had the Crawfish Etouffee, it was very good! The spices and flavors were great, nice and thick, lots of crawfish, ate every drop. 
My coworker had the shrimp poyboy, and a side of Crawfish Monica. he enjoyed it. Recommend it with tarter sauce and smokey hot sauce. The bread was great, not too crusty, a little chew to it. The Crawfish Monika had great flavor and was a great hearty dish for a cold day, 
For dessert we had the bread pudding, with ice cream. Again we ate every drop! Great bread pudding 
Overall a very nice place for dinner or lunch, especially if on a budget!We stumbled upon this bar one morning around 7am on the way to a race. There were so many people walking by that they opened the bar (which is pretty cool). We got Bloody Marys and went on to the race, post race none of us could remember where the bar was or what the name was so we searched and searched online till we narrowed it down to a small area and started walking. We found it!! Then proceeded to drink many more Bloody Marys. We didn't eat there do I can't speak for the food but the staff were all really friendly.Terrible food, our first stop in NOLA after arriving. More of a bar than a restaurant. Even dessert wasn't great. It was a few steps away from our hotel and we were killing time till our rooms were ready for check in. Don't bother unless you are only interested in liquids. And I didn't see the review with the floor or I would have not stepped foot in here either.Outwardly this appears to be a good choice, and I was hopeful the Red Beans and Rice with Andouille Sausage would represent New Orleans dining well, but alas, I was disappointed. Only the bland taste of the mud-like bowl of something hinted of red beans, as there were none visible. It appears they prepare the beans in a blender. 
A spoonful of rice adorned this "creation" and trying to find the four small slices of Andouille sausage in the mix was like trying to find a nickel you've dropped in the mud.
A small slice of bread didn't last as long as the bowl of good and I had to borrow some of my wife's bread to finish eating it. The bread was necessary to give a bit of substance to the porridge like mixture.
Water was served in plastic cups.
The music was 60's Era and too loud for older folks.
Anywhere else and they might have gotten two stars, but this is New Orleans. They should do better here.
One other thing that alarmed me. When the waiter took my credit card, I got an alert for a charge that exceeded the bill. I asked him about it and he said they add a 20% tip by default and then adjust that if the customer pays less. That little "presumptive" act earned him a 15% tip. I'll be watching my credit card to see if the downward adjustment is made.Excellent customer service, nice ambiance. Make sure you try the gumbo with seafood and the alligator bites!The food was ok. The customizers; mostly slightly to heavily drunk people. A mouse ran right through the perimeter while I was enjoying a glass of wine; that wine went right down the wrong part and somI was almost killed (in the end) by a mouse.. Wouldn't go there for a second time.We stumbled on this bar on our way home from a wedding party and was SO fun! Rex, the bartender was so entertaining, made incredible drinks, and was a hoot! He knew everyone that came in and made us feel like we knew him forever. Will definitely be back next time we are in NOLA!Stopped at this cafe to have a drink and a quick appetizer. Had the fried green tomatoes and they were amazing. In addition being able to casually sit outside and people watch makes it that much better.Wow.. The service here was absolutely horrible !!!!!!! It took us an hour to get one sandwich which was so hard we couldn't even bite through it. Then after that it took 15 min to get our bill which was $15 we gave her a 20 and she didn't bring change till we asked her she assumed it was her tip. Worst service I have ever had .Worst service we've ever experienced at at restaurant. Waited over 40 minutes. Waitress came by once, finally got some water, never took our food order. Got up and left, so can't speak for the food.We were walking by and took a look at the menu and took a chance and walked in. So glad we did. Tired of the crowds, it was very laid back and perfect. Waitress/bartender was attentive and friendly. We ordered boudin balls to start. They were the best I've had in a LONG time! My husband ordered he chef salad that he loved and I got the grilled shrimp wrap. Not too filling and the perfect lunch!Nice atmosphere friendly staff. no beer on tap but they plenty of choices in bottles
I ordered a house salad and chicken bacon ranch wrap...food is very tasty. 
Nice spot to relax the afternoon or evening awayThe service was impeccable.  The staff went out of there way to be accommodating and make sure everyone was comfortable.  The food was pretty damn good as well.  Good job folks!Yesterday was my first time patronizing this establishment, but it certainly won't be my last, especially as my office building is in the warehouse district.   This place has a wonderful semi-covered outdoor seating area as well as ample indoor seating for those who prefer to get in out of the heat.  The bartender on shift while I was there is named Heather, and she is awesome.  She made me feel welcome and comfortable right away.  She was attentive without being intrusive.  She was quick to smile and very friendly.  I ordered the grilled buffalo chicken salad and it was great.  Real romaine lettuce, none of that weak iceberg nonsense.  My husband ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and loved it; the waffle fries it came with were a perfect combo of crisp and tender.   Definitely going back.Bartender Sam has no person skills. I come to this place all the time and this time I ordered my usual beer, andigator, which is always 5$.  He tells me it's 7$. I correct him by saying I'm pretty sure it's five, you should check with the other bartender. This guy has the nerve to walk up to the other bartender Paul and say, " how much is an andigator, cause this guys trying to be an a$$hole and tell me the price is wrong."
I WAS SITTING RIGHT THERE, I'm a regular and he has worked there for 1 week and I'm the a-hole? The only reason this review isn't getting one star is because I go here all the time and it's usually a 5 star experience, but this guy just ruined it for you. 
The funny part is that Paul corrected him and told him the price actually was 5$. I never got an apology for the confusion, not that it would have even mattered, HE CALLED ME AN A$$HOLE! Plus I watched him scold another patron because he got the beer order wrong and had to throw out a bud light. YOU DONT SCOLD YOUR GUESTS, you say yes to the guests! 
I'm not writing this review for future patrons but I'm writing this for management. If you don't get rid of this guy Sam, your business is gonna suffer because me and all my co workers who are regulars there will take themselves over to Vic's and never return.The food looked really great; however, I immediately lost my appetite after I saw the First mouse run across the restaurant. To make matters worst, there was a surcharge added to our bill. It took managers over 20 minutes to correct our bill. During that time, we saw the 2nd mouse. The manager was unapologetic and the wait staff was a bit too comfortable with the fact that rodents are running rampant around the restaurant. Dine at your our risk.Great place with awesome people! Food is good and drinks are even better. Bacon Bloody Mary, Breakfast Shot, and beer for the walk. Go here first!African Americans /brown people stay away from this restaurant. I paid $5.00 for 18 songs in Juke Box. The bartender unplugged the jukebox and played his rock cd.. Do not spend your money where they don't want you . The Manager was informed about it and said there's nothing he could do about it.The food could use some improvement. Although our waiter was really nice and helpful.Our experience was far from pleasant. The food was not as described. Our salad had ice cubes in it. . The chicken tenders had black crusty pieces all over it. Our wine came with plastic cups. Not to mention our server brandy was awful. We had to ask her four times for everything even just as simple as water. We ended up getting a philly cheese steak from a street car stand and it was 10x better and 1/3 the price.There I was admiring the tile floors, not really noticing that there are a hella lotta swastikas up in there... I took a pic, commented that I loved the floors and uploaded. Within seconds I had a bunch of comments, "Hitler's clubhouse" and the like. Mea Culpa. I then noticed the plaque to the side explaining the original peaceful meaning of the swastika. I'm not saying it's right or wrong. But I had to deal with all of this before I even had a drink.
Food/Drink: 
I didn't try more than a couple fries here (which are very, very delicious as fries often are), and had several glasses of red wine, a Pinot Noir, if I recall correctly, which at $8 bucks a glass seems kind of steep considering the bartender who seemed on the whole clueless about what reds they had. Never a good sign. I wasn't sure if I'd be served days old swill or what. It was definitely decent. Not $8 decent considering I could stop in a nice hotel bar nearby and pay around the same. 
I dig the overall old timey pub atmosphere, with all the tin and tiles and wood. The crowd, well, I can't really place my finger on any kind of "type" per se. I saw a decent variety of ages and locals and tourists alike. Definitely an after work kind of vibe going.
Verdict? If in the Fulton St. area, I wouldn't *not* stop in here on a Friday night... Especially considering the alternatives a little ways up in the Warehouse District. *shudder* But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here either.In town for work, stopped by for a quick lunch and beer.  The Ernster was excellent and the server behind the bar was attentive and friendly.Service was great!  We ordered the gumbo, shrimp creole and fried green tomatoes.  It was all very good.  The only suggestion I would make is that they toast the bread!not fancy, but by far the best red beans and rice i had in all of nola. can't wait to go back. yumm yumm yumm!!As a visitor to New Orleans, i wanted to try a local, non-chain, casual place to eat. The cafe is fairly small but it does have extra outdoor space to eat. On Thursday around 6pm, the cafe wasn't very crowded but the service was slow. The waitress said there were only 2 waitresses on duty. In fact, I saw several couples waiting at the door to be seated but they finally left after not getting helped. 
I ordered the roast beef po boy. It was very good although the waitress spilled my wife's order  all over the floor when she brought it. They made her a new po boy very quickly and apologized several times. 
Overall, the food was good but service was slow.Best buffalo chicken strips. We stayed at a hotel near here, our 1st night we went here. The bartender gave us great suggestions of places to go. Cheap drinks & great bar food. Very mellow, away from the french quarter. Loved it!I had the Buffalo Shrimp Salad and the Bread Pudding.  The shrimp was cooked just right, it wasn't over cooked or under cooked. The Buffalo sauce could have been a little hotter in my opinion but it had could flavor. Bread Pudding hit the spot! It was nice and warm covered with cinnamon, powdered sugar, and a glaze that set it off!Our group ended up here one night during our NOLA trip after we couldn't get a table without a wait at other restaurants nearby.  The cafe has outdoor seating which was great option for those who want to enjoy the weather.  I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have any beers on tap, but they had a decent selection of bottles.  My main gripe was with how long it took for us to get our food.  We were a group of six, but it took over and hour and a half for us to get our food.  Our server did give us notice that they were making a fresh batch of rice and that it would take a while, but still seems a bit excessive.  At least we had a couple beers to pass the time.  When we did get our food everyone seemed to be satisfied.  I enjoyed my crawfish etouffee which was quite flavorful, well seasoned and had a good amount of crawfish.  If I were ever in town again I would be willing to give it another chance, in hopes that the wait isn't an issue again.In NOLA for the Orpheus Ball @ the Convention Center. Haven't really spent a lot of time on this side of town so walked around & stumbled on this place. If your looking for outstanding this ain't your place. Looking for a limited menu of bar food (burgers, wings, catfish...) then it's a great place. No beers on tap but good selection overall. I'm not knocking it by any means. If I was just wanting to chill & nibble on some food I could definitely dig this joint. Staff seemed a little overwhelmed but that's just Lundi Gras...in NOLA give it a shot.This is by far my favorite bar. I've been coming here for years and the staff are always so knowledgeable, personable, and most importantly- consistent. (Local tip: the crawfish nachos are amazing)THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!! Heather is amazing!! Great bartender! Food is always fresh and HOT! :)It only took me two days to find some good gumbo and étouffée in New Orleans. The gold was great and the service was timely and extremely friendly. The liquor selection was great and this smaller restaurant/bar had a better selection than some of the bars on bourbon street. Highly recommend and will come back on next visit.This is obviously a very old, established restaurant on Fulton Street. The food is just ok. The menu is very limited. Outside of the bar area it is very cramped and narrow. There is great outside seating, but no tvs on game day to watch the game. The only thing that comes to mind when I think of this place is average.Pretty good gumbo, just wish the large portion was larger. Sit outside if it's a nice day.Located in a growing hotspot in New Orleans. This bar/restaurant is located in the Warehouse District not far from the Casino and other tourist spots. It is a nice place to visit when the weather is cooperating since there is some nice outdoor seating with relatively nice views.Great sit down spot at Fulton square.  I wouldnt say this place is good for kids though.  It's a bar afterallWent to Ernst with a few friends. Was told there wasn't a table available for a party our size, but they had 2 tables next to each other - fine with us. We go to the tables and a waitress tells us someone else is sitting at one of the perfectly clean tables. One of the friends went to the bathroom (before we were basically told we couldn't eat there) so we had to wait for her before leaving. The bartender asks "Are you eating or just drinking?" We responded politely, explaining the situation. She went back to pouring drinks. Another waitstaff said something about both tables being available, so one of the friends asked "I thought someone was sitting here?" The waitress told us they were outside, smoking. Again, completely clean table. Nobody was outside smoking (and who gets a table and immediately leaves to smoke?!). Whatever. We didn't say anything about it. Our friend comes out the bathroom about the same time, and the bartender goes "you guys can LEAVE!" Sorry, what? They were very rude from the beginning for no reason. I would understand if we were drunk, but nobody had had more than one beer. Will not return.Terrible bartender, 20+ years, I can easily run circles around. Not being cocky but guy said what, I gave my drink order, never acknowledge me. Other bartender ask then he said I ordered from him so she yelled at me about double ordering. Acknowledge YOUR CUSTOMERS MORON. CAN'T HANDLE STRESS GET OUT OF THE BUSINESS....I didn't have a great dining experience at Ernst Cafe.  My two stars are based primarily on the food which was poor.  However, the cute outdoor seating and friendly service was a plus!  I should preface my review by sharing that I'm a vegetarian.  So I did not do the crawfish or burger entrees which seem popular here.  In fact, there were no vegetarian options other than a Caesar salad which was definitely not adequate enough to count as a full entree.  The salad appeared to be straight out of the bag, there was a meager sprinkling of parmeasean cheese, and a side of dressing that tasted strikingly similar to Ken's Steakhouse dressing. The croutons were tasty but overall, it was nothing special and something I could have whipped up in my kitchen with limited preparation.  We also ordered the loaded cheese fries.  There was no loaded and just a handful of fries.  The fries were terribly bland and we had to add quite a bit of salt.  There was less than 1/4 of a cup of shredded cheese and maybe a teaspoon size dallop of sour cream.  
Unfortunately, my experience here was not very good.  However, if you just want to sit outside and sip on a drink, it has a beautiful patio for relaxing!Kirby was an amazing waitress. However the bartender did forget about our orders. But the waitress made up for it and then some! Kirby gets 5 stars! Plus amazing punk rock music. Great experience.It's a struggle to give this place three stars...again I wish you could give half stars, because two is unjust but that's what they get.
We showed up around 8pm on a Friday in Nov., not too crowded, immediately got a table. Then 1 waitress walked by avoiding eye contact. We went to the bar to get a menu. One of the bartenders actually became our waitress. We ordered the Red beans and Rice...and the Crawfish étouffée. The Red beans and rice was fantastic, although way too much meat..it was difficult to get a spoonful of just beans. The étouffée just sucked....like a spicy brown bowl of soup with some crawfish in it. Each came with a tiny slice of French bread and were way overpriced at 12.95 each.  Some good looking shrimp went by, some big burgers went by, but my meal sucked.I visited Ernst Cafe on a Saturday night because they were one of the few places with a table readily available for a party of 8, and we had one of the worst dining experiences I've undergone in quite a while. The service, aside from being slow because the server was stretched thin, was alright; the complaint was the food. While the appetizers were slow to come out, but quite tasty (we enjoyed the fried eggplant and fried cheese sticks), this is where our issues started. Somehow, there were fried shrimp mixed into our fried pickles, which isn't a complaint for me, but it was for the member of our party who doesn't eat shellfish. The rest of the food was downhill, too. My food came out first, well ahead of the other meals, and the grilled shrimp Po boy I ordered was the first of several bad meals. The bread was so hard, it literally thudded and one side of the shrimps were burnt to a crisp. Another girl ordered fish, which came out raw. Another girl tried to play it safe and ordered a burger, which came out over cooked to the point in which it was dry. The only two people in our party who seemed to enjoy their food were the people who ordered the gumbo, but even they didn't finish their meal. The waitress took away several unfinished plates of overpriced food with only saying the cook was new. Well, I hope he either gets better soon or they hire a new one because this experience was awful!This cool joint was recommended by my houseman at the hotel. His suggestion was on point. I had The Ernst - roast beef and fried oyster sandwich with a creole sauce. I could eat this everyday! My colleague got the crab cakes - they were delicious, light an airy, full of lump crab meat, and light on dressing. We also got the fried green tomatoes; they were topped with shrimp, great flavor, light coating, thick tomatoes.Fun place. Get your drink in a go cup. Love the the bartender, Heather, she was great. Funny. Honest. Witty and accommodating! . Drinks were awesome too!  Not loud so it was nice atmosphere.  Highly recommended.Terrence provided excellent service when we stopped by on Saturday night. We didn't have any beer or drinks but the food was great.
To start we had the southwestern rolls and mozzarella sticks, both good.  For entrees we had the buffalo salad, the blackened shrimp po-boy with a side of red beans and rice and also the grilled fish platter.  The shrimp and red beans and rice was some of the best we've had. 
Thank you!!!We stopped here in between harrah's casino and before a stop to cafe du monde. Great stop to make. It's an old brick building on brick pavement so you get this old world vibe. I had the jambalaya which was pretty good. Portions were good and prices were more than reasonable. The service was spot on and the food came out pretty quick. Overall I was satisfied. I can't give it 5 stars because it's New Orleans and the standards for food quality are just higher.We stopped in here because of the Yelp rating, and it was within walking distance of our hotel. We walked in and found a table close to the door. There were people eating at the table next to us. We waited and waited to be greeted and given a menu, 15 minutes pass, and I'm already looking up other places to eat nearby. Then I hear the people next to us ask to speak with the manager, when he comes to their table they tell him there was a mouse under their table. His response was "it's only one." Uhhh? We got up and left! I would also like to mention that the manager & server/ bartender chick looked a little tipsy.I first happened upon Ernst back in 2007 when I was looking for a lunch spot during the NCAA basketball games at the Arena.  We ate some great fried shrimp that day, so over the years I have been back to further patronize the establishment.  They have drink specials during Saints games, and if it's still the case, the NOLA Ole Miss alumni group meets there to watch football games.  My friend Andy met his now wife at one of the watch parties.  I would assume the watch parties are now at Manning's across the street though.  They are one of the only places in the Warehouse District that I know of to serve PBR, and it's cheap.  Manning's across the street doesn't believe in cheap beer, so if you want to save some cash, go to Ernst.  They have a wide selection of bottled beer and a full bar, so you have an array of choices. The last time I went, my wife and I sat at the bar, drank PBR, split a salad, and ate some egg rolls.  Everything was great.  It's not too crowded most of the time, and the staff is cool.  I highly recommend for cheap drinks and good atmosphere.Visited twice during my trip. I had the same dish twice because it was so good. I had grilled shrimp and fries platter. I noticed that "regulars" come here.  Didn't seem to be a tourist spot, which is surprising, because it's right next to the Harrah's hotel; which is ok with me. Jukebox, TVs with games on, good drink selections, and pretty good food. Large indoor space but felt intimate because of the layout. They have outdoor sitting as well.My experience wasn't to thrilled about decor and staff was very negligent to us walking in. My friend had his first gumbo there and thought it was very delicious but when asked about how it was prepared or what was in it the waitress was unable to tell us.Prompt service, brought water with our drinks, we didn't even have to ask! Our waitress is fantastic and has so much good advice. Locals have the best information! 
Get the Boudan Balls and Fried pickles. So good!!A New Orleans classic bar and restaurant.
They have one of the best outside dining patios in the Crescent City.
Primarily known by the locals and the service industry regulars.
They have a great selection of very cold bottled beers.
The tile on the floor is a classic orgirinal from the early 1900's.This place is awesome! It doesn't close til 6 AM. Bartender is nice and friendly, regardless of the time of night you are there. They serve both beer and mixed drinks. Kitchen closes at 11 on weekdays, but I'm not sure about weekends.
I also came here for a private party upstairs with FREE FOOD AND UNLIMITED BEER!!! How can a girl pass that up?! A few things on the menu were:
1) COCONUT BATTERED LOBSTERS (I'm not sure I saw these go by)
2) CRAWFISH EGGROLLS (they were delicious)
3) BEEF HIBACHI SKEWERS
4) BACON WRAPPED SHRIMP PUFFS (my friend ate a ton of these! and the waitress was so nice to just keep coming back to him to clear her tray!) 
5) SEAFOOD STUFFED MUSHROOMS (it tasted a tad weird to me)
6) ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE PUFFS (really, really yummy)
SHRIMP REMOULADE DIP
PEARL PASTA CRAWFISH
It was an awesome party and I am hoping they serve this kind of food on their menu as well!!You wouldn't think it, but this place has mighty fine crawfish étouffée (light rioux). I have found this place by chance on two separate occasions and have always been pleased with the service and quality of cuisine. 
The vibe is relaxed (as most locations in Warehouse District is) but it's also the caliber of patrons that make this place sing. The employees are unpretentious, the customer are cordial and there is a simple 'down home' concept that this place captures very well.
Pull up a seat in the night air and enjoy some great tasting dishes with good friends (old and new).I hadn't been to Ernst in a few years, when I met up with a bunch of fellow yelpers a week or two ago. I was late to the party and cranky. In no time I had a glass of bourbon (not my preferred brand but they did have a decent selection) and had ordered an ultimately delicious fried shrimp plate. 
(As a side note, when I tipped the member of the kitchen staff who delivered my plate, I got a hug...which was nice and with the shrimp/fries/bourbon completely erased the crankies.)
Ernst has solid food since it's a popular spot with the service industry crowd (I think the kitchen is 24 hours). The shrimp batter was nice and spicy and the shrimp were a really good quality and c'mon tasty french fries...which are excellent for shoving in the maw of your too drunk friends. That's the stuff.
Yeah the tile floor is odd...but seriously it was installed 100 years ago. I don't know about a symbol for piece but before it was co-opted by an insecure Austrian, it was a symbol for national identity for Germanic peoples...since they didn't even have a flag. Too bad the man with the 'stache had to ruin things.This bar has always been a consistently good place to enjoy yourself and I've been to MANY private parties and events in their upstairs venue over the years.  They food is decent and much better than most of the other bars in the Warehouse District.  They have a lot of tables set around the outside so it can be a patio like experience when it is nice outside and then they have a great balcony upstairs to enjoy for private events.  I've always found the bartenders here to be outstanding and they have always delivered extremely rapid service no matter how crowded and crazy the bar is (and this includes insanely crowded times like Running of the Bulls).  This is probably my favorite bar in the entire Warehouse District simply due to the consistent and excellent service.Staying in a hotel around the corner when I spotted this place.  They have a good beer selection (including arrogant bastard!!!).  Ate here several times, the red beans were GREAT.  
The crowed in the place was a bit strange.  There was a guy in his 30's who kept feeding $100's into the slot machine for hours.
There were rats or mice running around inside the place.  It was a bit concerning to be eating my beans and seeing them running around the floor next to us.  When I told the waitress she just said "there mice, not rats", ok, thats better!I have never been to the actual restaurant, but I tried the crawfish nachos at the New Orleans Seafood Festival and was beyond impressed. They were AMAZING. Tasty nacho chips topped with a few different kinds of cheese melted just enough along with perfectly seasoned crawfish and green onions, all garnished with some type of sauce. I can't wait to visit the actual restaurant if this meal was that great fixed outside at a festival!Great food and staff. Staff was extremely friendly and offered us tons of information about the area and its history. The bartender was very personable and came to our table to offer advice on the different drinks available. Will definitely go back when in town!The waitress, Lisa, was a riot, I loved her. 
They make a really good roast beef poboy. I had another in NOLA and it wasn't half as good as theirs. I did try the sazerac for the first time here and I don't know if it was how they mixed, or if this is just what a sazerac is normally, but to me they should've just called it a double whiskey. That's what it was, just a double shot of whiskey, nothing else. Too strong for me.Not a bad spot to go and just hang out.. Very relaxed atmosphere, friendly crowd. Bartenders are very attentive and like to conversate...Love this place!  Great happy hour prices and ample seating outdoors.  Really fun for a group of friends to all enjoy each other's conversations.  The neighborhood is really cute too, great for people watching!We sat inside for lunch, shared the fried green tomatoes with shrimp for appetizer and knew we picked a good place. In our party we had the étouffée, gumbo, shrimp po boy, and shared the bread pudding - nothing disappointed. On top of all of that our waitress, Katherine, was pleasant and prompt!My family and I were staying in NOLA for the night after getting off of acruise, and while everyone had different local delicacies they were searching for I was looking for a great shrimp po boy. We were staying at the Harrahs hotel and casino and I was looking for restaurants near by with good po boys. Ernst's was within walking distance so my Dad and I decided to give it a try. When we arrived we were greeted fairly quickly, and seated right after. It was loud inside- but that is to be expected from a bar. Our table was on the opposite end of the bar area so it wasn't too loud at all. Our server was friendly and fast. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and it was without a doubt the best po' boy I've had in my life! The shrimp were fried perfectly, the bread was fresh, the fries were to die for, and they had the best remoulade I've ever tasted! My dad ordered the chicken and andouille gumbo, and he was blown away! I tasted the gumbo too and it was wonderful! We had a very pleasant experience at Ernst's and if were ever back in town we will be sure to return!Overpriced bar food.  Service was very rocky.  It seemed like it was opening night with a cast who had never worked a restaurant-bar before.  Could have been an off-night.  New Orleans offers so much better and for less money. 
I know the building has a historical vibe to it, with the tiles on the floor--but found it odd that the pride in the tile is so great considering the historically offensive design at the front door.Great oysters!
Had a late-night fried-oyster platter on Saturday. They were big, hot, and arrived very quickly. They were also less expensive than Manning's OR Grand Isle on Fulton Street.
Staff was friendly, and, even though busy, sat me right away!Fried green tomatoes, boudini balls, and crab cakes! Highly recommend! Great service great outdoor venue!!I visited Ernst Cafe on July 22, 2017 for brunch with my Father. The food and drinks were good and the Server was friendly. My problem reared its ugly head at the end of the visit. First, my Father and I chose to sit outside and we were approached by an older African American woman (possibly residentially challenged) requesting food. My Father agreed to buy a sandwich and she proceeded to sit at our table to wait for our Server to return. Our Server returns but stops dead in her tracks when she sees the woman and immediately tells her she needs to leave! So my Father and I assume she has been a nuisance in the past. Our Server leaves with the words " I'll have my Manager come out." So the woman is still sitting there staring at us and us staring at her, awkward right? Then out of nowhere, the woman becomes IRATE, gets up and just starts cursing. I actually thought the interaction would make a turn for the worst at some point, luckily she continued on her way. Secondly, during the awkward staring contest, I observed through my Capital One app I was charged an additional $9.00 which is a 20% tip. I questioned the Server and she had no idea what was going on and advised me what was on the receipt should have been what I was charged, clearly, this  ideal situation did NOT occur. The Server left to retrieve her Manager and he explained the bank places this weird hold on my card and it will fall off at a later date. Unfortunately I have never experienced this and never heard of this explanation given AFTER you have received a service. My suggestion is, use cash if you decide to visit and don't sit outside . For the venue, if a Guest decides to use a credit card/ debit card, you should probably advise them of the possible weird hold so in turn it doesn't seem like a scam because it's exactly what I was thinking.I just saw a mouse run across the floor !!!  I canceled my order and left .... my first trip to NO and this was my first stop super disappointed!!!If I could give this undeniably racist restaurant no stars I would . My experience there was unlike anything else i have ever seen and if you eat here you are supporting discrimination and racism. I was eating here last Saturday night on the 9th when the waiter pulled out a young Hispanic man by his hair telling him "to get the fuck out" . The young man at this point had already been served two glasses of water and food but was immediately rushed out for no reason at all. There was no tension or argument leading up to this waiter kicking this young man out other than his racist and disgusting self views . After the young man refused the waiter grabbed him by his hair and physically pulled him out . When the young man returned to video tape him for his own protection and evidence the waiter began yelling at him to " get the fuck out" when the young man wouldn't 5 other large men some of whom were drunk began swinging at this young man and went so far as to even throw chairs at him. In the middle of all of this the young man dropped his phone so then the waiter proceeded to grab his phone take it back to the bar and laugh and taunt the young man to "come get his phone " from the bar. And I am sure the young man would've if there weren't two middle aged white women holding him back telling him not to go in. I am in complete and utter shock that this happened . I will be reaching out to corporate and whoever else is high up in this shitty restaurants name . This is NOT TOLERABLE and it should t be to me or anyone else. I feel like going back to the restaurant just to get the waiters name . This was flat out RACISM DISCRIMINATION AND A HATE CRIME .The food was good, The waitress was friendly.   A mouse ran across the floor.  When we pointed it out, the hostess just said - Yeah!!  This is the oldest port in the US so we get mice.Get the nachos with the Monica base.  Do it !!  If you
Like nachos, I mean.   The service is great, and on a sunny day, the shade outside is great.What a disappointment!   The food was less than mediocre.  The beans and rice tasted old....the chicken was dry.  The 'Ernst' burger came as a tasteless piece of burger...with nothing else.  The waitress was nowhere to be found except when she brought the bill.Food and service were excellent!  Love the crawfish ettouffe.  It was a little more expensive than I wanted to pay. But the flavor and quality were great!!We had the grilled shrimp platter, the Southwest eggrolls and the Ernst burger with fries and enjoyed everything tremendously.Lisa was amazing !!!! We were wandering and we asked for recommendations just cause we saw her outside , she "lured" us inside to look at the menu, told us of her recommendations, and in 20 seconds we were sold. She gave us great service, was entertaining, candid, and made us feel good. We will definitely come back and I will always recommend this joint to anyone who asks because of our experience and mostly cause of Lisa.Had the chicken and sausage gumbo and it was very tasty and would come back again, the restaurant is undiscovered  little  hole in the wall, we had a party of 8 and everyone enjoyed their foodDecent atmosphere in the Fulton CT area which is partially closed to vehicle traffic and narrow brick streets. We sat outside and took in the environment. Service was good and friendly. The fried green tomatoes were very good.  I got the blackened fish, asparagus and a side of gumbo. All of that was excellent. Prices were pretty good too.The fried boudin balls were great!!
The absolut mule was so good !!
Arielle is a great hostess and bartender!!
A great first stop on our vacation
We went back Tuesday and tonight for happy hour.
The food is great, the beer cold and the
Margaritas are so good.  Arielle makes the best
Margaritas!  The whole bar has a homey atmosphere and everyone is so friendly !!They make a wonderful Long Island. The location is great when staying at nearby hotels. Chris the manager is awesome. He has a great smile and is so hospitable. Thanks Chris!First day in NoLA, stopes here due to proximity. Service was top notch. Quick, friendly and accommodating. Red beans and rice was hearty and flavorful. The Ernster pop boy was awesome! And I don't know what the fries are cooked in, but damn, bring us more!I wish I had a chance to try some of the food here as the menu looked great although our time here was basically meant to be a rallying point and first stop on what became a truly epic bar crawl that last far into the early hours of the next day. I did have one drink here and had a chance to admire the space and the decor for a bit while socializing with all my new friends.The food was good, the service was ok.
I had Fried Catfish with fries. They had a very limited menu due to the Final Four coming to town. They didn't have po-boys, what I was really looking for, or Abita beer. 
Well, I was told they had it in the back, then I was told it was warm, then I was told they would not serve it to me because they didn't want to go in the back to get it. They could have just told me they were out, but instead they had to string me along. Either way, I would still have been disappointed. 
This place is probably a lot better when there isn't a huge crowd in town. Although one would think with large events, they would be better prepared. It was a nice little bar, with some interesting history, but I do not see myself stopping by next time I'm in town.I had the Buffalo Shrimp Salad and the Bread Pudding.  The shrimp was cooked just right, it wasn't over cooked or under cooked. The Buffalo sauce could have been a little hotter in my opinion but it had could flavor. Bread Pudding hit the spot! It was nice and warm covered with cinnamon, powdered sugar, and a glaze that set it off!This little joint happened to be a block from my hotel. It had a great little Oyster Po'boy that came with a little souvenir to take home as well! Yep, you guessed it! There was a good sized pearl in my sandwich. Food was good, but this place was a one hit wonder for me. 
The atmosphere was a little dated, but the tile flooring when you walk in, formed swatstikas show the age and history of the building.Working in the food business as a server, you can easily spot out the bs that your servers are telling you. I, along with a party of 8 immediately was ignored by all the servers working. Once seated we were told by one server that they were out of their one of two sides, fries. This was a lie clearly because I had to re order a side of fries to the new server who I will get to in a second. Our new server was very attentive, until the bill came and told us about this new payment system called "equal pay". This isn't a communist country, and as far as i'm aware you pay for what you order, even if it's cold and served with a plastic spoon. My meal was 17.00 total but being with the party paid an extra 10.00 for my meal. Yes gratuity is one thing but that is added onto the ticket. Taking and giving yourself a nice tip off everyone's ticket is not "equal pay". To me it's laziness. I use a POS system and know how easily it is to split someone's bill and let them pay for what they ordered. My friend ordered an appetizer and one drink.... no one spends 27.00 on one drink and boudin balls. To make up for the crazy payment only at THIS bar i'm sure in new orleans, the head bartender offered us free drinks on the house(only to talk shit about us behind our backs as i went to pay my tab). This was absolutely the worst dinner experience in New Orleans. I would have had a better time at Popeyes on Canal than this place.What an amazing place we happened upon. Mike the bartender was wonderful.... Full of knowledge about the history of the establishment and knows how to make a gr8 drink. The crab cakes are AMAZING!  I don't usually do reviews but this place definitely deserves every bit of it.Great old bar and cafe surrounded by Harrah's.  Inexpensive NO food and drink, friendly bartenders, neat bar, floor etc. Being a native San Franciscan it reminded me of places in the City in the 50s and 60s.  O course part of the reason it has existed since 1902.
Dined there 3 days in a row and could go back at least another dozen times before i had everything on the menu.  And did i mention the bread pudding is outstanding!