Sister and I shared a platter that had crab cakes and some other stuff.  It was decent but nothing special.  The restaurant was dark and didn't really dig the vibe.  A girlfriend had blackened catfish that was pretty good.Was walking around the neighborhood and stopped here as the menu caught my eye. They had many tasty options to choose from, I thought. My husband and I were the ONLY ones in the restaurant and it took us over an hour to get our food. 
I ordered an oyster po boy, the waiter brought it out to me and it was literally just an old baguette with some oysters on it, not dressed at all, no tomato, no lettuce no sauce or condiments. I have no idea how it took them that long to throw some oysters on some bread. By the way, the bread was very dry, old and hard. I didn't even eat it. My husband got jambalaya and the rice wasn't even cooked thoroughly, making it crunchy. Also the items we chose were very highly priced making it an even worse experience that we couldn't even enjoy our food. 
The waiter was very nice though and checked on us multiple times which is why I'm giving this place two stars. I will never eat here again, save your money and go somewhere else.Granted it was a Monday-between thunderstorms-but it was pretty good.The place was very slow and quiet.Service was very good and attentive.Food was really good too.Not cheap,by any means,but very good.Would go back again for sure.I'm always scepitcal when restaurants display their food outside and have someone trying to lure you in.
At first, I really didn't think it was s good choice, seemed like a weird old bar/ restaurant with bad decor.
Our waitress really went out of her way to make us feel welcomed and I liked that the chef at the end even stopped by to say hi.
I really enjoyed the messy bbq shrimps but the steak was pretty low quality. They give you parmesan butter bread for your meal.
They also gave us a free order of spinach and a great desert.
Would I go back...nope but I appreciate the efforts made and maybe this might be up someone else's alley.Let me start off by saying that I'm generally pretty forgiving when things don't go so well at a restaurant. Stuff happens. Unfortunately, My experience at Star Steak & Lobster was unforgivable, even by my very forgiving standards.
Like many others, I came here on a Groupon deal. I had checked out their menu and read a couple of reviews and the place seemed alright and I had already picked out my order.
It started off mid afternoon. I decided to stop by to reserve a table for later on in the evening as we were going to walk by it on the way from our hotel. Requested a table for two around 8, gave my name, and was on my way... Come 8 o'clock or so we returned and upon seeing a small crowd milling about in front I became glad that I had reserved a table. Except that upon checking in we were told to wait as there were no tables. After about 15 minutes we were offered seats at the bar and promised that we would get the next available table. Stupidly we waited for another 15 or 20 minutes until it became painfully obvious that they didn't have a table and that they had clearly never reserved our spot to begin with. Okay, whatever stuff happens like I said, at least we have the food to look forward to.  So, we put in our orders with the bartender then proceed to wait for what felt like 45 minutes... At this point if it weren't for the already paid for Groupon voucher we likely would've just walked out after having our fill of piss poor service.
FINALLY our steaks come out... and they're way undercooked. We had ordered one medium and one medium well and both came out rare. At this point we just didn't care anymore to bother sending it back as we just wanted to be done with the place as quickly as possible.
Good job Star Steak & Lobster, you managed to make my very short list of businesses that I have no intention of ever patronizing again.Totally loved this place until we were blind sided and given our bill with a 20% tip already included. We were only a party of 3 and this information was not present in the menu or were we told ahead of time. 
Good food but I would not come backNot sure the reason for the bad write ups, but my wife and I had dinner last Sunday around 6 and we had absolutely nothing to complain about. Our server, Gloria, totally walked us thru the menu. The food, beverage service, and atmosphere were great. We used a Groupon, no problem with that, and I whole heartedly recommend this place.I got Yollar deal to this place. I asked for medium well and the center of my steak was raw.  I was hoping it would be good but it was not.  The drinks and Stacy the bartender were the only parts of being there that I liked.  I would drink there again but the food was not worth it, I really wish it was.A group of 9 of us came in for a late dinner while in town for Mardi Gras weekend. We were walking around trying to find a place to eat, and the majority decided to dine here. The waiter told us they have a special menu just for Mardi Gras weekend. 
I wasn't that hungry, and didn't really know this was a steak and lobster house. I opted for the chicken fettucini alfredo. The alfredo sauce was bland, and the chicken was dry. Olive Garden makes a better dish. I guess it was a good thing I wasn't hungry because I just couldn't finish it, and had to give it to my friend. The other people that ordered steaks and lobster seemed to enjoy their food- I wish I had ordered a lobster instead. 
The waiter was definitely not on top of things. My friend wanted her water refill, and then I think he forgot. Then he came back with a pitcher of tea instead. He kept coming back with a pitcher of tea 4 times- ridiculous. Finally, he came back with a pitcher of water, but the water was murky- no one was going to drink that.  It was 18% gratuity automatically charged to the bill, and this guy definitely didn't deserve it.We ate there in July 2005 for our anniversary (I know, I know...this review is a little late) but at the time, I had the best ribeye ever.As someone who is not a fan of seafood, I was skeptical when my husband chose this as his dinner selection for our last night in NOLA.  I was between the crab cakes and jambalaya risotto and chose the crab cake.  It was probably the best crab cake I've ever eaten.  My husband had the red fish and that was terrific as well.  Would come back the next time in town.Ok so I called to make a reservation for 8:30 on a Friday night, the guy on the phone told me that there were no more reservations for that time , but told me to stop by in 20 min that he could fit me in, so we did. When we got there , there were only two table available . 
The food was very good , and the service is "New Orleans"with a lot of " ok darlin" and "sweetie" 
Try the stuffed Cajun steak !
My wife had the red fish also very good 
The drinks were normal but a little pricey but come on man. You are in freaking New Orleans! 
Good food and great drinksFood and the wait service was excellent.  Nice atmosphere in the restaurant , the restrooms could use some freshening up.  I will definitely return to this place when I'm in town.Atchafalaya omelette was the best omelette we've ever had!! NO style BBQ shrimp and grits are awesome!!I got the prime rib and asparagus. The prime rib was smothered in a strong creole/Cajun seasoning which was disappointing. The flavor was not good. The asparagus was soft and not great.My favorite item at Star Steak and Lobster is the BBQ Shrimp, it is the most delicious shrimp I have ever tasted. I go there just for the shrimp but have tried alot different things and like the crab cakes and steak as well and they are very yummy. The owner and the people that work there have really great attitudes and they are a pleasure to be around. You can tell they enjoy what they do and have fun doing it.Food was okay. Free appetizer from inn. Small cozy and a jazz musician  typical New OrleansQuaint little place with live music.  My rib eye steak with Cajun seasoning was phenomenal and my wife's lobster tails with sautéed spinach was very good.  Their fresh bread with a parmesan cheese sprinkling was very tasty. I would definitely recommend this for a dinnerA very affordable, and delicious meal.
The service was probably among the best that I've had. The prime rib was melt in your mouth.
I would like to keep this place my little secret, but, that just wouldn't be fair to the folks at The Star.
Do yourself a favor and try it, you will not be disappointed.Awesome intimate spot in New Orleans! The bartender Kevin made me an amazing Hurricane!We just adored thus place. Also, staying  at a quaint little hotel adjacent to it so it was also convenient. When my husband and I walked on (oh I got married a few weeks ago for those who follow my posts) in this gem, he had his mind set on crawfish étoffe . Unfortunately it was not on the menu. Lucky for us our eccentrically dressed waitress suggested she would ask the chef to pro are it especially for the other half. They elected to serve it over blackened catfish and boy was it a treat!!!! I had the shrimp po boy sandwich and it was nothing to write home about nor did he have some obscene portion size but it was certainly tasty. Loved this place. Surprised this was my first time here. Thanks for reading and enjoy.The food was AWESOME! I had the special Catfish Atchafalaya, the rue was spicy and tasty, the French bread sopped it up nicely.  My husband got the fried seafood platter and it was huge, they aren't shy with their portions! As almost everyone said it takes a while to get seated, get your order in and for your food to get to the table so don't go super hungry, grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a StarTini YUM! Ask for Jamie to be your server, he is super nice, and attentive, apologetic for the kitchen slowness.  It is a Saturday night after all and they are doing several deals-groupon, restaurant.com and Yelp all at once and they are a very small restaurant (15-20 tables max). I will definitely be back on my next trip to NOLA.Loved it! Great location, staff treated us like family! Food....beyond delish! Thank you so much!This is a great little restaurant! My husband and I had dinner here on 11/29/14 while visiting New Orleans for a Thanksgiving Honeymoon Holiday. We had great service and an excellent meal. My husband had a NY strip with a crab cake and alligator sausage along with sauteed spinach. I had the lobster tails and steamed broccoli. Both meals were made just right. Our server and the server assistants were able to make great recommendations and were efficient. We ended up sitting with the owner (who got us two rounds of drinks) and another couple who was celebrating their 35th anniversary. It was a perfect and charming evening!I had a yelp deal so I checked this place out. It was ok, but I would not recommend it to a friend or go back. The staff was friendly, the live music was ok, the food was passable, but nothing stood out. I had the stuffed filet, and was not impressed with filet or the stuffing. I was also put off that I was charged an 18% gratuity without any notification (I dined alone). Fortunately I noticed as I was adding a tip to the bill, but I wonder how many others have double tipped without noticing.The best steak and seafood in New Orleans!  We eat out a lot!  I always read reviews to determine the spot.  Star Stead & Lobster House is possibly the best steakhouse I have ever been to!  Soups were churned with love and time.  Just enough cream to twist your taste buds into a frenzy.  Alligator (newbies) had us all craving more.  Steaks were aged like butter and aged to perfection.  I'm surprised we even used our knives.  Shrimp was fresh seasoned perfectly and not overcooked.  Crab cakes were enough to make you want the recipe.  Bread was soft, crispy and seasoned with fresh butter.  Creative drinks.  I can't say enough about this place.  It should get the highest honor.  Before I forget, the waiter, Jamie, gave the best service we have ever had down south.  He was attentive without being aggressive about our needs.  Intuitive about the meal and extremely polite.  I am extremely impressed.  Definitely a repeat visit is in order on our way back to another great New Orleans festival.Updating an earlier review this is one of the best Groupon deals in town. If you get the $25 for $50 deal you can enjoy a lobster dinner for two for tax and tip. The deal here on yelp will get you a nice steak dinner for $10. Other than that I don't recommend this place because the steaks are cheap and the lobsters are very small but when they are practically giving the food away you might as well take it.Stuffed mushrooms were awesome.  The reviews on the steak were ok and the place is a very N'awlins like atmosphere. Not bad overall.My Wife and I decided to go to New Orleans for my Thanksgiving leave...big mistake! Fortunately, it was not all bad. We found this restaurant which is not on the main strip but worth coming off the beaten path. In our five days in this less than musical town we dined here twice. The service both times was outstanding! The food was excellent as well.
      We stared with the crab cake both times, because that is my favorite.  I got the fried seafood platter both times with fries. All the seafoord was well fried and crispy, nothing was over cooked or over seasoned. It was a HUGE plate of food, but I managed to finish both times. 
     The first time my wife, Christina got the blackened ribeye. She ordered her steak rare because she likes it medium rare. Often restaurants cook their steaks a bit more than a true medium rare. If they get it right you could always refire it to the temperature you prefer but if it is over cooked you cannot "uncook" it. I've found in all the times she's done it she has always been correct, and this time did not exception. The steak came out a perfect medium rare. The second time Christina ordered the blackened red fish étouffée. It was excellent! The sauce was perfect. The fish was not drowneding in cream sauce but not too dry either. There was tons of crawfish. The smell was enough to take my eyes off my own plate and sneak my fork on to hers. She is a much better sharer than I am. 
      For dessert I ordered the creme brûlée cheese cake. Christina told me I was not going to like, but I didn't believe her so I ordered it anyway and I did not like it. The coffee,like every place in New Orleans was horrible. 
*Just as a side note: if you ever go to New Orleans DO NOT go to Cafe Du Monde! It was the worst and second (to P.J.'s, also in New Orleans, also horrible) most expensive coffee I have ever had the displeasure of tasting.Last minute breakfast idea, and I can't believe I actually ordered a catfish benedict.  It was good!  Service was great as well.  I would go back again.I am extremely upset and disappointed at the service I did not receive here. My husband and I have come here several times and as far as service and experience, it's either great or horrible. I wish I was exaggerating but I'm not. I either leave very satisfied or I leave regretting I went. However I continue to come here because I LOVE the food! I have even recommended this place a few times. This last experience was enough; I literally have been in the restaurant less than 10 minutes and I walked right back out . I was never greeted! I was constantly looked over by the bartender, and two waitresses. No smile, no greeting, they all literally looked past me like I wasn't standing there. This is lack of hospitality and also rude . I debated on asking the bartender,who mite I add was standing behind the bar next to me the entire time and never spoke to me, if I could speak to a manager but enough is enough. I am so tired of this restaurant and I am tired of talking to management about the inconsistency . Great food but they are always running out menu items or the service is horrible! Service can go either way! All in all, inconsistent service drove me away as a customer; and I will never recommend this place again.There's no reason to go here. BBQ shrimp is ok ...except they are over cooked and not peelable and thus not edible.  Then the entertainment cranked up...which is the Simpsons Mr Berns playing a flute,sax, and singing with some recorded backgroundcmusic. Berns raped Dock of the bay and Minnie the moocher before I could jump the hell out the door.
No reason to go unless you are deaf and love shrimp hide.Get the Groupon deal for this spot b/c they allow cocktails on it!!!
Excellent, friendly, attentive service & good food!
Your table gets an awesome 1/2 loaf of some of the best garlic bread I've had. That bread and the lobster bisque are rich & decadent. 
We also had the NY strip special which was well seasoned & grilled medium rate as we asked. It came with alligator sausage, crab cake, and asparagus. Nice big plate for $23. 
The cocktails are strong & the food was good. 
I didn't get dessert, because I was stuffed, but I hear the bread pudding is "to die for."Food was exquisite.   The gumbo, the filet with different toppings,  and the stuffed filet... All that with a delicious bread pudding. ... There is soft music playing but is a nice volume that allow u conversation.  Servers take care of business with a smile.  Realy recomend this place.We both had filets that were cooked perfectly.  There's a wait, but nothing a bottle of wine couldn't help.  Delicious off-Bourbon steaks!My family and I ate here last night. This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. We were in NO for the night and decided to try this place. We sat down and the waitress came up and took our order. She said right off the bat we are out of lobster tails. I said ok and figured I would just order a whole lobster with my NY strip and give the tail to my wife. No big deal. My wife ordered the filet and my daughter also got the NY strip. Our food came out and my wife got a filet. My daughter and I received rib eyes. I told the waitress that we got ribeyes and she said that was because they were out of NY strips. They didn't even ask us. We do not like ribeyes. We wanted to get up and walk out but we ate what we could and paid out $118 bill before tip. I don't know how this place is still open.Was enticed in by a lovely gentleman just outside the restaurant.  He offered us a free appetizer and we decided to pop in.  My husband ordered prime rib which was cooked to perfection.  Steaks were tender and flavorful.  As was my ribeye steak.  The service was efficient and friendly.  The decor is beautiful.   The bathroom is immaculate.   Penny the waitress was friendly and served our every need.  This would have been a 5 star review if we were not disappointed at the end of our meal when we found out that their credit card machine is broken.  Nobody told us when we walked in.  Thank goodness we had enough cash on us.This was my third visit to Drago's auxiliary location at the Hilton Riverwalk. The famous roasted oysters were such a disappointment. On my first visit, they were plump, carefully seasoned with garlic butter, Parmesan Romano cheese served a side of baguette. This time, they were overcooked, flat lifeless blobs on a plate of sloppy, greasy burned garlic slop with a stale, slab of bread that torn up the roof of my mouth. Obviously reheated and pushed through the line.  On my next trip, I'll seek out another locale for this local delicacy. The shrimp and corn chowder was mediocre with the taste of an institutional cream soup. Nothing to write home about or order again.
Such a shame that this has deteriorated to a fast food like local outpost.Had a wonderful Friday night date night with my husband and parents. Star Joey, and Kevin our waiter gave us the best service! Salads were excellent, but the gumbo just ok. Steaks were perfectly cooked and the whole Maine Lobster was a great special! We will definitely go back ! Going to the Quarter for us locals, it's such a pain to park, we forget about some really great French Quarter spots. This is just a quaint, hole in the wall spot! For the price, we will definitely go back.I had a groupon for this place so I decided to try it while visiting NOLA. They don't have any options for vegetarians, however a member of my group said the tuna was outstanding. The staff aren't very friendly, but they got the job done. They're a bit slow too. I would probably not go back, but the experience wasn't that bad at all.Saw a sign out front, said jambalaya lunch special which sounded perfect. Went in and sat at bar, turned out jambalaya was not cooked fully yet...bummed. Went with a burger which I was pleasantly surprised was delicious. Bartender was very sweet didn't get her name, but would go back, food is great.The food was good. Steak perfect. Bread was blah. Mashed taters were meh. Service was ok. She forgot my drink and i reminded her when i got my food. She was busy it seemed, but only had 4 tables. Im in the industry... Its not a lot.  She was nice... It wasnt the greatest experience but it wasnt horrible like other places here.Being pregnant, I was craving broccoli and mashed potatoes, so we chose this place based on the availability of both. We were pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness of everything we ordered. The gumbo was the best I've had, the gator bites with remoulade sauce were delicious. My husbands ribeye was cooked perfectly as ordered (medium rare) and my redfish with crawfish mushroom sauce was tasty as well. The mashed potatoes were chunky with skins and were more than satisfying. They practically gave me a half a head of steamed broccoli. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Would definitely go back and try everything on the menu of we lived local!Alright, so when they say steak and lobster, they mean it, everything else is deep fried and/or not fresh. How is that possible? 
Our waitress was nice and honest. I had questions about the menu and she answered all of them, honestly. I had to reselect 3 times after hearing her answers. I did not want breaded anything, but the shrimp was the only thing fresh after the lobster and the steak and it only came fried. 
I ordered the gumbo first, it was great, but with huge chunks of blue crab in it. Who in their right mind is going to eat a soup with a spoon and then dig in and tear about a crab with their bare hands??? Why was it in there? There could have been more soup instead I had the crab I wouldn't dare tear into. 
The food came out and I specifically asked for no catfish and just shrimp, oysters and clams. Well there were no clams either. Oh joy. 
So I had a huge plate of breaded shrimp and 4 oysters.  I was dissapointed, but there were so many shrimp that I wasn't THAT upset. 
My boyfriend had the filet mignon, he said it was great. I didn't try a piece I was now filled to the brim with shrimp. 
The one man band is a BAD IDEA. He does not heighten the experience. He is horrible, he plays the flute, and the piano, and sings in a few different octaves, badly! LOSE HIM!I took a date here on a Saturday night. It was the day of a big college football game in the Dome so parking in Quarter was even more atrocious than normal. The Star Steak & Lobster House is a small joint right near the touristy Canal side of the Quarter and boy it shows.
Now as a bit of backstory, when I was in highschool I worked with my grandfather on our cattle farm in Missouri. when I was leaving for New Orleans he told me that while they may be some of the best cooks there, if he remembers correctly they couldn't cook a steak to save their lives since there aren't much cattle farming opportunities on the swampland. 
Now, years later, his words ring truer than ever. While the service was acceptable, the food was sub-par, especially for the high price. The SS&LH is more of a gross parody of New Orleans food than an actual restaurant. The reason I frequented the joint was a deal I got through Groupon, so at least I had an excuse; I'm not sure about the other 4 people who were at the other tables.
The atmosphere was dingy, the live musician was a mediocre flutist playing over some backing tracks, the whole thing was New Orleans gone wrong. For one, I am pretty sure my side of sauteed mushrooms were microwaved before they brought them out. Correct me if I am wrong, but I am pretty sure after a light treatment of butter in a frying pan it isn't proper to place the mushrooms in a bowl or water. I may have been born at night, but it wasn't last night; these mushrooms were nuked.
The drink prices were ridiculous as well. $4.50 for Turbodog??? I can pick up a 6-pack at Win-Dixie for seven dollars after their markup. I know the quarter is expensive, but this may be criminal.
To be frank, there is no reason to come to this restaurant, and tourists and locals alike should stay away. If you are really jonesing for a steak, just go to Applebee's. You will get better food, or at least comparable, for cheaper, plus you don't have to park in the quarter. You are in New Orleans, there is no excuse to go to an overpriced mediocre restaurant.We first visited the "Star Steak and Lobster" back in March of 2015. It's one of those hole-in-the-wall places that you can find all over New Orleans. Back then, we were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices, good live music, and friendly, efficient service. My wife enjoys lobster, and the appeal of a place where it's reasonably priced, and not overwhelming in amount of food was high.
So, last month, we thought we'd pay another visit. Interestingly, the name had changed, but we were told, upon seating, that the ownership was the same. 
 It was early in the evening, and the place was only about  full. We were disappointed that there was no live music. Our waitress was pleasant and friendly, but rather inefficient when it came to getting our drinks in a timely manner. My wife ordered the single lobster tail with baked potato and a side of veggie, while I had the strip steak - I ordered it to be cooked medium.
I don't eat lobster, so I can't comment on her meal, so I'll just talk about mine. The best thing about the steak was that it was, indeed, cooked medium. It was a rather thin cut of meat and rather flavorless. I've had better at Ponderosa or any steak chain of that sort. The "loaded" baked potato had cheese, bacon and chives on it, along with a healthy dollop of butter. Unfortunately, it was tepid...to the point that the butter hardly melted when I put it on. Likewise, the steak was barely warm. As a veggie, we had some tough, undercooked asparagus.
It's sad to see a place which, a few years ago, would have found a nice niche clientele - informal, relatively inexpensive food in a great location, deteriorate to a sub-par restaurant.
We won't be returning.We stopping in here on a whim for breakfast and it was very good. Everything was freshly made and delicious. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meals. Very good breakfast.The food was out of this world.  True pride in what they make.  Not sure why this is 3 stars.  Everyone was super nice and accommodating.  Fact is we came back for dinner after lunch.  We will keep coming back.  Hmmm if the ratings are low the crowds will stay away.UPDATE:  Ate here for daughters graduation...  When I made reservations,  didn't pick up on name change.   Big mistake!   Food bad,  service bad.   Oh well,  was a good find,  not now under new ownership.  
-----------------
Original review:
Don't let the name scare you.  A great find amongst all the other restaurants in NOLa.  Not crowded, great service and amazing food.
Easy to get in on a busy convention week in NOLa.  Definitely will be back on many trips to NOLa.Service was great. Donna was our waitress. She was very nice. The food was good. The live entertainment was great. The man sang and played multiple instruments.This place did not get off to a great start with me, as within two minutes of being seated, three of us had water drip on us from the ceiling.  After we switched tables though, all was mostly well.  The menu is pretty much straight up lobster and steak, with a few fish dishes.  I have to admit, I was pretty excited by the fact that you can add a lobster tail to any entree for an additional $9.  I love me some lobster.
I ended up getting the surf and turf, which came with an 8oz, perfectly cooked filet mignon, a lobster tail, and four large fried shrimp.  While I'm usually meh towards fried shrimp, the batter was deliciously spicy and the shrimp was cooked extremely well, that I really enjoyed it.  This also came with a salad with a tasty house Italian dressing, and a loaded baked potato with all the fixins.  The whole surf and turf meal comes in at about $35, but with the amount of food that you get, it's more than worth it.
It also helps that this place accepts restaurant.com gift certificates, which saved us all a little bit of cash.  Well worth it if you can plan that far ahead!We had a really nice meal there on our honeymoon. It was dirty linen night as well as the day of the red dress run, so everywhere was packed.  Though the restaurant is small, we only had to wait a few minutes. We sat at the bar, the bartender was great, recommended some great drinks. I got the blackened rib eye steak, which was awesome and not too salty. My wife had the shrimp and crab cake and fettuccine alfredo. Unfortunately they were out of crab cakes, however they offered to substitute chicken in its place and it ended up being delicious. Overall, we had a nice meal and would definitely go back again.We had a great dinner tonight!
Penny was our waitress. She was great as well as our bartender.  Everyone was accommodating! We had a group of 8. We were seated immediately. The atmosphere is  very cool & you feel like you have found a hidden gem in the quarter!Was here last night. 
I was nervous b/c we were hungry and saw this place and sat down. While killing time, I looked up yelp reviews on phone. Saw the extreme aversion and then the extreme love and I knew it'd be a crapshoot. 
Bread wasn't the best I've ever had. 
Water tasted weird.
Steak seemed...tough. I ordered medium rare and they gave me medium. Had to put salt and pepper to salvage it. Got tired of chewing 80% of the way and gave rest to male friend. 
Loaded potatoes were good though.
Asparagus were like 6 puny asparagus for like 7 bucks. Bummed. 
Had the cheesecake. That was disappointing too. 
I don't know. I wasn't a fan. I initially wanted the Porterhouse. They said they were out. It was 8:08 pm on a Friday evening. Seriously? You're out? It's not even that busy. 
Our server may have something to do with it too. No utensils on table for 45 minutes. No drink refills. He didn't know the difference between Irish coffee and Bailey's coffee. Just seemed really overwhelmed and it made us uncomfortable. 
Oh and there's a dude who is a one man band thing. Awful. Just awful. I was getting a headache from all the noise production. 
I should have gone somewhere else.I was in town for pleasure mixed with a little business. I invited my client here. I had the filet mignon and he ribeye and alfredo. All was very good. He actually stated that might have been the best steak he'd ever had. Our waitress, Vanessa was very good and personable. The host was very nice. The chef checked on our satisfaction twice. I would definitely go back here. Great food and staff! Thx for a memorable time.We had breakfast here while we were in town for a convention.  What we learned is if there isn't a line on the sidewalk, you should skip it.  
It happens.They without a doubt have the best BBQ shrimp in the french quarters . They are absolutely fantabulous.....Get the lobster bisque. Yum! 2 lobster tails at a very reasonable price. Steak was good too. Would go back.I am giving this place 5 stars because I think it's currently under rated.  had the blackened rib-eye and the lobster bisque.  both were incredible.  my wife had the garlic filet.  I loved that also.  we ordered both steaks rare and they were cooked to perfection ( something that  almost never happens when ordering rare.).  service and atmosphere were also greatWe were lured in here by the nicest man who was outside waving the menu around. It was nearing the end of lunch and he sat us while explaining how much more expensive it gets for dinner. We almost didn't make it to order since the server took a bit to greet us. We ordered a sauteed shrimp salad and a shrimp poboy. 
We were one of 2 parties at the restaurant and our food took almost 30 minutes to arrive. I know that shrimp (which were tiny) take about 5 minutes to be sauteed and/or fried. Source: Ive worked at plenty seafood restaurants. Even if its not 5 minutes, definitely not 30. When the food arrived, the poboy shrimp had clearly not been deveined and the sauteed shrimp were tiny and flavorless. The server didn't check on us at all during that time and avoided my angry eye contact. Also, the croutons looked like the kind you get in a bag at kroger.
Since this is a Steak and Lobster House, I would suggest ordering that and not going for lunch. Terrible experience and waste of a meal in New Orleans. You can have something better for lunch for sure.Never again!!! Not even with a Groupon would I go back. My boyfriend and I were both starving when we went, that is the ONLY reason I did not walk out and leave my meal.  I ordered the "slow roasted" Prime Rib, which came out cold. It was not even warm through and through. He had the Porter House steak which was thin. The only thing that was OK was the creamed spinach, kinda hard to mess that up.
Can not complain about the service, it was fine. The place had a dirty smell to it and water spots on the ceiling. Our bill was 90, including tip. We had no appetizers, only one drink each. We checked out the lobster tank on the way out and they looked like crawfish on steroids. 
Not even a Groupon would get me to go back. :((Really friendly staff and great food. Definitely a nice little hole in the wall with a cool old school feel, like it's been there for 100 years (probably has).So far so enjoyable! Came here with a coupon deal, and got so much more! The place is adorable New Orleans! Of course we met up with Star Joey, who was so ever lovin cute! I got a check in offer for buy one drink at the bar get one free. Two tequila shots and one old fashioned only $12.... Unreal!
I tried some of my mom's appetizer of tomato and mozzarella. Nothing to scream about. For dinner I went all out. Combo of filet/lobster tail/fried shrimp/loaded baked potato. Filet was great, medium well, tender. The lobster tail was a little tough and chewy, typical lobster. Fried shrimp was delish! Loved the batter. Loaded potato was average, however, this was more food than I've eaten in a long time! Tried a bite of my rents desserts. The bread pudding was oh so yum, and the chocolate mousse cake was very rich and chocolately. 
The atmosphere was adorable, space right but quite homey. There was also live music. Would definitely recommend it and would come back again.Well, this is a pricey french 1/4 restaurant. I think the only spectacular item we had was the lobster bisque which was $6 a cup. but it was good.
the seafood dishes were middle of the road. the redfish was fishy tasting(I guess its supposed to be that way) and nothing special about the lobster tails, though they seemed a bit cold, like the baked potato I had to send back because it was cold! the creamed spinach was watery! gross. the pecan pie was most likely a food service frozen pie of sorts, better to save one's calories for something worthwhile. 
I think its one of those french 1/4 places with the charge a lot for anything attitude, as there is always another tourist coming!I went the day after Christmas. The place was clean  (its old people!). The waitress was very nice. The early bird special for $17.95 provided several 3 course meal options. I had a salad, broiled redfish with a creole sauce, étouffée , rice and bread pudding for $17.95. The table even came with free garlic bread. My kids had the New Orleans sampler with their deal. Where can you get all that for that price in New Orleans!  Food was good, $5 drink special were strong and our belly's were full! Go before 6:45pm.Things started good then went down hill fast. The BBQ shrimp were great. But then it took over an hour for entree to arrive. My 8 ounce Steak was easily the worst I've ever eaten. It upsets me how bad the food was and how much I had to pay for it. Even the coffee was horrid. But the service was okay.Came in for the "cocktails to go" and ended up staying for food, more drinks, and the live music! The bartender was super friendly and even brought us samples of some items she recommended. Try the bbq shrimp and ask for extra bread! The sauce is unlike anything else. We ordered the Taste of New Orleans and gator bites.This is no Drago's, but by all means the food is **Superb**! I loooove the Jazz music on Friday and the staff is very pleasant! xoxoFood was good I was disappointed that the crab cakes are not fresh.  Cute place nice staff.My girlfriend and I were looking for new places to eat around the New Orleans area and found this place online and decided since it was my birthday to invite a couple of friends to come along too. 
The environment is very relaxing and subtle. The service was a little slow but that might have been because we had a group of 8. But what they lacked in service, they made up for it in the quality of their food!
Pretty much all the food was excellent with the exception of the Crab Bisque, which was just like a runny soup... Would not recommend it. 
Here's a list of the appetizers we ordered. (All which were excellent!)
-Alligator Sausage 
-Stuffed mushrooms
-BBQ Shrimp
-Louisiana Crab Cakes
-Seared Tuna
I ordered the Louisiana Stuffed Filet and my girlfriend ordered the fried seafood platter. The Filet was cooked perfectly(medium rare) and was excellent! The seafood platter was also good and did not taste very oily at all for being fried. 
We will be coming back again!All together this place is a gem. You could definitely find better all around food elsewhere in New Orleans, but the ambience, character and value make for a good night out. It's an old school, perhaps even divey, steak and cocktail bar with attentive, non-pretentious service. Solid to excellent food. Pecan pie was outstanding. The entertainment the night we visited played jazz, Elvis and gospel switching between his sax, piano and flute and giving commentary on his take on music history.Great place for a steak. Period. Regardless if we are in New Orleans or Austin or San Antonio. Food is always great and I recommend it definitely.This is my kind of joint. The ambiance is old timey. The staff was friendly. The drinks were stiff. The food was so-so, but everything else made up for that. I had a fresh lobster and my bf had a ribeye. The ribeye was a bit over-seasoned. The baked potatoes were tasty.I have never had more rude service and the food was sub par at best. Do not eat here. Not worth the money and definitely not worth your time. Literally never had such awful service in my life. You'd be better off spending your money at McDs. Guarantee the food is better than this crap and for sure the people taking your order would be nicerJust a really great dinning experience from the food to the service, and even better because it's away from the Bourbon St craziness and "real."  
My most recent visit to Nola & Star Steak & Lobster was during Super Bowl week.  Was out most of the day and craving a nice sit-down casual dinner as a calming end of the day meal.  Had an amazing lobster dinner, great attentive service that perfectly hit the spot.  I'd eaten at the restaurant in 2011 when visiting and everything was similarly enjoyable.
In particular, kudos to my server (I cant remember his name but I believe he's been there awhile as he looked familiar from 2011).  Also as I called the restaurant at 920ish to ask if they were still serving (closes at 10 on a weekday and I didnt want to be one of "those" guests who shows up before closing and delays the restaurant closing or the staff getting to leave for the day).   The person at the other end was most gracious and said to absolutely come on down (I said I could be there in 10 mins).
Thanks for a wonderful dining experience all the way around.Never Had a Steak so Good .  I could drive 3hrs again just to have another one that good..
We had the best service ever.. We enjoyed and would go back everyday if it wasn't 3hrs away!Great spot for locals and tourist. Food was phenomenal and service was great. Try the Tuna appIncredible and addictive Lobster Bisque and Bread, but the steak was a little overcookedThis was a very nice small quite restaurant. Arriving with only one other guest filled up quick with only a few tables left. The menu has nice choices, the prices were great, service from my waiter was excellent and I enjoyed the food tremendously!We bought the Groupon and weren't sure what to expect because of the 3 star rating on Yelp. 
The customer service was excellent Penny was pleasant and quick on refilling my water. 
The food (filet and whipped potatoes and blackened ribeye) were awesome.  I didn't need the sauce I ordered because my filet was so flavorful.  
I would highly recommend this place.  It is very well priced.We have eaten here a few times. Each time the food has been excellent as well as the service. Quiet intimate setting in the French Quarter away from the crowds on Bourbon Street. My filet was tender and juicy and the Bloody Mary was among the best in town.All I can say is Five stars!  Food is freshly prepared, gumbo, alligator bites, and a seafood platter. Uhmmmm. Ask for Angela. She was our waitress,  and she was very kind and sweet...Thank you Angela for the great food at a Great Price...even the music was perfect!I would avoid this place with a ten-foot pole, they are a disgrace to an otherwise one of the friendliest communities - french quarter in new orleans.
We went for a lunch (I and my daughter) and were seated fairly quickly at a table right in front of the bar. When not a lot of places were open for Christmas, it was surprising but then, we quickly realized why - the ceiling had a leak, and the water was dripping (sometimes straight onto my daughter's glass of water)
Anyways, considering the fact that we had walked a mile to search for an open restaurant, we preferred scooting on to a side, while we placed our orders, and looked forward to a nice holiday brunch.
At first, they didn't take anyone sitting on that table seriously, it seems, for it took them nearly ten minutes to get us a glass of water, and a menu... After this inordinate delay, we decided it's best if we quickly order so as to avoid any more delays...
We ordered their "special" redfish "amer" and a gumbo bowl... The "special" is supposed to be served with mixed vegetables and roasted garlic potatoes.  When the dish arrived at the table, we started to eat and were nearly half way through our meal when we realized that the potatoes were missing - so I requested for my server to bring them
This gentleman, very casually informs us - "yeah, they're out of potatoes, sorry"  and I'm a little annoyed at his attitude - wouldn't it be customary to have you come to my table and ask me if I wanted a replacement, rather than just dump the dish on my table and forget about it?
Anyways, I asked him such and then he, instead of being of help, simply offered french fries - so, if I wanted fish and chips, I would have asked so, right?  Next, I ask him about the vegetables and he says, "yeah, they're out of veggies, so they're only serving broccoli" .. by this time, I wasn't in the mood to argue any more, so we politely asked him for our check, paid and left.
In total, it left a very bad taste on an otherwise fantastic holiday experience that we're having in New Orleans.
I think this place treats their patrons like in a sleazy nightclub, for that's what they turn into, after the sun sets.. Nevertheless, never stepping foot in this place again!Narrow, deep and dark, on a block full of restaurants that are narrow, deep and dark...
The only reason we ate at this joint is because my sweetheart had gotten us a Groupon for it while still in Carolina... and by the time I spotted the hustler at the door (the guy trying to snag business off the street), it was too late to turn back.  Granted, on lower Decatur there are lots of places hustling diners...
Once inside, I felt... hustled.  Used.  Cheap.  Tawdry.  Okay, let me stop right there - because that's when our waiter came by.  I'm loath to mention his name, because I don't want to get him into any trouble.  Yeah, he pushed the specials and the overpriced wine like he was supposed to.  He met less resistance than he would have had we not come armed with our 1/2 price Groupon, so he became very helpful.  He even told my sweetie that the only difference between the pan-seared ahi tuna and the appetizer by the same name was that the former came with sides, and the latter was sliced.  It was otherwise identical.  The same weight.  With a $13 difference.
As it was, her tuna was alright.  Not bad, mind you, but not the kind of meal that would have me beating a path to their door, either.  Just alright.  The same goes for my stuffed fillet.  I guess I'm spoiled; the Shula's 347 in Chapel Hill has got THE filet to beat, and this one didn't come close.  It was good, mind you, but not what you expect from a filet... especially for that price.
Even the dessert was... alright.  We'd finished it and paid the bill before our coffee came.  Just sayin.'This place gets 4 stars because of Adrian's service!!!The food was good ( the mashed potatoes were REALLY awesome ). I had the ribeye and my friends had other entrees. There were no complaints except if your a vegetarian this probably isn't the best place to eat.... There are very few vegetarian or vegan options. The reason why Adrian was great was bc one of our drinks came out very poorly ( there was like a drop of alcohol in it) and what did Adrian do? He got behind the counter and made the drink himself and it came out perfect!!! With such a big group he was able to satisfy all of us which really makes a difference... Especially during Mardi Gras!!!I was just in New Orleans for four days, and this is by far the worst place I went to.  I ordered a BBQ shrimp po' boy, and all I received were some shrunken shrimp on some really bad bread.  There was no BBQ sauce, and there were no dressings for the po' boy.  This was not a po' boy; it was an accident.  For the $13 this terrible sandwich cost me, there was much better and much more food one could buy almost anywhere.Loved my blackened catfish and the fact we could get a table and served without a hassle at 7 PM.Solid food and service for a touristy location that hawks groupons. The portions were sizeable and the meat tender. The live music was an added bonus and the bar tenders seemed pretty cool as we waited to be seated. Well worth a visit, especially if you have the groupon.Definitely meh... We were trying to find a place for breakfast on the way to the aquarium without too much of a wait on a Saturday morning. Stopped here and it was enough to fill our bellies, but not enough to impress us. 
I got the BBQ Shrimp & Grits and it was just alright, but wasn't as good or authentic as I was hoping it would be (I just noticed that they didn't look anything like the BBQ Shrimp photos I've seen posted for this restaurant by other reviewers, including the fact that they were much smaller and already shelled). 
My boyfriend got the Crab Cake Benedict and the poached egg was overcooked. The crab cakes on it were actually pretty good, but I'm not convinced that they weren't pre-made as they looked very evenly molded and perfectly coated with breadcrumbs... Just made me a bit suspicious because I expect fresh in New Orleans. 
We also got mimosas that were just too sweet. I am used to having a drier champagne in a mimosa to balance the sweetness of the OJ, but they definitely used a spumante or some other very sweet sparkling wine.
Additional tip for management: nix the garnish, including the dried parsley (or whatever it is) on the rim of all the plates. It's very antiquated and unnecessary - let the food speak for itself!I had the crab cakes, which were pretty great. Also shared the New York steak and lobster tails. Ordered the steak medium and it looked like it was cooked perfectly, but the meat was excessively tough and chewy. Not great.We were watching the parades during Mardi Gras and started craving a steak. We came here based off the reviews and Star did not disappoint! Great food and atmosphere! Literally everything on the menu is delicious! Karen Berry was our waitress and the service was wonderful .The ribeye steak I had could've used a little more seasoning, but the cook on it was perfect. I asked for medium rare and that's exactly what they gave me. The owner was so friendly. He personally came to our table to present the birthday boy with a pumpkin cheesecake and sang with us. The chef gave us complementary gator bits. We ate it up, simply delicious. If you're looking for good staff this is it.The lobster was what it was billed.,the service was excellent, I would return for the same meal. David B.The thing about New Orleans, is if you are staying in-near The Quarter, it's a great idea to do a little research as to nook-and-cranny restaurants that locals and visitors like -- vs. parade blindly down Bourbon St and catatonically walk into the first restaurant that "looks" good.
Star Steak & Lobster was recommended on afew sites including Yelp and it did not disappoint for a relaxing, dining-solo comfort dinner on Fri 9/2.  Heck I even hiked a few blocks in torrential downpours.  
The service:   A +++ thanks mostly to my server, Kevin, who was extremely friendly, attentive, accommodating, and had a going-the-extra-mile attitude.  Moreover, the vibe from the staff, from Joey the famous doorman (unlike Bourbon St folks, he is helpful and friendly vs aggressive/obnoxious) to the other servers and bartenders, was just very upbeat and friendly.  You could see that folks enjoy working there, with customers/coworkers, and have a lot of enthusiasm.  Add the live entertainer music, and it's a great vibe for a relaxing atmopshere ina cozy restaurant.
The food:   As I had a social networking gift cert, I sampled some of my favorite items in conjunction with what other diners have really liked on Yelp reviews.  BBQ shrimp were awesome -- you could almost make a meal say with a salad and the homebaked bread.  Crabcake was just OK (maybe a bit more of filler? or could just be me) and my lobster dinner was very good and gigantic (1.5 lbs...other places go twd 1.25 or less) and yummy in the thicker areas (tail) but a lil watert/not as firm on some others.  Bread pudding, which is homemade, was outstanding.  
Very enjoyable solo diner meal out, relaxed, freshing, pampering, and a yummy New orleans experience.  Thanks Kevin and colleagues!I hate to be that person. The person that gives a place one star. But our experience here was truly awful. 
We had reservations for New Year's Eve, but when we showed up Star Joey got all frantic and said "I told them not to make reservations for two people, you're going to have to wait by the bar." Mind you, the bar seats six people, and every stool was taken by people dining at the bar. We stood there for a few minutes, then he came back and took us to the first table in the room. The table was fine, except that it was directly in front of the one man band. The vibrations from his music almost made it hard to eat. 
So things started shaky, but we were happy to have a table. We waited about 5 minutes, then we were brought menus and the manager told us he would be right back. About 15 minutes passed and we still had no waiter, but finally one came along and gave us a wine list. We ordered a bottle of the Sterling Merlot and it was great. 
The rest of the meal went ok. I had the garlic fillet and it was excellent, and my husband had the cajun fillet, and it was also wonderful. Part of my husband's fillet was very undercooked, but aside from that, it was a perfect. I think the veggies that came with the steak may have been frozen though... ewe. 
We wanted to have one more glass of wine before leaving, so we asked the manager if we could have the merlot by the glass. That was when he said we'd have to check with the bartender and that he was sorry but we really needed to go to the bar because there was a couple that had been waiting for our table for an hour and a half. Normally, I would understand and be happy to go to the bar, but the six person bar was still completely full, now with even more people standing around it, so going to the bar wasn't really an option. He basically asked us to leave after we'd spent over $100 on steak and wine. I don't care if it's New Year's Eve and they over-booked, and are short chefs (the manager told us one of the chefs walked out that evening) you just don't ask your customers to leave! It's a real shame the service was so awful because the food was good. I doubt I'll be able to go back.We went to Star Steak house with a groupon we had gotten before coming to town, so its to say we went there blind.  But we were NOT disappointed!  I had the Prime Rib and it was as good as any i've had anywhere in america!  my wife had a great deal of two lobster tails.
We also had a delicious slice of Bourbon pie for dessert  and couldn't have been happier with our meal overall.
We will be coming back next time we visit NOLA!A very, very bad experience. Our hotel recommended this place because it is within walking distance. 1- no alcohol, you have to go next door to get it. 2- it took 15 minutes to place an order on a mildly empty night. 3- it took an additional 40 minutes for our order to arrive. 4- they gave us free seafood gumbo in the house since the service was so slow but inside the gumbo was a big chunk of a hard shelled crab-- the shell almost cracked my friend's tooth because she bit down. If she would have swallowed it she would have choked. 5- I ordered my steak medium and it came raw. I didn't send it back bc I just wanted to get out of there. 6- there was actual dirt in the bottom of our glasses. 7- the female server was very disinterested and seemed that we were making her job hard. For example, she brought out homemade A1 for the steaks and we asked if we could each get sauce since we both ordered a steak. She told us no bc that was the end of the sauce. The male server did work hard to try to make things right and he went back and made additional sauce to bring out. Something was really going on in the kitchen and/or with the management. The male server actually had another restaurant's shirt on as if he didn't work at Estrella's and was just covering someone's shift. Just an overall horrendous meal and I wouldn't recommend anyone coming here, ever.Great food and our waiter Asante was very entertaining. We had dinner at 6pm and the prime rib wasn't quite ready yet but the New York strip was an excellent substitute.Wow.  What a thief the owner is.  The word incompetent doesn't even begin to describe his hostess either or the lying owner.   
So tonight we happened to be walking by and remembered we had some expired "get my perks" (just like groupon) to this place.  We asked outside if they took the expired vouchers for the amount we paid $25.  The deal was $25 gets you $50.  Knowing these expired a long time ago we asked the hostess before we entered.   She said sure.  We then said "are you sure?" She said let me check.  She called the owner who was upstairs on the phone. She explained these were not Groupons but get my perks and were expired over the phone.  He agreed to take it she said.  
We then sat down to a mediocre meal.  Last two times we have been the shrimp are over cooked, the mushrooms cold and fish cold.   Potato is way to small too.  But anyways back to the crappy owner and staff.  
After our meal we asked for the bill, the waitress was too busy on her phone most of the time and we have a 10 month old that wanted to leave.  I explained to our waitress that the hostess/bartender can explain the voucher.  
The owner then returned with my voucher and said he can't take it!  Really??? after we were upfront and wouldn't have ate there!   That is theft. 
I told him I wasn't happy and by law he needs to do the $25 if not the whole amount.  I was fine with that even.  (I think he recently bought the place and previous owner didn't disclose his debts to groupon, perks, etc). He offered $20 off which to me is still thievery.  
He said "no no no" and left.   I told him I wasn't happy and he will be hearing from me.  This is step one.  This meal will end up costing him more as I am a local, I like to talk about great and bad places, he broke the law and his staff and he lied.  I plan to involve whoever it takes because I was robbed.Overall, I would definitely eat there again!
The entrance and appearance are that it is just a hole in the wall. Although the decorations and furniture are nothing exciting, the dining area was clean.
We are here for lunch. The place only had maybe 5 tables occupied and a few at the bar. The one waiter was able to sufficiently serve everyone. He was lively, attentive, and gave advice about menu items.
We tried the "Taste of New Orleans" and a shrimp appetizer. The entire meal was excellent! What a delicious surprise for this hole in the wall. What a treat!The food was a bit pricey and average at best...won't be visiting again...not a fan at all...the waitress, Lori, was mad cool tho.  If u go, I'd recommend you sit in her section.My honey ordered the ribeye. It was not cooked correctly. I had the shrimp and crab cake fettuccine. It was really good. I gave this place 2 stars because the staff all seemed really unprofessional and inappropriate. One lady was actually counting out her money in front of all the customers and arguing with another waitress regarding who owed who what. The table wobbled the whole meal and it took 20 minutes to order. The only reason I gave this place a 2 instead of a 1 is because the gumbo was exceptional!!! My advice, order the gumbo to go and eat in your hotel room.The restaurant was out of a number of items that I attempted to order.  Once I got my food it was simply mediocre and the service was less than desirable.  As a local, not sure why I keep trying this place and hoping the owner will one day get it together.The only place in the world where I literally ravaged a 16-oz prime rib steak without any regrets.  The last time I was in New Orleans, I think we ate here 3 out of 5 nights...my body hated me afterwords, but it was worth every bite.I ordered the Catfish ByWater with Crawfish Tails and Whipped Potatoes...so amazingly good. The service...ehh. If the lady who attended me was a little friendlier and attentive, I would have given it a 5 star. The gentleman at the front door was very nice and accomodating. I would come back here for the food.1 hour to get bread. 90 minutes for a salad and appetizer. 2 hours for a medium rare "blackened" rib eye that had zero flavor and was not in any way blackened but was almost well done.  I think they baked it instead of grilling it. if "Sheri"  the waitress had done more serving and less shots with the table next to us(yes, we watched her so 2 shots with them) it may have been better. And how do you "run out"  of mashed potatoes and baked potatoes? though the table she did shots with magically got potatoes. 
never again.My husband and I had a Groupon to use while in NOLA and really enjoyed our meal at The Star Steak and Lobster House.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive and I found the atmosphere cozy and romantic.  It's a very small restaurant and about half the tables were full when we went on a Tuesday night.  There was no live music.  My husband and I both started with salads--my husband had the house salad and was a tad disappointed that the dressing option was so scant (only three options) but I was thrilled with my tomato, basil, mozzarella appetizer.  I was kind of surprised that there was no "surf and turf" option on the menu. So my husband ordered the porterhouse steak and I ordered the pair of lobster tails and we shared.  Both the steak and the lobster were perfectly done--tender, juicy, and delicious.  I see that Star has received several 1-star ratings, and most of them seem to be on very busy nights (Super Bowl, Mardi Gras, etc.).  All I can say is that my visit was outstanding and I'd definitely go back again.If I knew how bad this experience would have been, I would not have even bought the groupon. I went to Star and was told by the greeter he would be right back after seating one table before us. Since this is a small restaurant I found it odd to wait over 5 min for the greeter to return. He said that he wanted to get us a better table so I ignored the wait. Once seated, the server didnt greet us until after atleast 15min. He told the person I was with a beer list, and listed the Mardi Gras Abita which he ordered. We needed to remind the server to bring it after the apps were out and he brought out a purple haze instead. The person with me needed to go up to the bar himself to fix this since we couldnt find our server. Also found out they didn't have the Mardi Gras Abita beer he had ordered. Salads were gross and the server switched up with one needed extra dressing (i like my salads almost dry and instead was scraping dressing off with my knife). Lobster and bread pudding were good but the sides (asparagus and mushrooms were disgusting). Mushrooms seemed like they were fresh out the sysco can with some water drained out and butter thrown in with the mushrooms. Took everything in me not to spit them out. After horrible service and food that didnt make up for the wait we were VERY ready to leave. The check came with the groupon discount, charged for the beer, and a nice 18% grat for our table of 2. We thought a 10% tip would be pushing it for the service we got and were insulted by the automatic tip that was not in the rules of the deal. Had to speak to the manager to sort things out. If anything the one-man-band deserved any form of a tip in this place. 
        Will never return here, cant find one redeeming quality about this place.I was surprised.  I was expecting it to be "ok".
The food was actually pretty tasty and the service was as good as any other place I have had in New Orleans.  The guy playign music that night was a bit awkward but funny.
Get the Groupon/Living Social or Yelp deal.
Only complaint was the guy outside with the sign was unprofessional towards women.If I could give it no stars I would. Not only the worst meal I've ever had in New Orleans, it was one of the worst meals I've ever had period.
Gumbo was terrible, brothy and unfilling. Large Po Boy had literally 8 small shrimp in the whole sandwich. At one point we were actually laughing at how comically bad the food was. 
Server was just as bad, actually disappeared for a good 30 mins while we were waiting for our food. Complete joke.During our first night in New Orleans, my friends and I were looking for a place for dinner. We stumbled upon Star Steak & Lobster's sidewalk sign promoting their Cajun Stuffed Filet Mignon. It was a perfectly cooked steak stuffed with essentially a delicious crab cake. Awesome all around and everyone was extremely happy with their meals. The menu ranges from $10-$40 so you don't have to spend a fortune to have great food. The service was excellent as well. Our waitress Penny took great care of us and being that we had never been to NOLA before she made some great recommendations. She was fantastic and if you decide to stop in request her and let her know the Bachelor Party from Jersey sent ya! Loved the whole experience.I really really liked this place.  I have eaten here twice and both times were good.   It is a little more than I usually spend, but I would certainly go again.  My steak was overcooked and I dinged them a star for that small point only.I had the stuffed Cajun steak- absolutely superb! Makes me miss living in New Orleans!Ordered 2 drinks from here and meh.  Not great. They talked me out of the drink I wanted to order and the one they suggested wasn't great. The Pims Coke had coke it in (which I wasn't expecting). Drinks were a tad pricey for what we got. Won't be hitting this place up again.We went in with a groupon that I forgot in my hotel room, but was able to pull up on my phone and they took it with no problem! Nice and cozy ambiance, very good musician who plays the flute and keyboard and sang. He played magnificently! I love anyone who plays the flute when they do it well, I used to play myself! I had the Surf and Turf oh boy the filet was cooked to perfection and the lobster was fantastic, it included shrimp with cocktail sauce that was delicious and a loaded potato which has butter then cheese and sour cream last, (just like I make it at home!) My husband had the catfish and it was absolutely the best he had ever had. It also came with fried oysters and fries. He loved it! We had cocktails and they were great a mint julep and a Pimms. My husband found this New (hahaha) drink that can only be found in NOLA!!! He loved it! The bread pudding was fantastic also!
 Thanks Sunshine and the rest of the gang at the STAR!!!! 
Loved itAfter standing in line at another establishment, my husband and I decided to find a place less crowded. We stumbled upon Estrellas which looked inviting.  We were greeted by a young lady at the bar who looked like she had better things to do. I asked if we could eat at the bar and she said no and pointed to a table. There were approximately 4 other families enjoying dinner, two of which had parties of 6 or more. The restaurant appeared to be short staffed because we and other diners waited to have our order taken. After about 10 to 15 minutes a nice lady appeared and apologized for the wait.  We placed our order in its entirety because we feared we would have to wait again.    The restaurant slowly started to fill with hungry diners and our waitress handled it as well as she could by herself.  The lady behind the bar seemed to disappear, but soon reappeared with a CVS bag!  I guess she did have something better to do. 
Soon a gentleman appeared, I believe the owner and he jumped in to help. I soon noticed several patrons sitting at the bar eating. Keep in mind they arrived at least 30 minutes after us.  Wait, I thought that there was no dining at the bar and how did they get their food before us?  By now I was a bit perturbed so I decided to let the owner know what happened. He said that he was the bartender and when we arrived he wasn't there. That's why we were instructed to dine at a table. I accepted his explanation and apology and as soon as I sat down, he went to the back and our meal arrived.  
I had the New Orleans sampler and hubby had crawfish. Oh we also had bbq shrimp, all of which were outstanding. The owner stopped back by and offered us 2 beers on the house that we gladly accepted.  If not for the long wait and experience from the beginning, I would have given 5 stars.Really good food and really friendly service. No, it's not perfect- the service is great! The waitress was so personable and friendly that she really made us feel welcome. Great atmosphere as well. Enjoyed the live sax musicSherri is the best you could ask for. Estrella itself exceeded our expectations! We already knew it had good scores on Yelp, but the in person in experience knocked it out the park.
Quick service - although we did come on a Monday afternoon - but very warm and welcome. Steak well done was still juicy, lobster was thick, and gumbo wasn't too salty.
The catfish came with sautéed crab meat - delicious. They have a good balance of seafood and meats cooked well. The boudin balls could be a little less dry, but that's a very minor observation. Would absolutely come back here again. Thank you Sherri for a better hurricane than Pat O Briens!
There aren't any raw oysters, but they offer several fried oyster dishes. I know gumbo is generally good in this area but I particularly liked Estrella's gumbo. A good mixture of rice, seafood mix, and sauce.
Thank you Estrella for a good first time at New Orlean's. I think we just found our go-to spot :)First things first... Don't fall for any deals for this place. Like many others I bought a deal but it was not honored. They have multiple excuses ready, even though there isn't any restrictions  mentioned in the fine print of the deal. 
Now other things-
Good: the servers were really nice and courteous.
Bad: nothing great about the food and they don't serve alcohol.Very good service. I had Filet Mingon with sautéed spinach. Excellent. Done exactly the way I ordered it. Price is very reasonable.Best service and one the best steaks ive ever had! the drinks were amazing , the service was incredible , a quaint little place that no one really knows about and that's what makes it great!Wish I could give negative stars! All I can say is that this was the worst dining experience of my life!!! I was scared to eat my crab cake for fear of getting sick, and I didn't want to send it back because I didn't want to delay getting the f*** out! There was this old derelict type playing the most awful music. Essentially, all I ate was steamed broccoli. Crab cake was more like a patty of breadcrumbs fried. Yuck! Could not wait to get out of there.  Felt bad for the server, like she knew the place sucks but couldn't do anything about it.Yes, it looks dive-y. Many New Orleans places do. But we loved the prices and the food from the cook this week. And yes, we were surprised to get in easily, but it was a Sunday night at 6:PM.   Had lobster, blackened catfish and the seafood platter.... which was big enough to share. We had attentive service from the waitstaff who each have their unique personalities. Many thumbs up on the warm bread basket of french bread with parmesan cheese. You can spend alot more for this meal in New Orleans. This place is a nice find.Had valentines dinner here and it was just why I wanted. Hole in the wall,  steak and lobster, and didn't feel like a chain food place. I'd come back if I'm in town again. Food tasted good but I'm not a food snob.By far the absolute worst Cajun food I've ever had and I was born/raised in Louisiana. We ordered pickup to take back to the apartment and McDonalds would have been a better choice. We ordered 2 bowls of crawfish etoufee and an oyster poboy. The bread was totally black and burned on the inside of the poboy, which completely ruined the sandwich. Their remoulade sauce had ground mustard seeds in it which was terrible for me, but that's my personal opinion. The crawfish etoufee was god awful and I wouldn't serve it to a homeless man on his worst day. The etoufee was orange in color and gelatinous with random bay leaves and heavy salt. I'm a huge fan of etoufee, but I threw the entire thing away and my spouse did the same thing. What a WASTE of money. Get it together peopleThis place is a great, cozy little joint to enjoy good food without having to take out a second mortgage. I will go back :-)Bad service, in fact couldnt get waited on, surley waitress, no idea about the food ad we finally left when one of the staff told our waitress that we hadn't been served and she rolled her eyes, sneered and ignored us. Would give no stars but that's not an optionMy husband and I are New Orleans locals and came here with a livingsocial voucher, skeptical after reading the mixed and unflattering accounts of food and service. We were so pleasantly surprised by this strange hole-in-the-wall that I must write a review. 
In short, the place was weird and eccentric, from the colorful greeting by the doorman to the other-worldly one man band. The server was initially cold, snickered at us for not ordering drinks, but warmed up mid-meal after some chit-chat. The owner/manager(?) was walking around greeting patrons and making sure we enjoyed ourselved. 
We ordered the crabcakes - decadent, huge, delicious. Lots of crab and not much breading. Delicious crawfish cream sauce. Really flavorful and not too salty.
Then we split the filet and lobster tail dinner and were blown away by the size and quality of the steak, seared perfectly to medium rare. The lobster wasn't my favorite part of the meal, but anything dipped in butter is okay with me. 
The bread pudding was a treat - not the typical microwaved dry wedge you'll find at many establishments but creamy with a boozy flavor. Yum. 
This place seems to represent to me the true character of New Orleans restaurant service. It was authentic. There was something about the mix of doorman, owner, waitress, busboy, musician, and ambience that really mirrored the population of this unique city. 
After our meal, we lingered for a while (mainly because we were charmed by the strange fellow with the many instruments in the corner) and were encouraged by the owner to return. We will!First the service was horrible we had to keep asking for refills and our appetizer was never brought to the table. But the main issue was and I am not sure what the total bill was we were eating with another couple and my portion on the bill was $82.00 so I paid 100.00 to include my portion of the bill plus tip  the other couple took care the rest of the bill they used a coupon and still gave a tip because they knew it was not included.  Once we left the server comes running down the street we were already on the next block with the check hollering to us like we did not pay and telling us the tip is not included with the coupon . I explained that I paid a 18.00 tip which was I felt more than she deserved but never the less and the other couple paid a tip also everyone was looking we ended up changing the tip amount just to stop the stares but I have never been so embarrassed in my life.We swung in here in between the two Audubon experiences and lucked into a grade-A experience. Authentic New Orleans fare at a great price point. The waitstaff was attentive and the chef came out several times before and after our meal to check on us. The BBQ Shrimp poboy was a generous portion and flavored perfectly. The kid's menu offered hand cut redfish strips that were a hit.Authentic food and soulful live music. The special of a filet mignon filled with crab is great. Service is okay and prices are very touristy though. So not for those in it for the price/performance.After walking a great distance and paying for parking we were told we couldn't use our groupon    The place was empty. I had eaten here before and enjoyed the food so was looking forward to the meal.   Doesn't make since to me to refuse the groupon on the Sunday before Labor Day! I won't go back.Fabulous  walked in off street excellent fish .a couple of tables had craw fish and were happy .we had a seafood platter and red fish very good. Nice drinks highly recommendedThis Restaurant was amazing!!! We had our birthday dinner there and we all loved our food six of us! I had the Louisiana Crab Cake to start off and for dinner I had the filet mignon stuffed with lobster! OMG!!! Best ever! And the creamed spinach to die for! I know its going to sound like an exaggeration, but this Restaurant will make me go back to NOLA!Waited for a bartender for almost 6 minutes while waiting to be seated and no one ever came around. Finally was called over by wait staff to sit down. We looked at the menu and said does not accept groupons or Yelp.  We bought a groupon about 3 weeks ago. Was denied groupon and was told that management changed and they don't accept it. We were told to take it up with groupon.  In looking at Yelp , they are still offering $10 for $20.  We came from CA and made a special trip here.  Called groupon this morning and was told they cannot reach the owner or manager to confirm they are not taking groupons. New owner obviously doesn't care about the old offers they made. We left.MICE experience, not nice but MICE! After buying the Groupon deal and reading the reviews on Yelp. This place was a hit or miss. We went for party of 8 and the service was good. Food was decent, BBQ shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, and crab cake were decent. I had the porterhouse which was ok but my friends had the ribeye and that was better. We thought we got lucky and had "hit" experience of the hit or miss for this restaurant until all us saw a MICE! Yes a MICE! ALL 8 of us saw it. The MICE was just hanging out in the dining room for 30 minute and they did not even try to get rid of it. WTF right? We Had 5 of our ladies dining with their feet off the ground. I would have gave this place a 4 star but the MICE took 3 away. Never again and have MICE day!Great food in the heart of the quarter. The wait staff went out of their way for us, we showed up with a big group at the last minute and they still accommodated us. It's a little crowded so I took off one star, but some may like it like that :)Food was exquisite.   The gumbo, the filet with different toppings,  and the stuffed filet... All that with a delicious bread pudding. ... There is soft music playing but is a nice volume that allow u conversation.  Servers take care of business with a smile.  Realy recomend this place.I love this place. The steaks are delicious!!  I have been eating here for about a year now ever since my family and I stopped in one day just walking by.  Now, I end up eating here at least 3 times a month.  The food is consistent. The atmosphere is nice.  The dessert is good. And there is a gentleman that plays music and sings.Excellent food. Highly suggest the "Taste of New Orleans". Service was good and the staff was very friendly. We are in NOLA to visits family and happened upon this place. Will definitely be back again.this place has the BEST lobster bisque I've found anywhere so far down south. its a gem hidden amongst the over priced tourist-esque restaurants and certain movie star owned restaurants.. I'm lookin at you Channing Tatum.The New York strip is wonderful and the crab cakes are scrumptious! It was way too much food for me, easily splitable!Great service. I've been in the navy for 19 years on board 5 aircraft carriers eating grade g meat literally and never had a steak that bad. Absolutely terrible. Especially for the price.We came here on the Groupon and it is a good deal but this place is so dive-y that I definitely wouldn't go there otherwise. The food is kind of blah,  the steak wasn't really seasoned and the baked potato and the dollar store bacon bits they put on it are very lackluster. 
Honestly this is an OK place, probably better at lunch time. The drinks were good though,  i had 2 new orleans lemonades and they were good and strong. The staff all look a little Addams family like and overall the ambience is just weird.  Eh,  pass.Okay....so I've been here twice (semi three times) and I can seriously understand why the reviews are all over the place with this place. 
First experience: Stopped by during lunch....there was only one waiter.  We waited...and waited...and waited unfortunately.  There were about 3 other tables with people so we waited patiently.  One of the guys at one of the tables asked "does anyone work here?".  I mean that's how long we sat and waited for someone to come to the table.  The people at that table ended up leaving and actually gave us their Group On that they had which I'm not really a fan of Group On deals because I know the businesses really don't make much money off of them unfortunately.  
Finally our waiter comes and takes our order....he was nice and offered suggestions.  In all honesty, I think they might have been short staffed and the waiter was actually the chef.  I mean he was REALLY WORKING.  I could be wrong though.  I ended up getting the crab cakes and a pasta which came with a salad.  Talk about a lot of food.  The salad was huggggge...loaded with salad dressing (but still good).  The crab cakes were delicious and cooked to perfection.  The pasta was pretty good and full of flavor.  I won't even lie.  I felt really bad about using a Group On because the food was good and I felt like I as a customer was ripping them off so I made sure to leave a pretty good tip.  
Second experience:  Went with a friend of mine during lunch...she's pretty limited on lunch but I was craving crab cakes (my favorite) so we walked here to see if I could pick some up to go.  Unfortunately they were closed.
Third experience:  The same friend from the second experience and I were downtown and she barely gets out so we were debating on where to go.  We were on Decatur and about to go to Attiki but I thought Star would be better since I wanted that crab cake.  We sat at the bar and ordered drinks.  I didn't want to eat a ton of food just wanted crab cakes and a salad.  Wellllll they didn't have any crab cakes so I ended up getting the salad and shrimp.  The salad hit the spot just right.  The shrimp were good but I felt like they were overpriced for the amount we got.  The bartender was okay.  He held conversation and was friendly.
I think the food is good.  It's flavorful with great portion sizes which explains the price point.  I do feel like the prices were slightly higher the third time than the first time (maybe there's a lunch menu and a dinner menu).
I haven't been disappointed with food at this place so far...I think it's more of a logistics type of thing some of the time.   Like I mentioned before, I can definitely tell why the reviews are so sporadic based on the times that I've been here watching others but my experiences have always been pretty solid.Great service, but terrible food.  Everything was cooked correctly, it's just that the steaks were the thinnest, cheapest cuts of meat you could imagine.  It was as if they pulled them out of the freezer and threw them on the grill.  The waitress was great - super friendly and accommodating, but the quality of food was beyond sub-par.  For a good steak, go to Crescent City, La Boca, Dickie Brennan's, DBs Bourbon House, even Superior Seafood.  Avoid Star.This place has always been LGBT friendly since 1978 when I first dined there!
I dragged hubby with me this time- secure parking was ten bucks at Canal Place two blocks away.
I did no prep, hubby made a rez for 6.45. We sat 5 minutes at the bar before seating.
He ordered Prime Rib, I the petit filet.  
Loved AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND the lobster bisque. Gumbo not so much- too thin and no rice.
No prime rib waitress says, and recommends the ribeye- 
Do not waste time with gristly ribeye- I loved my filet and crabmeat-cooked perfectly- Side order of BBQ Ribs arrived still cool at the bone. My spinach was also not properly heated.Asparagus side was good.
Music a bit odd- loud and just weird one man band/flute/sax/cool vocals- Actually, it was so weird, I would go to hear it and just hang at the bar- Sweet bartender. Pinot was 7.50 a glass.
Asked the table next to me how they like their crab cakes and I got two thumbs up. 
Dessert was bread pudding too hot ( microwaved?) to eat for about ten-15 minutes! and mediocre at best.
With 50 dollar Groupon- dinner and tip with one glass wine was still over 100- plus ten dollar parking so about right for the French Quarter.GOOD GOOD GOOD! Everything is so good here! I could eat here everyday  Sherri is amazing we felt like we were at home. 10 stars for this place!Best meal I've had in New Orleans. I've been to this city a few times. Many Creole dishes are repeated, restaurant after restaurant, but this place does them well. I saw all the negative comments about this place, but my experience was nothing but amazing. Very friendly servers, delicious food and prompt service. The bbq shrimp appetizer had me licking my fingers, the Redfish entree was perfectly cooked, the étouffée and gumbo are rich and flavorful, and the desserts are great. Someone else at my table said the NY Strip was one of the best he's had.cup of gumbo, had a big shell crustation in it. that you could not even eat or break open, it just took up room in the cup. 
the crab cake was served gourmetly. but it tasted like a frozen mrs pauls deviled crab cake, all breading inside, doubt it contained any crabmeat,
the southern bourbon pecan pie was an inch wide and made to looked large because it was surrounded by 3 large mounds of whip cream. 
meal filled me up, but could have eaten better at a fast food place for a fourth of the price. save up your money and dont eat here. skip a meal and eat someplace that prepares good food. this was not good. thats all i have to say. sorry to the star. service was fine tho. just food not good tastingAlmost a dive-y kind of place. Stopped in for drinks and apps. BBQ shrimp were delish and the bbq sauce was ah-ma-zing.
Also had a pound of crawfish and a lesson on how to eat em. 
Server was a character.
Drinks were so-so as was atmosphere.Yelp deal:  $10 for $20 deal or 10% off food and drinks.
Ordered blackened ribeye "chelsea":  12oz ribeye seasoned and seared new orleans style.  It didn't appear to be any blackening and I'm not sure what the seared new orleans style is.  This seemed like just a fried steak.  One side of mushrooms which was good.  Great value for $26.
French bread with the parmesan cheese on top.  This was dried.  
Pimms Cup cocktail:  not sweet enough.  She was happy to fix that.
Service:  Cheerful waitress.  She had to make her own drinks.  Steak took about 20-25 minutes.  Wonder if she had to cook the steak too?  LOL.
Ambiance:  throwback to the 60s with pictures of famous Hollywood stars.  Decor has not been updated.  Gets noisy.This was one of the only places on my New Orleans eating tour, that I wasn't too fond of. I ordered the alligator po boy because I hadn't seen that on other menus. The sandwich was bland and lacked salt. I found the alligator burnt on one side and had too much char which took away from the flavor of the meat. The french fries were also very bland. It looked better then it tasted.We found this place by Groupon. As we are visiting New Orleans for the first time, we thought it was a good way to find a place to go. We went there for lunch. My husband ordered a shrimp po-boy and I ordered a cat fish po-boy, both dishes were very simple and poor executed, it was only bread and the fish inside. The shrimp still hThe ice tea didn't taste good either. That's probably why we were the only people there.Food? What food??? Four of us were visiting from the Phila area and were sick of seafood... the main staple in the Big Easy. We decided to go to Star. We were seated promptly as we were the 2nd of two tables with patrons. We waited... and waited... and waited... and although the wait staff was milling around, not one person came to take a drink order, meal order... ANYTHING. Eventually, we got tired of being ignored and left. If Star Steak serves food, we weren't able to taste any of it. Don't waste your time!!Just an ok place to grab a bite. Food is decent, but for the price, it should be better. Service is on the slow side, and it's a fairly small restaurant. The live music is a nice touch.Went here on a whim this past weekend because every restaurant was packed and they weren't! 
I love the ambiance of this place; I feel like I'm in the 1920's. The atmosphere was very relaxed, so relaxed the manager was going around singing about lean haha. We got set and waited on right away. We ordered jambalaya creole and was also given bread as an appetizer. We shared the entree and it was just the right amount for the both of us(plus bread). The reason I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars is because there wasn't any ac on a humid rainy day, the jambalaya could have been seasoned better and you can't pay with a credit card if your meal is under $20.Was there last week. One of the worst places.  Staff stood outside on the street chatting while we waited to be served. We felt like we were in the twilight zone. Creepy guy playing music. You may wait ten minutes before being acknowledged at your table. Food was not great. Mushroom wine sauce tasted like it came out of a can. Very gross!  Overall atmosphere was off and strange.Dissappointed is an understatement!!!!! The venue is quite small, NOT a great choice for large parties (only one large party could fit anyway!). Now on to the food... Our party ordered SEVERAL dishes from the menu and UNFORTUNATELY, the food was JUST OK, not worth prices AT ALL ANNNDDD the food is VERY VERY VERY BLAND. Nothing to rave about, but on the flipside the drinks were awesome!!!I should have trusted my instincts and not have been lured in by the Living Social deal; I should have listened to my fellow Yelpers.
 Alas, I succumbed to the deal, and now I've suffered the worst of all dining faux pas threefold: expensive food that tastes horrible, slow to non-existent service, and horribly bad-for-you food that wasn't worth the excessive calories. There wasn't one good thing about this meal, seriously.
 My crab cakes were awful, tasteless, and greasy; my husband's lobster was overcooked; both of our sides of broccoli were literally steamed whole heads of broccoli (not even cut up!) My caesar salad was miniscule with tiny croutons that looked like they were from a cheap grocery store-the whole meal, which took a good 45 minutes to be brought to us, was disgusting. If I wasn't starving from walking around in the 90 degree humidity all day, I would have left and went elsewhere. I'm so sad that I just ate like 3,000 calories that I can't even categorize as a guilty pleasure-I just feel guilty and sick :pMy partner & I chose this place for the steak & lobster. We both had steak  which was so- so I would have enjoyed it more if there would have been flavor added, sort of dry and uneventful. The BBQ shrimp was good with the bread dip. The atmosphere was the best part, small, quaint , nice soft jazz music. Bathroom was clean. I would try another steak house before returning. For over $100 meal I would expect more.Great food  , best atmosphere and the bartender is your friend in a minute!! Enjoy this play and NewOrleans!Excellent food! There was a little wait, but we were expecting that. I love the ambience. The prime rib looked phenomenal. I had sautéed catfish, which was cooked to perfection!We stopped in here for brunch on our way to Lundi Gras fest. When we first walked in the place was pretty empty and we were wondering if we had made a mistake. We decided to order a drink and give it a try. My husband ordered the "down on the bayou" omelet and I ordered the "atchafalya" omelet, both came with a biscuit and estralla potatoes. They were both good but the atchafalya omlete was superb. Leaving my hubby wishing he had ordered the same thing.  The restaurant had really filled up by the time we were leaving, there was even a wait by that time. We will definitely be stopping by here for brunch the next time we are in beautiful, NOLA.We came here on a Saturday night the weekend of the Superbowl.  The restaurant had about 8 tables opened.  We were sat immediately.  We waited and waited and waited some more.  After about 10 minutes, the host stopped by and asked if anyone had been to our table.  Nope.  Finally, someone showed up. 
From here, it was completely downhill.  We ordered a bottle of wine that took SO long to show up to our table we assumed they were smashing the grapes in the back.  Our lobster was delivered before the bread and salads.  When we asked for a cracker, we were told that they were out of them.  Seriously, you're serving lobster with no way to eat it?!?  The interior of the baked potato was ice cold.  We sent it back and over 10 minutes went by before our server stopped by again.  When we asked if our potato was going to come out, he apologized and said the restaurant was out of baked potatoes.  We asked if our could just be warmed, but we were told it had been thrown away and the microwave was broken.  Our bread finally arrived, but we were finished with out meal.
It's unfortunate that all this happened, because the food was actually pretty good.  Fortunately, I had a great coupon and with the additional comp from the manager, we had a lobster dinner for two with tip and a bottle of wine for $50, so we left with a not-so-sour taste in our mouths, but I can't imagine it would have been that way had we spent the pre-coupon amount of $125.It was our last night in NOLA, the hubby wanted a steak, and I wanted gumbo. This place delivered on both! I had the taste of new Orleans and if I would have known how good their gumbo was, I would have just gotten an order of that. The red beans and the shrimp etouffe were not my favorite. Hubby liked his steak. We also had a Pimm's Cup and they were delicious. Great place, great service, great food.What a sad experience. It is small and dumpy. The waiter was good and that was it. The steak is overpriced and not good at all. I would have done better at an Apple Bee's.No, thanks.  I won't be back.
My boyfriend and I had tickets to House of Blues and had some time to kill before the doors opened.  We stopped in here for a drink and an appetizer.  We were seated at the bar and waited for a while.  After about 10 minutes, someone came and told us "there's no bartender tonight, you have to be re-seated at a table".  (The host didn't know this?)  So we were seated at a table, and there were a few other tables seated, but only one table had food (for one person).  This should have been a warning sign.  Our drink order was taken while we looked at the menu.  When we were ready to order appetizers (and when the waiter finally came back), they were out of the appetizers.  We finished our drinks, and watched some food come out of the kitchen one plate at a time (instead of a table at a time).  The sax player in the restaurant was clearly drunk, as well.  We paid and left.  Terrible experience.Do not go to this place! I called and made a reservation for my hubby's birthday, and got there and the place was packed, there was clearly not a table for us. I had to chase down the bartender and tell him we had a reservation. His answer "uhh we don't take reservations for 2". My answer "really? I called and made one" His answer "well we don't really take reservations for 2, and the wait is about 45 mns." No sir! I walked out. So apparently don't bother to eat there if just 2 people!Food was just plain bad - tasted like it all had come out of the freezer after a couple of years.  Service was friendly, but very inattentive.  I did like the vibe of the place but that didn't make up for a food that was bland and way overpriced.  The lobster was hard, bland and old.  Steak was a little better, but not much.  Mixed drinks were very, very weak.  The BBQ shrimp were pretty good.A great ribeye for a good price!I came for breakfast here, got an alligator omelette and it was amazing. Price is good too! I would suggest this place to anyone. The bartender was super amazing and nice!9/2016 Place undergoing owner and name change. Still open during the change.
We are locals and go here as often as we can. And of course those special occasions.
Celebrated there with BFF's from California just 2 weeks ago.
Suggestions: Stuffed Mushrooms and Surf n Turf for main course.
On night when live music playing ask for table closer to back of restaurant. Not that he plays bad. Just the opposite, just a little loud up front.Cozy, Unpretentious, Scrumptious Little Gem of a Place, With Live Music!
We found Star Steak & Lobster through a Groupon deal (we're from Los Angeles, and subscribed to the NOLA list a few months before our vacation.)  We decided to buy the deal based on Star's online menu, which looked delicious and reasonably priced.
We arrived 30 min early for our reservation, but Star's staff never batted an eyelash -- they showed us to our table and had our delicious Sazerac cocktails to us right away.  The dining room couldn't have been more cozy, intimate, yet posh -- we felt right at home.
Our server was a charming lady named Penny, who was welcoming, attentive, pleasant, and genuinely warm, but without hovering.  We showed up in Halloween costumes as we were on our way to a masquerade ball after dinner, but Penny didn't seem to think this was odd; she just smiled and asked where we were going.  After we chatted a bit, she understood that my husband and I were there for a romantic special-occasion dinner.  She looked after us very well indeed, but discreetly, seeming to realize that we wanted some second-honeymooner private time.
We first had the savory alligator sausage appetizer and then green salads, followed by my entree of two buttery lobster tails and my husband's velvety, melty medium-rare steak, all of which was delicious and cooked to perfection.  We'd had dinner at Antoine's the night before and found our fish and crab entrees to be a bit overcooked and oversalted, but Star got everything just right.
Just to make the evening even more pleasant, a solo jazz musician took the floor for some time about midway through our meal.  He was very talented indeed, and the ambient music only made dinner all the more delightful.
If you're looking for an underrated little fine-dining gem in the French Quarter, go to Star Steak & Lobster (and ask for Penny, she's a sweetheart!)  Looking forward to coming back next year.It was just alright ! Or should I say aigggght ! Just a nice in between of a lower scale fancy establishment. Price could be a little lower for the quality, as I had high expectations. The staff and the owner is what won me over. Great atmosphere and live jazz as you eat. Paid 200$ for 5 people. Not bad but the bill can add up easy. Great establishment but is it worth the price ? In my opinion no !Besh can hang up his hat now...this is the BESTEST place for steak and lobster and fish and ambience and entertainment and just...WOW. Service is on spot and friendly, also, the musician, Jason (?), is an old timer who really knows his jazzy blues and fits his music to the small audience of diners who fill this little hole in the wall. it's now my favorite New Orleans steakhouse!My wife and I have been here a couple times and loved it until last night. Last night we saw a big and I mean big rat run out from behind the bar, we immediately stopped eating and called the waitress. When she came over the rat came back out for all to see. We left while the owner/manager sat across the street eating, we will not be back.Small, quaint atmosphere. Great service. House sirloin was cooked to perfection. The love music adds to the ambiance. Very enjoyable for such a small place. The prices were average to high. 21-30 for each steak and 40 for surf and turfs. Would recommend if you're visiting Nola.Its cute, and the food was okay, but it got a star off for lack of service-the food took forever. It also got a star off because our drinks really had no alcohol in them, and the last star was because the food was well...2 stars worth. Eat here if you have run out of other places but still refuse to go to a chain.Excellent food and service.  Take note that the actual prices are about $5 higher than Yelp's "full menu"; but overall a nice, friendly and small restaurant.  I would go back on my next visit to New Orleans.I was told about this place by a local and was very disappointed. The food was good and that is the only reason for the 3 stars. The service was horrible. I would not recommend this establishment unless you wish to be patronized and made to feel like another stupid tourist.BE AWAREEEE! Do not go there!!! We saw a mouse hanging out in the corner of the dining room. We informed the waiter and he didn't do anything about it. The manager passed by and all she said was, "The mouse will die soon". Our appetizers were okay. I ordered a medium filet mignon, but it came out medium raw.
We got the groupon deal so when getting our check, they needed to see our phone for the voucher number. The manager took my bf's phone and then dropped it cus she didnt know how to give it to him nicely. 
This restaurant should be closed down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I'd eaten here a few times about 7 or so years ago and had the best stuffed mushrooms in the world. I loved them so much I dreamed about them until I finally returned. 
....aaaand of course I was a little disappointed. I mean, you can't dream about something for 7 years and have it live up to expectations, right? However, the crab cakes made up for it! They were really, really rich so if you're getting them as an appetizer definitely plan on splitting them with at least one other person. Even then I don't think I could eat a meal after those babies. They were delicious but really heavy. 
The waiter was very nice. I ordered a vodka and soda and he asked what kind of vodka I wanted. I told him I didn't care so he said he'd bring me not the worst because he didn't want me to have a hangover. I thought it was considerate but also funny because who gets a hangover from one drink? He then went on to tell me all about how terrible the cheapest vodka they carry is. 
I'm sure I will return here at some point because I refuse to give up on those mushrooms. They WILL live up to my past expectations if I wish hard enough...Tried to go here on my last night and it was closed. No explanation just a note saying "closed Tuesday."  Went into a nearby bar and they reported that some days the restaurant is closed for lunch randomly and/or dinner. Very disappointing.Just stopped in with the family for drinks at the bar. The bartender was very nice to us, letting us sample drinks she was making for other customers. They have a good happy hour we had about 9 beers $16. That's a good deal.No stars and a bunch of mis-steaks. There are a list of problems with this place, all service related. 4 of us walked in, we weren't greeted. Someone who appeared to be a kitchen staff member dropped off 3 waters (again, party of 4) and we waited an additional 15 minutes. There weren't many parties, but the staff clearly couldn't handle it because the only waitress that we saw seemed to be drunk, disoriented and totally oblivious. She was carrying on in the corner and dropped an entire tray of glasses as we walked out. Another table followed our lead shortly after. I can't speak to the quality of food. I'm sure it's great, but they seriously need to work on some basic service skills.
Don't even bother looking for this place in the future because any restaurant with these issues in a city filled with great restaurants won't survive forever.Bought the $25 for $50 deal on sweet jack. Food was really good. Go for lunch instead of dinner. Prices are alot cheaper.I would have given this a one star review if not for the splendor of our waiter, Asante. We had failed plans elsewhere and ended up there. The steak was bland. The lobster was a little tough. The mashed potatoes had huge hard chunks of skin. However... Asante made sure we had the fixings for loaded mashed potatoes. He made us laugh. He provided excellent service. Even heard us talking about it being our birthdays and provided a quite scrumptious chocolate cake. Asante, we thank you.While searching for a good breakfast spot we were greeted by George outside the restaurant. He introduced us to our waitress, Sparkles. Both George and Sparkles were so kind and inviting. Sparkles brought us her special bloody Mary's, which were the perfect mixture of spice and alcohol. The bourbon French toast was so crunchy and delicious. Everyone in my party fell in love with the biscuits. This place made our day!I visited in may 2012...staff was great, but they were out of lobster tails =( So we ordered whole lobsters, which were undercooked. Big disappointment, the creamed spinach is not good either, no seasoning. The filet was the saving grace, cooked perfectly.Go somewhere else.  The crabcakes were. Huge but no flavor.  I could taste the oil.  Being from Maryland I was expecting much better. Staff  were friendly. No band on monday night.My fiancé and I went in for lunch. It was quite good. Price was reasonable for what we got and the portions were good. Lunch special was red beans and rice with fried chicken, (fiancé ordered this) and it was some of the best I've had. My burger was awesome. Juicy, perfectly cooked, and very flavorful!2 stars for the fact they were open on Christmas.... otherwise drinks, food, service, and cleanliness are all 1 Star.With the great deal from Yelp I had the lobster and it was surprisingly very good. I have no complaints about this place like some of my colleagues. They have groupons/discounts posted everywhere so give it a try, at least for tonight it was worth it. If you like lobster they have a great lobster special that when you apply the discount is a steal. The rest of the food looks suspect and I wouldn't be brave enough to try a steak or anything else here. Stay away from the bread pudding, it came with the lobster meal and was not good at all switch it out for something else.Love the guy singing here.  Tell your out of town friends he is famous.  Bring them here.  Get a table close!  Always ask for a Beatles song!Our server was friendly enough but service was a bit slow.  We ordered New York Strips, medium rare.  When they finally came out we saw the front of house manager take them to the wrong table.  Our server noticed and they ran back to the kitchen together then our server ran them over to our table.  Well no wonder they took so long, they were well done.  Sent them back and waited again for thin, grisly and still overcooked steaks.  Sides were nothing to write home about.  An off night in the kitchen?  Maybe.  But no one seemed too concerned about it.  On the plus side, drinks were good but it's hard to screw up a straight whiskey!I purchased two Groupon offers for this place and was quite happy I did! I was in NOLA for my bday in September and chose this place for my bday dinner and because of it's location down the street from the hotel.  The first time we ate there we were sat upstairs in a cozy room, and although the air conditioner was crazy cold, the hostess was very nice and adjusted it when she noticed a few of us were uncomfortable, our server was sweet, very attentive without being overbearing and the food was delicious!! It was so nice, we ate there twice, the second night, we were seated in the back, the Saints were playing at home and all of the staff were wearing Saints Jerseys!! I thought that was cool because the place is not the the of place you'd expect that from!! This restaurant is housed in an older building (like a lot of places in town) and since I'm a fan of architecture, it was nice, brick walls, candles on the table, and the BBQ Shrimp were da bomb!! Dang!! Tasty, juicy and huge shrimp, BBQ is nothing like I have here in NJ, and the bread was out of this world as well, very generous delicious portions!!  I'd go there again next time I'm in NOLA!!Came here with a living social deal. The drink menu seemed uninspired so my companion and I just stuck with a good old Abita Amber. The complementary bread we received was spot on: crispy on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside. 
For an appetizer we ordered the BBQ shrimp. I like that the heads and shell were still on, but the shrimp were over cooked and slightly mushy. The sauce was decent though.
For an entree I ordered the redfish filliet. It is blackened redfish with lump crab on top. It was good but I wish the crab had a bit more flavor. I ordered the sautéed mushrooms as a side and they were yummy buttery goodness. 
My companion ordered the Cajun Stuffed Filet Mignon with the loaded baked potato side and gobbled it up. He ordered the filet medium rare and it was cooked well.
Over all it was a pretty average experience, and I wasn't really a fan of the live musician. I most likely will not return.Not bad. My wife and I love using the groupon deals more than anything! The fish is some of the best fish I ever had n it's so much food and I'm man who enjoy having enough food to take home. 
They always run out of things tho and the place never seems that busy not to have product. 
The alligator sausage is really good 
The barbecue shrimp was only good the first time we ever went n it wasn't right ever since. 
Crab cakes definitely over priced n drinks too expensive 
Lobster was ok but butter just taste like they just put imperial butter sticks in microwave n melted it :/ 
Steak was only decent. so for a steak n lobster place both should be superior . 
Overall expensive w/o groupon tho so we only go when we have a deal 
Manager very nice n she's always there !  
All in all we enjoy going but don't like to really try anything new cuz we're afraid it'll be hit or miss and not to mention they're always running out if product which honestly i think they have a cap on how much and type of product they sell to groupon users to prevent from losing too much money on those deals .... But I could be wrongI've eaten at Star Stead & Lobster TWICE using a groupon and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an intimate, cozy place to get a great stead.  The main reason that I am not giving them 5 stars is because I ate by myself and was charged an 18% gratuity.  That's freaking ridiculous if you ask me.  I understand that it's the Quarter and all but 18%?!    I had the 8oz. filet and it was cooked to perfection but it could have used a little more seasoning.
Like a previous reviewer, I highly recommend sitting in Penny's section (seemed to be the tables down the middle of the room).  She was extremely sweet and didn't hover over me in the slightest but always was there when I needed something.
All in all, I would recommend it but watch out for the 18% AUTOMATIC gratuity no matter the size of your party.