Lovely bar off the main track. Good beer and wine selection. We didnt eat there but everone seemed to be hapy and the staff was so graciousThe crawfish shrimp and grits were out of this world amazing! The sweet potato fries were also delicious. Wonderful atmosphere and service!very accommodating for our large group, awesome food and gave our bachelor party free slots and beads!Looked great, but not so great. Loved the outdoor patio, but Disappointed in the food. Might have been uncle bens rice.Came for dinner I had Evangeline's Pasta, let me say I've never been big on pasta however I saw the dish as I walked in and was immediately swayed to pasta and thank goodness I ordered it!!! The sauce is light but rich and decadent. The shrimp were so fresh it was like tasting the ocean. I devoured the whole dish and became curious about dessert so I ordered the bread pudding beignets for dessert which was absolutely divine!!!! The richness of bread budding but in beignet??!! My head exploded totally yummy!!!! Fantastic Meal From Beginning to End!!!Where to begin? The staff goes out of their way to be friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is relaxed and sets the tone for a lovely evening -- great for a table of two or ten. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. I highly recommend Evangeline.Great walk in dinner at the bar! Sean (sp) is fantastic & makes a great old fashioned! The courtyard is beautiful!Late lunch prior to wedding later in the evening. Very good ambience.  Lot of LSU fans.  Perfect place for a snack after the Audubon aquarium. 
Decided to split appetizer and sandwich.  Ordered red beans and rice which turned out spiced just like we like it.
Next ordered shrimp poboy.  Bread was out of this world delicious.  Shrimp plentiful and breaded well. I would have preferred a little spicier. 
Severice excellent.  Will return.Food was deeply mediocre. Service was terrible. Drinks tasted like limeade. Don't order soda because you'll get very little. Watch out for gastric distress. And way overpriced! Ruined our night.Nice atmosphere. Probably the best shrimp Po-Boy I've had!! Location is easy to find at the friendly staff made recommendations for beignets and other dishes. I'd recommend this restaurant highly.My teenage daughter and I walked across the street to Evangeline's from our hotel on our first night in NO.  We arrived at approximately 5:30pm and were seated right away.  Our delightful server, Rachel guided us with excellent choices from the menu.  For a cocktail I had a Sazerac which was incredibly smooth and robust, and we shared the crab cake appetizer which was delicious!!  We shared an order of the etouffee as our entree and red beans and rice on the side.  Both dishes were superb!  The atmosphere is flavorful of the French Quarter and comfortable.  The service and food were excellent, and we highly recommend Evangeline's as a terrific NOLA eating experience!Fantastic place with a unique menu and friendly staff. Outdoor courtyard in original style. Love itOMGod... whoever has not had the Belgian Waffle with Crawfish .. has not experienced LIFE!!!Stopped in here for drinks before a show at the House of Blues. Adam the bartender was very attentive, and made delicious beverages - I had the Frenchman 75, and my partner had a Old Fashioned, both top-notch. The owner was also in that evening and was extremely friendly and welcoming, talking with us for quite a while about being a business owner in NOLA. As the evening wore on it got a bit more rambunctious, in a good way - very fun energy and welcoming staff.A highlight of our New Orleans trip.  BEST crawfish and grits we could have imagined.  The bananas foster cheesecake sent my husband into a food coma - so creamy and light thanks to the ricotta cheese in the recipe.  The owner squeezed us in without a reservation and even came next door to the Irish Pub to let us know the table was ready.  What could be better than amazing food served by great people?I hate doing this, but some places deserve one star. Would I ever go back?  No. Would I recommend a friend to go there? No. 
Ambiance is nice. They seated our large party right away as we had a reservation.  Our server was nice. It is all down hill from there. Our beers were short poured (my guess is about 12 ounces in each pint). 
We ordered our food and then nothing. Appetizers came out a little slower than expected and were pretty tasty. About an hour after we ordered, the first dishes we ordered came out. Thirty minutes after that, the rest of our groups food came out. YES. THIRTY MINUTES. What was the excuse? They ran out of rice. How is that possible?  Almost everything on the menu has rice. That was their only excuse. No apologies, no offer of other food while the rice was cooking for over an hour. Just insane. 
When the food came out, the crawfish etoufee was the worst I had had in my life. It tasted like canned tomatoes with frozen tiny crawfish and hard rice. Seriously?  F minus on that. 
At the end of the meal we all got our split checks with the mandatory 20 percent tip for a party of 8 or more. Ridiculous. No offer of apologies. The manager never stopped by our table. Not once. No offer of dessert of drink on the House. It took some serious complaining to get our bills reduced. 
In summary, a total wasted meal. Don't ever go there.Wow, this may just be my new favourite place in New Orleans. I came here on a somewhat busy Thursday night, and ordered the creole jambalaya with catfish and sausage. Being Sri Lankan, I opted for the highest level of spice (go big or go home, right?). The flavours were amazing and this dish surpassed my expectations. The food was piping hot when it arrived. The waiter was attentive and jovial. The ambiance was nice. This was the perfect meal to end my trip with before heading back to Toronto. Definitely hope to be back for more!I came here with a party of 8. We made reservations for 8:00pm and were seated right away. The table was outside and they put the heat lamps on for us. They also had beads for us bc we were there for a bachelorette party, I thought this was a really nice touch! 
We started with drinks and appetizers. The crab cakes were good and had a lot of flavor. I got the shrimp po boy sandwich which had a lot of flavor and was pretty big. 
Overall this place was great. The service was fast and friendly, the outside seating area was very cute, and the food was good.The gator bites are amazing! My first time trying gator and it was so good. The bar tender i don't remember her name but she was so sweet and nice. The strawberry vodka lemonade is to die for!They get 5 stars for putting up with our crying baby, a great local beer list, solid red beans and rice, and fantastic cajun shrimp and grits. I feel this is a great value in NOLA and we'll definitely be back.Delicious!! We went here for my sisters bachelorette party and were 11 people.  I tried almost everyone's food and it was all delicious!  The owner and his wife came over to the table many times to check on us and even gave a brief history lesson on where the name Evangeline came from.  They treated my sister, the bride, very well!! A must try!  Beautiful decor!We happened to stumble upon this little gem on our way to the French Quarter and I am so glad we did. It's a beautiful little restaurant with local art, local beer, and awesome music. I got the Pasta Evangeline and it was a-may-zing. Way beyond my expectations. My vegan hubby chose the Sweet Potato Fries and they were delicious as well. The staff is super friendly, which makes any restaurant experience better. They were knowledgable and even offered suggestions of things to do besides the French Quarter. I really enjoyed this place and if we get to come back to NOLA we'd definitely come back. Perfect!Stopped for brunch, sign was out for bottomless cocktails, but resturant wouldn't honor.  I ordered crab caked Benedict ant it tasted luke salt and could not eat it.  Was still charged full price for meal, an tip was all ready added to bill.  Would not recommend.Great brunch spot! Try the Pimm's cup. Waiter (Gary) was very friendly and knowledgeable! We will definitely go back here.We had my husband's surprise birthday party there and everything was perfect. There were 10 of us and we were all drinking. The drinks were cold, quick, and flavorful. The waiter was very attentive, making sure everyone had what they needed. For appetizers we had the fried okra, sweet potato fries, and crab cakes. The crab cakes were full of fresh crab meat- not too much breading. For dinner, everyone order different items. They all arrived hot and delicious. I think the standouts were the filet and pasta Evangeline- can't go wrong with fresh shrimp. The owners Rhonda and Tony stopped by several times to make sure we were all taken care of. A perfect evening.Went here there other day on a whim. The Pimm's with Gingerale & Cucumber was an incredible summer cocktail on a hot day. 
I ordered the special of the day: Fried Green Tomatoes and Crab Meat was done just right, light and very tasty with some incredibly subtle spices.
I rounded out my meal with the Chicken Gumbo. Again, perfectly seasoned and one of the best Gumbo's I've had.
Our waiter was incredibly nice and helpful, we had a great chat and very much enjoyed the atmosphere, food, drink and recommendations. I enjoy a non-gentrified and authentic New Orleans restaurant, this fits the bill perfectly. Highly recommended and will now be one of my go-to New Orleans restaurants.The crawfish and grits are one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Perfect!
Crab cakes were very good too. 4.5/5
Jambalaya was good but not great
Beer list could use some work. Overall great spot.We weren't here long as it was a stop on our NOLA Beer Tour, but we lingered as long as we could! We sampled the red beans and rice (I inhaled it,) & a couple beers as part of the tour, and though we weren't necessarily their regular patrons, the staff was very friendly and took great care of us. We spoke to the owner who I believe said he has just taken over a few days prior. He had a lot of cool plans for the place (live bands in their future!) 
The courtyard had a great vibe! Had it not been wet outside after a rain, we probably would have stayed just to hang out there. 
My husband and I are in our 30s and while we enjoyed walking around Bourbon, many of the crowded bars there are no longer our scene. This place was perfect. Much more chill!
I also loved the art on the walls from a local NOLA artist. 
We will definitely be going back for dinner and drinks when we return to NOLA!Red beans & rice were perfect, not very spicy but flavorful and the cornbread was perfect, my husbands BLT SALAD was good, too.  I had a Pimms Cup that was Fabulous!  Will definitely come back.  Good music that didn't over power.The crawfish and Grits is AMAZINg!! Highly recommend. The pasta Evangeline is ok, good if your looking for something a bit on the blander / lighter side. Ambiance is fabulous and the service was great, can't wait to come back!My wife and I had dinner here during our honeymoon and had an incredible experience, everything from the food to the customer service.  We had okra, gator, and crawfish and grits. Although we enjoyed each dish, the fried gator was the best we've ever had. 
Looking forward to eating there again when we return.We thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant! There were actually two groups of people in our gang that went there so I'll give a lowdown on both. 
The first group said that the fried okra appetizer was excellent and plentiful. The shrimp and pasta with a wine sauce was excellent as well. Service was great! They also had a salad that they loved. 
Now for my group... we sat in the back courtyard and it was so pretty! We had a wedge type salad and it was tasty! The bacon on it was so crispy and delicious. 
Our main dishes were the pasta with shrimp and crawfish and grits. That was amazing! Both of us thought our meals were so full of flavor! Our plates were clean!
Desert was vanilla ice cream with stout, bourbon and bacon. I didn't know what to expect and quite honestly it took me a couple of bites to acquire a taste for it (as I don't like bourbon), but once I did, I very much enjoyed it!
Service was very good and I'd absolutely visit again and recommend!
Update 1/15/18: I think my friends and I enjoyed this place even more than when I first came here. The crawfish and grits dish was amazing! The fried green tomatoes were excellent! My friends had the frog legs and loved them. And the rabbit dish went over quite well too. We enjoyed VERY much the bread pudding beignets! They were awesome! My coworker said this was her favorite restaurant in NOLA yet, and we have had some pretty tasty food thus far.Grab a strawberry beer and the crawfish and grits!  Jack the bartender is amazing, makes an amazing mint Julep.  You gotta check this place out.So good! I had the crawfish and grits and my husband had the Jambalaya with Catfish. Both were excellent! We started with the fried okra and remoulade which was also wonderful. I also highly recommend the French Quarter Mule!We walked past this place many times and were intrigued by the menu and atmosphere.  Finally got in during hours when they were open, which appears to be very randomly.  The food was decent. There are so many quality restaurants in the city that you really need to be on your top A game to compete.  
The strangest thing about this place was our waiter, who was so talkative that it was off-putting.  Sometimes you are in the mood to BS with your server and sometime you're not.  It's pretty evident in either direction.  In this case, our server was overly chatty to the point of awkwardness.  We are trying to eat our food here, buddy!  As I said, food was good but the experience was a bit tainted by the non self-awareness of our server.Love this place. Try the crawfish étouffée, best I've had so far. The staff are a delight.We had our rehearsal dinner for about 110 here and I cannot recommend this place enough as a result. Rhonda and the entire staff here exceeded our expectations in every way. The guests could not stop raving about the food and the service was impeccable. Beautiful ambiance in the French Quarter as well.Was in town for my birthday, and this was one of our stops on Mr. gumpo drinking tours.
When we are back in town this has to be of the places we have re-visit. Loved the whole deco of the place. The bartenders are very friendly and make you feel welcomed which you walk in the doors.
You will have to try the Jazz Punch, it was a great drink.I love this Restaurant, for a while I was coming in every weekend to eat. Amazing food, helpful staff, great atmosphere and knowledgeable bartenders. I have had everything on the menu at least once, and to be honest there wasn't anything I didn't like.
Quick Recommendations 
-Jambalaya
-pasta EvangelineWondering around the French Quarter found this gem. Sat on the patio and had jambalaya and desert. Great from start to finish.After leaving the Naploeon House because of the awful atmosphere, we came across this place by our haunted hotel...The French Quarter Inn. Ate here on Thursday night 3/1/2012. Great, quaint place in the French Quarter area with a nice courtyard. The staff, especially Mike, was extremely pleasant and an excellent host. He gave us great recommendations. The food was delicious. We had the sausage sampler, sweet potato fries and the BBQ style shrimp and grits. I loved the shrimp and grits. If you are ever in New Orleans, check this place out.Very nice. We have had our first Cajun catfish tacos!! The best :)
And syrup cake just out of the oven... really !!This place was amazing.  Clean and beautifully decorated.  Dominic my server/bartender was amazing and helpful.  I felt like family.  Anything you need they are willing to help.  
The food was delicious.  After my great dinner, I could not eat more.  Fun room. Inviting to singles and groups.  I can't say enough how charming the entire place is.  Five star start to end.A couple of NOLA virgins walk into Evangeline. They have the best meal of their lives. Sorry for the lack of a punch-line, but I am not sorry for how obsessed I am with this place. Let's be real, all of the food in New Orleans is to die for, but this one actually made me cry of happiness. When we return, 99% of it will be for another meal (or ten) here. (The other 1% will be for Café Du Monde). We went to all the staple restaurants for NOLA first-timers (and 30th timers), and just happened upon this cozy little number. Badda bing, we're in tastebud heaven. I ordered the Creole Pulled Pork, my buddy the Catfish Creole Jambalaya. I can't speak for hers, but mine was incredibly tender and had too many flavors to recognize, and the fries as well. I am a French fry connoisseur, and these are the best I've ever had. The servers were incredibly attentive, friendly, and welcoming. It wasn't very crowded, so even if this contributed to it, I'm surprised to see any reviews of them being rude-though maybe all the others are, and we just picked the day where the nicest people on the planet work there. The courtyard was cute, and the ambience was perfect for friends, couples, families. Anyone could enjoy their time!Beautiful courtyard--ask to sit there. Absolutely fantastic food. Great crab cake appetizer. Best dish of all--the crawfish entree. Very good étouffée. Reasonable price. The one negative-the very sweet waitress had too many tables so service was slow. Not her fault--she was trying hard. We would go back for that excellent food nevertheless.Loved the food and the drink special they had. Nice atmosphere but casual dress is ok. I had the crawfish étouffée which was full of crawfish. I also recommend their fried oysters and okra appetizers. Would return on my next trip to NOLA.Ate dinner here 4/22/16, while on vacation in NOLA. Probably one of our BEST meals! Delicious food, friendly staff and the owner came by our table to talk. Highly recommend this little gem of a restaurant! Love the painting of Scarlett O'Hara on the brick wallCouldn't have asked for more.  The place was packed but my husband and I were lucky to get a spot at the bar.  The warm ambiance was lively but chill.  The food and cocktails were great!  The service was friendly and attentive.  The Jazz duet was perfect-a very talented and charming couple.  We eat out at a lot of nice places but this was our favorite dining experience.5 stars for a fun experience with a fantastic staff. When we first sat down, the owner told us that night their episode on the Food Network was airing. It was fun to later watch how ecstatic the staff was to see their 15 minutes of fame and it just gave you a great idea of what kind of people work at Evangeline. Ambiance is great as well- there's an outside courtyard and an indoor area. We opted for indoors because we are not huge fans of wind- but to each their own.
Our waiter was brutally honest but a sweetheart and we truly appreciated him. Constantly gave us water and did not try to sugarcoat or lie about anything. We skipped ordering appetizers this night but instead opted for the crawfish and grits and the seafood platter.
Wow, Evangeline does not skimp out on food portions. Both the seafood platter and grits were huge. Out of the seafood platter- the catfish was my favorite part of that meal. But really, the crawfish and grits was the winner. I would definitely recommend getting this dish, especially if it's your first time in New Orleans. A great welcome to NOLA dish that gives you a good introduction to cajun food. Needless to say, I took some home with me.
The staff, being the sweethearts they are, gave me a birthday cheesecake even though my birthday had just passed. The cheesecake was great- I enjoyed it even more so than their sundae (but that is because I do not eat bacon). The Decatur Sundae- bacon, ice cream, and beer- is great for anyone who likes a good nightcap. My friends ate it up and sipped the beer afterwards.
Overall, great time at Evangeline and I would definitely stop by again.Great atmosphere. Beautiful courtyard. Try the Jambalaya! And the Cajun Nachos. Possibly the best fried okra. Great staff and good prices. Go for the happy hour.great place in the heart of new orleans that makes you feel like you're not in the center of a major city.  Courtyard is quiet and menu is fantastic.The best crawfish and grits I've ever had. There is a reason Michael Simon thought the same. Service was great. We went on a Sunday for brunch and surprisingly it wasn't too busy. The bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas were true to their name. The house made fettuccini and shrimp was well prepared and delicious. Many recipes have been in the family here for generations. The courtyard is a great spot weather permitting. We will be back here again.We're here early for dinner and in time for happy hour. The food are amazing. We ordered the crab cake, corn bread, slider and the jambalaya. Everything come out to be good. My favorite is the crab cake. That's the must order!!!Great ambiance!! Good food but even better drinks. Don't forget to go way inthe back for the hidden courtyard.
Pros
Champagne and wine list
Owners very friendly
Good waitstaff
Good food
Great ambiance
Cons
Needs some musicHad a very enjoyable experience at Evangeline. Called ahead and made reservations and they set up two tables for us, one inside, one out, depending on where we wanted to sit. The staff was very friendly and made us feel at home. Tony was also a pleasure! It is a quiet little escape from the loud craziness of Bourbon.
The food was pretty good. We all were satisfied with our meals. I got the filet, which was delicious, my only complaint is that the mashed potatoes were cold. Others got the crawfish and grits and loved it, as well as some po boys. Everything was reasonably priced too! It was a great way to start our first night in NOLA.I tried several recommended restaurants in the the French Quarter...Evangeline was my favorite. 
The fried ochra was amazing and paired well with the Crawfish & Grits. 
Try the Sazerac...a subtle cocktail.Good food but lousy ambiance.
Positive is good NO food. Not high end but good quality.
Negative was a very unpleasant noisy place. They have tv screens and their was an Lsu game so lots of yelling from drunk viewers to the point that our ears hurt and we could not talk. Could not wait to leave. One was so drunk his chair fell over with a loud clatter.  Management did nothing about it.
Coffee was cold and bad.
Over all I will never return. Too many good options to have your night out ruined.
Note to management:  you should try to protect your patrons from a drunken yelling match.  It's a nice place, you should tak out the tvs or turn them off of people get too loud at dinner.I found this place on Yelp and picked it mainly due to the fact that it was only 0.2 miles from my location. 
We were the only people in the restaurant. The was around 7pm. The staff was very attentive and friendly. 
We sat in the courtyard which was relaxing and quiet after a long day at Jazz Fest. 
I loved the fact that a large portion of what was on the menu was local.
The food was delicious. This is one of my new favorites.After spending quite some time looking for a place to eat (and being sat and never served or even acknowledge after 20+ minutes in two other restaurants) we found this little gem! So glad that we did. Our waiter Luke was informative, friendly and overall awesome. Our food was great! We tried to crab cakes and the fried green tomato's and both were delicious. But be sure to save room for the beignet bread pudding! Highly recommend and if you are tired of rude service I would say check it out!As a NOLA visitor, I can't attest to the consistency of this great little find, but in my one off encounter, I was impressed.  We took over the place for a happy hour meet and greet as part of the convention I was attending in town.  
The set up was incredibly well suited for the event with a cozy bar and outdoor patio that was just as large as the indoor space.  The bar tenders clearly knew what they were doing and drinks were great.  They had a wonderful selection of wines by the glass.  They did a sausage sampler which was yummy and had out several other appetizers that were well received.
All in all, I'd recommend it for a gathering and some great interactions with cool owners.We stumbled upon this place walking toward Canal St from Jackson Square.  Definitely looks like a hole in the wall, but don't let the outside deceive you.  The brunch was fantastic, as was the service.  Bottomless mimosas were truly bottomless and the server almost shames you into drinking your money's worth, which is a good thing.Ate here because we kept passing it walking to & from our hotel and it looked  interesting. Made reservations for 11am but didn't need them. Very friendly service & good food. Didn't have drinks so can't speak to their bar, but it looked well-stocked and ready to serve some interesting cocktails.We wanted to check this place out because our daughter's middle name is Evangeline and after walking by it a few times and seeing the menu, we wanted to check it out. It's a bit more casual than I expected, but nonetheless, a nice place. We've been eating all day, but we still managed to fit in appetizers, so we got the fried oysters, it was good and something I can eat everyday.
For entree, I went with the cajun crawfish etoufee and my husband got the Acadia crawfish and grits. My kids shared the red beans and rice with andouille sausage. I ate all of my food up, but i ended up having to help my kids with theirs and so I ended up eating a lot here. 
We decided to go for dessert at another place, but this is a nice little stop for dinner.We loved Evangeline, my co worker is related to the owner so we have gone every time we come to NOLA, we always bring a large group of new people to this restaurant.  The fried oysters are best in town easily.  Last night we were greeted as soon as we arrived and we were told "a 30 minute wait" for 11 people and placed on a list.  Then we didn't see the hostess for the next 30 minutes.  Time passed as we watched multiple couples sit themselves since the hostess was no where to be found, the staff knew these couples  skipped the host (because I asked if they knew and was told yes) and still served them regardless while we continued to wait.  15 more minutes passed and then the hostess told us "we are closing the kitchen" (9pm and close time is 10:30).  And there were plenty of open tables at the time to accommodate 11 guests.  So ultimately food may be some of the best in NOLA, but I hope the service improves.  Granted it was a night with a parade in front of them so it may have been extremely busy early on, but the whole time we waited there were plenty of empty tables and when we arrived we were told we were going to get a table.Excellenr food. I  had the catfish with shrimp and grits. Very good!More of a bar than a restaurant. Food was OK. Service was meh. Crab cake appetizer is pictured- pretty good.Evangeline's was the perfect spot for dinner! I made a reservation for a bachelorette party of 8 and they made it a great experience! They had "girls night" necklaces waiting for us on each place setting, which really made it feel special. Our waiter was stellar and food and drinks were delicious! A lot of price points too, which is great for a big group with all different budgets. I also enjoyed that is wasn't a huge restaurant, so it's a more intimate and special dining experience.What a fantastic evening! The food was amazing and the staff was even better! We came for my husband's bday and they made it incredible! We will be back for sureAte here a few nights ago after checking the reviews.  Service was great and the food very tasty.   The portions were good and flavor was spot on.   The praline pie with ice cream was a good way to finish the meal. Definitely worth coming back again.Stopped here the first night for dinner. Ordered gator bites and crawling etouffee. Gator bites were pretty good, crispy, and tasted like chicken. Crawfish etouffee was not good at all, dry and lack flavor. Knowing it's one or the most popular dishes in NOLA and had nothing to compare it to, but my fiance and I have seen plenty of pictures from other restaurants. Food was not memorable, but the courtyard was! The decor and vibe in the courtyard brings out the energy of NOLA. Food prices are 11-$15.My wife and I stopped in on whim while walking around by the river.  I was looking for some jambalaya and they had it in the menu. After being seated in the courtyard area, we ordered a couple rum punches. They where absolutely delicious....so much we had another. For lunch I ordered the chicken jambalaya, extra spicy. They totally accommodated that request!!!  It was tasty and enjoyable. My wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries.  She enjoyed the taste, but it was so soggy she had to eat it with a knife and fork. Our servicer Daniel was fantastic and the overall experience was enjoyable. 
Don't forget to order the rum punch!!!!!Mostly good.  You can tell this is a pretty tight ship, except that the map yanks your chain to come before a supposed 11pm closing time, only to find that they close perhaps a couple minutes before 10:30pm (sketchy).  Excellent burger on first visit, and good Mississippi craft beer (among others).  Owners are on site and they seem to set the example for wha seems to be a sharp crew.  Prices are reasonable given the location (where too-low prices can be a bad sign; and too high being the norm for an area that tends to under-deliver on quantity and quality, sorry New Orleans cuisine has generally been a big disappointment, and seems to be better in other states!).  The tip suggestions on the receipt are a telling detail:  they properly begin at 15 percent (not higher), and are properly calculated on the subtotal.  I was going to bring others from the conference once I got there last night, but the closing early thing sent us elsewhere.  I thought of going there now on my way to the airport, having time and money to burn, but I'm sorry to say that I will go to a reliable McDonald's where you can at least get satisfying portions (and I don't even eat that much in one sitting: but stuff lie shrimp po boys are a disappointment at at least a couple places, being mostly air).The food was well prepared and very taste. Everyone in my group found the apps and entries to be some of the we've had in New Orleans 
Great evening!Such a beautiful patio and such courteous wait staff! Truly a hidden gem. I loved the sausage and catfish jambalaya (spicy!) and my boyfriend raved about his cajun style pulled pork sandwich. Definitely sit in the back patio area. It was peaceful and surprisingly quiet among the hustle and bustle of the city. We loved the wait staff--perhaps the best we've ever experienced!Came in at 830pm for a reservation for my friends bachelore party. The server was not the problem. The only problem was the two hour wait for our food. Our party was a party of seven and did not order anything out of the ordinary. Just ordered what was on the menu. The sever was calm and collective and brought us the right drinks. It was not his fault. When they finally brought out my food 230 hours later they brought me the cat fish instead of the aligator sandwich. Come on guys, almost three hours for you guys to not know what the fuck you're doing! Don't come here l. Nothing special, server was not the problem. The problem is the establishment.Great Cajun food at reasonable prices! The service was quick and they were packed! Good place to bring the whole family and get a good meal without breaking the bank It's loud but that's part of its charm! A must during your visitWe came in for an early dinner and the server was good but it felt like every time she came out to check on us it was really more of an afterthought. We ordered the three sausage mix for an appetizer and it was fabulous. They were grilled to perfection and a nice mix of gator, boudin and andouille. The bacon wrapped shrimp were also very good but the rice they were served on was very bland and a bit dry. The crawfish and grits were good but there was too much of the rich creamy sauce and it overpowered the tiny portion of grits. Also there was no bread. We would have ordered it if possible, so much rich creamy and savory food without the French bread for balance left is feeling a bit deprived.The patio is wonderful.  It's set back off the street; a very peaceful place to have a meal.  The service was good as well.  However, the food was just alright - a nicely done sausage sampler was followed by an underwhelming crawfish and grits dish (with a sauce which was mostly cream), as well as an average shrimp in white wine sauce pasta.  The prices were fair; the food was just not particularly inspiring. Given the opportunity, I'll try Evangeline again, as the setting and service were four-star review worthy.Unlimited Bloody Mary's or Mimosas before 1pm on Sunday! I had the Bloody Mary. YUM! The crab cakes and poached eggs were incredibly rich but good! Hubby had chicken and biscuits. He loved it, a lot food for the price. Great place to cure the Sunday morning morning hangover from the Saturday night Bourbon St shenanigans! Gave it four stars because the service was a little slow, and gave my husband the wrong order.I love the fried oysters and the fried okra appetizers. That combo is my favorite meal to go with a great selection of draft beer from the knowledgeable beer loving bartender.This was the best decision we made in New Orleans. They accommodated our large party, were friendly from the time I called for a reservation to the time we left. They gave us some special treatment for celebrating an upcoming wedding and the service was great. Can't say enough wonderful things!Good mom and pop restaurant with amazing ambiance in the courtyard where it is away from the hustle and bustle of the crazy Nola. Great food and service!  I got the seafood sampler with fried shrimp fish and oysters on sweet potato fries.We stopped by after Haarah's on Saturday. We were greeted promptly and got a seat on the patio. Everything was fantastic. We got the crab cakes appetizer which may have been the best crab cakes I've ever had. My husband got the crawfish and grits which were AMAZING. Probably my favorite meal the entire time we were in NOLA. I got the BBQ shrimp which was also tasty. Followed up with desert and coffee, you can't go wrong. I'll be back next time I visit.Awesome bacon wrapped BBQ shrimp!!!  Courtyard cute, but sat along street and people watched.  Fun experience.  Best ever cheesecake!  Recommended.Evangeline, what happened to you? I was so excited to come back here, and was quite disappointed. Maybe we came on an off might, since the other reviews seem to be quite good, but the shrimp and grits that I loved so much a year ago, were nowhere near as good. Instead of the giant, head-on shrimp I had been so enamored with, I got peeled, dried-out shrimp, on top of dried grits with chunky "sauce" that was way too thick to actually be considered a sauce. My husband's pasta was well-cooked, but on the bland side. Given the plethora of other options, I can't see any reason to recommend this restaurant anymore.We were craving a po' boy and Yelp led us here. I'm giving it 5 stars just for the shrimp po boy.  The service was just ok. Anyway the po' bit had LARGE lightly breaded shrimp, the roll was perfectly baked, lettuce & tomato to add that freshness and the pickle to add a crunch. Excellent!! A HUGE sandwich, fit to share.Crawfish grits was an amazing dish. Great amosphere. Very authentic cuisine. Can't wait to come back!We really enjoyed our visit to Evangeline.  Sat outside in the expansive lighted courtyard in the back. The atmosphere is terrific back there and the misters and fans kept it very comfortable on a hot August night. The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable too. I highly, highly recommend this restaurant and think you will enjoy it.Delicious food, such a lovely atmosphere. Great patio area. Manager was so welcoming and accommodating  to our bachelorette party. Eat here!My group was in town for a convention and looked to me (as the NOLA veteran) to pick the spot.  I had never eaten here, but have stopped for a drink in their back courtyard more than once.  We went for it, and it was very good.  I would never have lived it down if it had been so good!  I had the fried green tomatoes and gumbo.  This will now be one of our regular stops.Authentic, delicious Cajun/creole food. Stopped here while wandering the French Quarter for a bite and a drink. Had red beans and rice, creole jambalaya, the Pasta Evangeline and a couple cocktails. Everything was perfect and the service top notch.The atmosphere is very New Orleans!! Red brick walls inside almost give it a courtyard feel but WAIT!!! Tucked behind the main restaurant is the most adorable courtyard!!! It's beyond beautiful with a large tree shading the whole thing. The food is off the hook and the staff are very friendly. Go try this place.. You won't be sorry.Fabulous service!  Everyone was welcoming and friendly.  An added bonus was the fun outdoor area in the back.  Comfy seating and big screen tv without being overwhelming.  The waiter had suggestions and he was right, the crab cakes were outstanding.  So glad we stopped in!Stopped in for late lunch while wandering around on my own. Great staff, atmosphere and menu.
My fried oysters heavily breaded and very salty. Not sure if that is typical of the cuisine or just their take on it.
I prefer more delicate and much less salty style.
Would come back and try something else such as red beans and rice or adult grilled cheese sandwich.What an amazing restuarant and excellent service. They go above and beyond for bachelorette party giving beads and shots to the brides and the food is so incredible. If you come here get the sweet potato fries or the sausage sampler. The sauces will  blow your mind!The food and drinks were fantastic, the service was lacking!  Loved the French toast and our party raved about the omelets. The St Germain Cocktail is their signature drink and is a must try (even first thing in the morning). It's light and refreshing and you will want to order another. We will be back.My group of 15 had a fabulous time.   Wasn't sure what to expect because not many reviews or pictures popped up in my searches but it was better than we'd hoped.  Courtyard is peaceful/quiet/secluded like reviews say. NEW patio furniture when I was there early March.  Food is awesome.  We all ordered different things and nothing disappointed.  Drinks were stronger than anticipated but that's the NOLA way.  Was quiet...until we got there LOL.  Crowd rolled in around 8:30pm. 
Accommodating staff, quick service (7pm reservation Thurs), laissez-faire, Southern/Cajun more than Creole (seasoned/spicy).
Must try:  fried pickles appetizer, seafood platter (enough for 2-3 people), fried okra (appetizer) and Moscow Mule drinkFood was great. We tried the gator bites and had the jambalaya and the chicken special. Great flavor, great food. We loved itVery cute small classy place. We didn't have reservation but us 7 ladies were seated promptly. I had the best spicy Bloody Mary ever! It comes with bacon and pickled green beans. The manager got us a round of fireball shots since we were there for a bachelorette. The waitresses were very sweet. I had fried okra, wedge salad with fried oysters. It was so good! I paid with cash and the waitress gave me too much change back ($10 extra). I was honest and gave it back! She recommended places for us to visit after dinner. Later we saw her walking by our hotel and she stopped and chatted with us. The manager ran into us later down the street and chatted with us also. Delicious food served by sweet folks. I loved it!I wandered in from a windy cloudy evening and was greeted with friendliness and warmth. The owners were very nice. The crawfish and grits was very good. A different twist from NC shrimp and grits. A great find in a bottomless sea of" best gumbo" places in the french quarter.Evangeline was the first restaurant I tried in New Orleans. I found it completely by chance on Yelp while I was sitting in my room at the Sheraton. Fortunately, I arrived before the main crowd, so seating was immediate. The server was knowledgable and I appreciated a simple menu. Order anything from the full bar, especially the house beverages. Eating on the back patio is also a plus. Evangeline is darkly lit, which I personally like. It creates an ambience that adds to the allure of the French Quarter. The food is fresh and is clearly prepared by a knowledgeable chef. I will certainly return to Evangeline the next time return to New Orleans.Went there for dinner - crab cakes were ok, crawfish etoufee was not good- tomato based no rue - did not like it neither did my husband - courtyard is nice thoughWe got into New Orleans 4 hours late after a flight delay and were anxious for a drink and a bite to eat. Our plan was to hit up Tableau and sit on their balcony overlooking Jackson Square but found that the entire upstairs was reserved for a wedding. On to plan B which ended up being Evangeline. We sat in their quiet unassuming courtyard and partook of their happy hour which is available daily from 3-6. We both enjoyed a rum punch as well as fried okra and crab cakes. All were reasonably priced, delicious, delivered with a smile and very friendly service.This was the best food I had all weekend in New Orleans! I ordered the grits and crawfish and it was delicious. They accommodated our large party perfectly (10 of us) and our server was very helpful. An other girl in our party had the Jambalaya mild and it was delicious if you're not looking for something spicy. Overall, great ambiance, food and service!This review is really mixed.  The biggest thing I would say to the chef is to TASTE what you are serving your customers.  
Service: Excellent, attentive and helpful.
Starter: The Southern Sausage Sampler platter was excellent.  Delicious and the sausages had just the right amount of char on them.  The Creole mustard cream sauce went perfectly with them and the crisped garlic mashed potatoes were exquisite.  A VERY rich dish, but something worth getting again. 
Entree:  We both ordered the shrimp and grits.  The whole plate was smothered with about a half cup of the Worcestshire based sauce.  This overpowered anything the shrimp flavor would have brought to the dish.  Like the only thing you could taste was the raisins and vinegar in the sauce.  Rather than just send it back as inedible, I asked for a side of grits without any sauce, wiped the extra sauce (what had not soaked into the shrimp) off the shrimp and ate it with a forkful of grits without the sauce.  This was tasty and you still had plenty of flavor from the sauce.  The sauce should have been drizzled, not smothered.  Otherwise, the dish should have been called WORCESTERSHIRE BARBECUE SAUCE with some shrimp and grits for texture.
Might come back, might now, but probably just for a sausage sampler app, at first.Enjoyed my first blackened Bologna sandwich. It had red onion, Creole mustard, Krystal mayo, cheese, pickles and jalapenos with a side of fries (well done, yum).  Bartender Adam made the whole experience very fun and educating.
My husband had the catfish jumbalaya. He loved it!Had the adult grilled cheese, Evangeline pasta (with shrimp), and strawberry shortcake dessert (with a side if ice cream). All delicious! Met the owner Tony who was a stand out guy! Also our waitress Katie was excellent. Must try.Dominique and Paul were awesome.  Great atmosphere and drinks. Thanks for the great time in New Orleans!My bridal party made a reservation at Evangeline's for dinner while in New Orleans for my bachelorette party. It was absolutely one of highlights of our trip. The reservation process was easy and accommodating. We were seated immediately, enjoyed every bit of our food and drink, and were exceptionally well taken care of by our waitress. Knowing that we were celebrating, Evangeline's even had our table decorated with pink and white beads for our arrival. It was a lovely experience!top notch food along with great service! the atmosphere was lovely as well! we loved the po boy & fried oysters. everything was fantastic! will be back when visiting new orleans again!My wife and I had a delicious late afternoon lunch here yesterday; the food was delicious; also... Try a Bloody Mary from the bar and you can't go wrong.Po-boys are anything but! No "poor" here. Loaded with perfectly cooked, crunchy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside, shrimp and oysters on a tasty roll with creamy remoulade. Add some Crystal hot sauce to your remoulade just to kick it up a notch. Try the double-hand breaded fried okra too. Super friendly, fun staff will chat with you and happily answer any questions you have. It's a tiny place, easy to miss if you're not looking. Don't get distracted by the girl in front of the candy store across the street handing out free praline samples. Eat lunch here first!Great food and drinks. Ordered frozen drinks and sandwiches. Stopped in after a long day of wandering. Sat at the bar. Everything was delicious and came out quickly. The staff were friendly, knowledgeable and skilled. What else can you ask for?I came for a drink and a quick bite. The bartender and manager were fantastic, both chatty-- in a good way! -- and had helpful suggestions for my trip. I had my first sazerac there! And it was the best I had on my trip. The crawfish etouffee was... Not the best... But I would strongly recommend the bar, the staff and the ambience.Fantastic food and service with Southern hospitality. So glad we stopped here after a rowdy walk and a drink through Bourbon St. 
I still had my drink in hand when we arrived so I offered to finish it outside - I believe it was the manager or owner who goes "naw, come on in!" We really appreciated that considering it was cold out and most places explicitly say that they don't allow outside beverages. 
Our waitress Sarah was a sweetheart and we absolute loved everything we ordered (fried oysters, fried okra, shrimp and grits. 
It's a challenge to narrow down food and restaurant options in this area...a lot of places are overhyped, overpriced or overly upscale. I loved that Evangeline was mellow, yet moderately upscale and romantic with great tasting dishes that weren't pretentious or overpriced. So glad I made this one of our meals during our vacation!This place was suggested to me for big groups by a friend who had recently gone. I was able to easily make reservations for my group of 12 by calling. They were very accommodating and had our table ready pretty quickly as we arrived. They have a pretty patio out back (as many NOLA restaurants do) and a well designed interior. They were also accommodating of food and payment request such as our split checks. The food was a bit overpriced and not very inspiring, hence the 3 stars.Came in for a dinner on the first night in NOLA. The reviews were pretty great so thought.... why not?
The good: the drinks were good and the bartender and hostess were friendly. The Strawberry Blonde was delish! The BBQ shrimp was so good full of flavor and a little heavy on rosemary but I like rosemary. The atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming. 
The bad: we ordered the BBQ shrimp as an app and it basically never came. There were three of us and we ordered the pasta, bacon wrapped shrimp and the jambalaya. The meals took about 30 minutes to come out still no app in sight. The bacon wasn't cooked still pink so couldn't eat the shrimp. The rice was terribly undercooked (still crunchy) in the jambalaya. The pasta was the only okay dish, not full of flavor but edible. 
The recovery for the flub was really good by the host (she was fab!). The server was laid back (I guess) so he wasn't too concerned he eventually moseyed down to our table after the table next to us had started to chat and convene with us. We weren't sure where he disappeared to. It was relayed our app had reached another table and they gave us a free cup of gumbo and 10% off the check. All in all wouldn't return and the food was mediocre.Sat at the bar; I ordered a Sazerac & the niece ordered a tequila mojito. Both cocktails were freshly prepared & hit the spot. Between us we ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes, the Fried Alligator & the Pasta Evangeline. Both the fried tomatoes & alligator were coated well, with a not too heavy batter, and were clearly prepared to order. There were 5 tomatoes, each generously sliced; the corn salsa with the crab had a nice flavor & complimented the tartness of the tomatoes. The tomatoes were plated with a remoulade sauce, which was good, however, the sauce was also served with the alligator, so I'd have enjoyed something different. Speaking of the alligator, the pieces were just the perfect sized bite & there were plenty of pieces in the sampler sized portion. The niece enjoyed her pasta & there was an ample enough portion for her to box 1/2 up to go. This was an impromptu stop for us; a place to drop in & get out of the NOLA heat. We're pleased we did so, enjoying our drinks, food & the overall relaxed atmosphere.This food was so good! Do yourself a favor and stop here and eat the crawfish and grits!! One of the best dishes I ate in New Orleans!!Visited two days in a row. Owners are delightful. Atmosphere is great and prices are good. Highly recommend!We stopped in to this little gem as part of the NOLA Beer Tour (which was a lot of fun). They offer local craft brews (my favorite was the strawberry - very surprising flavor and not sweet) and they have a really nice courtyard in the back of the restaurant. As part of the beer tour, we got a small cup of red beans and rice that was so good - it prompted us to come back for dinner after the tour.  Our bartender, Gabby, and the owner, Rhonda, were thrilled to see us return. We all had more of the red beans & rice, sweet potato fries and the fried okra - which everyone enjoyed except for me - and for entrees we had the crawfish and grits - the BEST I've ever had, another at the table had the seafood platter and another had the jambalaya. All of the entrees were really good - but the hands-down winner was the crawfish & grits.  Everything was perfectly seasoned (even for us Northerners) and we even got to thank the chef personally. It's a great little bar for cocktails or local beer - and even if' you're not there around lunch or dinnertime - try the red beans & rice.So yummy!!! The courtyard is a lovely spot to eat and the sausage trio appetizer was amazing!!!Fantastic food and service.   The crab-cakes are better than anything I've had in either Boston or Baltimore, the steak is the proper temperature the FIRST time.  I will eat here every time I'm in New Orleans, in fact, my next trip will be for the expressed purpose of eating there again.We brought our company out from California to experience New Orleans and an hour after landing we were having dinner at Evangalines.  They did not disappoint. Amongst our party we probably tried everything on the menu and there wasn't anything that wasn't awesome. Service was great. The chef even came to check on us. Thanks for the awesome first night in NOLA EvangalinesMy wife and I were in town over the weekend and stopped here for a late night snack/dinner on Friday.  
As soon as we saw the blackened bologna sandwich I knew what I was ordering. To mix it up she ordered an andouille poboy.
While the andouille was good, the blackened bologna was incredible.  In a town ripe with great sandwiches, this one should be in any conversation discussing the best sandwiches in Nola.
We requested a side of mayo and added that to the bologna sandwich.  It was already great as it is listed on the menu, but to us a sandwich or poboy in Nola needs mayo.
The atmosphere was low-key, service prompt but not overbearing, and the owner was very friendly. This will definitely earn repeat visits.Love the crab cakes Benedict with potatoes. Super yummy and worth the wait. The icing on the cake was the pudding beignets. Our server was also very attentive and helpful. It was a nice little quiet place for brunch in the middle of New Years eve madness all around!I give this a "meh". Service and ambiance were nice, but I was disappointed in my food. I got the pulled pork sandwich. Both the buns an the pickles were of the same quality as my high school cafeteria food. I'm always disappointed when places use those mass-produced white buns. The pork was tasty, but the portion didn't even cover the bun, and the cole slaw on top was about 2 tablespoon's worth. The sweet potato fries were very good, but did not make up for the lack of quality in the sandwich.We went here on Sunday May 22.
Go here for a drink but not the food, basic at best! Service stinks, waitress more interested in her phone and bartender than the customer. 
Crab cakes were wrecked by a ton of raw red onion, almost not edible unless you like eating raw onion.
The etouffee was ok, had to flag waitress down for basics such as bread, water, other order of drinks.
Would never go back, too many good places in NOLA to waste on this place.I was blown away with the service, food, and atmosphere at Evangeline. I made a special reservation for a bachelorette dinner for my best friend and our friends (10 people total) in their outdoor courtyard. The outdoor courtyard was private with exposed brick and twinkle lights- perfect for a romantic and fun occasion with plenty of room for all of us and other tables comfortably. The staff had our table ready on time, kindly greeted us, and brought us drinks right away. They gave us complimentary shots to start as well! The food was very authentic to New Orleans and delicious. By the end of the night, the owner came out to make sure everything was great and even gave us bottles of champagne to toast. My best friend told me it was "the best dinner she ever had because they made her feel so special" and made sure everything was wonderful! Huge thank you to the owner and staff for making this such a memorable experience for all of us. We can't wait to come back!Maybe I ordered wrong but I wasn't wowed by the food, although the bartender that served me was great. I had Bacon wrapped shrimp with rice pilaf, the shrimp was burned and not good. I couldn't taste the bacon, the rice pilaf was the best part of the dish and it shouldn't have been. Fried okra was good. I had a glass of wine. Asked if I could sample two to decide and they said no, first time rejected on getting a taste pour. Probably more a two star for the food but I'll go three due to the bartender.The service was attentive and friendly and I almost left four stars but my food was just not good enough to do so. We sat down for happy hour tapas and drinks and were able to get a table quickly; however, saw that groups were beginning to have an hour wait to be seated. We tried the crab cake, bacon wrapped shrimp, Cajun nachos, and fried pickles along with two glasses of house red. 
My parter said that the bacon wrapped shrimp was great but the sauce on the crab cake was too overpowering. In my opinion the nachos were too cold. They were loaded with beans, jalapeños, cheese and sour cream and were good but it was off putting as it was too messy and too cold (the beans is what made the fish cold). The fried pickles were good but not great but I would recommend them to try. 
The house red was good and for $5, a steal. A nice spot to grab a bite some of the menu looked super interesting and I remember seeing "from the farm" options which seem enticing!The food was amazing! Really inexpensive and delicious. Something for everyone in the group to enjoy. Recommend going for happy hour because the deals are even better. The service was also good and our server was telling us NOLA facts and made it fun!Happy hour.  Quiet evening.  
Seated at the bar which turned out to be a bad decision.  Already at the bar was someone who seemed intent on running down his list of bars he's worked at or considering with our barman.  Difficult to ignore when he was speaking loudly.
That set the tone.
Service was OK although I had to order something else since they had no cucumber for Pimms Cup.  So Moscow Mule it is.  Delicious!
For munchies:  fried okra served with their home made remoulade sauce.  Good and not greasy at all.  Delicious with sauce.Gotta love this place! Great food, great service, and always a great experience. Evangiline's bar is very inviting with the dark woods against exposed brick, you cannot help but feel welcome. Did I mention it's great service!?
The crab cakes are amazing! Red beans and rices with sausage is among the very best in NOLA!This is a nice little restaurant. They have a back patio, perfect for a quiet dinner. They were able to seat us right away, and the service was fine.
We shared our appetizers, the crab cakes and Fried Green Tomatoes. The crab cakes tasted fine, they seemed too soft for me though- they fell apart when you tried to pick them up with your fork. The fried green tomatoes were delicious, spiced nicely, with a delicious corn/crab salsa on top.
My main course I ordered the crawfish etoufee. I must warn you, this is not like any etoufee I have seen. Chunks of tomato and crawfish, spiced perfectly, it is delicious!Came for a late lunch on a Saturday and had the patio nearly to ourselves. Had the fried okra, jambalaya, and red beans and rice. We liked the jambalaya better than the red beans, but maybe that's to be expected. The jambalaya had great flavor. We finished it off with their bread pudding beignets, WOW that was good (think more bread pudding than beignet). Our waitress was also great. I think the price was a little high, but that's typical of this area.Food is excellent. Service was iffy. Had to flag down a different server to refill after glasses because our server disappeared.
What could have been a 5 star review was brought down to 3 because of service. 
Charged for things we didn't receive because they were out. 
It felt like they were trying to make extra money off of tourists.
We've been here over 3 hours. My goodness.There were 3 other people in the place for brunch. We sat at the bar. The server was nice, but not particularly interested in us unless we called him over (there was a pretty girl at the other end of the bar). The Bloody Mary was good, and the food was good -- but nothing exceptional. Our local Cajun place in Denver does better etouffee and jambalaya. Just too much rice, not enough meat, and not that much flavor. We doused our food with hot sauce. Overall: good but I wouldn't come back with all the other options nearby.We experienced Evangeline for Happy Hour (till 6pm) just before getting on the Steamboat. It is an inviting atmosphere, great service and the Crab Cakes ($7) were delicious, so much so that we came back a few days later!Worst service I have ever had in my life. We had a large group that they could have made a lot of money off of and they treated us like crap. After an hour and a half of waiting for our orders they had them wrong and then blamed us. Do not go here. Easily the worst dining experience I have ever had.We got a friend's recommendation to hit up Evangeline before arriving so we made a point to stop by early on our trip. It was a good choice.
Upon arriving we were asked if we'd like to sit on the back patio. The weather was good and as our friend had also mentioned the outdoor seating, we took a look and agreed that it'd be nice. It's a lovely area flanked by a mixture of old brick walls with overhead trees and string lighting which set a nice mood as the sun set. As the meal progressed, the outdoor heaters were very much appreciated as it got a little chillier.
We ordered crab cakes to start, simply because we knew they had to be better than the ones we'd ordered from room service our first night in at the hotel (didn't feel like going out that first night after driving in). They were indeed tasty, and vastly superior to the hotel version. We followed the crab cakes with an order of Acadia crawfish & grits and a pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. If given the option, go for these fries because they're great - nicely prepared with, I think, a hint of brown sugar. The sandwich had plenty of pork, tons of flavor, and a bun that had been toasted on the inside which added a pleasant crunch to the bite. My wife really enjoyed her dish and said the grits were wonderful. While I didn't try any, they have a nice selection of regional craft beers.
Service was friendly and attentive, even while sitting out back. I recommend this restaurant as a solid dining option in the French Quarter with above-average food for a reasonable price.It was awesome. Really good beer selection. Fresh food an huge portion. Nice service and very polite. The atmosphere is friendly and calm.I found this restaurant after looking for new places on Yelp. The reviews were pretty good. It's a nice small bar with several tables to sit at. I went for Sunday Brunch. There are several items listed for breakfast but not like I anticipates. I had the pull pork sandwich that was suggested. It wasn't the best I've ever has but it was filling. The customer service was great. I absolutely enjoyed chatting with several of them. I enjoyed it for the sake of something new but really not worth me returning.Food was amazing!!! I am huge fan of the Spicy chicken Jambalaya it was amazing.   our waiter Nate was really good, straight up on dishes as to which were best and tended to your needs immediately but without hovering it was perfect last meal of our visit and would have been more had I found this sooner!!Great, quite place. The girlfriend and I found this place not far from our hotel and wanted to give it a try from the reviews. The staff was friendly and the food was good. In fact, we went back the next day for dinner. Our first trip for lunch I had the blackened bologna and the next day for dinner I had the pulled pork. The bologna was interesting. The flavors were good but it was a little too thick for my taste - that is my own preference and has nothing to do with the quality of the sandwich. The menu even states that it is a thick cut. The pulled pork was more my style. It was very messy but delicious. We will definitely be back next time we are in town. There is a courtyard in the back but we did not sit out there because 1. it was hot and humid and 2. there was a bachelorette party the second time we went.This is one of the few places we looked up on Yelp that doesn't have 100+ reviews but is still at high star rating.  We decided to check it out.  We stopped by on a weekday for lunch and was surprised it was not busy at all.  We were nervous at first since it was completely empty when we walked in.  There is a nice courtyard in the back and we were lucky when we were there it was not raining.  
Sat at the courtyard and ordered one of the local beers that was really delicious called NOLA Blonde Ale.  We ordered BBQ Shrimp and Fried Catfish with a small side salad.  Also ordered a cup of the red beans and rice.  
We had gone to Mother's the next day and had some red beans and rice and honestly I really like the red beans and rice at Evangeline much better.  It was a little thicker with little bits and pieces of meat in it.  I think of all the red beans and rice we ate while in New Orleans, this place has the best tasting one! 
I really enjoyed their salad and their catfish and I LOVED their BBQ shrimp!  It was grilled and I like that it wasn't drenched with BBQ sauce all over.  It was succulent and delicious!  
I would definitely come back to this place again when I visit New Orleans next time.  Yummy food, great prices and we didn't have to wait 30+ mins to get seated!  Love this little gem!Did a large group dinner here- 25+ people. one server for the whole table- she was great and all, but one server for 25 people? took ages for her to go around and get drinks took ages for her to check for anything- and not at all for lack of effort. Just a bad setup. Food was good- fried oysters, crawfish etouffee, alligator, catfish, all tasty. Dishes were small to medium size- i was still hungry after an app and a main. the meal took 3 hours- once again part of that was we were a large group- but the setup probably added an hour of waiting. sazerac was tiny and not very tasty.Facebook Memories popped up today and reminded me that we were at Evangelines this time last year.  We had just finished our segueway tour (so much fun, but that's a different review) and a storm blew up and had everyone ducking into whatever storefront and restaurant was nearby.  We spotted Evangelines went in and were able to get the last table with the host apologizing and warning that with everyone coming in, it might take a while to get food.  We ordered drinks and an app (Acadiana Sausage Sampler SO GOOD) and ordered food later.  Never wanted for anything, server was great despite being slammed, food was excellent, atmosphere was beautiful...and dry.  Will definitely be on our agenda next time, regardless of the weather.You have to have the crawfish grits and the alligator biscuits in gravy for brunch!! My husband and I split this and it was heavenly!! 
The atmsophere is awesome. Great service and beautiful inside.Quiet refuge in French Quarter!  We enjoyed the quiet, warm setting here, and the food was yummy--I had jambalaya, and my son had a burger.  But I thought the service was a bit lackadaisical--didn't seem to much care that we were there.  It's not a huge complaint, but just should be noted.We visited on a quiet Saturday night, and were immediately seated. Our server was new, so was understandably jittery, but didn't really make us feel at ease.  In any case, the food was decent - typical New Orleans fare of red beans and rice, sausage and corn bread, fried seafood and fries. The seafood was good, well seasoned and hot. The red beans were tasty, the best part of the meal. Unfortunately the corn bread was tasteless and stale, so a real let down from what we'd experienced in another restaurant. All in all a pleasant night, but not the most memorable experience. Would recommend for a quiet evening with light jazz in an intimate settingCan't say enough about how wonderful owner Rhonda was with booking/answering questions/ doing affordable menus for our large group of corporate guests!!! Courtyard was very nice, service even nicer. Food was totally NOLA...the crawfish & grits especially tasty! Portions were generous, drinks were yummy.
Although this was on the edge of the crazy French Quarter it was NOT crazy, but felt relaxing. Try this hidden gem, and have the crawfish if they are in season!!!Service was super slow, food was terrible. Came here for our last night in New Orleans and we were terribly disappointed. Courtyard is pretty but not worth it, there are too many other amazing NOLA restaurants to waste a night here.We visited Evangeline for my friend's bachelorette party. They were more than accommodating with separate checks (we had 13 girls) and offered us shots and 2 bottles of champagne on the house! I recommend this spot for any big party. Oh and the food was delish!Great food and fabulous service!  Cozette was the best server she was friendly and extremely knowledgeable about the area and the food!  I highly recommend the sausage sampler!!!! I would give this place 10 stars!Good causal vibe in the patio! Great for romance or a small group. 
Patio-5 stars
Food-3.5 stars 
Overall-4. 
Food was good and elegant. Not your local fried joint. More delicate in offerings   Very flavorful. 
Would come back for an evening with the finance anytime!First visit to NOLA, and this was our first stop for dinner. Definitely made a reservation since we had a good feeling all the conference folks and weekenders will be out and about on a Saturday night. 
We ordered gator bites and the fried oysters as appetizers. Highly recommend! The seasoning is on point and food was delivered fairly quick. They have a decent drinks menu as well. 
Ordered the Pasta Evangeline with shrimp and loved it! Also had the opportunity to try their sausage jambalaya with seafood broth and it was amazing. 
Overall a great experience. Service was great, and waitress was very nice, patient, and helpful. Would definitely recommend for other folks and will return again next time I'm around. Thanks again for a great experience Evangeline!Excellent place! I had the red beans and rice. It was delicious and I'll definitely be back for more.What a great little place. Wasn't very lacked when we went so we didn't wait for anything. Server was ready and found out his mom was the cook. I had a French quarter mile for my drink and was delicious!!!  Great variety of choices. Fried oysters were AMAZING!!!!!! Definitely worth goingWhat a lovely evening! We had exceptional food, ambiance, and service. We sat out on the patio which had plenty of seating and string lights. Our food (fried okra bites and fried green tomatoes) arrived quickly, tasted delicious, and were perfect to share between two people. We also got a Pimm's cup which was excellent. We missed happy hour by a half hour and are looking forward to going back soon.This restaurant is one of my favorites in NOLA! We stopped in on a random December night a couple years ago and loved the food and the outdoor space. While planning our destination wedding in New Orleans, we remembered Evangeline and decided to host our welcome dinner here the night before our wedding last November.  The food and service was awesome, and Rhonda and Tony the owners could not have been nicer or more accommodating.  The space is much more intimate than some of the other venues in the French Quarter for a rehearsal dinner and the open courtyard and lighting created the perfect nighttime atmosphere.  Because they closed the restaurant down for us, we were able to spread out and our guests could use the indoor space if they wanted to be around AC, even though the weather was nice outside.  You won't regret coming here, and we can't wait to visit again!The food was pretty good, maybe an 8/10 (I should have ordered the crawfish etoufee), but the service was AMAZING. We were there for a Bachelorette Party and the Management and Waitstaff went out of their way to make sure our experience was Top Notch.Great food and even better service. We had the gator bites and the gator gumbo and they also have a good selection of local beerGreat atmosphere and friendly staff.   Food was not anything to write home about. Shrimp poor boy was to much bread and not enough shrimp. The Bacon wrapped shrimp was soggy and the shrimp was little.Went last night for dinner and it was great! The building itself is really neat with the exposed brick and lanterns over the bar. We unfortunately didn't get to visit that patio because it was so cold. The crab cake appetizer was great! I got the blackened chicken salad. the chicken was great! Jalapeño dressing was just the right amount of heat. Only "negative" is that there could have been more accessories to the salad (it just came with white onions and cherry tomatoes...could've been dressed up a bit more). My friends go the hamburger which looked and smelled fantastic as well as the friend oyster appetizer. So good!! Great find!! I'm a local and will definitely be visiting again!Prices are a bit high, but the food and service was very good. Great atmosphere, very relaxed, a nice getaway from the occasional madness of the French Quarter. I would recommend it, for any group. My Moscow Mule was weak but the Dark n Stormy was strong.Im apprehensive to give this place a great review, because I kind of want to keep it my awesome bar that nobody knows about. Its always had great service and atmosphere, and it's not usually too crowded.  Nice courtyard in the back, too.  Can't speak for the food- never eaten here.  But they have a decent selection of draft beers.Grabbed a quick bite and brew before a show at House of Blues. Sat at the bar so as not to take up a table, though the bar was actually more popular. 
Great selection of beer, and both the bartender and the menu were quite helpful for folks figuring out exactly how to choose. I settled on a local saison and the jambalaya, which were perfect solo and paired together.
The new owner and manager were sitting down the bar from me, so I'm sure everyone was on their game. The service was solid and the vibe was comfortable. I was on my way to House of Blues with time to spare without ever being hurried.Stopped by there for a quick drink but ended up staying for several hours. Staff is most professional. I had a wonderful evening and plan on going there tomorrow for dinner.I hate leaving bad reviews so I'll start with the positives - good service and a cute restaurant in a convenient area. The food, however, was unimpressive compared to every other fantastic meal we ate while on our trip. We ordered the house salad and crab cakes to start - both of which were pretty good. Then we had the bacon wrapped shrimp and chicken jambalaya (spicy). The chicken was overcooked but otherwise it was again, just okay. The bacon wrapped shrimp was undercooked and we are now feeling the pain of mild food poisoning. With all the amazing food you can find in the area, I would not risk or recommend coming here.This is an authentic and charming gem!! Krissi was very personable, genuine, attentive, informative and fun to have as our waitress. The food (jambalaya and etouffe) was outstanding! Highly recommend.Great place for good food and drinks!! My friends and I came for happy hour. Wonderful apps and drinks. Gary and Patty were very helpful and excellent servers. Try the strawberry blonde cocktail it was so refreshing! We came back the next day for brunch and it was lovely!I'm not sure if my expectations were too high, but they were really just alright. The location was nice, the service was standard, the food was... mixed. My husband liked what he ordered, and the appetizers were alright, but my etoufee was very unlike etoufee. The crawfish seemed a little over done, their was no roux in sight. It kind of just seemed like canned tomato sauce and crawfish with some small additions.Beautiful courtyard! Ask for the bartender special, not on the  menu: Summer Sensation. Refreshing cucumber drink with jin. Delicious.Review for the bar only. 
Nice selection of drinks at a range of prices. Love the pomegranate (with pom) mimosa for $5 only. The entire place has a cozy feel that makes you forget that you're in the quarter all together. It was nice to come in here on a cold almost-Thanksgiving day to get a little warmth from our friend EtOH. 
The service was good and the bartenders didn't bother us (small group of women) as we sat, sipped, and talked for an hour or two. All-in-all, a great place to get drinks that I had forgotten about. Doesn't sound like the food is all that stellar here from other yelp reviews, but I can't complain about the drinks or the service at the bar!Nothing terribly special except for decent comfort food served in an atmosphere that permits you to exhale slowly after being accelerated by New Orleans. Grilled cheese with bacon a winner. Ask for the owner Tony. He is a nice man who appreciate praise and respects criticism.Made reservations the day of for 8 of us for our friends 40th. When we got there we were told that it would be a wait for the courtyard, so we took a table inside instead. They were VERY accommodating. In the end, we were glad we were inside. 
The service was a tad off, not bad, but not on. Almost everything we had was phenomenal. My wife ordered the Étouffée. It was not what she expected so they happily exchanged it. I had the Crawfish and Grits, it was amazing. The crab cakes were very good too. 
In the end, a few bumps but they handled it very well and the food is on point. Great atmosphere and some mellow live jazz as well. We'll be back.First time in the French quarter and this restaurant is a must! Great food and great service! Highly recommend!I really wanted to like this place. Cute outdoor patio in the back, interesting bar ambiance in the front. And best of all, they could seat us at 8:30 on a weekend night without reservations. It took 55 minutes for our waiter to bring out our order--an oyster po boy and an appetizer portion of crab cakes. I gotta say, the sandwich was quite good (although the kitchen refused my request to add bacon to the oyster po boy) but the French fries were still somewhat raw when they were brought out with the sandwich and the crab cakes were also undercooked and under seasoned. I think the kitchen fell behind and was rushing things out in the end.  No bread was brought to the table in our hour sitting there and we had to ask for utensils when the food did eventually make its way out.  Could be we also had the same inexperienced waiter another reviewer did. This place is ripe for a Kitchen Nightmares-like makeover--it should be good, but they desperately need to manage it better.All I can say is Evangeline is excellent! !  Very unique and unassuming.   The sausage sampler is a true representation of cajun sausages of the region. Our main courses were equally impressive. I enjoyed the bacon wrapped shrimp and my wife reported the crawfish and grits to be the best she has ever had. All in all a truly enjoyable dining experience.We stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon just after arriving in town. The vibe and decor are very cool and most importantly, the service was fantastic. Our server greeted us immediately with a smile and some cold water. We tried a beer that wasn't to our liking and he immediately brought us something else that we loved. We didn't even have to ask!  The food was excellent as well. Can't remember exactly what we ordered ( we WERE in a bar in NOLA after all) but I do remember that it was delicious. I definitely recommend this spot.This is some of the freshest seafood you're going to taste in a true New Orleans flair. The bartender was great. He recommended the FireHouse Draft and it was fantastic. I had the Crab Cakes - fresh, delicious and mildly spicy as well. My entree was the Food Network famous, Crawfish and Grits. You will not be disappointed if you try this as this is hearty, healthy and exceptionally well done. It tasted real good. This is a must go place for the folks who like to try New Orleans Cuisine at a nice spot away from Bourbon.This place was so freaking delicious. I will definitely eat here again the next time I visit NOLA. We ordered the jambalaya, cup of gumbo, pasta Evangeline and red beans and rice. All were fabulous. I can't say enough good things. We finished off the meal with beignet bread pudding which was incredible. Amazing experience all around.When we saw this place had been on the Food Network, we decided to make reservations. We should have known something would not be right when we walked up and noticed the place was empty at 7:30 PM. The restaurant is gorgeous inside and out, and the wait staff is lovely, but the food left much to be desired at very high prices. We paid over $100 for food that was either overly vinegary, bland, and overcooked. When we complained about our food, the only thing the chef did was to send back our waitress with an explanation of ingredients. No apology, no suggestion of a refund, nor a suggestion for a different plate. Not classy at all. Would definitely not go back.The staff was unorganized, the biscuits had no flavor and did not taste homemade. The request for butter brought out to go packets of country crock.We were standing next to this bistro looking  at Yelp and read the brunch menu and bottomless mimosa/bloody Mary's. Decided to eat here in the courtyard. Mimosas were great and very reasonable for bottomless. Food was all good. Cheese grits perfect, andouille sausage great. Biscuits to die for. Our waiter, Jacob was not bothersome but always there when needed. Staff friendlyA really pleasant meal. Brunch, lunch, dinner.What an incredible find.  It only looks like a coozy corner bar until you walk through the charming brick corridor to the fabulous outdoor court yard dining.  Everything made with local produce including lemons from the owners yard.  Owner himself came out to say Hi & share the history of name.The food here is delicious and very reasonable. Get there early for dinner because it gets quite busy. The bacon wrapped shrimp and crab cakes were phenomenal.TRY THE CRAWFISH AND GRITS! We walked in and were seated immediately at the bar. The service was great and the crawfish and grits are literally to die for!We went here for lunch during our trip to New Orleans. It was simply delicious! They had a special melon punch that was made that day...it was amazing! The fried okra was great. My friends had the fried oysters and raved about them. All of our entrees were sizeable and we all took home leftovers. The desert was okay, but a small portion. I will definitely visit this restaurant again.Checked out this place while in town for a conference. We decided to sit outside. While the service was a little slow (sorry we we sat ourselves I didnt see a wait to be seated sign) the food was pretty decent.Atmosphere was excellent, both inside and in the courtyard.  Food was excellent, with a good variety of local options without being overwhelming.
Owners were very gracious and appreciative.  Server was very helpful with advice on food to try and places to see while on our first trip to NOLA.  
Would certainly give it a shot, and will certainly go there again.Excellent food but simply the worst service I've ever had in 25 years of coming to Nola. Messed up bill and rude treatment.After watching a coking show with this restaurant as one of the selected places we decided that on our trip we would stop and check it out. Well we just left a few moments ago and we can't stop talking about it. The food was amazing! The bacon wrapped shrimp was amazing! And Charlotte was the best even if we did drink all of the foo foo drinks from the bar! "Rum Punch"!This restaurant never disappoints! Great trout special, amazing cheesecake situation and a great cocktail menu!! I have been there 3 times. And I will continue to go there and introduce new people to this hidden gem every time I go! Brazilian Evangeline and Chef JimmyPretty mediocre experience overall. Service was slow. Had to ask for things multiple times. Etouffe is not etouffee. Tasted fine with a nice spice. Etouffee should have a sauce. This was baked tomatoes with crawfish. Friend got steak that was very overdone. Can't expect great food in the quarter, but this is well below average.Used YELP to find out about this place and really glad we did.  We were in the mood for a quiet courtyard dinner away from the noise of Burbon Street.  Evangeline was perfect for this.  Nice courtyard.  Extremely friendly and service oriented staff.  My wife and I truly enjoyed the evening as we were able to talk while sipping wine and having dinner.  The crawfish bisque was wonderful.  The catfish filet dinner with sweet potatoe fries was also excellent.  Check it out.We went here for dinner after a day of walking and exploring. Saw the reviews and thought we were in for a Nola treat- the appetizer filet mignon bruschetta was the best part of our meal! The bacon wrapped shrimp was the smallest shrimp we have seen in Nola our entire time, the red fish was charred even though we were told it was grilled and the sausage chicken gumbo had very very little meat in it.  Overall very disappointed with the cost of the meals in relation to the portion sizes compared to other restaurants we had gone to. The 3 stars is for the appetizer and cocktails we had. Service was slow - a large party that sat to our right about 30 mins after we arrived had the complete attention of the staff and our waiter as well.3 of us went, ordered 3 different meals, and all 3 are some of the greatest things we've ever eaten. Lance will make the greatest shrimp and gits you have ever had in your life. Gill will be the greatest waiter you will ever have. I will return to Nola purely for this place.The food was on par with many of the restaurants in the French quarter, came in for lunch so giving them the benefit of the doubt that dinner service is better. We waited 30 min for drinks in the courtyard because our server "couldn't find the bartender." There were a total of three servers and 6 tables sat (including our two top). Try it if you'ld like you night have better luck but I prefer just about any of the other restaurants for food and service in the quarter.