Lobster poboy is all I will say !!! Best hands down !!! So delicious and the ice cream is great as wellFried lobster po'boy is amazing!! Sampled the ice cream it was really yumm. Next time for dessertExcellent meatball sub and Lobster Po-boy! The meatball was on a soft delicious bread with an tasty marinara covering everything. Great neighborhood shop with shop made premium ice cream and espresso. 
Worth the trip to this neighborhood joint!This was one my group of friends favorite places when we came to town. My friends and I found this place randomly walking around looking for food. The fried lobster po boy was SO good we decided to stop by again before we drove back to Ohio. The dude working there was awesome too. Friendly and gave us some great recommendations for things to do. Definitely try this place.Stopped in on a Saturday for breakfast.
Place was new and the owner was super engaged and quite charming. Despite the fact that it was breakfast, he forced us to try his (excellent) ice cream.
Main issue was that a party of 6 came in after us and they struggled to deal with the various orders, so things ended up taking forever. And the second party got their food before us. Which was unhappy.
Wild Boar Sloppy Joe: big burger w spiced, well flavored meat - interesting treat for breakfast
Bacon, Egg, Cheese: on hamburger bun, solid
Fries: thick cut, tasty
Ice cream: not super sugary, mint was real mint - quite good.I am very happy I found this place. I was just walking by and wanted some coffee and happened to walk in. I got a cappuccino, and I'm no expert, but damn if it wasn't a fantastic cappuccino. The owner walked me through his philosophy behind the place - great sandwiches, homemade ice cream, and then great coffee because why not - and I was sold. Can't wait to come back for ice cream and/or sandiches. Especially the sandwiches - lobster poboy, things involving lamb belly, wild boar, etc.
Not so sure about the negative reviews. They are the exact opposite of my experience, but I will update when I've had the chance to try the other stuff.Wow.  This place is a gem.  Highly recommended for a snack.    Great atmosphere and vibes!Such a cool place, great people. The single origin niccaruguan coffee with a dollop of their Irish coffee ice cream made my day. Food was excellent.Amazing food! And the fresh juice is to die for! Highly recommend the greek wrap. Located on magazine shreet with the coolest exterior of a funky rug in front.
Staff are lovely and very helpfulMy wife and I stopped in New Orleans on a road trip on our way to North Carolina. We spent 2 days there and ended up eating a meal here both days. Best Lobster Po Boys we've ever had. The second day I had the wild boar sloppy joe, it was also excellent. (But you really gotta try that lobster po boy first!) This is our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The guy working was helpful and recommended a beer to go with our food. (Really good pairing too!)This place is named appropriately. The breakfast food is really freakin good. Quality coffee, awesome service, and their sipping chocolate is not for the amateur chocolatier! You need to go here. Now.Finally got my opportunity to eat here.    Great Experience.   Lobster poboy was fabulous, and the Lamb belly gyro?   Genius.    Sampled the wonderful gelato behind the counter too.   these guys do french fries fresh, and have malt vinegar as well .    
Had great conversation with the owner and his cousin.   I highly recommend this place.  I will be back to try some of the breakfast options.
by the way, fresh squeezed juices.    A must.Great place for ice cream, smoothies, juices, sandwiches and coffee! A place where everyone is happy. Very mice interior with lots of personality. Ice cream is homemade and definitely tastes like it! Interesting flavor selection that was all good! Definitely will return!Loved this place!  Everyone loved their food and I adored my lush juice.  Music, ambiance, and staff all give a great vibe.  Wish this was in Nashville so I could visit more often.Absolutely love this place! Twice I've had breakfast sandwiches, they come with fresh potato thick cut fries. I've also had ice cream a couple times, they let you sample. Everything is high quality at reasonable prices, and the entire staff is very friendly. Very clean establishment. Also great music. Go here!The hidden gem in NOLA. Great food, all made here. The ice cream is something special and should be experienced!I tried this place this morning. The Lush Juice and the Bac N Egg N Ched was awesome!!! Customer service was on point. The establishment was clean and sleek. I will definitely visit again. Air condition was a nice bonus, lol.Delicious!  We ordered the Lobster po' boy to split and it was delicious!  The best po' boy we have had in the 2 weeks we were here and I sure did try a lot of different places!  The owner Dan was really nice and friendly, offering recommendations of other things to do and try next time we come back since unfortunately we found this hidden gem on our last day in town.Met Daniel the owner.  So nice.  He and his cousin made all of the food, the ice cream, everything in the shop by hand.  It's so good!
And what an inviting space.  Daniel interacted with us and invited us to stay and hang out, to cool down from the crazy humidity outside.  I'd totally become a regular at this place if I lived here!Such a cute place with really kinda creative flavors. 
Really wanted a banana split, but they were out of bananas! So...
Olive oily pistachio - I expected this to be creamy. It wasn't. It was actually kinda powdery/icy. They do add a lot of pistachios, don't know if that was a plus or not. 
Some pink sorbet (sorry, the name is escaping me) - it was good. Not great. 
Chocolate peanut butter bomb - okay. This sure was a bomb. Bc I got an entire scoop of hardened peanut butter. They must not mix their ice cream very well. The flavor reminded me exactly of Häagen Dazs' ice cream flavor called chocolate peanut butter. Hm...
I will still come back to try their breakfast and other things!Ordered a burger from here off of a delivery app. Hand cut fries were decent, needed some salt. Burger itself consisted of bland patties, cheese, onion, pickles and one (maybe two?) sauce. The bun was decent, the burger was large but it just wasn't great. I kept trying to take another bite in hopes of the burger getting better, but it wasn't. The onion was in a pile in the middle with the sauce, not put together very well. Maybe it needed something more? 
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing off the menu, I'm not sure, the lobster po boy looked really good as well as the ice cream selections. I would probably try this place a second time.This is def a hidden gem on LGD.  Their philly and ice cream is awesome!
They also have hand cut fries coffee and breakfast.I was rooting for this place. We really wanted it here, and we were so excited about the "guess our name" posters (although I was grossly disappointed when the name was revealed), and eagerly anticipated the opening.
We started by trying the ice cream the first time. It was ok, but as a pastry chef I found that the ice cream flavor options were so creative that it made me really want to like this place!! I stopped by two or three weeks ago and got an ice cream cone that was stale. I ended up breaking off the cone around my ice cream and throwing it away. And I couldn't really taste much flavor in the ice cream I ordered (it was some sort of spicy vanilla that wasn't exactly spicy and I couldn't taste the vanilla). My date's ice cream was rather devoid of flavor, too.
I've had coffee here twice now, and today was the last straw. The first time I came in for coffee I also ordered a breakfast sandwich which was a huge disappointment. Not that it tasted bad (it was ok) but it looked like it was slapped together in a rush, which it was not done in a rush because I was the only customer there and I still waited FOREVER. Also the coffee was not good, but I gave it another shot today... that was a mistake.
Today I ordered an iced coffee with almond milk. Now in my time as a pastry chef I have also had some training on espresso machines and I at least know that you do not steam milk to pour on top of ice for an iced coffee. Furthermore this dude only filled the cup about 2/3 of the way with a mixture that consisted of a hot espresso shot on top of ice and steamed milk poured on top. Which of course melted my ice. And for the record, he did not give me almond milk. I have a lactose sensitivity (don't worry, I took pills for my prior ice cream tastings) which is why I ordered almond milk. However, I hate the taste of almond milk once it is steamed because it develops a flavor that to me basically tastes like a wooden popsicle stick, and even though he steamed my milk it did not have that wooden flavor that I always detect in steamed almond milk (also I checked my receipt after that and realized that he didn't charge me for almond milk either). It's a good thing that I only took two sips of the melted ice and steamed milk concoction before I threw it away, otherwise I could have gotten really sick.
Also, why is everyone who works there so miserable? There's a guy there who I thought was maybe a manager and he's always scowling and has headphones in, even when he's begrudgingly assisting customers. When we went to get ice cream a few weeks ago, the one guy behind the counter was friendly but didn't know the answers to some of our questions so he asked this angry guy to help us out and he barely answered our questions and kept his earbuds in the whole time. Furthermore the guy today was someone I had not encountered before and he was tolerable but when he rang me up for coffee this morning he didn't even bother telling me the total of my transaction, he just held his hand out for my payment. As I was discussing this with my boyfriend this morning (ok, more like I was ranting about it) he mentioned that it didn't seem as if anyone who works there takes pride in their business, and I agree. I understand the growing pains of opening a new restaurant, but what I've witnessed seems more like a death rattle to me.
(I do want to mention that I greatly appreciate the Halloween decorations here. Holiday decorating is something I'm really into, and I like the fact that FBP went all out and decorated. I just wish they would start putting that kind of effort into their service and their flavors because as I mentioned at the beginning, I REALLY wanted this place here in the neighborhood.)So excited to have an ice cream spot in the neighborhood. Too bad the place won't last through the summer. Mostly design & conceptual errors that are dooming this spot, because we never encountered the attitude issues that so many reviewers mentioned. And the ice cream is quite yummy.
Most people don't know is place is even here...all you see from the street ( driving by-- this is not a high-foot-traffic area) are some colored lights, no sign ...although with that name , I probably wouldn't want to stop in anyway. Yes there are colorful sidewalk rugs...whatever. 
Walk in, and there are tons of empty shelves on one side, sadly empty shelves.  Have not tried the food, but the times I've been in there, the griddle doesn't look very clean, so I'm not inclined to do so. I wouldn't buy coffee there...I like a coffee shop to smell like...coffee! THere's nothing on the shelves except some lonely bottles of green soda, oddly varied Italian condiments, some boxes of supplies and an overpriced ice cream scoop. Really, really sad and empty...no love .
There's nothing tempting, welcoming or inviting about this place visually. It's a shame, really, because it could work with just a few adjustments. Perhaps if they hired a passionate young chef to whip this place back to life, it might yet live.
In the end, a place that wants to be a wine store, a coffee shop, a sandwich spot, a juice bar and an ice cream place just ends up being an empty white box.Great people work here. Crazy variety of food - we had ice cream and coffee and a fried lobster po boy which was definitely the best po boy I've had in nola. Love the placeI've been here twice already. I am a big fan of their ice cream flavors (buttermilk salted lime for the win!). The chef is very nice and the daily special I had was very tasty: wild boar sloppy joe with hand-cut French fries!I'm so thrilled to have this place in the neighborhood. Coffee is great and the Zulu ice cream is my new favorite thing!Great location in lower garden district offering
-Home made Ice cream (truly amazing, I had the the 3 scoop shake...so so good)
- My wife ordered the Special of the day...sloppy joe sandwich), excellent.
- I ordered the pantry cheeseburger, it did not live up to expectations. The bun, the fries, the veggies were good However the beef double stack tasted like out of a frozen pack and had an unusual taste.  The burger was not good!
From all the reviews I read, it seems all other food is great except the Burger...some-work needed there!Delicious food, clean enviroment. Nice people! I recommend you come here for a nice snack or beer. Had the breakfast burrito, it was delicious. A juice is a must, especially for a hangover.Didn't order any food here, just their drink. It was homemade and refreshing on a warm day. The people there were really nice and friendly as we were out of town tourists, they definitely took their time to chat and suggest where to explore.Extremely friendly staff and amazing food! Philly cheesesteak and fried lobster po boy were fantastic. Also the home made ice cream was delicious.Checked this spot out today and loved it. They only opened a few days ago, but their set up is great and the staff was super friendly. Got a smoothie and it was good, but definitely want to go back and try out the rest of the menu.Delicious food, beautiful handmade wooden log stools, and a friendly krewe behind the counter! Great brunch sceneI live about 2 blocks away on Magazine and always pass by this place but never had a chance to stop in. I regret not going sooner! The entire place itself is as aesthetically pleasing as it gets, and food satisfied every ounce of gustatory need. Dan, the owner, was extremely friendly and gave a little back story on the place. Fat Boy Pantry is definitely my new favorite everything spot. 
Ask for ice cream samples and grab some juice to wash down one of their Chicago Style twists on a New Orleans PoBoy!Excellent homemade ice cream and shakes. Will be back many times! It is a clean, friendly place designed to encourage people to chat with other diners. Easy walk from the WW II museum.New spot they opened on magazine street. Liked the ambiance of the place. They have 10 or so different flavors of ice cream. I sampled a few of the yummy flavors before making my mind up. I ended up getting the strawberry ice cream which was really good! Most of all it wasn't too expensive, will be back!This place is amazing. I live nearby and go here at least once a week.
The ice cream is great and they have a ton of flavors, but the best part is the cheese steak, by far the best in the city. I've also had their lobster po-boy and their burger, both are unbelievable.Ok, wanted to stop withe family because the decor looked cool and it was a little off the radar in the LGD. Wife had lobster poboy. It was good. Boy 2 had the meatball Parmesan which was very good. Boy 1 had the cheeseburger and didn't have the aioli on it. Ok thought, but I have to say this may have been the best burger I have had in town. I may even utter some very sacrilegious words, better than company burger. Cheese was steamed in and this burger was just killer. Nice folks working behind the counter as well.It's kind of a deli/ice cream place, and I went for the latter. I was a bit baffled to discover that they only had two flavors for sale; they claimed more were coming on Monday, but I would think that summer weekends would have been their prime time and I expected more. Besides ice cream, their menu didn't hold much intrigue for me.
But the blueberry ice cream they did have was legit. I was happy to have gotten it in shake form; the only drawback being the blueberry skins kept getting stuck in the straw. There were plenty of berries in it, is what that shows. I wasn't inspired to forgo any of my usual dessert haunts, but I can imagine that when their freezer is full, there is some good stuff in it.I would have given Fat Boy Pantry a 5 star rating because the food was excellent and the service was up to par but I do have two critics.  (1) Don't get me wrong the lobster po'boy was exceptional BUT I do believe the lobster can be fried a little longer to give it a crisper texture.  (2) I got the ice cream sandwich.  I like ice cream sandwiches where the ice cream is dripping from all sides this was not the case.  I had little ice cream on BREAD (not sweet bread but the same bread they put on their breakfast sandwiches).  I know this because it is the same bread my niece had with her sandwich.  If I could make a suggestion, I would have wafer cookies or some type of cookie for the ice cream sandwich and for the love of ice cream add MORE.  ThanksYum! Great delivery experience. Fried Lobster Po Boy- delicious! My roommate had the breakfast pita and loved it. The king cake ice cream sandwich for dessert was perfect. Food arrived hot and ten minutes early!Lobster roll was amazing smaller than the picture skinny bread roll but it filled me up I had some for later this is a must tryI came in with a group for ICE CREAM! :)
They had some really unique flavors and they let you taste them with a silver spoon! I really enjoyed the Pine nuts and honey ice cream so I went  with that flavor to go! It's a cute shop that is easy to get to via walking the streets. We were walking from Magazine street back to the quarter area when we spotted it on the side of the road. 
I would def come back again to see what original flavors they have next time!We just happened to run into this place on our trip to New Orleans. At first we had tried a more "popular" breakfast spot just down the road. The wait was too long so we walked away. Walking down the street we peered in and saw the 2 owners who invited us in to give it a try. Sooooo glad we did. They have a cool selection of unique breakfast and lunch foods. Fresh blended juices to wash it down with, or their unique coffee drinks, or even a beer. Then to top it all off you can have some delicious home-made ice cream. 
I had the Benedict Eggwich, on multiple visits. An affogato, ice cream with a shot of espresso, was the perfect compliment. We loved this place and came back multiple times in our trip to New Orleans. Great food, friendly, cool environment. If you're in New Orleans, skip the long lines and come to this hidden gem.I ended up here, starving and hangry, after a nearby brunch place had an hour wait. The man behind the counter recommended a burger and beer and who can turn that down?? The food was served fresh and fast (which at the time was an actual dream). I would totally go back anytime... although the man who worked there did hit on my friend and me as we were leaving which was a little odd but maybe it was southern hospitality?You will never forget the name and you will never forget the moment you first bit into the fried lobster sandwich .These fine folks have singlehandedly revolutionized the Nola style sandwich shop experience overnight . Off the chart freshly prepared breakfast and lunch , and I mean tasty . They serve gourmet coffee and homemade Italian ice cream and cones . That's not all folks , specialty smoothies that range from healthy to indulgent .Fat Boy is a breath of fresh air in the humid sandwich shop climate of Nola . You won't for-geta-bout-it ;). MarkThe fried lobster poboy was really good. It's the only thing I've ordered here. When I go to order something else I think how good the lobster poboy was and order it again so my review is kind of limited.If I lived in New Orleans I would come here all the time. As it was, we came here twice over our 3 day trip. The breakfast sandwiches were tasty, the guys who work here were great, and the coffee was good too. I had the bac n egg n ched the first day which was made with thick slab bacon and was really satisfying. The next time I had the benedict eggwhich... so good, I would come back again and again for this. They gave us samples of ice cream both times we came- the mint ice cream I had was made with fresh mint leaves and was light and delicious. Had the eye opener coffee, made with chicory and condensed milk- also awesome. Also loved that this was away from the crowded tourist trap areas of New Orleans. Definitely worth checking out!Been there a few times. Love the drinks and customer service is always good. Five stars in my book.Beautiful shop.  Got the Breakfast Pita.  Absolutely delicious, big portion.  If grease turns you off, maybe not your thing.  But I ate mine with a fork and loved every bite.Walked in here on a whim while strolling through New Orleans and was so glad I did. My husband and I tried their ice cream. At the time they had a candy corn flavor. I don't like candy corn at all but the ice cream blew me away. A cute gem of a place!Stopped in on the way back to our hotel at The Green House Inn and grabbed some ice cream. I tried the brownie toffee ice cream and it was delicious! But I was in the mood for something a little more lighter so I went with the milk and cream flavor. It was awesome! It wasn't vanilla, it was more like a like milky dessert. I loved it!Got the philly with cheese wizz.   Was really good.   Comes with fries for $10.    Building is really cool and super clean.   They also have a nice coffee and ice cream selection.    For your drink they have a cooler stocked with all kinds of different sodas from all over the place.   Def worth checking it out.Had the UzInPhilly sandwich with fries. Knockout! The peppers and the cheesewiz and rib eye were on point! Go to courtyard brewery for a beer than roll over to fat boys for a weckThis place has delicious food!  The lobster sandwich was incredibly flavorful. The Greek pita and the breakfast pitas were excellent.  Also make sure you have their home made ice cream because it's over the top amazing and  the best ice cream we've ever had.Really good lobster poboy. Juices are good too. Love key place...didn't try the ice cream or floats but alot of people were in line for them.We ordered food for delivery. Although the food was over-priced, it was DELICIOUS! They completely missed one of our meals for the delivery so I had to call - but it was back at our door step very promptly and steaming hot! I would recommend this place for the yummy food - but again, it was a bit overpriced in my opinion.Breakfast sandwich Benedict eggwich filling, love the handcut fries. They need more kitchen help as their business grows.Delicious all the way around! I had the lamb and egg pita and was blown away by it. Delicious fresh iced tea. Cool and eclectic. Great place for locals and visitors. Will recommend this place to all!!Most delicious food hands down. The lobster poboy is to die for with huge chunks of meat. Service was
 excellent  and pressed juice was amazing.Delicious!!!
My friend, hubby and I were told by one of the locals to check this place out!
AMAZING. The guys all warmly welcomed us in, kindly insisting to sample all of their scratch-made ice creams - all scrumptious!
The Fried Lobster Poboy was the best I poboy that I had during my short stay.
Thank you, Fat Boy Pantry!!!The fried lobster poboy was delicious... a must try! Sampled the lemon cookie ice cream ... would have bought some but had to catch an uber.Oink..ate my first meal in NO at Fat Boy.  Lobster poboy with fries and a local beer. It was near my AirBnb but also an easy walk if you're in the convention center area.    Big chunks of fried lobster on a  toasty roll put me right into a pleasant carb coma. 
 I was the only customer so the guy working took the time to tell me all about the food and let me sample all the ice cream flavors.  Had to stumble back and nap afterwards...but with a smile on my face.Ok, I'm legit in love with so much about this place. Our first visit was around 8:30pm on a Sunday. So thrilled it's open till 10! We walked in and the man working must be either the person behind the recipes or an owner. He was enthusiastically offering us samples and talking with us about all of them. I'm sure we tried almost every single flavor and it made it difficult to chose, except I fell madly in love with the basil ice cream. I mean, it's like a sweet pesto. Most of their flavors I feel have a lower sugar content than most hand made ice cream places. I really appreciate not having it be sickeningly sweet! We opted for two scoops and made it a sundae! The watermelon sorbet went well with the basil and I was shocked at how it was complimented with caramel sauce! I literally came from the airport a week later just for basil ice cream. After investigating the food menu, I was floored by the lobster PoBoys and had to experience it. It was heaven. Cooked perfectly, just the right amount of remoulade, undressed. I would have loved extra butter to dip but the bread and lobster was soaked with drawn butter and a lemon was provided. It's my favorite thing now. They won't get rid of me! This place is the bomb! Oh, and they have an incredible bottles soda collection. I had never seen dark cream soda. It's delicious and rich.The coffee was great and the homemade ice cream was amazing. The owner was friendly and gave us many local tips. Can't wait to try their breakfast tomorrow!We were looking for some great sandwiches when we first arrived and Fat Boy fit the bill. The sandwiches are a nice size for the money and they come with an ample amount of hand cut fries. Yum!  I had the lobster po boy that the cashier recommended. It was delish. I would definitely return.Visiting from out of town and got stuck in a downpour. Stopped in for a quick lunch, and couldn't have been happier! We had the meatball sandwich and the "U'z in Philly." Both were delicious and came with the most scrumptious fries. On a whim we decided to try a scoop of the "lemon cookie" ice cream (it was still raining). Probably the best lemon ice cream I've ever had, so we shared a second scoop. Check this place out if you find yourself in the South Garden District -- whether it's raining or not!Excellent Lobster Poboy! Great beer selection, as well as, ice cream and coffee options.Love this little place down the street from my girlfriend's apartment. You can't miss it if you're looking out for the eccentric pickup truck parked out front with the place's name painted on it. We've been there a few times, but most recently to get breakfast before heading out to the Saints-Panthers playoff game. We got some caffeinated concoction that was a mix of cold brew, a shot of espresso, and sweetened with condensed milk. It was delicious. I went with the bacon/egg/cheddar sandwich, which comes with "smashbrowns."  The smashbrowns are sliced potatoes that are fried, but a little thicker than chips. The chef told us after we ate that they are perfect for actually adding onto the sandwich, a good tip that I'll need to try next time. The sandwich came with thick, slab cut bacon. It comes on a regular hamburger bun, wish they had other options, such as a crossaint. The stuff they sell is pretty greasy, but I think it's totally part of the experience of eating at Fat Boy Pantry: sitting down at the bench seating with grease slowly working it's way down to your elbows. They also have about a dozen flavors of ice cream, all unique that I haven't seen anywhere else. The most impressive thing to me is how the owner/manager is so friendly. He likes to have small talk with all the customers. He talked with us a few minutes about where we were heading after and about the game. Great little place on Magazine St.I'm not sure why it took me so long to discover this gem on Magazine Street, but I am glad I did. The Fried Lobster PoBoy is legendary and will change your life for the better.OMG! The BEST breakfast in New Orleans! Amazing Bac N Egg N Ched sandwich with delicious potatoes and an expertly made latte. Danny, the owner has put together a great neighborhood spot with delicious, wholly satisfying food. Try it!Two words: lobster poboy. It's on the pricier side, but worth it. My favorite outside of that is the breakfast pita with lamb and harissa. Paired with the smashbrowns, you'll be instantly full.Lobster Poboys are Amazing! The place is really cool looking with great seating options for dining in but I get it to go every time. Service is always super fast!We got the lobster po'boy and it was to die for!  Super chill vibe.  The wait was a little long but definitely worth it!  The po'boy comes with fries and were amazing as well!Ever since tasting the pantry cheeseburger, with a pressed patty for an evenly cooked and perfect meat to cheese ratio, I've been smitten. I was originally going to get a turkey sandwich from French truck coffee, but all they had was the caprese sandwich. I'm not a rabbit and I  needed some old fashioned American meats to fix my midday cravings. When I first walked in I was merely humoring the cheeseburger, while the U'z in Philly cheesesteak sandwich and the wild boar sloppy joe were truly peaking my interests. Then I read the description in the menu underneath each item. There's a sinisterly delicious black garlic aioli applied to the pantry cheeseburger. My recent Hulu binge of Bob's Burgers left me craving to try the animated characters "Bet it all on black garlic" burger. That's a lie, I've been trying to find black garlic to make this cosmically scarce aioli for years since the season 5 episode aired in 2014. I saw the opportunity in front of me and leapt at it. This was the hands down best cheeseburger I've had in this city. There's nothing fancy about it, just meat, cheese, a greasy bun, and pickles on the side. But that black garlic aioli puts it in a stratosphere all it's own. Since returning I've gotten the Philly and again the meat and cheese portions are perfect. But if you have that all-American craving for a delicious milkshake with the perfect cheeseburger, then you need to come to fat boy.You don't need to have an expensive breakfast in New Orleans this place is affordable and delicious. Outstanding breakfast sandwiches and very friendly staff. Will go back again.Fat Boy Pantry is okay. The ice cream flavors are constantly changing. If you get the chance to try the plantain pudding, try it!
I have tried a couple sandwiches and they were okay. I haven't came back for food items, but stopped in for ice cream a few times.
My biggest gripe with Fat Boy Pantry is that their ice cream case isn't always stocked. Some days you come in and there's plenty of flavors to choose from, then other days the options are limited to maybe 4.Okay, this place is a gem. This freaking lobster poboy was so much more than I had imagined. Get it. I know you're on a diet, but just get it. Also they have a super fancy espresso machine and you can taste the quality in the drink. I ordered a cappuccino and it was so smooth and enjoyable. I will be back.How do you say "yummy"?
Coffee, fresh squeezed juice, fresh egg sandwich on a soft toasty roll, with a side of perfectly crisp potato slices.
Yep, it was that good!Excellent, delicious, fun sandwiches and natural-cut fries. Staff was fun and inviting. Space was clean, comfortable, and well-decorated. Can't say enough!We arrived on the Sunday before MDW with a group of 7. It's a small place with a lot of great energy. The hosts were gracious and the food was delicious. So happy we stumbled upon this gem!Awesome coffee and cute atmosphere! I didn't have any food but I'm sure it would be tasty.It was a great stop on a hot day after a long walk! I had the caramel ice cream and it was delightful. The employees were super friendly and I loved the store front.Came here just for the ice cream and it was delicious. I tried the casatta flavor and it did not disappoint. I'll definitely be back to try the breakfast sandwiches.Was looking for a sweet something to eat & Fat Boy Pantry came up on my Yelp! I decided to go & it was the cutest little cafe that is modeled to look like a pantry - down to hot sauces & other condiments stowed on shelves for customers to buy. I tasted the milk & cream flavored ice cream and the chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream - both were delicious. The owner was kind & gave great suggestions (he ended up combining both flavors to make a milkshake for me!). I got the fried lobster poboy with fries to go - when I got home it was slightly soggy but still very good. In the future, I would suggest to eat it there! Overall, a really cute place to grab a bite to eat!Cool place, good food! Will definitely be back when I'm in the area! Great spot to stop at when taking a walk looking for a place to get food, coffee, dessert...very cool!Great service
The fried lobsters po boy was awesome 
Comes with fries that are hand cut 
This is a hit 
Quiet little spot 
This place serves coffee, beverages,
Ice cream
They juice and also serve breakfast 
Open from 8-8
This place has a bathroomThis is the best burger I've ever had. Absolutely amazing. The philly is great too! I'm so glad we came here. Definitely going back again!!This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I stopped by for lunch today because we didn't want to wait at the other restaurant we were trying to go to. We were so glad we ended up at Fat Boy Pantry! We had the lobster po boy and the Greek sandwich and both were fantastic in terms of flavor. The Greek sandwich was the best sandwich we've had a long time. The meat was a little fatty (yum!) and really well prepared. Even though the fries were thicker than your typical fries, they maintained a degree of crispiness, so they were still pretty good. 
It only took about 10 minutes for both sandwiches to be ready. The sandwiches came out wrapped along with the fries. Very friendly service. Also, the seats were pretty cool because they were tree trunks! 
Taste | 5
Atmosphere | 4
Presentation | 3
Service | 4
OVERALL | 4.5One of our favorite neighborhood spots. Great and cheap breakfast and lunch sandwiches. Cool and clean atmosphere.Went here, hoping for a shrimp or fish po boy. Unfortunately they only make lobster po boys and I'm not a fan of lobster. So I got the caprese sandwich with smash browns and my bf got the lamb gyro and celery and carrots. We also got some bottled soda. 
I was a bit disappointed at the lack of variety on the menu, but am happy to report that the food was really good! We enjoyed it a lot. I also really liked the log stools- I wish all stools were so large and comfortable! Lol
If you're passing by and you like meat, I would recommend!!I will be the first to admit I need more visits to write a more accurate review. I'm crafting this based on just a couple samples of their ice cream. To be sure, they have other things on the menu. But what I think is missing from a good portion of New Orleans is an adequate supply of good ice cream. And I'd like say--
THANK YOU FAT BOY FOR BRINGING SOME EXCELLENT ICE CREAM TO THE LGD!!
Whew, it's good to get that off my chest. The cool thing is you can get ice cream there at 8 in the morning. Rock your world with a scoop and a coffee. French Truck is a block away if you're a coffee snob. But why bother with coffee when there is ice cream. Of have Fat Boys coffee.  
   There are breakfast items they can make and other food entrees as well. All fine. 
    But in the end I think they win because of their, wait for it..., yes -- ice cream. 
Oh, and the owner is a good guy. That goes without saying. Looks like I said it anyway.What a quirky and cute place! With this being October they had a spooky Michael Myers standing right by the door when you walk in which caught me off guard but just matched the quirkiness of this little joint. I ordered a Liver 911 fresh juice and it was delicious and nicely presented. This was the perfect spot to just stop in for a quick beverage.On trips we have walked past this gem many times. We stopped in for breakfast and were not disappointed. The Garden District is riddled with so many upscale spots now, this was a gem in the midst of some pretentious options. $6 egg Benedict sandwich with some fried tater slices- fantastic. My husband got the breakfast pita wrap and his was great. Really nice folks, great set up, reasonable prices on everything. The owner gave us a sample of this pumpkin hot chocolate drink they had special today and WOW- one of the best things I have had to drink. Cannot say enough about the breakfast there, one of the best no frills breakfasts I have had in the city.I ordered the meatball parm which is served on a sesame seed bun with hand cut fries. The bag with my order seemed to weigh about 6 pounds which makes me happy lol. The sandwich comes with 4 meatballs, well seasoned, a little too salty for my taste but then again I never add salt to my food so I may be sensitive. The sandwich was a solid four star!!! I deduct a star for ambiance, and seating accommodations but i would definitely go back for more great sandwiches.Staff are great, cheese fries are amazing, and they have the best coffee. They are also great at giving back to their community and always go above and beyond for my students with special needs.I'd give this place 6 stars if I could...sandwiches are insanely good, shakes and fries great too.  Go for the lobster, you won't regret it.  The guys that work there are super nice too.  All around great place.  Will be back for sureEvery single aspect was phenomenal! I had the lobster poboy which is the best I've ever had! And I also had the butter cookie milkshake which was the cherry on top of my experience! They greeted me with a smile and made sure every part of my meal was superb. I had two different espresso shots at the end and they were the highest quality, most delicious shots of espresso. Highly recommend 10/10Awesome experience. We were greeted the moment we walked in. Decor is cool. They have super unique ice cream favors; they allowed us to sample as many as we liked. Everything we tried, we really enjoyed. We will definitely be back.I had the lobster po'boy for lunch. Incredible. Clean and fast. The fries were legit too.Food: 4 stars; Orlando one-man team: 5 × infinity stars!
Food was relatively quick even though there was only one person working. A+ to Orlando! Sampled a few ice creams, all were delicious!
Suggestions: 
The Greek: raw onions were a little strong, possibly use red onions or saute the onions more. 
The Lobster Poboy: more buttery flavor, maybe need some kind of veggies? Possibly change the bread to texas toast or potato bun! Or toast bread with clarrified butter? 
The last time I was here, I had the meatball parm sandwich which was amazing~ Definitely will be back since its only a few blocks from my office.I LOVE THIS PLACE! I don't know what's better, the great ice cream, the yummy french fries, or the owner Hillary's cute camo pants. My favorite ice cream is the birthday cake with a sprinkle cone! The place was sparkling clean with pretty copper floors and huge trees as seats. I could eat here everyday. 
FAT BOY FOR LIFEStopped in for ice cream while walking around the lower garden district. We didn't try the food (which looks good) but the house-made ice creams were really impressive. They have some quirky (but awesome) flavor combinations. I tried a bunch but settled on a goat-cheese caramel cashew ice cream. The 3 other flavor I tried were equally awesome.Interesting place with a wide assortment of food items that seems to make it part restaurant, part coffee shop, part ice cream store and part grocery with a juice bar thrown in for good measure.  So with all that I was utterly confused they don't offer iced tea but they do have regular and sparkling water on tap.  The owner (that several reviews have complained about the service from) was working the front when I was there and she isn't the friendliest person I've ever met but she did fine taking my order as she was also very busy making food items so I think that is just her quirky personality which is fine with me but might be off putting to folks that need service with the big fake smile that aren't used to quirky personalities.  Seems like she is doing a lot of the work in this joint herself so she might just be exhausted too as running a business is a lot of work. 
So I got the meatball parm sandwich and found that I wanted more flavor out of it with more herbs and more red gravy but overall it was an alright sandwich.  The fries that came with the sandwich were decent sized and quite a filling portion.  I finished my meal with oatmeal apple walnut ice cream although I couldn't taste any of those ingredients as the ice cream seemed to have too much ice content and seemed to need either more fat content or more churning or maybe both.
I think this place has potential and they have the ability to be good at some things but they probably need to focus more as they are a small space doing a whole wide range of things which makes it hard to focus on doing everything right all the time.  More work and possibly more training in the art of ice cream might be a good idea as there are some very creative flavors here that just need some tweaking.   
I'd like to give them three stars just for being unique and creative but honestly there are better meatball poboys and better ice cream widely available in NOLA right now so I can't so I will just hope they will find their groove to earn extra stars on my next visit.We come to NOLA about four times a year and stay at the Green House a block away. Always yearned for a good spot for a good meal in the area and now I have to say we have found one. 
First off, I read all the reviews about how bitchy the owner was and that there were nuts in the water and somehow the stars didn't shine here and no one spoke English, etc., etc., etc.! Well we said hey, we want to check this place out and boy are we glad we did! I ordered the Fried Lobster Roll and oh my god.... I think I had an orgasm in my mouth! Oops can I say orgasm? Anyway, the wife, who is on some sort of vegan life experience diet  BS thing had a fresh squeezed juice with some sort of vegetable matter and couldn't stop raving about it! I'm like, gee woman can't you see I'm orgasming with this fried lobster thingy over here? Anyway, we were thoroughly impressed, everybody, including Hillary, were very nice, chatty and friendly and we will be back again and again. If you can't get a smile here maybe it's you! Jus sayin'The green sweetie was great. Just what I expected in a juice. The food is average. In all fairness, it seem like they were extremely understaffed, and the one Cook was completely backed up. Still for New Orleans, there was a lack of ingredients in my Po boy! I even ordered extra avocado to pad up the sandwich, and still it was light on filling. I could say more but I'll leave it there, and perhaps give them another try some other time.I discovered this spot via Yelp when visiting NOLA and staying with a friend in the neighborhood. I intended to pick up something quick to go but am glad I stayed to dine in. 
The food menu is small but diverse and interesting (like a breakfast pita with lamb belly, a fried lobster poboy and a double cheeseburger served with an egg and black garlic mustard). I am still giving them a 5 because the following critique is more a heads up than a judgment: those with special dietary needs will find limited options. 
As a vegetarian my option was the Caprese breakfast sandwich with smash browns (potatoes thinly sliced lengthwise, not hash browns you might expect when ordering) . My lunch was definitely made to order, grilled perfectly and delicious. The customer next to me had a U'z in Philly with ribeye, served with a mound of hand cut fries. A variety of bottled hot sauces were on the table; I personally liked the harissa on my potatoes.
I was told by a customer that the coffee drinks were good but I opted for a juice with lunch. Although a little pricey as an everyday choice, the serving was sizable and I could tell that it was freshly made. The Fat B Gone with citrus fruits, ginger and habanero was tart (but not so spicy despite the pepper) and taste leaned toward the grapefruit juice. I loved that it tasted like its ingredients without the need for a lot of added sweeteners. 
The community table was even a nice touch. I thought about grabbing a seat at an end alone, but decided I was missing the point of a community table and ended up having a great conversation with another solo diner. That said, it's great for dining alone or as a small group but seating is limited beyond that. 
I don't typically get dessert but they were generous with the ice cream samples... and the flavors were so unique. While a few seemed more traditional I preferred sampling the basil, the roasted fennel and the buttermilk. Another had bits of Meyer lemon, and the grapefruit sorbet was as tart and refreshing as the juice. Even if you think it sounds weird, you must try the basil ice cream! I think it's my new favorite and got a scoop to go for the road. 
Overall, I was more than satisfied by the entire experience, and despite some other reviews those working when I was there were super helpful and friendly. I would certainly done there again when in town!Danny and his staff are kind and welcoming, and make phenomenal sandwiches! The fried lobster po'boy is out of this world, as is the Philly cheese steak. Fries are delicious, and the ice cream is very very good. Simple and delicious -- I highly recommend checking out this local spot!Awesome chill atmosphere with great eats. The meatball parm was great. Could use more seating but the community style table is a neat way to meet people too.Wow! What a place. The ice cream is made in house! Try the cookies and cream and the basil. I know, basil, sounds weird right? It's not! It's great!!!!! The staff is so friendly and I cannot wait to come back. Also.... if you need a pick me up! The espresso is delish.Abundance of food and funky flavors that go together well. 
Wish they had some healthy choices but it is called Fat Boy.
Everything we had was great. Parking is hit or miss. Crowded and seating is limited during mealtime. And don't forget to save room for their fun ice cream flavors carefully curated by the owner.Had the wild pig sandwich w fries- very good.  The best thing was the HARISSA! They had some off the shelf that was just awesome with the fries.Warning - Peanut oil is used here, but not noted anywhere in the facility. Food looked delicious, but had to leave due to peanut allergies. We did see that breakfast food is served on hamburger buns as opposed to biscuits.This place is great. We had the fried lobster roll. It was one of the best I have tried.  It had great flavor and great bread. They also have great ice cream and hot chocolate. Everyone working there was super friendly.This new place on Magazine is great!  Owners and staff are super nice and helpful. Espresso was great. Cold brew as well. Had a breakfast sandwich  that was wonderful. You can tell they're using fresh, high quality ingredients. Had to try some of the ice cream as well and it was fabulous! Go there now!Delicious food, drinks and ice cream. They also have old fashioned soda in the bottle. Great customer serviceThere was absolutely nothing good about this place the employees were absolutely horrible rude no manners nasty attitudes I work in a hotel near this place and I will be tell my guest to steer very clear of this place when they ask for recommendations....not only was staff rude the food isnt very good its tasteless and bland!
STAY AWAY!!!!!Fat boy has amazing sandwiches and phenomenal ice cream.  Had the Greek and it was delicious. Everyone enjoyed the homemade ice cream which are in new, exciting flavors like carrot cake,  lemon cookie and cajun cracker Jack.I always order the philly steak po-boy and a scoop of ice cream and I'm NEVER disappointedOn a rainy Saturday we stopped in here because we were starving. I knew there wasn't too much on the menu for me (non-meat eater) but my friends eat all the meaty things so no big.
I had the caprese panini and my friends has a burger and a philly cheesesteak. They both really enjoyed their sandwiches and mine was fine but a little skimpy on the fillings. The crisps and fries were aces though. DELICOUS. They have coffee and tea and then a cooler of drinks. So there's a good selection for your beverage needs and a water area near the front.
Of course then we got ice cream and we all enjoyed our scoops. I had the hummingbird flavor (no actual birds, more the southern cake) and I can't remember what my friends had. Again delicious.
Staff was great and the space is really fun but with limited seating. I think most folks take their sammiches to go.I have been stalking this restaurant on social media for a few weeks. I finally had the time to take my daughter. We got sandwiches and ice cream. Listen to me when I say this. LOBSTER PO BOY!!! It is aaaaamaaazzzzziiiiiiinnnnnnngggggg!All I can say about Fat Boy Pantry is fantastic. The food was great. I ordered a meatball parmigiana sandwich and it was very very good. Served on a muffuletta roll, the meatballs were covered in sauce and cheese. It was served hot and it was filling.Modest place with great sandwiches. Had the lobster po boy and it's one of the best I've had. Amazing fries. I'd come again. And again.After a mouth-watering plate of Surrey's shrimp and grits, my friend and I were walking down Magazine St and came across some eclectic yet colorful rugs.
We were walking around them when all of a sudden a guy outside the shop informed us we could walk on them. (BTW we soon learned this rugs are meant to be there to capture folks' attention). As we passed by we soon realized it was an ice cream shop and being the true fatties we were we decide to head inside.
The same gentleman walked behind the counter whom we soon learned was the co-owner of the place with his cousin.
On the opposite end of the ice cream is a mini market where you can purchase beer and liquor to go. You're not allowed to drink it inside due their class of liquor license. 
They also serve sandwiches and a few other items but our main focus was their ice cream!
He was awesome enough to let us try multiple flavors including basil, Oreo, and white chocolate mint. The home run for the both of us was their raspberry pop tart and it was the best!
They're super passionate about their place and I'm so glad we decided to walk in.Stayed the weekend across the street, ate here every day. Food was incredible, staff was friendly and helpful.É uma hamburgueria e sorveteria, eu comprei um lanche com hambúrguer duplo, por sorte era duplo hambúrguer, porque o lanche era pequeno, já o de almôndegas vem em um tamanho bacaninha. O lugar não tem nada de mais, os funcionários são educados e tem disposição pra trabalhar, isso é bom. Não gostei que meu cheeseburger veio sem queijo.Best Lobster Poboy ever!!! Going to have to pass by for the fresh squeezed oj for mimosas !!!Yummy! Had the lobster PoBoy! It was delicious! They had spicy Moroccan Harissa sauce. It was so good on the lobster roll and fries! The owner was very welcoming. We got to chat with him during our visit. This place has the best PoBoys and they are WAY less expensive than the French Quarter!Looking for a hidden gem, this IS one!
We were in New Orleans for fun and noticed reviews mentioning Fat Boys being an easy walk from the WW2 museum, about 3 blocks.
 Fat Boys is definitely worth the visit. On the walk there we passed 2 other terrific smelling places but we're so glad we held out for Fat Boys.
 The shop is small, clean and bright. The owners were very friendly  and helpful. Glass front refrigerator cases filled one wall with an amazing variety of soft drinks, beers (from around the country). They even sell hard liquor & champaign.
 One long table provides ample seating and encouraged us to talk and visit with those near us. 
 The counter and grill area is small but offers an amazingly diverse and delicious menu ranging from breakfast sandwiches; several rich, fresh coffee styles; delicious store made ice cream; a creative variety of sandwiches & fresh cut fries. All at very reasonable prices.
 I ordered the wild boar sloppy joe and received an oversized, white, butcher paper roll containing an overflowing sandwich surrounded by hot, fresh cut fries. The meat was oh so tender and the mix of flavors & spices had my tongue tingling in a very good way.
 My companion ordered the lamb gyro which came on a fresh wrap with a generous filling of seasoned lamb, fresh vegetables & a great sauce along with those incredible hand cut, fries.
 Oh yes, we sampled the ice cream. All were creamy & incredibly fresh. Besides classic, simple cream flavors  they severald several unique mixes. I ordering the rum cranberry and we thoroughly enjoyed the unique flavor.
 We're so glad we took the walk up the block from the WW2 museum and look forward to returning to try their breakfast and more of their creative meal options as well.
 Dan, thank you for a great meal accompanied by great hospitality. We can see "Fat Boys" is already a  success.Finally leaving a hype review because they rock! We went here at the beginning of all this and they were still rocking it! Making sure we were safe as customers, they had a menu on a screen outside of the business. There were wipes and sanitizer mostly everywhere in the shop. 
They served their full menu but we were there for breakfast. The Bac n egg n ched sammie is a MUST along with the eye opener! They have ice cream and juices too! Hours are 8 AM to usually 8 PM so you definitely could come for lunch, dinner and dessert!This place is fantastic.
I had the Philly cheesesteak sandwich with fries. Good food, good vibe, fast service. Even paired well with the apple cider suggested by the staff. 
What are you waiting for fat boy? Just go already!Stumbled across this spot on a cross country road trip.  Great vibe and great food. Highly recommend the Philly cheesesteak. Their homemade gelato is on point too. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Was raining today, our last day, in New Orleans so just ordered for delivery.  Had Fried Lobster Poboy and U'Z In Philly sandwiches and was sooo satisfied. Glad our last memory of  New Orleans' food was great.Hidden gem on Magazine slinging some of the best sandwiches and ice cream in town. Not only are the sandwiches and ice cream great they sammies are served with house cut fries that are fried perfectly with little grease. Ive had the cuban and the gyro so far and both were excellent. Im currently making my way down the menu. Dont waste your time on a burger here the other sandwiches are way more exciting. The prices are great as well.I got the cheeseburger-- it was good, but super salty. Fiancé got the gyro, which was lacking in amount of meat served. Came back the next day for some ice cream, which was good but not worth $5.50.Everything here is good. I went yesterday with my cousins and we got everything from a lobster sandwich to a Greek sandwich to a philly. Everything was great. Really good service also. You can also get yaself a beer if you want. Will be back.Tried ordering from the place through GrubHub twice in hopes of trying their fried lobster po-boy. Both times GrubHub had to refund me because the restaurant was closed. I placed my order at 6pm on a Monday, they were supposed to be open until 9pm, but I guess they decided to randomly close up early. They second time I placed at order at 9:30pm and they were supposed to be open until 11pm. Again, guess they just decided to close up early. NEVER AGAIN!OMG I saw the reviews for this and was like, sure, I'll try it. 
GO
TRY
IT!
I had the lobster poboy, which was amazing. And enough for 2 by the way. Then I tried an ice cream sandwich with lemon ice cream. I saw them get a white hamburger bun out and was mortified. Then I tasted it, and it was a version of heaven. 
Staff was super friendly and nice. GO!How did I not know about this place?
Sooo so good. Dog friendly, very kind and laid back staff. Inexpensive, wide variety of ice cream flavors which we didn't try... yet. 
We had the Benedict eggwich and the bac n egg n ched breakfast sandwiches. Zero complaints. 10/10 for an east, delicious (not very healthy) breakfast. 
If you're looking for healthier suds they have fresh squeezed juices as well! 
Great place.Wow that was horrible! The meat tasted funny. I would just keep on walking if you see this place and think you want to stop. Granted I did go there Mardi Gras weekend so it might be different on another weekend.So I am in NOLA on a short vacation on my way to South Carolina. I ordered the eggs Benedict with bacon, avocado, and cheese. The sandwich was delicious! Lots of meat and egg on it. It was nice and hot and could taste how fresh everything was. The atmosphere is perfect. You get the nice small local shop feel with the taste of a top tier restaurant. The owner is very personable. I was in there 3 times in a week. He works nearly 18 hours a day to make sure the customers are served properly during this pandemic. I take my daughter (2 years old)  in there every evening on our walk and he gives her a couple tastes of the day's ice cream flavors. Their Ice cream is delicious by the way. I recommend this to anyone living and visiting New Orleans!This is just a great neighborhood spot, every thing we've had has been fresh and delicious. The butterscotch latte is perfect for cold mornings, we've had a couple of the breakfast sandwiches that were all great and the lobster po'boy is a favorite. The juices are all super refreshing and made to order.Walked by to have breakfast one Saturday afternoon. Place has bags of trash by the front door and our wait for our food took a long time but it was good. Not sure I would wait that long again since roy was all fairly basic food.Went with my wife. Wasn't sure at first, but had great service and great food. We always split because we hate taking food home and filling up the apartment refrigerator, but it also makes you nervous that you will both go away hungry. That was not the case here. We split the Cubano sandwich and it was great, had some fries with it and some of the hand-cut potato chips. All  of it was good. Not a lot of seating and if you are a person (like we are) who orders water rather than overpaying for a drink, the cups are small, but none of those factors are deal-breakers for us as long as the service is good and the foods great - and it was.*wipes tears 
Smh. 
*glances at sky.
Thank you lord.
Never have I experienced such goodness.
I'm a NOLA Chef.
I'm a foodie.
I'm a PICKY CHEF. 
This was phenomenal. 
My experience before and after getting my food was stellar. 
Great customer service. Fast. Cool staff!
You know how NOLA isn't known for Philly's? 
It is now.
Idk if that bread came in a bag but if it did Jesus blessed it. Amoroso bread? No idea if it was but it was FREEWESSHHHH. Sooooofftttttt. HAD to be fresh baked. If not I need to know the secret 
Ugh 
The meat was seasoned to perfection, not too lean, not too fatty. Cheese  to meat ratio was perfect! 
I like a real Philly and I got it! Look no further. 
Now let's talk about fries. 
Truth is ppl neglect sides, especially fries. So tired of dry shoestrings and tasteless crinkle cuts. Yuck! And those Waffle things like po wait in Presidential length lines fir a Chik "whoever"---I don't get it. I just don't. 
These are crisp yet moist inside home fries with the perfect amount of salt and I swear a little butter-like pan fries! I wanted to cry. I think I did a little. 
Amazing how Mickey D's sold over a billion burgers with those dead matchsticks they call fries. 
If you like em fine but just know you're going to heelllllll. Lol 
Now.....the best for last and I'm gonna make it simple..
If I was stumbling down some stairs....drunk....holding that fried lobster sammich and my kid and lost my footing annnnnd had to pick which to grasp real quick ............it would be this gotdamn po-boy. 
I know I know yea yea....at least I didn't say a puppy .
Just being honest. 
Weirdly I've never had Lobster. Just never saw the excitement about it.
Now I'm pretty sure God was all like "Let there by light.....on and fry some lobster bytches" 
Yup.....I'm willing to bet that's how it went..
Ahfkinmazing‼‼‼
I will be ordering from here weekly. 
Period. 
(And the Hollandaise sauce on it??!?!!! Marry me. Whoever you are you sweet damn genius....marry me)The girl working the front counter was literally the worst person I have ever met. Such an attitude, I literally had to walk out at one point to avoid any conflict. Even the other workers were sick of her. My first time in New Orleans and my first time at Fat Boy Pantry and i will never recommend it or return. Definitely not worth the $8 I paid for some juice.Oh my. I mean, just holy cow. I have known about this place fore a while but never stopped in, and I am currently constructing a time machine to go back and slap myself for not going. The meatball sandwich (on muffaletta bread, not a po boy) was one of the best meatballs I have ever tasted, sandwich or not. It is like a meatball made from Italian sausage and happiness. If you were one of the lucky people to have been to the original Five Guys before it was a chain, the fries are so close to that, but just salt instead of the seasoning. So basically some of the best fries in the world. They also have ice cream which looked fantastic but there was so much food I couldn't even think of eating more. Next time!!!This spot allows you to wear or not wear masks... #maskuporgetvaccinatedpeeps 
The environment is a lil small but there's outdoor seating and a long table inside with huge log chairs (super sick tbh). I got the eggs Benedict sandwich and it quaked my soul.Fun combinations of food! 10/10 recommend as a place to visit if in town and looking for something unique!what a nice surprise! So convenient to CBD and Uptown. Big benches out front. and then there is the food. Extraordinary variety of interesting dishes, all scrumptious.  - many you have never had before. The owners are the chefs and the servers, so you get really good service. and keep room for their custom ice cream! wow. the best ice cream around! we go to or by Fat Boy regularly on our bike rides!OH NO SHE BETTER DON'T!
Me:
(wide eyed with excitement over a new menu)
 "Oooh tell me about the 'drawn-butter remoulade' on your lobster po'boy."
Owner: 
(with deadpan snarkiness)
 "Remoulade is remoulade. It's the same everywhere. I don't know what more to tell you."
OH HELL-TO-THE-NO!
Hold my earrings girl, that b!t@h just threw me shade!
...no smile
...no "hello"
...no "you're welcome".
BUSINESS (OR LACK OF IT) BEFORE CUSTOMERS
Once this harridan was rid of me, she unprofessionally scurried to her bookkeeping splayed-out in the dining room, taking calls and texts (see pics). And although I was her only patron she was too busy running her culinary empire to be polite: 
...never asked how my lobster was (darn tasty actually)
...whether I liked the controversial remoulade (which I did)
...and unforgivably, didn't even thank me as I left!I experienced racism at this establishment. I was getting fresh air via a bike ride, for the sake of my sanity, during this pandemic. Being thoughtful of others & following Phase 1 orders from our city had on a mask. After I ordered a juice a staff member (unmasked) on the other side of the shop told me that he did not like my mask b/c it looked like I was going to "rob them" & told me to take it off. I thought he was joking but quickly learned he was not when he repeated his statement in a stern manner. I am a 125 pound African American woman. This was not only hurtful but delusional. I left in disbelief and I am leaving this review publicly so that anyone who is African American or stands in support of our right to not be discriminated against, in 2020, chooses somewhere else to patronize. I am still in disbelief that this even happened and this staff member should be held accountable.It makes me so mad when a place is not open during their posted hours! Just went all the way there to get ice cream. It's 6:30pm. Everything online states they're open until 8. Doors locked, lights out, not even a note on the door. Don't make the same mistake I did - call before you go.The lobster Poboy was everything! The lobster was fried perfect with a buttery taste. The ice cream is creamy and yummy! I love the lemon cookie flavor!We stopped in a couple of weeks ago for ice cream
and they only had 1 flavor.  My husband and I each ordered a scoop and it was terrible. Not only was the flavor not good but it had a dry crumbly texture. It was the opposite of creamy. We've eaten here in the past and it was good. I suggest stop promoting and selling ice cream until some changes are made. We live in the neighborhood so we want to see them succeed.There day I found Fat Boy's was the day I found food heaven on Magazine Street. Everything about this place is outstanding! It's bright and clean, quirky and cool, the prices are low, and the food is simply fantastic! The Philly cheese steak is the best in town. I was born and raised in South Philadelphia, I've had imitations all over NOLA and I know. Yesterday I had Greek Breakfast- chopped lamb, 2 eggs, creamy sauce stuffed into a toasted pita and grilled. Fat Boy's Pantry is also an ice cream parlor and coffee shop! The coffee and the ice cream are as good as the food. I work near Fat Boy Pantry and I have a lot of options on Magazine St. but I can't stay out of this place!I give Fat boy pantry 3 1/2 stars.
Pros:
 cute clean atmosphere. Quick service. Panini bread was delicious. The Havana sandwich was very tasty with a surprising sweet butter pickle. The pulled pork meat was tender and tasty. The hand cut french fries were excellent, so good no catch-up needed.
Con's:
Very skimpy with the meat on the Havana sandwich. For $10, I expect to get more meat than a Subway sandwich.
The ham was a little salty, which is expected.  I like salt but I think before ordering others should know it is a little bit saltier than I expected.Realllllllly good. 
I was suspicious from the get go.  The place is very open, spacious, and clean.  I was thinking 'this isn't going to be good, bc it's not a hole in the wall'. 
I came here looking for a shrimp po-boy (which they don't offer & really the only reason it isn't getting a 5*). I got the fried lobster po-boy w fries. And it knocked my socks off!  I would come back to try their other options FOR SURE.
The po-boys are generously sized.   They said 7" and it was like a foot! The fried lobster is little balls (idk what I was expecting) and FRESH. The sauce is soooooooo good it tastes good from just the smell .  Serving size of the fries also generous. 
They offer a few condiments including a notable ketchup that is so 'real food' it tastes totally different from the ol' faithful I love.
This place also offers some selections of alcoholic beverages (beer, cider, etc) along with the normal non-alcoholic choices. 
Prices are reasonable for the size, taste & flavorsI've had plenty of great Philly cheesesteaks and this hands down tops them all! ( outside of Philly) the guys behind the counter are very busy all the time, but they make sure to take time check on me. It's the small things, the personal touches. Make sure to clear your schedule because after you eat the Philly you should be a man and order the lobster po boy. That is truly one of the biggest game changers on a menu I've seen in sometime!
Make sure you don't pass up this great New Orleans restaurant 
Keep it up boys!This is the WORST place ever! My husband found a rogue walnut in hit coffee and he's allergic!! I called the restaurant and they claimed there were only peanuts in the drink and that it was OUR fault!! Two people screamed at me, when I was (at first) trying to be calm. They refused a refund and could have killed him. So if you want to go into a life threatening allergy and be screamed at go to Fat Boys......My husband and I came into Fat Boy Pantry after a long day at the World War II museum. We were hungry and I was craving a cheeseburger. I have to hand it to Fat Boy pantry for a delicious and fast eating experience. I tried the cheeseburger while my husband opted for a meatball sub. Both items were delectable and served with ample french fries. The staff were also extremely friendly and insured that we enjoyed our entire experience. If you're in the area you can't go wrong here. P.S. they also randomly serve an assortment of healthy juices.Walked in and was nearly scared to death. There's a Michael Myers statue right at the door. Beware! 
I ordered a fried lobster poboy and an Affogato. Affogato comes with your choice of ice cream flavors. I went boring and got milk and cream. Very delicious! Came with a color changing spoon! Nice touch!
The lobster poboy was just ok. I think it's that lobster doesn't really have a strong flavor on its own. It was well seasoned and well fried. Super buttery ! The fresh cut fries were a nice pairing.
There were two guys working. A younger guy with long hair and an older guy. The older guy acted like he'd much rather be watching the football game than be bothered with customers. Seemed like the bane of his existence to serve customers. The younger guy was much nicer. He should probably be the greeting the customers instead.This place is an absolute Gem. Food was delicious the owner was great to converse with. Definitely worth the visit. Didn't have much of a wait time but loved it so much had to stop by before we headed back to San Antonio, Texas to get some food for the road..if I'm ever in New Orleans again will definitely be back!came here for ice cream and holy moly! what a treat!! the menu is beautiful, the ice cream is out of this world, and the hospitality was fantastic! truly a must if you're in the area.. they have sloppy joe's!! who has sloppy joe's?!First and foremost; The sexist pig behind the counter who constantly asks "Can I get your number?" "Damn girl your so fine" "Do you have a man?" Needs to get a life and maybe a new "job". Clearly there's some drug issues because he's always loaded and never washes his hands, furthermore as I read some previous reviews clearly this is an ongoing issue. They have rehab for that. He's very rude and curses so much. I understand people are saying "that's New Orleans" but their not from here and there's no professionalism at all!
I've been here a few times and each time I'm there they never have the full menu and there's always a long personally explanation why they don't have it. I would not recommend this place to anyone!!! The food is extra greasy and over priced. The only good thing is the ice-cream! They need some education on maintaining a business, professionalism and customer service.I'm so happy I stopped here for an unplanned lunch outing! The staff was extremely helpful and recommended the Lobster Poboy (best seller)upon request as something I should try. From the perfectly, lightly fried lobster, buttery poboy roll and probably the best hand-cut fries I've eaten, it didn't disappoint in flavor or portion! I will definitely be back to try something new!Don't buy gift cards from these guys. They will take your money and tell you there is no balance on the card when you try to redeem it. What a scam! No attempt to rectify the situation.Had the Havana sandwich and 2 Cubanos. The sandwich was nice and warm and SOOO JUICY! What canI say  about the coffee, it was exactly what we needed on a rainy Sunday morning. 
Highly recommend!Great place. The juices are INCREDIBLE. It's hard to find healthy food in Nola, with desired naughtiness on the side. 10/10Wow, this place is so cute and freaking delicious, plus awesome people running it?! Win-win-win.
We had only ordered for delivery before and knew it was tasty, but going in person was even better. We actually ordered for pickup, but hung out for a bit while we waited for our food, and got some drinks too. I got the Fat B gone-super fresh, slightly spicy, and added tequila for good measure. Sis got an iced mocha with Baileys (amazing-like a boozy light milkshake), and husband got an sweetened espresso with whiskey like an espresso martini/coffee drank crossover.
To eat, we got the bacon n egg ched (holy moly-I could eat lk 7 of these they're so freaking delicious), which comes with smash browns (lk really thin sliced fried potatoes, not quite lk a chip though-yum). We also got the Havana (meaty, different, tasty), and the philly (classic, meaty, awesome)-all came with classic fries.
We will 100% be back again and again. Bonus: they are open until midnight?! Umm, yes.
Sorry no pics, was distracted and hungry so gobbled up before snapping. Next time will grab some!The best food and best people around. Moving back to boston after living in the LGD for about a year and the FBP is one of the things I'll miss most. 
Get a bacon egg n ched and shotgun a twea while you're hereFat Boy Pantry has the tastiest lobster po'boy I have ever tasted in my life! This place has a limited menu and you can only mostly get fries (aka- smash browns) as a side with your meals. Overall, this is a great place, and the service depends on who is working.I don't even know if the words to describe how amazing the food is here exist. Let's start with the obvious.. the fried lobster po boy! It's ungodly how amazing this po boy is. The lobster is seasoned and fried to a perfect crisp and then put on po boy bread and drizzled with some kind of sauce .. the sauce omg! You literally never want the po boy to end. I will say to be ready to pay at least $20+ for the po boy and it comes with a side of fries. Which, even the fries are insanely good. But, it is so so worth it to try at least once! My friend got their burger which is also phenomenal. It's a juicy and flavorful burger on a soft buttery bun with some toppings (can't remember what). This place was a accidental find and I'm so happy I did.We keep going back. Fat Boy Pantry is the most incredible sandwich shop in this town of great sandwich shops. They have the closest thing to a real Philly Cheese Steak you'll find south of  Cottman Ave. The Greek sandwiches on pita, the Cuban pannini, they even offer a Fried Lobster PoBoy (!) And Allison are a near religious experience.  Everything comes with their great thick cut fries too. There's also complementary serve-yourself club soda on tap, a killer selection of premium quality ice cream, and a wild array of obscure alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage choices. Friendly service and very fair prices. To be honest, I can't wait to go back.Yes go, you need that burger! Homemade patties and thick cut bacon...need I say more. Ordered through Uber eats, loved that it arrived nice and warm due to the packaging. The fries were homemade and still had a nice crunchy when it arrived.Fat Boy has the best fried lobster Po' Boy in town. It was so good me and my friends went back for another lunch there. Don't miss out on this gem if you're in town. They have great juices and also have a delicious set of ice creams for desert. I'd come back from LA to NOLA just for this place.wow... I really loathe 1 star reviews but I am doing it.
a few observations after my visit;
1. shelves are stocked with limited pantry products for sale.. lots of empty space which clearly showed how filthy the empty shelving was.
2. iced coffee's here are made with steamed milk and then ice is put in? Nope sorry. Coffee was VERY burnt. Incredibly bitter... it went straight into the trash.
3. guy behind the counter needs to have an attitude readjustment - yes you're working Sunday.. i'm sorry you feel so awful about it.. but it is not the customers fault. Put a smile on that dial. 
I was so excited following this new cafe's integration into the area. The decorating outside is fun. I had tried to visit previously on a Monday... everything online indicates open on a Monday. I walked up the sign on the door says 'Open' and resident cranky man chastised me for trying to enter because they are 'ALWAYS closed on Monday's'. I shouldn't of bothered giving the place a second chance.Was in town and looking for somewhere open.  So happy they are open, plus they are open til midnight. With alot of the restaurants still closed, it helps that they are open and open late night.   Had the breakfast pita.  Gyro lamb with spicy harissa and hollandaise sauce.  Great combo of spice and richness, Eye opener coffee.  Luv me some coffee!!   Chickory cold brew with condensed milk topped with double shot of dark matter espresso.  Yummy!! Will definitely be back.  Staff was great.  :)   Good Luck and happy you were able to open back up this soon.Found a gem of a place in NOLA. @fatboypantry thanks for the great sandwiches. Steve had a Philly and I had the Egg,bacon, avocado and cheddar. The fries were so crunchy. They also serve ice cream.  Will be back.  The service is outstanding, always checking on us and asking if everything tasted good.  I love finding and supporting small business where ever I go.Fried Lobster Poboy Sandwich. Im so glad we walked the miles for this! As we journey are way toward the restraunt we met some people along the way. Didnt realized that lobster wasnt a thing in the area. Then we started having doubts. But please dont hesitate to make your way here the owner said he gets these shipped from all the way from Maine, fresh! Every bite has a thick juicy crunch. With the perfect amount of their secret sauce. On a perfectly buttered up bread. You wont be disappointed! Trust.I wanted to love this place. They staff was nice, the ice cream was great but I def. didn't get my bellies worth from the $30 lobster poboy I ordered. The lobster it self was good, piping hot and you could taste the freshness of the sea. Something was off. It May have just been me, because I opted out of the sauces that came on the sandwich. I figured I'd just drown it with ketchup as that's my favorite condiment since I don't care for mayo. So I only had a couple bites of my sandwich. The fries were so tempting, freshcut as I saw from the display glass. I was excited, only to find i was served less than a handful. But I wasn't too mad about the portion size once I bit into one, it was over cooked almost to the crispness of a chip and close to having that burnt kettle-chip flavor not at all what I expected!I appreciate that they are open late.  However, I was unimpressed with my $20 bacon cheeseburger (including tax and tip).  I was sold when I read "black garlic mustard aioli" on the menu but failed to see or taste it on the burger.  Also, it didn't have pickles, the bacon wasn't crispy, and the bun was smushed down and mushy.  I picked it up myself and arrived early, so that wasn't the issue. For what I paid, it needs to be a damn good burger with everything there.Called ahead to order two (2) sandwiches, and upon my arrival, only one (1) had been prepared. We were on a tight time schedule as we were heading to the airport, which is why I called an hour in advance and gave a specific pick-up time, so there was no time to wait around and ask for the second to be made. Very disappointed both in the service and the quality of the one (1) sandwich that we actually received. Unfortunate. Had been excited to try this spot for some time.Best philly I've had in years. I had a great experience with the food the staff and the ambience. Great place to go take your family to.It had been weeks since we had a po boy and that just felt wrong. Fat Boy Pantry had been on our list. Then 2Tall and Joe made sure that we absolutely knew that we made the right choice. We got the lobster po boy and even though it might seem pricy, it is WORTH IT. The bread was beautifully soft and the lobster was lightly breaded and perfectly crispy. Everything was great. Even the condiments were great. Spicy harissa in a squeeze bottle? Yes. Please. 
There's a quality beer / beverage selection to help the food go down as well. Eat here. Drink here. You won't be disappointed.Such awesome food and people that work there and went the extra mile when it took a bit for our food to come out they gave everyone in there free ice cream. The Havana sandwich was better than any Cuban sandwich we had in actually Cuba. We are stuffed and happy!Love the fried lobster poboy. Delicious! 
https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2019/07/22/fat-boy-pantry-new-orleans-la-report-215/Hey magazine street I know you've got a lot of choices for food I know you do but if you're in the upper magazine area near barrel proof and Caliope you should definitely stop in to fat boy pantry.   They are open from 8 AM to 8 PM and serve everything from Poboys to ice cream enough for a late night snack or early lunch. One of the nice things about this place is that pretty much all the menu items are handmade from original recipes. I tried the meatball po boy that I split with my sister and first off one person should not this entire meatball po boy without an assistant or an ambulance on call.  it's like the size of a hubcap. I had classic Coke (glass bottle!) amd a side of fries. The fries remind me of the fries at atomic burger: that hand cut fresh potato real french fry type where it's thick and meaty and Brown.  Just like mom made when you were a kidThey were open even though a hurricane was on the forecast in 3 hours, thank goodness. I got the pepper n egg poboy and added cheese and avocado. Simple dish, with simple taste. Not particularly a fan of how the bread was warmed, would've preferred toasted or not warmed. I think, if a sauce or dressing was offered with this sandwich would bring it to another level. 
The bar stools were interesting but I think this spot is more of a take out kind of place. 
I saw they also do ice cream and coffee.I love this place. They have the best fresh cut fries. Ever sandwich I have tried there is incredible. I can't wait to go back.Extremely slow service despite, initially being the only people in there. A few folks showed up after us which slowed the process even more. Breakfast sandwich was ok, nothing that would make me go back.First time order using UberEATS. Never again. This hamburger is practically raw. Unfit for human consumption. Disgusting.Excellent food and prices. Never disappointed when we eat there. They have the best phillys and wild boar sandwiches. The french fries are fresh and delicious.Wow. It's been almost a week and I get nauseous thinking about my experience but it's important to share as to save other innocent souls (stomachs??). 
This food was absolutely vile.  Is there some evil Culinary Institute where they teach you to be the worst that you can be? Because you probably were the valedictorian. What kind of childhood did you endure to make you think this is okay?? I don't know if you need Jesus or therapy or an intervention but damn- you definitely need HELP.
I was starving at work and needed something quick. Once I unwrapped my gyro and fries, I knew I made a mistake. 
First of all, who's idea was it to wrap the fries together with sandwich??? Also, it made everything disgustingly greasy and soggy. Second of all, the few bites I ate of the lamb gyro were surprisingly nasty. It's almost impressive how disgusting they could make their food. The meat was stringy and overcooked. The pita was soaked by the grease from the meat and fries. I instantly felt sick. What came next was pure hell. Within the hour I was puking everything I ate. I had stomach craps and felt like absolute death. I ended up having to go home from work a couple hours early due to how miserable I felt. 
So yeah... maybe order from somewhere else???Just had the best sandwich, the Havana - mojo roasted pork, ham, gruyere, black garlic mustard, and the most amazing pickles. Fully recommend it!The owner was very nice and responsive. Everyone was wearing a mask. Will definitely visit again!The food looks like yesterday. Overall y'all need to do better. I don't know what y'all brought me but I'm disgusted.The benedict sandwich (subbed avocado for ham to be vegetarian) and cubano were amazing!!This whole interaction was possibly the funniest thing ever, but not worth it. 
One man behind the counter constantly swore, but not directly to me. Just a general sourpuss. Then he gave my drink order over to another gentleman to make, who was equally as lovely. 
I ordered a macchiato to which the new guy making my drink said "This isn't like a ****in' Starbucks macchiato. It's going to be a small amount of milk." Which I thought meant it would more coffee and less milk in the entire cup. Nope. I received about a 1/4 of a cup of espresso and a dime-sized amount of milk. 
I'd never recommend to anyone.I saw pics of the meatball sandwich & thought that's what I was headed there to get, until I saw the fried lobster poboy. I did not err in changing my mind. That fried lobster poboy was magnificent. I don't know if they make the sauce or mayonnaise or whatever is on it, but the sandwich is simple, yet perfect. I was so full from devouring every bite that I couldn't even get ice cream afterwards.