The loaded fries were delicious. The southern style chicken sandwich was a disappointment. I ordered via a delivery service and by the time I received it, the slaw had turned the bottom half of the bun to complete mush. It seemed like much of the flavor is in the slaw and the pickles, so it basically ruined the sandwich. The 4 cheese mac was good. If you order delivery ask for the slaw on the side so you don't waste $10.Less than one star. They answered their phone and left us on hold for over 20 minutes, forgetting about us. We hung up and are taking our order elsewhere.This place is a bit hidden, as I thought google maps took me to the wrong spot. It's actually inside the 700 club in the back.  They have there own little section for customers and places to sit. 
On to the food, one word; amazing!! We ordered a chicken burger and a reg burger as well as loaded fries and the pb&j wings. The burgers were huge and juicy, but I'd have the say the chicken sandwich takes the cake between these two. Idk if it's the mayo they use (some homemade thing) or the seasoning on the fried piece of chicken, but it was flavor packed and delicious. 
The loaded fries was, well, loaded fries. It was good but what loaded fries aren't good. 
Now the wings were interesting. The first bite is not great but the more bites you take the more it taste ok. Yes, it does taste like pb&j and yea, I'd recommend you try them BUT only if you are with 3 or 4 people and can split them. They give you 6-8 wings and for one person it is entirely to much because of the whole pb&j thing. I'm not going to say that I will get them again, but I am glad that I did try them.I love everything this place has Mac & cheese to the burgers & fries ... good atmosphere and friendly peopleGot delivery, order was correct and fast. Friendliest delivery person, too. Provided me with everything I needed for a hotel room picnic. Food is heavy and portions are more than generous so keep in mind when ordering. The southern chicken sandwich and those pulled pork fries are a must try. Would eat here again.Faubourg Bistro is quite literally a "hole in the wall", and those kind of places are usually the best kind! Faubourg is located in the back of the 700 Club Bar in New Orleans. I've been here twice and got the Southern Chicken Sandwich and Thai PBJ Wings, both of which blew me away. The workers are kind, and the food is amazing. It's now a must stop every time I come to the city. The menu is small but they know what they're doing, definitely stop in.
Note: you must be 21 to enter so this isn't for families with young kids or teensIt's a little kitchen window with a small 4 table bistro attached to the 700 Bar.
From the street the kitchen door is open so you can look in and see a tidy restaurant kitchen that always seemed calm and put together.
We ordered 3 food items that took about 20 minutes to prepare. Our first choice was the loaded fries but the last day of a busy festival weekend took it's toll on the French fry inventory. We settled on some wings, nachos, and a pulled pork sandwich, that was served with tortilla chips as a substitute for fries.
Smaller portions, but less can be more sometimes, this time it was just less. Everything was tasty and I might eat here again, but it's a tad expensive for the portions and service (considering order at the door and paper boats).
I really think they try hard and have a crew that cares and I liked that the best.Fun atmosphere and great bar food. 
Literally something for everyone. If you like good comfort food with a unique twist go for their mac & cheese skillet, onion rings or PBJ wings. All were excellent. 
The staff is friendly and the music will make you want to get up and dance.Split the fried Mac n cheese, and chicken tenders. Anything deep fried in Panko is good, but the mac bites weren't really a hit. Really heavy and just kind of meh. The chicken tenders were very good, the honey mustard was a little overpowering, so we tried ranch, more like a dill sauce. Just eat them plain! The star of the meal was the fries! (Really) if we go again I'm not going to mess with anything else. The servers were super friendly, not a lot of chicks in the bar though.Cute bistro located in the back of the 700 club. It has a separate space from the bar, if you want a quieter experience, or you can eat in the bar proper. The wings are great. They're a not breaded (hard to come by around these parts), traditional chicken wing, featuring buffalo, bbq, pepper jelly, pb&j, and/or teriyaki sauce. They also have to die for onion rings and a superb catfish plate.
They keep a weekly vegan/vegetarian slider on the menu, if that's your thing. We eat here quite often due to the lack of well made, inexpensive, casual food in the Quarter. The 700 is, also, a lovely establishment.OH MY GOSH! Best catfish sandwich I have ever had and I've had my share! Wow! Small window with very nice people taking your order. Highly recommended!
This "window" restaurant is in the back of the 700 Club. Go!This place is no joke. It is legit delicious american foods. Located in the 700 lounge this bistro surpassed my expectations by a mile.  The mac and cheese bites were fried to golden perfection and topped with parmesan with a marinara type sauce.  The chicken sandwich was delicious too.  The piggyback fries were something else. It was like a crawfish tray worth of fries.  They were still crispy even with all the toppings. The pizza mac was mac and cheese at its finest.  Brussel sprouts with bacon were a necessity to get our greens for the night. I will have to come back to try the cauliflower sandwich for sure. I highly recommend!The food here is soooo good! It's a nice change from the creole cooking after being in New Orleans a few days. The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was on a pretzel bun and to die for!Food is definitely above the average for the area, not a typical tourist spot. If it were not at the back of a bar, it would be another star perhaps. Had the beef sandwich and it was excellent, like a pot roast sliced and a sauce of mild horseradish. Mac and cheese bites and the sauces seem homemade, like everything except the bread/rolls. I would recommend for a quick, casual bite. You can take drinks from the bar in the same building if you want alcohol.Really hard to find and then once you find it, it is unclear where you're supposed to order. One gentleman was very helpful, the rest of the staff was very arrogant. I did enjoy the fried mac and cheese and the fries. The hamburger was huge and the best part was the pickles.Had the buffalo wings, bacon mac and cheese and the pulled pork fries. 
Buffalo wings were egh...bacon mac and cheese was great. Pulled pork fries were great till we found a hair in the food.MUST EAT HERE!!!
Oh my gosh this was amazing. The burger was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor. We also got the loaded fries which were spread out to ensure every fry had all the best toppings. 
This is inside a bar so it can be a bit tricky to find because the sign out front says 700 or something but just head in and go to the window at the back. Food comes out fast and is great.An interesting find, no doubt. Gay bar in front, delicious food in the back. Par for the course, I suppose, while in New Orleans...but it took me a moment to get used to burgers and blasting Britney Spears and backstreet boys. 
I did get used to it, though. And thoroughly enjoyed myself once I did. Order at the window in the back, and your food comes out fresh made in a few minutes. My wife and I were on a mission to try as many different hurricanes as we could on the day we visited. I have to admit that while the bartender was very nice, flavor -wise  it was the worst hurricane we had in the day. Luckily the food more than made up for it.
We started with Mac and cheese bites, and then my wife had a burger and I had a buffalo chicken sandwich. Everything was clearly made with top ingredients and with care. 
Truly a wonderful find, and very inexpensive for the quality provided.It's a nice bar/bistro off the beaten path of Bourbon Street. The food was good and so was the service. More like a fast food place, where you go up to window and order and the food is brought out to you. I would go back for a quick meal. One thing that I didn't care for was the dog who came in with its owners and sat on a bar stool with its paws on the bar. :/Delivery service was quick and efficient, they delivered to the hotel in a jiffy. The food was great, including the max n cheese balls. Burger is alright 4/5... But for delivery top notch.The best meal we had in New Orleans!  We shared the Piggyback Fries and the Pizza Mac & Cheese Skillet.  Perfection!Delicious and affordable. We got the pig fries, burger, chicken sand and mac n cheese all were to die for.The reviews are right! It's a little hard to find because is shares the space with a bar. Try mac and cheese skillet it is delicious.This quickly became my favorite go to burger place in New Orleans. Unusual burgers with incredible portions!The pictures speak for themselves very friendly crowd at the 700 club will definitely go back again and again!I seriously love this place. Today I had the fish and chips. Oh boy it was a lot of food, Fresh and delicious. 
I've been wanting to try the Mac and cheese bites but thankfully we didn't order cause it's a huge portion. There were a couple of guys at the other table that asked us if we wanted some. Of course we said yes especially after they said they didn't handle the ones they offered us. Sooooo good. 
Hubby got the burger again and although we forgot to ask for cheese and he still loved it. So happy with this place. Only wish it was a bigger space.The food here is uh-mazing! We had attempted to eat here once before but there was no place to sit as it was prime time for the bar. When you first enter, you don't think there's a kitchen or nonetheless a "restaurant", but you have to walk all the way to the back. We ordered the macaroni bites--they are perfectly fried macaroni and cheese cubes. You must have these! For our entrees, we ordered the fish sandwich and the chicken sandwich. The fish sandwich comes with cole slaw and some type of sauce, which makes the sandwich unique and delicious! We will definitely be back on our next visit to the Big Easy!This place was so good! The food was absolutely delicious! We got the Mac and Cheese, Pizza Mac and Cheese and a cheeseburger - all which were phenomenal! The place is a little difficult to find (it's in the back of the 700 Club). The food was a little pricy but still good! The staff was also working very hard working! The menu isn't the most extravagant but again the food that they have was great!!Ordered fish and chips. Probably the worst I've ever had. Be careful or you'll break your teeth trying to bite thorough the batter. No, really. Be careful.What just happened!?! Omg!!! 
Best burger I've had in a LONG time!!!  The place is located in the back of the bar. I almost walked out because it worried me when I saw the place. Don't let the small kitchen and place fool you. The food was freakin delicious. If you like onion rings at all make sure you get them. 
So glad we took a risk on this place. Pretzel bun was yummy. Burger meat even better.Wow is all I can say my catfish sandwich was so good!! My husband got the southern chicken sandwich which he loved.  The french fries and onion rings were seasoned very well and FYI the larger is plenty to share I was sad to have to throw some away.  We went for lunch so it was not to busy, we have already said this is a place we will go EVERYTIME we go to New Orleans.  Staff was very nice the food did take a little while to come but worth the wait it is all made to order which was fine by me.At 1:30 am was starving one of the few places open. Had chicken burger very delicious, tasty, and juicy. Didn't except for it to taste good but fortunately it tasted great. I really enjoyed the chicken burger.One of the best fried chicken sandwiches I've had. PB&J wings are good if you like peanut butter. Pork fries are delicious and can be shared with 5+ people. My husband says it's definitely one of the best burgers he's had in New Orleans.Stopped in for lunch based on others' Yelp reviews. I like that you walk to the back room and order from the kitchen window. As others mentioned the kitchen appears very clean and the staff very polite and helpful.
We ordered the fried macaroni and cheese, the fried catfish sandwich, and the fried chicken sandwich. The fried macaroni and cheese was excellent. The breading was crisp and the inside was filled with comforting mac & cheese that has a slight hint of spiciness to it. The catfish sandwich was cooked to perfection and the combination of ingredients mixed perfectly with each other. I'll say the exact same thing for the chicken sandwich. One thing we noticed was the meal didn't seem super "heavy" for all of it being fried food. I'll return here on our next trip to New Orleans. I highly recommend checking it out for yourself!
Update: we put the leftover fried mac & cheese bites in the toaster oven this morning and they were just as good as they were fresh.What a good find! We walked from our hotel and the 700 Bar was easy enough to find. I ordered a roasted beef and cheddar and my husband got the catfish sandfish. They were both Great! The onion rings were delicious as well. It was very crowded and hot but definitely worth the wait!Would have loved to eat here, but after sitting at a table for 30 minutes without ANYONE speaking to us... we gave up. #disappointedcustomersFood was delicious and fast delivery in the French Quarter! Mac & Cheese bites were amazing!!Great simple food! Very friendly and courteous staff. You could clearly tell that they put care into their food. I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the price, which is honestly not that bad. 
It was definitely mine and my girlfriend's go-to spot when we would visit the french quarter and want a quick bite.Really disappointed in this place. I was greatly looking forward to trying their red beans & rice veggie burger, and was let down by both the food and the service.
I dropped in on Halloween for some take-out. The place was packed and super loud, and I wanted to eat somewhere I could hear myself think. When I get up to the window, the guy makes me wait quite a while to order. Then I wait even longer for my food to arrive. Weird since there's only one other table of diners; most people are just drinking, because it's in a bar after all. 
When at last my burger arrives, in a brown bag toted by a young girl with a decidedly sullen attitude, it is smaller than expected and there's no sauce on it. None. Who the hell wants a burger, veggie or otherwise, with no flippin' mayo? Particularly when the menu proudly states that is comes dressed with tabasco aioli. 
"There's no sauce on this," I say. 
"Did you want some?" asks the girl, as though baffled by such a request. Then she takes the bag into the kitchen and returns it moments later without a word.
I check the sauce levels; there is one dab, the size of a damn nickle. Are you kidding me? I didn't bother to ask for more. My companions were itching to leave, and I had some mustard and mayo packets back at my room. 
The burger tasted as tragic as it looked, too. The patty was dense as clay with very little flavor, and there weren't enough pickles or lettuce to jazz up the texture. The whole thing was very meh and it kind of bummed me out.
On a side note, the bathrooms at Faubourg were reprehensibly filthy, and the doors didn't lock properly.Solid pub food spot,  great for lunch if you ate in the area. The Mac skillet is more than a meal for two and the burgers are gut busting big but tasty.I might be slightly tipsy from the drink and drown well special at the bar but the skillet Mac and cheese was delightful and sinfully delicious.A little hole in the wall but it has such amazing burgers!! It was a 4 minute walk from our hotel so we needed to grab a quick bite before our vampire tour lol. And the service was pretty friendly and fast. Definitely a great place to stop by and eat. :)Little place in the back of a bar but packs great food back there. We had the loaded fries which was a huge portion - thank God we shared as it could be a meal on its own. Then we split the catfish burger...whoa that was absolutely DELICIOUS!!! I'm still dreaming of it...Price is affordable, food comes out quick, hot & fresh. The bar vibe was weird but was only there for the food so did not care. Will definitely return & recommend.Very good, love the ambience and the food is awesome. However, did not see cajun/creole on the menu, just a heads-up. Service was awesome and bar is nice. I definitely recommend.Love the location and all but the fish and chips was too salty and over seasoned. I really wish I like it because I was sooo looking forward to it. I'm sure the other food is good though!Catfish sandwich! Had this 3x in my short stay. And the fries were the kind you just cant stop eating till they are all gone.Place was awesome. Found it on our last night in New Orleans and probably a good thing because we would have eaten there every night...
It is inside the 700 club if anyone has trouble finding it. Walk through the bar to the back which has seat your own tables. 
My fiancé and I ordered a couple dishes to share so we could sample a number of things: Bistro burger, piggyback fries, and a side of Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious. Piggyback fries are a must! Huge portion. Also the side of Mac and cheese is quite a large portion. You're probably getting two cups worth. Super creamy and great. 
Shout out to the staff. Really nice guys and put a lot of care into the food. We really enjoyed ourselves!Excellent bar food and super friendly employees. The veggie sliders are some of the best veggie burgers I've had anywhere - they come up with a new recipe every week so it's worth coming back.Great flavorful food. Recommend the catfish platter. Lots of flavor in everything we triedSecond time coming here. They have such a great vibe here. From the servers, bartender, to the patrons-- Cool people and fantastic food. Came here after that flop of a place Willie Maes( tip: don't go there, come here). Will definitely return when I'm in NOLA!!!The bar on the street is actually 'The 700 club'. The review is for the attached popout kitchen. We had the crawfish grilled cheese, mac and cheese, and fries. It was delicious.
Lawrence was our bartender at the 700 club - great guy and was really fun all around - highly recommend!The food was crafted nicely and the menu was creative. I had the PB&J wings which were very good. A little heavy on the peanut butter and could use a little more jelly. My girlfriend had the veggie burger which was also really tasty. The prices are not cheap (9/10 a dish) but the quality and presentation makes up for it. I could tell the chef was really an artist and knows how to cook!I can't say how great this little hole in the wall was! We had the mac n cheese bites (awesome), cheeseburger (fabulous), skillet mac n cheese (phenomenal) (maybe skip the bacon- very thick), and fried chicken sandwich (crazy good)!!!  And the fries... the fries- wow. So great! We just wanted a burger and couldn't have had better luck.
The venue is cute and has music videos playing on the walls, but not in a distracting way.
If you want some really good food, this is your place!  It was not a Southern food place, so if you're looking for jambalaya or other southern foods, keep moving.Outstanding burger! Great service. It honestly has to be one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.Had the most amazing lunch today - Beef and Cheddar brussel sprouts and 1 chicken tender!  So yummy if ya ain't ya should and ya should now!We came here in the middle of the night starving. There were literally no restaurants open around like 11 PM? Except for Faubourg! Located a short walk from Bourbon St. and behind a bar, we found ourselves here salivating for its fried chicken wings. Perhaps it was because of the alcohol induced hunger within our stomachs, but man, were these wings finger licking good. We only got the wings but the other items on the menu looked delicious as well. We finished eating everything in like, 5 minutes flat. Great food, served at times when you really need it.The people are all awesome and the food is soooo good!!! It's bar food that's really yummy bar food. I love this gem.The mac & cheese bites were 'slap ya mama' delicious! And my cheeseburger was perfection. My concern was the bathroom situation. I walk towards the hallway that lead to the bathroom. I see two doors with signs on them, one that said 'EVE' & the other 'STEVE'. That's easy to decipher which one I'd use. I enter EVE, I see a urinal on the wall. Huh?! a urinal in the ladies room? Once I took care of business, I walked out of the stall to see a man walk in, head to the urinal and proceed to "whip it out'! I was like, Hellooooo!! you're in EVE. He didn't care & con't to urinate. Not feeling safe, I immediately walked out. I couldn't even wash my hands. Good thing I carry alcohol wipes at all times. Other than that uncomfortable situation, I definitely recommend the food.Went for the Mac and cheese bites. They were amazing. This place is a hidden treasure. Not for a family but if your in Nola for food - it's for you. Open late. We also had a chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. Very tastyIn the back of a bar...but man it was absolutely incredible. Servings are huge so definitely recommend sharing. The mac and cheese bites were delectable and the loaded fries with pork were huge and out of this world. The pork on the fries were great and the bacon pieces were huge and so so good. Highly recommend this place.Literally the best chicken sandwich I've had in my life... well paired with the siracha slaw.Although a bit hard to find at first I am glad we found it, hidden behind the 700 bar you will find some of the most delicious bites in NoLa! Went with a group of 7 girls and we all enjoyed everything we had. I personally got the chicken sandwich and the sriracha coleslaw and it did not disappoint. We all raved about how good everything was and we can't wait to visit when we are back in town!Food was yummy. It is in the back of the bar, you order there and take a number and somehow they find you. The bar is great. Service is fast and not too expensive. We went on Easter Sunday and everyone was wearing very elaborate handcrafted Easter hats. Great way to start our trip!Yes, I made him walk all the way over here because I saw a picture of what looked like an amazing mac and cheese sandwich on yelp and was So BUMMED when I found out that they didn't have it. They explained that they change up the menu sometimes and that was just a temporary item. By that time I was craving mac and cheese so I went ahead and ordered their regular mac and cheese dish and my husband got their catfish sandwich. WOW. Everything was soooo good!!!! We are still raving about it and I know this is one place we are going to crave being back in our home state!All the credit goes to David for discovering this place through Instagram. After seeing all of the delicious pictures of various things coated in a thick layer of cheese, as well as mac and cheese piled high on top of things, I knew we had to see this place for ourselves.
First of all, Faubourg Bistro is located in the back of a bar, but it's a really fun bar, so don't let that stop you from visiting. We went at around 6 on a Saturday and it was a pretty chill crowd. We had already scoped out the menu online and while they didn't have one thing we wanted (no crawfish grilled cheese, since it isn't crawfish season), they did have the skillet pizza mac and cheese that we had our eye on. We each got an order. 
After a brief wait we were presented with a personal skillet of mac and cheese layered with tomato sauce and topped with pepperoni. As soon as I dug in the cheese oozed and mixed with the sauce and made the macaroni nice and ooey gooey. THIS MIGHT BE ONE OF MY NEW FAVORITE THINGS! The dish was so rich and I couldn't get enough. It also came with garlic bread on the side, in case you want to spread your carbs on top of more carbs (and of course you do!).
Needless to say, I got through about half of this thing and took the rest home for later. I am happy to report that it is just as good upon reheating! Truth me told, David and I could have easily split this dish and left happy. We have a plan for next time: we are going to order a cheeseburger and a skillet pizza mac and split it. There is so much yum on the menu that we are bound to be back a few times over.We came here on a Monday night at 9pm and it was understandably empty in the restaurant section in the back so we ate in the bar area. The fried chicken sandwich and fried mac and cheese balls were very good. I hate mayo normally but the garlic mayo on the sandwich didn't taste like mayo.WOW!!!! Go here. Order the Mac n cheese bites and the Mac and cheese skillet. Husband got the fish n chips which he said "was on another level". Great service, cute corner bar and bistro.Just had a burger (with pepper-jack cheese) and fries delivered. The fries were amazingly seasoned. Interesting that they start delivering at 11 am yet don't open ''til noon.This place seemed very odd as it was inside a bar, but turned out to be very awesome! I'm drunk from drinking from pat obrians down the street but this place was amazing! This site is telling me I need more characters so I'm adding just a few more so here they are. Are you happy yet? What the heck, still not enough. Please be happy Yelp gods. I just want to stop typing.Definitely not what I was expecting having to go through a bar to get to the back where the food is. Incredibly surprised!! Great food! Pizza Mac and cheese, pork covered fries with huge pork chunks and catfish sandwich. All incredible and I can't recommend the food enough!!!Was looking for good eats on a tight budget in NOLA and my damn the expectations were succeeded! The beef and cheese sandwich was killer! Mac and cheese a phenominal blend! Fries seasoned so dope and crispy sober af this place was great I think if I had been drinking my happy heart would have given in.I wasn't feeling well and didn't wanted to go out to eat. I order food from Faubourg Bistro and it was delicious! The PB&J Wings are the best! They have a Thai-style peanut sauce, crumbled bacon, spiced grape jelly I have never had wings like that! They were crispy in the outside and juicy in the inside! We also got theSouther Style sandwich and it was really good as well. They text me letting me know that they were busy and delivery would take long, but in reality it took around 30 minutes.I had the wings with peanut sauce. Yum.
 Not to much fat and the jelly sauce was super.I went to this place on my day trip to New Orleans, the food was decent but the drink I ordered wasn't great. I wish they had some kind of specials or drink menu of some sort. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich and everything was really greasy but the presentation was good. You go to the back of the bar to order and they bring the food out to you. I had a decent experience, but I wouldn't eat here before you have to walk around New Orleans all night.Les meilleures frites ever! Épicées, très bien assaisonnées, le burger Roasted beef and cheddar est délicieux, la viande tendre et les pains, très bons et tout fait maison.
Je le recommande vivementGreat burgers and fries flew in from Florida stop by this restaurant for lunch. Service was great and the coworkers in the kitchen were extremely nice and the menu prices was  cheap.Best food I've had near the French quarter that is reasonably priced. 
Sandwiches here are incredible. Fried Catfish was perfect with the pickled veggies. Slaw was perfectly sloppy. 
Vibe was awesome. Ambiance is a plus. 
A lil off the beaten path but walkable which makes it ideal. 
Ac was pumping so it was nice and cool on a hot day.This is one of the best places we've eaten in the quarter. Food is reasonably priced. The southern fried chicken sandwich was one of the best I've had and the mac and cheese was so creamy and delicious. I would highly recommend dining here!This place is amazing! The best southern chicken sandwich! The mac n cheese bits are awesome! Love this place! The staff are very friendly and fast! Definitely a must try!Food was phenomenal. The simple things done well. Fries for days. Everybody is so nice too. If I were a catfish I would let them make me into a sandwich. Got the skillet of the month (Cajun)-- thought I was dreaming. 10/10What a hidden gem!! Omg... I cannot really say enough about this place. Literally everything is amazing catfish sandwich, burger, Fries shit even the salad is good (if you are going for that). You seriously cannot miss this place if you have been to NOLA before.Best bar food I've had in the FQ. Detailed flavor profiles and excellent quality ingredients. Outstanding burger and fries. A cut above. The prices are reasonable, and the service is fast. This place hits all the right notes.Found this hidden gem on yelp. It's in a back corner of a bar in the French quarter. My bf said the catfish sandwich was his favorite meal of our trip. I had PB&J wings which were not the best I've had but still good flavor. The bar itself had a colorful, friendly atmosphere. We made sure to bookmark this spot in case we are in the NoLA area again in the near future!Good food, good service, fun atmosphere, cheap wine. Good place to drop in while visiting the Quarter. 
We had fried macNcheez balls and the PB&J Wings (Highly Recommended)So glad we found this place in NO. Great food and a cool atmosphere. You order at a window in the rear of the bar and they bring your order out to ya. We had wings, loaded pork fries and a burger. Everything was delicious. We had a couple drinks while we waited and enjoyed the music. We'll make sure to go here again next time we're in the Big Easy.EXCELLENT food && service ! I ordered a fried chicken sandwich with cheese, onions rings, fried mac & cheese, as well as cajun fries . All made to perfection and extremely tasty ! I will be getting another one of those sandwiches before I go back home 4sure ! && the 2 chefs putting the food together in the back were very personable, informative, and friendly .That firecracker cauliflower sandwich--dynamite! A definite must try for vegetarian foodies. They should sell that tasty breaded cauli as an app. I'd totally buy it. I loved the spicy mayo, the lightly toasted roll, the acidity of the coleslaw... the flavors work together rather excellently. It was giant, too, and I ended up taking half to go, making both lunch and dinner.  
Faubourg is difficult to find if you're not specifically looking for it. It's tucked away at the back of a bar, corner of St. Peter and Burgundy. There isn't a whole lot of seating, but they do both takeout and delivery. New music videos play on a flat screen while you wait for your meal.What a hidden gem! I was looking for a fried chicken sandwich and I saw the option on yelp. Decided to give it a tried with not super high expectations (you know just enough to satisfy the craving). Walked and I couldn't find it ( note: it's inside the 700 club) OMG what a surprise! Mac & cheese bites are amazing! Onion rings and my chicken sandwich delicious! Definitely will be back!I ordered the catfish sandwich. The catfish filet was hot and a big portion. The coleslaw was fresh and crispy. The mayo was good. The bun was delicious. Only complaint was I wish the sandwich brought more heat! The sides were equally as yummy. Overall a solid 4-4.5 establishment.Sriracha slaw on fried fish was very tasty. I wish the hours were more consistent. We flew in late on a Saturday and strolled here from our hotel but they weren't open. The food was tasty and better than expected for a dive bar.WARNING THIS IS IN THE BACK OF A GAY BAR!!! You have to walk to THE BACK of the 700 Club to find it.  I was totally for it but thrown for a loop when thinking it was just a restaurant! We got the pulled pork loaded fries. They are no longer on the menu but are a hidden gem. The pork is awesome and the fries were nice and crispy.Fantastic food. Between three of us we had the peanut butter, bacon and jelly wings, mac and cheese balls (as recommended by another review) and also a chicken burger that they call a sandwich. All was so delish, especially those wings  get on it.I had the fried macaroni and cheese and fried chicken sandwich. It definitely hit the spot!The best American based food in the quarter. Have not found better, just have to tell them to cook burger mediumPhenomenal hidden gem! Portions are HUGE but the food is so so good. One of our best meals in NOLA, if not the best.Delicious!!  We ordered delivery and got the chicken tenders and bacon Mac and cheese. It arrived early and totally exceeded our expectations!  If you're visiting NO and need a break from walking and the crowds this is what you need!Girlfriend and I ordered the chicken sandwich and wings. I thought the food was amazing, really flavorful and tasty. Service was also good (you order at the back but they bring it out for you), and the vibe was chill. Would definitely visit again!Walk past the bar and head to the back. Dont look at the menu. Order the beef and cheddar. You are welcome!The best Chicken Sandwich I have had in my whole life. Brussel Sprouts without the Bacon... fire!Less than zero. Guy forgot my order then said he almost died in the work area. WTf?  I live across the street and get that kind of service?  Not going back.Found this late one night when I was craving some good food but all the restaurants I wanted to try were already closed. 
As others have mentioned, it's in the back of the 700 Club (address is 700 Burgandy). The glass of club's front door has a scrawled note that says Fauborg Bistro is in the back but other than, no other signs. Just walk straight back and you'll come to an small room with a few 4-top tables with chairs and a TV on the wall. Walk up to door "window" and order. Place doesn't look exceptionally clean but I just chose to not look around too closely because I was really hungry and really wanted to try the food, lol. 
Appetizer:   Piggyback Fries - HUGE plate of fries covered in cheese, BBQ sauce (thin consistency & sweet, which is how I like it), homemade ranch dressing, scallions and pulled pork. Really really good but way too much for an appetizer for just 2 people. Can easily feed 6+ people as app or 2 people can share for main course.
Brussel Sprouts: Pan roasted with bacon (menu says fried lardons or something like that) and some type of sweet sauce. I liked these more than G but we both agreed they'd be better if pan fried (just to add a little crunch to the brussel sprouts).
Mac&Cheese Bites: 6 large pieces of cheese rolled in panko crumbs and fried - served with marinara sauce.  I didn't try these but G said they were good. 
Southern Chicken Sandwich: Fried chicken on bun (not a regular bun, not sure the type but it was good) with lettuce, house pickles and garlic mayo. Really really good. Chicken is moist and I think the pickles, which are sweet but not overly so, really add to the overall flavor of the sandwich. 
Overall, we really liked the food here. They sell sodas but no bottled water. You can buy alcohol at the bar. We ate at one of the tables because the club was playing some good music and we wanted to enjoy the food while it was hot.
As an added bonus, they deliver - we almost utilized this option but decided we wanted to check it out in person instead. However, definitely something to keep in my mind if you're staying at a hotel in the Quarter and don't feel like venturing out. 
Also, the later you order, the less of a chance you'll have to get some of the more popular items on menu. We ordered around 11 or 11 15 pm on a Thursday night and were told we got the last order of brussel sprouts and the last chicken sandwich. 
Happy Eating!The name of the bistro is on the door of the bar. Go in. Walk towards the left through the door. You'll see four bistro tables, a window to order food, and blocked off stairs. Congrats, you've found it!
We ordered two sandwiches - the catfish and the burger (around $10 each). Both were good. The catfish is well seasoned, a tad salty for me but my friend liked it! The burger was nice and juicy.
I'd recommend.Fried chicken sandwich was great until I found a piece of plastic in my food. Very gross, they gave me my money back. Manager never came out I guess I would be embarrassed and wouldn't want to show my face too.I got the cauliflower sandwich, the cheese did not go well with the vinegar in the cole slaw. It was also way too saucy. I would have liked to have seen more crunch with fresh cabbage and shaved carrots.If you like overly dressed up in mayo and so much cheese your arteries clog before you finish it, then you're going to love this place. Portions are huge. I did actually find a hair in my loaded fries too  - hate writing negative reviews...This is a super cute hole in the wall in the back of the 700 Club. We came here for a casual dining experience and bar snacks/food for dinner after eating way too much at lunch. We really enjoyed our time here! It's super casual, literally order food at the back, through a window/half door into the kitchen. You're given a number and the food is delivered to your table. We were sitting in the main area of the 700 Club where we got our drinks from. (We also really liked the 700 Club too by the way!)
Onto the food. As mentioned we weren't super hungry so didn't order any of the burgers everyone is raving about, but we did order the mac and cheese bites and the buffalo wings. The mac and cheese bites were delicious! It was exactly like a good mac and cheese made into bites - so good! The wings were really good too! The bf loves buffalo wings and these got his seal of approval. 
Overall, this place has a great vibe and great food. We'll come back next time we're in NOLA!Perfectly reasonable and unobjectionable dive bar that has fun Mac and cheese skillets and music videos, but I don't understand where all the five-star ratings come from. Did I order wrong? Maybe it's a neighborhood place for regulars and generally devoid of the more obnoxious tourists from a few blocks south? If so, I hope this so-so review deters foodie tourists like me from going out of their way to the more desolate part of the French Quarter lured by the rare five-star Yelp average.The catfish sandwich is amazing. Big juicy piece of fish, fried to perfection, with a nice crunch of cabbage and sauce with a slight kick. The fries are done very well, super crispy and delicious. The chicken sandwich and skillet mac n cheese were also real good, but the catfish splashed its way into a special place in my heart.  Quite affordable also. We strongly considered coming back for every single meal, but there are other good restaurants too I guess.One word!: awesome. The service is beyond great. Very friendly people. We came from California and we were not disappointed. The Mac and cheese bites are DELICIOUS. Definitely recommend.Absolutely amazing red beans and rice veggie burger! I had never seen this before on a menu and had to try it. Definitely worth it.Thanks for waiting 38 minutes...you know longer than our delivery estimate to let us know you aren't taking online orders. Next time try letting someone know within 15 minutes as most respectable businesses do.Just had the chicken sandwich which was decent. Also had the cheeseburger and that was really good. Got the fresh onion rings which were real tasty. Good size portions so you'll be full after.Do yourself a favor and get some pb&j wings and a Mac and Cheese Skillet. This place is a hidden gem!The peanut butter and jelly chicken wings will give you a psychedelic experience. Burger is A+ with extra points for the pretzel bun. Mac n cheese is the perfect pairing to the wings. Many extra points for playing music videos. Bar is pretty cool too.Awesome little place hidden inside the bar. Very cute. Cash only. Fresh and delicious. Amazing burgers and fries. Pub burger with egg on pretzel bun made my night! Friendly staff. 
Found it based on yelp reviews. Definitely a hidden gem. Went there on our first night in NOLA. Wish we could of gonna again but there's just so much to try while staying in NOLA. Solid performance tho. No surprises. Just damn good food!Great people, excellent food and the highest quality of service. I recommend for all occasionsVery pleasant surprise, needed a quick delicious dinner before going out. The convenience of this being inside a bar is amazing although it was a little hard to find. Not sure if it was because it was dark or because we were already tipsy...
PbbJ wings, no idea what it stands for but there were peanuts on them and they were gooood! Mac and cheese, fries, slaw, everything was great. Portions are just right, prices are affordable, in such a touristy city, this place felt a little off the beaten path in a good way. Loved it!A great find!  After wonderful Nola fine dining for a couple of days, we were looking for a great burger. Ended up ordering the chicken sandwich,( because it sounded delicious), Mac & Cheese and a order of fries to share between two of us. The sandwich was hand-dipped fried chicken and the pretzel bun was very fresh. We decided on the Mac & cheese as the acclaimed panko-costed bites were more than twice as expensive as the pan of Mac & cheese and we thought we were ordering less in content. However, the Mac was enough for 3-4 people and maybe the best I've ever eaten. 
The bar that you walk through to get to the 4 table restaurant, had wine on tap and several beers. Very pleasant wait to take our meal to the hotel. We didn't think the neighborhood was at all threatening. A little quieter and less lighting. It is in the "gay district" and felt safer than the crowds on Bourbon Street. Will go back next time we are in Nola.I visited New Orleans in May.  I got takeout twice from this place.  The PB Jelly Bacon wings are amazing! I also got the fried chicken sandwich with the garlic mayo which was also delicious.  I got the same thing both nights.  I would definitely order from here again if I were back in town.Ordered delivery from them twice during my 3 day stay in NOLA.  I had the cauliflower poboy and it was insanely good.  Delivery was quick and professional.  The food arrived hot and was delicious. Five stars!Good place for yummy junk food after a night of drinking!! Super cheap drinks! Bar tender was pretty great!!This place is AMAZING! We were here visiting and went to all the "popular" places...but this place blew them out of the water! It's just a couple blocks away from Bourbon St but totally worth the small walk. We just decided to order a few different things and share. We got the macaroni bites, chicken sandwich with onion rings, fish, and Brussels sprouts...yummy! Can't choose our favorite. Staff was so super friendly and helpful. The front does say 700 club...this place is in the back. No table service, you have to go to the window. Make sure you tip them at the window, they work so hard!Not the easiest to find- push your way through the crowded bar to find 3 small tables in the back. We ordered the mac & cheese bites (huge portion!), chicken sandwich and onion rings. Well worth the journey! Feeling pretty greasy right about now but the food was awesome! Highly recommend if you are looking for a fast, casual meal. Order the chicken sandwich!In the back of a dodgy bar, which is why we almost didn't go. The food however, was amazing and the chef is a great conversationalist. Make sure not to eat with your eyes; the portions are HUGE! Drinks in the conjoined bar were also cheap and good!Great small place. Little hole in the wall. Burgers and Mac & Cheese Bites are awesome!We had the pizza mac n cheese, po boy, and Brussel sprouts and bacon. The mac n cheese and po boy were great, but the bacon was thickly cut and was very fatty, which is not my favorite type of bacon.Delicious southern chicken Sandwhich and phenomenal brisket and cheese Sandwhich. The mac n cheeses was aslo spectacular. Will definitely return.This place was the food highlight of the trip.  It makes me sad because it's not traditional southern (New Orleans) style food, but it was good enough to beat out the other places I liked In the city.
The bartenders were nice.  It was quiet and a fun atmosphere.
It may not seem like your in the right place from all these great reviews, but you are.
You have to walk up to the actual kitchen (Dutch Door) to order, and you have to order drinks separately from bar.   It's dark, and nothing fancy.  However, it's good people and good food!
The skillet mac n cheese was excellent.
Burger was great.
Mac n cheese bites were great.
Chicken sandwich was great.Great food! I ordered a bistro burger and the Brussels sprouts. The burger is quite good. Everything from the pickle to patty all taste super fresh. What really amazes me is the Brussels sprouts. One of the best I have ever had. 
You order from the back kitchen which is a little confusing at first. But once you sit down with your ordering number, you can sit wherever you want and just enjoy yourself till the end.
One disappointment is that there is no easy to get water. You have to ask the cashier to get from the soda machine in the back kitchen. Might be a strategy to encourage more liquor purchase.This is a really friendly bar with a restaurant tucked into the back. The food is probably best described as bar food, but the do an awesome job. I tried a Mac and cheese bite, which was solid. I also had a a Fried Chicken Sandwich was was really juicy and flavorful, served on a brioche bun. Really awesome burgerWeird little off the beaten path joint. Food was nice, a bit of a wait. In the back of a club, order food at a door and they'll bring the food out to you. Very limited sitting, so share a table with strangers. That can be lots of fun in this city!Came to this place when looking for a place open to eat at 11pm.  Of course, in New Orleans there's quite a bit of bars and late night places to eat that are open, but I wanted to get something simple and quick.  Noticed Faubourg Bistro was open (Thank you Yelp!) and was pleasantly surprised.
Had the Southern Style Chicken burger, which was perfect for what I was looking for.  It's served on a pretzel bun and you can order mac & cheese bytes, fries, tater tots, or other sides to accompany it.  I got the tater tots and thought it was great.  The bistro is attached behind a bar, and you can bring the food in and order alcoholic beverages though they do have a couple of tables with brighter lights if you wish not to go into the bar to eat.  Either way, it's a great place to catch a late night snack or meal. Would recommend.Was looking for a good place to eat for our first night in town and was glad we stumbled upon this place. Was even able to find a veggie prion on a burger.1 star for the food I received and the initial experience, but 4 stars for how the manager followed up and tried to remedy the situation. A good manager goes a long way!! The following  was my review of the experience : Wow this was absolutely terrible! I'm so sad because I wanted it to be delicious. I ordered delivery and I was only 1/2 mile away. I should have walked to pick it up :/ they were 20 minutes late delivering it. When I called to check on the order because at that point it was 10 min late, a total of 55minutes at that point, they answered the phone told me to hold and put the phone down while they took orders for 8 more minutes never once coming back to the phone.  WTF kind of service is this! Then the delivery guy finally arrived at 1 hour and 5 minutes after I ordered. They forgot one side of mac and cheese, the catfish box was crushed and the food smashed. My frendch fries were literally cold, not even warm at all. The burger buns was so doggy on the bottom I couldn't eat it. And I tipped 20% in advance. 
The bright side the manager contacted me one hour after I sent a message through Yelp as I was trying to contact them. He was very apologetic and said he would refund my order that was messed up. I greatly appreciated his apology and quick response. Hopefully the food in the restaurant is as good as it looks.Soooo good. We split a burger and the pulled pork fries and both were amazing. The fries were really good. It's in the back of the 700 club, took us a sec to find it.This place is unbelievable. So ridiculously good. I definitely recommend the loaded fries, chicken sandwich, burger, and onion rings!! Amazing. Simply amazingI so enjoyed my Food I wanted to back but I left town.. this place is now on my list of great places to eat in the Big Easy.. I love the Burger and the Big Easy.Love the food and good service too. We had special chicken sandwich (not in the menu but we asked if they can make it we're glad they did), and mac and cheese bites. Everything is flavorful and very filling. 
One thing about this place is very tiny, limited seats, all the way at the back passed the bar. But you can take a seat by the bar and order food, they'll bring it to you.My friend and I stopped in for lunch on our first day in New Orleans! We both ordered burgers with fries and a side of Mac and cheese, the food was delicious and the gentleman that took our food order was very friendly! (Unfortunately we forgot his name) It was a great experience all around.Dude, this place has got to NOLA"s best kept secret! Did a search for casual food while running around the french quarter. The absolute best comfort food we ever had. The pb&j wings were incredible and the mac n chz was rich, creamy, and down right awesome! There's a bar in front... so we grabbed some drinks - super friendly staff, heavy handed af, and the drinks were well priced. Will be back to eat and party here for sure!!!The food here was great! Huge portions, quick service & friendly staff. The we're busy so we ended up eating at the bar and Tyler was fantastic. I had the Southern Chicken Sandwich and my wife had the 5 Cheese Mac n Cheese. We will definitely be back...great food, always hot when delivered. I love the burgers the most.If I could leave more stars I would. Seriously, so freaking good. Highly recommend the crawfish grilled cheese if they have it, their onion rings were phenomenal, and you haven't lived unless you've had their mac n cheese bites.I've had my eye on this bistro for a little minute... just waiting on the perfect moment to visit. Well an unexpected visit, allowed me to experience absolute greatness. When I tell yall EVERYTHING was AMAZING... honey, EVERYTHING was AMAZING!!! From the wedge salad with the moisture grilled chicken, to the piggyback fries. The brussel sprouts with the bacon fat and the 5 cheese, mac n cheese... it was all all so delightful. I highly recommend this place if your looking for a great meal and cool environment. I will be back to try the other items, that's a promise.Burgers were small, but definitely fulfilling. My friend had the bistro burger and I the catfish burger and a side order of the Mac and Cheese bits. Food was great, customer service could have been better; not very good at engaging conversation.The food I've eaten so far in Nola has been incredible, but I've been craving a simple burger. This little hole in the wall (or behind the wall, rather) completely threw me for a curve. The food was amazing, the staff was super friendly, and the bistro burger? Absolutely perfect. Not your typical vacation dinner spot, but the locals that were here ate all their food, too.Although it's hard to find because it's in the back of the 700 Club, this place is 100% worth a visit. For lunch, we split the chicken sandwich and the mac & cheese, and both were great! The chicken was tender and crispy, and the mac & cheese was creamy and delicious. It was noon on a weekday and the place was otherwise empty, but don't take that as a bad sign. It's a hidden treat!They weren't supposed to deliver to me because I was alittle out of the way but they did anyway !!!! Which was a big plus ! They were very friendly delivery was very quick and the driver was nice I believe his name was Josh . The food was PHENOMENAL I had a cheeseburger a chicken sandwich and the 5 cheese mac ! They are excellent I'd recommend this place to anyone !Went on a Thursday night. Nice neighborhood bar feel and the food was fresh and full of exciting flavor combinations.Delicious spot 2 blocks off of Bourbon Street.  Definitely a hidden gem for tourists as it is tucked away in the back room of a gay bar.  The bar is super friendly and kinda divey which is great.  The bistro in the back though was exactly what was needed.  Great good, prepped quickly, nice staff and great pricing.  I can happily recommend anything / everything especially with creole slaw.  The burgers are delicious and I got a catfish sandwich which left me wishing I'd ordered two.  Highly recommend if you're in the French quarter craving good food and no choas of Bourbon Street.Everything was delicious..Catfish sandwich was perfect..I just changed my condiments to the ones from the chicken sandwich..mac & cheese was great too..Found through Yelp!
I loved this fantastic place.  It was walking distance from our hotel so we decided to give it a try.  We tried the hamburger and it was simply delicious.Always the perfect addition to a fun night at the club.  It's not just that frozen stuff other places use.  They make the things themselves.
There a great bunch of people that enjoy making food you'll enjoy.  They even made a friend and myself a little nibbly tray even though we arrived at the club and they had closed up!  So very sweet of them to do.
Check them out (and the club), you will NOT be disappointed!  It's the places locals frequent and love.
UPDATE:
They are now delivering their delicious too your house in the Vieux Carré!This eatery is a hidden gem... literally.  Located in the back of a bar on Burgundy St., the fare here is delicious and inexpensive and worth every one of the five stars given. I ordered the Five Cheese Mac Skillet and added bacon. It was creamy and flavorful and cooked to crispy perfection. Hubby ordered Fish and Chips; two beautifully crisped and seasoned pieces of catfish with a side of slaw. I didn't taste his as I'm allergic to fish, but he raved about it and seeing as how he is a Brit and knows his fish and chips, I'd say it was pretty damn good!  The menu choices were amazing and it was hard to choose just one so you know we will be back to try more!This spot is awesome! The food was made from scratch and it tasted great! If you looking for a spot that is not that expensive and with great flavor well this is your place. The only reason I don't give it 5 starts is because it was hard to find.Tiny place in the back of a bar(700 Club). Worth the stop if you want something that feels more local than touristy. Burger is solid. But the Pizza MacNCheese was awesome. Little marinara at the bottom that sets it off. Great cheeses mixed with it. No smoking inside the bar which is nice. I'd want them to have a bigger burger selection.Amazing.  I was born and raised in New Orleans, worked in the French quarter, so you can trust this review.  
Don't be fooled.  This is not your average bar food.  We split a juicy burger, a creamy side of mac, and the most glorious peanut butter and jelly wings. 
Take 2 tylenols and drink a lot of water before you go to bed, or you will wake up from the peanut butter hangover I am experiencing now as I write this review from bed
After you eat here you will regret that your next meal wont be this goodLook.  It has been a long day of driving followed by a rather short evening of drinking and walking the dogs. My expectations were low to average concerning this restaurant because, to be honest, this place is super close to my home and I would settle for anything edible. Tasty is a privilege sometimes.
My friend ordered fish and chips while I got the chicken nachos. We waited with our dogs, paid a fair price, and left. When we got home and opened the boxes, we weren't immediately impressed. One box had two average looking fried fish pieces on top of some fries. The other box (mine) had a batch of chicken nachos that looked light on sauce. 
These proved to be textbook cases of "don't judge a book by its cover." 
My friend devoured her fish in record time.  She ate so quickly, in fact, that I did not get to taste it. Evidently, the filets were delicious. The chips underneath I did sample and ***WOW*** they are delicious! Perfectly seasoned, perfectly fried. 
My nachos were surprisingly amazing! The soft and lush flavor of the shredded chicken shines. The ingredients are fresh and so darn good that I kept eating until the nachos were gone. It has been quite a while since I have cleaned a plate like that.
In other words...hungry? You and a friend wanna eat for $25 or less total? Looking for something that will make you rethink "bar food"? Then come here. I will probably order something else tomorrow. Or the next time I can't bear the thought of cooking and I want something that is local, reasonably priced and damn good.We had the cat fish sandwich with siracha Cole slaw was out of this world.  We ate the Mac and cheese skillet and it was the best mac and cheese we have ever had .  Onion rings were fantastic  along with the spicy fries.  Atmosphere was great and the wall tv's with music  videos was great entertainment.    Going back againI booked marked this restaurant as a if we have time to go, boy am I glad I made the time   Was in NOLA for 4 days, ate at 10 places and I rate this the best,  walked in and felt welcomed,  went to the back to order and the cooks explained their menu,  they could have bumped the price up about 4 dollars but let us switch up a couple of things and it saved us money. The crowd was diverse which is why we love NOLA.Really good and affordable! I will definitely be back. A guy mentioned he ate there 2 times in 1 day I can see why!This place is actually just a window in the back of a gay bar.  No sign outside.  Walk in the bar on the corner and hang a left.   Also no women's room.  Two men's rooms.   Ha ha.  
Food was delicious though.   Would come back every day if I lived here.Visiting from the DC area and we were starving for late night food. This place was a godsend. We had the piggyback fries, mac and cheese bites, PB & J wings, southern style chicken sandwich, roast beef sandwich, mac and cheese skillet. Grab plenty of napkins and prepare to use your fingers. Seating was spare but we lucked out that a big party left right before our food started coming out. I will return the next time I'm in townI'm so glad I stumbled upon this place on yelp!
 My friend and I more particularly lazy on this day and decided on delivery.
What caught me eye was the pictures, because every day I was in New Orleans I craved red beans and rice so I decided to step outside the box.
Since it was our last day before we headed back home/started our diets we decided to go all in. My friend and I decided for an appetizer we'd split the (pepperoni) pizza mac & cheese, the brussel sprouts, and the piggyback fries. That mac & cheese was so good! I guess I didn't read the description because I didn't expect it to have the pizza sauce on the bottom and it had a good amount of cheese on the top looked just like a pizza it was so good! No calorie regrets The piggyback fries were delicious as well the fries were hand cut and seasoned well with pulled pork, bacon, cheddar sauce and homemade ranch on top. The brussels sprouts were a little too sweet for my liking but they were still good.
Since our eyes are bigger than our stomachs, we both got sandwiches as well I opted for the catfish sandwich which was absolutely delicious! Just the right amount of meat to complement the pretzel bun it came on, along with mayo, peppers, and siracha coleslaw. My friend got the southern chicken sandwich he said it was really good as well wasn't as dressed up as mine. But it had lettuce tomato and pickle I believe. I have to say finding this place was one of the highlights of my trip I can't wait to eat here again.I was anxious to try it. Got takeout. The Brussel sprouts were underwhelming. Not sure I'd go back.We ate the checked fingers with orings instead of fries and the pizza Mac and cheese. Every item was fantastic from the ranch (completely homemade from scratch) to the creamy tangy slaw to the pizza Mac and cheese behind not just a gimmick but truly great. The staff were super friendly. The place is small but not uncomfortable at all, just maybe different than you may expect. If you want comfort  food that's cooked with care over atmosphere, this is the spot.My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for his birthday and wanted to find a nice burger spot. And we came across this place on yelp. A hidden gem and absolutely delicious, the next time we're  in NOLA we  will definitely go back.We stumbled in here by accident and so glad we did. We Ordered chicken, fries, mac and cheese balls and catfish po boy. And everything was so well made, it is serious quality food coming from someone who really knows how to make well executed dishes. Hands down the best bar food in the area because it tastes nothing like bar food.  MUST GO TRY IT OUT!OMG the piggy back fries were the best loaded fries i have ever had!!!  And the mac and cheese bites were sooo good!!!Great Mac and cheese! And their bacon is some of the best bacon I've had! The burger was pretty good and so was the chicken sandwich!WOW!!!! Hole in the wall amazing restaurant. Don't let the order at the window put you off. This place is great! Mac & Cheese balls A Must!!!Ordered a burger through Postmates and it came pretty much raw. It was still cold in the center. Please note that I did NOT order this burger with instructions on how to cook it, so this is just how they made it. I even like a medium rare burger but this was raw and cold. We threw it away, which is just a shame because it was a $10 burger.This place is a hidden gem. Me and a friend were in NOLA for a week and this was by far the best meal we ate the whole time. Everything is prepared fresh and tastes delicious. Definitely a must check out place of you're looking for good food. The mac and cheese bites are amazingMy catfish was a great, it was hot, seasoned perfectly and crispy! Chicken sandwich was the same we loved the warm pretzel bun. We're hard to please when looking for great service & food however Faubourg Bistro exceeded our expectations. Perfect nightcap meal before crashing. I'll definitely return this joint.This little secret will surprise you. Located in the back of a busy club, Faubourg Bistro is serving up some of the best food you will find in NOLA. The Mac and cheese, burgers, loaded fries were all amazing. Can't wait to visit again next time.This is a bar that serves food. The food is amazing. 3 different sandwiches and they all were great. I recommend the chicken sandwich. Staff was extremely polite. What we didn't know was that you had to go through the bar to get to the restaurant and we were with kids.The mix of ambience and 5 star cuisine is fit for a prince but on a paupers budget. Truly royalty of New Orleans. A must stop in if you're in the area and they deliver too!!Amazing food!!! Had the chicken sandwich with fries and ranch dip (I'm a ranch snob and they're ranch was great) and the macaroni and cheese.  All fantastic, will definitely be back!!!Do not come to New Orleans without stopping by Faubourg! Happy hour is from 12-8. Delicious food, awesome atmosphere, great people.This place was slightly confusing since it's located in the back of The 700 Club but it was probably the best meal I had when I was in New Orleans. The cole slaw was DELICIOUS and that's saying something because cole slaw usually just makes me gag from looking at it. I got the chicken fingers and the Mac & Cheese bites. SO GOOD.  And the portions were huge. Next time I'm in NOLA I'll definitely be back!!My friends and I were looking for an inexpensive place to eat for our night out on the town and we found this on yelp! Located in the back of the 700 club, it's 4 small tables and table service to the bar I believe. Friendly guys who took the order and brought out food from the back window. The food was amazing!!! Great bang for your buck and if you're looking for great comfort/drinking/this is so guiltily good food this is it. I'd come back anytime I'm in the area.Oh lawd this food is AMAZING! We thought we were going to a bistro and actually ended up in an amazing bar! The bistro is in the back, order at a window, super fast service! We got the pulled pork fries, Mac and cheese and some of the best fried catfish we've ever had!! Great music and atmosphere at the 700 club and the bartenders are super friendly! Great place to stop in!!Amazing chicken and catfish sandwich great onion rings and awesome pop music vids... away from the madness of bourbon street. Seriously this place saved my life during Mardi Gras.Amazing!!!!   One of the best burgers I have ever eaten.  My wife loved the fish and chips and the Mac n cheese bites were heavenly!!!!  Not touristy at all.  It's in the back of the bar which adds an element of coolness!!!!   This place is amazing and I highly recommend.This place never disappoints, come in every weekend, we either get the wings or the Mac and cheese bites. Great snacks to during a game or before a night out! Will always be coming back for more!!New to the NOLA, I ordered in from the Holiday Inn Downtown-Superdome. I ordered the southern chicken sandwich (with pretzel bun), with sides of fries and Mac-n-cheese. The delivery was super quick, I don't even think a full 30mins past before I was called down to get my food. So 5-stars for speedy delivery, however my Mac-n-cheese has spilled in the bag, so all of my food was soggy, causing my experience to be a tad bit unfortunate (so I have to knock the rating down just a bit for presentation).
However, the food tastes AMAZING! The Mac-n-cheese sauce is more like a creamy thick gravy, from the little I actually tasted, it was so good! The chicken sandwich was so tasteful, down to the sweet tasting pickles on it. Good selection of the pretzel bun! The fries were regular tasting, nit really any special seasoning but they were fries none-the-less. 
Overall, it was a great start to the taste of the NOLA baby!The food is great. Much better quality and price than what we saw on Bourbon street. 
The loaded fries are excellent. We got them two nights in a row because they are that good.Amazing melt in your mouth!!!! Had the roast beef sandwich and it was delicious. My husband got the fried chicken sandwich, which was just as good.Yum. This is a tiny spot in the back of a bar, but don't let that deter you. We stopped in on a Tuesday afternoon and the place was empty. We placed our order at the window, and the gentleman at the counter told us to find a seat and he'd bring the food to us. We split the loaded fries and the fried chicken sandwich. Sounds pretty basic, right? Nope. Honestly, the fries were the best I've had in my life. Sounds crazy, but just try em! The chicken sandwich was put together in such a way that it didn't fall apart after one bite, or half the ingredients fall out. It was just perfect.Iiterally the only thing  wrong  with this place is one of the staff members. Was in here tonight and he was the most rude person I may have ever encountered. I placed my order and even left him a tip, he proceeded to speak to me and my friend like we were literal trash. He was more than happy to rub it in our face that they were out of about everything they had an hour and a half before they close. Idk, you had to be there to understand I think, just super sarcastic and mean. 5'8 blonde guy with shaggy hair. I wouldn't recommend going if he is working. If you do, don't expect southern hospitality. Great food but I don't think I'll ever go back.We picked this place via yelp simply because the photos of the food looked so good! Not only did the food live up to the photos but the taste was outstanding. The fish and chips were to die for. The staff was friendly as well. 12/10This is a little food window in the back of a dive bar. I don't say that in a mean way, just in a factual way. 
I had the mac and cheese skillet because it is frequently on lists of the best mac in Nola. Honestly, not my favorite. It was super hot and a good portion. Very creamy. However, nothing special in my opinion.Food was absolutely fantastic. Some of the best we had in NoLa. Service was excellent and fast. Very affordable, but delicious!Great double pork (pulled and bacon) fries.  Cold beer, good selection at great prices.  Will definitely be back.Had the chicken strips and thy were fantastic!  Tender, juicy & flavorful!
Def the place to go for some yard bird!Fried chicken sandwich may be the best I ever had. Like always, it's the hole in the wall spots that knock my socks off.Faubourg. Shall I say more?? 
The southern chicken sandwich was everything I didn't know I needed in my life!! The fries were amazing... while waiting our group was scared it wasn't gonna be enough (just like the efforts we put in our lives) but lo and behold it was more than enough?!!!
The taste? Amazing.
The service? Only the south's best!
Will we come back?? More like, will we ever leave!!!!Visiting from Houston and found this little place. Parking was the only downfall but the food made it so worth it. Everything was extremely delicious and we can't wait to come back!After a long day flying into NOLA in the 30 gazillion temperatures, and not being able to grab a bite to eat during the all-day travel, we were on our way to Faubourg before our bags hit the hotel floor. Perfect timing - plenty of tables, and no line. Lucky us. We ordered the burger, fried fish and mac & cheese. Fortunately the fries came with burger and fish. Oh, and a side of coleslaw. My opinion is that the true test of how good the restaurant's food will be (or in this case, a bistro) is  is how they do a simple burger. Wow is an understatement. It was by far, the best burger, anywhere. Anyone can grill a good burger, but the combo of the pretzel bun (which is soft, not hard and chewy - think brioche pretzel almost) with the perfectly cooked burger, not too large or small, and the gooey cheese with tomato, pickles (I like extra) and lettuce NOLA style (shredded) minus the onion (onion and I are not friends) makes for thoughts like, could I fit a 2nd one in, or should I come back a little later for another. The mac & cheese was gooey with a panko crusted top and big enough to share. The fries are one of a kind and I'm only sorry we couldn't eat them all. If you're traveling with people who expect the regular tourist fare, surprise them. This is what they will remember. Next time I get off the plane, this is the first place I'm going.It's a little hard to spot, but the food is amazing and very reasonably priced for the French Quarter.Good value mostly fried food. The piggy back fries were really tasty and large portions.