If I could give things 4.5 stars, this would be the place to merit it. Felipe's is close to perfect for me, but not quite there. I've never been 100% pleased at the downtown location, so I recommend you hit the original. I tend to swap between nachos and a quesadilla, but my go-to meat is always the al pastor (pork marinated in spices and pineapple and HEAVEN). It's amazing and a great compliment to fresh veggies and warm tortilla. The black beans are smoky and delicious and I recommend you sub shredded cabbage for lettuce for a nice change in flavor profiles. The chipotle sauce is a favorite as well. Just watch for the nickel-and-diming that can happen when you add things like sour cream and guac. It can add up quickly. Also, have the queso. It's warm and beer-y and delicious. If you're not in the mood for beer or a margarita, pair your meal with the Jamaica tea, sweetened hibiscus goodness. And lastly, sometimes I forgo the meat and stick just to the grilled vegetables, which are phenomenal, so if you're a vegetarian, this is a great spot for a cheap, delicious, filling meal.Great little burrito place just close to Tulane on the other side of Claiborne drive. It's kind of hidden back behind the main shopping center that you can see from the street.
Felipe's is something of a local chain in New Orleans; they have a handful of other locations as well so be aware if you're meeting people there. 
Burritos are available in two sizes, the regular and the 10" giant. The usual options of cheese, sour cream vegetables and a variety of meats are available. Certain addons like guacamole will incur an extra cost. The service is fast and efficient, the food is delicious. All locations feature a full bar.
The centerpiece and highlight of Felipe's is the salsa bar, a small selection of salsas and taco garnishes such as pickled onions, radishes and more are available. I personally tend to pile on the pickled onions, I swear I could eat the things just by themselves. 
The parking at this particular location leaves a little bit to be desired as it's a narrow, claustrophobic lot that can be a bit difficult to navigate. If you have a larger car might be better off parking on the street.Felipe's is great tasting and they work fast. I like it just as much as chipotle and similar places. My only issue is that I will typically order the same thing, and find inconsistencies in the quality from time to time.Build your own awesome burrito, yum yum. I usually get the chicken tinga which is a marinated chicken. way better than just chicken. cheap and very authentic tasting. usually crowded but that's good because they're good! try their queso and chips and the rice pudding (arroz con leche) along with whatever you get . both locations ROCK!Had this for lunch today on a whim. What great steak tacos! The pulled pork was just as good. 
The queso was good and the quacamole was great! The chips are the thinner style that I like too. I'll definitely be back when I'm around Uptown.Not only is the price right, the food is extremely fresh! The only downside is the cramped seating, but the $3 margarita's on Wednesday's more than make up for it. 2 fish taco's only set me back $6.50 so it definitely didn't break the bank. 
P.S. parking is a nightmare!Super yummy ingredients! It's one of those -you get to build your own burrito or quesadilla- deals.  
It is more on the greasy side when compared to Izzo's, but the frozen margaritas make you not care about the extra calories! Best frozens we have had in the city!Felipe's is great. I'll take this over Izzo's, Chipotle, or Qdoba. Why? Their meats - at least the Al Pastor and the Chipotle Chicken - are freaking awesome. Full of flavor, not the semi-bland grilled meats found elsewhere. 
I did look at the menu online before going the first time, given others' complaints about charging extra for random toppings. It's all clear on there. I *HATE* sour cream anyway, so I didn't ask for it, and thus didn't pay for it :)
Anyhow, fresh ingredients, super-filling food, and reasonably priced. For two super burritos, each with chips, guac, and a drink , plus a quesadilla for the kiddo, it was under $25.
They have a salsa bar too, which is awesome.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because parking and seating can be a challenge. We had to wait for a table on a Saturday during lunch. I'm sure the bar is an option as well, but not with a 3 yr old.Solid Mexican food for a very good price. Great spot for Tulane/Loyola students who are broke, and tired of the perpetual trips to the dining halls. I highly recommend getting a Margarita with a Super Burrito.Though it's not much more "authentic" than your average Taco Bell, it's literally the only place in town cheap and good enough to warrant a weekly visit.Felipe's is great. It's assembly line style, which I LOVE. It comes out quick and is always delicious.
They have burrito and super-burrito, which is great for when you're super duper hungry. This is my favorite location - I just really love it. Their chimichanga is GREAT - one of the best. All of their ingredients are fresh.
My favorite is the chicken tinga - it's spicy and zesty and yummy. It really is spicy though, so if you're sensitive, I'd try it first before ordering. The taco salad is also awesome.
I love their quesidilla - instead of folding into a crescent, they fold the sides in. They also have free fountain drink refills, and a side bar next to it. Their queso is also bomb - soooo good. It's my favorite queso in the city. 
If the front dining room is full, go towards the bathrooms and see if there's room in that room or on the back patio if the weather is nice. I LOVE the back patio!Delicious shrimp and fish tacos! Get them just as they come...except ask for flour tortillas. The food is so amazingly fresh! And oh my goodness, the bar menu is to die for. Everything is fresh squeezed and house made. I had a super friendly bartender who talked me into getting a Mexican Daisy. I never had Mezcal and I fell in Love. My boyfriend got the Top Shelf Margarita and enjoyed it very much. We watched her fresh squeeze the key limes and she added their homemade orange liqueur and agave nectar. So good! Will definitely be back!Felipe's taste like love and like home. It is the best place in the entire world. The prices are reasonable, the service is fast, and the food is perfection. The portions are well-suited to the American Appetite. The Margaritas, or "Margs," are out of this world. But be careful, they'll knock you on your socks or knock you out off your feet, or something. Splurge for the guacamole, and be sure to sample the variety of salsa that they offer for free at their salsa bar.
Love,
ArlyCame here with a group of 8 and we managed to fit at a picnic table on the patio.  I would not recommend trying to bring a group larger than that, as the dining room is very crowded.  
Wednesday is $3 margarita night!  I put together a delicious chicken tinga burrito for myself (rice, beans, cheese, chicken tinga, lettuce, pico de gallo, and sour cream) and a large queso dip to share with my friends.  I had to go back to the counter about half way through the dip to purchase another bag of chips because we ran out - I found this annoying. Fortunately, I didn't have to stand in the burrito line to purchase the chips.Felipes is by far my favorite fast mexican food in the city! Great margaritas and I absolutely love their shrimp quesadillas. The fresh salsas in the salsa bar are amazing as well :) Super fast and tasty!
I just wish they had more varied offerings and maybe some daily specials.They do it right here. from all the meat choices, to the churros, to the fresh veggies, to the Horchata this joint serves up some good food. Free refils also.I've been to Felipe's uptown and at the North Peters location in the French Quarter MANY times, sometimes with the wife for a date and sometimes with the kids for a family meal - it works for both.  We keep going back because we've never had a bad experience.  
I note that the French Quarter location isn't represented on Yelp, which is a pity, because it's a great place to duck in for a good meal in the quarter without having to wait as long behind an hours-long line of tourists, and because the quality is better than a lot of the tourist traps with their captive audiences. 
You know how you often sit down in a restaurant and start looking through the menu for that particular dish that is done the way YOU like it and includes all of YOUR favorite ingredients?  Part of the great fun of Felipe's is that you get to build your own dream meal.  
First: expectations.  Felipe's is counter service with seating.  This is not Commander's Palace, or even Chili's.
Second, but most importantly: FRESH INGREDIENTS!  I've always been able to count on super fresh ingredients across the board at Felipe's. Cilantro, jalapenos, you name it, always seems like it came out of the garden earlier in the day.
Third: flavor!  Because you're building your own, you can choose anywhere between mild and wild. I like my Mexican food with some fire, and Felipe's can really deliver. There's no shortage of fresh peppers if that's your game, and the fixin's bar really delivers with a variety of different hot sauces (at least half a dozen, from mild to fiery, from green to orange to red), and a terrific fresh cilantro/sweet onion pico that I just love. 
Fourth: good meat.  The steak is juicy, the carnitas flavorful, the chicken tender, and none of the meats have ever had a problem with gristle or the like.  Just solid and consistent quality.
Fifth: Price.  Because ... damn, that's a bargain.
Notes: The margaritas are solid, but nothing to write home about.  The service (remember, it's counter service) is solid as well.  The bar (uptown and in the Quarter) can be a bit slow at times, but not offensively so.
Little New Orleans tip o' the day - at Halloween, get to Felipe's for dinner about two hours before Krewe of Boo rolls, then stake out a spot to watch the parade on the sidewalk out front - the parade route runs right past Felipe's.  Now you've got easy bathroom access and a straight shot to margarita refills while you wait - and this is the sort of place where they don't mind if you brought your Jazz Fest chair to your table with you.
Felipe's is a niche - but within it's niche, it is at the top of the heap.My husband and I stopped here for dinner one night, hearing that it was a good, cheap place to eat.  He got the super burrito and I had tacos al pastor.  The food was fresh and delicious, and reasonably priced.  We're here for a week, and thinking of going again.I think my record for Felipe's visits in a week tops out around 4.  It's safe to say that I love this place.  What I love is Felipe's engages your creativity. Every time I go I have to try a new combination of the fresh and unique ingredients. The service is always wonderful, these guys can definitely roll a burrito.  The full bar is a nice touch, and their margaritas are outstanding; they offer a significant bang for your buck too. 
I'll echo a few other reviews and say that the parking is sometimes a little tight, but it's well worth it!I thought this place was okay until the time I found a long hair in my burrito... disgusting. That turned me off enough to the point where I'll probably never go back. When I did go here, I usually ordered burritos and added vegetables as an extra. Unfortunately, the veggies always tasted somewhat mushy in my burrito, and I think having zucchini and broccoli as part of the vegetable mix is just not the right choice for Mexican food. Also, the horchata was disappointing and the service wasn't that friendly.
 I would rather walk 2 hours to the one Chipotle in town for a cheaper and tastier burrito.By far the best burritos in the city!  I recommend it for sure.  Great beer variety as well.  Nice and quick service.  Prices are great as well!Why don't I come here more often? The weekday drink specials are awesome (indulged in Thursday $2.50 draft Dos Equis). Also, the margaritas are handmade with fresh lime juice, not neon yellow doom syrup. The food is yummy and well priced. AND they have one in Harvard Square, which I have been going to since college! I don't know why or how there is a chain between New Orleans and Boston, but there is.... I will say the Quarter version is an upgrade from Cambridge because they have a bar, just saying....This is just good food. The quesadillas are not your typical quesadillas, they are so much better. Also, the grilled veggies are quite awesome. When you don't feel like being too healthy or drowning yourself in grease...Felipe's is a great option.
ETA: I gave up meat for Lent....The vegetable burrito has saved my life!It's an assembly line burrito place. Nothing to write home about. OK, they do have a full bar. And they have options for burritos that your average Qdoba or Chipotle would never offer (chicken tinga, al pastor). But still, this is an assembly line burrito place. You line up, choose whether you want a burrito, a taco platter, or a quesadilla, and then you walk through as the staff loads up your giant flour tortilla with meat, rice, beans, cheese, salsa and optional stuff (jalapenos, onions, cilantro, sour cream, etc.). At the end of the line, you pay at the register. It's a tried-and-true formula for slightly higher-quality fast food, and Felipe's does a good job with the formula. I've only ever been to their uptown location for a quick lunch between classes, but I've never had an issue with their food. It's not going to win any awards, but at the end of the day what you need from a place like this is consistency, not greatness.I could live at Felipes. Luckily, I do live about 3 minutes away, so we go all the time. In law school, this was the go-to place for really any event, multiple times a week. Now being in the 'real world,' we still go quite regularly! My favorite is Tuesday $3.50 sangria days. I love when it's not as crowded as it gets on marg wednesdays and fridays. I only sit at the bar here, so seating can be an issue on busier nights. The bartenders there are all amazing and you get to know them really quickly. The specialty drinks there are all good too (obviously the margs are fantastic) -- e.g. the hurricane is great and not something most people order there! Food - awesome. The chips and queso will differ from time to time - sometimes the chips are crispier than others, but still can't go wrong. Nachos or quesadilla are my faves. And the veggies are really good if you don't do meat! And the steak is good too! I take everyone here, a must go!They're just as fast as crappy fast food.  It's a pleasant restaurant atmosphere.  And they're cheap and delicious.  Zero complaints.I got the veggie burrito and it was good, but nothing amazing. It had a lot of grilled veggies, cheese, rice, and beans. I added guac for extra. It was very much like chipotle, good food, not amazing, nothing special.I heart this place. My usual go-to is the carnitas nachos, but sometimes i change it up and get the plato with hard shell tacos. Cheese dip is decent and the frozen margaritas are the best in town. This place kicks Chipotle's butt big time. The quality is exceptional for the price and even when they are slammed, the lines never last that long.This has been my absolute favorite restraint since high school. It is somewhere I wind up constantly because the food is so good. The tortillas are amazing and queso is awesome! The burritos and chimichangas are my favorite but nachos are also delicious. We love the al pastor (pineapple soaked pork) in our burritos. Adding the sweet corn also puts it over the top! We usually make one a meal ( chips plus your choice of queso guac or pico and a drink ) and share it with our burritos. Sangria is very good also. Great for a night with friends or just a quick bite to grab on the go. Highly recommend!I recently moved to NOLA from Texas and have been in search of some good Mexican food. One of my classmates suggested this place. I checked out Yelp, and it seemed to have pretty decent reviews. 
My boyfriend and I met my classmate and her boyfriend on a Friday evening right at the dinner rush hour. I ordered a chimichanga. The selections for fillings were plentiful. They offer tinga chicken, carnitas, steak, and chorizo. They also had refried black and pinto beans, whole black and pinto beans, rice, veggies, salsas, sour cream, and guacamole. I opted for a chicken chimichanga. My boyfriend ordered the carnitas. I went to pay and noticed my burrito had not been fried (a chimichanga is a fried burrito for those that aren't familiar). I was given a very miffed "sorry" from the cashier and a look of "what do you want me to do about it?" Because it was so busy I just opted to eat the burrito. 
Now, I've had a lot of Mexican food in my life. I wasn't expecting the best burrito in the world, but I was expecting something that was at least flavorful. The burrito was quite possibly the worst I have ever had. The chicken wasn't seasoned, the beans were underdone (I ordered the whole black beans), the rice was crunchy, and the sour cream tasted more like sour cream "product."  My boyfriend's carnitas burrito was okay. The carnitas were tender, but extremely under seasoned. 
I have to say I probably won't be back. It's irritating when you don't get what you order and have no effort from staff to rectify the situation.  When what you do eat is under seasoned and bland it makes it even worse. I honestly can't understand how this restaurant has such high reviews. I can only assume it's from a bunch of people who've never had properly prepared Mexican inspired dishes.Good cheap bad Mexican food. Love it !!As a freshman at Tulane, Felipe's was a god-send. A quick walk off-campus, on the way to buy supplies for art classes, it was fantastic.
As a senior now, I find myself going back on about a bi-weekly basis. It's still delicious, still a student magnet. I've had the luxury now of exploring the city, so now I try to spread out my Mexican cravings fairly between my favorite places. Great queso, razor-thin-but-still-crispy chips. The chicken is hit or miss for me, though. Still, Felipe's is a winner.Filipe's is pretty good mexican food. It's cheap, it has decent parking, a full bar, and usually plenty of table space and a short wait to get your food. When I went to Tulane, this was the best easy eating option within walking distance. The only reason it gets so few stars is that I've just had better Mexican food in lots of different places. However, for cheap, quick, and easy, I'd absolutely go here time and again.I go here for my burrito fix. I hear that the one in the quarter has better food, but I live uptown and this is very convenient.
It's fast enough for me to stop by during my lunch break. Parking can be tricky during the busy hours, but I've been lucky every time I've been here.
I noticed that a reviewer said that they won't give you tap water, but I was just there last week and they were happy to give me a cup of tap water.I would eat here at least once a week if I lived nearby. You can customize your burrito or tacos so many ways it would never get boring. You can keep it healthy or load on the cheese. Love the hot sauces and toppings bar (including marinaded carrots, which from my weak understanding of what is real Mexican and what is not, might fall in the category of authentic).I am a very proud Texan and self-declared expert in Tex Mex/Mexican food, and I can say that Felipe's is the best "cheap" Mexican food in the city. Go for the carnitas, their best meat. Also, their various happy hour deals are nice, including $4/margs and sangria. They don't seem to know/care about food alergies, but I found it's simple enough to work around that.I've eaten here many times and they do have some good drink specials here.  The food here is generally simple and a good value like Mexican should be.  They don't have a lot of parking and this smaller location is popular so it can get challenging to park and a bit too crowded inside at times.  Overall its a decent place to grab a taco or burrito and have some drinks all for a good value.Subsequent visits this summer at various times have all been a breeze.Pretty reasonably priced, very tasty burritos/tacos.  I personally find it hard to avoid the shrimp super burrito, though I've had many of the items and they're very tasty.  They are pretty fast, which is good as there's often a line, but you'll get and eat your food fast (and cheaply).Oh Felipe's, how I adore you. 
This is a regular spot for me. So cheap, so fast, and so amazingly good. 
I had a little freak out this summer when I went twice in a week and they were closed. Then another freak out when the menu looked a little different after it reopened the next week. But the freak outs were unwarranted. Still really, really great food. 
Felipe's is my go-to for Mexican food. It's real Mexican, and real food, and real delicious. Its also great for groups, because you can all wonder in at different times, get food relatively quickly, and sit there for as long as you want and not feel like you're bothering anyone. 
Basically, go there. End of story.This is my definite favorite, when it comes to Uptown Mexican food.
There are a few reasons to like this restaurant:
1) Location.  It's located Uptown.  That means less traffic then downtown.  This Felipe's has it's own parking lot, so, depending on the time of day, you don't have to worry about street parking.
2) Good food.  The food here is consistently fresh, good, and of course, made to order.  I have never ordered anything here that I wasn't satisfied with.
3) Price.  It's cheap!  I had a burrito tonight, and it was 5 bucks!  With prices like that, you can mix and match.  Get a burrito, a couple of tacos, and a margarita and you will pay less than $20.  My date and I each got a burrito and two drinks each, last night.  The total bill was $35!  You can't beat that deal with a stick!
4) Service.  If you want to avoid the line, sit at the bar, get a drink, and order your meal from the bartender.  Just be sure to tip him or her well at the end of the night.
I always forget about this Felipe's and it's convenience, but I'm going to be sure to visit more in the future.Fast & inexpensive... with a full bar. Really what else do you want?  How about a self-serve bar with pickles & variety of salsas? Yeah that too.
Check out the daily drink specials for extra good deals.
Of course, you can customize your... burrito, tacos, tostada, whatever with the toppings of your choice.
And, yes, they still have really good ice.I keep coming back to this place. Their burritos and nachos are so addictive! I'm not too fond of their queso dip, they could change the recipe on that a bit. I love their margaritas! Period!
In order to communicate with them, I use my phone and I list the things I want in my burrito. It's a lot more effective than pointing. These workers aren't really exposed to deaf people much but they're quick learners. 
I keep coming back, and back...and back....A bit pricey -- a lot of add-ons can really get you in terms of the final bill -- this prevented a 5 star rating. Food is fresh and servers are very nice. It is a family favorite.  I had a complaint years ago, when I was charged for water, but apparently I was not the only 1 who compained, and the policy was reversed.Fresh ingredients....mmm. Guac was too spicy for me, and I lurrve guac so that was disappointing that I couldn't enjoy it. Beer was cold and delish. Chips were made fresh. Quiet neighborhood with Frost Top on one side and a wine bar on the other. Great find!Ordered a burrito and was pretty dissapointed.   I think a fast food Mexican place would be betterThe Carnitas is the best meat in my opinion. The chicken tinga is good. The steak is alright. Good guacamole. Great queso. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the slight inconsistencies with every server/burrito maker.I come here every week and the service is excellent. The food is consistently good, and the people are always sweet. Literally my food family, go here and enjoy yourself.For my dollar it's the best casual Mexican around.  I especially like their carnitas.Felipe's is a "quick burrito" place in the style of Izzo's, Chipotle, Q'Doba, etc.  
This would be 5 stars if the service was more friendly and if the prices for extra toppings weren't such a mystery.  It seems like many of these burrito places love hitting you with an extra dollar or two at the register if you put guac on something, which has come to be expected, but I'm pretty sure I've been charged extra for shredded cheese here, as well.  It also seems as though the employees have a "hurry up and get out of here" mentality.  
That being said, the food is excellent and the prices are fair.  I recommend the burritos (with choice of numerous meats or vegetarian).  I've liked the chicken tinga and fried fish burritos the most.  Also, the "Felipe's Special," which is chips with queso, guac, and salsa is a great side.  The tacos are good, too.  
I will continue to go back to Felipe's.  Probably my favorite burritos, and at a good price.One word to describe this place: Delicious! I have tried the chicken quesadilla which is delish! My other family members have tried the fish, shrimp, and chicken tacos and they love it! Another reason I love this place is because it"s really close to my school, so any time I get hungry after school, I can just go to Felipe's for a bite. Yum!Good burritos that can be customized anyway you want them at a reasonable price.  The only downside is the fact that the margarita on the rocks was unbearably bad the last time I had it.The food is very good and affordable. The young guys at the counter who make the dishes don't always listen and you may end up with ingredients that they think you should have though you didn't want them.Felipe's will forever be my "goto" Mexican spot in New Orleans. It's quick, cheap, and delicious! What more could a person want from a taqueria style joint? Their are 3 different locations and the quality of the food and attractive ambiance is equivalent in all three. If you ever have a craving for a burrito or nachos, look no further. This is the place for you. And to top it all off, their frozen margaritas are worth every penny.The Felipe's Taqueria's are among the best Mexican restaurants I have experienced.  The ingredient are fresh down to the salsa's.  Everything is grilled and not fried.  The customer can mix and match ingredients to order over a counter.  The atmosphere is casual and functional and welcoming.  The staff is patient, good-humored and helpful describing ingredients.  The customer can go fully vegetarian or  carnivorous.  You won't find the sugary sauces and limp,pale ingredients you find in most Mexican restaurants.  It is a joy to dine at any of the Felipe taquerias!Me and a few of my friends visited New Orleans for the first time last week. We were most excited to eat authentic Louisiana food, but found ourselves eating at Felipe's for 3 out of the four days that we were in NOLA! You could say we fell in LOVE. The employees were so friendly and the food was delicious. I really enjoyed the taco salad and super burrito. Both were very filling and yummy. I also tried the nachos with carnitas and it was so good! The overall environment was so welcoming and fun as well. On the other side of the restaurant was a bar so you could enjoy a refreshing margarita with your delicious Mexican meal. I wish we had a Felipe's in Maryland!!!So-so burritos, and they won't give you tap water. How in-gracious is that?Best fresh Margs in town and the service is excellent! Ask for Mary if your at the bar! She's the best!!! Love ya girlNo one beats Felipe's!! Fresh ingredients, great cocktails! Taco Tuesday is such a great deal!!! We go all the time and just cannot get enough!I like that this location is closer to my house uptown. I usually go to the one on carrollton but this is my new favorite because it isn't ever too packed and also they have a water station for customer access unlike the carrollton location. They also have the cilantro onion mix on the salsa bar. Also the brownies are heaven. Very gooey and tastes like brownie batterSpeaking of businesses getting better, New Orleans local version of Chipotle is really stepping up their game. Well seasoned meats, great cheeses and fresh veggies makes this place a winner. Also they do cheat you on portions here either. The biggest bang for you buck are the nachos which can come customized to your liking with two kinds of cheese toasted to stay crisp under an avalanche of toppings. Great to share and each person will be satisfied. Great place for you vegans also with a large selection of items.Felipe's is perfect for what it is: a laid-back, always poppin', relatively inexpensive taqueria.  The restaurant is build-your-own style (think Subway), which is great if you're not trying to sit down and wait for 45 minutes to rip into a burrito.  No worries though because the food is always fresh... just gotta be careful about all the add-ons jacking up the price of an otherwise cheap burrito.  Tip: if you're a first timer, check out the menu before ya head over there because they're not too fond of you staring at the menu overhead or your options in front of you for several seconds before ordering.  They're fast paced and expect you to be too. 
My favorite part about Felipe's: $3 margaritas on Wednesday and Friday! Talk about a great way to get through the week or to start your weekend! The ritas are strong and delicious, arguably the best frozens in the city.  
Parking and getting a table can be tricky during the height of lunch and dinner hour, but the back patio is a well kept secret that is perfect in the fall and springtime (not too hot, not too cold).Good cheap food. And they have pellet ice.Well we went here on a recommendation from a local here in New Orleans. They raved about the food. Well I do have to say that the chicken burrito that I got was pretty good. We have a ton of these burrito type places back in Virginia and this was way better. 
I do have to say that the pricing convention left me feeling a little uneasy. I got what I thought was a basic burrito and at the register they just kept adding additional charges to my bill. It ended up being too difficult to even question what the charges were for due to a huge language barrier with the staff. This language barrier seemed to appear right when I questioned how my burrito went up over $3 with extra charges. Kind of ironic....
With all that being said, I am still planning in going back and did really enjoy my burrito.Best. Burritos. Ever.  The chicken and steak are amazing, the other food is awesome, and I go here about once a week.  I simply have never had better Mexican food... anywhere.  It has an efficient assembly-line process and a great bar.This fast and authentic joint is my go-to on crammed days/nights.  The staff all speak Spanish, and are extra friendly if you attempt to order in Spanish.  The food is always fresh and the prices are unbeatable. I've been going here for 4 years and it's consistently good.  
I usually get a super burrito but the tacos are awesome and the guacamole is wonderful.Four stars, yes that about sums it up.  Felipe's is such a quick and easy meal, on occasion it's hard to pass up!
If you're looking for Ozzy then you've got the wrong place that's Chipotle and boy do I miss me some Chipotle.
So, if you do manage to make it over to Felipe's I really enjoy the super burrito, it comes with just about everything you can think of and bonus you could brush up on your Espanol while you're here too!!
If you're in a rush or just don't feel like cooking then go for it!Used to be five-star tier. The food* and bar staff are all still top notch. 
The last three times I've been there was a horrendously long line. This is speculation on my part but I think the problem is online / food delivery app orders. The restaurant gets inundated with these orders which take priority over the constantly replenished line of people waiting to order. I feel bad for the food crew, having to hustle so much. 
*protein portion size has occasionally been inconsistent with expectations. Double check for your burrito bowl's tortillas. 
**and personally I think if you only want rice or beans but not the other, you should be able to get double rice. or double beans. but that's a Felipe's at large issue. Not specific to the location.
Bottom line: It's Felipe's. It's great. But I'm hoping someone in charge reconsiders their mobile ordering operation soon.
edit: I've since been during a week day happy hour and afternoon on  a Saturday. Wasn't crowded or slow and the food was still great.This is the best place for cheap mexican food in New Orleans (or Cambridge!)
The chalupa is friggin ridiculous!  A fried burrito?!  Whoa.  
What makes Felipe's special is it's unabashed inexpensive food.  It's just cheap!  And it's pretty healthy and fresh, too -- depending on how much sour cream a guacamole you go for.
The meat choices are pretty extensive, save for my American ground beaf taco salad.  There is something for everyone at Felipe's.  The salsas are to die for...After moving to New Orleans this summer, we stopped into Felipe's to grab burritos for ourselves and the friends that helped us unload our giant U-haul.  The portions were good, the food was hot - I had no complaints. 
Since then, we've gone back a few times - less exhausted and more attentive to the menu & pricing.   A few of the men working the line are very pleasant and efficient, however some of them look downright miserable to be making your burrito.   Once I corrected the guy making my food after her put the wrong ingredients into my burrito, he angrily threw his spoon down and made me feel like it was MY fault that he made a mistake.  
By the time you get to the cash register, your $5 burrito now costs almost $10 - since you pay extra for guacamole and sour cream, even on their so-called "super" burrito.  What?! 
I guess I miss the taquerias of California, where the food was fresh, fast, and cheap.  If these guys want to charge what they do for a mediocre burrito, the least they could do is smile and pretend to give a little bit of customer service.If you're craving Mexican, this is the place to go! The grilled veggies will blow your mind. Everything is piping hot, fresh and the servers have gotten it down to a science.Solid Mexican place, considering it's in New Orleans. It's hard to impress me in this realm, as I was born and raised in California.
This place immediately reminded me of my favorite Mexican joint in Berkeley--same prep of tortillas and set-up of burrito fixings. I got the Carnitas, as that is always my judge of a good Mexican place. It was good, but not knock-me-off-my-seat good. I also would have liked the burrito a little crispier...it was pretty one-note in texture. Good tasting, but not challenging to the mouth. I did get the queso dip, which was pretty bomb. I could see myself drinking that stuff if the mood struck.
I got a margarita on the rocks, which was pretty good...again not terribly impressive. I did get this sangria + frozen margarita slushy thing (the bartender said the name but...I had already had a margarita or two so I didn't really hear). THAT was pretty bomb, so ask for it. I haven't seen anything like that before so try it out.
I want to go back to try the nachos...I saw several people get them and they looked really awesome--giant mountain of chips and everything.Good old honest Mexican food. Nothing fancy it flashy here, just your money's north and there's nothing wrong with that. Margaritas are pretty good, but not as strong as some I've had other places. I go back for the refried beans  and quesadillas though.This place is good. If you're drunk it's amazing and lets face it you're in close proximity to prime drinking spots.. you are probably intoxicated by the time you get here. It's fun , fast paced, you can customize your food kind of like a more authentic drunken Izzo's. Although I like this place better, but that could be the alcohol speaking of course. Have a quesadilla or a burrito and a drink of course!!Love this restaurant!! I always sit at the bar and the seasoned bartenders are the BEST! As for the new help... we'll he has a lot to learn and needs to keep his eyes upCheap. Fast. Fresh. Delicious. Fish tacos and Al Pastor are the best. The salsa bar is great. Love the skinny girl margaritas.Amazing tortilla soup! And the margaritas are pretty good too.
Also, I always sit at the bar-- like anywhere else --some bartenders are better than others.I'd say these burritos are much better than Juan's Flying as it isn't as greasy and it's fast. Doesn't have much of an atmosphere (at least the Uptown one) but their super burrito carnitas keep me coming back again and again.Tasty and plentiful, Felipe's is a place in the same vein as Izzo's or Chipotle. Pick your size burrito (or taco, etc), pick your meat, pick your fixin's. The flavors here are fantastic and service good. So why four stars? Because the pricing on the menu is a bit deceptive and a lot of the fixings cost an additional charge. I can understand guacamole, but charging for sour cream? Considering my typical taco/burrito is meat, sour cream, guacamole, and some kind of sauce you can see how the price can easily climb quickly.This is the best taquiera in the area.  I love the steak chimichanga, a deep fried burrito covered in queso..  The queso they cover it in is awesome.   The steak is never fatty and has an excellent grilled flavor.  I also get the steak plato.  I think it is a better deal than getting tacos because you get a lot of rice and beans and all the fixing plus some tortillas for about the price of two tacos. You can add a drink chips and queso to your order for a couple of bucks.
The churros are delicious too. Terrill them you want one when you first order.Felipe's is a restaurant I often end up at late at night. It's pretty cheap and I really like that you can choose ingredients in a way similar to Chipotle. My favorite is their chimichanga, because it's an excuse to cover my burrito in excess amounts of their signature white queso.Let me start out by saying that my rating of 2 stars is based entirely on service.  The food is reliable enough that even with the awful customer service I still visit Felipe's at least once a week. 
I used to get the veggie burrito, but, like others have pointed out, my $6 menu item would still end up costing around $9 by the time I checked out.  Strike #1: Why don't they provide an itemized receipt?  I guess it's so they can hide the upcharges they've snuck in to your cost.  Can you please just be more forthcoming about what you're charging me for?  Usually the woman at the register and the man who's slopped your burrito together will whisper to each other about the ingredients, and if you try to butt in to let them know that you, in fact, did NOT order guacamole you get a stern look, and for all I know, you still get charged for it.  I order the same thing every time and can never anticipate how much it'll cost this time.
I don't know if the staff is trained to be rude or if it's part of the hiring criteria.  I've stood in line, had someone take my order, watched them make a to-go order instead, been ignored for 5 minutes, then had them return to me, ask my order again, and then act annoyed with me because I'm not fast enough for them.  Strike #2: Can you please try to hide your disdain for the customer, even just tone it down a tiny bit? It's not that everyone here is rude.  There's usually one person in the process who will smile or be pleasant.  It's usually just 75% of the people involved.
I guess I'll keep returning until I figure out a Strike #3.  I just hope someone is listening/reading, because I like your food okay, and I like the idea of supporting your business.  But I don't want to be made to feel like a chump or like I'm in trouble each time I visit your restaurant.  Please.  Hello?  Someone fix this!  Until then I'll stick to ordering rice and beans only, because so far that's the only thing that seems to cost what it says on the menu.Felipe's is my go-to place for fast, inexpensive burritos. The ingredients are always fresh, and while I've never been when there wasn't a line - it moves quickly. Very limited parking. Worth the logisitical hassle for the quality of the food and price point.Best Mexican food in Nola, hands down. I have been a regular (like most college students in the area) for the last 5 years. They never let me down and are consistent in flavor and experience.A great place to go for a quick and cheap dinner or lunch.  Most of everything on the menu is good.  Be careful of what you add to your dish as it raises the price.  Be sure to try the churros, my favorite thing on the menu!How is something so delicious so cheap?! Quesadilla with the spicy chicken thing and the cinnamon pork - YES. Mezcal sunrise w/ cinnamon - wow. Customer service - absolutely terrible, hence one star off.This place is a good spot to grab a big lunch for cheap.  I liked the taco tortillas, the grilled veggies were surprisingly good and they even chopped them up so I got more than two stalks of broccoli or zucchini per taco.
I'd skip the chips and salsa because the chips are a little anemic, undersalted and greasy.  Everything else was good, though.  Having two lines (faster service) and a parking lot make this a much more convenient location than their French Quarter spot.Best mexican food I have been able to find in NOLA so far. The carnitas are very good, the ingredients are fresh, the drink selection is exactly what I would hope for and their myriad salsa choices are tasty.   I'll admit that the atmosphere is a little cheesy, but who cares when you can get a tasty margarita for 3 bucks?!
I have yet to try it, but I am also very excited to see that they have horchata!I'm not sure if Felipe's has improved, or if my standards for what is "good Mexican food" have dropped in the two+ years that I have been away from California.
Either way, I needed to do an update and give Felipe's a thumbs up. (Would give 4.5 stars if I could.)
Salsas are still great (albeit too watery sometimes), the burritos always leave me full and satisfied, and the margaritas are strong and delicious. The cooks, cashiers, and bartender (Fabian) are all awesome.
I wish they would have a healthier seafood option, both the shrimp and fish are battered and deep fried. Grilled marinated shrimp please?I came here and tried their super burrito. Great price & the carnitas was ridiculously tasty. Far better than ones I've tried at other burrito places back at home like chipotle.In my opinion this place is delicious. The food is simple, fresh, and good quality. I got a shrimp taco here, and the shrimp were plump and definately local! I also like the fact that there is a bar that serves strong, tasty margaritas! This restaurant isn't fancy, nor is it trying to be so it works out just fine. My only complaint is that the staff preparing your food have a tendency to make the customer feel a little rushed. To remedy this I suggest you know exactly what you want before you get in line to order.I'm no stranger to Chipotle, Baja Fresh, Q'doba, and their ilk.
And let's face it, this place has some problems:
1) There are frequent language barriers. There's usually a little English, a little Spanish, and some pointing involved throughout the process.
2) The up-charges for certain items aren't well spelled out. If you're a new-comer you may very well feel "nickel and dimed" for your precious burrito.
3) Parking is a nightmare at peak times.The shared parking lot with Elio's Wine Warehouse only makes matters worse. Don't get me wrong, I love both of these places, but so do a lot of other people and there's only so much parking to go around.
And in the end -- deal with it. Pray to dear God that your car will fit in that all-too-narrow parking spot/crevice, surf your way through the inevitable crowd of college kids, and fumble down the assembly line. Pay whatever the final cost turns out to be.
It's worth it.Food is very good and well priced.  Line moves fairly slowly so not good if in a hurry.  Also feel like I need to fight with the servers to make sure my order is just right.  But overall very worth going to.I recently ordered with the app and had a problem with the food. The manager emailed me back and fixed the problem fast. Love the food, and highly recommend the app.THIS IS THE BEST FELIPE'S AROUND HANDS DOWN!
I didn't even really realize this one was here until I got fed up with the Mid-City location. The Carrollton location sucks. Never consistent these days.
I tried this one and was impressed from day 1. I eat here about once a week now, and I would never even DREAM about going back to the Carrolton location.
This Felipe's is always consistent. Always good. Always fresh. Always polite. Always stocked. Always clean. Always produces a good food product. Thank you.
Added bonus at this location is a seating area to the rear of the restaurant if you don't really feel like being around people and a great patio in the front AND back of the place! Outdoor seating at this location is more pleasant a bit more quiet than the other locations. Very pleased.
Since I have been coming to this one instead of the others, I have not a single thing to complain about, hence the 5 star rating. PLEASE keep up the good service and the good food!I'm updating my review of Felipe's because they have significantly improved their service in the past year. Food is still delicious and reliable! And the customer-facing employees are considerate and friendly! I'm so glad to see this change and am happy to continue giving them my money in exchange for all the veggie burritos!BOMB ASS BURRITOS!! This place is the best burrito place in new orleans IMO. The meat and toppings are on point and they are quick. My only complains are that the tortillas are a little sticky and they charge 1.00 for sour cream, cheese, guac etc. which drives the price up a bit. Other than that the place is off the hook. Chorizo is my favorite meat and the tacos are also some of the best tacos I've had. Period. Good job feline's!Quick, reasonable prices and yummy food with wide selection. Got quesadilla, rice, limonada and a churro.Not sure who invented the margarita but I sure know who perfected it.  Theirs are the best you will find anywhere.  Food is good, nothing to write home about but it's cheap, fresh and consistent.  Live this place!I go at least 3 times a week at minimum, that's how great the food is. Their food and staff are very authentic. Everything is fresh. Need to work on your Spanish? They'll be happy to practice with you when you order! Love love love my shrimp burrito! Be sure to get the Felipe's combo, drink & chips w/ dip, for extra $3 with your entree!Good and cheap, made fresh, think assembly line style like the old kokopelli's that was nearby. The guys scoopin yer food may have some attitude, I look past that because Im watching them fix my food, for the most part, it's super cheap and good food.
I had a Super Burriot Carnitas(pulled pork) for only $4.50.YUM! Best burrito I've had since leaving Texas! If you're from TX and miss Freebirds check out this place! Their beans are vegetarian which is great news for all the other kosher-lite people out there like me. Full bar on the side as well.Used to be one of my favorites, but I am tired of the terrible attitude and poor customer service.  I went once recently, and the person who made my order added the wrong ingredient.  I didn't make a big deal about it, but I was then charged for the extra ingredient that I hadn't asked for in the first place.  Instead of just taking the extra charge off of my order, I received a lot of attitude, and my order was remade with the original item just left sitting there.  I then went this week, and I was told that I couldn't get tap water with my order.  I also agree with the other comments that they are getting skimpier and skimpier with the ingredients, especially the meat.  I did send an e-mail in an attempt to remedy my dissatisfaction, and no one even bothered to respond to my e-mail.  I guess I will be taking my business somewhere else.Felipe's borrows from the build-your-meal-behind-a-counter model of similar restaurants like Chipotle, making it a pretty quick and relatively cheap meal. Felipe's is a far cry from Chipotle, but will fulfill cravings for decent, authentic Mexican food.
Over many visits, I've discovered that the quality and quantity of the food can be inconsistent, but everything is generally good. I usually order a super burrito, for the extra cheese, filled with steak or chicken (thighs, if you must know, and I believe this lends a touch of authenticity to the menu). The carnitas are also pretty good, though a bit on the greasy/fatty side. Felipe's no longer offers its version of Chipotle's burrito bol, but I used to like to order that as well. Entree plates are available. 
Be careful when you order menu items with shrimp or veggies as the main attraction, as portions for these tend to be really small. Chips are good, though the queso is subpar. The salsa bar is excellent, with many delicious options for you to try, each as authentic as the next.
Perhaps the best thing about Felipe's, though, is the special on margaritas (can't recall the day at this time, though I want to say it's Wednesdays), with a huge pitcher for $11. Bring a couple friends, and get there early to snag parking and a table.It was delicious tacos i enjoyed!!!!! Service was quick food was fresh and yummy!!! I do think it one of the best taco joint ive been toSome of the best value for food in all of Nola.
Felipe's follows the highly popular Chipotle fast casual choose-your-burrito-fillers checkout model but THE FOOD HAS FLAVOR.
Every potential burrito stuffed item is seasoned very well, and most of the non-burrito items, such as nachos, tacos, taco bowls, etc. are great value as well.
Go with the Chicken Tynga in your burrito over the classic Chicken. Chicken Tyna = shredded chicken soaking in a spicy chipotle seasoned sauce that is delicious. The queso and guacamole are as good as you'll find anywhere.Pros:
1) Reasonable prices, as long as you stay away from add-ons
2) Big plus on the steamed tortilla
3) Excellent salsas de habenero and verde
Cons:
1) Black Beans are frequently undercooked, and always underspiced.
2) Some salsas, particularly the Chile de Arbol, are exceedingly watery.
3) Chips are not free. Really?
4) Sour cream is of the WinnDixie variety, rather than real Mexican crema. Come on...
Fix those 4 and, for me at least, the stars move from 3 to 4 or 5, and become a somewhat acceptable replacement for a California burrito!!
lolWe love Felipes'!  All their meats are cooked fresh, the staff is friendly...and they have the best frozen Margaritas in town.  (they actually make their own mix fresh).Update: After I left my review the Owner contacted, and sent a gift card for the money I had used during my last order. He was extremely apologetic and willing to do anything to make the situation right. He even gave me the option to call him before I return so that he could personally walk me through my order to make sure everything is up to the standards I've come to expect from Felipe's.
This sort of due diligence and courtesy is commendable, and Felipe's should be proud to have an owner that puts in work, even in less than pleasant circumstances arise.Look, the food won't blow you away, but the price will. Decent CHEAP Mexican food and decent bar. The frozen margaritas are strong and will put a hurting on you the next morning, but overall this is a pretty good little joint supported mostly by students from nearby Loyola and Tulane. You get what you pay for, and here you may get a bit more than that.I'm from California and have high standards for Mexican food. Felipes is delicious. I've eaten maybe 3/4 of the menu and its all been good, never disappoints. They could give you larger portions but what they lack in quantity they make up in quality.Mmmmm burritos. In the same mold as Chipotle, Moes, and Izzos this is another make it yourself Burrito/taco place.
What sets this place apart first is that they have a bar...............WIN
2nd they have much more options than any other place, and honestly their food tastes better. Also having Abita Root Beer in the bottle will always get a good review from me.Consistency is the word of the day. This is always a good place to go for a quick bite and a good, cold drink. Their queso is pretty darn tasty. This location has a pretty small dining area so it's not the best spot for larger groups. I love the fried shrimp Baja tacos..always fresh and hot. 3 of them are more than enough to satisfy.Felipe's is a weekly go-to spot for us. It is a very casual restaurant where you order from a line and seat yourself. The food is good and fresh. The frozen margaritas go down easy. Our neighbor tended bar at the downtown location and told us that they're made with fresh, simple ingredients - no mixes here. The hardest part of the experience is finding a seat!Felipe's is a perfect lunch spot. The staff was very nice and welcoming. The food is very fresh. I usually get a bowl with beans & veggies but I decided to get a corn tortilla taco with beans and veggies. Perfect for vegetarians!I agree with Chad C.'s review below.   Watch the cashier like a hawk - she'll charge you left and right for extras and she even charged me for someone else in line that wasn't with me.  If using a credit card, they have a $10 minimum.  The food is standard cheap Mexican food and good for a quick late night bite.Good enough. I like Felipe's, and I go there more than I should, but I really wish it was a bit better!
In terms of bang-for-the-buck, it's really good, but that's mostly because of the restaurant's low prices.
I'm a fan of their super burrito. It offers a generous portion of everything you want on it, and they have 3-5 different varieties of beans from which you can choose. Their quesadilla is disappointing. Ultimately, it's basically their burrito without rice or beans. Their plato (burrito sans tortilla on a plate) is really good and allows you to choose from all the burrito fillings. They also have a pepper bar that offers good selection.
The ambiance is okay. It's a bit upscale for fast food place (which is what it is) but a bit cramped for a sit down restaurant.
My biggest gripe might be their service. It's so much slower than it should be (typical of New Orleans!). They often have two lines open, but they usually have two problems: (1) the workers are just not fast enough and (2) the servery is arranged inefficiently (the order should be tortilla, rice/beans, meat/vegetables, salsa/fillings so the meal can travel down the line; however, it's tortilla, salsa/fillings, meat/vegetables, rice/beans).
They have good outside seating (a hidden patio in the back and a new patio in the front).
They do have good drink specials each night.
Overall, I go to this place, because it's good enough and lacks local competition, but it makes me want a Chipotle or better burrito place every time I visit.ordered takeout from here and while originally the order was incorrect they worked with me to fix it and the food was greatThe absolute best "DIY" burrito/Mexican place, period. Incredibly cheap, and incredibly delicious. The super-burrito can be yours for little more than $5!
The ingredients are fresh, service is quick, prices are great. A favorite place of Tulane students.It was okay, there nothing necessarily bad but I don't think i would go back. I ordered a burrito, I thought it was a bit small. I think i prefer Chipotle burritos. The service was good and the food was too I just don't love the place.Felipe's is great, if you like the assembly line burrito/nacho/quesadilla type joint. I, for one, prefer actual restaurants rather than this style. Felipe's is my favorite place to eat in this realm of dining, though. And for one reason. The pickled onions. That's right, delicious little pieces of pickled heaven. They offer them on the condiment/salsa bar as well, so you can have as much as you like! They truly are worth the trip alone. The bar and bartender are great as well. The margaritas are on point and the ginger ale is made in house. 
Now the main gripe everyone has about these types of restaurant, you have to know exactly how you want your order before you order it. The menu isn't exactly conducive to this, you kind of just have to know what they offer already. The process seems very rushed and a lot of things get lost in the fast pace nature of it all. Still, Felipe's is worth the trip.Do I really even need to say it. With the lack of Chipotle in New Orleans, this is the only game in town, and it doesn't disappoint. The meat and the toppings are all great, and there are just enough extras to not overwhelm you. 
The meat is clearly good, as they chop it to put in the burritto right in front of you.
Add to that 2 for 1 margaritas on Wednesday and you cant go wrong.Average and quick. nothing spectacular though. Personally I much rather Asada which is right around the cornerMoe's, Chipotle, Salsarita's and Qdoba will do in a pinch, but why would I ever want to go there if I can get myself to Felipe's?  First, I could get a corn tortilla--wait, I could get a DOUBLE corn tortilla--just like a real taqueria.  I get sick of having to settle for the flour tortilla at all of those other places.  Second, the meat was phenomenal.  I had an al pastor taco and a chorizo taco today.  Add to that the availability of a pork tamale, and it was freaking fantastic lunch.  Do recognize that the tamale is from a quick-service establishment and don't compare it to a tamale made fresh in some tiny Mexican village.  Great food and efficient service.  I'll be back again on my next trip to New Orleans.Solid spot for lunch. Not fancy, not great. But good. They fresh-squeeze juices for their fabulous drinks.For the quesadilla, they melt mozzarella cheese then add your fillings vs the burrito has no melted cheese and thats the main difference and maybe the addition of beans in the burrito.  We first fell in love with felipes when they had a booth at the audubon zoo one weekend.  But our visits never stood up to our first experience.   I find it rather bland. And of course you can douse it in hot sauce but whatever. The dessert menu says all homemade, well Ive made better flan out of a jello box then the crap they are selling.   The best things on the menu is the white queso and the flavored tea and milk.YES! YES! YES! Hands down THE BEST margaritas in New Orleans!!!! My sister and I visit Felipe's weekly to enjoy delicious food and drinks!!! Bar tenders are great and the atmosphere is laid back!This place is either affiliated with or a complete ripoff of Anna's Taquerias in Boston, which is to say, aweome.  Literally, the complete Anna's menu is accounted for and identical at Felipe's - all ingredients prepared exactly the same way.  Felipe's does have additional menu items not available at Anna's like queso, and has a bar.  Also - free refills and takes credit cards.  All in all, a great find.Felipe's is one of those places I have heard good things about, but never been able to try. I am either not in the area, or have plans somewhere else.
Fortunately for me, a friend recommended we stop here before a show.
Felipe's is a casual Mexican restaurant. Prices are extremely reasonable, and the food is very good.
We sat at the bar so we could order from the bartender and have drinks while we waited. This seems to be the way to go. 
I had a super burrito with carnitas (slow cooked pork). The burrito was very large and only around five bucks. It was well worth it. It could have benefited from some hot sauce, but it was still very good.
I tried some of my friend's queso and was very impressed. In fact, it would be a great accompaniment to any order.
I am not a big fan of tequila or margaritas, but theirs was good. They also get extra points from me for having Negra Modello and for not serving it with a lime. Lime and beer are not compatible. If you have to have a lime with your beer you are either a pretty girl or shouldn't be drinking beer.
I really liked Felipe's. I may have to go out of my way to come here more often.Victoria hands down the most friendly and responsive bar tender I have ever had. I give her a 10... A TEN!!!Chad is right.  It can be cheap, but watch out for what you add to that super burrito.  I would give this 3 and 1/2 stars.  It is like a slightly better version of Chipotle, with more variety, less money (if you follow the above warning), and they sell 40's.  Oh, and their burritos aren't crazy awkward to eat.STEVE is the best employee he went out of his way to make my dinner great. Shout out to Steve keep it upI usually come here with my friends to reflect on our weekend adventures on Wednesdays....$3 margaritas!!!! The food is inexpensive so it's great if you're a college student or just trying to save money. And the food is pretty good too considering the prices. Be careful though because they sometimes charge you extra for certain things (like guacamole) which can definitely up the price by a lot.
Make sure you know exactly what you want before you order. It's like an assembly line and there is also a language barrier so knowing what you want helps ease the process a little better. I usually get their burrito. It's AMAZING!
I also really like their margaritas. I think they're better than Superior Grill's and a lot cheaper (atleast on Wednesdays).
Parking can sometimes be an issue depending on what time you come. It also can get really crowded in their so if you plan on eating there, you may have to wait for a table to open up.
I will defintiely come back here again.Felipe's has become my second home with Victoria as it's AMAZING hostess that not only remembers my drink but will also go out of her way to greet me and find me a place at the bar every time I come! The food is great, but it's the service has me begging for more!The food here is great! I mean fresh ingredients everything is made to order subway style. I have no complaints about food quality. I will complain however about value. I've never once been to Felipe's where I felt like " Hey, what a great value !"  I don't care how fresh the ingredients are by the time you're done you're going to spend over $10-$12 on your meal, And that's before you even sit at a table. 
The service is fairly quick, but the whole experience is a kin to the "Soup Nazi" episode on Seinfeld. You better know what you're getting before you get up to the line or you'll be sorry. It truly is one of the most stressful food ordering experiences I've ever had, and I go quite often because you really can't get that type of Tex Mex anywhere else.
They dole out sides in pre-measured containers like you're at the hospital. And they even have signs over the fountain drinks that say they're watching you so that you don't take a water cup and try to get soda. 
So in conclusion, it's not the friendliest place , it's not the most value you'll ever get for your dollar, but the food is fantastic! So I recommend it with just a few reservations.If you like the idea of chipotle but hate how chipotle just tastes weird, look no further. The burritos and queso (!!!) are my favorites, but I've been known to get their tacos and burrito bowls also. The food is flavorful, there's a large variety of sauces like guacamolillo (my personal favorite), salsa verde, etc. 
They've raised their prices quite a bit in the past couple of years, so now the prices are about on par with chipotle, but it's okay, because it's still a relatively good bang for your buck. The food is the most consistently good at this location than any other in the city. Occasionally I am there and the number of college-aged young men wearing Tulane apparel in line is astounding, but the line usually moves quickly. A favorite spot since my college days.Felipe's knows how to do burritos.. way better than Chipotle in my opinion. But the same type concept. Made to order and you dress it as you like. My favorite is by far the carnitas. They also do chicken and chorizo really well also. Add the guac for a little more.. it's definitely worth it.
Plus their margs are strong.. so you can't really go wrong. 
The staff is really friendly, and they're quick. If you're looking for somewhere to get a delicious and fast burrito, this is it.Better then Izzios. Better then Juans. Not better then Chipotle.
Cheap, fast, and employees don't speak English. Reminds me of Mexico already.Shoutout to Gabriella for the friendly service EVERY SINGLE TIME. 
Homemade limeade is DELICIOUS as is queso. 
Maybe change up the salsa on the salsa bar from time to time. Hasn't changed since restaurant opened. 
Bring back barbicoa!The best location. Victoria took care of us, truly the greatest! Perfect margaritas, the nachos were on point too.I'm a fan of Felipe's. It's fast casual Mexican with a handful of options. I've never gotten anything except the carnitas burrito. Here's my recipe: with cheese (duh), carnitas, rice, black beans, guac, sour cream, red and green sauce. Sometimes I'll add the grilled veggies when I'm feeling randy. For me the foundation of the Felipe's burrito is the steamed shell and cheese. This lays the groundwork for some serious eats. 
I always try and tell the burrito artist to get me the juicy pork pieces. Usually, they have no idea what I'm talking about. I like a wet pork for the burrito so it doesn't get too dry. 
Service is quick and friendly. Rarely do I dine in but when I have, no trouble getting a table. I hate sitting in the back room. Totally different ambiance. Feels cut off from the action.Cheap, fast, awesome. Very fresh!  Delightful discovery - especially for lunch!I had a heart attack and Victoria the bartender resuscitated me back to life. She gave me mouth to mouth and I woke up thinking I died and was in heaven. Love her! Love life!Got Take out. 
Got the burrito with carnitas. Its an okay burrito, nothing too exciting. Okay price. quick service and friendly staff. Alot of toppings are extra so make sure to check the menu so you dont have any unexpected surprises when you pay the bill.Food is on point 1000000%. Joan is an amazing bartender. Get the nachos and put everything on them!Not as quick as I expected it to be - the cashier prioritized to go orders before customers in the restaurant, but I understand that is likely due to their large to go volume during Covid. Food wasn't bad, but certainly wasn't thrilling.Update: The guy that replied to my review never actually contacted me other than the what you see from him here.This place had 4 stars on yelp and im not quite sure why. Food was bland and the menu is approx 11 items. No fish tacos to my disappointment so I settled for a steak burrito. The meat was bland and it cost an extra dollar to get cheese on it. Guacamole was also extra so i opted out. I got chips and queso and salsa on the side. The queso was also bland but the salsa was fresh and tasty. Not the worst Mexican I have ever had but certainly not the best. Not a place i would purposely seek out to return to.I have tired both Chipotle and Felipe's and I honestly have to say I don't agree with those who think Chipotle is superior. Chipotle's burrito is not bad at all, I have to say their burrito size alone is very attractive. However, I found that Felipe's burrito is much more tastier and it has much more variates of food selections. Felipe's carnitas is much more juicier than Chipotle's.
Too bad I like 20 minutes away from Felipe's, this is def. a cool spot to eat when you are on a budget!!!Food is fresh and tastes just as good as Chipotle, if not better.  The prices are pretty high for NOLA, however, and the employees look miserable, as if they are working in a sweatshop.  Don't expect any indications of customer appreciation from them.The best Steak Burrito / all the add on ingredients are so fresh.
Bad side: always crowded, the line is so slow.Overpriced. The food is good, but the place is too cramped for my taste. Also, you cannot leave an honest review without the manager attacking you if you don't like something. That's a reason to never go back!I think everyone in New Orleans has the same complaint that it is hard to find good mexican food. Felipe's is about as good as it gets in New Orleans. 
They have a lot of different food options, and you order in a sort of assembly type format and they make it right in front of you. It tends to be busy a lot, but the lines always moves pretty fast. 
I'd avoid the nachos because the chips they use are very thin and tend to break under the weight of toppings.This maybe the closest option for Mexicali food in all of NOLA. My go-to is the chorizo super burrito with extra cilantro. I am always stuffed and wanting a food nap afterward.
Those margaritas aren't bad, but they didn't knock my socks off. I'll order a little more upscale next time, as all the ingredients are muy fresh!I'm a fan. Better than burgers and consistently good/better than what you would make at home for yourself. Their queso and chips are a solid fave. Nachos are great. Fish tacos are great. We usually get dinner and a pair of veggie quesadillas for lunch the following day because REAL GRILLED VEGGIES! None of that sad onion pepper crap.Felipe's is by far one of my favorite food stops in the city. Their ingredients are always fresh, high quality, and flavorful (something that is often missing from other Mexican chains). 
My favorites are the nachos and burritos. Don't miss the grilled veggies in whatever you get, they're to die for!Excellent service. The best Felipe's in NOLA. Midcity should take notes. Chef and Victoria are the best.ATTENTION: All the bad reviews are LIES. Or people that hate their lives and themselves. As a local, Felipe's is one of the few places I know serves quality food. It's good every single time, everyone I know loves it. No matter the location, the consistency is on point!!! Love love LOOOVEEE Felipe'sFelipe, such a good standard in NOLA Mexican cuisine.
Now, I'm not going to gush on and on because although golf, Felipe is not great.
But none the less, if you are looking for a good Mexican pace for a bunch of friends where everyone is going to leave full and happy, Felipe's is your go to place.If you're tied for Chipotle or don't have one around please visit this establishment!! Excellent foodI have been here a few times, and will probably go here again just because of the convenience of being able to "make" a burrito and take it to my home close by. My boyfriend refuses to go here ever again, and with good reason. 
The food is not terrible. The toppings bar is a nice feature. The horchata is despicable. I love that they have jarritos. The service is different every time I come, but generally apathetic. The language barrier is an issue when some of them are not patient enough to understand your order. I one time had them throw my tortilla onto a dirty towel and proceed to make a burrito out of it. They have also forgotten parts of my order on multiple occasions. My boyfriend hates that they are skimpy with the meat, and have a surcharge for everything. Certainly not worth going out of your way to eat here, but passable when it's convenient.Felipe's is a great place to eat whether you're taking your time or going for a quick bite. The kitchen is fast paced, but the workers are sure to get your orders correct. What I love most is that the food is authentic and fresh.Fresh, fast food where you can choose the ingredients. I tried the soft tacos: carnitas ( sweet and tasty), chicken and steak with refritos and pico de gallo, cilantro. Also a margarita. Very goodMalik and Sarmaria were both very friendly today ! I hope one of them gets that cruise !The Miro st Felipe's is my favorite location! 
Phase took my order and was AMAZINGLY accommodating to all the special add ons i request. 
Will be back again! :)
I always order the Tortilla soup with corn, pico, jalapeos & cabbage added. 
Very tasty indeed :)
Love going to this location to order my food and sit at the bar. The drinks always do their job and there are always drink specials.Awesome and quick mexican food. Great service by very friendly servers especially Steve. Better than Chipotle.Today was Cinco de Mayo, during the strange times of the pandemic. An overwhelming amount of people showed up for curb side service. You guys did a great job keeping it together and keeping it delicious. Thank you for the hard work. Great job guysOne of my regular neighborhood lunch places.  I usually get 3 tacos, one al pastor, one charbroiled chicken and the other I rotate.  I've tried all the meats and they are all damn fine, but I agree with the majority, the al pastor is the tastiest.
The queso is pretty good, but the chips are hit or miss.  Today they were stale.  Yuck!  That's why you get 4 stars, Felipes.
It's cafeteria style, so know what ya want before you get in line!  
They carry Abita rootbeer and Mexican Coke!
They have their own parking lot, (or share one with a liquor store) but it's very narrow so watch out for pedestrians and cars pulling out.Just left here, I ordered my food online. It was ready when I got there which was good. But the customer service sucked. The girl at the register was not friendly at all. At times she looked very confused. Parking was horrible. If your not in walking distance of this place it's not inviting at all. Will never go backThis restaurant is amazing! My family is visiting New Orleans from Virginia, so we are accustomed to Moe's and Chipotle. This restaurant is sort of like Moe's and Chipotle, only cheaper and better! I got a carnitas burrito. It was really good because the server put cheese on the tortilla and then melted it, which tasted very good, as opposed to just putting it on top. It was also really cool because she took the chunks of pork from a bowl and then chopped it up right in front of me, which was fun to watch. My mom got veggie tacos, and she chopped those up in front of us as well! 
They also had a salsa and toppings bar, which was nice. The salsas are all pretty spicy though. They did have a cilantro and onions mix, which was really good!
The only downside was that it was a really long wait to order our food, but that was partly our fault because we went at lunch rush hour. 
I definitely recommend this place!These guys really know how to keep it together when the going gets rough! A+++ on customer service on an absolutely INSANE Cinco de MayoMalik is always kind and polite. He is the nicest person me and my fianc have ever been served by here. Always a positive attitude. He makes sure you have your food the way you want without feeling like your rushed like many other Felipe's workers tend to have done in our experience.I can't believe I've never reviewed Felipe's!!  It's a staple in Uptown affordable dining.  Always delicious, occasionally too crowded to get into, and seldom disappointing.  To be fair, for the past 10 years or so I've gotten just a chicken burrito or super burrito, turned into a combo with chips, queso, and a drink.  Recently, I've started branching out and I've not been disappointed.  I've tried the plate, chimichanga, and nachos.  All friggin amazing.  I will say I was a little underwhelmed by the chimi, but to be fair, I got it to go.  The nachos can't be beat and are a steal for the amount of food you receive.  Don't forget to hit the little toppings bar next to the drink machine.  The pickled onions and carrots are to die for, and the chipoltle salsa is divine.Love this place! Service and food always top notch! Shouts to Gabriella! Hope you get that vacation!I don't understand if Felipe's is an EOE..why do they tray the Americans like crap..I've seen how the manager interact with other employees and he really treats the only few Americans like crap...A step up from fast food, this is a speedy build- your-own Mexican Fiesta. The food is good, the tables are small and the restaurant is usually packed. There's a nice outdoor patio that is dimly lit and a good alternative to the noisy interior. I haven't yet ventured to the bar as it's separate from the dining experience. Personally, I would rather have the service of a restaurant wait staff but my friends love this place.Excellent service. The best Felipe's in NOLA. Midcity should take notes. Chef and Victoria are the best. 
Here again 9/4/19. Victoria and Lawrence are putting on a clinic. The owner should put the other Felipe's on notice...this is how you do it.Amazing food and a great staff. One of my faves. Great to dine in or to go. 
Phase and Zamkea rock!!Pictured below is the order we received today from Felipe's via Postmates. This was supposed to be 2 steak tacos, 3 Baja tacos, and a taco salad grand total with delivery fee $54.00. I first reached out to postmates then I contacted the manager at Felipe's. Jason was completely unaccountable for the food that was provided and repeatedly told me that he was not responsible for the food once it was picked up for delivery. He then proceeded to tell me that the driver must have messed with the food. In light of our current situation this comment from Jason was terrifying. He then told me that he could remake my order, that I would have to come get it and that I would have to pay full price!! Shame on y'all! Will not return and encourage others to consider the danger that these delivery services carry.I always have an amazing experience here! I love the chorizo nachos  today my girl Phase made my experience even better than expected! I recommend to everyone looking for a quick Mexican meal!This place is unreal. Delicious, inexpensive, high-quality, quickly-prepared Mexican food. Doesn't get much better than this. I usually get the tacos or a super burrito, but I'm sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They have great queso, and you definitely have to investigate some of the delicious drinks at the bar. Start with the margaritas, but definitely delve deeper.This is hands down the best Mexican food in Nola. Not to mention it's inexpensive and has friendly staff too. Steve and his team do stellar work too, 5 stars!Felipes is my go to fast mexican place! Everything here is very well priced and easy to take away fast or dine in with their outdoor seating, or grab a margarita and dine in at the bar. 
Seriously addicted to felipe's burritos! I put chicken tinga in mine, salsa rojo, verde, and baja sauce..... magic!! Upgrading to a super burrito is totally worth the deal too, it's so big! Add a side of guacamole and chips and you're set. They're queso is so tasty and unique too- however people with gluten allergies beware- it's made with beer!Looking for a quick lunch spot? This could be your place! The service was super fast and their employee was really nice. The location isn't the best because parking is horrible and small. The food was okay in my opinion. You build your own burrito, bowl, salad, or quesadilla, so there's a decent amount of options for you. I decided to build a bowl with barbacoa beef, rice, corn, cilantro, onions, corn, and Mexican cheese topped with their hot sauce. The flavors were all there! The meat was well cooked. You could tell they put a lot of effort into the seasoning. The additional toppings were fresh. You don't really get much of that in a fast pace restaurant anymore, so I appreciate the quality I was given. The only complaint I have is the portion size. I would've liked more for what I paid for. The restaurant has a fiesta feel to it, which I adore. Overall, I think I will be back!Food is awesome.  Bartenders are SLOWEST EVER AND EXTREMELY RUDE.   I have had a terrible experience trying to get a drink from the bar on the last 3 occasions. They are always out of everything (curious with a liquor store across the parking lot). 
The rudeness and inability to get what you want after the long wait pretty much sours the meal.The food and service are great at the French Quarter and S. Miro locations. But it seems the food in the Carrollton location lacks the authentic Mexican flavor. 
Overrall quick and inexpensive. Frozen margaritas are delightful.We enjoyed a nice Mexican take-out meal at Felipe's down the street I had the pork tamale delicious and the chicken flautas with sour cream guacamole they were very  good and my husband had the 10 inch Burritos and it was huge and plenty to eat
Very nice staff and we had margaritas and a beer to go perfect meal and not very pricey.We absolutely love Felipes! This is our preferred location because the staff is always so much nicer! The GM Jorge gave my 2 year old a churro and my son was sooo happy! He chatted with us a bit and is just a great manager. And where there's a great manager, there are great employees.I think it is decent for what it is, which is mildly good Mexican-American food.  I noticed lately that they changed the sour cream to stuff that comes out of a bottle. It is not the same when you are enjoying nachos or a burrito. I wish they would change that back because it has lowered the quality of the food overall. In addition, they need to train more consistent staff that are able to dish out consistent-sized servings each time I come there. Some even forget the ingredients to some common dishes when you say "everything it comes with".Best place to get tacos or burritos in the city. Fast casual with quick service. Highly recommend it.This is my 3rd Felipe's to review, my "hangover cure spot", though it's definitely the first one I ever went to, of the three that I've reviewed. As I've said before, my go-to is the carnitas (shreddded pork) quesadilla which is more like a flat burrito than your typical half moon quesadilla. Super OCD about that, and I love it! The ingredients are fresh, the meat is tasty without being too seasoned, and I love their little side bar with pickled onions, key limes, and various salsas.  
They are incredibly fast with service at this one, and I can get out of there in 5 minutes on a slow day, maybe 15 on a busy one. There is plenty of seating in two different rooms, and a little patio area. They also have a bar, that I have yet to sit at, but it seems pretty cool as well. 
My only qualms with this location is the parking is sometimes limited, and for some reason they are very stingy with napkins. This doesn't help when they've just cleaned the salsa station and I'm making a mess, and can't clean it up 'cause I have no napkins. I am a napkin junkie, and use more than the average person, so I'd heart some napkin dispensers. 
Definitely worth noshing when you're looking for fast Mexican food in the college area of town.Look. Sure they're having problems with the AC at the moment, but why blame the staff for it? It's not their fault. The fact is they're working through the heat and they're still upbeat and very friendly, especially the bartenders (Victoria and Lexi). They've been nice even though it's warm, making sure all customers at the bar are being taken care of. The kitchen staff are doing their best, making sure that everything is well-made and consistent all throughout. Sure, we're all frustrated with the lack of AC, but the conversations we have with our fellow patrons and the bartenders make up for it. The lack of AC is a temporary thing, and will definitely be fixed soon (fingers crossed); you won't see me trashing the place on Yelp just because of a minor inconvenience. It's not like they're serving warm drinks or anything. They're trying and making the best of it, and for that I'll keep coming back.I think my string of experiences may have been bad luck. I went back a couple more times after writing my reviews, and everything seemed to be back to normal. Pours were better, portions improved, and service was quicker. 
The manager reached out to me and genuinely seemed to want to improve my experience and understand my complaints.
While I still am frustrated by the online orders seeming to get priority over in-store customers, the experience here hopefully should not be like those few disappointing experiences I had a few months ago.My coworker bestie and I are staying in Uptown for the week and saw nearby Felipe's wasn't a far walk from us. We're here now for our second time for lunch after coming in for dinner Thursday night. Victoria is so chill to talk to, really makes you feel like you're talking to a good friend. She gave us some suggestions while we're here to check out too. Definitely will always be back whenever we're in town again to see her again.This place was awesome ! Everyone was so great ! They recommended food and drinks here . The food was delicious and so were the margaritas !!WOW. Nachos for DAZEEEE. Victoria not only gave us exceptional service but served us TEA and MARGS. As in SIS HAD THE INFO on all things nola and food. What a homie! She was better than the NACHOS.Felipe's is the perfect lunch spot or even quick dinner spot. Personally, I'm a bigger fan of Chipotle for a couple reasons: the portion sizes are bigger, the staff is much friendlier, and their guacamole is unbeatable. 
Felipe's hits the spot though! That being said, there are a couple things I don't like here that I don't order. The guac here is totally average, as is the watered down pico. Aside from that, Felipe's makes some top-notch burritos. The way they melt the cheese here is a game changer. The carnitas are super flavorful and I like that their corn is warm unlike Chipotle. The best part has to be the refried beans option. 
I eat here twice a week post workout and it is great every time. If you want a solid burrito, here's my order fellow Yelpers: super burrito with cheese, corn, rice, refried black beans, *FRESH AVOCADO* (Yes, they have sliced avocado if you ask!), sour cream. That's it! I know I know, super simple. But, hit up the salsa bar and top it off with sweet chipotle onions and chipotle salsa and you got yourself a burrito!Felipe's is really close to my job, so this has been my happy hour place since 2017. What I enjoy is the quick service, and Felipe's has great margaritas. 
I usually get a vegetarian nachos or a vegetarian burrito to go with my margarita. I love chilling with my friends on the back patio have a long day at work. 
Since the lockdown, this has  been the place where I've gotten my Mexican food fix. My other favorite has a limited menu, but Felipe's has been operating with a full menu with takeout and delivery. In addition, the customer service is still awesome.The most awful place I've ever been. The employees are rude, and everything is over charged. You are charged for everything that you place on your food, even the items not listed as an extra item. They even charge you for a napkin if you ask for it. They try to take advantage of their college student customers. In surprised at how many stars this place has. The food isn't that great either. If you're looking or great food you should go to taqueria corona, they also provide a great customer experience as well.I've been here in the past and went on Thursday pretty late.  Close to closing.  The food was sub par.  I had four tacos and chips and salsa, the chips were stale the salsa ok. 
Service = terrible. 
After I got the tacos I came back in to get a margarita to because I realized that any attempt to "enjoy" this sober would be a dubious one at best. 
I stood at the bar for about 8 minutes with no service.  I stood there flipping my debit card in the air  making direct eye contact with the bar tender and she just blankly stared at me.  I should probably mention I verbally asked twice to get a drink to no avail. 
After realizing I wanted a drink she took my order but somehow got my order for one margarita and the couple next to me order for two margaritas mixed up.  How?  I'm not sure I thought I was on some frustration hidden camera show. 
Also the margarita was pretty weak just like the food.
Honestly the food was pretty bland like in the middle.  I would expect this kind of Mexican food in Iowa or some location with limited access to Mexican cuisine. 
There's a Taco Bell .27 miles down the road.  I'm definitely going there instead, why ? = the food taste as expected, the chips aren't stale and when I'm at the counter they actually take my order.