Noooooo. Just no. Spent forever in line for really really sub par food. The regular size of queso is literally a condiment cup like at a fast food restaurant- the small is actually the size of a cap you would take cough medicine in- I'm not kidding. Quesadillas are made from damp tortillas with a one big ol' slice of cheese slightly melted in the middle. I asked for a little bit of rice with my quesadilla and I kid you not, they probably gave me ten grains. There is a reason it's so dang cheap. Although coveted by Tulane freshmen for its accessibility from campus, cheap eats, and late hours, it is not meant for anyone who is 1. Sober or 2. Has any tastebuds. Tried to give it one last chance before graduating and it just reminded me why I've avoided it for four years- HARD PASS. If you're looking for cheap eats in this area, walk over like a block to Mid-City Pizza uptown and grab a slice or go around the corner to Bayou Hot Wings. Just don't eat here- your stomach will thank you.Vegetarian super burrito with Pico, sour cream, and cilantro is the bomb. Best healthy mask on the run in mid city.Felipe's offers deliciously fresh and authentic Mexican food. Their nachos as well as their giant burritos are sure to please. The ordering process is streamlined by utilizing a walk up counter where you can observe the various options to add to your meal. An assortment of traditional Mexican beverages are also available. I really like how affordable their prices are compared to the food quality. You can get stuffed for under $10 per person. There is also a bar available if you want a beer or margarita. I'll definitely be back.Yeah, they just opened, and they're probably finding out what works and doesn't work for the new location, but I don't understand all the Felipe's hate.  I went on Labor Day evening, and although it was very crowded we got through the line fast and everyone behind the counter was really efficient.  
Felipe's is tasty, cheap, and amazing!  My favorites are the quesadilla which is basically a cheese-lined burrito and the burrito turned chimichanga.  If you've never gotten the burrito and turned it into a chimichanga, do so now, it will change your Felipe's experience!  They take your burrito, you can do the super or the regular, drop it in the deep-fryer, and then smother it in queso.  This location doesn't have the chimichanga on the menu, but my friend asked for it and they made it for him anyway.  My favorite meat options are by far the Carnitas or the Al Pastor.
The menu is slightly different from the other locations, and while some of the burritos and quesadillas are slightly pricier, the price includes several add-ons, such as sour cream, lettuce, and more cilantro, which is extra at the other locations, not to mention that the tax is included in the price, so what you see on the board is what you pay for!  You can walk out of here with a heavy, Carnitas filled burrito dolled up with extra Jalapenos, carrot, and pickled onions at the salsa bar all for under $6.  My favorite location is still the downtown one, but at night, this one does have some pretty nice outdoor seating.Had a hankering for south of the border style food and ventured over to Felipe's.  Tried a burrito filled with cheese, pico de gallo salsa, sliced jalapenos, refried beans and chopped steak.    The burrito wrap had a sort of rubbery texture.  This was my first visit to this establishment, so it was more of a fact finding mission.  Overall, the experience was productive.  I now know which sauces to to select, for example, neither the habanero or the chipotle sauces were too very hot and the melted cheese has a light flavor.  I'll definitely need to explore more of their menu options in order to find something more to my liking, as I tend to prefer more bold flavors.I love Felipe's food.  My rating is so low because i tried to place a a togo oder. I tried the website. after 2 minutes of hearing everything they offer at all locations. I don't need to know what is going on in the quarter. I tried to order online.   You cant place an order unless you're a member.  Is this a secret club or a restaurant?  So I called to place an order.  she says hold on and sets the phone down. 5 minutes later I hung up! ordered from another restaurant that actually has people answer the phone! Ordered picked up 10 minutes later  and ready to eatGreat new place and great atmosphere.
 This new location is pretty much what you can expect from any Felipe's restaurant anywhere else. 
We decided to go there during dinner time and the place was almost full which is always a good indication of how good the food is.Ok, but not good. Very disappointed. Ambiance was lacking and service on the bar side was poor.Al pastor is the best meat. I always get both green sauces and the habanero salsa. also, their pickled veggie bar is legit. May not be totally consistent but always totally delicious.I love Felipe's! I like the Carrolton location so much better the FQ! Chimichangas and margaritas are my favorite!Queso dip = heavenly!! The service at the bar is great, Liz the bartender is super awesome & provides great recommendations. 
I had the 2 taco deal, one grilled chicken & one steak and they were amazing. 
They also have great daily specials & the white sangria will change your life! Did I mention that they also give you a to go cup?!?!  I'm a happy customer!Way better location than the French Quarter one. Parking galore (which you don't have to pay for) and outdoor seating. 
I ALWAYS sit at the bar when I go and they ALWAYS have an awesome, friendly bartender behind the bar. 
The queso with the chorizo mixed in with chips is just my go to thing along with a frozen margarita. Service is always speedy, drinks are always strong, and you meet some pretty cool people just sitting around the bar talking. 
Thanks for not being a snob in the small Mexican restaurant population that we have in NOLA Felipe's! You're appreciated!The best Mexican food I ever ate hands down. Whatever you get from here you will not be disappointed I promise you that.Wish we had these in Texas!  Great atmosphere. Great service. Fantastic burritos! Grilled veggies are the game changer! Stop here!Food is good but the service is sooooooooo slow compared to the Uptown location. All I want is for the service to be faster. No reason for there to be only one line open during lunch hour, I spent half that hour waiting for my quesadilla that only takes 5 minutes to make.This location has very poor customer service. They don't understand English very well and mess up orders because they can't read the ticket. I had to watch them bicker about what a ticket said while my husband and I waited for over 10 minutes to be serviced. We finally just walked out without receiving our food. We drove 30 minutes just to eat Felipe's only to receive nothing.I went to Felipe's and the server refuse to cook my meat well done. I cannot eat medium rare due to a special diet that I have to folllow. I walked away since I felt the server/manager behaved rude. I was goung tk purchase a total of 5 meals. I contacted Felipe' corporate to file a complaint and have not heard from the company. I took my business to Juan's Flying Burrito. The service there was excellent! I will not be going back to Felipe's.I enjoy the food but rarely enjoy the general demeanor and friendliness of the staff, also I notice terrible sanitary practices by employees serving food.  Things like not changing gloves after handling the phone, doorknobs and other things.  Generally very gross and dangerous for customers, this turned me away and now I visit the location on Miro which has a dirtier building but cleaner and friendlier employees.Ashleigh is the best! We had great service even though the bar was packed. I like that she can do all the crazy great cocktails but also can nail all the tried and true drinks like the house margaritas. We had a group of 7 and we all just had the greatest time. Food is always amazing at Felipe's. It can get a little packed but if you don't have a chip on your shoulder and don't mind a gentle nudge then you'll have a great time even if it's at capacity. But hey Pinkberry is right next door tooParking is a B here. I always park in the grocery and I have to fight the little old ladies who are getting groceries to get my Mexican. Other than that, the food is delish! This location is more convenient  than the downtown location and you can get in and out pretty quickly.Not impressed with this location.  The carnitas is bland and dry and the overall quality isn't consistent with the location on North Peters.  However, since this location opened, the quality at the North Peters location has gone down as well.  If you have a formula that works well, don't change it and keep it consistent throughout all locations.  I used to eat at Felipe's, roughly once a week.  Now I eat there once every other month.  
I do want to add that the food at Felipe's still remains better than most any other "Mexican" food restaurant in town.I enjoyed our dinner on Friday!  The drinks were great, the food was really good and really cheap.  I had the nachos and it would have been enough to share!  The only problem I had was the bartender I ordered from was rude and complained about the patrons to his friend in front of me, a patron.  We sat outside on the nice patio with friends and I only had to deal him once as I bought the first round.  I would go back.First review I have ever felt compelled to write. The service has slowed to crippling pace. No good when compared to the fast paced experience when I was in college going to the Claiborne location. As it looks like the issue is primarily related to employee turnover I wouldn't discourage anyone from going. I just hope they're able to solve these issues soon.I was so excited when this location opened. Not anymore. Took my kids and we all were disappointed.  The guy fixing our food flopped ir on the plates. By the time he fixed all three plates the cheese was cold and hard.  Maybe he shoukd have fixed one at a time.  Not sure if we will be back.My all time favorite Mexican restaurant in the city!! Come here weekly. Everything is fantastic and fabulous, including the service!  The Cucumber Margarita is to die forGreat drink specials and I truly enjoy the employees 80% of the time, and one of the bartenders is a mega babe, but how do you burn chips? I rarely ever cook, but I've never encountered a burned nacho in my life. Also I was in line and y'all straight up forgot me! Come on! You're my top 5 of comfort foods and you just rly crushed my evening dreams. I'm gonna go get ripped and forget this ever happened so I can continue to give you money.Felipe's is definitely one of my favorites. The workers are kind and quick! I'm a fan of their whole menu, but the burritos and tacos are the best. If you're looking for delicious Mexican cuisine and don't have much time, this is a great spot!Recently went here for drinks with a friend.  It has definitely improved since last time.  Service still kind of slow, but food alot better and margarita was great!It's my favorite to go to Tex Mex food. Easy, fast, delicious, cheap and I always have either a glass of margarita which is made with fresh lime juice yummm or a cold delicious sangria while I'm waiting for my food in the bar. My favorites in the menu are queso fundudo made with ooey gooey yummy cheese and the fried shrimp quesadilla.As much as I want to really like this place, it just never really impresses me enough. There is just no "wow factor". The food, the service, the atmosphere is all just ok.
I really like this new location's out door seating, but that is about all that differentiates it from the others. 
If you go, get the nachos with pork on them...much better than the burritos.We eat here about once a week. I find myself craving a Feilpes burrito. The prices are fair and the service is fast. I can't wait for the weather to cool down So We can enjoy our meals on the patio.Fresh, top-notch ingredients and quick service- this Felipe's location is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans!Everything was hot, fresh, and authentic.  Fed the family of 3 for $30 and left overly satisfied.  Beef loaded nachos, super burrito and pork carnitas taco salad.  Didn't get to enjoy the bar but will be back soon.  Wish we had one out in Metairie.I stopped in here to have a margarita and a taco. I sat at the bar, which was a little strange and felt pick uppy, but I really wanted a margarita and I didn't realize that I could order one to go and eat outside. I digress. I had steak tacos and guacamole with chips. The chips were delicious. The taco didn't have enough flavor for me. The margarita was so-so. This is a place that I might visit again if I was starving, but I wouldn't take my best friend if she was in town.Though they don't have the full menu as the one in the quarter, Felipe's in Mid City produces the same top quality burritos for a low price.Very friendly service with beyond exceptional food!  It think this just may be the best (authentic) Mexican food in the city.My 700th review!
You know that I had to come back to an old favorite. There is finally a Felipe's in the booming Mid City area and I couldn't be happier. I don't make it to Mid City often, but I am so happy to see this area developing.
So, what about the restaurant? I came on opening night because I am a huge Felipe's nerd and I wanted to show my support. I was happy that I was seated at the bar pretty quickly. Yes, service took a while, but it's the first night so I didn't expect it to be super speedy. Lord, I was feeling sorry for some of the bartenders because some of the folks coming in where just plain RUDE. Complaining about the wait when they could plainly see that A LOT of people were waiting. Come on. Don't be THAT guy.
I ordered an al pastor taco salad with a side of queso. It took a while, but when I finally got my food, it was so good. All of the ingredients were nice and fresh and I had no complaints.
I will definitely be back to this Felipe's location. One of the things that this location seems to have over the other two is the parking. There is plenty of it in a well lit lot, so that may make the difference between me coming to this location or the S. Miro one (that lot is SO small). The staff was super nice. PJ was my bartender/waiter and he was putting up with A LOT of rude people and handling it all with a smile. They still have a few kinks to work out, but I definitely enjoyed my meal here.I seldom meet a burrito I don't like. Usually because burritos are a go to "I'm gonna be drinking a rather auspicious amount of alcohol today" kinda meal.  Felipe's is a perfect stop to scarf down a burrito then with margarita in hand start the trek to City Park for Voo Doo Fest. Perfect snack. Perfect drink. Perfect day.
Felipe's Taqueria on Carrollton is also perfect Location-Wise. Right on the Street Car Line. It's airy with great outdoor seating and a large open bright bar inside. 
It's ALL GOOD! ENJOY.Y'all do not order from this location on Postmates!!!! Please. Save your $$$. Whatever you order, they will  give you the complete opposite, every time. They don't even include what is on their menu in your order, it will be cold, chips are stale, and you'll be charged almost 100% delivery fee.I used to be such a regular at the uptown and French Quarter locations to the point where one of the bartenders saw me on the street one day and blindsided me by grabbing my face and giving me a big ol kiss on the lips, with her boyfriend standing right there might I add. I can't make this stuff up, i have eye witnesses. In fact this has happened more than twice, haha.
So, naturally I was bucked up to hear that a Mid City location would be opening. I waited a couple weeks for the craze to die down so I could get in there comfortably and establish a rapport with the staff. Unfortunately, I only stop in here to grab a burrito or taco salad, then I'm out. 
I was less than thrilled when I ordered a shrimp super once and literally got 3-4 little, tiny shrimp. I chalked it up to maybe it was a bad batch? BP oil spill, maybe? So I gave them another shot, same thing. They definitely skimp on the proteins, nothing like how the downtown location shows love. It also seems like the prices here are a bit different from the FQ,  but I could be trippin' (doubtful).
If they get their act together, i might come back and give them one more star because I do like Felipe's a lot.Just like many of the other reviewers I've had great experiences downtown and uptown, and I am seriously hoping that management gets their butts in gear.  I'm a huge fan of Taqueria Guerrero down the street because it's a lot more like homecooking and Felipe's is more of a fast food vibe.  But when the "fast" is taken out of it you're pretty much left with food that's prepared slowly and sloppily, not to mention burned a few times before they get it right.  
I've had nachos burned, queso fundido burned and have had to wait for them to make a new one without even receiving some sort of compensation for my food taking so long to remake.  Both times my companions had finished their food and had to wait for me to even get mine.
The service is friendly, but very slow and disorganized.  We were in line waiting for burritos and one person was frantically making burritos while another stood by the tortilla steamer just staring like he was waiting for something.  If he was waiting for the other guy to hurry up and make more burritos maybe he could have helped?
Again, I am a huge fan of the other Felipe's locations, they have fresh veggies and fast service and don't burn things.  I'm going to wait a few months and see if they shape up.Stopped in for a bite with the family recently. Staff was friendly, food was made efficiently. Food isn't winning any awards, but it is consistent for what it is. Restrooms were in nice condition. For a quick in/out dining experience and to have the option to sit outside with the family on a nice afternoon and eat, it served its purpose. When it fits with timing and nice weather, we will return.That was my first visit to a Felipe's but I wish there was one closer to me! Come to Florida, please. The queso was yummy and they had a great selection of food, a little more than Moe's and Chipolte have to offer these days. When can we go back?I do not like the food here. It is overrated, the food is bland and gross. Juan's Flying Burrito is so much betterThis place blows my mind away. $10 for a combo and it is awesome! They roll that burrito up so fast, and all the ingredients taste so good.
I've had everything on the menu. Chicken Tinga is my go to, but I also really enjoy the Carnitas. Try the nachos sometime. THE QUESO!!!!!! There are a dozen house made hot sauces available at the condiment bar, which is really unique in that there are no plastic sealed sauces, and everything is fresh. I feel like I can eat very healthy here too, although usually I eat my weight in refried beans everytime. That being said, the grilled veggie burrito might actually be my favorite. During lent, they even serve a fried fish taco special. I thought that was pretty neat.
Great outdoor seating along the street car line is a huge plus to this location. The other one by Tulane gives you a view of some dumpsters. The downtown location is usually filled with a stampede of tourists looking for a pot to piss in. 
The bar area has excellent seating, and they serve up some great Micholadas and Margaritas. The decor inside is fun, funny, and inviting. Its not stereotypically cheesy, you know what I mean? It doesn't really go full throttle trying to make you feel like you are in Mexico.
I seldom have a burrito anywhere else in town, except Juan's, because they typically don't meet expectations of what is a burrito, or just fail by comparison. While the burrito at Juan's is given more presentation, the eat-ability of the Feiipe's is astounding. It just has this structure that hardly caves in. Amazing consistency. Each bite has a bit of everything. They have some sort of steamer for the tortilla and cheese, and i think that is critical in how they wrap it. Although there is obviously a lot of wasted tin foil in the presentation, I don't think the burrito could retain that structure any other way. 
Awesome stuff. Btw, nextdoor is Pinkberry, so save some room.The service here is painfully slow. I've been twice now, since they opened up in the Mid City market and both times the service at the counter was terrible. From people asking me questions about my toppings in volume so low I can't hear (I'm in my 20's, no hearing loss), to spacing out when I answer, there leaves a lot of room for improvement. 
The quesadilla is folded in thirds before it's heated. Like a brochure. When the cook got my hot quesadilla back from the grill, he opened it to find one of the 'flaps' had cheese on both sides. That in turn got stuck to the paper wrapping and made a bit of a mess. 
The presentation is laughable. The checkout team is lazy. The food, however, is pretty good. 
If they had delivery, I would get it. Otherwise, I doubt I'll be going in there again to watch the epic failure of line cooking.My boyfriend and I got the chicken quesadilla and the carnitas nachos to share. The quesadilla was fantastic. So full of chicken and cheesy goodness. The nachos were just okay. They use thick cuts of sliced cheese and lay them over a plate of chips and melt it in the salamander. The top chips are then covered in gooey yummy cheese and the other wonderful toppings but the cheese creates a very stiff barrier between the top layer of chips and the rest of the pile so you end up with a plate of untouched tortilla chips. The pork was very moist but had a strange clove flavor to it. It confused my taste buds because it couldn't decide if it wanted to be carnitas or caribbean jerk pork.Love this location and the staff. They do fun events some nights out on the patio. Food is kid friendly, good and consistent. One of my favorite places to go with the family.I end up at Felipe's more often than I plan on! I love their cocktails, their margaritas, their atmosphere and their queso! I love that I can sit on the brick patio under the vintage string lights on a hot summer night, or inside snuggled up to c-shaped bar, packed in tight with my friends. The bartenders have always been extremely hospitable despite the sometimes lively late night crowds. I suspect I'll be back at Felipe's before I know it! 
Affordable, bang for your buck portions with a tailored to your tastes menu plus authentic margaritas make this a go to any time of year.No SOPAIPILLAS!!! Hellllllo, it's a mexican restaurant that has brownies, but no sopaipillas???? Errrrrr???
Entering the restaurant, I love the outdoor seating that is a part of this new Carrollton Avenue eating complex. (Yay). 
Several entrances, we came in right in front the bar... Yes!!!!!  Bar specials were going on; it's worth inquiring of there are any at the time of your visit. 
Walk to the counter, place your order, pay, get your food & it's fiesta time.   
During my visit, I found the food to be average. Not bad, but it could be a little more spicy/explosive in your mouth; after all its Mexican; I honestly did expect more. And then considering there are plenty more Mexican restaurants in the area, this one needs to kick it up a notch or two. 
I am aware of the bit of backlash the facility has experienced since opening, but I think in time it'll get better, like a fellow Yelper said, "its growing pains" of being newly opened. 
I found the staff members to be nice, helpful, friendly & appear to work as a team. (Yay). 
All in all, the atmosphere, drink specials & willingness to please will make me return for a repeat, but greater taste budding explosive experience.We have a group of 6 and we eat out every weekend. Felipe's is top in our list for Mexican food. The food is excellent, the drinks were great and the price is right. WE LOVE IT. We will most definitely be back.This is a great stop if your in the mood for a quick bite. The ambiance is always a hustle and bustle. I always sit at the bar to avoid the line for food. The food comes to the bar rather quickly. The bartenders are great entertainers with awesome customer service. I always order the fish tacos and the queso dip with chorizo. It was cool. There are other great Mexican restaurants out there.I'm surprised to be honest at some of the bad reviews of this location in comparison to the uptown locations. 
We tried this location out and thought it was as good as the Claiborne location we love. I personally like that the inside seating area is much larger and there is outdoor seating.
Also love the fact that they are rebuilding this area from a run down strip mall and the car dealership that used to be here that had been closed so long I don't even remember when they were open.So very close to my home, very convenient online ordering! The only problem I've ever had was quickly addressed in a professional manner. Their attention to detail and strive for perfection keeps me coming back. Could not be happier with this neighborhood staple.They finally got it together! At least while we were there. It was after the lunch rush but we were in line less that 5 minutes and it didn't take forever to make my burrito. Which was very good.
I'm not giving a 5 star because I still don't know what they are like during a rush. But otherwise it was a much better experienceHere's a place where I wish had table service, besides the bar.  It's an interesting concept cafeteria.  I go for the burritos mostly.  Grilled veggies can be real good.  Grilled chicken is very consistent and the steak can be very good.  Carnitas are done well, but the Al Pastor varies widely.  Chicken Tinga is quite good, but a bit messy.  Tacos are decent, but the Horchata is divine.  Really good queso dip and guacamole. They have some bottled drinks, fountain, and the bar..  It's comfortable to loud in atmosphere with music you can pick with an app.  They have found the perfect light level.to my friends who haven't been here, i like to describe Felipe's as, "Subway for your burrito...except its actually FRESH."  Today I veered off the normal "super burrito with grilled veges" path and tried the Tortilla Soup.  First, this was not a bowl of soup-it was a bathtub!! i have more than enough for tomorrow's lunch (and I'm pretty psyched about it!). The veges were fresh and cooked, but firm, and the flavor was good.  Not what i was expecting after living in Northern Mexico for a year, but cuisine is so varied regionally, and it was good, so who am i to say it wasn't "authentic."  my only complaint is that one must hunt for a place to sit at the Uptown and MidCity locations-because they are always that busy...and yet, amazingly, i never seem to wait long for food!  Bravo Felipe's!Came here with family for dinner and it was great, very friendly staff and yummy food! Great for quick and delicious mexicanI have not been to Felipe's for a while but I went there tonight. What a disappointment! They no longer have grilled fish or grilled shrimp it's all breaded and fried. I opted for the Baja style fish taco which came with A maybe 1 to 2 ounce definitely no more serving of fish which was mostly bread. To be honest I couldn't taste the fish at all. It was over fried and tasted burnt like burnt bread. For $6.25 you can get a cheese quesadilla. That is one slice of cheese on one flour tortilla. $6.25 absolutely ridiculous a 5 ounce margarita cost seven dollars. I got to say I'm done with Felipe s. Another gripe I have is only one side of the serving area is open no matter how many people are waiting in line. DeplorableFelipe's is really good!  It seems to be on the expensive side but overall, the food is solid with many fresh options.  I usually prefer to go to Juan's Flying Burrito which is very close to Felipe's.Ok The Guys that prepare the food are Awesome!!! I guess I should have knew better than to think a chain mexican resturant will serve Authentic Mexican food. I could have made better tacos at home or taco bell for that matter(Taco bell don't agree with my stomach though). The atmosphere was great as well. We had the hard and soft tacos, and I hate they soft shells, and we also had the burritohich was cold. The only thing I liked was the Churros and the outdoor seating and the Mango Margarita. If I do come back, it will be for the drinks.I love Felipe's.
Loooooooooove.
I flew all the way from Baltimore just so I could eat here!
Not really. That would be ridiculous. But I definitely took advantage of the fact that I don't have one where I live.
LONG LIVE FELIPE'S (come to Bmore)!Food and drinks are like every other Felipe's I've visited in the area so the quality is consistent.  Service at the bar was a bit slow and disorganized and seemed one of the bartenders was not familiar with the menu or how to enter a combo into the register.  In general Felipe's taco portions are just so small I always end up having to order more here and somehow end up spending more than I do  at other Mexican joints and even then I still seem to be a bit hungry afterwards.  I do like the little salsa and topping bar they have as you get to really sauce up your food and that is my main attraction to this joint as I'm a saucy salsa freak.Full disclosures first:  I am a vegetarian and a California native.  Ok, here goes.  I gave them a second chance cuz I was nearby, hungry and needed something quick.  OMG so slow.  The grilled veggies were good I'll admit but they had to be cut up on the line.  The salsa bar had a good salsa (the chipotle one) but otherwise it was unremarkable as was the food overall.  And  a bar, a full bar.  No place that calls themselves a taqueria serves anything other than cheladas and wine cooler margaritas and the like.one star because I can't post without clicking on one but it deserves NO STARS. rude staff, tiny portions compared to the peters street branch. complete waste of spaceI visited this location this past Wednesday. It was $4 margarita day. One thing I don't like about the drink specials is that the bartender will ask you if you'd like a small or large, but they won't tell you that the $4 margarita is only the small and if you choose the large, it's $7.50. I think they should communicate that the small is the drink that is on special. Other than that, the experience was just fine. I didn't catch the bartender's name (although I think I heard someone call him Chris. He had lots tattoos and a lip piercing). He was polite and relatable. We ordered food at the bar and it came out in a decent amount of time. I've dined at Felipe's a lot before, so the taste was as expected.not as fun as the qtr.   maybe its cause of the layout, and the people inside, but seems over crowded, and in the weeds...   not enough room is a huge issue here.     the food is standard fare, same as the quarter, but for some reason it doesn't seem right.  maybe turn down the lights?  
something not right, and its not the food, but the atmosphere.  
your staff is great, and the turnaround is pretty tight for being in the weeds.   food is comparable to the quarter for sure, but you just need to add some ambiance up in here.I love coming here when I need a quick bite to eat but am really hungry. They also have killer margaritas and happy hour specials. Definitely best burrito in the city.Once upon a time a long time ago the mid-city location was really good . the food was fresh , came out fast , and it was hot . Now it's like watching a train wreck every time I go there .  If there is more the five people in front of you. I hope you brought a book . it's now inconsistent and of poor quality . It's really sad and I hope they can get back on track soon .SSSOOOOO RUDE!  Unorganized, total mess. Jennifer was especially rude.  All the employees mumbled.  the food was okay.I'm really glad they opened up a Felipe's in mid-city! The quarter location is always way too crowded and too much of a hassle, and the uptown location is way too cramped. 
What I like about this location is that it's spacious. The food and bar area are separate from each other (kinda like the Quarter location) and not on top of each other like the uptown one. There's also plenty of seating outside as well. Not to mention, it's a lot cleaner. I don't know if it's because it's newer or what, but that's a plus!
Me and my friends used to go to the uptown location to get some dinner and margaritas and between traffic and parking, I always seemed to get frustrated. Mid-city is a lot closer to my house, and there's plenty of available parking for you to choose from as well. 
The food: delicious and affordable as always! 
All in all, it's a great place to take your kids, stop by on your lunch break, or sip a margarita with friends after work!Steak nachos consisted of some sliced cheese that barely melted on not fresh chips and steak that was gray and tender but not flavorful at all. This mess couldn't even be helped due to the lack of fresh ingredients for toppings. No fresh jalapeños, no grilled corn, no lime juice or cilantro. The pico was ok but not enough to make this edible. By the time I made to the table the cheese has hardened and the nachos were inedible. My husband didn't fare much better with the steak quesadilla which was one straight out of package flour tortilla and the same sliced cheese rolled like a sloppy burrito. The only thing that can explain the good reviews are low expectations or really good margaritas. This is no Izzo's it isn't even as good as Taco Bell.Nice margaritas like the one in the quarter but my burrito was cold and between that and the apparently rancid salsa gave me massive diarrhea a couple hours later.The best tex-mex place I've been to in New Orleans so far!  Great food, and its cheap!Good burrito make line. Get the quesadilla. It is basically a burrito with cheese on the inside of the tortilla. Not like a custimary quessadilla.Wait forever at the bar, the worst. Otherwise, good for what you pay for.Felipe's is good the price you pay. 
You have a vast option to pick from and the salsa bar is wonderful! (Although I wish their plastic containers were SLIGHTLY bigger). 
It's pretty much a quick service restaurant with a full bar inside. You start at one end, tell them what you want, go down the line and say "no pinto beans" and "yes to guac!" You pay, pick a seat, & enjoy your food!Any bar that makes their margaritas with hand squeezed limes, the good kind, is a place I will drink margaritas.  I can't vouch for anything more than the bar apps, which are all very good, but it's the bar that I'm really reviewing here.  And any bar is only as good as its bartender.  Victoria is one heck of a good bartender, she makes great drinks, is there when you need her and has just enuf sarcasm in her to make it all fun.  It's not a huge bar, only room for a handful of drinkers, but oh you lucky few.  come early, stay late.I love this place.  It's open until 11, and the employees are always friendly and the food is decent.  I'm vegan so I've only ordered the veggie tacos and veggie burrito.  They put a lot of different veggies in- broccoli, squash, bell peppers.  I definitely recommend trying this place if you're veganWent for lunch the other day with a group of about 10.  We got there pretty much at 11, so they were just opening.  I had two tacos and chips and guac.  My server was clearly in training, so my tacos were stacked quite high with food.  But no complaints here, I gladly ate some with a fork and was happy to get more than my money's worth.  The chips were a bit salty, but with the guacamole and other sauces available on the side, they all got eaten.
Felipe's always seems a little pricey, but I've always liked my food.   I recommend this and the FQ location over the Uptown location, however, as the Uptown location is very dirty.  This location is new, so hopefully they work out any kinks and keep it clean.Good, quick Mexican food they way you want it. Pick your format and all ingredients and you are good to go! I find the quality good and consistent. Great service and location.Busy fast food. Order at the counter like McD's and you get your food a few minutes later. There are a few tables that you can grab to sit and eat.  Went at 3:30pm on a Monday and there was a line.  Food was decent, service was abrupt but nothing bad to comment on. Chips and dips come with a paper bag of chips and quac and salsa are in small plastic condonment cups. You have to ask for a cardboard container if you want to go pour the chips out.  For fast food it was better than expected. Don't set your standards too high and you won't be disappointed.I love Felipe's in the FQ so I was thrilled that one was opening in Midcity without the high parking cost/issues since I live close to City Park.  
Well, first of all - love it!  The food (chicken tacos) and drink (margarita) were both great, and I was served pretty quickly as well.  
Watch out for parking though.  Parking on the street is OK in some areas and then NOT in a huge slot right in front of the restaurant.  I think parking is gonna continue to be an issue here as every time I've gone to Winn Dixie I've had to circle around a bit to find a space.
But soooo glad Felipes is here - fresh food at good prices.  I went twice last week and headed back tonight - sometimes it's just not worth cooking.  :)
SFMexican Margarita = huge draw card for me and my fiancé! Quick service, sit at the bar, indoors, or on the patio, catch the sports action on the many tvs (including outside) and party on!This is my favorite burrito place in the city. Try their al pastor if you're looking for a good time. Their chorizo is also some of the best in the city. It's cheap, simple, and easy. That's just a small part of what makes Felipe's so great.I was so excited to try this place out, and once I got to the front of the line, I noticed a fly buzzing around the food. I brought it to the lady's attention and she did not seem to concerned about it. Needless to say I did not order any food. I will however try one of their other establishments out.Best gay bar in New Orleans tonight for some reason!  Props to Derek behind the bar!!! Margaritas, basketball, and happy faces all around.My favorite place to eat!! Better than Moe's or Chipotle. My favorite is the quesadillas & nachos. I could drink their cheese dip. Almost always a line but it moves quick. I recommend it to all my friends visiting New Orleans!Have you been to the Felipe's in the French Quarter? In Uptown, by Tulane? If you answered yes, then you know what to expect. Good food, great atmosphere, good drinks. 
Did you say no? To clarify, you've never been to a Felipe's? Go grab a couple of friends and go asap! Walk up to the food bar, and place your order, watch them assemble it for you, then go to the drink bar, and place order for you drinks. Then proceed to consume food and drinks with great merriment! 
I also really like this place because its inexpensive and you pay for your own meal upfront. You don't have to worry about splitting the bill at the end. Best part? It looks like it should be a loud restaurant where you have to scream at each other, but its not! You can easily have a conversation with your friends, while not disturbing the table next to you. 
My favorite is always the nachos with half grilled veggies and half al pastor. It may look ginormous, but the chips are haphazardly piled on tip of each other, so it's mostly air. (Yes, I can put away the whole plate because its that good.)How can you not love this place?
It's quickk. It's fresh. It's delicious. And it's affordable. Sure, you have to wait in line to order and there is no table service. That just gives you time to read and understand the menu. Because once it's your turn, you'd better know what you want. The ordering process goes fast!
I'm a suckered for AL Pastor and theirs is quite delicious. Two tacos. Pick your proteins, your toppings, your condiments. With iced tea and full sides of Spanish rice, black beans and guac, I was out in only $12. Top that with a lovely mid city day and outdoor seating = winning combo. Big time! 
And the outdoor seating area is dog friendly too!Ordered delivery from Felipe's yesterday. The tacos were good, but I was missing 4 of the tacos I ordered and missing queso I ordered to go with the chips. Pretty disappointed, but I liked the tacos. I eat here again, but I might not.Melanie is an angel and one of the best bartenders I have ever had. Every time come (which is not often) she treats me fantastically with great service!I have not been to Felipe's for a while but I went there tonight.  I had noted a few issues mentioned in a prior review of this place.  The owner was very responsive;  
I was contacted promptly by the owner of the establishment. he very politely addressed all of my comments offered to make it right  immediately. I learned that I was mistaken about a few issues.  Pike, the owner, offered to meet with me for a complimentary meal and a complete personal explanation of their policies and pricing. I found out that I could have added grilled veggies or any meat or seafood to the quesadilla for the 6.25 cost. I realize now that my earlier posting was a knee jerk reaction to my perceptions, which turned out to be my "user errors" and I apologize if I misled anyone. I WILL return to Felipe's at my earliest opportunity.  And let me add I think their margaritas are the best to be had in the city.Yummmmmm! Great food, great service, great drinks. How does this place only have three stars??For being to-go ready food.. it's amazing! Frozen margaritas are amazing and the experience is overall a good one! I strongly recommend the burrito and the chicken... the meats are so juicy and tender ! The bartenders are awesome too! I recommend sitting at the bar, it's an awesome experience!Best Mexican Taqueria in New Orleans, hands down! I don't think I've ever had such great service. Food was amazing and the margaritas were even better, if that's even possible. Cheapest Mexican food I've had in New Orleans. Food and drinks were great, but the service will keep me going back!I go here pretty frequently, and like it a lot, but find it awfully expensive. The add-ons to their burritos (usually the only thing I order) increase the price dramatically, so I usually end up paying $15 for a burrito (w steak, cheese, and guacamole) with chips and a drink for one person, and at Chipotle, I pay $10 for the same thing at a slightly higher quality. Regardless I've always found it delicious and will definitely keep eating here. Just wish I could order my favorites without blowing all my money!This is by far my favorite felipes location. Growing up in the riverbend I still come to this one! I love the space. I literally only sit at the bar. I love doug, Cameron, and Robby! They always treat me and my friends so nice! I love the food it's fast and so yummy! Prices are great! I love that there is a parking lot! And you can't beat those daily drink specials! But special shout out to the bartenders at this location for taking care of me 100%.Felipe's is one of my favorite spots to grab a quick bite to eat for dinner. Fabulous (and strong) margaritas, and some of my favorite nachos ever. Definitely try the chicken tinga - gives whatever meal you get a nice kick. Also be sure to order some chips and queso on the side.My girlfriend and I eat Mexican/Tex-mex food all the time. We both even work at Mexican eateries. But out of all the places we have eaten I can safely say that Felipe's is our favorite place for Mexican food. It's usually quick and it is always fantastic, you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu. Also they have a lot of veggie options for those of you who are vegetarian/vegan. Employees are always nice as well. 10/10 come every time I'm in town.This place is amazing! I'm from Chicago and we have fantastic food but this is some of the best I ever had! The food is soo good and the prices Unbeatable! The staff were super friendly. I h had the steak bowl and it was so juicy and seasoned. $4 margaritas!!! They weren't water down at all. A must go to if you're in town especially if on a budget.After my last experience I decided to give this restaurant another try. In part because I thought it would be an unfair characterization of this business. Especially since there are so many great reviews. I must say that after my last visit my previous experience is not the norm. The food was great and customer service was good. I believe in honest reviews base on true experience. So I have to upgrade my review. Moreover, I would say this is one restaurant where ownership is truly listening and responsive to customer concerns.Wow! Felipe's has been my go to for burritos since forever now. Yesterday I brought some friends there for their first time and I bragged highly of it. The food was amazing as usual but the drink were absolutely HORRIBLE. The bartender Shawn or something like that was definitely on some form of speed and couldn't stop jittering all over the place. A margarita on the rocks is a pretty hard thing to screw up but wow did he just that. There was so much ice in my cup that I couldn't get a straw through the lid of the cup as it was met by a wall of ice. When I said something to Shawn about my drink he took it from my hands and said let me add some tequila to it and then He proceeded to top it off with margarita mix!! My friend had a frozen margarita that was also awful! I now have to examine my bartender more closely when I come into Felipe's because I will not waste my money on a poorly made drink. This was a very painful visit to this location. Maybe take the people that are making the food and train them to be bartenders because they do something right. The food has never been bad.Updating review!   I'm really impressed with the owner's urgency to get this issue resolved. He was genuinely concerned about my experience and went above and beyond to make it right!  I will give them another chance!  
Thanks 
Wow! Worst experience ever and I didn't get a chance to eat!   The Bartender was rude to me and 4 of my friends.   We walk in on a random Wednesday night, the atmosphere and crowd seemed to be cool, so I was really looking forward to a good Margarita and a fun evening with my friends. Long story short, our night was ruined because of an issue with another customer attempting to take our chair and cursing out my husband.   I guess she was a regular there because the bartender sided with her and rudely told us to leave!   I guess that type of behavior from regulars and that type of service from the bartender is the norm!  Not for me!  They can have it!I really like this location and the food that is served here. I always get the Baja shrimp tacos, chips, and tamales. I absolutely love all their dressings and feel that the recipe keeps close to its Mexican roots. I appreciate that very much as it is difficult to find good and authentic Mexican food around.I will say this, the food here is pretty bangin'! I got the super burrito with carnitas, guacamole, re-fried beans, and all the fixins. It was delicious. The only thing that bumped this place down was the bartenders. They were terrible.
After we bought our burritos, we sat down at the bar to grab a few drinks as it was Memorial Day (Mexican on Memorial Day, I know).Their specials said that there was a special price for menu cocktails so I asked for a cocktail menu but they said oh we don't have one, what do you want. Oooook. Strike One. I then ordered a frozen margarita which was ok, not the best in the world. The SO ordered a Mojito, which was godawful. It was bitter, there was barely any rum, and they put barely any lime juice in it. When we asked for more limes to squeeze into it, the bartender gave us a look and gave us some tiny mealy key limes. This barely helped. She was able to choke the rest of the drink down but this led to strike 2.
We love Felipe's but we may have to just stick to the Uptown location.I like this place. You can order a' la cart. And it a fun atmosphere. Easy to find and easy casual. Be sure you don't order too much. Haha.Mediocre.  I get the burrito bowl or whatever they call it when you get no tortilla.  At other places I can make a meal out of this and sometimes have leftovers.  Here, I am usually left unsatisfied, both on flavor and on substance.  There aren't a lot of veggie toppings, and adding guac costs extra.  I literally have to eat again as soon as I get home.  They make a yummy pisco sour but I would go broke very quickly if I were trying to make a drinking session out of it.  This place is just OK and it's hard to get excited about going there.  It is nice for kids though because they can be loud on the patio.Felipe's is dope. 
I went here with a friend and sat at the bar. The staff was entertaining and their margaritas were AMAZE! Great environment and the food was ridiculously good. I was seriously surprised. 
Felipe's for days y'all. So good. Go. Just go.You'd be pretty hard pressed to find a Mexican restaurant that I wouldn't enjoy, and Felipe's is no exception. 
Both times I've been I've sat in the bar area which I find to be on the small side, but efficient nonetheless. Plus, you really can't beat the food for the price point. I mean, I've eaten cheaper here than at Taco Bell. And, let's be honest, there's no comparison in the food.
I was a little disappointed after going here for margs one night and the bartender consistently over-filled the pitcher with ice which equaled little to no marg for 6 people. Other than that, I have zero complaints.So, I'm updating from my previous review. Pike and the rest of the Felipe crew certainly take customer satisfaction very seriously. After reading my prior comments about my margarita experience gone south, Pike wanted to make things right! Y'all, I have never, and I mean never, had this kind of customer service. I commend the whole Felipe's crew for caring so much about their community and customer experiences! I can't wait to go back and enjoy a drink and some delicious food!! Many thanks to Pike and everyone at Felipe's for being so kind and considerate!Just ok. I was excited about the mid-city location, but disappointed when I tried it. The service was awful, and the food was plain. One of the workers was obese, sweaty, and not wearing gloves when he handles the good after wiping his brow. It was disgusting.  The wait was unusually long for what it is.This is one of our favorite places.  Near the house, tasty and reasonably priced and most of all good drinks!  Since we've been eliminating meat from our diet, we popped in and found steamed veggies on the menu as one of the meat choices. I chose veggie burrito and chose all my toppings and couldn't have been more satisfied. I recommend this place as vegan friendly.Three and a half stars for the food, but 5 shooting stats for the staff that shows so much personality and courtesy to the customers! Everyone who has taken my order or payment has put a smile on my face or gotten a laugh at out of me. I would like to shout out Jorge and Lee, who typically work whenever I'm there. Lee is always quick and friendly. He has very friendly demeanor. Jorge calls me by my first name, does a great job of up selling without being annoying, and usually makes a funny, light-hearted remark. I'm really like coming to this Felipe's, and I chose this location over the others and I choose this Mexican restaurant over the others in the city. 
There's also a bar here! Fast food and quick drinks! Name a more convenient combination!!? Also, I love the side bar for peppers, radish and other topics! And it's self served!The house margarita is pretty decent (that's how I generally judge the bar at a Mexican place) unfortunately the place is always packed and it's often difficult to get a seat at said bar. As for the food, I'm used to Chipotle's challenge to eat the thing-sized burrito  , so when I order the "super" burrito and it's a lot smaller than that I'm a bit disappointed. The cheese would be better presented if it were shredded and tossed on top instead of some kraft-looking singles laid at the foundation. All in all it's not a terrible place to eat...but I'm always baffled by its huge popularity.First time trying this spot and it was a good quick bite. Casual atmosphere connected to pink berry in mid city. Nice patio area and a good amount of seating inside along with the bar area. The counter service was nice and it's like a normal Tex mex place where you order and they build it right there. Over it was a good taco and chips and dip.This is my go to mexican food in the city of New Orleans. The Fillipe's special and pork flautas are my fave. Highly recommended items. Also very good refried black beans as well.I hate Mexican food, but I was surprised by my love of it when my friend brought me here. It's definitely Americanized but it's also delicious. I have never been here during peak times, so I could literally walk in and immediately have my meal.Really good food and reasonably priced. I eat here a lot and I've never been disappointed. Food is always fresh and service is always efficient.Felipe's is definitely one of my favorite places for a great margarita and delicious food. Anji at the bar is fantastic. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a quick and delicious meal.Really good and fast service and makes me feel closer to home. Sweet staff and pleasant atmosphere in any location I've gone toFelipe has never done me any wrong when I do eat here, but I feel like they are kind of expensive. It might just be me, but I just ordered a taco bowl and that's like $7 and with a drink which should be $1 & a couple cents. So it totaled up to $10.50. That drank must have been like $2 or that tax is just high LOLTacos are great! Margaritas are amazing prefer on the rocks but frozen are great as well. They definitely have a punch! Get the Felipe's special with an extra bag of chips! Plus chicken tinga and carnitas in the tacos! Go to the salsa bar and get the pickled onions!Felipe's is the cornerstone of my well-being. They've had my back more than ever has been required of them, and the burritos and quesadillas are divine. Excellent quality ingredients and often excellent, always adequate service. How can you beat that for the price??? I also want to give a big shout-out to my favorite burrito artist, Lee, who I consider family. You are a true professional, and you could get away with not being one.Awesome food and drinks!!! Best bartender Anji ... always smiling, friendly, and even remembers my order from previous visitsGo and try watermelon margarita and the food is fresh !I decided to go here one night with a friend because she lived down the street. The service provided was great with no complaints. The area was clean and outdoor seating was nice. The owner of this location is spectacular. Can't wait to go again and try something else on their menu.Eat at the bar for table service.  The food is quick and delicious.  My favorite is the taco salad with steak.  My son loves being able to select his own fixings. Felipes is a win for my family as my son is austistic and socializing is a challenge.  The staff is friendly and understanding.Love Love Love Anji!  Her spirit and energy is ever flowing with positivity.  Great drinks and time with her at the bar.  I needed this quick getaway to New Orleans as I celebrate my sister @ashbeestrong one year Heaveniversary.  Love you Ash and as always one red sangria on me.This location has relatively nice seating outside. The food is always great and consistent, fast service, and well priced. Not to mention they have great margaritas. I definitely recommend this location.Can always count on Felipe's to get the job done. Only drawbacks are occasional slow-movin lines and, depending on what you get, lack of consistent flavor. The salsa bar is a big bonus, but sometimes I feel like you end up doing lots of the work when it comes to heat, spice, etc. Regular burrito is a good size and the option to add chips, salsa/queso, and a drink for a few bucks more is very convenient.I am here way too often. Usually on a Wednesday. They have $4 (small) margaritas (regular, strawberry, mango) on Wednesdays (large is $7.50) and it is always popping. Always a crowd with good energy. Just a good chill move after hump day. I usually order the same thing to eat, which is a taco salad. I LOVE their pickled carrots and throw them on top every time. I usually get steak. It's always yummy. Every now and then I stray and get a burrito (again normally steak). The steak could stand a little more seasoning but it's always tender and cooked well. The staff is always friendly. Shawn is always bartending when I go in and he's a pretty cool guy. Always good service. I would also recommend coming to the cinco de mayo celebration here. I went last year and it was super packed inside and outside. They have a live band and the margaritas on a steady flow.Big thanks to the employees of this Felipe's! My day is made each time I visit to pick up a super burrito or so. Every one I talk to laugh at my corny jokes and joke back, always make sure I am taken care of. Every time I walk in the door it feels like a family inviting me in and for that reason this place is always a go to for me. Also special thanks to the beautiful Luismi for putting a smile on my face on the way out!UPDATE: I have been contacted by the owner twice to share his concerns. He assured me that he would not stop until he got to the bottom of this situation. I will go back to the restaurant and give it another try being that this is the first time that I've had an issue there. 
Increasing my rating because of how nice and responsive the owner has been.
**********************************************************
I was in this establishment with 4 of my friends last night. We walked in and found a table that had only 3 chairs. A couple soon left and they gave us their chairs. A young lady comes in and comes to our table and grabs a chair. I told her that those chairs were for the three young ladies that were with us and they are in line ordering. One of the ladies got her attention to let her know they were for them. She began to curse me out and take the chair anyway. This is where i have a problem with the restaurant. The lady was a favorite customer to the bartender. I went to get the chair back and she cursed at me again and i cursed her back. The bartender screamed from behind the bar for me to get out of his bar!  We got kicked out of the restaurant without them asking what the issue was.  I'm not sure if i will ever go back!Ordered delivery from Waitr last night. We had tacos but salsa was put on them which made them very soggy. The meat was good, however. We ordered the queso carne. It was so salty that it was almost inedible. We had sides of guacamole and salsa which were good. However, I find it odd that the Felipe's special with three small dips comes with a large bag of chips but our large queso and two side dips cane with a small bag. This was an expensive experience due to delivery fees yet was very unsatisfying. I've had good experiences with Felipe's in the past at other locations but not this time.Their Chimichangas are undefeated. Great drinks and vibes. Very versatile menu for the pickiest eaters. Customer service is very spotty. Some visits are awesome some can leave you feeling under appreciated as a customer (which resulted in less visits).I eat here a lot, and the food is always consistently good.  The nachos are enormous and I can't even finish them by myself, and the quesadillas are perfect (I always get queso dip on the side, too...).  
I also like their chips and their churros.  
And their margaritas are fantastic (this is coming from a bartender).  
I don't like crowds, so if they're really busy I'll just get takeout (I live nearby) since the dining area is smaller than their other locations.The customer service was suck.. Rude employees with no customer service skills. The shrimp tacos were nasty. I will never try this place againOf the Subway like Tex-Mex joints (Chipotle, Moe's, Izzo's, etc) Felipe's maybe my favorite.  It's done in the same style as the others with the whole pick a type(Quesidilla, burrito, taco, salad, bowl, etc), pick a meat and pick the toppings but they have better options.  Felipe's has Al Pastor pork,Tinga Chicken, fish, chorizo, shrimp plus the usual  chicken or steak.  Felipe's also has grilled veggies that you can substitute for meat or just get on the side.  Their veggies offer a huge variety; red and green bell peppers, zucchini, yellow squash, broccoli, poblano peppers, and onions.  
I ordered 2 Al Pastor tacos with a side of veggies and my daughter got a super burrito with chicken.  The Al Pastor tacos come with cilantro and onion plus their guacamole sauce.  The flavor is great but I don't think I should have gotten the sauce with that style taco.  I'm not a fan of corn soft tortillas which these come on but it was still solid.  The veggies are great as they are simply grilled and not drowning in butter.  
We usually get the Felipe's Special which is a shit load of chips with guac, pico, and queso.  All of which I think taste great.  This location is probably my favorite in the city because it's the newest and there is a lot of outdoor seating for those nice spring days.REVIEW UPDATED:   The owner was very responsive to my concerns.  He personally reached out to ask about the experience and moving forward positively.  Which I am in total agreement with because I really do enjoy going here for a margarita and Plato with chips and queso!  
******************************************************
Worst experience after eating their multiple times and having no issues.  Bartender overreacted based on his favorite customer and dismissed five other customers that he didn't know.   Totally unprofessional.Felipe's has been my go to spot for burritos. The fresh food and flavors always leave me satisfied!Update: Tried Felipe's again, because the tacos were so good. I wrote in the order notes about the previous mistake, and politely asked them to double check my order. Not only was my order right, but they gave me a free brownie!! Super awesome customer service and the tacos were AMAZING again. Definitely worth 5 stars now 
Ordered delivery from Felipe's yesterday. The tacos were good, but I was missing 4 of the tacos I ordered and missing queso I ordered to go with the chips. Pretty disappointed, but I liked the tacos. I eat here again, but I might noYummy food in a fast food atmosphere! It's a good place to eat while in New Orleans if you want something quick and less expensive. The food is very tasty! 
Do not waste your time going to the tiki bar upstairs though. They have the worst drinks we have ever had!This is my favorite taqueria :))
The Chimichanga is the best. The tortilla soup is delicious; it makes me feel healed. I always sit at the bar, so I am not sure how it works in the line.
On the drinks side, passion-fruit margarita is the best!!!Anji is a great bartender with excellent serving skills. She made sure my cup was full and my visit was pleasant!UPDATE:
Great customer service. When I expressed an issue with their restaurant, the manager reached out personally and resolved the issue. I recently moved away and greatly miss living so close to Felipe's. Highly recommended.I love this place. The food is always hot and fresh. We got takeout a few nights ago and I WAS disappointed that they made the flautas smaller- didn't like that- spoke to a manager named Nick and he was so friendly and helpful- it's not a big deal, but it was nice that he acknowledged it. Will definitely be back.When we first walked in we didn't know where to start so we asked the cashier and she said "start over there and pick what you want, like chipotle but better"... A dream come true, I'll explain. If you've ever made homemade chicken or carne Asada burritos at home, keep reading, if not go to chipotle, all the ingredients tasted like that one Sunday from your childhood when your family made yummy Mexican food, homemade. The Spanish rice and refried beans made the burrito seemed like home. Salsa wasn't watery and the habanero one was delicious , service was quick. Pretty good place coming from a Californian.I can't believe I've never written a review of Felipe's before which is crazy because I eat Felipe's all the time. It is very solid, never disappoints, texmex food. They make everything fresh in house and you can tell. Everything is awesome! I like the grilled chicken tacos a lot, and the queso (OBVI). You really can't go wrong with anything here.I've gone to the location of Miro St for a while, but since I moved to a job site closer to this store, I figured I'd give it another chance.
Never again. I was wrong. This location is STILL pathetic. This location STILL doesn't know how to wrap burritos most of the time. If you can't do something right, please just stop.
I won't be coming here ever again. Parking sucks anyway. I'd rather travel ALL THE WAY to the one on Miro than save time just to be disappointed at this one.
Note: taste is just fine. Customer service has improved a bit. That's why the 2 stars. Their finished product, though.... A wet burrito that is falling apart....is still pathetic.The food a Felipes was very good and worth a 5 star review. What is more important was how clean and well set up for distance. I am high risk and have been very cautious about what places I goto. The Staff and Manager Mr Fibble made me feel safe and happy hat is worth so much more than a meal.The guy who started my burrito tonight was very friendly and personable! I think his name tag said de'shaun.  I go there a lot and this was by far the best food service I've received. Good job de'shaun!This is one of my favorite places to eat in Nola 
My boyfriend and I are here probably once a week before work or just on an errands day. It's a quick meal and so so goodOne of my favorite go-tos for a quick lunch. All of the ingredients always taste delicious and fresh. I've probably had every item on the menu by now since I live right here in MidCity. I often carry out and have yet to had ANY mistakes with my order (and that's saying something because everyone makes mistakes sometimes lol). When I dine in, I sit at the bar. The bar tenders are friendly and the margaritas are strong (and delicious, of course). Today was no exception. With everything being a mess with the current pandemic, Felipe's has their process figured out down to a science. I love to sit outside and drink a frozen strawberry margarita and much on queso on a summer Friday.Food is always fresh and wonderful. We go there often. Convenient location with loads of parking.In my previous review I mentioned of an inconsistency in the service and product I received on my latest visit to one of my favorite places. The manager Pike immediately sprung into action, responded, apologized and handled the discrepancy. That's what I call running a business and keeping the customers coming!I went to the Felipe's on Carrolton, and had the steak and chicken burrito with queso on top. If you're a cheesy girl like me than you know queso makes everything taste amazing . The food was great and I've had their margaritas in the past, they are definitely worth the money. The service was quick and the restaurant was clean!Changed my review.  Felipe's management made good on a disappointing evening.  We generally love Felipe's.I love Felipes. Omg the salsa is so fresh, and Noah our bartender prepares the most amazing drinks I am practically floating in heaven, with Jesus, Elvis and Louis Armstrong. He is a God of drinks. This is where I want to die and come back to. They will find my ghost here on the ghost tour. Noah for president. #noahsark #noahisthebest #noahftwI enjoyed the burrito. The ingredients were very fresh, and there was a great selection. I loved the patio seating. We will definitely return to this location. It was very clean, great atmosphere. Wonderful experience !I go to Felipe's all the time! I live and work very close! However this time wasn't very great, I was definitely disappointed. The man making my burrito wasn't listening to me very well and what ingredients I wanted In my burrito. He put lettuce in my burrito which I did not ask for, which led to soggy lettuce later when I got home to eat it... also I ordered a 4oz queso from the cashier to complete my order. The cashier poured the queso into the cup spilled some on her fingers. Then licked the queso off her fingers! Right in front of me! She had to be new or something!?!?! Who does that??? Kinda grossed me out...Thank you for the chimichangas and strawberry filled churros! I introduced my husband to in strawberry churros and he was completely delighted!Didn't manage to grab a pic, but ordered catering from Felipe's and everything was amazing! I ordered online through their website, and it was super user-friendly and straight-forward. All of the options were priced efficiently, and there was plenty of food with some leftover, which was great for the price point. One thing: you do have to have a minimum order for 10 people. 
I ordered the taco bar with steak and carnitas meat. You get to pick 2 different meat options, and they also have a veggie option. In addition to the meats were some tortillas (you can pick all flour, all corn, or half/half), salsas, sour cream, queso, rice, two variety of beans (refried, black, pinto - you can pick), and other taco addition goodies. Everything tasted great and everyone thoroughly enjoyed! 
Definitely going to recommend this in the future to anyone looking for a delicious and EASY catering option :)So happy to find such a delicious Mexican cafe in Nawlins. The staff were incredibly helpful explaining the portion sizing and what is recommended with each combination. Clean, safe, covid free. Hand sanitizer and QR code menu makes it easy. Fast fresh food that tastes amazing! Recommend for anyone needing some great Mexican away from home.This WAS our second best "taqueria" to go but after the treatment my sister received today I will let everyone know what a crappy place Felipe's is! To start off you might want to train the "manager" in customer service because apologizing to someone and talking to someone in a condescending manner doesn't really equal a true apology. Second of all HELL is not a bad word especially when you have screwed up an order! I have heard your employees say worse things in Spanish!! So your excuse of it being a family restaurant is garbage!! Third- Calling someone's name 1 in a "busy" restaurant UNREALISTIC yet the persons who's waiting on their order is sitting right there front and center waiting to be called- YET YOU CLAIM YOU CALLED THEM- hmmm how does that work?? Then as you apologize you talk to down to the person complaining and saying you already apologized 3 times is not only poor customer service but very infuriating, I am sure the "manager" is the type to complain when something is not right for her and want something for free. You might want to retrain her IF she is the manager because her attitude is a ZERO! Also the way you do takeout orders should be reevaluated!Never ever been disappointed. Keep in mind it's a Taqueria! 
My food is always fresh! I normally get a bowl with chicken but today I was feeling like a quesadilla! 
I had a chicken quesadilla with cheese, pico, cilantro, onion, sour cream and baja sauce. It was filling for me! 
Lunch lines can be long and service may be a little slow but it's really upon the customer and what you order! If you feel like they take too long, go to Taco Bell. LOL 
I love this place during cinco de mayo! It's always packed and they provide live music. 
Oh, if you want to get a little tipsy, try a house margarita!Big fan. When it's packed and only one side is open (which is often the case), it can take a while, but it's usually worth the wait. Tinga chicken is fantastic. Love the fact you can make anything a combo. Also love the condiment bar (pickled carrots FTW!). Wish it were easier to navigate the bar, but I usually just come here to eat.I've professed my love for Felipe's at their other locations, and was beyond excited when I heard they were building one so close to my house! I imagined that I would need to buy a scooter just to get over there faster and not have to fight to park. 
I do still love this Felipe's, I just think it's going through some growing pains. I also felt like it was more expensive... I did get the guac and sour cream. If I buy guac that costs me more than a $1.00, don't be skimpy with that guac.  Their staff is still trying to catch up to the expertise and excellence that the other two locations bubble over with like super hot queso. 
I switched it up, and got the steak with my quesadilla, and my qualms is the steak is more chunk pieces, whereas the carnitas is chopped up. I felt like I was switching between just a delicious steak bite and then just a toppings bite. I'm going to stick with what I know best or possibly ask them to chop up the steak next time. 
The bar in here looks pretty cool, though it was fairly empty besides a mom, with rugrats screaming about, peacefully drinking a margarita on the rocks. This place is uber-kid friendly, so I'd love to go here later to check out the bar when it's not so overun by kids getting out of volleyball and baseball. 
The patio area is really nice, and with the weather changing it feels awesome. We saw people with their dogs, so I'll have to remember that next time we come. 
I will be coming back, and hopefully I can make some updates to my review.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in New Orleans . The food is always fresh and fast. The line employees are generally always friendly . Best Pico De Gallo  and Nachos.Man, there are some whiny reviewers here. What is it about taquerias that brings out all the entitled "Karen" types?
If you aren't from California and don't expect to be waited on hand-and-foot in a goddamn taqueria, there's nothing wrong with this place at all. As far as I'm concerned, keeping the "employees did not act like I was doing them a favor by being there" crowd well at bay is a plus for any restaurant, especially what is basically fast food.Everything was amazing. Anji is the best bartender ever. Everything she made was delicious . 5 out of 5 would recommend. Coming back asapI love Felipe's!  Awesome food. Quick service. Amazing margaritas and mojitos!
Great happy hour prices as well!I am kinda obsessed with Felipe's. A Mexican restaurant that encourages me to make my tacos as I want? YES PLEASE! And the cocktails are AMAZING! Of course, most of them are created by Nathan, an up-and-coming bartender with a lot of talent! I especially love the location of this new addition. It's literally right next to Pinkberry, so I can have dinner here, walk next door and get dessert, then come back for drinks! It's a miracle I have the willpower to leave at all! The bartenders are the best, they love to talk and joke around! This is one of my favorite hang out spots! Next time you're here, ask the bartender for a Chilcano Passion - it's hella-good!I couldn't love Felipe's more if I tried. I've been a Felipe's superfan for almost 10 years--first, of their location in Cambridge, MA, then their Uptown location, and currently their Mid-City location. The food is outstanding, most of the restaurant employees are great, and the people in the corporate office truly go above and beyond. I was hit by a car that crashed through the window of the French Quarter location last year, and even though it was in no way Felipe's fault, they were amazingly kind and supportive, reaching out personally to make sure I was ok as well as giving me an extremely generous gift card. I will continue to go to Felipe's often for my usual quesadilla or nachos for as long as I can!I had Felipe's two days in a row because the burrito bowl is so good and filling. I ordered the grilled vegetable bowl with black beans and all of the toppings I could get. It's a lot of food and I could honestly share with another person and still be overly full. However, I never share :). The only downside is that you must check your order when you do carry out. Although I would recommend this for any take out or fast food order to go. The first time, they forgot to give me corn tortillas and salsa and it almost happened again the second time. It is also difficult to park at this location during the lunch hour. Therefore, it pays to order online and swoop in just to pick up.The taco are very good.  I love the chicken and shrimp.  I like the fact that youu can dress them the way you like with all the different condiments!!!Like the other 2 Felipe's the food comes out fast and is really well priced. The food is solid with lots of fresh ingredients and everything customized to your liking.
Loved my aqua fresca and I did try to order a drink at the bar but couldn't squeeze in. I had a quesadilla with shrimp and it was delicious and I even had some the next day.
This location is a little more open than the uptown location which means that it's a little more confusing since you have more space to wander in.
I almost want to take a star off for the parking lot which I hate. HATE. Why can't you enter from St. Louis St? That's just dumb parking lot planners.  But I won't penalize Felipe's for parking stupidity.For the price, your better off going to Chipotle.  Kind of expensive for what you get and EVERYONE behind the counter was not friendly.
Disappointed as we just moved to the neighborhood and we're kind of excited to try it.
Won't be back.I was SOOO excited when i seen there was a Felipe's in Mid-City. I think the prices are too high for what you get and i don't like how you have to pay for extra things like (caned) corn ($.50) or cheese ($1) i would think that things like that came standard. anyways i ended up getting a mini burrito for $7. Next time ill just make that drive to chipotle.The flautas were really taquitos. I still want flautas. I was very disappointed.  Make sure you look at the pictures and there descriptions so you aren't surprised when what you get  wasn't what you thought it was.
The food was decent. This felipe's is MUCH cleaner than the one uptown, but it's very noisy. I like that it is connected to the yogurt place next door because they handed out samples.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in New Orleans . The food is always fresh and fast. The line employees are usually very friendly . Best Pico De Gallo  and Nachos.if you are in a bind and need food.  burritos are tasteless.  it is fast food so what do you expect.  why am i even yelping fast food?Great response regarding my lack to order properly through Postmates.  It's a la carte so I will have to add everything I want on tacos.  Very quick response.This mid city location is just awful!! The lackadaisical employees don't know what they're doing. My burrito was overstuffed with rice and beans it was disgusting. Every time I go to this location I am let down. Never again. The original uptown location is where it's at.I've been going to Felipe's for about 5 years now. My order is always the same! Regular steak burrito with cheese, rice, refined beans, lettuce, corn, onions and bell peppers and a few other things. The reason I always get steak is because they're the only burrito place that actually has good steak. It's cooler perfect and they trim all of the fat off! Their beer queso is to die for! Staff is always friendly, great service, and always clean.Cold and crusty tortillas, food was slopped together and items were missing on half the order. Do not recommendThis is the best felipes in New Orleans hands down. Make the drive, the DTLA location is meh, and the ncarolton is also mehThree strikes and you're out.  I used to come here every week for the past five years, and was always happy with the service/food.  It was a comfortable place to sit, order a drink, and grab some food to take home to the family.  However, things seemed to change about a year ago.  The first time, they screwed up an order.  The second time, they screwed up an order and the quality seemed to have gone down.  I gave it about six months, and went back today.  It took about 20 minutes to get ONE to-go burrito, and sure enough, I got home and saw that I was overcharged (ordered super burrito and was served a regular).
I understand that things change, but I really just feel stupid for generously tipping much more than the average clientele at this establishment and being treated like my dollar doesn't matter.Wow, I have never interacted with people this rude at a restaurant before. The food is good but it's super stressful and they definitely don't act like they like their job.Yummy fast Mexican food.
I normally go to the Mexican restaurant next to Brocato's but was with my friends so we picked Felipe's because the menu was really easy to order from and you can make it yourself.
I find Felipe being like a subway version of Taco Bell -
You pick what you want, you pick your add on's, and you can control your calories.
I personally enjoyed my vegetarian taco bowl - I paid about 13 dollars for it (because I added roasted veggies and guacamole). Really good affordable fulfilling review.
Only issue would maybe be the amount of fillings they put in - they just use a scoop of each :(This Felipe's location honestly doesn't even deserve to have the same name as the one Uptown off of S. Claiborne. I ordered via UberEats a super burrito with fried shrimp and al pastor burrito with jalapeños, salsa roja, chipotle onions, corn, and lettuce. The only things that made it into the burrito besides the meat was corn, lettuce, rice and beans. I received regular burrito, not a super burrito, and despite paying for the extra meat, there was hardly any meat in there. On top of all of this, the al pastor was dry dry dry, and didn't have the usual delicious flavor I've come to expect from the Felipe's Uptown. I definitely will not be ordering from or going to the Mid City location again and will be sticking to S. Miro. I wish they'd sign up on UberEATS, because it's obvious they're held to a higher standard there. Spending $36 for two burritos and not getting hardly anything right is horrible, that's more than half a day's pay for most people.Inconsistent pricing, HORRIBLE customer service. Came here on 3 different occasions and was charged 3 different prices for the same exact order. Employees could not explain the pricing methodology. The food is good but I won't be returning, French Quarter is the more superior location.Left within 5 minutes. The service was non existent, and we got tired of waiting. The ordering system is confusing as apparently, you order at the counter then seat yourself. 
There is no indication of this when you walk in, it seems to be one of those fend for yourself type of places. 
When I have kids with me, I am not willing to wander around a restaurant trying to find someone to teach me how to eat there.
I have tried other Felipe's and the service was friendly, and the food was excellent. The prices are not horrendous and the ordering process was easier to understand.The restaurant part of Felipes was absolutely amazing the long-haired man working at the restaurant part was great but the girl with two buns working at the bar was the worst customer service I have ever had! She was awful and I came here for my birthday on Cinco de Mayo she made the experience very negative! On top of everything she charged me a dollar extra for my drink that the price was clearly stated on the menu and when I went to grab the menu she told me DO NOT GRAB MY MENU OFF THE BAR! VERY RUDE! Food was great!! Bar THE WORST!!!I visited Felipe's on Nat'l Tequila Day, which I found out about upon arrival. I saw that they were offering a Watermelon Margarita in which I opted for the Frozen version. It was sooo good! Melanie was the only bartender on at the time and she was cranking out those Margaritas with speed. Go Melanie! I also ordered 2 Baja Style Fried Shrimp Tacos and they were on point. All in all I love Felipe's. I am very happy that they are still open and serving us wonderful food and drinks!Beware! Don't ever order online, pick-up or Uber eats. I have given Felipe's THREE chances (shame on me) and they have overcharged me and under-delivered all 3 times. The first time no chips arrived even though I ordered Felipe's Special (queso, salsa, guacamole, & chips). Was so disappointed but silly me I assumed it was a fluke accident and didn't complain. Second time I ordered Chicken Tortilla Soup (I checked the box to include tortilla strips ... hello, namesake) and zero tortilla strips were delivered with my soup, so basically I just got chicken soup. Silly me for giving Felipe's a third chance to not screw up my order (via UberEats) ... I even included a polite note to please ensure chips & tortilla strips were included with my order as they had been left out last time ... so what did I end up with? ... tortilla strips & chips but no guacamole, queso, or salsa. Wth Felipe's?! I even tried to call the restaurant to give them a chance to rectify the situation but surprise surprise, they don't answer. I was overcharged $14 as I paid for all of the dips and even extra chips but what am I supposed to do with extra chips and no dips?! So annoyed. Save your time and money and order from somewhere reliable.Didn't appreciate how Felipe's served their sangria. Our bartender literally poured UNDER  half of the cup with Sangria, and filled the rest with ice. A TON of ice. They say it is "corporate" making the rules, but it is a rip off to the customers. They should feel ashamed for making such poorly proportioned drinks, essentially cheating us out of our money. I'll pass next time.What's not to love about food wrapped in a tortilla? The veggie burrito is uh-mazing. With fresh grilled veggies, rice, beans and all the fresh toppings you want! Gimme dat!  The chicken quesadilla is not your traditional looking dilla, but the flavor profile is spot on. Seriously, that white cheese is divine. The chips and guac are what dreams are made of. 
I find this location to be more spacious than the uptown one and I love the outdoor seating. I feel like I could sit out there all day and drink and drink and no one will bother me. I also love that you can get in and get out so if you need something fast, but don't want to eat nasty fast food drive thru food this is an incredible option! The employees are friendly and might even crack a few jokes as they make your food.My original review was accidentally deleted. However, I posted a review about some bad service I got here a couple years ago and here we are 2 years later with the same bad service. When it was my turn to order I looked at the hot line and saw that it hadn't been refreshed in a while. The ONLY meat I eat at Felipe's is regular chicken. Not to sound picky at all. I only eat chicken or shrimp in any Mexican dish I indulge in all together. However, the shrimp at Felipe's is fried so I only get their chicken. When they asked me what I wanted to order I asked them did they have any chicken that was fresher. It was inly about 7 pm. I was told that that was all the chicken they had left for the night. I strongly didn't believe what I was told because when I asked, the girl gave me a look like she knew that I wouldn't be accommodated but she still asked someone was there anymore chicken and the guy immediately said no but it was in a way that showed he just didn't want to cut any or grill any. Extremely disappointing as me and my friends had really wanted Felipe's. I had ordered 5 chicken quesadillas but had to cancel one of them because I refused to eat dry chicken. My friends still got their's as they were really hungry and didn't want to go some place else. I went to Five Guy's next door where I was guaranteed hot, fresh food. Not food that had been sitting. Not to mention, the cold and hot line are never fresh looking. Please work on the appearance of your food and I hope freshness can be a priority one day.I've been to one of the other locations and really enjoyed it the times that I've gone, but my review echoes some of the others for this specific location; the line was long and slow, and the dining room was super crowded. My tacos were very tiny. I ordered the shrimp baja tacos, which were pretty good, but I would have enjoyed them more with a better atmosphere.I went in tonight to ask the bartender a question he looked at me and didn't say a word to me.Very rude guy.I had 7 people with me and wanted to know if we could grab a table without ordering food.Shame on you you really screwed up lmao.We are all in the service industry and you would have walked out with a good tip out from us but oh well so much for that we took our business elsewhere the bartender appreciated our $100.00 tip and the owner appreciated our $200.00 tab.