I prefer this Felix's over the French quarter. Much better food here than Brisbi's - they need a drink list. Excellent food & fun on the lakefront!My husband and I enjoyed our meals. We ordered fried oyster tacos (great sauce, 4/5) .. chargrilled oysters (4/5) .. sautéed crab claws (5/5) and red beans and rice (4/5) ... our server was great, he was a younger black guy, great recommendations from the food to the drinks.I was very pleased with our dinner at the new Felixs! The charbroiled oysters were delicious and the service was extraordinary! Definitely going to refer people here!The service by waitress Jenea'was excellent . She was well versedof all menu items,happy to explain the typds of oyster dishes.The crab cakes were excellent,  Fried picles w Creole Ranch Dressing was Great.The Gumbo,Red Beans,Jambalaya were Delicious. The Desserts-- Bread pudding and slu e of Key lime Pie were just Awesome. The omly drawback was tge luke warm coffee was a disappointment.  Overall a Great Experience, i will be back.This is now my favorite seafood restaurant in the city. We sat at the bar and had the pleasure of having 3 waiters. Chloe, our actual waitress, was amazing. So friendly and personable. Curtis and Dee, the most amazing oyster shuckers, were all amazing as well and awesome at what they do. The service they all provided was top notch. We ordered the chargrilled oysters, barbecue shrimp pasta and stuffed fish. All delicious. We will definitely return and we will be sitting at the bar.We enjoyed eating downstairs in the open area lakeside with a light breeze and lovely views. Everything and everyone working here is still relatively or brand new, so there are some glitches to be overcome. Friendly, affordable and comfortable - enjoy Felix's open air.Delicious crab dip and oysters! Super friendly service! New restaurant with great outdoor patio on the water.When I heard that Felix's was taking over the Brisbi's location, I was excited. It's close to home & not in the Quarter. Sadly, it was a disappointment. I think they're used to feeding tourists who don't know better. The quality and quantity of their food was less than mediocre. We started with the charbroiled oysters which were tiny and dry. They were served with some hard, stale French bread. Then, I had the seafood salad which was supposed to be shrimp and lump crabmeat on a bed of mixed greens. It amounted to $18 for 5 boiled shrimp on a huge bed of old iceberg lettuce - the kind with brown edges, and the   crabmeat was definitely not fresh. Even the tomatoes were past ripe and inedible. I had one of their hush puppies from my friend's plate, and it was cold and stale. (Take a lesson from Zea's. Theirs are amazing!) My husband had the shrimp pasta and his had only 5 shrimp as well.  So, unless they improve their offerings, count me out. Too bad because the waiters were working hard and the location in the water is lovely.This place was wonderful and we didn't have to brave the headaches of venturing down into the French Quarter with all of the headaches of parking associated with going to their Iberville St location.
My wife and I came here with the expectation of eating a normal meal however that didn't happen.   We pretty much ate off their Oyster and Appetizer menus.  I've ALWAYS loved raw oysters but my wife doesn't.  Mary has always "Liked" steamed oysters to a point but while on this trip she has fallen in love with Char-Grilled Oysters.  So we started our meal off with a Doz Raw for me and a Doz Char-Grilled for Mary.   My oysters were wonderful however, her's not so much.  Our waiter, Jeremy I believe, asked her how her's was and she told him that she had eaten better at a couple of other  area restaurants.  VERY shortly after, the manager came over Mary explained the situation.  The Manager told us we were correct, that her oysters had not been prepared correctly and IMMEDIATELY made it right by bringing over a new doz freshly & correctly prepared.  I ended up eating another 1 1/2 Doz RAW and Mary then ordered their Fried Crawfish Pie Appitizer (this was frozen product that is ordered in vice being made in house).
Overall we had a most enjoyable night out and left happy.  We will definitely return when we go back to New Orleans.We were here 2 nights ago and when I tell you guys this place is absolutely beautiful and amazing! The staff is pleasant and attentive and the managers came to our table and introduce themselves they also gave my children colors and cute little seafood coloring pages. Kept them occupied the whole time me and my husband tried the Frose and bush whacker omg I had to get two to go. The best experience ever! The view is amazing. Best food in town keep up the great work guys!! Happy to have you all in the neighborhoodFantastic! The food was really good, we really enjoyed the char-grilled oysters. The staff was very friendly and  answered all of our questions. What a great view!  They also offer frozen rose'. Love itWe love charbroiled oysters and are always looking for good ones in the neighborhood.  I've got to say that these were the worst I have ever had. The server tried...hence two stars.  But the food was barely worth one star.  
   The oysters were way over seasoned (salted) and tasted like they had Velveeta melted on top.  Also they were mostly cold..not grilled at all. We had gumbo and had to send it back twice to be heated.  The soup bowl was actually icy.  Again, even after the second microwave reheat it barely reached room temperature.  We couldn't find any seafood in it either
What a shame to waste such a beautiful view and great location on really bad food.  
   Message to management...you're on the lakefront now and not serving one shot meals to tourists.  You are losing return customers to the much better restaurants right around the corner.Disappointed. Ordered an oyster poboy. Small with very few oysters.  ... maybe six. To make it you need to load up sandwich with oysters.Same aw some food as the FRENCH Quarter location.  Had a great time with a great view.  Our server NOEL was the hit of the day!  She was great!  We shall return.My dad and I stopped in here for a Friday lunch and since I've been a longtime fan of Felix's in the French Quarter, I was really excited about a Felix's with a little easier access. This location is the old Brisbi's spot and the vibe is pretty much the same: it's right on the lake with a nice view, the space is big and there is indoor and outdoor seating.
Because this was a "splurge" day for me, I decided to get the fried oyster platter that comes with fries and I subbed my cole slaw for grilled veggies. The oysters were as perfect as they've always been- lightly battered and fried, just enough to still retain their "oyster" flavor and not be overwhelmed by the batter. The fries were thin cut and really tasty and the vegetables were perfectly cooked and seasoned and were a perfect addition to the rest of the meal. The oyster platter was really big and I think that it would be easily split for lunch, especially if you get an appetizer to start off. My dad got a turtle soup and crab cakes appetizer as his lunch and it was more than enough and he took one of the crab cakes home.
Our waitress was very attentive and made sure that we had everything we needed and overall I liked the feel of the new spot and I plan to return.I'm glad Felix's took over this spot, the food is definitely a step up over the former place but there are some kinks in the system.  The service was lack luster, had to call our waiter multiple times for silverware, drinks, etc.
The food was hit and miss, the fried seafood platter was delicious, the breading had some nice heat and flavor.  Crab cakes though were pitiful, much more stuffing than crab.  Stay away from the bbq shrimp, not the typical N.O. style, more like shrimp in thick bbq sauce.
We also got shrimp remoulade and cocktail - each had 4 shrimp, based on the price thats about $3.50 for each bland shrimp.  Of course Felix's is known for its oysters and they were good but were served after the entrees.
I'll be back and hopefully they will straighten things out.Great service and fantastic food! 
Food came fast and was yummy good.
Ordered oysters and fried pickles.
Waitress was on top of everything , all staff had smiles on and were very nice
Clean bathrooms 
Will be backHappy Hour sucked!!!the specialty drinks were 10ea$$ and the oysters had a fishy taste...the bartender had to look on her phone to make my drink which was a mai tai and it was not good at all...wont be going back...horrible very dissapointed...I'm sitting at the bar watching people suffer through bad food. If you are from New Orleans, don't waste ur time. If you are from Alabama. Enjoy the horrible seafood. As a local, I'll never return. I give every spot 2 chances. And this place gets an F.Really enjoyed the patio bar by the water. Fresh cold oysters were fantastic. Chargrilled were very good just not quite Drago,I had dinner here tonight with my husband and the experience was all around wonderful.
The first thing we noticed was the excellent service.  We were welcomed by the hostess and seated right away. Our waitress came by very soon after we were seated and took our drink order. She mentioned that they had been open less than 2 full days, and if we had any suggestions for drinks or food we'd like to see on the menu, to please let her know. I asked about a sangria, she wrote it down and promised to let the bartender know. 
We ordered a dozen raw oysters, 1/2 dozen oysters Bienville, and a seafood salad. My husband had a vodka tonic and I had what I think was a honey tea. I think I may be wrong about the name, but I can tell you this - it was way tasty and refreshing. It was a honey vodka iced tea. Mmmmmmm.
So our raw oysters were delicious. Cold, fresh and our attentive and sweet waitress made our cocktail sauce tableside. It was VERY tasty. 
We enjoyed all of our food and the views of the lake were amazing. 
The General Manager came by and introduced himself. He was so personable and welcoming. Several staff members also assisted in making our first visit - of many to come - a very pleasant one. 
I'm looking forward to our next visit already.Slow service.  Waited over 45 minutes after ordering to get our food and everyone else around us who arrived after us already had been served.  The food server would  randomly bring food around to the tables asking is this your food so that your food was looked at by half the restaurant before it was delivered-yuk.Amazing oysters de jour today, fried on the half shell topped with crawfish cream sauce! Gil was amazing server and strawberry basil lemonade heaven!Dined here with a friend of mine for a monthly "girl date." As frequenters of the former Brisbi's, we were anxious to see what changes had been made. Here's my review.
Physically, the dining room was made larger with the removal of a wall that previously divided the dining room from the bar area. An oyster bar and chargrill station were added along the wall by the upper level deck. A few more booth seating areas were added and the high-top tables that were previously in the bar area are gone. I think more TVs were added as well. We spent half of our visit inside then migrated outside in the evening to enjoy the ambiance of the deck. I'd never noticed it before if they were there, but there are garage-type doors of windows that can be opened when the weather is pretty. There is also outdoor seating at the oyster bar, which I thought was pretty cool. I'm going to mention my half-star dock at this time. We were hoping that the outdoor shades had been improved to extend all the way down to the railing. Currently they only extend maybe a quarter of the way down and once the sun starts setting, they aren't much help in blocking the sun. A simple extension of the shades being able to drop all the way down would fix this and would make evenings on the deck more enjoyable.
Food/beverage was pretty good. We were pleased to see that one of our favorite proseccos carried over to the new wine list, so we happily ordered it. As lovers of chargrilled oysters, we split a dozen. They were delicious, and we used the French bread to sop up any remaining yumminess left in the oyster shell. We also tried the raw oysters, and while I'm not normally a raw oyster eater, I thought these were cold and briny just as a raw oyster should be. I ordered a small garden salad, which was probably the most lackluster item I ate and where my other half-star dock comes in. The addition of croutons and cheese would have made it a bit better, but happily the ranch dressing was good so I was okay with it. We shared the fried catfish and shrimp platter and opted for extra fries in place of the cole slaw. The batter on the fried fish and shrimp was flavorful and crisp, fries were plentiful, and the hush puppies were good. We passed on dessert this visit, but I know I will definitely try the bread pudding and key lime pie on future visits. We migrated out to the patio and ended up ordering another round of chargrilled oysters. 
Service was wonderful!! We were promptly greeted by the friendly hostess and seated. Our server Caitlyn was timely in greeting us. We explained that we were having a girl date and that we would be enjoying a progressive-style meal. She was totally cool with it. She checked in periodically but didn't rush us and we were very happy with the pace of our dining experience. Santiago ensured our table did not get bussed when we excused ourselves for a bathroom break and was very friendly. Alexander recognized us from waiting on us at Brisbi's and came over to say hello, which was pretty cool. I like that they kept the old staff. Once we closed out with Caitlyn, we headed out to the patio. Lawrence took over our service and again just let us do our girl date thing. Andrew was always spot-on with refilling waters, bringing us ice, obtaining silverware, etc. When we needed something, they were there; when we didn't, they weren't hovering or rushing us. It was perfect. One of the managers, Al, came over and introduced himself to us, which is always a nice touch. (I'd also like to add that because we took up Caitlyn's and Lawrence's tables for longer than a traditional meal should take, we tipped over 20% for the courtesy of allowing us to occupy their station.)
We were pretty bummed with the closing of Brisbi's but happily agree that Felix's is an upgrade. Overall, we were very satisfied with our visit to Felix's on the lake and will absolutely be back. I kinda want to go back now and eat more oysters!This was a terrible experience and if I could I give them a Zero.  The restaurant was not super busy but terrible service and the quality of the food was terrible as well.  Skip this place. Life is too short.Willing to try again because they just opened...
Atmosphere 5/10 
Food 4/10
Service 4/10
The restaurant was out of all boiled seafood. Our server did not tell us until it was time to order. Salad dressing was more like a paste.Taking a star away because the oil Easters weren't as delicious as the location in the French quarter but everything else was perfect. The patio overlooking the harbor was beautiful and Selena are hostess was so sweet and spunky I really enjoyed all of the staff. The black in the alligator was to die for the jambalaya was spicy but delicious and the seafood gumbo had no okra but is it supposed to? Oh around a Plus experienceGreat service and oysters,the drinks wasnt good .I loved the view .The Waiter was underage so.he.couldn't make any recommendations for. adult drinks.The.enttrance to the restaurant was a maze in.it selfGreat location!  Good oysters on the half shell. Service very slow. We sat at the oyster bar and our shucker was very nice. Took forever to get drinks. Shrimp remoulade was the worst ever. Canned soup has more flavor than yours. French fries cold. Jambalaya taste like it was made from a mix. Hopefully you guys can get it together because we have always enjoyed the Felix's downtown for over 30 years.New restaurant and service was horrible. You cannot split the bill and cannot change tables. My friends and I originally sat outside however it was very hot and asked if we could go inside. The waiter told us that we couldn't. The wait for food and drinks was very long. Food was okayBrittany with the red dreads is so sweet! Best service ever  we had the best welcome to New Orleans lunch!Awesome oysters! We had raw, chargrilled, and fried and they were all plump and delicious! Fried shrimp and oyster basket was delicious so was the seafood sampler. Gumbo was pretty good. Awesome Bloody Mary too! Excellent and attentive service with good recommendations and menu knowledge.Love the atmosphere and as I have for over 40 years, I love Felix's menu!!! Come sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather we are having here on Lake Pontchatrain, in New Orleans!! Drink a beer and eat some raw oysters. Watch the sailboats go out and return at sunset. Great for kids and large family groups!!! So glad to have Felix's in my neighborhood!!! Always my favorite seafood restaurant. The dishes are all delicious. Love the waitstaff!!!!!Food was good, but overpriced for what it was.  Ladies at the bar next to us ordered appetizers before we ordered and they didn't come for an hour, at least they didn't come before we left.  My biggest complaint though was $8 for a Dixie!  Seriously, I can get craft beer cheaper almost anywhere and they charged that for a Dixie!The atmosphere was nice and we waited about twenty minutes for a table, not bad at all, had some drinks and relaxed at the bar. The real trouble came when they told us our table was ready and no one came and we waited thirty minutes. No one was ever assigned to our table, we just left. It's their loss ,as we were going to spend about two hundred dollars there on boiled seafood, but I don't think they careThis was our first visit. I cannot say enough about the staff. Courtesy, friendliness, and the ability to make sure that everyone gets exactly what they need. I returned something and the manager, Ronald, came out to apologize. Even though we told them there was no need it was just different taste then I was accustomed to. He then came back and asked if we would like to have drinks on the house. He was sweet and made sure their restaurant was doing their best to make sure the customer was happy. Ronald the manager was incredible. And thank you very much to Caitlin our waitress. We will be back over and overOrdered the shrimp and oyster platter, the oysters were the size of quarters and overcooked. The manager did comp me a second order that was much better but they need to take a look at what other seafood restaurants are doing in the area and compare themselves. This restaurant would be my third choice amongst the other two lakefront seafood restaurants on Lakeshore Drive.Patrick ( our server) and Ronald the manager were great.  They took care of my 89 yo mother in law for our first visit there.  The charbroiled oysters were great and the redfish special with lump crabmeat was great. My Manhattan was perfect.Well the 4 of us did not like the food and pricing. 
Locals tell us if we want good foot go outside the tourist 
Sandwich type stuff had way to much bread to what is inside ratio. And some other yuks.   Very disappointed.   
The Special - fish was grilled was dry and crusty/ hard edges. 
All of us left and wish we never came to this place.I think this place just needs better chefs. I know they obviously count on their gorgeous view so I guess feel they don't need to try so hard but I do wish the food was better here. With that said, the service and view is impeccable. We went here one Friday after work in time for their happy hour. I ordered the fried gator bites and meat pies. The hubby ordered the bbq shrimp pasta. Yikes on the bbq shrimp pasta. I had a couple of bites and it was all butter, not in a good buttery way. The hubby wasn't enthralled with it either. I did enjoy my gator bites, but later my belly was a little upset and I had an aftertaste. The meat pies were fine, not the best I ever had, which I feel are from Hanks in Marigny.
We did go downstairs for a couple of beers to enjoy the live music which I think happens every Friday and Saturday evening. Also, I am sure you know this but when it is beautiful weather out on the weekend, which rarely happens on the weekend, you know the parking is going to be a problem for both Felix and Blue Crab. It may be best just to Uber it. Anyway, back to downstairs, there is a bathroom down there that is unisex. I am grateful we do not have to keep climbing the stairs to go up there, but I do wish there was toilet paper or more lighting in there. Just a thought. 
I think all the bartenders are super sweet and friendly. The staff overall here is just excellent. I did notice another part bar? being added the left. There were stools and a bar but it was not stocked. The lady behind the bar area was super kind as well and helped guide us where to go if we wanted to eat a full menu, upstairs, partial menu, downstairs. That was nice of her. 
Overall, they know I will be back, but probably just to visit the bar and get soaked in the wonderful live music from the cover singer playing downstairs while watching the boats and sun set. :)We had 2lbs crawfish, dozen raw oysters, fries and coleslaw. Crawfish is definitely on the saltier and spicier side and may not be everyone's cup of tea. All the sides were bomb, the oyster was delicious and service was great! It was a faster paced restaurant but we were well taken care of by the staff.The gumbo was not hot.  Had to send it back. Oyster poboy was slightly warm.    Disappointed.This place is great.  The charred oysters are my favorite, but the rest of the food is always delicious.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.I was happy to see Oysters Bienville and Oysters Rockefeller on the menu. These used to be on the menu in most New Orleans restaurants and you hardly ever see them anymore. We ordered a dozen Bienville and they were pretty good I would order them again. The oyster and artichoke soup was very thick but relied to heavily on pepper for flavor.  The BBQ Shrimp Pasta was ok. Needed more lemon and garlic in the sauce. The shrimp and fish platter was very good with large shrimp and crispy thin fries.Been years since I've been to this place, but as always. Half shells Oysters always fresh and tastes great. The service is awesome and the view is as Beautiful as ever especially with the sun setting. Can't wait to come back for vacation w/ my fiancé.word.
Sometimes I speak a little too soft and this time the waiter mistaken my slightly medium well steak to just medium. But he quickly too it back and got a new order with a new steak and it was amazing; just how I like it. Great job and awesome staff; the Chief even came out and made sure the meal was how I wanted it. I'll always stop at this place for sure when I come down to NO. Thanks for the service and kindness. Awesome work!word.Some tasty food here for sure. I was very impressed with the great customer service here I must say as well. Although the menu is not too expansive, you can't go too wrong with ordering anything. The bread on the po boy made it something special!Love this locale and one of its servers, Miya B!  She is always so helpful and positive. Every time I have gone to this restaurant and she is there, we are greeted with a smile. What a great lady! Her boss, Ronald, was also very kind and extremely helpful!I was so looking forward to trying Felix visiting from out of town.  The view was great and the service we received was very attentive.  
Unfortunately, the food fell a bit short....   We arrived at 5:30pm and the restaurant was already out of crab cake, and my blackened shrimp was just ok.  I was hoping I would receive quality food that I can not recreate at home.   The pasta my husband ordered looked great.The food is really good but an oyster and shrimp platter that had 3 oysters and 5 shrimp is ridiculous for $21.
Updated my review after returning for a 2nd visit.Took my family here for my sister's birthday and we had zero complaints about the food. The server must have just gotten out of training considering how unsure she was of everything we asked her. That's normal with the FOH turnover in finer dining establishments, so didn't really impact our experience, especially considering there were three former servers at that table. Instead of the typical 25% tip given for exceptional service, she got 18% for at least trying her best and getting the order right and out to the table while still too hot to immediately eat.This restaurant was truly extravagant and had great service and amazing food. I will definitely be coming back!!Fish Friday! Our server Brittany was great. We went around 9:00 or a little after 9:00 P.M. of course at that time it was easy to get a table. All of my food was good. I had a cup of gumbo. I just would have preferred if the gumbo was a little hotter. I had a kids meal fried fish plate. Instead of fries I asked if I could substitute it for hush puppies. I didn't care for their brand of ketchup it was too sweet for me.My auntie ended up getting the fried shrimp and fish platter. Brittany was even nice enough to bring my 1 year old cousin a fruit plate while we waited for our food.The place to be during and after Saints games!
Wish I could give more stars but they kinda messed up my credit card purchase but it cleared in no time. Our sales person and her manager were the most accommodating for my sister's 41st bday. My family takes great pride in selecting restaurants for our birthdays. We really restaurants by location and menus thoroughly before we reserve. 
Wide selection of foods. Turtle soup, per mom was ok. The seafood platter was also ok. The crab claw sauce was SUPERB. The white wine selection was good and crab cakes were good but not hot. 
I would go back. The view is amazing on a great day in NOLA.Great place for fresh seafood, good drinks, family gatherings, meeting old friends and making new ones. The nostalgic lakefront atmosphere and attentive service also make this place a great choice.Very nice atmosphere, the drinks were cold and the seafood was great! Nice little gem by the lake with a great view!This place was a complete disappointment in every way. From the food to the service. They completely ruined my friends birthday dinner. She ordered gumbo. It never came. The rest of our food did eventually come but everything was cold. So those had to be sent back. The restaurant was about to close(our meals took that long) we inquired of the status of gumbo. We were advised that it was frozen so it would have to be thawed out. Are you serious?? Frozen gumbo in NOLA. I ordered the BBQ shrimp, it was decent but the bread was terrible and crumbly. Everybody knows the bread is important, to drench in the BBQ shrimp sauce. The waiter was overwhelmed and unhelpful but was actually a nice guy. I truly regret dining here especially when there are so many other great choices for food in town.My 1-star review is entirely based on the terrible service. We left before getting a chance to try the food. 
We were seated at 6:00 p.m. this past Friday night. By 6:15, not a single server even acknowledged our presence, despite 2-3 different servers walking right past us several times. We tried to make eye contact to no avail. We overheard multiple servers apologizing to their tables for slow service (never a good sign). Eventually we just got up and left and visited their competitor next door. 
I know restaurants occasionally find themselves short-staffed through no fault of their own, but honestly it wasn't even that busy. We were seated outside. Most of the tables outside were full, but most of the inside tables were empty. You'd think on a Friday night they'd be prepared for a moderate sized crowd. They were not. 
The one silver lining -- our hostess was very nice. She quickly found us a table, helped us stow away our child's stroller, and was apologetic when she saw us leave. If Felix's employed more people like her, we would have never left.Yeah, you guys need to pick it up a lot!
Sunday boat day, ran across the lake, loved Brisbys figured we would try Felix's. Raw Oysters . Down stairs presented a full menu but you could only order apps, soup or salad. Who wants soup when its 100°? Service was slow and chaotic. Don't order the calamari, just plain old frozen pre-battered Squid not crispy, soggy and tasted old. 
I know y'all are working the kinks out being new, but gotta do better than this or you will be crappier than Landrys!
2 stars for still being new, next time if the same, won't be so nice!I decided to go with one of my girlfriends last week for happy hour! The food was great like always we ordered the charbroiled oysters and they were good some too little but good flavor, I got the bbq shrimp delicious! My friend got the shrimp platter she likes it, why I give 4 stars because we sit outside and the sun was in our face, they have curtains so they should pulling down so we dont have to deal with the sun, we definitely come back.In general, the food and service were very poor.  I recommend that you avoid this restaurant until they hire a competent manager.
First, the good.  The location and restaurant design were very nice.  The raw oysters were very good, similar to what you get at Manale's.
The fair:  The chargrilled oysters were OK but not nearly as good as Drago's and a number of other restaurants.
The bad:  We ordered bowls of turtle soup, gumbo, and oyster soup and all came out cold.  We had to ask for sherry for the turtle soup.  One table near us also ordered gumbo and complained that it was cold.  
In addition, the soups were not very good.  None of the soups had the complex flavors that you get with soups at Fury's, Manale's, or Mandina's.
The service was very slow.  The server was not surprised that the soups were cold but offered to have them heated.  After waiting 20 minutes for the cold soups, we decided not to waste more time having them heated.
A good restaurant manager would not allow this combination of poor food and service.
I hate giving a New Orleans restaurant such a poor review but I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone.I sat for 20 minutes waiting to be served at a empty restaurant and nothing. No water no orders, and a party entering after gets served drinks just is disappointing. It is not busy and an empty inside, all the customers are outside. Officially scratched off the list of places to go.Cute place off Lake Pontchartrain, food was so so, and service was SLOW, yet friendly. I ordered the shrimp cocktail and six small pieces of shrimp came out on a bed of lettuce. Not the best appetizer. Then I asked about the fish tacos which come in flour and NOT corn tortillas. That's not an option so I settled for a bowl of seafood gumbo. Had better. Asked for French bread which came out COLD. Overall, not the best experience.In NOLA for business and stopped in for dinner
I  highly recommend Felix's the food was great and our server was  top notch she was very knowledgeable about the food and her prompt and friendly service was outstanding 
Thanks MiyaB for a great experience.
Will be backOyaters Rockefeller, for lunch.  They have been better.  A luttoe over cooked this time.Had a great lunch and fun time at Felix's today!  The manager, who I believed was named Al, and the server who I believe was named Chloe, made the lunch very enjoyable as well as festive!  I appreciate all of their efforts to make the day so fun for me and my friends!  Thank you!Oysters Rockefeller tasted like canned spinach. Plating looked like slop. We ordered royal red shrimp which are wonderful when fresh from the continental shelf. We have had in Pensacola Beach and they are great when purchased at Joe patties. These shrimp need to be cooked very carefully or they can taste like rubber which is what they tasted like here. I will not be back. It's clear that Felix 's survives in the quarters because tourists come one time and then go home.This review is for the downstairs portion of the bar. Fun atmosphere, good live music, and great views of the marina and sunset. Happy hour specials on drinks and food are pretty decent. The calamari and onion rings were good for bar food and the Caesar salad was pretty good too if you like to drink and eat salad. This is a fun place to hang out with your friends, board games, jenga, and cornhole... not too loud and you can have a conversation. The crowd is 30s to 50s, so more of my vibe...sorry college party kids. There is limited parking right next to the bar/restaurant (maybe less than 10 spaces), but there is plentiful public parking on the opposite side of the street and down the road, but keep in mind you may have to walk a little bit to get here, especially on a weekend night.Outstanding view.  View is 5 star.  Char grilled oysters were cooked so long that the oyster had disappeared.   Chef said that is how they are cooked.  Sorry no they are not.Had a horrible experience yesterday at Felix due to the security guard/agent at the front door. He was verbally abusive to 2 elderly ladies. 1 was an employee who appeared to be a hostess seating guests and the other was a tourist. He was demeaning and telling them to "shut up" and basically yelling at them for no reason, in front of A PACKED RESTAURANT. The manager was called over and laughed it off because he did not see what we as guests all saw and heard. Just because you have a gun does not make it ok to verbally abuse ANYBODY through fear and intimidation ESPECIALLY FOR NO REASON. COMPLETELY DISGUSTED by this experience. These ladies could be anyones grandmothers. Not acceptable and made it worst to see management not care because he too was clearly intimidated by this arrogant bully.A good sunset happy hour! Mia our server ,was  thoughtful, Friendly and efficient. She made the night. We had a few beers and margaritas. The chard-boiled oysters and meat pies delicious! The shrimp cocktail was not local Shrimp so not great. The Shrimp scampi was ok. We will be backIf I could give Felix's zero stars, I would. Five of us got to the restaurant at 8:15, and there were only a few other tables filled. It took the waitress about 10 minutes to take our drink order and another 10 minutes to bring us 4 waters and a draft beer.
She finally took our order around 8:40, and the food trickled out sporadically about 35 minutes later. After she brought out all of the food except for mine, she told me what I ordered was sold out. She didn't offer me anything else to eat.
After we finished eating, we were the only table left in the restaurant. Since they closed at 9, you would think they would try to get us out so they could shut the place down. Nope. It still took another 20+ minutes to get the check, because our waitress stopped to chat with every coworker who was clocking out. 
The overpriced food that we did get was just okay. The service was horrendous. We won't be back.Went last night and had really bad service and food was just okay. Sad to say but they really need to beef it up get some cooking tips from R&O's their fried seafood is so good.  The drinks were good but food just okay! It's          a shame because they have a great location overlooking water. The manager came to our table since we waited 30 min for drinks I could tell he felt bad. I hope they can improve with service and food. Best of luck to ya hoping it gets better.EDIT: The owner responded to this very quickly and was very concerned with the situation. He was very professional and has assured me that the situation with be taken care of. After the quick response and professionalism of the owner, we may definitely return. Thank you very much Jeff for all of your help. 
This was our first time going and we just left after going eat with a party of 5. There wasn't a wait but when our drinks came from the bar, one of the drinks was wrong. No problem when our server comes back we'll get it fixed, too bad it took forever for her to come back to the table. 
Every time the server came to the table, if we had a question she would run away as soon as we asked her even though someone else may have had another question or we needed to order something else. When the food came out one of the entrees was wrong and again it took a while for the server to come check and see if everything was correct. 
When it came time to get togo boxes and the check we waited for at least 15 min after finishing eating for our server to come back to the table(she probably hadn't been by the table in at least 25-30 min).
When it came time to give the server our cards to pay one of the people in my party made a joke about taking the salt and pepper shakers home and as the table is laughing because we were clearly not serious she immediately caught an attitude and became very rude towards the table. When she returned our cards to us she promptly tossed them on the table and walked away. Not once did she say "thank you", "have a nice night", or anything to that extent. 
Coming from someone who has worked in the service industry for years, you NEVER act this way towards a customer whether you get along with them or not. You put on a happy face and try to make their defining experience as pleasant as possible. I guess she didn't care about how she treated us because of the fact that her tip was already included on the check. We definitely will not be returning.Loved our meal here....great service abs great food....no complaints!! Sar on the patio outside, was a nice breeze blowing and overcast. Hubby had oysters and the seafood plate.....daughter had the chicken alfredo......I had the fish tacos!!For being a New Orleans restaurant the food was a great disappointment. Crab dip appetizer was not warm and looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The batter on the fried seafood was not good. Seafood was not the quality you should receive in this area. Will not return.Curtis & Sid were my first Oyster Shuckers. They were really enjoyable to chat with. I'm sitting here with Zack today. He's just as cheerful. The view sitting at the oyster bar overlooks the harbor. It's a great way to spend the afternoon eating freshly shocked oysters having a cocktail, listening to Tay Charles on the speaker, Parrot Head/beach music was playing downstairs when I arrived...There's chatter about with patrons conversing, laughter, children heard from time to time letting out a belt of laughter. Typical of a beautiful summer day in New Orleans. 
I've just been handed some Turtle Soup that reminds me of my mother's. Hands down, Grandma Joyce as she is affectionately known for her culinary skills, would be content with this version. Of course, it came in a close second behind Grandma Joyce's! He he...
My oysters are perfect! 
Heather, one of the servers was very busy but maintained her cool and pleasant attitude. It's great to have staff smile even when you know their resources may be a bit taxed. Sign of good wait staff. Kudos Heather as well as Ronald, whom I assume is in a management position. Ronald kept the flow moving so customer service didn't lack. 
As I look around I realized how much better this town is since Hurricane Katrina. Our NOLA favorites have stepped up their game!Last night at Felix's was amazing! Our server Kaitlyn was so incredibly sweet and attentive! The manager on duty was also very kind and helpful. We didn't care for the oysters Rockefeller, but they took that off our bill and replaced it with the oysters du jour, which were phenomenal! Our entrees were delicious as well. We will certainly be back!This place was amazing! We had the best service from the moment we arrived. My fiancée and I both got grilled platters with veggies and sweet fries. Amazing! We were especially impressed with the seasoning of the grilled fish, shrimp, and vegetables. Even the dessert was awesome! We ate for less than $100 with appetizers and dessert. Will definitely be back!We had a great experience.  We ate lunch here and got the bbq shrimp pasta and the shrimp scampi and both were great.  Our server, Mia, was so friendly and professional.  Thank you!  We had a very nice anniversaryThis place was pretty good!  We started with a dozen raw oysters.  We both had a cup of turtle soup which was thicker than I am used to but had great flavor.  Then for our lunch I had the wedge salad, which I wouldn't get again and my husband had another dozen raw oysters.  Our bill was pretty expensive considering the amount of food we had but the oysters is what took up most of the bill we paid close to $1.50 an oyster which is high but we enjoyed them no less!!Wait too long slow service   Been waiting g for an hour for order To go or more left canceled orderSecond Time there last night and the two young ladies bar tending down stairs were excellent! They both made you feel at home and took their time with you. They came over and had conversations with my wife and I and engaged. With the water and boats right behind you it is a perfect place to have a bite, a drink and time. Will definitely be heading back there again just to have a drink with the two entertaining bartenders!I thought I was on a movie set when my party of 3 entered the restaurant. Two waiters were conversing and another was on her phone  they glanced at us and one by one walked away. We seated ourselves at one of the empty tables. in fact the only other party on the deck was leaving. A young lady came out to bus that table and asked us if we needed a waiter. ?????!!!! Well yes. The tables around us needed to be wiped off, there were bits of food and crumbs. When the server came out with menus we asked to have the table wiped off. She 1st suggested that we move to a different table and told us all the tables were damp because of the weather/ humidity. But she would get a bus person clean our table. She went inside the restaurant then came back outside with a rag in her hand and proceeded to wipe the table. She gave us regular dinner menu so I asked about happy hour specials. She went and got a menu with happy hour items and prices. One person ordered a Sazarac but (we're not sure what was served).. ordered char broiled oysters, which were overbreaded and dry. The fried pickles were great tho. I went to that location when it was Brisbi's, and the food and drink was always spot on, and warm attentive servers. Such a contrast to today's experience!  I'm not going back.Not gonna lie, Felix's was a pretty big letdown. We were planning on heading down to the original at the quarter, but decided to come to this location because it was closer to where we were staying and we didn't want to deal with the crowd... probably would've preferred to fight the crowd in the quarter. 
We arrived around 6:30 on a Thursday night, and it seemed moderately busy but not ridiculously so. We requested an outside table, because it was a nice night. The hostess seemed perplexed by this request. Despite there being a number of open and clean tables, we waited maybe 15 minutes while she... disappeared? She finally came to grab us to seat us, and led us to the bar, where she had a conversation for a few minutes with her supervisor before being told to go seat us first. Just, what? What a strange move.
The view from the patio overlooking the lake was incredible, and we managed to get there just in time for the sunset. That was far and away the best part of the whole experience. After being seated, we were not helped by anyone for at least 20 minutes. Then someone came by to ask if we had been helped yet, and immediately disappeared to send someone else to help us. Mmmmkay. Our server came by and we put in our food and drink orders immediately because we were concerned this would be our one shot. Never a great feeling. 
I had the half fried shrimp poboy and crawfish etouffee. The etouffee was wonderful, delicious, and piping hot to warm my belly as it got cold after the sun set. I loved how well balanced, and am glad it came with rice and a hearty amount of crawfish. The poboy was a bit of a letdown. The fried shrimp was yummy, and the dressings were all fine, but the bread was just really chewy. Like I really had to work through the bread to get to the good stuff. My friend had the poboy as well, with fries. She said both were good. Our third dining companion got the shrimp Cobb salad. She said it tasted good, but had to put so much work into preparing it for herself -- first, she asked for no egg (there was egg included), then the radishes (weird thing to include in a Cobb salad) and cucumbers came in huuuuge chunks that she had to cut down herself before being able to eat. Not to be a dick, but if we are paying to go out to eat, social construct dictates that the food come, yenno, prepared. 
Service continued to be lackluster throughout the meal, and we waited quite some time after finishing our entrees before we got the check, and then again for the check to come back. It really just was not that busy there. 
It seems unlikely that we would return, or at least not to this location. Hopefully the Quarter location is a little bit better at handling patrons.We had Joseph as a waiter, and it was the most perfect delicious fun and relaxing evening we've had in NOLA in quite some time. My father in law was in town, who is very into wine, and we were greeted and treated wonderfully by Joseph and Ronald who gave us a history through wine. The food (oysters, fish, and all else) was perfect and we can't wait to come back again. Perfect spot for the upscale Saints enthusiast who is looking to enjoy a great meal and wine without the frustration of a sports bar with poor food and service. Ambiance is great and we can't wait to come back! Thanks again!I really love this place! We go every time we come to NOLA. The seating took some time this visit, but we fully expected it since it was Mardi Gras weekend.  I'm sure it was quicker than being seated somewhere in the French Quarter!  The hostess was great though and we got some cocktails, so we really didn't even notice the wait.  The food was delicious as always--top on the list this visit for me was charbroiled oysters and the calamari. We always get the oysters (awesome, as usual!), but the calamari was a new try. Delicious!  Everyone at the table really enjoyed their dishes.  The service was running a little slow since they were slammed for MG, but was very smooth. The manager, Mike ran us our appetizers and he was so cool and friendly--very New Orleans! And of course...the bread pudding. Yum.  I'm looking forward to coming back soon!Last week after months of hard work --and not eating out--I went to Felix's lakefront place and ordered oysters Rockefeller --and what a surprise when they came out of the kitchen --sort of looked like a xmas ornament with red decor on top and some burnt green stuff poking out ---was that the  spinach ??  and what was the other  stuff (crawfish?)  And on top of it all something else --   IT WAS HOT SAUCE !!!  WHAT alien stuff is this I asked the obliging oyster shucker  who  got me the chef (a guy from Orlando who said that's the way the Rockefellers are made). --anyway I gave   back the oysters Rock  after tasting one of these new fashioned oysters Rock ---  meanwhile my mouth was searing  from the hot sauce (THAT NOVA HOT STUFF THAT PASSES FOR CREOLE AND CAJUN THESE DAYS VS  THE DELICATE CREOLE FLAVORS ) .   Anyway  didn't taste the delicate flavor of spinach and oyster  which is what I was accustomed to  for years --with all the junk on the oyster and spinach along with the fire of hot sauce. Perhaps nola chefs are confused with the influx of new people into nola or food art presentation is more important than good taste and sense 
Best happening at Felix:  the polite shucker and half dozen raw oysters with just enough horseradish, ketchup and dash of hot  sauce --requim for old but simply good Rockefeller that "was" nola but obviously aint no mo.food was good and the service was ok, but portions are small and way overpriced for example $ 19.00 for a dozen raw oysters IN SEASON IN NEW ORLEANS and $25.00 for 6 Royal Red shrimp, they are $12.00 at Basin restaurant  and not overcooked..but nice view of the docks and the lake.In NOLA for business and stopped in for dinner highly recommend Felix's the food was great and our server was  top notch she was very knowledgeable about the food and her prompt and friendly service was outstanding 
Thanks MiyaB for a great experience.
Will be backNo crawfish in crawfish ettouffe. Found a few pieces of overcooked mushy crawfish the size of a dime. There were 6 fried tails (dime size) sprinkled on top. Fried tails don't belong in ettouffe! The sauce was fine. $17.95 for sauce and rice, aghh! Grilled oysters were good. That's why 2 star not 1. All waiters seem poorly trained & disappear often. Not busy on a Fri. night. Many signs of failure & closing soon.Delicious crab dip and seafood gumbo. Husband said BBQ Shrimp poboy was excellent.  Definitely will be coming back.We were seated immediately. There was a wedding reception going on downstairs which I thought was cool. The server we had was very sweet. My husband decided the cocktail he ordered was too sweet and I was just going to drink it myself but the server offered to bring him something else and not charge for the drink he didn't like. The food came of fast and everything was delicious. We had turtle soup,  oyster artichoke soup,  char grilled oysters and we both ordered a pasta. It was definitely a pleasant experience all around. Not to mention the scenery. We will definitely return. It's been a long time since we've had a great server and a great meal at the same time.Ate there a couple weeks ago. My daughter had shrimp tacos and I had a shrimp boil.  Mine was ok, seemed overcooked and had absolutely no seasoning on it.  My wife had a very blank shrimp scampi, but they comp that meal and she got a friend scrimp basket to go.....so we paid for that instead of the scampi, unfortunately that was $20 for a total of ten scrimp.  2 dollars for cocktail size shrimp.  But at list the joint had a great view of the water!I am giving it two stars because all workers were wearing masks and following guidelines. Although the service was good, the food was awful. Oysters were size of a quarter downstairs but large in restaurant. Go figure.... My crawfish etouffee was cold, had ZERO crawfish, and the crab dip was tan! I will return for the music but won't eat.Great family restaurant.  Something for everyone.  Raw oysters were good sized and delicious.  Seafood gumbo was excellent - dark roux, plenty of seafood.  Turtle soup was loaded with meat.  Scampi dipping sauce for fried calamari was a nice touch.  Save room for dessert - we especially liked the bread pudding, served warm on a cold night.  Service was great- fast and friendly.  We hope to go back on a warmer evening and enjoy the outdoor areas.Not wanting to pay $50 for Uber to go to Felix's on Iberville (Mardi Gras rates) we decided to try this closer location. The food was wonderful - from start (fantastic char-grilled oysters, tender blackened alligator) to finish (delicious bread pudding) and everything in between.  What made this location stand out, though, was the genuine friendliness and sense of welcoming from the host, Ronald, and our server Kyla.  Our arrival was very close to the end of happy hour, so they made sure to get our drink orders put in right away.  We were well taken care of throughout our meal, and came away full and happy.I have been here more times than I can count. Every time the food is hands down amazing. However, the experience is tainted every time by bad service. We have had decent service maybe twice out of 15+ visits. Either extremely slow service or forgetful servers. Really disappointing when the food and drinks are great. We have given it so many chances for the food and for the boat accessibility. However, we will be taking a hiatus from this location.Great experience, food was delicious and the service was great . The blood Mary's very good and the oysters we're a great size .Great atmosphere average food. I little pricey for the quality you get. I will go back many times because the view and atmosphere is one of a kindWent to Felix lakefront for happy hour on Friday 1/18/19.  Sat at the bar and got the happy hour menu which showed Absolut and call spirits as 5 dollars.  My friend ordered a Absolut Dirty Martini and I ordered a Knob Creek Bourbon.  When I got the bill they were priced at 8 dollars.  I understand that the Absolut Martini may be over 5 dollars because it may be a larger pour but not the Knob Creek it is clearly a call spirit.  Also the glass the Bourbon came in was one of the smallest glasses I have seen in the area.  At least the Dixie draft was 3 dollars.
We also ordered some chargrilled oysters which were some of the worst that I ever had.  No sauce and dry at a dollar and a half each.  I have had the chargrilled oysters from here in the past and they were much better.
The individuals behind the bar were great though and they got a decent tip.  It was not their fault.  Do yourself a favor go down the street better food, drinks and bang for the buck.  If you are going to list call spirits for 5 dollars then they should be 5 dollars.Not sure if Felix's really runs out of crawfish that fast or if we just keep missing it, but the past few times we have gone on a weekend around 1230 (they open at 11), they have already run out of crawfish for the day! Which is just wild to me. We get other things to make up for it, but when you go somewhere for crawfish AND the oysters, it's a bummer when one is out. 
That said, their seafood selections on the menu are decent and give you a nice taste of "New Orleans" flavors. The fish poboy was okay but a little small, oysters are definitely the star of the show here. 
Outdoor seating downstairs is seat yourself with table service, and they have music often. You can't beat the views!Great local seafood restaurant. Has a great view of the water, amazing food and wonderful service. Kayla C was my waitress and she went above and beyond to ensure I had an amazing dinner! Highly recommend!Stopped in Felix's on the way from Slidell to the airport. First time for us, and it was FANTASTIC!  Gill, who was our waiter, was charismatic, kind, and funny!  As a two long-timers in the service industry, my girlfriend and I were most impressed with our service!  The food was AMAZING. My friend had oysters du jour, I had BBQ shrimp, and my husband had raw oysters and a cup of red beans and rice. All perfect!  Gill went above and beyond our expectations when he offered to make my husband's cocktail sauce, usually my job!  We will be back with other first-timers!The location is great, by the water is always enjoyable. Simply put, the food is not exceptional, just basic bar food turned up a notch. It's another standard New Orleans grub restaurant.
The fish in the grilled fish tacos was mushy. The calamari was bland and fried too long. Chargrilled oysters was best of the meal.Came here for dinner with my boyfriend. We decided to sit at the outside oyster bar- and thank god for that! My fork was dirty with brown gunk caked on it and our food took super long to come out and when it finally did my order was wrong. It was also an extremely small portion for a seafood platter that costs $21. I came here specifically for boiled seafood which is on the menu but they weren't serving any boiled seafood. The only reason I enjoyed myself was the oyster shucker Chris. He was awesome! If it wasn't for him I would have gotten up and left.Perfect setting, nice seating indoors and out. Pretty good, standard New Orleans seafood menu. The raw oysters are good and cold and salty. The specialty oysters aren't worth it. Everything else I've had was good. The turtle soup is great. 
But, I've been here twice in the last few weeks and once before that and the service is always in a free fall. I'm not sure this restaurant has a manager. The service is always chaotic and nobody seems to be able to handle the flow of the dining room. My advice is to go at off-peak hours and maybe you'll have better luck getting your drinks before your entrees (they served the appetizers with the check)Frozen Seafood  not local and we tried it all except Ousters. So disappointed. We really wanted to be happy with new location. Will never returnThis was my favorite place that me and my cousin ate on our five day vacation every single thing we got was absolutely amazing from the drinks to the oysters RockefellerWhat a terrible experience. I'm reviewing in the hopes that other yelpers don't make the same mistake I did by choosing to eat at Felix's. My family and I arrived for lunch on Lundi Gras. I have an almost 4 week old, so I had been itching for time outside the house. Our waiter took our drink order while we waited on one member of our party to arrive. We placed our order and started with chargrilled oysters which were lukewarm when served. Long story short, after atleast 40 minutes of waiting on entrees, (our waiter was AWOL), we found a manager who seemed less than concerned we hadn't gotten our food yet. After some more waiting, our server finally came back to the table and asked if we wanted anything to eat. 
We responded confused because we had ordered long ago and he took our menus, but we never received our food. He said there was never an order put in. We asked for the check and left without any apologies but more importantly no lunch.
I can't believe I put pants on for this.Very scenic And casual. May have been the fact that it was a designated place to watch the saints so it was extremely loud.  Outside of that the view and setting was very nice overlooking the water. Tried the char grilled oysters, crab cakes and a shrimp Po Boy. All very good.First off, I will acknowledge that this review is about a to go order, and it was the first weekend most restaurants were open during the Covid-19 crisis. And, the actual oysters I had were really good. BUT, I used the online menu to order a $18 oyster poboy and fries. Oysters are expensive since the BP oil spill, and we've been craving them lately, so what the heck.
When I picked it up, the bill was $24. Not sure why I didn't take a receipt, but I'm guessing they tacked on some sort of surcharge for the pandemic--I've been hearing rumors of this happening. So...I paid $24 for a sandwich and fries and went to a nearby park to eat.
The french bread was about 8" long and really skinny, so the top had come off and the lettuce was mixed in the the very under-cooked stringy fries. It almost wasn't worth trying to reconstruct the sandwich (which they hadn't cut in half, by the way).
Look, I get it: to-go food in a styrofoam container will not be as great as dine-in, and it will get soggier. But these fries were more white than brown--they were never crispy, especially when basically served on a bed of lettuce that should have been on my sandwich, which should have been wide enough to remain as a sandwich (or tooth-picked together).
But I also feel very strongly that if you're going to charge someone $24 dollars for a single sandwich with fries, you should take some pride in what you're serving.
I'll say it again, the oysters themselves were quite good. Good enough to make me think it may be worth going back another time for another chance. But then I keep thinking that even if the fries had been cooked well enough and the sandwich was built as if they cared, it still wasn't worth $24.
I kept thinking of the old expression "A bargain at HALF the price." But of course, it wouldn't have been a bargain at half the price. It would have just been less frustrating at half the price.This place as good entertainment and good food. Only bad part was that the Hostess was EXTREMELY rude. Hopefully other people don't have the same experience.I enjoyed Felix's in Uptown years ago so was excited to try the new one in Lakeview. We met for a friend gathering on the porch outside overlooking the lake. This is a nice relaxing view and casual, vacation-like atmosphere. 
They have a frozen Rose and we partook in several of those while munching on appetizers of crab claws in a butter sauce,chargrilled oysters, raw oysters and red beans. Everything was good with the sauces bread dipping worthy. Will definitely return for the laid back vibe, good food and drinks!Came here with my kids/family. We are locals and we frequent this place, especially during crawfish season being that the crawfish are usually tasty. Came here tonight, they were out of crawfish! Ok, ordered a "pound" of Dungeness crabs which I buy from my local grocer all of the time! I happen to know that 2 small clusters do NOT equal a pound. So, for $36 here comes 2 small clusters. I asked for the manager, Mike, voiced my concerns and was told, "I'm not about to give you a pound for free" that was totally insulting because I was just actually asking for that pound I paid for, not anything for free. He was very stand-offish and rude. He could've solved all of this by just bringing the scale out if he was so confident 2 small clusters were a pound. Needless to say, my family and I will NEVER DINE HERE AGAIN. 
Thanks Mike, for losing a frequent family for coming across as rude, arrogant, and racist. I didn't bring my family here for anything "free"Had a wonderful time celebrating my sister's birthday and Felix's was just the place to be. 
Love the ambiance of the boats nearby, the open seating, the downstairs area where folks play cornhoe and other board games; way cool place for relaxing. 
The oysters were great tasting, but a tad small, not the fault of the restaurant, what's the adage about OYSTERS & MONTHS WITH THE LETTER R? It may be true. Lol. 
Parking adjacent to the restaurant is limited but across the street, have you way, parking galore. 
Pricing was ehhhhhhh, could've been better considering the portion sizes. 
Drinks were stiff and quite served NATURALLY N'AWINS STYLE... Ummm ummm good!!! 
The staff were super duper nice and quite accommodating. The manager, or maybe he wasn't, but I know he wasn't a server; visited out table twice to ensure all was well. I loved his demeanor, but didn't catch his name. Although, I did manage to gaze lovingly at his Jewish star pendant, great hair cut & super stylish glasses. 
Great time. Great place. On my next visit, we'll sit outside on the deck/patio and watch the boats go by. #sittingonthedockofthebayGreat view of the lake.  Yummy crab claws, fried alligator, and meat pies.  Gil is a wonderful server and Ronald G is a great Manager.  Will defiantly be back.Very small parking lot but they have one 
Remember this is the lakefront 
Two story building 
Located by the lakefront
Great breeze 
Listening to live band music downstairs 
Outside 
Barstools 
High tables 
Great atmosphere 
Oysters on the half shell 
we are in October the beginning of the season and they are small and petite but still tasty 
House Red wine 
Jameson green tea daiquiri really really good
Great way to start the weekend 
Here on a Friday nightMy wife and I stopped in at Felix's on Monday for a couple of drinks because we were early for our dinner reservation. We had decided to delay our Valentine's Day celebration to avoid the frenzy of the actual day.
We were pleasantly surprised to learn that it was happy hour. Marquita was our server and she was very pleasant and attentive. She familiarized us with the happy hour specials and we really enjoyed chatting with her while we were there.
Although it's a bit out of the way for us, we'll definitely be going back again.We decided last minute to go with a group of friends to get some crawfish- the downstairs atmosphere is perfect for cocktails and enjoying a nice evening. The manager Ronald was incredible- when he heard it was our first time at this location he brought out some charbroiled oysters. They were delicious, we were the crawfish and drinks. And he made us feel like regulars! Looking forward to spending many spring and summer afternoons on the water there!Ryan Mcmahon was hands down the best bartender I have ever seen. This guy is incredible. Ladies, if you are looking for a boyfriend, get your butt to this restaurant ASAP.Had the pleasure of checking out the newest location of Felix's last night at the lakefront. I love the french quarter location, but the new lakefront location is much easier to get to. Not mad about it. The staff was super friendly and attentive. The GM came out spoke with us regarding future upgrades in the way of decor. Honestly, given it's on the lakefront I didn't mind. I much prefer a restaurant prioritize the food/menu over decor. I had my first ever Frose (I'm late to the game I know) it was delicious and packed a punch. The GM informed us that it also contains triple sec and raspberry vodka...yum! Our group ordered almost every appetizer. The meat and crawfish pies were great. They're mini versions so great for sharing. The fried alligator was my favorite
 It was a generous portion of fried gator for the price. Golden brown and still tender! We also had a round of the oyster du jour which was fried oysters in a thai chili sauce. I don't even like fried oysters and I found these very tasty. I had the BBQ shrimp pasta as an entree and it was delicious.I would definitely recommend trying it. Everyone else got a pasta as their  main dish and each was pretty solid. The pastalaya was actually really flavorful and I was surprised by how much I liked it. Normally that dish isn't my jam. The deserts were pretty solid as well key lime pie and pecan pie. The only lackluster moment was the bread pudding.  The presentation wasn't great and the texture flavor was mediocre at best. All in all I loved this place and still feel its worth your money to check it out. Just avoid the bread pudding!!!Great happy hour! The oysters (both raw and charbroiled) are delicious! However, we had to wait for 20minutes before the shucker started cooking our charbroiled oysters and the restaurant not packed.  The verdict is out on whether or not I'll return.‍Lakeshore location offers outside dining overlooking the lake, boats, jets skiing and other bars and restaurants in the area. Inside offers at times live bands performing while dining. All depends on the day. Oysters are top notch and the fish is delish. Signature cocktails are also mixed to perfection. I would recommend to others for something light while drinking a cocktail and enjoying the outside atmosphere.Good Restaurant, will come again. Calm environment, great view and my waiter was great. Very happy and explanation of explaining the food of choice and specialty. Fair price and good for the kids. Very great view of the lakefront.This was my second experience at Felix's. Both times I've gone for oysters & a glass of white wine over the water. Tonight our waiter Gage was such an absolute doll... he was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. The chargrilled oysters were spectacular, and I've tried them all over New Orleans. These honestly might be my favorite I've ever had. A perfectly lovely & relaxed experience.Came down and our cousin-in-law took us to this restaurant. We wanted to go for happy hour but just missed it! He ordered us the buttery shrimp, alligator, crab claws, charboiled oysters, raw oysters, and the oyster and shrimp poboy. Everything was delicious! Alligator tastes just like chicken. So glad we were introduced to this restaurant!Nightmarish restaurant and service - from the hostess - server - sous chef - to the night manager.  NIGHTMARE.
I brought out-of-town and country guests in for an authentic NOLA meal. 
The food was cold. The $18 Crawfish Etouffee was served without - ONE - crawfish in the bowl. After the cold entree was set aside. TWENTY MINUTES LATER a small plate of fried crawfish tails were presented with the check.
The drinks were forgotten. The silverware was forgotten. The appetizer plates were forgotten. The young boy bringing out the crawfish pies was sullen   - he incorrectly garnished the plate - no sauce and no plates to share the numerous apps. The sous chef was morose as he delivered a lukewarm stew and told us crawfish etouffee is not made with crawfish anywhere in Louisiana  ... except at the other 7 restaurants we ate at the same week and my mother's house and grandmothers house for 60 years.
 They screwed up the oyster bar order TWICE.
My shrimp remoulade had not ONE shrimp. 
They forgot an entree.
They never returned to take the order for the missing entree. One guest sat with no food the entire meal while others played with incomplete lukewarm to cool dishes.
The BBQ shrimp arrived barely hot with no bread. 
The manager never made it to the table to speak to us after went and asked for her three times and comped nothing. We all left hungry and miffed after an hour and half of being ignored. 
THEN a drunk relative of an employee screamed at our host and verbally abused her on the way out the door!!!!!!!!This place is HORRIBLE!!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! I brought my family to celebrate this past September. So to Covid we had to sit separate. We ordered charbroiled oysters and few more appetizers to start. Our soups were room temperature and two different consistency. The oysters were cold. When we told management, they took it back and reserved remaining portion cold again! Not only that, the cook came while I had my two year old grandson on my lap, slammed the tray and said and I quote " here's your fucking oysters " in front of a child! We proceeded to talk to the manager who did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! We were then asked to leave with no compromise. Do yourself A HUGE FAVOR AND SKIP THIS PLACE. Horrible staff and food!!! I will NEVER eat at any of these establishments ever again and would NEVER recommend!!!This was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant! We arrived, was seated and wasn't greeted by our server until about 30 minutes after being seated. The server was sweet but clearly had no clue of what she was doing. After we ordered, a whole hour had passed before we got our food and when it came, it was cold and disproportioned. Our drinks were melted, we had no and weren't offered any napkins or condiments. Finally, when it arrived, I sent my food back right back. Minutes later, The manager comes to my table confronting me about why I no longer wanted my food, he wasn't nice his tone was aggressive and he seemed angry when I responded and walked off, he didn't offer something different or seemed to care at all. I simply asked them to remove the item from my ticket and he refused because "I had no reason to not want my food". He was very much whatever about it and didn't seem to care about the service or pleasing the customer. He literally said "oh well" when I expressed that I needed the item removed. I hadn't touched the food, the plate was on the table for no more than 5 seconds. I shouldn't have had to explain anything, If i no longer want an item, I shouldn't be bullied to keep it and pay for it. I feel robbed and I would never recommended anyone to this place. Even after I asked them to remove the item, the server proceeded to process the payment without my knowledge!!!!!(she already had my payment) I've been to some places that were no so great but this tops every experience. This man humiliated me and he showed no remorse for his actions. It's restaurants like this, that can be so great but the management and service SUCKS! They are not fit for the title/job, they are racists and very selective with whom they choose to be professional with. I wish I can rate this place 0 stars! I will post this review on all
platforms so everyone can know what kind of person runs this place. I guarantee no one won't want to come and spend their money there after I let them know of my horrible experience. The sad part about this is I was excited to finally try this place out, never again! Please just go next door to the Blue Crab or try the french quarter location where customer service comes first!We love this place.  Food good and reasonably priced.  Oh and the view, love the view, love the atmosphere.  The employees are awesome also!!I have to say, the location is the best part about Felix's. The patio and view of the lake is gorgeous. Other than that, I could do without the service and food. Admittedly, I only tried the chargrilled oysters, red beans and rice, a Bloody Mary, and the cheesecake. 
First off, the service leaves something to be desired. There seem to be plenty of staff but it's hard to tell who does what or who is assigned to what table. I waited quite a while to be able to place my order and even then everything came out at different times and in no particular order. 
My red beans and rice were pretty salty. The oysters were full of pieces of oyster shell. My Bloody Mary came out when I was halfway done with my food. And I didn't even get a water until I was nearly done with my meal. As for the cheesecake, let's just say I wouldn't recommend the dessert here. Maybe the location in the Quarter is better?They were VERY stingy with the food. They only put 3 shrimp in my pasta and not a lot of Alfredo sauce either. For as much money as this place makes with their overpriced food, they can definitely afford to be less stingy when making the meals. Also, the char-grilled oysters are not worth the money you pay for them. They're not only super small, but also have a weird bitter taste to them. Similarly, the service was horrible as well. If you're thinking of a nice seafood place, I recommend literally anywhere elseIt's true what others say, the service here is HORRIBLE! We sat down and a server came up to is pretty quickly to take our drinks and apps order then disappeared, like vanished. We only stay for appetizers because  our servers never came back to check on us after they delivered our oysters, fed up and frustrated after waiting for 40 minutes (after getting our apps) we left. Honestly, looking for someone to give us the bill was no easy task either. Save yourself the frustration and do not go here if you are hungry because you'd starve before being served. The food does not make up for the horrible service.Great local restaurant with super good food and drinks. The frose and bushwhacker are delicious. The chargrilled oysters are the best I have had! So happy they are now on the lakefront. Beautiful location! I went on Sunday for the point after show with Bobby Hebert which was great with a beautiful view of the water. Must try!!I've been to Felix's seveal times and had a fair number of items from the menu. If you are looking for raw or chargrilled oysters, this place is very good. Their fried seafood, however, is mediocre. There is much better in town. I recently had a fried oyster poboy which was not very satisfying. The oysters were small and full of shells. The breading which was cornmeal just overwhelmed the oyster. Another positive note is the view which is great including the dock. Hope this helps.Great food and great service.  Lpved the BBQ shrimp and BBQ oysters.  Services was great, nice view too.Great atmosphere. Friendly service. Parking not convenient but we Took Uber. Sunset on the lake is beautiful but not much lake to see. Just the harbor which is still nice.  Ordered chargrilled oysters and they were so very dry.  I had never had oysters so dry before. Nothing on the plate to dip the French bread in.   Crab cakes however were excellent!  Two cakes all crab. Very little breading with an excellent sauce.  Yummy.  Tried buffalo oysters. Also great. I didn't think that would be a good combo but it works. My husband sweats when he eats spicy and his head was dripping like Bobby Brown.  . Also had crawfish pie and those were great as well.  We came for the apps and drinks. Only thing disappointing were the chargrilled oysters.  Will be back though.Want fresh Louisiana seafood along the New Orleans lakefront? 
Check out Felix's. Locally owned and operated, Felix's has been serving Louisiana oysters and seafood since the 1940's.
Although this location has opened recently, it was packed at 8 PM on a Sunday night. Great to watch the sunset at the lakefront as we waited for our fresh catch of the day. On a warm day, they open the "garage doors" to an outdoor balcony. 
The blackened speckled trout with cheese grits was   so delicious. The blackened redfish, a New Orleans Classic, was perfectly paired with sautéed squash and coleslaw. There are even lots of flatscreen TVs so you don't have to miss a minute of the Saints game.Discontinued the lunch menu (months ago according to server) though it's still on the website 
Only redeeming thing was our server who was training though did it all on her own because here trainer along with managers were no where to be seen
Sad because it's a beautiful patio overlooking the water and boats 
But not worth it for over prices mediocre foodI ordered the Bayou  Platter Sampler and I was VERY disappointed. I ate bites of all of it and it was so gross. The red beans were alright I guess if I had to pick one.  I left with a full plate. Before you order this, please go try a box of Zatarain's and make it yourself. 
My bowls were passed around and not a single person thought it was decent. Someone even said the jambalaya tasted like perfume or air freshener. 
Bloody Mary was good. Go have drinks and enjoy the view.Great night with the girls! Great food and amazing service!!!  Brittany was the best. Thank you so much for making our night amazing. Your food selections were on point and I loved your spirit and welcome way. Will be back to see youOutstanding service! The portions are great, and well seasoned. Thoroughly enjoyed my experience at the restaurant. Can't wait to come back.Charbroiled oysters were terrible, drinks were good and boiled shrimp excellent.  Service was good.Kyla was very knowledgeable of the menu! She checked on us consistently! Very welcoming & easy to talk to!Our Server Caitlyn was very greatlyn!!! It was my girlfriends 21st birthday and Caitlyn and Ronald, the manager, made it a very memorable night. The food was great and the service was better. Thank you so much again!!This is spot has such a fun atmosphere! I went one afternoon and got to enjoy the beautiful weather outside with a view of the lake and live music! It was great! We got the crab dip appetizer. The dip was good but we were not fans of the chips that came with it. Some were thick, some were thin, some were doughy and some were crispy. Would much rather them serve the dip with tortilla chips or some other kind of chip.My favorite seafood out by the Lake.
Great service, beautiful atmosphere and phenomenal food.
Charbroiled Oysters and BBQ shrimp are a MUST every time!!!This is my favorite place in the entire city for oysters! I love their raw and chargrilled oysters even more than that other very well-known restaurant. The oysters are always fresh. Service is usually on point. Rarely ever have to wait for a table. All of the food I have tried here has been delicious. I have had oysters, seafood platters, gumbo, jambalaya, red beans, jambalaya pasta, and a few different poboys in the past.
I can't state enough how fresh their oysters are. That is what seperates them from the rest. Plus dining at this location you get great views of the lake harbor. I definitely recommend Felix's for seafood and if looking for dining with a view.Highly disappointed. Food was mediocre and the service didn't help since some of our food was cold. To top it off we cancelled our order of chargrilled oyster after finishing our dinner and waiting 40min to get our order. Could even get a drink with dinner since they ran out of tea.Yikes. Bad. Bad. Bad. Did I say bad!! Too many good places in Nola to eat to waste time and money. My soft shell crab po boy was raw...he was polite enough to take it off the bill. That's right. The raw one. I mean...thanks...I won't go back. Ever.Kyla, our server, was the best.  Informative with the menu/area. We will be back to Felix. Location has an excellent view of the water with the Char Grilled oysters.New favorite place to eat on the lake. Chargrilled oysters were delicious!  A little undercooked but I like them that way. Also ate a seafood platter of fish and shrimp. Sat upstairs and outside on the water. Perfect. After dinner we sat at a picnic table downstairs by the water and listened to live music. Great place to eat and service was awesome!!Hannah the host was the bomb!! She went above and beyond the call of duty. Yeah, it's a cliche, but she was awesome. She tried to make our wait as pleasant as possible. 
Larry, the server? Uh, not so much. Larry went AWOL and barely checked on us. I commented on another server by saying he was too old to be serving. He was walking with a limp after all. But what I noticed over the course of more than an hour is the guy was very attentive to his tables. We would've gladly opted for the mature server. Since I can't say anything good about Larry, I won't say anything more about him from here on out. 
The wait was hellacious. Hannah sort of gave us a heads up when we were first seated. 
Over the course of an hour and a half, we received drinks (thanks Hannah), one appetizer and one entree for a party of four. After waiting for three additional entrees, I finally made the call to move on from this restaurant. 
The charbroiled oysters were delicious. They had a great smoky flavor. My wife's shrimp tacos were also good. They were packed with shrimp and had a really good sauce. I think the tortillas were toasted. 
Sadly, I can't tell you about the shrimp and grits, bbq shrimp pasta, and crab cake benedicts that we ordered. The highlight of the day is that our meal was comped, as it should have been. One star for Hannah, a half star for the comped meal, and a half star for the tasty food we did eat.The wait for this place took unnecessary long. There were a lot of seats open since we can early but dor some reason would make people wait until someone else came in line. Not sure if they were trying to draw up business by making it look like they were busy or if they didn't have enough staff. 
The waitress seemed tired and over it. Right when she approached use she seemed very uninterested. 
The main reason I took off stars were for the service. 
Half a shell raw: this came with a garlic wasabi which was good along with the cocktail sauce. This tasted refreshing 
Chargrilled: this was pretty good we've had better ones at ACME (down the street) 
Blackened shrimp with cheesy grits and coleslaw: this was nicely seasoned and tasted great. 
Te jour: this was topped with crawfish and deep fried. This was okay I don't think I would get this again if I were to come backCame to enjoy the weather at the downstairs bar. These bartenders SUCK!!! Usually upstairs is okkkk last time I was here service was slow (which is why we chose to chill downstairs).  The bar is not busy to my standard (use to work as a bartender) and they just can't get it together. Felix...take care of these workers
They get two stars for having High NoonsGreat location and great food! The service was even better! Thanks to Miya B. And her supervisor, Ronald, for making our experience an awesome one!The food was wonderful! It was seat yourself and wait for a server to notice style seating. But it was beautiful right on the water. Try the blackened alligator bites for sure.Excellent food and so relaxing on a Friday afternoon. The Quarter Notes are playing downstairs and makes for a perfect late lunch.Wonderful! New Orleans trip to the next level!
Weather was amazing! Went to felix and had oysters and etc. Server was Jeane and she was great. The general manger stopped by the table to make sure everything was perfect.
Will definitely be back when we are in town.After looking for weeks for the perfect place to go to on my birthday, I finally settled on Felix's. I saw there were two locations, so I figured that the one that was not in the French Quarter would have better parking and a shorter wait. 
We were seated outside and I was quickly filled with regret. The view of the lake was beautiful, but we came at night so I couldn't see much. Our waiter came as soon as we were seated and had our drinks out just as fast. A few of us split a char-grilled oyster platter and they were delicious! I wish we would have ordered more, but now I know they probably would have never come anyways. 
I try to be as understanding as possible when it comes to getting food when with a big party, but it took forever to get our food, and almost everyone's dish was cold when they did come. As for the birthday girl, the gumbo I ordered must have been put in Tupperware prior to our arrival. The waiter informed me that the gumbo was frozen and would take some time to thaw out. So I'm thinking they would throw it in the microwave and I would get it soon, but when the waiter comes back he has the checks. He failed to articulate that I would not be getting my gumbo at all because they would not be thawing said gumbo out. 
Frozen gumbo in New Orleans? I thought I had heard it all. So my birthday dinner consisted of 2 oysters and a strong long island. I may have let it fly any other time, but it was my day and we traveled all the way to New Orleans for good times and especially good food. Womp womp.I have been to Felix's twice recently, once Halloween evening, and then a couple of days ago, we sat out on the back deck. I don't normally write reviews, but we had such good times in a row that I decided to. I love coming here with (and without!) my family. It is a perfect spot to bring kids, or to grab a drink/oysters alone up at the bar. But mainly I love sitting out on the back deck-- I feel like lots of people in New Orleans don't fully appreciate the awesome views at the lakefront and I feel like I'm on vacation when I eat on Felix's back deck.
    The food both times was excellent. I've now gotten the BBQ shrimp and the char grilled oysters. Both were fantastic. I can't say enough good things about these dishes, I really could eat them every day. I love how they grill the french bread that comes on the side with the oysters--SO GOOD! My child, the pickiest eater ever, got the grilled chicken sandwich. I tasted it and even something as basic as that was really juicy and full of flavor. Then, to end the meal, the bread pudding was amazing. The sauce on it was perfect, and no raisins in the the b.p., which is a deal-breaker for me!
   The service was great. We were seated immediately one time, and had 2 parties ahead of us the other.  I had the same server both times and the food/drinks came out correctly with good timing. I was most impressed that not one, but 2 managers came by the table, chitchatted, and asked how our meal was, etc. They were both SO friendly, and one kept a running joke with my daughter and kept her engaged, which I appreciated!
 Overall, this will be one of my main go-to spots when we are in the area, and I definitely recommend it to families!If I could give a zero, I would give a negative score..I came to New Orleans on business and was staying with someone that lived right by this restaurant. We ordered food the first night i got here, when we went to pick it up the food 10 minutes after the time they said the food would be ready we had to wait 20 min. A few days later we were real tired and hungry so we just ordered from here again. When we went to pick up the food, sorry we are backed up and had to wait 20 minutes when there was not a soul in that place. A few days later we decided to eat there and that was the worst experience. We sat outside and there was no one on the balcony, but they decide to seat us at the furthest spot from the ac when there was no one out there. I ordered a pan seared tuna salad, and he came out and that the cook told them that they do not have sesame seeds and asked if I wanted something else, we were waiting around 30 min as of that point and we were hot and just wanted to get our food and leave. My salad came out and it was well done tuna, we just left. Will highly recommend to go down the road if you are hungry.Tried this place for the first time on a Friday night. Should've been a red flag that they weren't that busy but I didn't think much of it. It was a nice amount of people there and they have indoor and outdoor seating. No wait time so we were seated immediately. The restaurant was clean and all of the staff were very very friendly and professional. They were the highlight of the night. Food, not so much. I noticed immediately that the side options left a lot to be desired. I had the stuffed redfish with grits and veggies. The redfish was very tough and dry so I couldn't finish it. The grits were lukewarm and the veggies were just ok. My boyfriend had the seafood platter and it was ok. He had been there before and wasn't impressed with the crawfish étouffée but he thought it was just that dish. Turns out all the food is mediocre. If the food had been less expensive it wouldn't have been disappointing, but when you spend $140 on a meal (entrees, drinks, oysters) you expect to enjoy it. Needless to say this will be our last visit.Atmosphere, service, and food!!!  The Bloody Mary was very well made, oysters were clean, and the brunch was delicious! Very pleased with my experience...I will be back for sure!Came here for brunch with a group of about 15. We were told they couldn't seat us outside because our party was too large and essentially we'd take the entire outside seating area. They still couldn't accommodate us at one table so they split us up and gave each table a waitress. One of the tables waited forever for their food despite ordering everything at once. The manager had to be called to find out what was taking so long. The brunch menu is okay, not many items. About half of is ordered bottomless mimosas. I would not recommend it at all. It's really just a class of orange juice and we were told they were running out of champagne so that's why they were being skimpy on the champagne. The food was just okay overall. They're regular food menu might be better than the brunch menu.Miyah was an amazing server!!!! She recommended the grilled oysters, soft shell crab and crawfish!!! It was absolutely delicious! To top it off, the sunset was gorgeous. Will most definitely eat here again.My waitress Jeana was awesome. Her service was beyond reproach.  Great smile!  The Turtle soup, crab cakes and oysters was very tasty.Went to Felix's and ordered the Blacked Red Fish.  The fish was cooked wonderful, flavorful and moist.  I thought the portion of fish was larger than I expected. Tried the fried soft shell crab, which was perfect m, I really enjoyed the batter.  The service was unbelievable, everyone was super friendly and would do anything to please their customer. Looking forward to trying the different types of oysters they offerVisiting from Katy Texas, we maybe spoiled in Texas because their crawfish etouffee was fried and way too salty and I love salt. Shrimp cocktail was a cup of 4-5 shrimps hanging on a lil salsa cup with its sauce in the middle. Whaaaa?!?? Blacken Alfredo was runny and not enough alcohol in the hurricane. Yeah never enough I know lol. $100 lunch and we won't be returning. Sorry Felix.Jeremy and Ronald were amazing servers. The bbq oysters and turtle soup ( add a dash of sherry) were SO tasty. Felt relaxed and at home.Kyla was our waiter great food and great service. Kyla was an excellent waiter. Will come back againOutstanding place to party on the water if your going to do all the frozen drinks start with the peach frozen Rose then the strawberry daiquiri and then finish the day strong on the Bushwacker‼ this is where all the locals go to party it's a secret! That's where I go after making movies here in New Orleans‼Felix's is right across the street from Acme. My husband and I went to both and we preferred Felix's. The charbroiled oysters were butterier here, they were delicious, and the service was great. Kali was amazing, he's the one to see when you visit.I recommend coming here for Happy Hour! They have pretty good specials and sometimes have live music downstairs. 
The oysters are great, and during crawfish season the crawfish were pretty good too. The service is hit or miss. I've been here multiple times and have experienced both. Obviously, most people come for the view - so set your expectations low and hopefully it will be better than what you expect!I finally got the chance to try this place out and the food was good but what was the best and stood out from the rest was my server.i positive her name was April becouse you don't forget someone like that.she was so kind and was very knowledgeable when it came to the menu.She stayed on top of everything we needed while making sure the rest didn't want for anything.top of the line sever and can't get any better.the charbroiled oyster were amazing with the jambalaya.I will be back only this time with more friends and I'll be sure to ask for the same server.Thanks Felixs for a time to remember.Very disappointed. 
 My wife and I were out around the Lake front area and decided to try Felix's new restaurant.  We used to go to Brisbys before Felix took over the location. We were in the mood for oysters and knew that was Felix's specialty. I ordered a dozen raw oysters and a 1/2 oyster 1/2 shrimp sandwich.  I've been eating oysters for over 50 years, and these had to be the smallest raw oysters I've ever gotten.  I actually had a problem stabbing them with the cocktail fork they were so small.  The oyster/shrimp sandwich wasn't much better. It was about 8 inches and had maybe 6 of the tiny oysters and 4 small shrimp.  I could have put all of it on half of the sandwich and it still wouldn't have made a decent sandwich.  
Add in the $3.00 soft  drink and I wasted $38.00, not including the tip.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars and not 1 was because the waiter and service was good.  Will not be going back there and will not be recommending them to anyone I know. To many other places around that I can get a better fried seafood sandwich with  4 times the oysters/shrimp and for less money.Larry is a very attentive server. Much appreciated. Seafood is fresh and delicious. Redfish and snow crab are great! Must try!Went for dinner at Felix's this evening. If there is a way to ruin a meal, this fine establishment nailed it. Service was fair, gumbo cold, a short curly hair in my husbands salad and bent utensils without a napkin (or any linens) for that matter. The hostess was shocked to hear we wanted to leave and talk to a manager. Second visit to this lackluster, overpriced, not really on the water restaurant, won't be returning.So boom, check it! My good good girlfriend and I set out on a Sunday quest to find Oysters and good drinks in celebration of completing a cross fit class (Counterproductive, I know but oh well) 
Anyhoo... we're local so finding Oysters isn't hard or so we thought. Not sure what was going on in the city today but most everyone had a hour or more wait! That's wack so as we're heading to the Westbank I'm scrolling IG and remember that Felix's opened a few weeks ago... we head that way and boy was it worth it. We had a slight snafu with the seating but the hostess Jennifer I think made it up to us. We met the Chef in the elevator and he assured us we'd come to the right place and he was correct. They Oysters were great as were the crab claws and Gumbo. However the real treat was the Frozen Rose'.  The hostess warned us it was strong and honey-love did not lie. That was 2 hours ago and I'm still buzzed. Holy shit this is a drunk update!  
Anyhooooo.... yeah, eat here is what I'm trying to say.Felix's Restaurant & Oyster Bar gets it right again and again. The price was super reasonable - I couldn't believe it! Pretty much every item that we purchased was incredibly fresh and tasty. The servers are extremely helpful and attentive. Way to go Felix's Restaurant & Oyster Bar.Great happy hour! The oysters (both raw and charbroiled) are delicious! Will definitely be back!Chargrilled oysters were delicious, snow crabs are outstanding.  Our waiter Larry Lodriguss has served us on several occasions and the service is excellent.  One of my favorite places to dineMy sister recommended this oyster bar as we have never had oysters and it was located right at the corner of our hotel on Bourbon Street. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters and fried alligator. Let me tell you, I don't know why it took so long but charbroiled oysters are my new favorite thing to eat. The oysters were warm with a butter sauce and Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. OMG. I cannot tell you enough how good it was. The fried alligator was very tasty. It was like a fusion of a chicken tender but still had a seafood taste so you know you were not eating chicken. The Mayo based sauce for the alligator had lemon and provided that creaminess to the fried batter. Delicious. The staff were great and the wait wasn't long at all. It hard to not have good food in New Orleans. I loved everyone I tried. It is a must tryWe returned to Felix's on the lakefront for lunch yesterday.  We appreciated Britney helping us to have such an enjoyable meal!  We all got the oyster po-boys with sweet potato fries.  Wish that I could have more today!There was no wait. We were seated right away. 
The shrimp cocktail appetizer was very tasty. I didn't care for the presentation with the lettuce though. 
We tried the chargrilled oysters. I enjoyed them. I just wished that they wouldn't have poured butter on top of my French bread! Bread is for dipping into the butter. 
I ordered a grilled redfish for my entree. I got grilled shrimp instead!! They were tasty, but I was disappointed and didn't want to wait for redfish to be cooked. 
Our server also charged our credit card twice. He fixed it, but it was annoying. 
The manager apologized for the credit card. He also gave us his business card in case the charge didn't come off of the credit card. 
Ugh. Maybe I'll give the place one more chance.This place was horrible!!! Please don't go there, I rather eat a TV dinner. A long wait for a nasty appetizer. The waitress lied and told me the appetizer was good.. they brought out the wrong appetizer. The chef who brought out the food looked horrible with long gold dread locs and raggedy mouth and could barely talk. The food took extremely long and tasted like it was out of the can. I do believe the shrimp were spoiled in my bbq pasta. We left hungry and sick. Once I made it home I vomit And had diarrhea for the rest of the night!!!! I don't know if they did this on purpose or what! The jambalaya pasta ,supposed to be crab dip,chicken finger,bBq pasta were all horrible and not eatable!!!!!! I'm sick now!!!Tried to place an order at the Lakeview location.  Lady answered, and when I asked "Can I place an order for takeout?", her response was "I won't lie to you, we are really busy and we will just get it wrong".   I asked, "So you don't want to take my order?" And she said "No.  We are really busy."  I understand it is a busy time but I have never been denied.   
Their competitor, New Orleans Food and Spirits, was glad to take our order.   Guess I will be calling them for in the future.This was the worst experience I have had this year by far. My husband and I invited our closest   family members to celebrate a huge accomplishment of ours. The whole experience was disappointing. I ordered a cocktail, which took 20 minutes to receive. My husband noticing my frustration called out to the server and the manager approached my husband with a hostile tone. By that time we had already gotten half of our food, some of it cold. The manager fixed my drink but prior to that my father had to go to the bar to order 2 more beers for our table. They had been empty for quite some time. We received the rest of our food and to my and my sister in laws disappointment our shrimp and grits was basically 6 shrimp a pile of grits and a half of can of gumbo base with a little parsley sprinkled on top. The manager brought us the rest of our food luke warm and as we each thanked him once he sat our plates down he did not respond. We all felt hostility from this person. The wait staff was scattered in a form that made no sense, with our waiter actually having to go outside to serve when we were clear across the restaurant on the opposite side. Poor service due to poor planning and the hostility was disturbing all because my husband spoke loudly to get our waiters attention for my drink we had been waiting for, for 20 minutes. Terrible experience we felt less than welcome and anyone who wants that kind of service should go to some place less expensive, we visit restaurants for the food and the experience. The food wasn't that great and the experience was extremely disheartening. The manager needs to be fired. Poor poor management skills and piss poor hospitality.What a total disappointment!!  WTF happened to this New Orleans institution????
Ok, I'll tell you why;
Ordered:
~Cup of Gumbo-It arrived 1/2 full!  We said something to our server but apparently that is their served portion!
It WAS tasty but the portion size for the price WAS A RIP OFF!
~Charbroiled Oysters-Both the oysters and the garlic bread they came with had the taste of fresh charcoal.  They both had that nasty taste like you were licking a charcoal briquette.  The charcoals we're definitely NOT ready to be cooked on.  NASTY!
~BBQ Shrimp Po-Boy-  This was highly recommended by our server.  New Orleans BBQ Shrimp are my FAVORITE local dish (Mr. B's serves THE BEST, and yes, I have tried them at MANY local restaurants).  So seeing a BBQ Po-Boy, my mouth watered and I had high expectations for local LARGE shrimp in a delicious sauce.  I was served a Po-Boy that this restaurant should have been embarrassed to serve!!!!  They used tiny bay shrimp that were definitely frozen, probably from Thailand in a weak watery sauce!!!  Complete and TOTAL let down!!!  For $19 a sandwich, I should have been served large local fresh shrimp.  The little frozen bay shrimp were obviously cheaper.  
Guess Felix's traded quality for profit.
There are too many great restaurants that offer great food, this restaurant concept has run its course and should close to let a new restaurant offer excellent New Orleans cuisine.
We just spent too much money for lunch to be served what was served.  My guest and I DID go for lunch after we left this place.Nothing fancy. Just the food. The flame broiled oysters were everything. Will return on every NO tripWe arrived here for a wedding this weekend and staying at the Rose Manor  Inn, which is within walking distance. The owner of Rose Manor highly recommended this place, so we decided to try it.
It was Thursday night, so the restaurant wasfoddering a buy-one-get/one free alcoholic drink. We tried the margaritas-man, they were kicking! These are really potent and very generous! 
We tried the seafood platter and a bowl of gumbo. The food was pretty good. they make a nice roux for the gumbo, which is very tasty, but not much else. Not a lot meat in the gumbo. I would recommend a cup instead of a bowl bowl of the gumbo as an appetizer. The seafood platter is generous enough for two, and their fried oysters and fish are very  tasty. The view is  nice, and we enjoyed our meal outside on their patio with nice heaters. Our visit was in January , so it was a very pleasant.  I would come back again.He gumboI had a great experience at felix.this was a very hospitable atmosphere and the hostes Mia was very energetic and warm welcoming. I would definetly come back and refer this restaurant to anyone.my server Kyla was great and knowledgeable about menu and had great suggestions.Our waiter Thomas Robertson made our dining experience one our best! He is knowledgeable  friendly and has a great smile!!! We'll be back and ask for Thomas. Food was delicious as well.Stopped in from our boat ride, nice place to dock. There is a bar below, not sure if they serve the full restaurant menu. We had the half shrimp and a oyster poboy with gumbo. The gumbo was really good. I can't say that about many places. Every gumbo gets compared to my Grandma's so it has to be good to come close to hers.  We sat outside the weather was nice. The service was excellent.I'm not a complainer but, my experience with "The manager Angelica" was simply unprofessional and I was floored when I asked for the manager and she said that she was the manager. The treatment and service she provided was horrible and the leadership team at this establishment needs to invest in training ASAP. I was simply trying to order brunch to go! Needless to say I will not be returning. I did speak with Michael who apologized and listened to my concerns. I should have read the reviews here before patronizing this restaurant. What a shame!This was my first stop for food when arriving to NOLA.  Myself and 3 of my friends waited outside in line for about 15 minutes when we arrived.  Once seated, our waiter quickly approached.  He was probably the best waiter I've ever had...anywhere.  He was fast, attentive and friendly.  We started with 2 dozen raw oysters and I ordered the French 75 to drink.  Felix's mixes the cocktail sauce with the horseradish which I believe is a great touch.  The oysters were meaty and chilled to perfection.  My french 75 was good but I wish it had been more cold...We also ordered the fried shrimp and fries which was good but just your average fried jumbo shrimp. We also had the red beans and rice which were phenomenal!! The gumbo and jambalaya were ok but we all agree we wouldn't order these again. We also had the shrimp and grits which were the best we had during our time in NOLA.  They will only give you 1 check and wouldn't split the bill. This place is worth the wait and I would go back in a heartbeat.Had Sunday lunch there today with my family from out of town. Tried several different dishes and appetizers; everything was delicious. Our server Kayla was fantastic and she made our experience even better. I highly recommend this place!All I can say is.. very underwhelming. I came with a few friends and legit it was a super slow night due to the weather. Probably about 5 tables sat. I ordered water in which the cup was not even clean.. full of red lipstick.  My company had placed an order for the crab pies and were sent out neat pies. It took the kitchen 3 times to get the order right.  Stating the cook was dropping the wrong thing supposedly due to the mix up of the boxes. 
Plating of the actual meals were not impressive. Every dish ordered appeared as of it was missing something. Very plain/basic looking. 
One of my friends got a pasta with shrimp and chicken and of course they forgot to add in the chicken, so the server brought out the chicken about 10 minutes later. 
I ordered the hamburger. I couldn't force myself to take the photo and post. The top bun was flatten so flat I couldn't actually really eat the burger in my handles with it being dressed with the fixings. Pretty much had to use a fork. I don't know who was in the kitchen but it was overall a hot messHubby and I stopped by for lunch and since they are famous for oysters ordered the raw on half shell! We are not tourist born and raised in NOLA actually hubby was a oyster State Surveyor... Knows Oysters! These were marble sized and not worth the $20. a dz. for sure. Next I ordered the crab dip wow it came to me like spackling paste and was sooo salty I couldn't eat it! It definetly didn't have No real Crab in it for sure!!! Then I ordered the fried shrimp on French! You guessed it the shrimp was Frozen and the breading came off when you tried to eat it!!! Hubby ordered the Felix pasta the same frozen shrimp and nasty sauce, etc!!! Terrible lunch will never Ho Back... Don't know how they stay open with this kind of food they serve!!!Charbroiled oyster. Home run. Very good
Fried oyster and shrimp. Very good. 
Tea was good. Unsweetened and not needing sugar. 
Salad very good. Good variety of ingredients was good
Bread pudding. Hot and good. Just a bit to sweet
Coffee. Home run. Smooth. 
A return trip when we back in area
Gage is the man. Fantastic job. 
Thanks for being our guide on what to order. Spot on. Touch down.Our plan was to judge for ourselves who had the best char grilled oysters: Felix's or Acme.  We showed up at about 4pm on a weekday and found a table right away.  The service was less than great, as were the oysters.
Earlier in our visit we had come by but there was a wait, the smell of garbage was so foul while waiting in line we lost our appetite.My lil sis and I went here for dinner .. this place was awesome .. grilled oysters were on point and the po boys were the best I ever had.. and trust me .. I know po boys.. I will be back here again .. trust me on thatCame here at first because the line was shorter than Acme's across the street. It was all of our first time trying chargrilled oysters and it was amazing. We had gone to Acme today to compare and all agreed that Felix's chargrilled oysters are definitely better. Felix's chargrilled oysters have more of the chargrilled taste and less( or none?) parm cheese than Acme's. Tried the fried alligator also for the first time and yeah, tastes like chicken.great onion rings. great service. oysters rockefeller were good. fried alligator just tasted like fried anything.I went to ACME and the line was wrapped around the building.  I looked across the street and noticed Felix's offered oysters and had a fraction of the line.  I had lots of oysters and an excellent experience, it's not fancy but it's fun.
3 years later and this place is still amazing! Definitely worth the wait if there's a line.  I highly suggest buffalo and chargrilled in addition to your raw half shell oysters.This place is the best! We went back twice! The first night was incredible, we sat at the bar and ate oysters freshly shucked seconds before we ate them for over an hour. The oyster shuckers were hilarious and fun to chat with while we ate, it felt like home. The char grilled were so much better than acme and cheaper. The best part about sitting at the bar was getting extra oysters. The second night we went happened to be Mardi Gras and it was one of the few places open, but the service was great. They ran out of oysters so we ordered off the menu and we got the shrimp and grits, and it was fantastic. I highly recommend this place, much better than across the street. The oysters were juicy and freshly shucked and massive!! I wish I could go back to New Orleans just to go back to this place and eat more of those oysters!!Oysters are very good. Same as acme across the street however the crawfish  étouffée wasn't good at all. Don't bother with anything other then the oystersBy far the best oysters in NOLA.  Pass Acme and go here.  Grilled or raw you can't beat these.  If you are up for a laugh sit at the oyster bar, Jeff and Darrell are amazing at their job and make for a good time too.  I'm going back again on this trip.Best chargrilled oysters in town! The fresh oysters were some of the best I've ever had and I grew up in a coastal town. The etouffee was also very good. Highly recommend this place!The chargrilled oysters here are far superior to their competition across the street (Acme)! Shrimp and grits are amazing, crawfish pies are delicious, and highly recommend the Mississippi Honeybee cocktail! Ask for Magic, wonderful waiter!! If you love seafood and NOLA, don't pass this up!!!A work friend and I came here and gobbled it all down. One of everything please. When we asked the server for recommendations, she provided us with a perfect combination.  We both started with soup - her the gumbo and me then artichoke oyster. Love! Then we had Oysters Rockerfeller which was even better. Salad which we barely touched. My friend had fried oysters and shrimp and I had blackened shrimp. Oh and we got a soft shelled crab added because we both wanted one. Haha. Great food. A little slow on drink service and our entrees came out several minutes apart. But I'd go back!!Don't let anyone tell you different, this is THE best oyster bar in all of New Orleans. Raw or char-grilled, they are superior in every way.My husband and I felt like having oysters that everyone kept lining up for, so we knew it was between Acme and Felix's. I'd read some reviews and one person mentioned that Felix's was definitely better, cheaper, and had a shorter line. I absolutely agree, even though I didn't get the chance to try chargrilled oysters on the half shell at Felix's (they ran out of oysters around 7:30/8 during the dinner rush). 
From what I've seen, there's a bar/dive area seating and another slightly better, more restaurant style seating. My husband and I were disappointed with the lack of oysters but we made do. He had the gumbo as well as a shrimp platter and I had the crawfish étouffée. Hubby liked his food, and I have to say, the étouffée here was the BEST I've had! It was ridiculously rich and flavorful, and if I was at home, I would've licked the plate clean! 
While the atmosphere could probably use a little work, overall the service and everything was good. 
After having dined at Acme and Felix's, I won't make the mistake of going to Acme when I could be across the street having better food at Felix's!Oysters on the half shell and char broiled were so awesome. I didn't even need cocktail sauce on the half shell they were so FRESH. And the bartender Allison made my night! Her sense of urgency and total vibe made the experience that much better.Our party of 4 got 4 different dishes to split with each other. Most of the food was lukewarm to cold when it arrived. Jambalaya was great. Etoufee was ok. Shrimp and grits ok didn't like to sauce. Service ok. Atmosphere eh. Wouldn't come back as there are other great restaurants in the area.We tried the Acme Oyster House across the street last year and had to try their competition here this year. The line at Felix is a lot quicker and half the size. As you're waiting in line, you can see oysters being prepared on an open fire through the window. Once we got in, we were given the choice to sit at a table or the bar. We chose the bar which made it a lot quicker. 
We ended up getting salad, drinks, half dozen oysters Rockefeller, and one dozen raw oysters. The oysters Rockefeller was good. The raw oysters were also good and very fresh. They were served with a very strong fresh tasting horseradish and homemade cocktail sauce made right in front of us. Everything was good and worth the wait. Our wait in line lasted only about 15 to 20 minutes. That's great compared to across the street from experience. 
Just off of Bourbon Street, if you're craving seafood or even some New Orleans cuisine's also offered on the menu, this is one of the many places to be.We had a nice meal. I enjoyed the fried alligator. Our service was good. A little loud with street noises, as there is a large opening into the restaurant. At one point we could smell the exhaust fumes of a truck that went by. Overall not a bad experience though.This is a place directly across from acme just off Bourbon.  We stopped in for oysters because we read they were great.  We ordered drinks and oysters Rockefeller.  My wife said they were the best she ever had and I agree completely.  Flavorful, plump, tasty and the cheese made it worth the trip.  We were resturant surfing so not sure about the rest of the menu but what we had almost made us order dinner.felix's, pearl, acme.  yep hit all three in one day and see how good you feel!  :)Felix's is the poor cousin of Acme across the street. To me, its a poor cousin only in the ambiance. Where Felix's is a bright clean unfuncky restaurant Acme is a dark sultry bar. To me the food was equal,  with Felix's grilled oysters a touch better. These little gems had a topping of melted Romano and were swimming in garlic butter which was mopped up by the great french bread. It was probably this surplus of butter and the thicker topping of cheese that put this ahead of Acme.
My main course was a shrimp oyster po boy. Great... crispy fried, crispy roll, just the right amount of condiments.
They did appear to preshuck the ray oysters but I didn't try any.I think this is my new go-to place for oysters in NOLA. Char-grilled oysters were good. Had more flavor. The service is great too.Oysters!  That's what you need to eat in New Orleans.  Why pay two times the price in the swanky places when you can eat at this sweetie of a restaurant.  I will add to the "Char-Grilled" oyster chorus.  Man o man.  Those were the best.  Also tried a number of raw and even some Rockefeller.  Delish!  Wash that all down with some Purple Haze, and you'll be feeling fine in no time!Yelper Recommended and Yelpee approved!
Go here for no frills, good food and good service! You will have a wait if you go during a peak dinner rush - but seriously it is worth it and not as bad as the line at Acme across the street. Very comfortable seating, friendly staff, decent prices, and great food!
The order:
Blackened Alligator: lovely! So yummy! 
Crawfish: Not bad. It was my first time eating crawfish and I guess I just expected something else. Also, these are fried battered goodness so it tasted just like popcorn shrimp. 
Bayou Platter Sampler: Came with three bowls of: Jambalaya, Etouffee and we got Gumbo instead of the beans. Loved all three! So yummy! 
Char-grilled Oysters: MUST ORDER! Simply served with nothing but hot sauce and lemons. Perfection!Every year I go to New Orleans and every year my first stop in the French Quarters is Felix's. My father took me here when I was 5 years old to have my first raw oyster. I always get raw oysters and charred oysters. This is also the first place I had charred oysters as a suggestion by one of the shuckers and it's on my crave list ever since. I've  had charred oysters at Acme, Dragos,  and Antoines...each great in a different way,  but Felix's are my personal flavorite. They have more of a yummy crust layer on top. I prefer to sit at the bar and chat with the shuckers, who have always been friendly and entertaining to watch. They shuck the oyster and throw it on the bar in front of you. So fresh and delish. And you can mix up your own sauce with the ketchup, horseradish, Tabasco and lemon to your liking. Felix's sometimes gets a line but not anything like the line at Acme across the street. Enjoy oysters at Felix's and wash it down with an ice cold Dixie on tap.The server was adorable and friendly, he made great suggestions regarding what to try and service wasn't rushed.  The vibe is laid back, no frills but the food was great. I had char-grilled oysters which were to die for, tender and sizzling in the shell.  The portions are big, so come with a friend to share...and have the oysters!!I'm not sure why anyone would waste there time here if not for not for the raw and char-grilled oysters. The oysters were fresh, though they were rather muddy. At least when grilled some of the mud burns off so to speak. Their cocktail mixture was really good, but the worst part of this experience was the sour attitude of the bartender. Its not easy working in the service industry but I have zero appreciation for service with an attitude. We also ordered the blackened gator, which was not appetizing. If you do go, just stick to oysters.We looked over a few menus on the streets before picking Felix's for lunch.  There was already a line out front and the place wasn't open yet.  That is a good sign when people are waiting for you to open. We waited roughly 10-15 minutes before they opened the doors and we were seated.  As we were walking past the bar to our seat, I smelled oysters.  I glanced to the right and saw stacks of shucked oysters.  They were definitely prepared for the the day to start. I glanced over the menu and knew exactly what I wanted.  I hasn't had catfish and I hadn't reallyhad any fried food on this trip.  So, I went with the fried shrimp and catfish platter. It came with hush puppies, french fries and cole slaw. All of it was so good.  Straight from the south, and fried to perfection, I was so happy. Brian went with the oyster poboy. He was in heaven as well.  Great food, excellent service and they serve Abita beer3rd Visit wait was great sat me at the bar ASAP.  Fresh oysters and lively spot!!!!!! Love IT!Casual low-pressure dining with food that's way better than what you would think from the atmosphere. Crawfish Po Boy was great, just the right amount of seasoning and really sweet delicious crawfish. All of their fried seafood is done well, cornmeal breading that's not too greasy and the fish inside still has some life to it. It's kind of a noisy place and it seems like they serve a lot of people every day and try to keep people moving in and out fairly quickly, so I wouldn't go there for a leisurely meal but it's quality stuff at a good price. If you're looking to get the "New Orleans PoBoy experience" it's definitely a safe bet.It's overrated honestly. I went for my birthday and wasn't pleased. The food was bland. My mother and I are obsessed with oysters and these were disappointing. Our server sucked too. He had a horrible attitude then tried rushing us out after we got our ticket. Happy to try this place, but won't be back.Felix's is one of those places I could sit for hours! Even though it is located in the touristy French Quarter it has a real neighborhood feel to it. Sit at the bar and befriend the waitresses, whom I swear they hire based on sassiness. They'll learn your name and make you feel right at home.
The food doesn't disappoint either. Generous, affordable portions. Don't miss the crawfish or they oysters. Good fried food too and lots of beers on tap! This is just a great, homey little spot.It's pretty much always busy here. It's exactly what you'd expect in the quarter and very similar to a bunch of other restaurants in the quarter. You have to wait in line for about 30 minutes usually, but you can grab a drink from one of the surrounding bars to drink in line. (Have to finish it before you go in) The food is good, the restaurant itself is loud, and the service is quick. I usually end up here if I have friends visiting who want oysters in the quarter.So I tried char grilled oysters at 4 different places in the French quarter and even the places the locals recommended for "best oysters" were nowhere near as good. They are BEYOND amazing here. They also have a nice selection of other ones... bienville which is shrimp and cheese on top as well as buffalo and others. Can't rate on other food but the oysters and the service is amazing !!We came here because of the long line at ACME. Craving for raw oysters. We're in the French Quarter gotta have those oysters. O.M.G. the darn oysters were soooo muddy.,we thought we were in a another country with no such thing a s 'board of health'. My hubby and I looked at each other saying 'wow. wow.can't believe this' Since it was the first restaruant we hit in New Orleans we thought, maybe this is how they serve it. We asked for glasses of iced water. No, not to drink. But to clean and rinse the mud. We've tried other restaurants and they were pretty clean. So it is not a Louisianna thing.Average seafood. We eat here when visiting the quarter with out of town guests. Got an oyster loaf last time that was really nothing special at all. But definitely not worth waiting in line for.Sprinkling on Bourbon St and a few beers in I decided I could not leave NOLA without a few more oysters. Both lines were long at Felix's and Acme. Having had Acme the night before I went with Felix's. I sat at the bar had my normal cup of gumbo and 1 dozen chargrilled oysters. Service was fast. Shucker was great to talk to. Place was packed. Gumbo was dark and good. Oysters were good however they were not the creamy ones from Acme. They were good but I like Acme more. Still good place next time maybe I will stray from my normal...... And then again maybe not!Really some of the better charred oysters that we had in New Orleans.  They had a smokier flavour than other places and came out hotter and fresher as well.  Decent size too.  For me personally they could have cut back a bit on the butter... they were literally swimming in butter.  But super tasty.  The catfish po'boy was fairly good as well.  Great piece of fish, not dry at all... good flavour in the breading.  The line wasn't too long to get in either.  They did their best to get you in and out without making you feel rushed.Char grilled oysters were delicious. My jambalaya was like warm. My husband had the shrimp and grits and his was warm as well. Would have given another star if the food came out hot!Vous vous doutez que ce resto est pas mal quand vous arrivez devant, qu'il y a une file et que c'est plein à craquer à l'intérieur!
Au final, j'ai juste attendu 5mn dans la file, et ça en valait la peine!
J'ai pris le Crawfish etouffee, il m'a été servi en 5mn (la préparation sauce + crawfish doit déjà être prête, et c'est servi avec une petite montagne de riz au milieu de l'assiette..)
Mon plat était super bon, mon serveur très efficace et poli
J'ai mangé assise au bar, sinon il y a des tables
Les huîtres avaient l'air super bonnes aussi
Mon plat était à 14$, ce qui reste tout à fait raisonnable pour la quantité et la qualité.
Bref, je recommande!We came from the recommendation of our hotel staff. We told him we wanted grilled oysters from ACME and was told that if the line was too long, to try this place. The oysters where buttery garlicy goodness. It had the right amount of char flavor. Definitely would recommend.Delicious food! Great service. One of the best restaurants out here. Loved the food and great ambiance as well.Oh my every goodness ... this place is wonderful. The oysters are so big and juicy and just melted on the tongue. As soon as I sat down and smelled the seafood cooking in the kitchen, I knew that I had to have some fried shrimp.  The shrimp were plump and fried to absolute perfection.  The batter was expertly seasoned and hugged the shrimp for life. 
The staff was so friendly, I thought I was at home with family - but then again no one was fighting, so no, this is better than family todayIf you like freshly shucked oysters, look no furrther than Felix's.  Forget about the overcrowded Acme Oyster House  or the fancy looking Bourbon House across the street.  There's a reason Felix's can compete:  quality!  Strut on into Felix's and you will be greeted by a shucker asking if you want oysters right then and there while you stand at the counter.  Mike and his brother Anthony are very friendly and can shuck faster than anybody can possibly eat.  Mike claims to have wone a shucking contest and is the fastest shucker in New Orleans.  Doesn't surprise me either!
The oysters are amazingly fresh and kept on ice throughout the day.  And if you're a well known tipper as I was by my second visit, you will get at least 15 or 16 shucked to you if you order a dozen.  The shuckers first prepare a seafood sauce condiment consisting of ketchup, horshradish, olive oil, and worstachire sauce.  If you like it spicier, ask for extra horseradish.
The fried oyster po' boy is quite good too.  Having tried oysters at a couple of places, Felix's is THE place to get your oysters, whether raw or fried.
I miss New Orleans!!!On the question of Felix's vs. Acme, I am a clear Felix's partisan. No (or at least less of a) line, and always top notch service if you can get a seat at the bar. They crack 'em almost faster than I can eat 'em, which is tough. The banter with the shuckers is always fun, and the oysters are fresh and the beer is cold. A New Orleans classic.The only good point is that the line was shorter than acme. Actually,  the Chargrilled oysters were good too. But the raw oysters were flavorless (how I typically find gulf oysters, so not surprising), the ambiance was sub-par/nonexistent, and the French fries were mushy.  But the worst part was the soft shell crab.  I love soft shell crabs.  When the bile sacs are removed.  I took a big bite into this crab and the bitter bile squirted everywhere.  It ruined the crab and my meal.We got to eat at three places in NOLA over 36 hours. Felix's was a good place to start. Let's talk about the good/mediocre/bad. 
Good - I really enjoyed the blackened alligator. Seasoning was just right. The oysters bienville lived up to other reviews. Give it a try.
Another great thing about Felix's was standing in line for 10 minutes, looking at the half block line across the street for Acme. 
Mediocre - we got the sampler plate because we weren't terribly hungry. They were out of jambalaya. What?  The etoufee was good. The gumbo was pedestrian, but not superb (see Muriel's). 
Bad?  Not sure anything was all that bad. The service wasn't overly friendly, but it was quick enough to keep me happy.  It did the trick for being so close to our hotel (JW Marriott).Didn't want to stand in the Acme line and I wanted an authentic NOLA experience. My oysters were delicious and really big! The make your cocktail sauce for you there and it was really good! The service was so-so but they were slammed. Not a fancy place. It that's not what I was looking for.Best fried oysters! Service was good, our waitress was very attentive and sweet, the cook came out to ask how our food was.  We had BBQ shrimp and fried oyster platter, both were cooked to perfection and the crusty bread with the BBQ shrimp made the dish, fresh and fluffy on the inside and perfectly crisp on the out! Yum! Go here to eat!Very nice seafood gumbo as well as super fresh oysters and the most intense horseradish I have ever sampled. Felix's is much better than the overpriced and overrated tourist trap across the street, The Acme Oyster House. Besides, you usually don't have to wait.Best hidden secret for really fresh shucked oysters.  The char grilled oysters are also fantastic.  Oysters were meaty and the dozen was cheap!  We stopped in after Acme told us there was a 20 minute wait in a line on the sidewalk, though we could see through the windows several seats for 2 open at the bar.  I'm in NOLA often and I'll never step foot in Acme again!  Felix's didn't have their liquor license since they switched owners but that was OK, we just stepped out to the liquor store next door and the server obliged with providing a bottle opener.  Both times we were there we stood at the bar and ate, it was fun to chat with the locals!I went to Felix's in March 2018 on a day trip to New Orleans with my boyfriend. It was my first time in the city and while there I was able to try crawfish on  the street and LOVEDDDDD it. So while walking around the French Quarters my boyfriend and I stumbled upon Felix's. And it was the BEST stumble we could have made. We had their oysters with garlic butter and the hot boil crawfish. Both of the dishes were nothing less than amazing. The flavors used were bold and full and just... yes! If you don't like spicy then you may not like the hot boil because it has a nice little kick. The staff here was very friendly as well; southern hospitality at its finest. Next time I'm in New Orleans -- Felix's is a must!One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. Way better than Acme!! Must have their chargrilled oysters!!Busy. Had to stand online but that's understandable. Food taste great! We thought our party of 3 cld share a fish and shrimp platter with a extra order of shrimp. But the serving of fish was really small. Only 4 little strips. Compared to t
Other platters brought out for other were much larger which made us think we cld share.Oysters were amazing! We tried both the raw and rockefeller. Great place to sit and drink a beer. Our waitress was efficient and friendly.Don't bother trying any other place if you are near the Bourbon Street area and want RAW OYSTERS. This is hands down the BEST place to go. The price is perfect, the employees are super friendly and the oysters are just right. 
We also have had the sweet potato fries, red beans and rice and Po-boy which were all delicious as well :)
They had the long stand up counter for oysters that are shucked right in front of you or you can sit at a table as well. 
We have been here multiple times on each of our trips to NOLA, it wouldn't be the same without it.A dinner style oyster bar with awesome service and great food...and some of the best food for the money in the french quarter. From our friendly server to the great and funny manager It was a blast.The oysters and the gumbo are delicious.....Best place in NOLA for oysters n por boys! No wait if u go st8 to the bar! A must have every time I'm in town!Felix's once again lived up to its reputation. We arrived at 1 on a Saturday and waited about 15 minutes for a table. Once we were sat, the waitress was very attentive and the food was great (especially the baked oysters!)Food not so bad... bar service with white female bartender, not so good.... they close at 11 and her attitude was that they close at 10:30 and wanted us gone! Started breaking down the bar at 10:30 and stripping everything away then the bleach cleaner came out and killed the senses to the food we were served! Hmmm...We ALWAYS stop in to Felix for GREAT food!! A classic Oyster Bar that hasn't changed in decades matched up with classic bartenders who know their stuff, a cheery, informative and attentive  wait staff and some mighty tasty Oysters (We had then four ways, Raw, Rockefeller, Grilled & Bienville). WOW! If you have yet to try Grilled Oysters, RUN don't walk to Felix and get you a dozen immediately! Highly recommended and the menu (Like the magnificent Gumbo!) has lots of other stuff as well although we were STUFFED and no more room! DO come here! And oh yeah, the drinks were STIFF and come with roadie cups!I decided a few days ago I wanted oysters. So I planned a trip, a 4 hour car ride to get the best oysters I knew of. Felix's oysters. I had them a few years ago and I needed them, wanted them, had to have them! 
I get there, a long line I planned though, I knew I could wait an hour in line before I was too hungry. 
Sit down, so excited! I knew exactly what I wanted! A few clarifications on which oysters had no bacon and with the good stuff on top. And I was pumped! 
My seafood gumbo came out, delicious! A perfect start to satisfy my four hour long car ride. But wait.... A char grilled half dozen come out... The bartender and manger sweep it under the rug. He looks at her and tells her what I ordered. "What no, she ordered Oysters Rockefeller". Okay, fine. I wait some more. My order comes out. A half dozen oysters Rockefeller. And you know what makes me the most furious, I ordered a dozen! Who drives four hours for a half dozen(mind you, compliments to the kitchen staff, only people there that knows what their doing)! I left a 13% tip. And as I was leaving I heard "did you want your change?!" No. I leave 13% when bartenders/wait staff mess up that badly. I went to ACME to have the rest of my oysters.I've been going here for years and make sure I stop in every time I'm in the city. Have the Crawfish Etouffee, you won't be disappointed!Absolutely the perfect place to have oysters of any kind! Great menu, great service. Put this one on your list - you'll be glad you did.
The felix's experience is every bit as good a the famous place across the street. Do them both if you get the chance!Exceptional oysters. We happened upon this place and got right in. Great food and lots of craft beers on tap.Awesome food. Phenomenal service. Went out of their way for our group to have a great experience!We stopped here for dinner on a Saturday evening. There was a line, but it moved pretty quickly. Only stood there for about 10 minutes. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and raw oysters. Both delicious! I'm still craving the chargrilled ones. They are probably in my top 5 best things I've ever eaten. The poboys and jambalaya were good as well, but I'm still dreaming of the oysters. I highly recommend trying Felix's!Not sure why there are lines to get into Felix's. Very uninspiring food. If you want a good po-boy, don't waste your time or money here. Head up to Parkway Bakery and Tavern. My Felix Special po-boy was half shrimp and half fried oysters. I think there were two oysters and maybe 3 or 4 shrimp. Unimpressive.We only ordered a dozen oysters and let me tell you....they were the biggest and bestest ever!  12 for $12.75.  I'd say that's a pretty good deal.  
Their liquor license had expired, so we had to go next door for beer and bring inside.  Great little spot just off Bourbon.This place is super bomb!!!! I had the char grilled oysters and soft sheep crab. This sis the best I've ever had !!!!That shit was good! The char broiled oysters and the fried shrimp and oysters were on point!!!!!! Thank you NOLAI love this place.  Alligator appetizer is amazing!  The poboys are delicious.  my friends who ate the oysters loved them as well.  Have eaten here a couple of times and have always loved it.  It is a little pricey in general but not for the French Quarter.I tried some oysters for the first time here with a couple local NOLAns. They were definitely not my thing, but my wife enjoyed them.Consistently great service and GREAT food! Never wait in that stupid line for Acme, Felix's is infinitely better. I didn't know how much I liked oysters until I went to Felix's. Whatever you do, get the chargrilled oysters!!! Seriously one of the best things I've ever eaten. I also always get a dozen raw too because they're delicious. The wedge salad is even incredible, like I dream about it incredible. The drinks are always good too!
I have been here on busier nights when the service was a little more hectic and some mistakes were made, but they were great about getting us what we needed and taking things off of our bill. More often that not, the service is friendly, inviting, and on top of it. So wait in the line, get a drink from the bar while you wait, and before you know it you'll be enjoying those delicious oysters on the half shell.A great place made better by the shucker lads at the bar. 
Escaping the feral stretch of bourbon st, we found this casual oyster bar for a late lunch and were treated to a fun experience sitting at the bar chatting to the fellas shucking oysters.
Michael (allegedly Michael Jackson) was absolutely hilarious, extremely inappropriate, but seemed to pick his audience with us and made us feel welcome, special and entertained us for 2 hours of beers and fresh shucked oysters until we burst at the seams from laughter and full belly's...
Food was excellent (blackened shrimp and of course fresh oysters), atmosphere very casual, relaxed and entertaining.
Thank you Michael! Several customers said goodbye to him as they left, he is clearly a well loved and valued member of the Felix team... He made our 5 star experience at Felix's.
Do yourself a favor, if you are NOT easily offended - sit at the bar - seat yourself in front of Michael and watch his awesome shucking skills, have a beer, order a half dozen natural oysters and laugh your ass off for an hour or two...My boyfriend and I went here twice during our stay because we loved the oysters so much. Our service inside was friendly and we sat at the bar both times. We loved both the chargrilled and the half-shell. The wedge salad was delicious as well. My only complaints were the environment and appearance inside and the brusque service while we waited outside in line.I heard the lines for Acme were horrible so we went to Felix's based on someone's recommendation. I was impressed. The chargrilled oysters were so delicious, we were speechless, then ordered a dozen more. The Beillville oysters were also amazing and you can only get them in NOLA.
We were seated right away, the waiter was patient with us and took the time to explain what was in each type of oysters. He also gave us some recommendations based on what was popular.
In terms of decor, it was plain. But to be honest, just because a place has "eh" decor shouldn't deter from the fact that the food was great.
Can't say much for the other food but the chargrilled and Beillville oysters are a must try.Just what an oyster bar in New Orleans should be.   Fresh, chilled half shells and cold beer on tap.  We enjoyed Felix's totally.  Go there and why stand in line at Acme?Oysters were great and the service was awesome. I would come back again because we were treated very well. Next time I would try more on the menu, as I only had the oysters.We had just landed in New Orleans. And had not eaten all day so I was starving. We wanted to try Acme Oyster but the line was much longer than we wanted to wait. We saw Felix across the street and thought to give it a try.
We started off with a dozen oysters on a half shell. The oysters were fresh & meaty.  I recommend splashing some Crystal hot sauce on them.  Gives it an extra tasty kick.
We also ordered half a dozen chargrilled oysters. The oysters had a nice grilled taste and buttery flavor.  The seasoning on top was also good.  I couldn't tell if it was rosemary or sage.
We also ordered soft shell crab po-boy. The sandwich is large enough to share between two people.  The sandwich was okay.  I am not familiar with po-boy sandwiches so I can't comment on how it is compared to others. 
Our waitress was attentive and friendly.   The service was A+.I used to live in New Orleans in the late 80's and Felix's was one of my favorites to visit for straight ahead Oyster Bars. Huge river delta oysters with Dixie beer...
Fast forward 25 years, I finally returned to Felix's to find it had not changed much. Sure, the oyster shuckers were different, but the fresh oysters were there...waiting for me  and a pint of the locally brewed NOLA Hopitoulas IPA...
My hat is off to the service staff there for rolling with the moment as the customers changed by the hour. The service was A-1 and all I had to do was make my own dipping sauces.
I look forward to returning to Felix's and this time it will not be 25 years later...This place is original ! very cool decor the food is good but the shrimp and grits are very different served with a brown sauce, if you want a quiet atmosphere this is not the place for you .Delicious oysters on the half shelf as well as red beans and rice!  Just as good if not better than Acme Oysters across the street without the crazy long wait!Fresh oysters, funny and decent staff. In the middle of all the action of bourbon streetAcme Oyster was good, but Felix Oyster was great! Too bad it seems like the line is always longer at Acme, but good for all you yelpers who are reading this and don't have to wait as long! Of course you have to have the Chargrilled Oysters. You can see them grilling them from the window outside. The Felix PoBoy was amazing too, as were the rice dishes. But at the end of the day, I'll still be dreaming about those oysters!I've loved Felix for a good 24 months now, and I tried to keep it a secret.  But I guess The Cat is outta the bag now.  So here we go.
I've been to the place across the street from Felix's.  You know, the one with the generic Road Runner / Coyote type brand name.  The one that's been on all the major travel shows/channels.  The one with the line that reaches down the street, filled with folks who look like they watch Emeril Live syndicated reruns religiously.
I love rolling in with Lovely Girlfriend and standing at Felix's oyster bar, mixing my own cocktail sauce, taking down a couple dozen on the half, chasing with an Amber, and talking shit with the shucker about the game.  All the while I can watch those fools in line across the street.Great place to experience real New Orleans hospitality and food. I like to start at the oyster bar for some half shell action , then sit down and enjoy a full meal. Don't forget the pecan pie!Chargrilled Oysters here are the best. This is my favorite of all New Orleans oyster joints. I lived in New Orleans for a few years so I have tried a lot of them. But my first stop when I return is Felix's. All the oysters are great. Chargrilled and Buffalo are my favorites.  The gumbo and etouffe do not disappoint either. It's fun to sit at the counter and watch them shuck and it's a shorter waitSit at the raw bar and order oysters until you are full! We tried to alligator, raw and char grilled oysters. All was delicious. Definitely a staple to visit in New Orleans. 1 star taken away only for a little lack of cleanliness but this is to be expected on bourbon street.We went here with 3 Kids (under 10) as lines were long everywhere and we wanted Oysters now!  Food had an amazing flavor and there was soooo much of it!  Super fast and friendly service!Incredible oysters! Ordered fresh raw and char grilled oysters! Hands down the best I've ever had! I'm from San Francisco where there are great oysters ... but this place takes the cake!!I would have given the restaurant 4 stars but I'm giving it a very weak 3, unfortunately Nikolas M provided little customer service (Nikolas along with most of the wait staff were busy talking in the hallway in between the two dining rooms).  Management presence was minimal.  We had to return crawfish étouffée because at best there were 7 tiny pieces of crawfish combined from within and garnish that would have been a lot calling it maybe 1 ounce. The balance of our food was acceptable with the exception of recommending a higher quality French fries and upgrading the ordinary tasting cole slaw.Nothing to rave about. The charbroiled oysters had a lighter fluid taste. The Gumbo was flavorful and meaty. But the luke-warm fried catfish and shrimp platter was very skimpy (seem more like a lunch portion) and served over a large portion of wimpy, cold fries. And to top it off, the hush puppies were not cooked all the way through. If the meal had been served piping hot it still would not have received a higher rating. The shrimp was over cooked and rubbery. All in all, not that great especially for the wait and price paid.A good solid choice for good ole new orleans seafood. Not as big, fancy or as imaginative as Deanie's, but a hell of a lot better than Acme (which is right across the street)
Skip the Acme line and eat here instead!
Good shrimp remoulade, good gumbo, good fried seafoods.
Very nice "where y'at" kinda staff, great oyster shuckers, and a pleasant overall vibeGood food. Good prices!  I ordered the 1/2 Shrimp Poboy with a cup of Gumbo. The shrimp Poboy only had one pickle on it. :-(  but it was tasty.  My friend ordered the Fried Softshell Crab.  One of the Better fried Softshell crabs that I have tried. (It's hard to beat Deanie's Seafood) try the buffalo oysters they looked awesome!Delicious, but not as much food as a close neighboring establishment . Still, very good.I'm a fan of Felix's primarily for 2 reasons: the location and the ease of seating. I've never, ever had to wait in line for a table at Felix's, as opposed to the establishment across the street. I've only ever had awesome oysters at Felix's, so if that's what you're looking for and don't want to wait in line or pay too much then head across the street to Felix's. Also the blackened alligator is rock solid. As for the rest, I'd say it's mid-range Creole cuisine. Nothing amazing, nothing bad. A great option for people on a budget looking for a taste of local food.They had the best oyster in a of new orleans! My husband and I sat at the oyster bar. The guys were so much fun and made the experience 100 times better. The oyster were kill. Chargrilled oyster were the best. W tried a few different ways and one of the guys said we had to try them. Man I'm glad I did! We will be back next time we are in!Sit at the bar. Been in NOLA 3  nights and by far the best meal since we have been here. My wife hade the raw oysters and we split some onion rings. I had the shrimp platter and she had the shrimp and oyster platter. Was enough food for 4 people. The female bartender ( sorry I can't remember her name)
gave superior service and made it a memorable experience. Highly recommended.In my opinion, yummiest jambalaya I have had in NOLA! Service is a bit clumsy and not that helpful, for that reason I am taking 1 star because my mom and sister went to eat there and they were not that patient.I don't eat oysters but my husband, my sister and her boyfriend do. They shared 18 charbroiled, Rockerfeller (w/melted cheese), and Bienvelle (w/spinach & mushrooms) oysters. They smelled divine but they told me that they tasted good, not great. They all still vote for Acme across the street. 
I had the blackened shrimp (w/the stuffed potato). I don't know what it is about Gulf shrimp...they're much smaller than the ones in LA. My sister said I need to look for prawns so I can get the ones I'm accustomed to. Ha!
The stuffed potato was just a double baked potato w/melted cheese.If we had stuck with oysters, I would give Felix's five stars. The oysters were amazing. We had the char grilled and bienville both of which were so superb! We also had Po Boys which were only mediocre. The fact that they are no better than what we get up North is saying something.  The turtle Soup was unexpectedly good. The bread pudding was super sweet and delicious.I'm  always satisfied with the food when I go there, but this time it was a little different. First off the waitress wasn't very helpful. I think often the restaurant waiters get overwhelmed, so the customer service goes down. The food was just okay, and the only reason I decided to go this time was because Acme's line was ridiculous. I think next time I'll skip this place and try one of the smaller restaurants.Our overall experience was just OK.  Felix's was close to our hotel and in a convenient location for us, so we thought we'd start our evening off there.  We had seen lines out the door here previously, and it had decent reviews on Yelp, so I thought it would be better than average...  but it wasn't.
They didn't have any space in the main room, so they walked us over to the back room, where they cook the oysters over a flame.... which caused the room to be full of oily smoke.  It was almost too oppressive at first, and I thought about leaving.  We decided to just go with it and give it a try.  I'd remove at least a whole star from the overall experience for that factor alone!
Our waiter was pleasant but fairly lifeless and inattentive.  We didn't receive a refill on our drinks until after we were finished eating, which was a bit of a bummer.
The food?  It was actually pretty good.  We started with fried crayfish tails.  They were good, but a little bit dry and over cooked (too crunchy).  And then we shared the jambalaya and crayfish étouffée.  Those were both delicious.  Not the best ever, but still very enjoyable.
I'd probably give the food about a 4, the service a 2, and the smokey burnt oil atmosphere a 1.  Maybe a 2.5 total rating.  I don't regret trying Felix's, but I'd never return, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.  There are better places in the surrounding neighborhood.The oysters here are on point. The service was excellent, great personalities. The three plate sampler was delicious and the environment was fun yet relaxing. Recommend as a must try while visiting NOLA!Sit at the bar if you want quicker service.  
They do have some pretty good oysters and it's fun to try your hand at mixing up the perfect combination of horseradish and cocktail sauce.  
Sat in the back at a table once... it was later at night so it was hard to get much in the way of service.  I got the crawfish po'boy and etouffee to share with my husband.  The po' boy was average, but the etoufee was so good my husband ordered another serving for himself.  
I remember there being problem with the credit card machine and we all had to empty our pockets to pay for the meal... who carries cash these days?  
Anyway... the place isn't fancy by any means... but they have decent food.The 'turtle' soup, oysters, and char-grilled oysters were each the worst I have experienced in New Orleans.  Unable to finish any of the 3 dishes.  I didn't think it was possible to have a bad meal in New Orleans but here it was.  
For cocktail sauce they expect you to mix ketchup and horseradish.  Pecan pie was not good either.  Pass.First, we loved it!, but I do see why it's pretty consistently 4-stars.  Nothing wrong... it's just kinda raw, and not polished, which is why I'm assuming everyone withholds that fifth star.  Staff are knowledgeable/polite and deserving of 20% tip, but not quite that fifth star excellent.  Food was amazing (definitely start with the charbroiled oysters and end with the bread pudding!) and decently priced, but lunch did just cost us $58 (with tip), and we only had soft drinks, split a half-appetizer, and split the dessert (my sister only had a soup as her main meal and I had a half po'boy and cup of gumbo.) All in all, we both feel it's a must-visit when in NOLA.When Acme had a crazy line one night, we decided to eat here (across from Acme) based on a friend's recommendation. I ordered the chargrilled oysters and the Creole sampler. The sampler came with red beans and rice, gumbo, and jambalaya. 
The red beans and rice were the best here. It topped some other places I've tried.Probably the worst food I have ever had. Oysters were a 2 out of 10 at best. None of the food was hot and came out 5 minutes after ordering, not fresh at all. Your basic tourist trap, my own fault for not doing more research.Killer chargrilled oysters...  perfect fried pickles...  perfect shucked oysters...  creamy with amazing cocktail sauce...  tremendous beer list...  awesome service...  worth the wait...  don't be obnoxious- this place is wonderfully down-to-earthNo trip to New Orleans is complete without a stop at Felix's.  Of course, you have to have the oysters. Raw, or charbroiled, the oysters just taste better here.  Service is prompt.  The place is loud; and if you have to stand in line, well, it's worth it.Awesome service- better than acme with less line. We sat at the bar so only waited less than 5. Bartender and food was on point. I want to live there. Treat yourself to get a half dozen of each of their oysters and split with a friend. Chargrilled if you have to pick 1!Tried both Felix's and Acme, I have to say Felix's was a lot better. 
To start the customer service was better. Had raw oysters at both restaurants, Felix's was better because they were larger. Didn't care for the Charbroiled at Acme, so we tried the Oysters Rockefeller at Felix's. The oyster were larger and better tasting. 
The only complaint at Felix's was the Jambalaya was mushy. 
Why wait in line at Acme, just go to Felix's and enjoy yourself.Yum! Love their oysters. Something was up with their liquor license so they were unable to serve alcohol... So it was BYOB. Still delicious. I think that they win out for taste on chargrilled oysters. My fave that we got to try in NOLA was: deanie's ... Then Felix's .... Then acme. We still need to try drago's!We ordered a cup of gumbo, a cup of jambalaya , a cup of etouffee, a roasted beef po-boy, a seafood salad, a plate of grilled shrimps sided with grilled veggies and sweet potato fries , and a dozen of char-grilled oysters.  It was my parents' first time having Louisiana food, normally they only eat Chinese food., And my dad said he liked it, that is a compliment&!  I highly recommend the grilled shrimp plate!  
The restaurant is inside of French quarter, really small and busy.  The environment can be cleaner .The food was okay. The service is something i would love to tell more about. The waitress was absolutely laud back, oblivious and with attitude. I had to wait quite a long time before i could finally ask for the knife to start eating my meal. Then had to wait for a long while before the waitress finally took my credit card so i could get outta here. Not coming back for sure. Oh, and no "Good evening" or "Thank you! Have a good night!" Just a young gal standing completely in her thoughts... Hostess?...Eh, it was ok. I'm a local and had never actually been here, but was in the area and thought "why not"?! Service was definitely attentive and friendly, but food was just ok. I got the half po boy, half gumbo. Gumbo was good, but the cup was so small! I've had better shrimp po boys though. There were no pickles even though I asked for dressed and the shrimp were also very tiny. Bread seemed a bit stale. For the price (I realize it's the Quarter so everything will be pricey) I was not impressed.One of things that causes me the greatest anxiety when on vacation is figuring out where to eat. Thanks to a recommendation from a friend and reviews on Yelp, Felix's was the first place we hit when we arrived in New Orleans. 
We started with cocktails - a beer for my companion and a Pimm's Cup for me. The Pimm's Cup was perfection, down to the cucumber garnish. (Pimm's absolutely requires cucumber.) Definitely what the doctor ordered after getting up at 4 a.m. for a flight.
We ordered some char-grilled oysters (about which my friend had raved) and a fish and shrimp platter. The oysters were amazing - topped with butter, breadcrumbs, and parmesan. They came with bread and we asked for more of that so we could soak up every bit of the buttery, smoky, oyster-y goodness.
The fish and shrimp platter was great, too. The fish was catfish (duh - it's New Orleans), fried so the batter was perfectly crispy without the fish becoming dry. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. And the fries that came with it were beautiful, golden shoestrings. In addition to the tartar for the fish and cocktail sauce for the shrimp, our server brought us a side of their cajun ranch dressing. OMG. So delicious - ask for it if they don't bring it automatically.
Our meal was so great the first time, we went back a couple days later. Service was a little tentative the second time (I think the server might have been new) and the Pimm's Cup wasn't as good (maraschino cherries - really? It's not an old fashioned), but the oysters and fish platter carried the day again. 
If (okay, when) we make it back to NOLA, we will be at Felix's again.Great place for oysters and any of the other local cuisine.  It's just as good as Acme but less crowdedOur first chargrilled oysters and we were hooked! The best! The service was fantastic and so was the food. We will be back!This place is great!  Don't let the longer line at ACME and the decor throw you off!  A friend recommended Felix's to me and it was great!
Char-grilled oysters were phenomenal and the grilled shrimp po' boy was absolutely delicious.  Certainly worth a visit while in NOLA.Step 1: Do NOT make the double in size line for the competitor down the street!
Step 2: Grab a beer while you wait in line from any bar of your choice on Bourban
Step 3: do salivate as you pass the small window which will allow you a glimpse into chargrilled oyster heaven 
Step 4 : PUT DOWN THE MENU!  You will kick yourself if you order anything else, please if you ever trust another human being in your life let it be me , right now, with these words "Order a dozen chargrilled oysters for YOURSELF and tell everyone else you're an only child not willing to share"
Step 5: like this review!We ate here on a Saturday night around 7 pm, there was a short line to get in but it was well worth it. We sat at the Oyster bar and had great conversation with the employees as the shucked oysters right in front of us. We had oysters, blackened Alligator (a must try), crawfish etouffee and some of the fried seafood and everything was excellent. I highly recommend eating here.I'm only writing to add a note about this place.  We were at a show that got out at 10:30, hadn't eaten any dinner and were a might peckish.  We walked down to look for Acme which is a legendary oyster place and it was clearly locked up tight for the night.  As we stood on the sidewalk we saw some folks at Felix's slurping and sliding down those fat oysters.  We couldn't get in fast enough and were instantly greeted and welcomed up to the bar.  We started with a dozen and the shucker gave them to us 3 or 4 at a time.  He kept an eye on us and just as we were finishing he'd open us a few more!  You can't get them any colder or fresher than that!  So very very good.
Needless to say ya gotta go, go to Felix's if you want oysters.AWESOME ... But ... It's not ACME across the street with a long line I'm sure ... The jambalaya was fantastic ... The po-boy was good but not great .... So let's talk oysters ... CHARGRILLED is the way to go ... The ones at ACME are a bit bigger and much more flavorful ... The ones at Felixs are a bit smaller and felt they just lacked a little in taste ... Both places have great service ... EnjoySimply Awesome! The raw oysters were the freshest I've ever had. The char grilled oysters were also amazing. The deluxe Bloody Mary was so good and came with a raw oyster. The wait staff here was super nice and so attentive. This is a must stop by restaurant in New Orleans.Terrible service. Items that were ordered never showed up. Place was filthy. Do yourself a favor and go across the street to Acme.We ate grilled gator, crawfish po-boy and crawfish étouffée and OMG it was the best food we had our entire trip. Service was good and we lucked out and got there when the wait wasn't bad. Highly recommend this place.As busy as they were, the service was great. I have never tried barbecue oysters before and they were just as amazing as the raw were fresh. I totally destroyed the over-sized pound of crawfish. The line down the sidewalk was just as long as the line across the street at Acme and I can easily see why!The food was by far the best throughout New Orleans. The service was astounding! The staff as a whole were comforting and they make you feel at home. Asante was super friendly and perky, he made our experience that much better!Awesome!  Friendly staff, great oysters- must try the char-grilled oysters, great atmosphere!  Nice little place with a lot of personality!Not the ideal Cajun place...lacks flavor of the traditional Cajun spunk!! Not impressed, would not recommend if your looking for anything new with flavor!! Although the oysters are ok.Lisa K. was the best!!! We had almost 20 people in our party & she did not mess up one thing. She was attentive & funny. We really enjoyed having her wait on us. I got the lettuce wedge salad & a cup of seafood gumbo- very good & light. My boyfriend had the seafood platter, which I also took part in. Also very good. Tender fish, amazing fried oysters & the hush puppies! Don't even get me started! If I ever come to New Orleans again I won't hesitate on where to go for lunch/dinner.We tried Felix's after having read Yelpers' suggestions as an alternative to Acme and, sure enough, there was a line at Acme, so we stopped in Felix's and sat at the oyster bar. I can only speak for oysters, as that was the only thing we ate. The fresh raw oysters and the char-grilled oysters were both the very best we had in NOLA. We made friends with Brian as he shucked away for us. Great folks and superb oysters- all that we had hoped for!I know you all like long and detailed reviews, I will keep it simple and to the point, sometimes it's easier this way.
- The wait: line goes fast and it's worth it, there is a Line for a reason.
- The service: fast and friendly... What else would you want? And also knowledgable of the food they serve.
- The food: I had grilled oysters 9/10 they are the best if you like them cooked
Followed by raw oysters 9/10 also great, not salty and fresh, only in Mexico I had better ones ( they actually moved when I put lemon on them)
Then Crawfish Eutufee or however you spell that thing 9/10 fantastic! Just needed more craw fish
To finish I had bread pudding.. The only thing I did not like about it was my conscience telling me "Manuel that is to big! Doesn't matter it's that good you will regret eating that much, stop! Stop!!"
After all this I rolled... Literally rolled my way back to the hotel5 oyster joints in 3 days. Raw, charbroiled, you name it. These were our fave. We enjoyed making our seafood sauce and I preferred the charbroiled.Let me start with this:  NOT FANCY, but fabulous!  For fried New Orleans fare this please is great.  Not fancy inside, but super fast service, full bar, great oyster options, po-boy was phenomenal and so was the bread pudding.  Just remember not to judge a book by its cover.  I had a filling, fast, reasonably priced dinner with great New Orleans flair!  Try the oyster shooter, it was amazing!Sooo authentic and amazing atmosphere! There are lots of different kinds of oysters but the raw ones are the best. Jambalaya was savory and filling. Service was slow but food made up for it.It's hard to believe that I've never been to this restaurant, but yes this was my first time. And Man was it good! We started out with grilled oysters on the half shell. Then went right to an oyster Po boy with a little serving of crawfish étouffée.  Whenever we come to New Orleans it's almost like someone's  putting a big warm blanket around us. Man it feels so warm and cozy hereFelix's has always been known for quality seafood at reasonable prices, and it is still so. Was previously here for dinner in 1997 during a trip to New Orleans. This time just went in for Char Grilled Oysters after dinner at Oceana Grill. The oysters took almost an hour to come out from the kitchen, since the restaurant was very busy, but were worth the wait. You can't beat Felix's for good food in a casual setting!My first meal in New Orleans was at Felix's. My friends and I ordered a dozen raw oysters, a dozen char-grilled oysters, the Bayou Platter Sampler, and some fried platter (not really a fan of fried food). The oysters were amazing, especially the char-grilled ones! I'm not normally a fan of cooked oysters, so that's kind of saying something. The Bayou Platter Sampler came with red beans, jambalaya, and etouffee. All 3 dishes were SO GOOD. I was really surprised at the red beans. I HATE beans, but these were pretty darn good! This place was so good, we came back a second time on the same weekend!Since we experienced such great, delicious food and warm, friendly service (from Dymphna) with lunch just three days ago, we decided to head back to Felix's for dinner. Unfortunately, this time around, we only got the delicious food with a side of cold, rude service from our waitress (Shonda). 
First, she really rushed us with food ordering, menu was dropped off and she was back to ask what we wanted within 5 min even though half the table of four had left to use the restroom! Second, our water were completely empty and waiting before she came back to refill. Third, when we asked for a second plate for that we could split our 4 yrs old's kids' meal dish with his 2 yrs old brother, rather than moving ten feet to the station to grab a plate, she rudely picked up my wife's soup dish and said "there's your extra plate, i.e., use the damn plate the bowl of soup was brought out on for the plate." That's pretty damn rude of her, horrible customer service. Even the people sitting at the table next to us reacted to this. When customers spend $70+ for dinner and you cannot even grab an extra plate is pretty disappointing. My four stars review has dropped by one now.I've had Acme's before about a month ago and I do have to say that this place is just as good for oysters. Yeah, I understand that it's Acme's and the name speaks for itself, but this place is right across the street, doesn't have a line, is cheaper, and the quality is just as amazing. Their oysters are a bit smaller, but it was still fantastic. Don't get me wrong, I love Acme's too, but sometimes I want oysters and I want them now and Felix's gives me my oyster fix. It's more low key, the ambiance is a little drab and dark, but the wait staff was very nice and accommodating, and you can't really complain about that. This place needs a lot more credit than it's being given. I'm a fan.Great place for standard New Orleans seafood, no reason to wait in line for Acme across the street, the food was comparable. Had a few iterations of oyester dishes, liked the Char-grilled oyesters the best.Best NOLA oyster bar hands down!!!  Had oyster apps every night we were there!  4 days in a row...our shucker, Derrick (sp?) was so friendly I felt like a long time friend immediately!  Great vibe, great people behind the counter, and most of all, FRESH delicious oysters!!!Forget ACME, come across the street to Felix's.  They have these charbroiled oysters that will change your life.  I dont say that often about many things but seriously, they are amazing.  Good selection of beer and sides at a DEEP discount from ACME...no question, this is the place to go.  We're in New Orleans about once a year and this is our first stop.  Well, AFTER a hurricane.Not fancy, can get loud and occasionally smoky if you get seated near the grill - still the best oysters in the Quarter (possibly in the city) and completely worth the trip. It's usually packed with a nice mix of tourists and locals having a casual lunch or dinner. I usually just stick with the chargrilled oysters for my meal, but they've got great gumbo as well. They have a fairly large menu, which is great if you're in a big group with some people who don't love seafood as much.We had been lining up for Acme across the road and line wasn't moving so Felix's it was and we did not regret it! Absolutely fantastic chargrilled oysters! Recommend going for the basic chargrilled rather than any other sort as these are far from boring! Soak that buttery sauce up with the bread and wash down with a very strong Hurricane cocktail!We had a 10:15 reservation at another restaurant, so decided to get something early to tie us over. Ordered a Bloody Mary, fried crawfish, a cup of etouffee, and 12 grilled oysters. Everything was delicious! Very thankful for the yelp reviews and history that brought us here!We stumbled on this eatery by happenstance.first nite here, just set out after settling in at hotel.hungry and disoriented by Mardis gras parades we wandered around until we saw this gem. Best accidental in a long time for us! Wife had soft shelled crabs, I had fried shrimp and oysters plate. Outstanding! Great service! Reasonably priced. Must go back a couple more times before we go back home. Yes, that GOOD!Delicious! We loved the breading on the fried pickles, others at the table raved about the grilled gator, and the Blackened Shrimp was perfect! Their Hurricane drink was not my favorite for sure (too strong).Had to eat a bunch of Oysters in Nola.
The raw oysters were large, gulf oysters. They were OK, but did not have all that much flavor. The make your own cocktail sauce was cool, but I discovered it a bit too late.
The chargrilled oysters are where its at. Do get those, as they are scrumptious.Went here on our first night in NO.. The food was great. The oysters were fresh and the staff was on point.  Also had a Po'boy and it was good too. They were fast, friendly and accommodating.We came here because we heard this is where the locals go for oysters, and tourists go to acme. 
Luckily we were sat immediately, because when we left there was a line as long as acme's. 
Ok I know it's New Orleans and air conditioning is a must to beat the heat and humidity, BUT HOLY JAMBALAYA IT WAS COLD! I had goosebumps!
We ordered quickly, also: 6 oysters on the half shell, 6 chargrilled, an order of sweet fries, and the sampler. 
I was so excited for the oysters, but they were surprisingly tiny. The raw ones were salty and tasty, and the chargrilled were smokey, garlicky, and full of flavor. The sampler (red beans, étouffée, jambalaya) was ok. Tbh my favorite thing we ordered were the fries!!
We finished it off with bread pudding. It was a 10/10the line for ACME was a mile long so we came here instead and the wait was only 10 minutes.  We ordered a dozen of fresh oysters for only $10-something.  The oysters were fresh.  The seafood gumbo has good flavor but watery, the fried catfish was good and so was the aligator appetizer.  Our waitress was very nice.I am from the Charleston area, so my review may be a little biased because our oysters are infinitely better than gulf oysters.  That being said, the oysters were very large and pretty good.  We also got the fried gator which was very good.
I give this restaurant 3 stars really because the bartender was very rude (we sat at the bar to eat)- not only to our group but also to the couple sitting next to us.  She was somewhat snobby and unattentive- barely acknowledging our presence when we sat down.  She acted like it was a chore to get us some beers, oysters shots, and a couple appetizers.  The bar area was pretty full, but there were 2 bartenders serving so it really was not that difficult for them to serve everyone.  Yes we were dressed up in beads and dainty flwoer garlands for the St. Patrick's day weekend, but we were not intoxicated or being rowdy in any sense.  This is the only place in NOLA where I did not feel welcome!  She seriously needs an attitude adjustment!  And yes, I have worked in food and bev (I was a bartender and server), so I understand from her perspective the long hours and drunk people, but I never was this rude to customers (even when they were rude to me).We came here Saturday night and there was a huge line out front. Thankfully everyone in front of us had large parties and we were sat within 10 minutes of being there. We went inside and the place is very tiny and narrow and most tables are only a four top. We were greeted by our server Alex who was very polite and took really good care of us. We ordered some chargrilled and raw oysters. The oysters were phenomenal!!! The best oysters I've had the pleasure of eating. My friend ordered the red beans and rice with sausage and that was equally awesome! The sausage was cooked to perfection. We ordered a small cup of gumbo which of course was just as amazing as the rest of our food. Overall I'd recommend this place to anyone and we will definitely be going back whenever we return to New Orleans. You cannot go wrong with this place!For our last night in the French Quarter, my wife and I decided to take a walk on the wild side and try some New Orleans' style oysters (neither one of us are fond of oysters). A quick Yelp search (I honestly don't know what I would do without Yelp) led us to Felix's Restaurant and Oyster Bar.
Although they were extremely busy, when we entered the bar we were immediately greeted by two employees standing at the front entrance of the restaurant. We were seated immediately, and provided waters and menus. As a starter, we chose to order half a dozen of the Char Grilled oysters. Since my wife and I are kindred spirits, we both ordered the Fried Shrimp & Fried Fish Platter.
Roughly ten minutes later, our boiling hot oysters were being placed onto our table. As I mentioned before, we are not huge fans of oysters; however, the texture and taste of the Char Grilled oysters (paired with whatever sauce the oysters were cooked in), immediately made us thank ourselves for trying something new. Aside from the oysters, the bread that was provided in the center of the circle of oysters was equally delightful. The sauce from the oysters made for a perfect dipping experience with the bread.
We both enjoyed our platters of Fried Shrimp & Fish. However, it paled in comparison to the Char Grilled oysters. Since it was our last night in New Orleans (and we decided that once we returned home we would go on a major detox), we decided that it wouldn't hurt to order a dozen of the Char Grilled oysters (bringing our Char Grilled oyster count to 18). Our beloved waitress (unfortunately I forgot to take note of her name), was extremely patient and gracefully assisted us (amongst the other tables that she was responsible for).
Although it's been exactly a week since our encounter with their Char Grilled Oysters, the taste of them are still fresh in my mind as I'm putting the finishing touches on this review. Next time that we're in the French Quarter, we will definitely make a return visit to Felix's Restaurant and Oyster Bar!Went to Felix on recommendation from friends. Glad we did. Sat at the bar and had oysters bienville, char-grilled, and blackened alligator. The guys shucking oysters were a hoot to talk with and the food was quite good. The char-grilled oysters were freaking amazingCHAR-GRILLED OYSTERS is the reason why I come back to Felix's time after time!  Sweet, juicy, and piping hot when served!  Full of flavor of butter, garlic, herbs and Parmesan - oh yea!  
Choosing one or two of Felix's delicious side portions of red beans and rice, seafood gumbo, jambalaya, or  étouffée makes an early or late evening meal complete! 
The line moves quickly!  The service is fast and friendly!  The austere interior remains as the background for the bustling and engrossing atmosphere!
Cheers!
Disclaimer:  with my 5 stars given ...  stay clear of their iceberg salad - not much care was put into cutting the wedge, mostly the hard core of the lettuce was served - not worth ordering at allCame to Felix's because Acme was to crowd with a long line. Omg the food was wonderful. My first time having oysters so I was a little nervous. Melvin recommended the the char boiled oysters. They were sooooo good. Melvin was such a wonderful waiter and person. He was patient, knowledgeable, friendly, and not pushy. I would highly recommend.The conceriege at our hotel recommended this restaurant  on our last day in New Orleans. Not really knowing what to expect, we walked over to this place. 
We ordered the fried alligator, red beans and rice and the bread pudding.
The red beans and rice were so flavorful and creamy and the andouille sausage was nice and spicy. 
The bread pudding was absolutely to die for! 
I know that we will come back for these two items whenever we make a stop into NOLA again. 
The fried alligator was good but the other plates stole the show.Like others, hoped to eat at Acme but they had a line, so decided to try Felix's. Yelp steered me wrong. I really wanted some chargrilled oysters, which I ordered, along with a cup of seafood gumbo. The oysters were so disappointing. Not even close to the quality of what we got at Acme. Gumbo was ok. Hubby had the roast beef po boy, which was ok but beef was not very good. I don't care if there isn't a wait I prefer Acme for my oysters.It's ok.  We just wanted to try a poboy sandwich, but had nothing to compare it to.  There was a long line, and even after we ordered our food we waited a long time for a couple sandwiches to come out.
The poboy sandwiches weren't as good or what I was expecting.  We got the crawfish poboys which had small little breaded and fried prices of crawfish.  The breeding of the crawfish along with the bun....never tasted crawfish.I really like this place. Great atmosphere and I think the raw oysters are as good as anywhere I've have in Nola. Plus, they're currently BYOB which is a plus.We stopped in here for some oysters.  I am from Louisiana so I am no stranger to eating oysters.  Their oyster prices were some of the highest that I have ever seen.  The price for 1 dozen grilled is $21 and for 1 dozen raw is $16.  I often eat oysters for about $10 per dozen.  We also had to wait a while to have someone wait on us.  I won't be back.I got the bayou platter and l loved it. It comes with a bowl of etouffe, gumbo and jambalaya. My favorites were the etouffe and jambalaya. I also got the oysters which were fresh and delicious. I want to come back and try everything else. Prices are very reasonable and waiter was very nice.Awesome char grilled oysters! Squeeze a bit of the lemon on there, a touch of hot sauce and they will light up your mouth. Be sure to get a dozen or you'll be sorry. Fried oysters also excellent.... Nice wait staff , "come as you are" kind of place!Heaven at the bar. Eating alone concentrated upon the food, and Jimmy Page in the earbuds.
Halfa raw,  halfa chargrilled, cuppa gumbo, ain't done yet.  Yesssssss. The major food groups all excelled , at the bar, at Felix.This is a great alternative to Acme that I have visited 2-3 times. Last night we had a couple dozen grilled oysters and red beans/rice, and all really had a nice flavor. We were seated right away and the service from front to back was spot on. I was really appreciative of the night manager Robbie that helped us recover our son's cell phone after closing hours. He was far more helpful than the average restaurant, and he didn't know me from Adam.... Really nice folks at this place!An unexpected treat. We were in town for the Bayou Classic. Needless to say every single place in town was packed. I'm so glad we took a chance on this place. 
After only a short wait we were seated. The staff were so gracious & made us feel like our large party was no big deal, even on such a busy evening. 
The food was seafood, seafood & more seafood. Most of our party had fried platters & there were no complaints. My husband's shrimp were big, well seasoned & crisp. But Oh My, those char grilled oysters everyone is raving about- baby let me tell you. They are slap somebody good. I have had many, many oysters & their take was truly in my top 5. Just try them. You'll understand why all the fuss.
My raw oysters were also yummy. Clean, fresh & no ugly shell bits anywhere to be found. Skip that humongous line across the street at Acme. You won't regret it. 
As a foodie w/ Crohns I usually end up in the bathroom at some point & appreciate clean ones. There's were completely clean & the staff were awesome.Good food great service . I ate fried catfish , oysters and drank my new fav beer abita amber. You know the place is good when the line to get in goes down the street.The staff is great, very friendly. The food is even better! 
Appetizer: Chargrilled Oysters. I'm speechless. I'm not a big oyster fan but I will always order chargrilled oysters and this place knows how to do it! They're definitely not stingy on bread either.
Main Course: The Seafood Platter was definitely enough for two people. The batter was not too thick, which allowed you to really taste the fish, shrimp and oysters. Delicious. 
Dessert: We ordered the Bread Pudding with Whiskey. A great size to share with friends and sweet but not too sweet. I didn't taste the whiskey in it so much, which I'm actually thankful for because I hate the taste of whiskey. Definitely a recommended dessert for this place, we were just too full to finish it because the serving sizes here are pretty great!Kind of a divey spot for food. The oysters were OK but kind of dirty. I guess you get what you pay for cause a dozen is $10.95. Gumbo was OK and the shrimp cocktail was kind of lame. And the beers weren't cold enough.Chargrilled oysters were amazing! They also had excellent bloody mary's. There was a short line out the door but it moved quickly. They were very fast about bringing out our food. I waited an extra 5-10 minutes for some alligator appetizer and they compt'd the plate because they thought it took too long even though we never complained and didn't think it took long at all. Great service and great food and drinks, for sure going back next time I'm in town!This place is awesome!! Oysters on the half shell are thenbomb!! Po Boys are delicious and the staff is Uber friendly!! I highly recommend this place if in the French Quarter!!First place we ate when we got to New Orleans. Just had the oysters, buffalo and charred; ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! Highly recommend this place. Drinks are delicious and strong. Wait staff was very friendly. Bathrooms are very clean. Loud inside however enjoyable atmosphere. Must wait outside to be seated. Definitely plan on going back!Char broiled oysters were amazing! Was a little crowded but service was fast and great. Shrimp po boy was also great!BEINVILLE OYSTERS ARE MY NEW FAV!! 
We decided to try this restaurant because Acme Oyster house across the street had a line that stretched outside! Wait in line... in the cold?!?! Ain't nobody got time for that! I was hesitant at first because the spot looks a tad bit sketchy, but we went in anyway. 
We walked in and stood near the counter at the front for a minute before being greeted and led to a table on the other side of the restaurant. The crowd was lively and the atmosphere was casual and comfortable.  The waitress was very helpful and friendly in explaining the different varieties of oysters. I honestly dont remember what my main dish was but I vividly recall the 1/2 dozen Bienville Oysters that I ordered and fell in love with! Chargrilled oysters topped with a thick sauce made of crabmeat and mushrooms. Absolutely TO DIE FOR!! 
I've been to New Orleans many times and this will definitely be on my list of favorite places to eat. 
Visited in March 2014No separate checks. Casual dining. Oysters were great. Red beans and rice was really good. Jumbalia was good. Cool though. The Bloody Mary's were excellent.So after trying Acme we had try Felix's and glad we did.. Oysters seemed fresher and not as gritting. Prices where slightly higher than Acme. But it was worth it, I ordered the jambalaya and they forgot to heat it..( pre made) but they where apologetic and warmed it up right away. My wife ordered the beans and rice which was very comforting to the belly.. 
So next time in town it's definitely Felix for us..Magnificent. Clean, awesome service, amazing food. Had crawfish, gator and oysters and was more than pleased. Skip the bigger places and go here if you can.Haven't eaten her in a long time.  I was so looking forward to eating here.  Service was pathetic.  Nonchalant server named Shontelle.  Had to ask for everything.  No silver.  No napkins.  Had to ask for refills.  I get better service at McDonalds.  No service equals no tip!Excellent atmosphere. Excellent food. Excellent service. Just EXCELENT!
Order the Jambalaya Pasta. Its not on the menu, but it was recommended to me by one of the waitstaff, Jared. He was our server both times we visited the restaurant during a 4 day trip! Yes the food was THAT good!
I loved the relaxed atmosphere and the joking back and forth between the customers and the waitstaff. Definitely got the family vibe :)Just go to ACME oyster bar. trust me just not worth itNot a classy place but good Nola food. This place is known for its chargrilled oysters and that is what we came there for.  The gumbo had very good flavor but very few shrimp and veggies. The oysters were out of this world.  The atmosphere was loud but you have to expect that here.  Kinda dirty but it's not a cloth table restaurant.Food is not that good, the waiter is so clamsy and taking off plates while you're still dining looks like he wants you to eat fast and get out, not going back there, I'll try the one on the other side of the street ACMEI have tried a lot of oysters from all over the world and I have to say the raw oysters here is one of the best I have ever eaten. It is so fresh to a point where there is no fishiness smell to it. When I got to my second dish, the chargrilled oysters, my mind was blown ever more to a point of euphoria!! 
Come here for the raw and chargrilled oysters and grab yourself some local amber beer! you will not be dissapointed!Two visits, 2 different tales. We went on Sunday night and the place was hopping. Sat at the bar and had the chargrilled oysters. Great service and great food. We were so impressed we went back today and again sat at the bar. Ordered the oysters again as well as the seafood gumbo. The service was minimal at best. The oysters were not at all like what we had Sunday. The gumbo was the worst we have ever had. Some of the rice was not cooked. The bread served with the oysters was stale. So disappointing. We won't go back, at least not during a weekday.I have been here twice after thinking about going to Acme Oyster and seeing the daunting line.  They have several employees  shucking oysters, so that pretty much always makes me go with the oysters.  It's a good mid priced restaurant which makes it good for a better lunch or an average dinner.Casual dining.  Nice staff.  I had the fried catfish for lunch.  Service was fast and the fish was good.  My bf ordered the jambalaya and it was delicious.  I would definitely recommend trying it.This place was continuously recommended to us after seeing how long the line at Acme's was. If you want oysters, they have oysters. If you want moderately priced fish fry, they got that too. One of the better dinners I had during my stay in the French Quarter.I wonder how many reviews for Felix's start with 'the line for Acme was too long." We were starving and didnt want to wait. We walked accross the street to Felix's where we were sat immediately and had one of the nicest ladies ever serve us. 
We ordered Oysters Rockefeller, Oysters Bienville, and the charbroiled oysters. If I did it all over again, I would just order the charbroiled. They were amazing! Nothing wrong with the other kind though. 
I ordered the crawfish po-boy with a side of etouffe and my boyfriend ordered a bowl of gumbo and some jambalaya. His was much much better than mine (he'd probably rate this a 4). Mine was just a tiny bit bland, but still tasted good.Delicious. Enough said. The waitress who calls everyone "Love" is wonderful. Cocktail sauce... SPICEY! A must have if in the French Quarter!This place is a dive and I loved it.  Best chargrilled oysters that I could find.  Everybody raved about acme but I actually thought this place was 10 times yummier.  Acme is covered with Parmesan cheese which just simply overpowered the oyster.  These were perfection.  Perfectly cooked and perfect balance!
If you want grilled oysters, don't miss this place.   But be warned, once you go there you will want to adjust your dining schedule to return over and over again!Everything is just OKAY here. We came here because the line at Acme was just too long, but I would've much rather waited. The food, while decently priced and nicely portioned, was all very bland. I was waiting for the explosion of flavors that one expects from a restaurant in the heart of the French Quarter. Sadly, the explosion never came. What saved this place was the excellent service. The staff was unbelievably friendly and attentive. Also, the homemade cocktail sauce packed a punch! Other than that, mediocre at best ... just suck it up and wait on line for Acme.This place has been around for over 70 years! And it is still excellent! The food is outstanding. I had the sampler, and all 3 were fantastic. They have amazing char grilled oysters, maybe the best I ever had. It' located right off Bourbon St, so it's busy and lots of tourists.I'm giving it 2 stars because the oysters were plump and pretty good.  That being said I can get them anywhere in Houston for under $10 a dozen.  Had the raw and the grilled and not that impressed by the grilled.  Ever heard of pappadeaux? 100x better.
Next I had the red beans and rice which taste like refried beans and rice.  Totally disgusting.  My wife had the sea food gumbo which was nasty and had no sea food in it what so ever.  My daughter at the chicken fingers which wasn't too bad.  Not great but ok. 
I honestly think the French Quarters is so crowded and the lines are so long at places like Felix and Acme that it doesn't matter what they put on the plate, you will eat it. 
The best meal I had the entire weekend was at Jack in the Box in Beaumont, TX.  
If you're into rude people, long lines, piss in the streets, getting yeld at by the homeless, having your 12 year old daughter so scared she won't let go of your hand, bad food, getting scammed by cabbie's, then maybe New Orleans is for you.  
Oh, and tried to got to the French Bakery on Sunday morning and the line was so long for a donut it was crazy, another swing and a miss.  I know I know there isn't a line and the locals know to walk up and be seated.  Try that with 3 people when you have 75 people waiting in a pretend line.  Another fiasco.We originally wanted to go to Acme Oyster House, but the line was so long and we were so hungry I suggested we eat at Felix's. It looked like a place locals would eat -- it didn't have all the flashiness of a touristy location, it was busy with customers and it looked clean.  The service was great. Quick and friendly but it didn't make up for the mediocre food. 
We had the seafood platter -- fried catfish, oysters and shrimp over a bed of french fries. You really can't mess up anything you batter up and fry to a golden brown...but I would have hoped that it was seasoned better. It just tasted fried. The gumbo was flavorful, but lukewarm which kind of grossed me out. And the raw oysters lacked in size compared to other places we had gone and didn't seem quite as fresh.Awful, overpriced food. Our Jambalaya resembled that of Uncle Ben's or Zattaran's ready rice. My friend's shrimp "Po Boy" had salad size shrimp and was bare and dry. This place is so overpriced and looks like a shabby dinner. Please take your business elsewhere.