A major caveat to start: I live 20 minutes from Mexico. This is not Mexican.
    That being said, we ate here several times because it was cheap and a few blocks from our hotel and it wasn't terrible.
    The tortilla situation is dire. The flour ones used for burritos are squishy, damp and stretchy. Almost raw. First time we ate here the tortilla was actually cold. For tacos, I asked for crunchy for fear their soft would be like the burrito tortilla. Sadly, the crunchy tortilla was exactly like Mission brand boxed that you get at the supermarket. 
     The cheese option is weird too. They offer a sandwich slice of white cheese. I refused it, so I don't know if it's mozzarella or what.
     Where they earn their stars is the other fillings. Many meat options. All fish options are fried unfortunately. Lots of options for beans, cilantro onion salad, pico de gallo and several fresh salsas.
     Also, a full bar and they did ok with making a Bloody Maria.
     The inside of the restaurant is attractive and comfortable, much more than a taco shop. Late hours were convenient for post parade bites. Maybe they aren't always open so late?  Start offering some breakfast items and grill the tortillas and they could get 4 stars.Amazing Mexican food at an amazing price. I got the plato which comes with soft tacos, meat, veggies, beans, rice, and pico de gallo. I added guacamole for an extra fee. It was still all under $9. It was also $4 margarita night. The margarita needed a little extra lime added, but it was a good value. The people who work there were friendly. The food was fresh and not greasy. It was a great find!So I come here on my visit to NOLA and after our walk thru the Berlin Stripe. They were right the Hurricanes are DELICIOUS here.  We came very close to closing hours but they still served us food and drinks. Tacos were good and so was the chips and dips.Felipe's does the cheap taqueria thing well.  Fresh ingredients, tasty food, light on the wallet...nothing fancy...and it doesn't need to be.  The food speaks for itself.  I'm not giving it five stars because when I went there it was a slammin' Thursday night, and someone thought it was a brilliant idea to be training someone on the line while the place was packed and the line was quite literally out the door.  No.  I'm sorry...but you just don't do that.  Not unless you want for it to take 5 minutes per customer to go through, and for people to leave after already waiting for 15 to 20 minutes with the line not moving an inch, which is what was happening.  Save the training for the day shift.  But after waiting the half an hour to get to the counter, I have to say, that was one of the better quesadillas I've ever had (carnitas with monterey jack, pico de gallo & guacamole, if you're interested in knowing...though I went back two days later and got a steak quesadilla which was equally as good).  Their salsa bar was really good too.  I especially enjoyed the pickled carrots.
I've been home from N.O. less than 24 hours, and I'm already missing Felipe's.Great place to get a cheap dinner and decent Mexican food in NOLA. We were walking around the French quarters and needed a quick bite to eat. A short line at about 5 o'clock, which was good because no one wants to wait when they're hungry! I ordered a chicken chimmichanga(sp?) and the wife had shrimp tacos. Dinner cost was around $25, which was pretty good considering I walked out stuffed and satisfied. Linds said the tacos were really good. A fast moving line + good food + a great price for a tourist area = 4 stars in my book!Look. Felipes is awesome, cheap, and fast.  It's set up like a typical burrito place.  You line up and tell them what ingredients you want on your burrito.  But the quesadilla is the way to go.  It's not what you're thinking.  The quesadilla at felipes is the same as a burrito but it's grilled.  
Everything thing I've had is great.  Chicken, steak, fried fish, or vegetables.  There's also a fully stocked bar.  Oh yeah, it's way better than Juans.I work in the French Quarter - a few doors down from Felipe's, in fact... And this is HANDS DOWN your tastiest cheapest option for lunch or dinner in the Quarter (provided your willing to deviate from Cajun cuisine).  Which is why you'll find so many locals sitting at the bar and chowing on their usual meals. 
For a taqueria, they have a fairly wide selection - enough variance to keep me from getting bored, as I eat here AT LEAST 3 times a week. The food is always fresh, killer ingredients, excellent selection of meats - my favorites being the 2 types of pork, Al Pastor and shredded carnitas. 
The quesadillas are my go-to-order now. Delicious, crisp tortilla all for about $7 bucks. The staff is super friendly and savvy with their burrito rolling skills. If you're feeling dangerous, try the Chimichanga - a deep-friend burrito topped with queso. 
The bar holds it's own, too.. Extensive taquilla selection and Mexican beers. And their homemade margaritas are the JAM.. In short, this place is where you should eat lunch in the French quarter if you dig on Mexican cuisine! 5 star place all day long.Nice variety, prepared upon order in a counter service format. More of a fast food type service. Basic bar seating environment. Good food. Not spiced when prepared but lots of options on the self service salsa bar.Good Mexican fast food made to order. The customer orders by walking through a serving line and making choices of menu item, style, meats, garnishes, etc. The line moves quickly and service is fast. Know what you want before it is your turn to order. Food is paid for at a cashier at the end of the line. Soft drinks and salsa bar are self serve.
The soft corn tacos with pork were very good. I would order this again.Had the worst service there,had to wait an hour and a half for 2 burritos so to make our services better my date and I walked out on those idiots....one star for the drinksthe food is delicious, very fast quality. i will definitely come again. I am in the car (not driving) but i can smell the food...yum. i have been to this place before and know i can't stop coming. Felipe's mexican taqueria is the best if you like Mexican Food go to  Felipe'sThis place was so amazing it even lowered my uber cost from $100 to $32. We requested an uber in the middle of the quarter close to midnight, a few blocks from Bourbon St & the surge was at 7x the normal rate. We decided to get some food & keep checking hoping it would go down in the meantime. I yelped requesting: open now with 1$ and sorted by most reviewed. Felipe's was at the top. I'm not sure if it was just the change of location or other factors, but when I rechecked uber, our price estimate had dropped to $32. 
The food was quite tasty & reasonably priced, plus the restaurant (including restrooms) was clean with plenty of seating. Basically this place is a French quarter miracle!I always come on Taco Tuesday. Perfect location. Super friendly staff. Fresh food and very inexpensive.Sub par at best.  Not to mention management did not help when the guys on the line were in the weeds.  Way to go management.I like the dining room in this location more than the S. Miro location.  There's more open space and it feels like a cafe instead of a cafeteria.  I appreciate the location and the windows for people-watching.  It's also not nearly as crowded as the S. Miro joint.  
I don't like that the menus are so high I get neck cramps trying to pick out what I want.  This is probably why I haven't been 100% satisfied with my food.  I also find the waiting line for this location to be less than ideal, as it is a little too close to some of the tables where people are eating.Great shrimp tacos!
Environment was a little chaotic because they had two lines and picking between the sides was annoying. Their drink specials were good but their sangria tasted stale and bitter.Felipe's has really good burritos.  We had the chicken  burrito.  Quick service, walk up to either side of counter,  order, and pay at the center of those counters.Very good, ordering is a little different, but the food was great! I'll be eating here next time I'm back to MSY.Felipe's is okay.  I have found over my numerous visits it can be hit or miss.  Sometimes I really enjoy the burrito, sometimes it leaves a bit to be desired.  The margaritas are made from a pre-made mix.  You can go right down the road to Gato Negro and get margaritas that are way better for a similar price.  If you want something similar to Moe's Southwest, Felipe's is okay.  However, there are other much better options in town.Most authentic and delicious mexican food in the city, hands down! This place is the bomb! I love Juan's, but Felipe's is superior in both quality and authenticity (it's also cheaper). I used to frequent the Felipe's in Boston (Harvard Square), and was surprised to find out that it is EXACTLY the same. Not sure why the owner opened 2 Felipe's in nola and one in Boston, but I'm loving it. Believe the hype, this place is the real deal. The other location is in the French Quarter.Do you want cheap Mexican food and yummy margaritas??  Look no further than this gem.  Located in the Quarter, this place is fantastic and wonderfully priced!
I usually get the Taco Salad with chicken and they also have great burritos.  I introduced my boyfriend to this place, and he liked it, too.  The frozen margaritas are the best.  A great place to just sit and watch the world go by, as you eat dinner.  It's nice if you want to eat downtown, but you don't want to be in the "thick" of the whole tourist thing.This place is awesome and SOOO REASONABLY PRICED, particularly given its location!
They are serving great Mexican food at very reasonable prices right in the middle of the French Quarter. Yes it is Mexican food not Cajun, but not everybody eats seafood and for those of us, this place is a blessing. 
Felipe has nice looking interiors, it is clean and has a bar where you can chill. I recommend you try this place, especially when you get a little hungry after all the partyinggg!!I do not typically write reviews but for Felipe's, I must because it is so GOOD.  Pretty cheap, at least by French Quarter standards. You really should go, words cannot explain. :)Ooooo baby! Felipe's after a sick show at the HoB or just in general is a great idea, every time! 
Felipe's isn't your typical Mexican restaurant. It reminds me of a subway ordering style, where you line up and tell the food prepper what you want on your burrito, taco, ect. It's the perfect complement to a drunken night on the town or just..well the perfect complement to any moment. If I had the cash, I would open one up on the Northshore.Excellent and inexpensive. Great bar downstairs and upstairs. Trust me. Check this place out!Came here not expecting much. You stand in line and order like at Chipotle. I ordered the chicken nachos, a tamale, and al pastor tacos. 
The food was awesome! Way better than I could've imaged. I got the nachos with both melted cheese and cheese sauce, and they were some of the best I have ever had!
The tacos were equally as good! They had a little salsa bar in the back where you could serve yourself as much salsa as your little heart pleased. 
The only thing I did not care for was the tamale, it had zero flavor whatsoever.
The horchata was authentic though and very refreshing. Overall, I really enjoyed this place!If you are looking for something different, something inexpensive, and something vegetarian, you can find it all here at Felipe's on N. Peters in New Orleans.  
They have a number of vegetarian options, but we went with the "Super Burrito" because it comes with beans and rice.  By the way, all beans and rice are vegetarian here, and that's not easy to find in this city.  So, you get a big, white tortilla and they throw in your choice of beans, a spoon of rice, top it with vegetables, and any other add-ins that you want.  Most of the add-ins are no extra charge, but, if you want guacamole, it will cost you $1.14.  This burrito is $6.50, or $7.65 if you get the guacamole.  
You have to order at the counter, but you can watch your food being prepared.  Then, you pay for it, and take it over to the hot sauce bar.  You can choose which sauce or sauces you want, (there are like six, and the "Havanero" is really hot!), and how much of each.  You can also had relish, pickled carrots, and fresh radishes.  Fix it up, and take it over to the bar for a beer.  Two people can have a healthy, nutritious lunch or dinner for a total of $22.50, including tip.  Try to beat that anywhere in New Orleans.  You just can't do it.  
The food is good, fresh, and tasty.  It kind of reminds me of Chipotle back home, but with slight variations.  It is a good deal.Delicious chicken tacos from Felipe's! Chicken was flavored perfectly and was tender. Lettuce, pico, and this delicious cilantro and onion addition we're all fresh and tasty. I also ordered a side of rice and the queso and chips. 
Atmosphere was wonderful and not too loud. There is a bar in which you can chose lots of different alcoholic beverages, but I wasn't feeling anything besides a fountain Diet Coke to go along with my meal.
The only negative is the lack of air conditioning. New Orleans in April vs July probably feels very different, but I was still warm and a little air would have been welcome.This place honestly was the worst. Staff was unfriendly and the food was cold and not good!! What a horrible experience. Will never go there again! Picture looked good tho ‍Yummmmm.. Delicious Mexican Food. Found this restaurant thanks to Yelp.  I had the burrito (wish I would've had the super burrito) with steak. Very tasteful and delicious. Dessert was a caramel flan that was to DIE FOR! Establishment very clean, staff very attendant of bussing tables & keeping salsa station stocked and clean. A nice stop with cool indoor AC. Looking forward to returning. Would recommend to friends.Food was ok.  Steak is fatty and full of gristle, and we were spitting it out.  The shredded chicken was ok but nothing great.  The one positive was the chicken tortilla soup.  One of the best I've tasted!  Unfortunately there was only one piece of chicken in it.  
The frozen margarita was terrible.  It tasted like cheap, bitter sweet-sour mix and very little cheap tequila.  I threw it away after forcing myself to drink 1/4 of it.  
I would go back for the soup but nothing else.Baja shrimp tacos were great and the prices were reasonable. Boisterous, casual atmosphere, good for a quick bite. The tortillas aren't anything special, but local seafood fillings make it worth trying. I will probably go back.I've eaten at Felipe's 15+ times as a French Quarter employee. I was originally planning on giving three stars, a decent score, but decided that we're lucky to have original food with fresh, healthy options in that spot. New Orleans has a relatively small Mexican population, and the majority of visitors to our city know only as far as Taco Bell. Still, can you imagine all the piss poor establishments you could have opened over there, on the hotel-side of the Quarter and they'd still be grossly successful? One thing I really like about Felipe's is that there are cheap options to fill you up. The quesadilla, for instance, is the size of a small burrito and can be piled high if you respect the guys rollin' up. The bar is decent, and the wait can occasionally be ridiculous, but I'm happy to have Felipe's, even if it pales in comparison to Mexican food in most of the country.Delicious! It's like a nicer more delicious Moe's, q'doba, or chipotle but still has good prices. Same ordering style (go up to the counter choose your food and toppings, etc.) but really so yummy. I can't attest to how "authentic" it is, but I don't care. It's good, the meat was flavorful and tender, the cheese in it was delightful. Salsa's from the self serve weren't my favorite but I had cheese dip with my chips and my burrito didn't need the salsa. The line was long at prime lunch time but moved quickly and I was able to get a table. I'm from out of town, sad we don't have one where I live.Food, Decor, and Service were all excellent. The location was fairly good (about 2 blocks away from Cafe Du Monde). The price is the best point about this place, all the food and drinks were very reasonable. They have a tiki hut on the second floor which was closed due to a private event. 
If you're in the area, definitely try it out!Good food. Great value. After dropping a significant amount of money on a dinner for my wife and four kids the night before at ACME, we were looking for something a little more friendly on the wallet. Felipes hit the spot. Pretty decent selection on the menu. Food seemed fresh.  Counter girl seemed put out to take our money though. Bar tender was very busy - almost overwhelmed but very polite and made a strong sangria. Would come again.... Likely tomorrow for the chorizo tacos.Went to a wedding rehearsal dinner here. Sarah was awesome and made up for lack of customer service from the bartender Michael. Great atmosphere.This place is great fast food. Don't get the horchata, though, it tastes like you just licked a cinnamon chalkboard.This place rocks!! Delicious tacos. The condiment bar is stocked with sweet onions various salsa and radishes. Price is right tooWe ate here for lunch based on the Yelp reviews.  My family was not disappointed.  The food is really good and ingredients fresh.  Very quick and friendly service and reasonable prices.If the menu on your door says you're open until 1am, and Yelp says you're open until 3am, why are you locking the door and mouthing "We're closed." at 11:07 pm on a Thursday night??Located in what was once a Hooters, the French Quarter Felipe's serves good food and drinks for reasonable prices.
It seems that their operation is very similar to an Izzo's, but with the addition of a full bar. Come in, get in the burrito assembly line, pick your meal, watch them make it, then sit and eat. You can also sit at the bar and order, which is what I recommend. That way your food is brought to you, and you can drink beer while you wait. 
On my one trip to this location, it was during French Quarter Festival. The bar area was packed with people, it was hot, and service was slow. It was so slow that I considered walking out. Once I got a seat at the bar, my mood improved significantly. Cheap Dos Equis draft combined with excellent people watching (muscle man eating nachos, actress from Treme, random creep taking photos of girls, etc.) made for a fun experience. In fact, it was one of the more fun places I went during FQF.
Next time I am in the Quarter and looking for cheap food, I will probably come here again. Until then, I will stick to the Uptown location.MEXICAN HEAVEN!!! Food was very delicious and staff was quick and very friendly. As an out of towner, it was so refreshing to taste quality Mexican food! I ordered the nachos with chorizo, refried beans, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and guacamole and it was all fresh and authentic! My friend ordered the burrito and inhaled it! 
We ordered the flan for dessert- also delicious! 
Overall really great Mexican food if you're in New Orleans. Definitely worth it!From a Texan very well versed in Mexican food or should I say Tex-Mex. This place has great tacos, baja tacos, chipotle onions, and pickled carrots. Jamaica, Horchata, and Limonada plus aquas frescas to quench your parched self. As a Latin I truly enjoyed the loud colorful atmosphere plus great Latin Musica infusing a completely delightful dining experience.I went with my boyfriend the portions are small and definitely is no good Mexican food I ate the beef tacos. and I think the tables were to dirty! Poor attentionI have been eating here for years. I recommend the quesadilla with the chicken rings but add queso on the inside. 
Caitlin is an awesome bartender.Amazing spot, a lil reasonably-priced refuge in the French Quarter -- where the prices can get pretty high.  I ate here a few times.  The burritos are great, and I def appreciated the variety, the setting, the sauces, and all the rest.   At there twice in 5 days (even w all the other great food around), and will def hit it up again when I'm back.I came in to New Orleans late from Austin at around 9 pm, and I was hungry and tired. I had checked into my hotel which is right on the edge of the French Quarter;  I had actually set out to find someplace else, yet hadn't found it yet, then, I saw the word, "taqueria",  out front; and I immediately honed in on it like Pavlov's Dawg.
Again, very typical around here, but "half-bar, half-restaurant." Definitely a fair share of 20-somethings eating and drinking.
You line up at the counter to tell the cook how you want your food made; you go to the cash register to throw them your cash, then you pick up the food at the same time.
Note that the assembly line dude barely spoke English, and I had to clearly enunciate and repeat myself a coupla times. The cashier girl was kind of edgy, not totally rude, but borderline.
I went with two tacos - one with carnitas filling - and one with al pastor filling. Both on double-layered corn tortillas. I asked for rice, cheese, and guacamole on both.
To digress, al pastor is like pineapple-marinated shredded pork, whereas carnitas is like stewed chunks of pork. Both are supposed to be slow cooked (but with different techniques).
The al pastor was dry, and I really don't think that it's supposed to be dry; the carnitas was good, and moist.
Don't forget, I'm a starvin' Marvin from not having eaten all day long, so In the meantime, I saw someone order a chicken burrito, and as the cook was slopping the chicken on the burrito, the chicken looked pretty good and wet, so I changed it up a bit and ordered a chicken quesadilla with rice (on the inside). 
The chicken was good, the rice was good, but for some reason, I wasn't lovin the flour tortilla - it tasted dry and flat and was super thin - and was most likely a stale store-bought tortilla. I guess that I'm too spoiled by my normal taqueria place at home, which has hand-made tortillas.
The bill was decent, and only came out to like $12 tax  included. I wouldn't choose to come here again.This place is good for run through food. Its not really a nice sit down area. I went after red dress run last year an luckily we had seats in the back. It was ok. But really just ok.Went here for Cinco de Mayo.  Wish I would have gone elsewhere.  By the time my date brought my nachos to the table just steps away from where it came out "hot n fresh" my cheese was hard as a rock.  Some of my chips were burnt on the edges... what's that about???  I ordered shrimp with it.  After I moved everything around I counted 5 small fried shrimp.  That does not fly in a seafood oriented town. The margarita was tasty I will give them that.Great food!  So many options to make your meal exactly how you want it. Even better, the prices are perfect. They're fair for what you're getting. 
Wednesday margarita special is also awesome. Only $3 for a glass, and they're pretty strong!I tried Felipes for the first time coming down to New Orleans for Mardi Gras this year! ( I used to live in New Orleans, but after hurricane Katrina happened, me and my family moved on out to NJ). My friend suggested coming here to have a taste of Mexico. It was AMAZINGGG. I have never been to Mexico, but this place fulfilled my craving. In NJ, there is probably one place that I have tried that was pretty good... but still not good enough for my tummy :[. The only thing that I could possibly say that sucks is that I live so so far and when I am craving Felipe's it is not that simple to take a flight down to N.O and have a chicken quesadilla!  Really cheap too! A chicken quesadilla is probably about 6 or 7 dollars. :DI can not say enough wonderful things about this place. We were recently on vacation and happened upon this place thanks to Yelp. We ended up going back a second time which I rarely do whilst vacationing. Some of the highlights include--anything with shrimp!--tacos, burrito both were amazing and the shrimp was lightly fried to perfection. The guac is amazing as were the chips, salsa, etc. 
The highlight was definitely the bar and bartender. Lauren was the BEST--super nice and makes a mean margarita :) The frozen mango marg or (tequila smoothie) as my friends and I called it was amazing. The top shelf on the rocks was also great. Lauren gave us recommendations on things to see and do whilst in NOLA and was one of the main reasons we went back the second day.
Thanks so much for a great experience!
JennThis is one of my favorite places to grab a taco, burrito or anything coming out of your speedo! (Do you remember that SNL skit?).
This place is usually packed, especially if there is an event going on in the quarter, but the line goes pretty quickly. Make sure you know what you want on your food or the other customers will start getting testy!Food was ok. Using unique ingredients with certain meats was a fail. For instance, cinnamon in the al pastor was different. To each his own. Line cooks were attentive with smiling faces. Just the cashier(Erin) had everyone feeling unwelcomed & rushed. Seemed like she was more concerned with how much tip i left her than completing our order.Pretty good food.  I got the corn tortilla chargrilled chicken tacos with guac, sour cream and lettuce with a side of black beans and a side of rice. The tacos and beans were good--nothing to write home about. The rice, on the other had, was amazing. The line was pretty long and took quite a while but other than that, no qualms. It was fairly priced and comfortable environment.
Also, I didn't get one but I saw the burritos and they are HUGE!amazingly authentic feel to the resturaunt i feel like im going to mexico itself to get my lunch or dinner. The Flan is to DIE for and only $2.51, yes it may be a small portion but anyone who is hispanic knows Flan is amazing :]One of the best fast casual mexican food places I have ever been. Good prices, if your ever in the new Orleans area this place is a definite must tryGot fish tacos with fresh pico de gallo. They were light and zesty on a hot day. The chips and salsa were good too. A good spot for a cheap lunch with fresh flavors.Fast and delicious! Never disappoints me when I'm craving quick mexican.The ambience here is exquisite--I actually feel like I'm at a cantina in Mexico, I don't feel that I'm at a Tex-Mex restaurant or like the others places that claim to be "authentic". 
The service is a full attendance--tables always clean, floors; spotless, bathroom, 80/20, and where the food is made, always being cleaned. Always!  
The food is delicious and fairly priced, and it gives your tastebuds a real authentic taste with the REAL MEXICAN choices on the menu. The bar kept up well and drinks are flavourful. 
This is a must come for actual authentic food--better than your average Mexican restaurant you have at your home.Taco Guererro across the street is soooo much better mexican.  Posole Thursdays and menudo Saturdays, good carnitas and sopas...Way better than Felipe's imitation  and expensive Mexican.
Felipe's has a great bar tho'Best Mexican food in New Orleans... 
Amazing margaritas... 
That's all you really need to know.
Just go try it for yourself.
When I used to live and work in the French Quarter I used to come here 2-3 times a week. Now that I live in Florida I am counting down until I can get my Felipe's fix again.Felipe's how I love you.  
The set up here is a subway style assembly line style.  Read board, order meal, add toppings, pay.  And the prices are pretty great for the portion size.  I always get the same thing.  Chicken tinga (oh yes) quesadilla with jalapenos and guac.  It never fails to satisfy.  And I can never finish the whole thing.  As far as the drinks go I have only tried the margs, but they do have a fancy cocktail menu.  The margaritas are made with fresh squeezed lime juice to order.  If you are in search of a GREAT margarita, you have to make your way to Felipe's.  Seating in the front part of the restaurant can fill up quickly during high traffic times, but there is additional seating toward the back.  I love you Felipe's!  Woohoo!Great place to eat. Fresh ingredients made to order. Everything has its own flavor. Perfect hidden gem!Came here for a super quick bite before a tour. Hubs and I both had two tacos (beware that the price indicated on the board is for the same two tacos, not different ones which we got so paid more for. 
To go was fast!! I was definitely impressed. The whole inside of the place is super clean, and staff were even cleaning as we were in there. 
Ordered the shrimp (Baja style) and carnitas. Hubs had shrimp and al pastor. They were all great, but the shrimp was definitely the stand out!! Salty but delicious!
Now, the one thing they could improve is their operations flow. If you look at where the toppings are compared to the meat, it's opposite to where it should be. If you put meat on first that should be first in line, not second. There was a lot of staff bumping into each other. Doesn't affect the tacos but it would make their job easier!
Board is sort of hard to read with the reflection of the lights but overall it's an easy to interpret menu and the food was fast but great. Would come back here!Really liked this place they have great tortilla soup and the tamale was really good loved their sauce.Amazing.  Just like the one Cambridge.  This place has great burritos, salsa bar, friendly staff, clear prices and lots of seating.  The quesadillas are great.Definitely a place that I need to try once more in order to believe that I have a thorough idea of how good it actually is. So far I think it's fresh moderately priced food. I ordered two fried shrimp baja tacos ($5.75). I didn't know that the shrimp was going to be deep fried with batter, I thought it would be fried in a pan (probably should have presumed that since it IS New Orleans LOL my mistake). TBH I'm not a fan of breaded deep fried things. I carried on ordering it as a combo ($2.50) which includes a drink, 2oz of chips + your choice of dip (salsa, queso, or guacamole) and added a churro ($1.75) because I honestly thought I could finish all of it. Boy was I wrong.
 Anyways, i got a little bit of everything from the condiment bar (salsa verde, rojo sauce (I think), habanero salsa (my favorite, ended up taking some home), jalapenos, sliced radishes, pickled carrots, pickled cabbage, and maybe some others that I'm forgetting). I tried the vegetables by themselves to see if they would be right for my tacos and they're all great but the pickled cabbage would have been a nice addition. 
I put all of the different salsas on the chips to try them. The queso they serve is the bomb-diggity like I feel as if I've been lied to my entire life by those dips at the store.
The actual corn tortilla shrimp baja tacos: While I'm not a fan of breaded deep fried shellfish I will admit that the breading was well seasoned and crunchy! The sauce they put on top was a bit...bland. I was glad to have smuggled a lot of habanero salsa to make up for the lack of flavor. To their merit, the tacos were stuffed for the GAWDS lol.
After halfway chugging down one taco I was already full but I ordered a cream churro. The churro is the most authentic and delicious churro I've had on this side of the border and my friend loved the half that I gave him since I was trying to just finish it up (He also let me know that at the location near his house they give you two churros instead of just one). Ended up bringing one taco home.
Whole meal cost me 10 dollars, not bad considering the amount of food that I got. I will definitely be back and update this review once I try something different without fried shrimp.  The place has a lot of seating and when we came in it looked like they had a drink special, 4$ margaritas (I'll be sure to try 1 or 5 next time depending on what time of the day it is lol). The employees were friendly and helpful in explaining the ordering process. The place itself is clean and they play spanish music for that authentic feel.3 times in a week. ( But that can possibly have something to do with location, as I work 3  blocks away, and they deliver.) Nothing mindblowing, but nothing wrong about it either. It gets it done, like ordering chinese takeout, it is what it is. By the numbers Tex Mex.This place was FANTASTIC! We had Rory as our waiter and he was the cherry on top of the experience. Super kind, excellent service and FAST. the fried oyster platter was phenomenal. I'd also highly recommend blacked shrimp and sweet potatoe fries. You can't go wrong with anything here really.Baja Tacos are delicious they have a punch of flavor.  Yum! The quac, chips and beans, rice no flavor however I am Latin and we needs lots of flavor.  Ambiance very casual great bar for lounging.The fam was looking for non-seafood near the french quarter, and somehow ended up walking the near 15 minutes here. We must have looked confused when we walked in, but a helpful staff member told us what to do. Go up and order what you want, and they'll make it for you on the spot. 
I got a quesadilla, which basically means they slab some cheese on a tortilla and put in the oven to melt it. Then they take it out, open it up, and you choose what you want to put on it: veggies, guacamole, rice, anything your heart desires. Then they close it up and bon appetit. But since they don't rewarm it after you add your items to it, everything tastes mildly warm...not the nice, hot meal one would normally hope for after walking the distance from the heart of the french quarter to find this place. 
The atmosphere was lively and food was cheap. The workers looked extremely rushed. The place was busy, and I barely had time to think about my order. Before I knew it, it was time to pay.This place is worse than Izzo's illegal Burrito. You would think by the reviews and the line my party was waiting in, that we were destined for some good Mexican food.
Go to Juan's Flying Burrito. It cost less, you get more food, the staff is friendlier and the food is decent.I used to think Chipotle was the best place to get quick, relatively healthy Mexican food. I have this place to blame for ruining Chipotle for me by being so good that Chipotle (or most places) pale in comparison. 
The food tastes fresh, and the quality and flavours elevate the ingredients. I had the veggie burrito and my friend had the Tinga chicken, both of which were delicious and left me wanting to come back. The hot sauces and other add ons make everything even more wonderful, this place is pretty authentic and definitely worth a visit. 
It's also conveniently located in the French quarter, walking distance from much of the nightlife of New Orleans. Load up here before you head out on a night (or day) of drinking, you won't regret it.Great little find in the French Corner! Fresh delicious food! 
Had chicken taquitos- pretty good!
Shrimp Baja tacos were superb! So good- my husband went and got another order. The sauce on them was fantastic!
Chicken tacos- tinga and grilled! 
Both were very fresh!!!! Great quick and inexpensive spot with delicious offerings!Great place to get something if you are tired of Cajun cuisine. Service was good. Helpful staff and very fast.I have to give this one a rating below juans because their food was kind of bland and I did not like any of there salsas. The chicken is dry and everything else is greasy. The price is cheaper than juans but you are sacrificing taste. The best thing is the pico de gallo. But when all else is closed this is a great option.Awesome casual and fast place. Highly recommend this place for something a little different from the rest of the food options in the area. Queso ROCKS. Tinga chicken is just spicy enoughFood was good. You can get a 40oz tecate for less than $5! Great salsa. If you get tired of the new Orleans style food, try this place. It's casual, and inexpensive.I finally went! So many people have talked about Felipe's and we have not been more disappointed in quite some time. Knowing this was more of a quick grab and sit place, we thought we would start our evening with some good Mexican food and enjoy the bar. After waiting in line to order, I was rushed through my order with lineman who was very impatient and one of the more uninviting people I have met in awhile. Struck it up to a bad day, took my food, and headed to the bar where my wife was sitting. I will only say, there was zero eye contact and we had to work to get one drink.
Food- It was good, fresh and I can see the value in the price.
Staff-poor, and not great service on this visit.
Location-Convenient and easy to get to.
Cleanliness- Borderline
Would I come back? If I wanted a quick grab and go, yes, but nothing more, nor would I recommend. Too many other choices out there.
After this review, both the owner and operations manager immediately reached out to me and ensured me that they would address. Great to see and I will be giving them another try and update my review!The margaritas on the rocks were amazing! The bar we definitely killin it when we went for lunch. The food was decent. You order and customize ala subway or chipotle. I got a veggie burrito. The temperatures seemed a little off..some hot, some cold, some in between.This was probably the worst service I've ever had.  The bartender literally whistled at us, from 5 feet away, to come and grab the utensils he didn't bring when he brought our food.  That we'd ordered at the bar.  That were nachos with barely melted *swiss* cheese on them.  We'd ordered guacamole , that wasn't brought to us, and when I walked up to the bar to request it, he walked back and then handed it to his "sister" who was a customer to bring ito us.  Fuck this place.  I hate writing bad reviews.  But this place was honestly terribleIt's cheap, but great. Margueritas are strong. Burritos are amazing. It's hard to find good Mexican in NOLA, but this place has it. Love it!I was once the Duchess of Felipe's. Alas, now I am but a regular, although that should tell you that I am in here enough to give a solid review. 
Felipe's is fast and conveniently located. Their food is consistently good and there is nothing pre-fab about it. They regularly swap out the food on their assembly line to assure freshness, even if what they are replacing still looks perfectly fine. They cook everything right there in front of you in an open kitchen. The line to order moves quickly and the guys taking your order are very no-nonsense. Don't feel intimidated and don't feel embarrassed to ask questions or make a special request regarding your order. Every time I've had a bit of a wacky addendum to their typical menu fare, they have been nothing but accommodating. I usually order the Plato with chicken tinga (to die for) and never skimp on the guac, sour cream, pico and cilantro even though the sauces are a bit extra. There is enough food for two meals and it is all under $10!! Oh yeah, did I mention how CHEAP it is to eat here?
Their bar is cheap as well and they have a surprising amount of house-made syrups and other drink concoctions. They have a weeknight special on their delicious margaritas that makes it far too easy to overindulge, although I'm not complaining. 
Felipe's, I love you.The place is pretty basic Mexican food, but reasonably tasty and VERY reasonably priced! I'm a fan of the fish taco's in particular (three of them fill you up and are only $7.50 out the door). It can back up though, so I suggest that you give yourself time if you decide to indulge because the wait can sometimes be a little discouraging.Of all the restaurants I have eaten at in New Orleans this has been the best one. Even though it is a "fast food" kind of place the food tastes home made. I ordered the quesadilla and it was absolutely delicious. They make it in a way that the cheese is almost toasted and you can add any meat and toppings you like. Definitely recommended. Hot sauce bar is great too!I would give them 0 stars but that isn't available. Allow me to state that I was not aware that the Chimmychunga was extra but that is fine so on to the embarrassing moment I had at this unprofessional establishment. The burrito maker had to redo my burrito which was perfectly fine with me being that I'm a manager at a restaurant as well so I understand. I asked for two cups for courtesy and the cashier politely gave them to me. I walked to the drink station to get some drinks. The sizes of the cups are literally .25 frozen cups sizes. The manager walked by and turned around and asked me did they charge me for the drinks. I told him no and I was not aware that it is not free. He stood there and watched me pour out the drinks into the drink catcher. I was extremely embarrassed that I just said fine I'll pour water in the cups. FYI that is not how a true manager with years of experience would have handled that situation. I am available to train him since apparently he lacks customer service skills. I will never return to this establishment!WOW!  Talk about a STRONG drink!! The bartender definitely has a heavy hand...which could be a good thing or a bad thing. So, yes, obviously, I like the bar here...hahah, but the food is really good too and very reasonably priced.  Guacamole is pretty awesome....and so are the tamales.  The set-up is kind of like a Chipotle or Qdoba chainMy coworker and I came here for a quick lunch after sales calls in the quarter and DAMN, it was muy muy MUY bien! Super cheap, quick moving line, and everything was very fresh.
I ordered the Plato, which apparently I had no idea what it was other than the sides (beans and rice), because when I started to order, the guy behind the counter looked at me like I was a nut, and rightfully so. Once he figured out that I wanted 2 meats even though the Plato only comes with 1, he very kindly served me a split order of the al pastor and the chicken. LORD IN HEAVEN. That al pastor is the best that I've EVER had. It was citrusy and garlicky and beyond juicy and when combined with the awe-inspiring goodies from the salsa bar, mainly the cilantro onion topping, I needed a moment to compose myself. AFTER EVERY BITE. Then I had the chicken, which was not quite the best I've ever had because honestly, I've had a ton of chicken and I can't even remotely remember all of it, BUT it was pretty legendary and equally juicy. My coworker got the nachos because of the plate envy she experienced when the guy in front of me walked by with his, but she couldn't stop raving about it. I have to say, those nachos were a vision with the toppings and the chips and the cheese, and I will quite possibly be getting that next time. 
Unfortunately, we were working so cocktails were not allowed but I'll be back at some point to hit up the bar side as the margaritas and caipirainhas looked like alcohol perfection.When you finally get sick of fried foods, gravies, sauces, and more gravies... GO HERE! Very delicious food. Large portions; light crispy tortilla chips. Nice clean establishment.Great food, great spot, great prices.  My husband and I each had two tacos...steak and shrimp and both were delicious.  The chips and guac were also good.  Could have used a bit more of the guac.Good, cheap Mexican (ehm, "Mexican") food. 
I always get the Taco Salad (wink, Marielle S.). My choice of meat is Carnitas (slow-cooked pulled pork) and Al Pastor (caramelized pork marinated in pineapple/onion/guajillo sauce). It's tasty, fast, and healthy. 
I do ask for the cilantro-lime vinaigrette and it always throws the staff off. It's funny. At least the cashiers think so, because they keep it by the register and not on the assembly line. 
I've had the salty rita on the rocks and it was strong and fresh. 
I can't find anything negative here! They keep it clean here. I'll take Felipe's over Juan's anytime!Food was bland and they overcharged me significantly from the prices listed on the menu. Felt cheated and unsatisfied- would not recommend to those looking for authentic Mexican foodNice atmosphere. Afforable. Killer margaritas. Horchata. 
NOT like Chipotle, because that place is owned by McDonalds, and over manufactured. Everything is fresh, in-house, and good for the price!A bit overrated IMHO.  Decent food and cheap but not really that great.We came to Felipe's for a last minute meal on a sunday night and we were not disappointed-food wise... The service on the other hand is questionable. I got the pork flautas and my husband got the steak burrito. The pork flautas were flavorful and greasy. I didn't mind the grease but my husband was not a fan.  The pico was amazing and on point. It was seasoned just right and was extremely fresh. The rice was less than ok, it was blan and could have used some more seasoning. The queso and chips were good. The queso was as good as good as it was gonna get, considering were showed up about 45mins to closing and only a handful of people in the restaurant. The chips were a bit stale. The reason I am only giving the review a 3 out of 5 stars was because the service that we recieved was disappointing. It seemed that the workers were annoyed that we ordering and seemed as if we were a burden. The cashier was rude and was on her phone texting and the line cooks seemed as if they were ready to close the line. The food was good but the service could have been wayyy better.Came here when I couldn't take any more rich traditional New Orleans food.  Got a grilled chicken taco salad with pinto beans that totally hit the spot.  It's cheap, good quality fresh ingredients, and casual and easy. It's like a much better Taco del Mar or Chipotle.Shawn is the bartender. He is always ready to put a smile on your face. He runs the bar. He has a new side kick. Edward. He's seriously the icing on the cake. Everybody is happy. Everybody is taken care of. Best margaritas in town. Best Felipe's in town. Midcity is where it's at.It's a fun and friendly place with average bar service. The tacos and salsa/guacamole with chips very deliciousFinding good food at reasonable prices in the French Quarter can be tricky...finding amazing food at great prices is even harder but Felipe's makes it happen! My friend told me about this spot and now I go there every time I am in Nola. The nachos are AMAZING and there are always great deals for happy hour! Definitely worth a visit!This place was perfect for us! With my husband being vegetarian, sometimes it was difficult to find a good place to eat in NO. Also, sometimes we just didn't want to drop a ton of money on one meal eating in the French Quarter. So Felipe's fit the bill. Excellent Mexican food at a reasonable price. Beer and margaritas were perfect. And when we were here in August, we watched some pre-season football on the TV. All in all, it was a win here at Felipe's!A decent place to get a burrito, quesadilla or taco in New Orleans, especially when I am missing the taco trucks back in the Bay Area.  The ingredients are fresh, and very reasonably priced...especially if you get a combo meal which includes a drink and chips with your choice of salsa, queso or guacamole.  They also carry Mexican sodas and beers.  Parking is a pain in the French Quarter, but they do have a location Uptown with parking.Taking two stars off for bad attitude and snarky comments from waitress about my dietary needs. Last night a short heavyset young lady who was getting off of work around midnight let us know the bar menu was limited late night. I was trying to see a menu but they don't have one, she asked what I want, I asked what do they have without animal products. She jumped to "What do you eat?" I told here plant based only.. What do you have? Thinking it might be easier to see a menu. This back and forth is frustrating for me already and then she adds "I eat food." several times. We all eat food but if you are going to put me down for the type of food I eat then you are out of line. I don't know why or where she is going with this, but she offered me something with cheese I said no that's from a cow. I think she said something like what's wrong with that or "I eat food." again comment. Not sure how this spun out of control but I don't care what she eats, I just want to find out what they have that is vegan so I can make this as easy as possible. She said something snarky again to me. I said sorry I don't want to talk about it but she can watch Earthlings to see what I'm talking about the abuse of cows. I proceed to the bartender who again has no menu by that point we decided it was best to leave. I don't come there to preach and I don't want to be preached too. I come there to eat and have a good time.  
I took another two stars off because they served guacamole with sour cream in my burritos  after I specifically said no dairy. For some people this is an ethical issue and others it's a medical necessity for those who are lactose intolerant. Either way, it's just too much trouble and if you have concerns about what you eat, this might not be the place for you considering the staff are not trained to accommodate special diets AND they are ignorant and lie. 
I don't feel like being treated like 2nd class for something so benign. 
Plenty of other places that are very knowledgeable, kind and serve late night nearby. I was treated by a friendly staff just down the street that night that took great care to make sure I was happy with the food.Loved the tinga chicken but I wish they would give more. It's about half as much of the ingredients chipotle would give. The cheese is an extra $1 and you only get 1/4 of a cup,Love this place for a quick bite and string margaritas. Their tacos are pretty yummy and i really liked how many salsa options there were and all the people working there were nice even when it was extremely busy.If you're looking for good, cheap Mexican food or just good, cheap food in the quarter, this is your place. I'm here for a few days and not wanting to go broke eating out. I found this place last night, and I've already been here twice. 
Tinga chicken is good (a plate w/beans and rice is $6). Steak tacos are also good. And they have a full bar.It was ok.  And here's why:  The food itself was decently seasoned and the green sauce was delish on my burrito.  I was pleased, but then I got to the end of the burrito and had 3 bites IN A ROW with chicken bone and/or gristle in them.  Not cool.  It ruined the mood, honestly.  I would give this place another chance, but if the outcome was the same that'd be the last time.The burritos are small but good. They rush you through the line without telling you that you paid extra for "add-on's" that you thought came with the meal like it said on the menu. The flautas were taquitos!!! What's up with that?? The bartender went right past us & went to serve somebody that came after us until I had to say something to get her attention about passing us up. The crew is rude, especially the ones who are putting the food together. STAY AWAY!!!This is the first Felipe's I ever went to after Hooter's shut down and they opened up. It was in the right spot, had the right food and the right prices. Still a damn good place.
They're usually a little crowded, though. I've been there right as they opened and immediately there was a line. But it's worth it. Before Felipe's, I had never been to a "build your own burrito" place, and I really liked it. I've had their tamales and they're good too, but the burrito here is always good with fresh and delicious ingredients.I've heard great things about this place. But no one warned me it wasn't a sit down restaurant. I stood there staring at the menu board for about 15 minutes before I decided on tacos .. 
The food was decent for it being so cheap!! $1.85 for tacos with endless toppings. 2 tacos with everything I wanted on it, a pork tamale (which was very disappointingly dry) a taco plate, and 2 margaritas for $20. You really can't beat the price but the food wasn't the greatest.Felipe's is the best quality and least expensive food option in the French Quarter and surrounding areas. The price has gone up a bit since I last dined there over a year ago, but it's still afforable. A fish taco used to be $1.60 and now it is $2.50. I got a fish taco and a shrimp taco, both come dressed with a spicy creamy sauce and a type of slaw mix with cilantro and I think, pico de gallo.
I also added the chips, queso and drink combo for another $2.50. However I asked if I could upgrade my drink to the limeade, and she charged me another $2.50, I didn't get a "credit" for the drink that comes with the combo. Still, my two tacos, chips, queso, and drink came to $10 plus tax. 
My friend had the vegetarian burrito and was very satisfied. Felipe's is a great choice when you want something quick, cheap and casual.I like Felipe's. The food is yummy, the service is consistent and I look forward to eating here.
I hate the ordering system. I hate standing in a big long line feeling my anxiety level increase as the tables start to fill up, and I worry I may never get a seat! The horror!  
Usually the lines aren't too long and there are plenty of seats. I really like the atmosphere. It is a busy bustling little place, noisy and thrumming with excitement and tempered with the relaxation of good food and good company. 
 Essentially it is a short little counter restaurant with a menu and  ingredients in pans behind glass for your review similar to a subway. 
If you come here, bring a buddy so they can grab the table while you order. Unless you have never been before, then you will need to stand in line to look at the food to pick what you want. 
My favorite is the tamales. Just thinking about them makes my mouth water. I love them the way they come, but if you add some of the onions off of the little self serve bar, it will knock your socks off.  The tacos! Oh. My. Gosh. SO GOOD!
There is nothing like a stroll in New Orleans with a stop at Felipe's. No matter the temperature outside, it is always comfy inside of Felipe's. I recommend trying one of their frozen drinks at the bar.Yes!!!!! Finally some Mexican tacos! I mean seriously as close to authentic Mexican tacos I've tried in New Orleans. I was so happy when the waitress asked me if I just wanted onion and cilantro on my tacos and nothing else, because lettuce, cheese, and tomatoes do NOT belong on tacos! We had the asada, al pastor, and carnitas and NONE of them disappointed. The salsas. Oh my sweet Mexican baby Haysoos! The salsas were delicious and they put them ON THE TACOS like how they're supposed to! All of them are delicious! I had a margarita and their queso and chips and those were delicious as well. As a Mexican, this made me feel close to home!!!The best mexican restaurant in New Orleans, everything is fresh and great pricescafeteria style line and you have to pay for a tiny cup of salsa, pay for a brown bag of chips, and pay for a little cup of queso sauce, me thinks never again.......also smallest soft taco i have ever had......I love Felipe's! I'm not sure if it's actually for the food as much as for the combination of drink, food, and relaxing atmosphere. Felipe's became the go-to spot for my co-workers and I after long days at work (particularly Mondays and Tuesdays). I always order the nachos with the beef fajita meat and guac. They are the biggest and cheesiest nachos I think I've ever had, not to mention pretty inexpensive. They are tasty and full of unhealthy goodness. I usually have sangria or a marg, which are run of the mill but hit the spot. Felipe's is a great place to unwind and enjoy cheap food and good drinks.Love it. Working in the Quarter it is my go-to place for good food and good prices.  Love that I can get my dish the way I want it.very inexpensive dinner or lunch option for locals and visitors alike.  
decent food, great selection, fast service.  
walk up and order.  
or
you can sit at the bar and get your food brought to you. 
street parking can be difficult.  better to bike or walk if that is possible.Four stars for quick, fresh, cheap, fairly tasty food that's kid friendly in the Quarter.
Points off for not having a vegetarian protein. You can get grilled vegetables, thank you. But some tofu would be good too.
However, the sign said the shrimp is from the gulf, so they get bonus points for that too.Felipe Navidad! I don't think that makes sense but I am saying it anyway. It's my Yelp review. I can say what I want to!
My barber suggested to me that a business can pay Yelp money and they will let them remove unfavorable reviews. I don't know if that's true or not but the guy does a good job cutting my hair so I wasn't going to get into it with him.
Point being, I hope Felipe is a cheapskate and he doesn't try to get rid of this review. Actually, why would he? For starters, I am guessing Felipe isn't a real guy. And this is a four star review. So the man or woman behind the man that is named Felipe should be okay with that.
Oh yeah, they serve food here. It's really good. The margaritas at the bar are made from fresh ingredients, right in front of you. Unless you are turned around backwards at the bar. Then it is made right behind you.
I hate it when people say "made from scratch". That is an unpleasant visual. I do not want anything that involved scratching as an ingredient.
The bathroom signs are in Spanish. Good luck, gringos.
PS the tamales are just OK. I wouldn't bother with them. And the chicken tinga is dope. That's two PS's for the price of one. Actually this was all free. You're welcome.Felipes changed the cheese formula for the queso blanco. It was more yellow and not as good.The best Mexican food in New Orleans. I ate there 3 days in a row because it was so Good!Wonderful Mexican?/Cuban? whatever it is.  We are from South Texas so are used to a lot of Mexican/Tex-Mex combinations.
Very reasonable priced, the line to order and pay was a little slow but they make everything while you watch.
A bit of an assembly line but as busy as it was, nothing sits for long so at least it is fresh.  
We had the nachos with pork, 3 tacos (shrimp, fish, and the spicy chicken), and a cup of tortilla soup.  All for under $20!  Add a margarita and a beer for another $10 and it was a very reasonable, delicious meal.
The place was full and so were we before we could finish it all.  The food is plentiful and the price is right!Food was good not great. Nothing to compare it to in New Orleans but if I compare it to Chicago Mexican food -- it's ok in my opinion. Service was pretty rude. No direction given to new people that are constantly coming into this location. Bathrooms clean compared to all the other bathrooms in the French quarter.Monday night, 8pm.
The bartender was talking smack about the kitchen to her upset customers as my friend and I walked in. We could see the open kitchen, which was not an ideal concept. I saw hands in pants, a worker on a prep table cleaning the ceiling, head scratching, sneezing, and gross teasing between employees.
The flautas were cold, like they were fried off earlier and reheated in a microwave or under a heat lamp. I wanted nothing to do with my food. The music also stopped playing for about twenty or thirty minutes...it was a weird silence that gave the place more of a cafeteria feel.This place has good food and a good atmosphere. Employees are polite and courteous. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a Mexican restaurant for lunch/dinner at a reasonable price without sitting down. Overall, it's a great place!Food was good, however prices are pretty high for what you get. They were going to charge me $5 for guacamole on 3 tacos which is a bit crazy considering the small amount they put on.We were in search of late night dinner from being at a concert and we came here on the recommendation of fellow "Yelp-ers"! They are super fast, and everything tasted awesome! and it was open after midnight! They have a full bar away from the kitchen which was nice. Honestly they have the BEST tamales that i've had in a long time, they were huge and so good!Awesome food! Super fast, cheap, and delicious! Big portions and terrific value. Great salsa bar. Can't wait to eat here again - will definitely try the margaritas next time!First place my family and I ate at in NOLA and it did not disappoint! The ingredients are fresh and delicious! I had the Felipe's Special..Chips, guacamole, salsa and queso. All made fresh daily! My boys had the cheese quesadillas and loved them. My husband had the nachos with beans, rice and queso and said it was really good. We are only in town for a few days but I'm sure we'll be back! Best of all, with drinks it was only $30!I eat/order food from here at least once a week. Their queso dip is crack in a cup, and their burritos and nachos are amazing. I also LOVE the fact you can customize anything to your liking, because it's made right in front of you.I'm here for the third time and I always try to use Yelp to explore new places. 
I was so excited to read positive reviews about this place....the excitement ended after the first bite. 
Wait. Let me go back...this is a fancier/with a bar chipotle or qdoba. Not what I expected. 
The sizes are small, the food is mediocre and the customer service doesn't exist. 
Nothing positive except the booze looked good.Hard to screw up mexican food, but these guys have got it going on.  Made a stop for lunch and was so satisfied I stopped back the following evening for a late night snack.  Excellent quality food for the priceAsked for guacamole, got half an avocado.  (No Joke.)  Just go to Chipotle in Harahan where they can at least understand the difference.  (PS-The bartenders don't card here, so if you're underage and want booze, have fun!)No, this isn't what I expected - It was my second attempt after I went there on Christmas and they were closed - We only went again because it was highly recommended but it's nothing close to what everyone says...
First off, there's total confusion and chaos when it comes to ordering - there's very little room to navigate in between chairs and get in a "Queue" to place your order.. Then, there ordering system is super confusing - Basically it's pretty much the same as Chipotle, except it's super confusing - 
Anyways, the server got our order wrong (nothing major, she just thought we were ordering two of the same thing and we weren't) and then, almost everything we asked for on our burrito happened to be extra price... $1.25 for a small extra spoonful of guacamole was a rip-off, in my opinion...
I asked for Crispy Tacos, and she asks me how many did I want - I thought if a portion is pre determined, there would be a set number, but no, it's all too confusing.. they wouldn't put beans or veggies, as they're all extra price... the meat (main ingredient) was not enough to justify the price of the base dish anyways.. 
They do not have paper napkins near their condiments/drink stands - you have to go back to the register, stand in a queue to request more napkins, which is insane...
They only sell fountain soda (no cans or bottles), and while the cups are all branded coke zero, the actual fountain doesn't have coke zero - it only has diet coke - explain that?
Overall, disappointing experience - No wonder Chipotle Mexican Grill has turned out to be a multi-billion dollar corporation while these guys are getting buried under their own idiosyncrasies....
If/When Chipotle comes to town, Felipe's going to have to run!I am actually embarrassed as to how much time I spend in this place. I loovveee Felipe's. The food is excellent and the service is phenominial. The bartender, Katie is my favorite but they are all good. The Queso con Carne is amazing, so good, its unreal. The margaritas and red sangria's are all I drink when I come here which are excellent but they do have other items on their drink menu that are excellent. I think the biggest thing for me is how fresh the food is, can't find too many chains like this now days. Everything is fresh, down to the lime juice used to make the Margarita. Def. check them outGood vibe and food. Best things are the margaritas. I don't know if it is a coincidence or what but both the times we ate there one person from our group got sickFelipe's is a cheap, bog-standard taqueria, which is a good thing. Meats are fresh and tasty, portions are generous, and everything is pretty inexpensive. This is a really good thing in the French Quarter, where it can be tough to find a meal for two for under $30. You can feed two people for half that or less at Felipe's, and although it's not Louisiana fare, it's still pretty tasty.
I liked my carnitas burrito (super, with everything) quite a lot, my husband found his stuff (fish tostada, pork tamale) to be just passable. But this is my review, so there.
There's also a full bar with big screen TVs, if you're into that sort of thing.Awesome food, Vegetarian Paradise in NoLA n French Quarter .... the Taco Salad and the Chimichanga Burrito topped with Quest Dip sauce are to die for ..... my wife loved it so much that we visited it twice on our vacation .... I tried the Tacos as well .... pretty stellar .... nice place to lunch or dine .... quick n easy , well priced and tasty meal. The servers and staff are super nice and keep the place really clean ...: kudos to all the folks who run this establishment.... SaluThe food is bland and the cooks and cashiesr are not very friendly. 
I would suggest Juan's Flying Burrito over Felipe's Taqueria. The food and service at Juan's is much better.My dad and I ate here twice while we were in New Orleans. We aren't big fans of seafood or traditional Cajun/Creole cuisine, so we decided to check out some chains, like this one. Both nights we went, it was pretty busy, but the wait was decent and there were lots of tables inside. The food is not super cheap, but you get a lot for what you pay for so it's worth it.
Seriously, this food was amazing! The first time I ordered nachos and the second time I ordered tacos, both of which were unbelievably delicious. There were lots of choices as far as meat and toppings go, so take your pick. I thought the guacamole was also really good, considering I'm picky when it comes to Mexican restaurants.
From where I live, I would compare Felipe's to Chipotle, Cafe Rio, and Roberto's, but Felipe's definitely takes the crown. Oh, how I wish that Felipe's would open a restaurant in Las Vegas, Nevada!It's a small mom and pop Mexican resteraunt. It's margaritas are amazing! A little on the small side. But the food is def. on point. Their plates are so big you have no problem sharing! Chips and salsa with queso is also good! Love this place when it's not busy!!!Food was great, but service at the bar lacking. Bartender was more interested in chatting than taking our drink order.This was awesome! The bar tender was great! Hand crafted Margarita's starting with fresh squeezed met limesMy second time in New Orleans I made sure to come back to Felipe's. This is some of the best Mexican food I have ever eaten from a restaurant. It is also very affordable. This is a perfect place to stop and grab a quick bite for lunch when you are in the area.Cheap, fast and good food! Great for a late night snack on the weekends especially. Their margaritas were abnormally strong, might as well have given me a glass of tequila. There is also a secret bar hidden upstairs with very unique drinks.I went here because it was open till late and I am a vegetarian so it becomes difficult to find vegetarian food  late in the night. The food tasted average but you can't complain because it is averagely priced, but it got me sick and hence 1 star.Come here a couple of times a week because their chimichanga is simply that amazing.  You can have any of the items on the menu dressed to your liking. Keep in mind, adding guacamole costs extra. They also have Mexican Coca Cola, along with other authentic beverages, although they tend to sell out quite often. 
Coming in on a busy day can make it difficult to find a table. However, they have an area in the back with additional tables that tend to be readily available. You can always sit at the bar as well!Decided to have a quick bite in the afternoon. Found this place and it was perfect. Two corn tacos with pork carnitas, chips, and queso set me back about $10. The pork was tender and juicy with the crusty yummy fried bits on the outside. They have a bar with weekday drinks specials so I grabbed a beer. Perfect way to relax.This is sooo good !! We came here right before leaving New Orleans and it is just quick and great taste . I had a quesadilla with al pastor it was so yummy . My bf had the 3 tacos two carnitas and one beef also very delicious . A must try is the quest con carne . Yummy I almost took some home !! Good stop and food is quick and affordableYou walk in and it looks like a chipotle. It's soooo much better than that. The meat was so fresh and flavorful.They had people constantly cooking, cleaning and taking orders.Where would I be without you Felipe's? Well, probably in the same place but without yummy cheesy goodness that I tend to go overboard on when I have enjoyed the French Quarter too much. This is not rocket science folks. This is not a fine dining establishment. This is pretty close to fast food but trust me that you should bring your butt over here and drop the $5 you almost dropped at a place like Krystal burger or God forbid on a Lucky Dog vendor (my love of Ignatius Reilly aside). Is this the most authentic Mexican food you will ever have, no, but it is cheap, fast, and one of the best deals in the Quarter. They are open late Wed-Sat to accommodate those of us who need some food after visitors have kept us out past our bedtimes. They have an extensive menu including nachos, quesadillas, tacos, and burritos. They have several different types of meat, veggies, and toppings. This place makes me miss my Qdoba days less and less. It can get crowded during the day on the weekends or whenever the population of the Quarter swells, so plan accordingly.I love Felipe's.  The food actually is authentic.  All the people who say otherwise don't realize that there are different regions in Mexico.  All Mexican food is not Tex Mex.  Well, the chimichangas and quesadillas are Americanized for sure, but come for the tacos, the soup, the salsa bar, and the meat and you'll get the real deal.  
But what I really am impressed at is the bar!  I love ordering Pisco Sours to see if a bartender knows his stuff, and this place makes 'em as good as in Peru.  Seriously.  So I was sold and I let the bartender make some drink recommendations.  The guy really knew his stuff, and since it was slow, we sat and talked about the history of Pisco and cachaça forever.  He turned me on to the Pisco Punch, which he says he's read books (plural!) about.  And I have to say it seems to have paid off.  Get this drink!  They make all of their own stuff - no store-bought mixes in the building.  This is a bar for drink nerds and being in such an unlikely place, I feel like I found a hidden treasure.Great place! Good prices great food and good atmosphere.  We sat outside in the back courtyard. Wonderful!!Good for a quick eat.
It's cheap and the exact same as the uptown version off Claiborn.  I also heard that they are going to start being open until 2am.  Food is general Mexican burritos, tacos, quesidillas, etc....  Price is good and they have some nice drink specials throughout the week.The food was ok. I had to chicken tacos with cheese, guacamole, onions and cilantro. Everything taste ok until the guacamole. It had a strange taste, like maybe it was packaged and not made fresh from avocados.On Guy Fieri's recommendation we wandered to this joint. I had the recommended Tinga chicken (it is SPICY) and Al Pastor (which was one of my favs ever). Don't forget to check out the salsa bar! Fast, cute, spicy, yummy!!Ok so my step mom and i went their for dinner tonight. The food was well the service was great. The amount and prices sucked. Im def not going back until they change that.It's no El Gordo in San Francisco, but this is one of the top taqueiras in New Orleans. I love getting their super quesadilla or chimichangas. My other half always gets the taco salad or veggie platos. Another cool thing about this spot is their S.I.N. night on wednesdays. Something like $5 pitchers and $2 frozen margaritas. And they serve food until 2 am.Went to Felipe's during the busy Mardi Gras season. Hands down one of the best tacos I've ever had and I live in Texas! Definitely a must stop spot every time in back in the Big Easy!Horribly overpriced, lousy extras, and bland bland bland entrees!
After three days of vacation, on March 28th, 2013, at 1pm, I walked in to Felipe's, based on my girlfriend's constant crowing about how Yelp's reviews were almost overwhelmingly positive. I've never been to a place that had such an odd way to serve tacos in my life.
Instead of seating yourself or being seated and having our orders taken, we STOOD IN LINE and had to order our food, cafeteria-style. Everything was laid out and you had to shout out your order to the cook, who then threw it all together in front of you.
The prices?
$2.00 for tacos (she ordered three with steak, which cost $1.50 extra PER TACO)
$5.75 for a burrito (I got the pulled pork, or 'carnitas')
$1.75 for a dollop of sour cream on my burrito
$4.00 for 2 medium sodas...!
Then it got really weird.
Instead of the traditional style of putting the tortillas on the grill to be warmed up, which always leaves a wonderful bit of crispness, they threw them into a STEAMER, making the tortillas feel and look clammy after 5 minutes, and to make the food completely worthless, they USED MONTERREY JACK CHEESE as a topping! Has anyone in Louisiana ever heard of traditional Chihuahua cheese???
There was a weak version of a Del Taco salsa selection off to the side near the soda machine. I opted for neither because I'm not into all of that crappy "fusion" stuff. I had pico del gallo in my burrito anyway. I hope it helped...
I paid for the food - $20.10 for the entire thing, YIKES! - and then we sat down.
My burrito looked pale and sad, and tasted VERY bland due to the blanched out tortilla cooling off. I could taste nothing but an overwhelming bit of flour, then just a bit of the meat. I barely ate half of it and gave up, drinking my Dr. Pepper.
MY girlfriend ate the tacos, but then she ate many weird things when she was in Vietnam a few years back. She claimed they "weren't too bad," but she wasn't happy herself, and I could tell.
After we were done, we unceremoniously dumped the leftovers in the trash, as everyone has to bus their own tables, apparently.
So, in summation?
I love burrito places - my girlfriend and I are from Chicago, and there is such a wonderful and diverse selection of Mexican and other Latino foods in the city, you can't really try them all.
Being Latino myself, I really gave this a try and wanted to enjoy it, but the impersonal cold way our food was served to us, the way it was prepared, and the final taste of it left more than a bad taste in my mouth - it also put a huge damper on my wallet. If I had been back in Chicago I could get the same exact meal for half the price and eat heartily!
The best part of the meal for me, frankly, was the Dr. Pepper.
How the Southern locals, who are known for their wonderful concoctions, can stand in line and order this underwhelming and overpriced junk and sit there and just eat it without comment astonished me.
I didn't see anyone looking like they enjoyed it. I felt no joy and no one looked like they were enjoying themselves.
We walked out and about an hour later ate a burger at a fast food place. I was so hungry...
How anyone on this website can say this is good Mexican food in New Orleans is probably the same kind of person who goes to Church's Chicken and saying it's better than Willa Mae's Scotch House, and that's really really sad.
p.s. - Take this for what it's worth, but I and my girlfriend were the ONLY LATINOS in the place. There were Blacks and Whites in there, but that was about it. If you are a Latino, you KNOW what this means...Tasty and inexpensive.  Their sangria at $3.50 a tumbler are pretty good.  During the Christmas season the s grips have a slight hint of mulling spices.   We literally stumbled into this place once to escape the rain,  and we're very pleasantly surprised.  Think tasteful cantina.  The menu, by NOLA standards is dirt cheap.  Seriously, if you need something other than bourbon street,  or you are tired of the oisters and mud bugs, try Felipe's.I did the pork platos. Great portion size. Well flavored rice.  It was delicious (Arizonans know good Mexican food). Good bartender who knows his tequilas. Thumbs up! Will returnHave been here many times over the years and try to make it a habit when in the French Quarter. The food is always fresh and is absolutely delicious. Have ordered most menu items and you really can't go wrong for solid Mexican. The atmosphere in the restaurant/ bar is also great for enjoying a drink away from the craziness of Bourbon Street. Good food, good people, can't recommend this place enough!finally a local answer to Chipotle Grill!!!
good,fresh, hearty, and fairly priced!
we like it, we really really like it!! :-)My 6 month old gives Felipe's 5 stars for their refried beans, but he hasn't registered for a Yelp account yet (or learned to type).
The steak nachos were kind of awesome and worth the long, somewhat slow line.  I want some again.  I also approve of the fountain root beer option and the salsa bar.
I hadn't realized that Felipe's was a chain until I drove past one in Boston a week later.  I don't expect to make it back to NOLA anytime soon, but I'll definitely be sure to duck into a Felipe's again when I'm near one.
Edit:  Apparently there are only 3 Felipe's in existence...and I happened past two of them within a week of each other.  Damn you, sense of order in the world!  I was really hoping for a random Felipe's tucked away in Harlem somewhere.  Oh well.  Next time I'm in Boston, Felipe & I have a date.I use to love this place and was a regular every wed. for the $3 margaritas.  Awesome margaritas. But they have always over charged me adding extras to my bill and not worth the long lines to get the the $2 or so back each time.  
     We love the wed $3 margaritas but they have even changed that to $4 and its not offered after 9:00 pm which they say is fully disclosed on their website which it was not.
       It was a family favorite for years but their rude staff and over charging us way to many times makes this place a no go for me ever again.We love Felipe's! Coming from Fargo, which has a serious lack of Mexican and MexAm cuisine, this is our go-to spot for a quick fix at the edge of the French Quarter. It's not (IN)authentically NOLA enough for the tourists, so it's largely locals in here.
I make no claims for innovation on Felipe's behalf - their burritos don't touch the SF Mission, and the fish tacos won't impress you if you're from Laguna Beach - but that doesn't matter. Everything is fresh and tasty. The staff is friendly, even for here, and it's so inexpensive that I want to say "cheap". You can easily pay three times as much for lunch at 25 places within a 4 bock radius that don't serve honest food that offers this value. *****we stopped in very late....they were still serving taco's at the bar....FANTASTIC pastor street tacos , fast service and friendly staff!The people working there got mad that I ordered something in the first place. Then seemed to be confused because I ordered a 2nd item. After paying with my card the cashier didn't offer a receipt and when I stood there waiting for her to hand the food she looked at me and said "what do you want?" Decent food, terrible service.Cheap prices for the Quarter. Food is plentiful and delicious enough that you see many locals eating there on their lunch breaks.The food was average; not bad but not terribly good either. The service was sort of lacking. We definitely felt rushed  we order a cheese quesadilla, beef tacos, and fish tacos. On a positive note, the sangria was pretty tasty. Overall, with all of the food choices in NOLA, I probably won't return.Love, love, loved this place when we visited New Orleans. Now, I know many people want Cajun or creole food, but if you're in the mood for tasty Mexican food, you must go here!Well, I never thought I would be eating Mexican in the French Quarter but saw the reviews and thought I would break my streak of eating a poboy at 7 meals in a row and it was starting to rain so I needed some cover.  I got the small carnitas burrito and it was really juicy and delicious.  Maybe had a sweet cinnamon touch to it (or maybe it was in the hot sauce that I had them put on it) but some central american places effectively use cinnamon in their hot sauce and I've always loved it. They also had Al Pastor which you don't see everywhere but didn't get a chance to try that.  Place is set up kind of like a Chipotle's (with actual Mexican's are making your burrito) but with a bar attached.I know what you're thinking. Who comes to New Orleans to eat Mexican food. Well, I did. And it was pretty good. We stopped here while walking towards the French Market more because it was convenient than because we wanted Mexican food. The interior is really nice and the food is prepared as you order. I ordered the enchilada with chips and it was, to my surprise, quite tasty. The prices are reasonable too. My one complaint is that the served the enchilada like a burrito. They didn't divide the enchilada into pieces, which made it somewhat difficult to eat. I kept having to roll it over like a burrito to prevent the food from falling out. I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but I would recommend this place if you want something that's reasonably priced and delicious for lunch.Always great. I make it a habit to stop in for the fish tacos every time I'm in town.It's cheap. It's fast. And the food is really good. What's not to like about this place? I love it.
I've had quite a few things off the menu, but my favorite is the steak (or sometimes the pork) quesadilla And.cilantro, oninon, Pico de gallo, guacamole and jalepenos are delicious additions.
Also, their guacamole is made fresh every day. and everyday it is a little different. Sometimes it's a little spicier. Some days a little onion or tomato heavy. Always delicious. Some may non like this inconsistency, but I do. It shows that different people all have different ways to make the guacamole and they make each batch fresh every day.
If you decide not to get one of their hand-made margaritas, which are quite delicious and reasonably priced, then you have to get their Jamaica tea. It's a red drink, and I'm not sure if it's tea at all, but it is DELICIOUS. Definitely worth the try.I've developed an increasing resistance to Felipes since I moved to New Orleans. This is a bit lengthy, but I feel like I should give reasons for a not so flattering rating.
First and foremost-the food. Felipes offers your standard mexican/tex-mex options. I enjoy their massive, stacked nachos that two people could easily split as an entree. Chimichangas are available but for some reason are listed in pretty small print on the menu board. Many people I've been with didn't know they were offered until I ordered one! Shame because they're one of the items I've liked there. Otherwise, though, I really can't understand the very positive remarks I hear about the place. It really doesn't do things differently than a regular Izzos or Qdoba. And their default chicken (char-grilled) is devoid in flavor to me. Pile as much as you can on it. 
The service is....let's say "unpleasant." Basically, I have to show up when they are dead in order to get an order correct and rung up properly right off the bat. If there is even a slight crowd, at least one (usually more) element of my order is wrong. It doesn't help that they really rush you down the line without any need to confirm what's been said (check Anetalya V.'s soup nazi reference). This inevitably leaves them midway into a wrong burrito before you can interrupt them. I always feel like a jerk doing so but I shouldn't. Excuse the soap box moment but: You shouldn't pay money to get rushed into an incorrect order. You may have to play referee with the cashier as the communication between the line cook is often off base. Review your receipt and make sure it's right. If I had no issue barking my order obnoxiously and repeatedly, this would be fine. But I do. 
Ordering from the bartender tends to be better, but he is usually so busy it takes quite some time for him to reach you, take the order, and submit it. Not his fault, though. On that note, I have had some good margaritas on Wednesdays. Again, I suggest getting there early if you want a seat at the bar because it can get a little crazy. 
This doesn't really fit anywhere in this review but I do think the crowd is always interesting. Families, college kids, young professionals, and seniors are often all represented. It's a fun thing to see.
Ultimately, if you get there really early or very late and take advantage of their drink specials, it's not a terrible place to dine. Otherwise not a fan.I believe this is a great option for visitors or locals, but I didn't give it four stars because it didn't wow me. 
It's a nice clean location and the price is pretty good -espically because of where it's located in the Quarter.
I'm a fan of watching while your food is being made and these guys do a good job. I love open salsa bars, but the salsas were only good (not great). 
I like the limited menu, but after trying all their meat options I'm not blown away by any. 
The best item in the restaurant is the margarita.We went to Felipe's for dinner after a day spent tubing, starved and looking for something big and cheap.  Set up like a Chipotle or Qdoba, order at the counter and customize as you go.  I got a standard beans-and-rice veggie burrito with guac for under $5.
If you're looking for quality, creativity, and character, go to Juan's.  But for cheap lunch/dinner/latenight in the Quarter, Felipe's has everything you need.  Plus a pretty good selection of spicy salsas next to the fountain drinks.I work in the area so I go there often and the food is pretty consistent. Just had the mezcal old fashioned today and it was one of the best drinks I've ever had. I'm a fan of old fashioneds in general and think that it's an underrated drink but this is one of the best that I've ever had.Hands down, the best place for a hurricane in all of New Orleans.  They make theirs using fresh-squeezed juices, unlike that other place up the street that uses a pre-made mix (yuck!).  Awesome mexican food too!!  I recommend this to all my friends going to NOLA and I go back every time that I visit as well.  Love this place!!  :-)Both the service and the food is absolutely terrible.  I wish I could give it zero stars, but for now I'll settle for 1/5.Yumyum for the tumtum. Inexpensive, flavorful, good portion. We rolled in at midnight after flying in. said hullo to the cops eating. bright and clean. I ate three tacos: chorizo, chicken tinga, and carnitas. All tasty, chorizo was my fave. Friends got quesadillas which were rolled up like burritos. They loved them.Ate at Felipe's last night. The food was good so we went back. Today we ordered the fish tacos. As I bit into it I saw something crawling around. COCKROACH! what's worse is the bartender called us liars and said it was a fruit fly. Trust me, I think the food is great, and I'd rather have eaten it. 
COCKROACHES AND HORRIBLE BAR TENDER!Eh. Really. Eh. I wasn't all too impressed with this place. It's almost like a knock-off Chipotle. I was assuming that I was going to be getting a decent semi-authentic meal but was instead presented with the most bland carnitas I've ever tasted. I was also put off by the fact that what i ordered said it came with cheese but was told that it would cost extra... That's pretty lame when I'm already paying eight dollars for a mediocre taco salad that doesn't even come with refried beans... The carne asda that I got for my daughter on her tostada was decent and I wish that I would have just got a burrito or some tacos. The line was also atrocious but I'm sure it was the slow and chit-chatty tourists that were to blame.Not the best but great for a quick meal the drinks are awesome queso could be thicker and spicier.Great value. Got the Platos with the pork/pineapple meat option (forgot the name) for only 6.95. This comes with rice, tortillas and all the veggies. They also have 6 house made sauce options which were all delicious.
A great light meat when staying in NOLA and you don't want to eat heavy sauces or fried food.Eh. This place is okay, I guess. Maybe if I weren't such a failure at not being a vegetarian I'd like it more. Would probably also help if I liked Mexican food. 
It's cheap, it seems to be open pretty late, and as far as restaurants on Decatur Street (ish) go you could definitely find something worse. However, not my favorite place. The queso and salsa and guacamole aren't terribly good, and normally those are things I kind of like at Mexican restaurants. Well, those minus the guacamole. 
Side note: Finally had someone call me out on the whole "taking absurd numbers of pictures with my phone everywhere I go." Some dude was like, "you must be really excited to eat here." 
Not so much, dude. But thanks for asking. I knew someone would have to say something eventually, right? Guess I must've looked like a wide-eyed tourist who was REALLY excited to be eating cheap Mexican food in the French Quarter.SO glad the hooters is gone cuz Felipe's tacoed its way into my life and I am happy about this. After a flight from MSP I needed a drink and some delicious tidbits and some time with one of my bestests. Felipes was perfect for all three. I haven't had a ton of margaritas in NOLA but I can tell you hands down they make the best. Why? Fresh squeezed lime juice my friends! And not fresh squeezed that day but fresh squeezed when you order. Plus they aren't shy with the tequila. I was feeling pretty fabulous after 2. 
I am a taco snob. Living in San Diego consistently eating real authentic tacos has ruined me for life. Much like NOLA ruins people for life with it's awesomeness. So when I came here and ordered a fish taco and an al pastor taco I wasn't expecting much. They won me over. Not as good as San Diego but DAMN good. Perfect size, great seasoning, authentic toppings. None of this shredded cheese and sour cream crap. You can tell that whoever designed the menu did it with care and an honest attempt and authenticity. Mexican flavors aren't typically as big and bold as nola ones and you can't ell they aren't trying to merge the profiles of the two cuisines. They did good. The fish taco was soooooo close to what I got in SD that I ended up ordering another one. The cream sauce in on the slaw was perfect. Accented the fish didn't overpower it. The al pastor reminded me of several afternoons in Tijuana drinking beer while munching on $1 tacos. They were so good. 
I will gladly come back here when I'm in nola and need a break from cajun and creole cuisine. If i ever move back it won't take long for me to become a regular..esp with such stellar margs.Four of us stopped in for a quick dinner. I ordered the steak quesadilla and the others ordered chorizo nachos, al pastor burrito, and an al pastor taco salad. All of us thoroughly enjoyed our food. The only complaint was from the guy who ordered the burrito, his complaint being that he wished he had ordered the larger "super burrito" since it was so tasty. I also liked that they had a salsa bar in the back and I loved the crushed ice from the soda machine. I highly recommend this place for good food on a budget.Ok, I know this is not terribly authentic Mexican food, but I'm originally form Michigan, so I am too ignorant to care.  The burritos are in flour tortillas that they steam in order to make them hold together after they roll them up.  The corn tortillas, are just yellow corn, very standard, but fresh.  I like this place because it is clean, friendly, reliable, and cheap, all things that are rarities in New Orleans.  The grilled veggies are nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked.  As far as the meat selections, the el pastor is highly regarded.  The key to getting a delicious meal is asking for some of the extras like the cilantro and red onions, the roasted corn, guacamole, grated white cheese, and pico de gallo.  They also have a little salsa bar that has about 5 different salsas and some sweet pickled onions that are great.  The queso dip is good, and has a tangy taste that I really like.  For fast tasty food that won't make you feel like you need to take a nap afterwards, I think Felipe's is one of the best options in New Orleans.Good tacos, simple, neat bar, inexpensive.  Definitely a local hangout, every one at the bar seemed to know each other.  I liked that.Very friendly & fast service. My husband and I had the nachos with steak & 2 tacos-carnitas. Salsa was ok, one too hot the other no spice at all. Not too expensive. Hard to find any Mexican food in New Orleans, so we were excited, it satisfied our craving.I would have given it All Stars except they price gouge, by rushing you through the line so quickly you don't even realize that you've been overchargedBeing from SoCal, eating Mexican cuisine elsewhere can be pretty risky. My family and I dashed into this taquería while trying to avoid a rain storm.  We didn't expect much, but the food proved to be pretty decent.  The total bill was reasonable: $29.96 for a family of 5.
The service was questionable. You line up and the cook takes your order, and once the food is prepared, you pay at the cashier. Easy enough under normal circumstances.  The cook, however, seemed distracted and kept walking away after each item we ordered. Before we knew it, a line was forming behind us as many people were trying to escape the rain.  The cook then rushed us through the line, and the cashier seemed irritated to ring up our order.
Overall, food was decent. Service needs improvement though.Pretty good Mexican food for NOLA in my opinion. I like that they make your taco's to order and accommodate to how you like it and how you want to dress it.
Guacamole, salsa, queso dip were superb. I also like that their chips were light and crispy and not oily.
I loved my meal here!So in love with this place, I've never fancied seafood and tacos together, but after having their shrimp tacos...i'm sold. It's made with this great cabbage slaw that is spicy and tangy at the same time. Every time i'm in the quarters I have to have Felipe's. Tasty ,affordable and they deliver!This is one of the best places I've been to, especially if you're looking to a cheap meal in the French Quarter.  The tacos and burritos taste pretty authentic primarily because of the tortillas and the fresh ingredients.  My favorite thing is really the sides bar because they have such a huge assortment of toppings and sides that will make your taco/burrito even more awesome.  They also have $4 margaritas on Wednesdays after a certain time which are also really delicious.  They make both frozen and regular margaritas and I think they switch off the flavors daily but you really can't go wrong with any of them.