This place is soooo good. I really think it may be the best burger in town. I wanted to order 1 of everything on the menu, but since I couldn't do that, I  decided to start with the  Dr Seuss Burger...no regrets. I will definitely go back to try the pork. They had just finished roasting it (for 8 hours) and gave us a sample. It was incredible. I Highly recommend Fharmacy.Far more than just a "burger joint". Creative and amazing flavors.  Wings were tremendous, Pastrami sandwich was very good....but the star was the Fharmacy burger.  Wow! Best burger I have had in the city.  A bonafide gourmet food experience...on a fluffy, buttery brioche bun. 
On top of the food, the owners and staff are amazing personalities.
My family and I just left.  Tonight was our first visit.  We will most definitely visit regularly.Food is wonderful and very flavorful!  Staff and service could not be better!
Salads and wraps are excellent and plentiful. The burgers could not be better and the fries are some of the best I've ever eaten. I'm pretty sure they are fried in duck fat. Everything is fresh and made to order. 
I have not had a bad meal here in the many times I've eaten here.  I wasn't going to write a review for the fear that I may not be able to get in when everyone finds out about this fantastic place.   I now know that I can call ahead and place my order.This place is awesome! My favorite is the dr tan burger, by far. Perfect balance of spicy and juiciness with their being too overbearing. One of the many perks here are the extra little awesomeness you randomly get whether it be some special off-the-menu food or a shot or anything else. The guys here are awesome too! Always friendly conversation and really have the need to want to know more about you. I couldn't ask for a better place to eat and hang out in the neighborhood.Every Friday the chef does a new special so naturally I come every Friday.  This place is a gem.  Great atmosphere and even better food.  You'd be doing yourself a disservice to not come and check this place out.Ate here yesterday and the food was the best restaurant food I have ate in a very long time. The ingredients are so fresh and the flavors are so bold. I have found a new regular spot. I had the Dr. Tan burger and my wife have the Italian Beef. We are both from Chicago and the Italian Beef definitely passed the test!!! We will be back very soon.The boudian balls were delicious. The burger was average. The costumer service was terrible.You can keep your Port O Call now that I've had Fharmacy. Hands down the best burger I've ever had! The staff is very friendly and attentive as well. The surrounding neighborhood is a little sketchy, but just put your blinders on because a trip to this little mid city gem is beyond worth it!AMAZING burgers! I got the Dr. Tan and it was so good. Nice a juicy and it kept together which I really appreciated. I hate it when burgers fall apart and you can't really put it down. My friend got the tacos and said they were seasoned really well. Our waiter made sure to check in with us frequently but not annoyingly often. Ambience was nice and relaxed and they were playing some great 70's music. Definitely will be back and will definitely recommend!Friendly, welcoming environment! Large bar area with several tables that are suitable for parties of 2-8. We ordered 3 different appetizers. The Mussels and frites were very yummy. The boudin balls are made to perfection coated in a Panko bread crumb. The wings were fried perfectly and made with a fresh garlic and Parmesan sauce; best Parm sauce I've ever had. It came with a side of freshly sliced carrot and celery sticks and a homemade ranch dip. My son had a cheeseburger and fries. I had the sausage dog with Italian pickled veggies. The staff was very accommodating to children. Salads also looked very appetizing! Thank you Fharmacy for a great food experience!Well, I must say, this place is great. I used the Yelp online ordering thing and when I got there my food was being bagged. Cooks are nice. The inside is a bit small. There's a bar that extends the length of the place. 
Now, I ordered Lemongrass Chicken Tacos and the Fharmacy Burger. The tacos were awesome. The meat was seasoned, there was spice, crunch, color, everything you can expect on a taco. It's served on corn tort, for a minute I thought it was white corn tort. I don't remember because I ate them really fast. This one taco place in Lake Charles (not going to name them) can learn a hell of a lot from this place, number 1 season the meat. 
The burger was nice and medium, the carrots gave it a nice crunch. I'm always down to try new things on old played-out styles of food. The fries were good and plentiful. Fries always shock me because it's just a side and some places just can't seem to get it right. This place gets it, my fries were nice and salty and the ketchup helps cut the salt. 
When I'm back in town, I will come to this place again.The food here is incredible! Excellent New American style food with a strong Vietamese influence. It was our first time here so we had small bites: tasty mussels & fries in a buttery beer base, spicy deep fried Boudin balls, and lemongrass flavored chicken wings. AMAZING!!!
Chien & Vincent are class act hosts and we hope to swap stories again on our next visit to New Orleans. (:Food was decent enough but the service was lacking. The servers were a bit nonchalant and didn't seem to care much about our table. Ordered drinks but had to grab them from the bar ourselves. Not to mention when they were closing the server finally paid attention and started to clear our table (and our half full drinks) which really irritated.I came here for the first time to support a friend hosting a NOLA tech week event. Fharmacy dos a great job with this, from creating a special menu specifically for the event to attentively monitoring the needs and level of food put out. I wouldn't of thought of this location for such a purpose but they more than met the mark and would certainly use them if I were hosting my own event!
On top of that, everything was delicious- boudin egg rolls to vegetarian ratatouille bruschetta to lemongrass wings, their kitchen has a command of a wide variety of techniques.Food was out of this world, and the owners were so nice. Chatted with us the whole time and gave us free dessert. We got the boudin balls, wings, and mussels. Everything was killer. Have fun!!!!Yeah it's awesome.  I have been quite a few times in past months, including (somewhat embarrassingly) a visit for dinner followed by lunch the next day.  Each time brings some surprises.  The first time I went the wife and ordered wings and burgers only to find the chef was making a ridiculous hamachi special - picture attached.  That followed for dessert.  The menu is basically like if you put all the comfort foods I want onto a single piece of paper.  Boudin balls, wings, mussels and fries, giant burgers, italian beef sandwiches ... The execution is great and they don't play around with spice.  I love their "emergency room" wings but have so far been too scared to try the "ECU" insanely hot option.  Mussels, burgers, sandwiches are excellent.  Particularly like their french fries.  Throw in really friendly service and cheap beer on tap and it is easily worth the drive to mid city for me.This place is the best.. ppl are great and the food is awesome. Great place to chill and have a couple of cold onesAwesome!  
I had the Chicago Itllian Beef and my wife had the Fharmacy burger.  It was the best burger of her life she said, and we have done a trial of burgers through many states.  
The place is in an old shotgun with a bar.  Great staff.  They make all their stuff in house and it's all amazing.  I am excited go back.  The burger is a mix of beef, short rib and brisket maybe, it's awesome.  go here. now.Amazing food. Best burger I've ever had. If you don't like the Dr Tan Burger, then just do yourself a favor and make your own. Their ground meat mixture is perfection. Lemongrass Chicken wings are also amazing.
Don't sleep on this place.LEGIT bar food!
Let's say the area can be a bit questionable, but hey don't let that stop you from coming in. The building has a very "new orleans" shotgun style, very cozy and narrow. There's only a few tables that seats four, most are two seaters or bar seating.
We ordered:
Mussels & Frites - $MKT - Asian style
The broth/sauce had the perfect amount of coconut milk and spices. I want to say they used hoegarden beer which is one of my favorites. The mussels itself had a nice sweet taste, a tad bit on the small side. Don't forget to dunk your fries in it! Also, this is apparently very popular, we were lucky enough to get the last batch!
Wings - Buffalo + ER - $8
Okkkk, first of all, this has to be one of the hottest wings I've tasted. I was too much of a chicken to try the "ICU" one. It had great flavors not too over powering, but yes you'll need a glass or two of water/beer next to you. 
Dr. Tan Burger - $14 - Fresh grilled jalapeños and onions, house slaw, pepper jack, chipotle aioli, bacon - had to add a fried egg  
I didn't have an amazing eggporn experience but that was okay the burger was still soo good! I actually didn't think I would like the slaw, but man that was definitely made the sandwich. The chipotle aioli wasn't very prominent as I anticipated. Overall, still a really good burger.  
Chicago Style Combo - $15 - House roast beef, Italian sausage, jus, giardiniera, provolone cheese
Wow, the size of this is massive. The Italian sausage was very juicy with a touch of sweetness. I didn't care so much for the jus on the side.. I would prefer a simple sauce to break up all the meat. 
Next time,
I would want to try the "ICU" Wings. Let's see if I can handle the heat. 
Our service was awesome! I believe our service name was Duc. Super great at his job and very personable. Because it was my first time, he suggested some of their popular flavors and dishes which came out great. I will be looking forward to coming back on my cheat meals!Delicious burgers! Wow! I was in the mood for something casual and quick and came across Fharmacy Nola on Yelp. I am glad we stopped in because we had some of the best burgers we have experienced here in NOLA. I had the Cali burger and my husband had the Dr. Tan burger. Both were huge, delicious, and served with a generous amount of fries. The service was quick, as far as getting drinks and ordering. It took a while to get the food, but it was worth the wait. Plus, while we were waiting our server kept checking in with water and drink refills. Beyond all of the that, the space is really cool and laid back. I loved the 80's music that was playing. It wasn't too crowded, but it was early on a Friday night. All I can say really is definitely swing by and give this place a try.Come eat here, the ICU wings are the Shite!!!
Bugers are FANTASTIC!
Chien and Nat rock this joint!This place is amazing. This will be my new Burger and Wing spot. We tried the Lemongrass and Buffalo wings. Both were awesome. The buffalo was totally recognizable as traditional buffalo sauce yet had unique flavor added that just worked. 
The Burgers were amazing. The meat quality was very high. We both agreed that it was not frozen and super fresh. Later we were told that its ground in house the same day. Both came with a good amount of fries. Very reasonable at 12 bucks a Hamburger. 
Everything came super hot which sounds trivial but recently I have been getting some really cold fries (yes company burger I am talking about you). Staff was super friendly and the place is locally owned. 
I would rate in the top 5 hamburgers I have had in town. Will be going back.Fantastic place! Loved the food (lip smacking Boudin Balls ... in New Orleans - unheard of! (I'm Cajun) and mouthwatering Dr. Tan - Gourmet Jalapeño burger with chipotle aioli sauce ... Hmmhmm good!) C'est Bon, Cher!  I'm so glad I found this gem!This place. THIS. PLACE. Such a great bar food meets Asian/ Cajun cuisine experience. On the menu you'll find, apps like wings, tacos, and mussels as well as burgers and wraps. The Dr. Tan burger was AMAZING. Just the right amount of spicy, sweet, and salty combined.
THE FRIES. You can get their proprietary Cajun seasoning on it. It's like Tony's meets, BBQ chips meets Zapp's Voodoo. They are absolute perfection,
The real champion dish for me was the lemongrass chicken taco. Whatever sauce was on it was potentially the most delicious sauce I've ever tasted. Creamy, sweet, and spicy.
Also, Jose gave use some delicious fresh watermelon at the end of our meal just because they're sweet and amazing there. 10/10 experience. Will definitely be a regular here very, very soon.Literally, everything we had was delicious. The mussel frites, meat pies, poke special and lemongrass wrap are amazing. Every single person we spoke with was awesome. Haven't had such a delightful meal that didn't break the bank in awhile.BEST BURGERS IN TOWN!!! Amazing service! Everything was delicious. New favorite. #DrTanburger #brilliantGreat food, service, 80's music, and chill people! Having the chop salad today! It's yummy! Parm wings are also good, tacos... BURGERS! Just about everything is good here no lie!!Awesome place to come and experience different flavors. People are great, food is amazing, and of course you can't beat the happy hour on tap beers. I can't wait to come back and try everything that is on the menu. I walked in not expecting it to be this good, and they surpassed my expectations. Try: the steak frites salad and the roast pork sandwich, they are delicious.Everything about Pharmacy was excellent. First off, their food was amazing! Second, the the staff and chefs were hilarious and more than willing to provide us with recommendations on where we should eat/drink next. I will be sure to return the next time I am in NOLA. Definitely the best meal we had in the city!A note of warning: before you come to Fharmacy run a marathon, go on a hunger strike and pack an extra stomach. The great things out this place is that it's 2300 miles from me. If you are in NOLA skip the tourist traps and hit this unassuming joint for some incredible American food with a Vietnamese touch. I'd tell you what to get but everything we had was delicious thanks to the hard work of Chef Chien Nguyen and crew.Two words...Mussels and Fries...drown the fries in the mussel broth and enjoy! Wings are crispy and juicy I tried their Carolina reaper sauce and it was spicy as it should be but the blend of flavors mixed in sealed the deal for me  perfect for dipping fries too! Eat at the counter and watch the food artists create delicious works of art and take mental notes of what you will order next time you go back. The entire staff was very welcoming and attentive the whole time. Definitely stopping by again before leaving.Working across the street provided a perfect opportunity to try the famed restaurant.  I wanted to come and see "what's all the buzz about?!"
My co-worker and I grabbed a menu and hopped up to the bar.  I'd already seen the menu, knew what was supposed to be happening, and our server was at your service.  I ordered the "fharmacy special".  It was the fharmacy, the staff of (4) was Asian, and it felt like waiting for a script at rite-aid.  How could I go wrong???  
Well, my buddy orders a "hamburger with cheese only". What? Seriously.?  When we get our burgers  he was chomping at the bit.  I had to stand at the bar to eat mine.  It was a stack with all of the peppers, pickles, and other specialty assortments cooked medium rare.  It was like biting into a water balloon.  Between the juices from the toppings and the juice from the burger it could have used a straw.  So I decided to eat the delicacy fries , yes-- they are!  Intermittently I chomped at the burger, and if it had shredded sharp cheddar instead of the oriental toppings it would have easily taken out port of call, ground pati, and ruby reds (for those old enough to remember). The cola did have that syrupy taste like RC, which brought back those old memories of peanuts  littering the floor in what is now the Siam Cafe.  I feel if I was more worldly in my taste, or more conservative in my toppings-- that it would have been a perfect 5 star experience..These dudes know what they're doing. Chien did my boy right. That Long island had him acting upWe loved our lunch. I had the Fharmacy burger and my husband had the lemon grass wrap. Both were delicious. The burger was my favorite. They make 90% of their food in house. We spoke with the owner, and he was very friendly. The tots were so good, and the fresh pickles were the best.BRO!!!! 
This place is Fhantastic! I'm a burger snob and these burgers rank high up there! The owners are incredible. Hung out with them for twenty minutes while I waited on my to go order and will go back just to hangout with them!
We will be back...A LOT!This place is great!! Their mussels are maybe the best I've ever had. The burgers are big and beautiful and feel/look/taste very fresh. Service was very pleasant and attentive. I will be back!! You should go, too!Cool place with great tasting food. I think we ordered close to everything on the menu and loved it all.Just a short walk from Canal, we Walked in for a late lunch and found two seats at the bar, everyone was very friendly and the ambience and music and everything was very chill and great at this place!
Got some Cajun wings, outstanding!!
And got the Fharmacy Burger, and this was nothing short of extraordinary! Highly recommend this burger!! 
It was really cool being able to watch how meticulous and what pride goes into making the food, you can tell this guys have a lot of pride in what they do! 
Next time in town, will be back!Amazing food. Quality food and generous portions at a very reasonable price. The service was gracious and very accomodating.Woah there, I have two words: FUCKING DELICIOUS. came here a couple weeks back and got the Roast Pork Sandwich. Came dressed with sautéed greens, swiss cheese and jus and was not let down. One of the best places to eat in MidCity in my opinion.I seriously cannot stop talking about this place!! We will return over and over again. The burger was absolutely delicious! It had a thick, homemade patty cooked perfectly as ordered. It was loaded with caramelized onions, melted cheese, delicious pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, and crispy bacon. We loved every bite! The cute shotgun house turned restaurant  is small, but we went around 1:30 and got
In and out easily. The servers were hardworking young men making an honest buck. Giving 5 stars was easy with this one! Great price for such a delicious meal!Really tasty place and their mushroom veggie burger is sooo delicious. Very kind and cool staff.  It's evident that the food is made with a lot of technique and care.I've never posted a review on Yelp so that tells you how good this place is! So good. Bike paths 90% of the way from our apt, nice drink selection, and hearty healthy food. And so friendly! We'll be back.What a great little out of the way spot fora bite!  We started with the Boudin Balls, which were delicious. I had the Fharmacy burger which was perfectly made, but not the winner of this dinner. Two of the kids had the Tan Burger. Excellent. I'd highly recommend that one if you're up for a burger. My husband had the Chicago combo. That won the the dinner contest. It was hoagie roll filled with roast beef, Italian sausage, giardiniera (a grilled peppers mix), and au jus. It was a ton of food and so good!  
Service was a little slow, so don't be in a hurry.  I'm NOT complaining. Everything was fresh and tasted amazing.I'm a burger guy and have had some of the best burgers in the country and the incredible staff at Fharmacy makes one of the best I've ever had. All the food looked amazing and literally everything is made from scratch in house! My new favorite burger place has now been found. Wifey and I will def be back! Awesome service and hospitality too!Wow, from the setting to the service to the food! This is officially my new spot! The chicken tacos were huge! And the everything is cooked to order so it's soo fresh! the asian fusion is excellent!We got here at 1:00pm and left at 2:03pm and only received water and an Mic Ultra. I have never had an experience like this in New Orleans. We waited 10 minutes before someone came to take our order. We place our full order at that time. The restaurant was full but they were still filling Waitr and to-go orders while we waited and waited and waited. A simple statement that the kitchen was backed up, or that it would be a long wait would have been nice. We even asked that our food be boxed to go, when I checked 15 minutes after that, it wasn't even up. We left the $4 for the Ultra on the table and left. So the food may be good if you ever get it. I really really really wanted to like this place :(Five of us showed up for a late Saturday lunch. The owners are super easy-going and make you feel very welcome. Burgers are fresh ground and massive (1lb.!) with plenty of interesting twists. Lemongrass chicken wraps were a big hit as well.Really great mussels and frites, we also had the buffalo wings, which were good, but I  want to go back and try the spicier flavors. Boyfriend liked the pastrami a lot and the burger was good (house giardinera was yummy). Pretty good beer selection with good prices.  They were really busy and seemed a bit rushed, but we will definitely be back.This tiny, little, sketchy place packs the BIGGEST flavors! Me and hubby have been here a few times and we love it. My husband's quite obsessed actually.
Staff is always friendly and super down to earth. We had one waiter who didn't know the menu too well, but he was probably new and his super cool personality made up for it haha. 
The burgers are delicious. Portion size is great. Like too great that my brother and I were thinking about sharing the next time we go..and I usually never share burgers lol. It's soo filling, so if you like a big burger this is your place! The mussels and frites are always a hit-we want to try the Cajun flavor next time. They also have wings as appetizers and they are scrumptious as well. Good size and great flavors. We tried the emergency and ICU flavors and they are perfectly spicy. If you can't handle spicy, it's NOT for you. As for sides, I love potatoes so I'm sooo happy they have tots and fries which are both so delicious. 
Definitely one of the best underrated burger spots in NOLA! Can't wait to come back and try some new stuff!Hot damn, I love a good Yelp find. Stopped in last night. This place had freaking fantastic food. You know you've hit the culinary jackpot when a place with American-Vietnamese flair is filled with mostly Vietnamese-Americans. We had the lemongrass chicken tacos, wings, and the Cali burger. The food left me a little delirious... at one point Dr. Tan was asking me a question and I was so into my tacos that I didn't realize he was speaking to me. 
On top of the food, these guys are just totally down-to-earth, nice people. One of the best customer service experiences I've ever had.. and I travel and eat out a lot!! They offered us daiquiris and fresh melon and were just generally gracious. 
Bourdain is going to find these guys... and fall in love. Get it now before their line is out the door.Best burger in town. Always cooked to perfection. Great vibe and great staff. Come here at least once month.It could have been five stars, but the chef was almost yelling during his belittlement of his staff member in front of customers. This really isn't a good practice to perform as some people are easily offended. That being said, the food was great.Friend recommended this place! And we absolutely loved it! Food is so unique with flavor! Best mussels we ever had, that spouse was incredible! Our year old loved pb&j , we also ordered burger and chicken wrap which we finished all couz it was so good! Great service friendly faces and great Nola atmosphere ! We will be backWe love this place. Everything is so fresh and delicious. I mean these guy literally make everything from scratch and you can totally tell. I will be honest and say that they messed up my order the first time I was there, but this only meant that I got to try the banh mi sandwich and it was amazing! The burgers are all so juicy and tasty but I especially have to give a big thumbs up to the portobello burger it's quite literally a mushroom burger. We always feel welcome here, great group of waiters and cooks.I had heard so much (great) hype about Fharmacy that I was excited to give them a try. My meal did not disappoint! My husband and I ordered quite a few things- we wanted to get an overview of the food and brought home delicious leftovers in the process! We started with boudin balls, meat pies, and buffalo wings. Our main was to split a lemongrass chicken wrap, dubbing slaw for the fries! The appetizers were all so yummy. The wing sauce was delicious, definitely not like every other buffalo wing sauce. I had only a very picky feedback which is that I wish the boudin balls had been a little more crisp on the outside. The lemongrass chicken wrap was very good. It did seem to need a little something added to give it a pop of flavor- perhaps an Asian sauce or dressing. I would order it again. And the house made slaw was fantastic! Crunchy and light tasting- no heavy mayo dressing. I can't wait to go back and try a burger!I basically ordered the entire menu.
First- the boudin balls. Perfection. On the spicy side which I love.
Next- wings. Get the lemongrass... blow your mind
The fries are amazing too... to say it's just French fries 
A friend of mine got a lemongrass chicken wrap and he let me try... it was so flavorful!!! 
This place is here to stay. For sure.It was a very fun spot where it looks like the locals hang out at.  My family and I enjoyed the idea of going to the touristy spots.  My husband enjoyed the Chicken Tacos, Meat Pies, and Boudin Balls.  I had the Portabella burger, while my son had the Cheeseburger kids meal.  What caught my attention was that it was Kid friendly with reasonable prices.  It was a great experience.  Thank you for everything.My first time here with adults & children. This is a very child friendly place on a Tuesday night. It was not crowded. We sampled the boudin balls, mini meat pies, Cajun mussels, kids cheeseburgers and couple of adult burgers. Everything were delicious. Particularly the boudin balls were very good. Servers were very friendly, readily available & accommodating. They do deserve the five stars. I will be back.Been wanting to go for a while and after hearing friends rave about it yesterday finally went. Had the Cali burger and tots (subbed instead of fries). Fantastic. The bread was too weak to hold the massive burger so I took off the top and just used lettuce as half the bun. Even still it was not pretty to eat. But man was it good. Companion's fries were very salty so glad I had the tots. My only issue is that they gave you SOOOO much food and it's good so I ate it all :(We had heard about this place from my friend who is a NOLA native, and he said it was his favorite burger in Nola so we decided to try it. It's in an old shot gun converted into a bar type building. My boyfriend thought the burger was solid, but he'd had better burgers before. The only thing was that we waited 30 minutes for our food.Love it, the Chicago Italian Beef is excellent. The owners and waitstaff are very welcoming and friendly. I will be back tomorrow for the Mussels.
I came Thursday and has the Mussels with  the Asian sauce and it was the BOMB! I found out that Mussels Monday $2.00 off 3pm -Close. Well I have a place go on  Mondays. Beer and Well Drinks $1 offIf you like spice and food full of flavor, this is the spot. Staff all works together and everyone is super nice and attentive throughout. 
Started with the Boudin Balls, NOLA style arancinis in they were hot but delicious. Ordered the Chicago style Italian Beef and it is such a good portion! All the components were on point. The house-made giardiniera is MONEY! They need to sell it online or in house so I can bring a jar back to CLT. 
My friends got the Fharmacy Burger with American cheese and tator tots and the other for the chicken caesar wrap. There's also looked picture perfect and both said it was great. 
The girls and I were at the pool all day and drank too many juices and sodas that we packed most of it togo. However, finishing it the next day was just as delicious. Definitely a spot I was happy to visit during our NOLA trip!AWESOME!! Really great food, very good prices and good menu options. Unpretentious attitude, focused on the food and chill atmosphere.Good burgers with unique twist. Very nice peple working. Headed to work so i could not partake in any adult beverages.  Small place bar was full everyone seemed happy.  Little on the loud side but very cozyMy partner and I tried to like this place but the service was horrible!!!! It took an hour and 10 minutes to get our food. First they gave our bottled water to another table and the people who got seated after us got their food before us. Now we were not the only ones who waited forever to get our food. The people who were already there also waited forever. We were all nice about it but for them to only come to the table one time in a span of one hour and apologize doesn't cut it. On top of that, they didn't even offer anything for the long wait. Now I'm not one to want or beg for free stuff but when you have people waiting for food for over an hour the least you could do is to offer maybe a free drink or a discount. Nope! Paid full price. I don't know if it is usually just three employees running the entire place or if maybe someone called in. The bartender, the cook and the solo waiter. If they only have three employees most days maybe they need to reconsider having more staff people.  Burger was good but not Oh wow so delicious I want to come back! It was not worth the wait. Maybe if it had been 10 to 20 minutes it would have been worth it. I don't know how they almost have 5 stars.The food was incredible. Had the Vietnamese lemon grass wings, jerk wings and several of the burgers. So much love and finesse went into the food; ingredients are so fresh and everything down to the sauces are made in-house. In addition, our server was super sweet - everyone who works there seems so humble and hardworking. Love what this place is all about and look forward to coming back to dine again!The decor of the place was aesthetically pleasing. The place had more of a run-down feel. This is a great atmosphere for catching up with friends. The order took a while, but the great taste of the food made up for it! Fharmacy is a definite must try!This place is awesome! My favorite is the dr tan burger, by far. Perfect balance of spicy and juiciness without being too overbearing. One of the many perks here are the extra little awesomeness you randomly get whether it be some special off-the-menu food or a shot or anything else. The guys here are awesome too! Always friendly conversation and really have the need to want to know more about you. I couldn't ask for a better place to eat and hang out in the neighborhood.This is one of my favorite new places in New Orleans. The burgers are ground fresh and you can taste the difference - one of the best in town. I have also had the Italian beef - very good. Last time we were there we got the tots with cheese sauce, pico and fresh jalepeno. The cheese sauce was from scratch and delicious. The owner/operators are also very friendly and personable. Check it out!Holy smokes!!! If you are from Chicago or love Chicago-style beefs, this is the ONLY place to go in New Orleans! The homemade Vietnamese peppers combined with the hot beef with delicious au jus and banh mi bread make this a truly special Chicago beef. They also include provolone, which is a must!!! The only thing I would change is to put the cheese on top and broil it so it is nice and gooey instead of including it on the side of the meat. This is minor though especially considering no other place serves a Chicago-style beef in New Orleans. It is YUM, go now!!! The inside of the restaurant feels like a typical Chicago beef place and the music is a great mix of 80's and 90's synth pop including The Cure and Depeche Mode, much to my delight!!! I almost forgot where I was and what decade I was in and that made the experience perfect! Service is prompt and friendly, what more can you ask for? I will be adding this restaurant to my regular rotation and can't wait to go back! Thank you and congratulations on a job well done, I will spread the word!I absolutely recommend the Asian muscles, the best I have ever tasted! Great atmosphere and prices!I went to Fharmacy for lunch and had a great experience. Not only was the food excellent, but the staff was friendly and sincere. It seems like an unlikely location for a great restaurant, but it's absolutely worth a visit. 
I had naked wings for an appetizer with the Vietnamese lemongrass on the side. They were very meaty and tasty. I thought they tasted more like duck than chicken, but still delicious. For my entree I had the Dr. Tan Burger which was very good. It comes with bacon, but I ordered it without (I know, blasphemy). The house slaw was delicious on it as well as the chipotle aioli. My lunch date had the Fharmacy Burger which was even tastier. The house giardiniera was to die for! I genuinely recommend Fharmacy, especially if you are craving a juicy burger. I want to go back to try the Cali Burger with the guac, mushrooms, swiss, chipotle aioli and alfalfa sprouts!! On a side note, the wine they were serving was not terrible, so that's a plus too.Fharmacy has the best burger in New Orleans hands down. They grind their own beef and stuff their own sausages. Their Korean twist on American classics is top notch and the staff is hilarious and personable. I have recommended several people to visit Pharmacy and no one has been disappointed. My favorites are the Asian Mussels and Frites, Dr. Tan burger, and lemongrass chicken nachos.  The restaurant is small with less than 10 tables but the atmosphere is homey and family friendly.Fusion comfort food located in a converted home. The staff was super friendly and fast. Burgers were delicious and food was fresh. We had the chopped Asian salad with homemade dressing it was perfect with a little bit of spice. The California burger and the Fharmacy Burger again both fresh and very filling.Seriously amazing. Didn't look like much walking up to it, but it's a cool diner on the inside.
The lemongrass tacos were out of this world! Wings were great too - one of the best cheap eats I've had in the states!Best buger ever!!!  So flavorful and juice!! I will definitely have to go back before I leave New Orleans..Back again and it's just as good as the first time.  This place is a hidden gem.
Started with the Boudin Balls. Tremendous.  Waiting on. Pharmacy and a Cali Burger.  Will get the Lemongrass Chicken Tacos to go.
My wife and I are addicted.This place is do-o-o-ooooope.
When you first look at the menu, it appears to be a mish mash of traditional bar fare and Asian dishes. What you don't realize is that some of the items that appear "traditional" on the menu have a unique, Asian spin that you can just BARELY detect. It's super badass.
I'm speaking specifically about the buffalo wings. You can get perfectly cooked buffalo wings at a lot of places in the city but these buffalo wings are special. I won't give away any secrets, but the buffalo wings have the sweetest, most subtle Asian undertones that make you rethink buffalo wings altogether. Eat them. PRO TIP - Every Wednesday is Wing Wednesday and all wing baskets are $5.
We also tried the Dr. Tan burger and the lemongrass chicken tacos which were on fiya. Again, two traditional bar foods are given a very sweet & sour Asian twist. PRO TIP #2 - Every Tuesday is Taco Tuesday and all tacos are $2.
Besides the food, the ambiance here is everything you want from a local bar. Kind staff, cozy environment, CLEAN bathrooms. Just go!!!!!!!
Other fun things to note:
1. Happy hour is $1 off drafts & wells
2. Mon- Wed happy hour is 3 til close
3. Thurs & Fri happy hour is 3 til 7
4. Mondays are Mussel Mondays and mussels are $10
5, Fridays the chefs create specials out of whatever they decide (check out their Instagram for updates!)
See y'all there ;)Hubby and I had a blast . Service was good . Food was excellent . Atmosphere was laid back and chilled . Owners was very pleasant and cool .What a fantastic experience all around. My boyfriend & I shared the Asian mussels & frites, garlic Parmesan wings & Fharmacy burger. All were perfection & left us happily full. One of the chef's came over to check on us & gave us recommendations for the remaining sauce we were taking home from the mussels. 
I loved the atmosphere, friendly, happy staff, & of course, the food! 
Cannot wait to have a day off & go back to try everything else.Fave food in mid-city. The lemongrass chicken tacos are perfection. We always sit at the bar. Service ain't bad to boot.I eat here all the time and everything I have tried here is great! Almost all of the food is made fresh in house, including the burgers which comprise of three different cuts of meat that they trim and grind everyday. The staff is extremely friendly!This was our first time to Fharmacy. We both got specialty burgers and fries. Both burgers and the fries were excellent. The restaurant is an old converted shotgun house. It was very clean and upbeat inside. The staff were attentive, friendly, and happy. We will definitely be back. Several other menu items got our attention but we couldn't get it all.One of the best burgers I have had. Definitely add the Cajun spice to the fries for an extra kick. Everything is made in house (sauces, pickling, ground their own beef). Highly recommended.Low key food and bar near the VA hospital. Relaxing atmosphere, great service, and phenomenal food! Vast menu items catering to your taste buds.Glad my business contact suggested Fharmacy.  Had boudin balls for appetizer and on the Fharmacy Burger.  Great atmosphere.  I beat the lunch rush so parking was okay for me, but late comers probably have a walk a little.  
Asked for a medium cooked burger and that was exactly what I got.  Air conditioning did not seem to be fully working the day I went....not a hot day but was balmy insideAte lunch there. Had the chicken tacos. Enjoyed them immensely. My wife enjoyed the chopped salad. Will go back to sample the mussels and the interesting sandwiches.This place is great! Tasty food, great staff and super cute building. We had the boudin balls, Dr. Tan Burger and the Cali burger with Cajun fries and it was delicious! Definitely recommend!I'm at least a weekly regular and I've waited quite a while to write this review or even to check in. Sometimes you find something so good you want to keep it all to yourself. My go to are the Lemongrass Chicken Tacos. Technically it's an appetizer but it makes a great meal. They're light and flavorful with some delicious homemade sauce that is crazy good. Burgers, tots, chopped salad, and pastrami are all insanely good and all with very decent prices. I love the staff and service is intimate and accurate. They never disappoint.Must have: Boudin Balls! The house-made boudin is spectacular. Everything we tried was incredibly flavorful. Boudin balls, Mussels & Frites, Chicago Style Beef sandwich, wings! And to top it off, the staff was super friendly. All this and they've only been open just over a week. Well done!!Unreal burgers. Absolutely incredible beef quality. The giardinera is better than anything I've had in Chicago. GET HERE FOR DR. TANS BURGER.Blows company burger and port a call out of the water. Fresh ground beef, nola friendly, cooked to perfect temperature, and cheap beers to wash it all down.Dr Tan Burger  literally one of the best burgers I've ever had. Everything is made fresh right there.. I saw them pulling a whole brisket out. You taste the freshness. Highly recommendedGreat burgers! There isn't much variety on the menu but what they do have is very good. They were doing a large take out order when we were in so things were a little slow BUT the service was still great and we were forewarned about the large order when we walked in so no biggie. Everyone in our group enjoyed their burgers and they were cooked perfectly.As many times I have checked in here, you'd think I work here. Where do I start? Walking in this joint, I didn't think I would find menu items that would lure me back time and time again. The occasional Friday special never disappoints! The different specials will take you on an adventure with your taste buds. Hamachi sashimi salad, grilled lamb chops... Just look at my photos! Very enticing indeed, isn't it?
Not too adventurous? That is fine. Their menu offers consistently well prepared meals. One of my top places for a good ol burger plus perfectly fried fries or tater tots.I had high hopes for this place. I heard the burgers were great, I was so excited to go put a order in for takeout lunch. Tried to call several times but couldn't get through. 
I arrived at 1155, placed my order and got my food 50 minutes later. I tried to convince myself it was worth the wait..... I was so disappointed (1)prices on the burgers went up by & 2 from online  (2)they messed up part of the order (fharmacy burger) caught before I took and said they were going to fix it, but no they just scraped off the olive mix I didn't want and with it went everything else so I paid $14 for a cheeseburger with lettuce and olive remnants (2)next burger (Tam) they got completely right, yay! (3) last burger, plain with cheese got dressed all the way
You can't charge $14/burger, make me wait 50 minutes and screw up 2/3 of the order.... Cmon people.
I gave 2 stars because the burger, though wrong, was good but the customer service put a sour taste in my mouth for this place.My new favorite place for burgers. The burgers are fresh and prepared perfectly to order. I had a medium rare burger that melted in my mouth. It was the best burger I've had since Phil's grill shut down. The staff is friendly and welcoming. Can't wait to try the tacos and appetizers. Will definitely be back.i got the italian sausage and that thing was way too huge, not like that's a bad thing though, if you're a meat lover then it's definitely for you. The only reason I would come back to this place is for their chicken tacos, I keep thinking and dreaming about them, they're so perfect, well seasoned, delicious slaw on top and dripping some lime on it rounds it off.Best burger hands down in the city and I do not make that claim lightly. Mussels were flavorful and came with more than expected. Service was friendly and felt like having a meal with old friends. Amazing value and can't wait to go back.Love this place! I go out of my way to come here! The lemongrass chicken in the tacos and wrap is perfect. Truly something I find myself craving. The burgers are ground in house and you can taste the difference. A great burger that is worth splitting with someone (so that you can also eat a taco!). The cajun fries are something I avoid now but the other items make up for the miss on the fries.Great new spot in the 'south of broad' Tulane area. Pretty well hidden, it's just between the new Waffle House and Tulane Ave.
The place is long and narrow with a long bar to sit at and a couple tables. Everything we saw other people eat looked great but we stuck with the Emergency Room wings and the ICU wings and they were hands down the spiciest (but the right amount of flavor, not just heat) wings we've had in the city and reminded me buffalo wings you'd find in the north east. 
Staff was very friendly and gave us some samples to try and really made us feel like regulars during our first time there. 
The bar area is relatively quite, has several TVs, good food and alcohol selection. Really a great little dive to have in the area on a quite street. Definitely will be back!Fharmacy Nola represents the type of burger joint that is necessary for the current food scene. Neither fast nor fancy, this restaurant capitalizes its focus on the fact that you'll go and enjoy their delicious burgers. If that's what your looking for then this is the right place to go, as their burgers are both delicious and unique.
I've been several times now with different people and everyone has enjoyed the meals they were served. I like the casual atmosphere and the fact that the staff takes their job seriously, providing the customer with exactly what they ordered cooked to perfection.
Now, the only thing keeping this from a fiver is the backyard patio. Perhaps it's been cleaned and primped a bit since I've been (roughly a month ago) but it was a little dirty and dingy. 
Though the wait was slightly longer than you'd expect from ordering to food service, trust me when I say that this one is definitely worth it!Not one complaint. I sat at the bar around 2pm, got an iced tea and the lemongrass chicken wrap- which was to die for. Perfect blend of light and sort of healthy tasting while being filling and satisfying. So so good. The ingredients were fresh and the food came fast. The bartender and owners were super nice and even offered some king cake on the house. Take the short walk from the canal street street car to see where the locals eat!Superb service and fantastic food. The lemongrass chicken wrap is my favorite and consistently tasty. The wings are some on the best in NOLA. I've only had the wrap and wings but if they're any indication of how the rest of the menu tastes then I know you're in great hands.We stumbled in here after a second line and couldn't have been more pleased with our meal. The lemongrass wings and Dr. Tan burger were both amazing. Also, excellent customer service. Definitely a must!Fabulous service! We had the tacos, boudin balls, tater tots (with everything!), portobello sandwich, and meat pies. Everything was cooked to order and amazing!!We had the Pastrami with tots and no dijon mustard. It was good. The workers were chill and fun. One of the guys played a lot of early 90s like La Bouche and "Dragostea din tei" I liked the music and I told him my husband didn't. The other worker agreed with my husband, saying "What's up with the songs man?" I agreed it was good with the other guy." It was fun and relaxing.I was in NOLA for work for about a month and I tried this place on the last day I was there and I'm a fan. It's kind of in a weird location and there's limited street parking but that's okay because the food was pretty good. I called ahead for tater tots and an order of the Vietnamese lemongrass wings. 
The food was hot and the tots came out of the fryer right as I arrived. The wings were dopeeee, great lemongrass flavor with hints of fish sauce. I know it might sound weird but fish sauce is a staple in Vietnamese culture and the I believe the owners are Viet so it's very cool they blended some of the homelands flavors. The wings remind me of the kinds momma make at home. 
The portion size for the tots were very generous. I can't complain about them they were great. If i'm ever in town again I'll make sure to hit it up again for their burgers.I am blown away by the food here. This was my first time dining in and I had the Dr. Tan burger. In short, the burger was life-changing. Get it. You will not regret it. I brought my dog along and got an extra side of bacon for her. We were both very pleased! Food and service both exceeded all of my expectations. Will definitely be back!Stop reading and go!!! This place is amazing. The boudin balls are the best I have ever had. People should be writing epic poems about them. I had the Chicago style combo, which was more food than should be legal. I barely finished the sandwich, but I was not going to let that go to waste! My wife had a burger, which was also amazing. The fries are easily the best fries I have ever tasted. The staff is great, and since it's a small place, you can talk to the chefs while they cook. Everything about this place was perfection. Now seriously, stop reading and  GO THERE!!!This place is off the hook!! I had the Tan burger and was it ever good! This burger didn't disappoint ... the fries omg I won't be able to eat anybody else's fries now.  They were so good!! Looking for great food and a good tine lion no furtherCame here because of the reviews. Did not leave disappointed!!!! Dr Tan burger was incredible and the lemongrass flavored wings were delicious. My buddy tried the Cali burger and lemongrass taco and also agrees that they may just have the best burger! Outside of me being the obvious topic of discussion by the 2 female food preps ( what about? Good/bad wouldn't know cause my fault for not knowing Spanish) Amazing experience! Even if it was bad, they can talk about me however they want if this is the food that is continued to be servedFharmacy burger should not be missed.  Been a few times and it's excellent each time.Burger was great. Caesar salad was sad. I guess a bar can only do one or two things well. A very poor beer selection, did I call this a bar?  And no dessert, is it a restaurant?  I am not sure what this place really is. The burger was great. O well.Awesome place!  Ask if they have the pork belly appetizer -  it's off-menu and doesn't get any better.  Despite the generous helping, I almost downed it all before getting a pic of it.  The Vietnamese Sausage is a great New Orleans take on the Banh Mi. The cased sausage is made in house and perfectly seasoned. The aoli spread over a warm flaky French roll takes it to perfection.
Also tried the Dr. Suess Burger.  House made burger with tons of flavor.  The bun was not overlooked as it provided just the right structure to hold in your fingers as the egg mixed with the avocado aoli and  ran down my hands. 
Staff was very welcoming and displayed great pride and care at their craft. I wish I lived here so I could keep coming back!Hands down BEST burgers in Nola. And I love the owners and staff! I always bring friends in town and they love em too!EVERYTHING at the Fharm is amazing! If you skip it it's your loss! The burgers are phenomenal the the grill chicken that they cook on a spit is to die for.  My colleagues and I tried almost everything we got the roast pork sandwich ,wings, tacos and the meat pies everyone of them was a hit out of the park. The food is full of flavor and so fresh. I don't want to leave out the fact the staff is just as amazing has the food! My brother is a chef and this place is up on my top 5 for sure. Can't wait to come back to the Fharm!Burger is SO fresh! The high quality of ingredients is very obvious. Super nice and friendly people working here- I really think the best burger in town!I have been looking for the perfect burger in New Orleans for years now and I finally found at the Fharmacy. I have been here several times now and have had several of the burgers on the menu and am floored every time by how delicious it is. The restaurant is very cute inside with a nice outdoor patio area as well. The staff are incredibly friendly and it is an absolute delight to dine here!Ate here for lunch on our way back to Nashville and boy did we save the best for last! With all the great food there is to eat in New Orleans you don't want to miss this one! Lemongrass chicken tacos were so fresh and flavorful and the Cajun seasoned fries were awesome! We will make this a must do when we are back in town!Second time we were there the food and service/attitude was even better than the first. These guys rock. New favorite spot south of Broad.Great food. Great service. Wish it was bigger inside, but that's part of it's charm! Nice beer & wine selection, but not the best for mixed drinks if you like that sort of thing. Andrew was super accommodating as we had 8 people with us. Some of the best burgers around! Will def be going back!Hole in the wall with great food. We had the boudin balls and a hamburger and they were spot on!! Great bar selection as well!!Amazing food, adorable owners, holler at a Bobby Chien he is a snow bird in Minnesota and a swamp angel in Nola!I travel all across the US and abroad in search of unpretentious, flavorful cuisine prepared with high quality (and whenever possible locally sourced) ingredients... and your "American" with pepper jack cheese and perfectly crisped bacon was the best burger I've ever had. Not to mention the obviously hand crafted cajun spice mix dusted over those melt in your mouth fries... it evoked a sense of exotic flair only rivaled in the spice markets of Istanbul. Fharmacy "Baybae", your hospitality, open air kitchen, 80's jams, and delicious bar bites have ruined me... you even compelled me to cease trolling and actually contribute by writing my first Yelp review in 7 years on the site... pinky promise I'll never come to NOLA without stopping by:)Low key food and bar near the VA hospital. Relaxing atmosphere, great service, and phenomenal food! Vast menu items catering to your taste buds.This place is absolutely delicious. So much so that I need to visit them again to be able to focus on giving them a worthwhile review. Just suffice it to say that I will be back. Often. And not one morsel I placed in my mouth was disappointing. A+This is my first review on yelp, I have never had the urge to praise a restaurant until now. I had the Fharmacy Burger and it was the best burger I've ever had. The fries were also insane, and the pickle was perfect, not too pickly. Considering you can get this quality burger for $13, there's no reason to go anywhere else!Great place!  We had the lemongrass Chicken Tacos,boudin balls, BLT and The Roast beef sandwich.  Everything was so good. Staff is very friendly. Will definitely go back.  Highly recommend this place.Stopped in on a food crawl around town. The Dr. Tan's Burger is worth every rave review on here. Honestly one of the best burgers I've had in my life. We sat outside with our pup and they even brought him out water in a little dish! Put this place on your Must Eat listNew place just opened days ago. They have fresh made juicy burgers that melts in your mouth. They have mussel frites. You can have it beer, cajun, or asian flavor. The mussels was topped with fries, it was good to dip with the sauce in it. You can order off menu or any way you like it, and they will make it for you, which is a plus for picky eaters.They deserve more stars.  This place needs to be on your list if you are visiting, or live in New Orleans!  The food was amazing, house made sausage Italian beef combo was out of this world.  We got the Boudin Balls as an appetizer, and I highly recommend them (spicy, but great).  The music was great, and the staff was very friendly which is always a plus.Wonderful! The food is done so right here. We had the Fharmacy burger, Dr. Tan's burger, and the Boudin Balls. The burgers were cooked to temp and the toppings were absolutely superb! Creative ideas at this place. The giardiniera (olive relish) works on everything. The bacon jam made me rethink life. We have a new burger joint :) And the Boudin Balls, wow, just wow. Crunchy outside, hot, soft, spicy deliciousness on the inside. Damn, guys :) We will be back.
Update: trip 2
Wow! Okay, we got the Mussels & Frites and that is, to us, the most wonderful app so far... and it just keeps going. Sweet, crisp, and oh, so savory. The broth could stand on it's own. We also split the Lemongrass Tacos (great dish: sweet, spicy, creamy, tangy goodness) and the Chicago Style Combo, the Italian sausage was thick, spicy and herby (thyme strong) and paired so well with the shaved, juicy roast beef accompanied by a delicious au jus. I'm glad we decided to go back. Thanks again, guys:) Well done!My daughter and I ventured into a new area in search of a good burger. We found ourselves in Fharmacy NOLA and truly enjoyed our experience!
Great food, people and place! An American burger with a Vietnamese twist will wake up those taste buds and put a smile on your face. I love the staff here and the fact that seemingly enjoyed serving us. They are a happy team and that spirit is infectious...We will be back!
Thx Dr. TanBrotherly love here. Friendly service with great food.  Great place to chill. Got to try the Dr. Tan burger. It really surprised me.This place is FANTASTIC. Highly recommend the burgers, almost everything from the patty to the mayonnaise itself is made in house! Delicious, great portions, reasonably priced, awesome workers-  a must visit!This place is FANTASTIC. Highly recommend the burgers, almost everything from the patty to the mayonnaise itself is made in house! Delicious, great portions, reasonably priced, awesome workers-  a must visit!Not as great as I expected. Slow service, and the food was average. I had the hot sausage for my meal it was a bit different from the typical sausage. It was more like ground pork in a casing. Not my favorite place but maybe worth trying something else.Everything from the classic Cajun cuisine (i.e. boudin balls) to the Vietnamese flare to their homeade pickles (Giardiniera on many of their sandwiches). Beyond the delicious and flavorful food across the menu, the service was incredible. The owner and chef had a 15 minutes conversation with us about his love for food and roots in the New Orleans Vietnamese community. While they said that they close at 9pm, there was a Saints game on so they said they would stay open until it was over. They are putting effort into connecting with the Mid-City community which I appreciate with their location being right off of Broad St. Check out this restaurant for its unique cuisine, interesting location, and wonderful staff.Sometimes I wish it had a bonus star!!! In a city of great bar food and neighbors eats it is hard to stand out. The Fharmacy does in a BIG way. The building is unassuming and screams grab a beer. No need to fret if you are not looking for a stool and a brew. This place has a chef that LOVES food and it shows. Everything I have had ranks as some of the best not just in NOLA but across my travels. Take the Buffalo Wings!!! If you try these you may not want buffalo wings from another place! The might ruin you for average wings. The BURGERS are other world!!! The Dr Tan is my go to. Chicago Style Beef, Sausage! Yeah they got it and it is great. Meat Pies!!! Meat Pies!!! Meat Pies!!! The fries are even great!!! Don't wait another day. Head to the Fharmacy ASAP for the healing your hunger needs.This is now my favorite place for burgers in New Orleans- better than port of call, company burger, cowbell, etc. The meat is freshly ground daily; the burgers are perfectly seasoned and the fat juicy patties are cooked to temp. Mussels were also delicious. And to top it off, everything is reasonably priced. Definitely coming back!WOW awesome place!!  Had Boudin sausage balls for an appetizer then I had Cajun style chicken wings & my husband had this huge sandwich Chicago style beef.  All was fantastic. 
We sat at the bar & talked to the cooks. Fun friendly guys.So much flavor in every bite! Great sized portions too. The attentive and fun crew behind the counter is always a  plus as wellProbably one of the best burgers I've ever had! The Cali Burger is no joke. First time visiting NOLA and will definitely be back next time I comeAwesome food and service.  Really love the pharmacy grade tots with pork... been here several times and have yet to be disappointed with my foodMy husband and I stumbled upon Fharmacy NOLA during our first visit to New Orleans. We enjoyed everything we ate - I had the lemongrass chicken wrap, my husband had the Chicago Style Combo, and we shared an order of meat pies. Everything was delicious and I highly recommend stopping by!Everything from the service to the food to the bloody mary was flawless. Great hole in the wall. Seriously though if flavor is your thing, go for the burgers.I have to review this place again, best kept secret. Food is so so so so good. Best burgers in all of New Orleans. We have tried nearly everything on the menu, and I don't have the vocabulary to give this place it's proper praise.OH MY GOD....where have those mussels been all my life???  They need to be entered into contests...it would be on my list for "Best things I ever ate"!!!!  Burgers were great too but those mussels and frites-Asian flavor, i GUARANTEE you will want to thank me!!!The Fharmacy burger is so good. The patty drips with juice and the size of the burger is pretty massive. It was hard not to get my hands messy in order to eat this masterpiece of a burger.I dig it. Have been for lunch a few times and while their menu is random AF, it's awesome. Italian beef? Killer. Lemongrass Chicken tacos? One of my new faves in NOLA. Solid sammies. Solid fries. Everything is SOLID. AND they have good beer on tap; reasonable prices, VERY friendly service. Atmosphere is eh, but go somewhere else for date night. This spot is perfect the way it is!Summary:
Great service.
Great atmosphere.
Great food.
Long review:
I'm about to throw them into the "best damn burger in New Orleans" category. The key is to get a burger you are going used to getting, don't try something fancy you have never tried, they make the favorites... but better. Then be ready to be impressed. I had two different burgers, one of my normals, the other I don't normally get. 
My normal was cali style, their version blew my mind. The meat tasted fresh, clean, and juicy. Most importantly, the burger didn't fall apart of slip off as I ate it, even with an added egg on top.
The chicken wings were great, but get the spices sauce on the side.
I can go on and on, but just go there and eat the damn food.
We will be back again.I love the service, and the food is excellent. Dr. Tan Burger, best specialty burger in NOLA in my opinion.Enjoyed an off the beaten path experience while our family was in New Orleans here at the Fharmacy Nola.  
Local fare successfully paired with Southeast Asian flavors and spices.  Great combination.  
They treated our family like their family.  Free Popsicles for the kids after dinner.  Offering us a tasted of this or that coming out of the kitchen... excellent service.
Space is a bit of a challenge, and will be more so as this place becomes more popular.I came here on a whim, and I am glad I did. I had heard that they make all of their sausages in house, so I knew I wanted to try that. I ended up going with a Vietnamese sausage po-boy, wanting to try something I had never had before. I came in, sat down at the bar, and was greeted by very friendly staff. Once my order was placed, I was told that it would take about 15 minutes, and they wanted to make sure that was OK with me. I was fine with it, and he explained that everything was made to order, so the wait time may be longer than expected. I chatted with the staff as I watched them make the food, since the grill is right on the other side of the bar. My food came out piping hot, and it was delicious! The gentleman next to me at the bar had some chicken tacos that he was raving about, so I think that is what I will try next time I come back, because this restaurant is definitely worth a second visit!Delicious burgers! I LOVE the homemade ground beef patties! They taste so fresh and different from other patties I've had, definitely a good kind of different! Everything here is delicious, you really can't go wrong ordering! French fries are better than normal and the tots are wonderful! The loaded tots take a fresh twist on a classic chili cheese tots and really freshen up the flavors! Pictures is the fharmacy burger with an egg and the Cali burger!Yo this place is bomb.com!!! I went this last Monday afternoon and had the chicken tacos and it was amazing. The service is amazing as well. I can't wait to go back!!Great casual lunch. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was perfectly relaxed. I wish we lived in NOLA so we could keep it on the short list.Awesome food, very fresh. Dr. Tan Burger and the lemongrass tacos are nothing short of tongue-gasmic bliss. Did I mention the boudin balls? Because they are the bees knees, ankles, and duodenum. Staff is super friendly and make you feel welcome every time.Fharmacy is great! Quality neighborhood spot. Killer broth on their mussels and fries (which you can order Cajun/Asian/ garlic + parm). Ordered food for a family of 3 and were legitimately surprised at the portions + veg quality. The music was everything I wanted to hear midday on a Saturday and we came home w/ full bellies.The wings (garlic-Parm) were just ok, but the Dr. Tan burger was amazing, one of the best burgers I've ever had. Looking forward to returning and trying some other items.I was impressed with Fharmacy Nola. I went on at Sat at 11:20 am; ordered the Fharmacy Club sandwich, it came with fries and a pickle spear. I didn't get my food until 11:50 am, which seemed too long (the restaurant was not crowded) to wait for a for a club sandwich; however the waiter's customer service was amazing, my drink was refilled before it made it to the half way mark.The club sandwich was good, fresh and the pickles spears where sooooo goood! Their pickles are made in house and have a garlic butter taste to it (subtle not too strong) I have never had a pickle that taste so good. I could go back just for the pickles! I thought the cost was pricey at $12 for the club and fries until I saw the portion size, it was enough for 2 people, and so the $12 price tags was well worth it. I can't wait to go back !!Hole in the wall, small menu, great food. The amount of mussels you get for the price is unreal. Great flavor! Burger was tasty but a bit salty.That place is amazing! It's a bit small but intimate. All the chefs serve you with a smile and their food is always hot and fresh. I get either the garlic parmesan wings with blue cheese or their Dr Tan burger. I hear their Cali burger is good too but never tried it. You can't go wrong with either one. I want to try some thing next time I go backHoly cow! My friend Jennifer took me to this place for tacos and I love tacos! She said they have really good tacos, so I decided to give it a try. It looks like a hole in the wall place on Banks St. and it looks like a pretty chill place. You walk in and there are tables and a bar. They serve Coke products, Gold Peak teas, wine, bottled beer and draft. I ordered the Lemongrass Chicken Tacos (3) for $8 and a Canebrake. Totally worth it! The guys behind the bar are pretty cool too. I will definitely be back for the tacos and I will eventually try some other menu items as well.Fharmacy was a very pleasant surprise!!! Me and my girlfriends are on a Staycation and playing tourists in a city we are all too familiar with. We decided to only eat in places none of us had ever been. We used Yelp to find a location nearby for a late lunch and this place had 5 stars. Well every star is absolutely accurate!!!! The Fharmacy was amazing, the lemon grass taco had flavor not found everywhere, Cajun fries strangely tasted like potato chips......delicious potato chips!! The wings were flavorful and tender. 
The staff was entertaining, attentive and hospitable!!! A real treasure in NOLA!! We will definitely be back and will tell the world about this hidden jewel!Ordered the Fharmacy Burger w/ Giardiniera. Moved to New Orleans 4 months ago and this is the best burger I've had since the move. Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere with multiple televisions. I'll definitely be back.I've been a few times now and I really like Fharmacy. They have a unique combination of traditional bar food like burgers, wings and boudin balls, with fancier stuff like mussels & frites, all with a Vietnamese twist woven through the menu. This is the kind of cultural mashup that makes New Orleans a great place to eat! My favorites are the Dr. Tan burger (no jalapeños because I'm a wimp and the fresh grilled jalapenos are really spicy), the wings, the meat pies, and the mussels & frites. Service is very friendly. Give them a try! You will not regret it.This place has the tastiest burgers I have ever had in my entire life.
I've had the Cali burger and the Dr. Tan burger. I don't eat pork, but they are very accommodating and let me alter my order.
They also have cajun fries on their menu; it's actually their own house-made seasoning. It must have thyme in it, and it is so delicious!
Last time I went I had also gotten the lemongrass wings. They were so good! I never finish my burgers or meals anywhere but their burgers are so good I can't leave a bite on my plate!
Go try it now!AMAZING! Service was phenomenal! Food was flawless! Boudin balls are a must! Would recommend to everyone and their mother! A must go to see for yourself how great this place really is!!!!!Great environment. Staff was friendly and service was great. Burger were fresh and tasty. Would recommend this to anyone craving for a burgerService: horrendous 
Food: cold
I can only review the food we did receive/ate, and that was my son's PB&J kids meal and the Cajun wings. It had good flavors, but the food was cold and was not fired at the right times. We did order two burgers, but after waiting 45 minutes after my son received his food, the burgers came out completely wrong. The waiter tried to say that we got an egg for free on one of the burgers. Smh just don't. We also didn't get refills or the beer we ordered. I had to get a refund on that... I understand being in the weeds, but it was a Wednesday at 6 pm with only five other tables. Whoever is managing this grill/bar needs to get the waitstaff in order. Like I said the food had good flavors, but when your waiter and cook are fighting about writing down orders then messing them up, it's time for a change. I don't think we will be coming back, which is a shame because the burgers looked good, but horrible service killed our visit.OMG - mind blown! The Boudin Balls were great .....but the DrTan burger ..... crazy delicious... I started to tweak it but ended up saying just do it like you should & I am SO happy & yes even the pickles are amazing!!!! Make this place stay folks!I only tried their burgers but damn it was good ! The burger is full of flavor and it is  really big . I usually don't like burgers but this place made it juicy. It has street parking that's the only suck part.!The place looks a little divey on the outside but inside is an air of happiness and fun. The employees are joking with each other while getting things done and the burgers are melt in your mouth good with my favorite kind of fries. It was a cool vibe and a cool place, I'll be back.Deceiving from the outside. Quant , amazing service and excellent food. We arrived around 11:30 am it was packed by 12 on a Thursday. My husband said it was the " best sandwich of his life" and he's old.Had an amazing experience here Friday 9/21/18. The staff is very friendly and the food is legit! 
We walked in and was promptly met with a welcoming staff member advising us to sit wherever we liked. We picked up seats at the bar and were quickly given menus. Good selection of beers and drinks. We both got Dr. Tan Burger with fried egg on top. One side of Cajun tater tots and the regular fries. I have to say I really enjoyed the Cajun tater tots the best, they are spicy but sweet at the same time :)  The burgers were cooked to perfection, you could tell it's not a frozen patty. All the components of the burger worked in harmony together. The service was amazing,  despite it being the end of the night. One of the part owners, and Chef Nguygen, was chatting us up about the restaurant and the rest of the crew was just as friendly and welcoming. They offered us a taste at their meat pies ( on the starter menu) and one of their very hot hot wings. Both were very flavorful and something I look forward to ordering in the future. Overall, I had a great experience, great burger, great service and atmosphere! Will definitely be back for more. Highly recommended for a great burger joint.My husband really enjoyed his burger but I didn't and it wasn't because of the taste, I just though it was too greasy . He also enjoyed the boudin balls. I also didn't like how the kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant because the smoke from the grill made it hard for me to breathe.Hands down the best burger in new Orleans. Nhat and chien run an incredible establishment. Happy hour every Mon-Wed 3 to close is not a bad perk as well. I'm here every week, and will continue to beItalian beef sandwich was da bomb!!! Must try it and the chicken tacos are amazing mussels on pointDr. Dan Burger and the Asian Mussels and Fries were so delicious. Best burger in town!My housemate and I go at least once a month! Service is always on point and the food never disappoints!The food was REALLY good!  I had the club sandwich and my wife had the burger, and the were both delicious.
The staff was so friendly and fun.  Can't wait to go back.Seriously one of the best restaurants I've been to. The staff here is also some of the nicest people I've ever met. BF and I went and were the only ones there and the staff talked to us like we were the best of friends. I got the Dr Seuss burger (avocado aioli, ham, and a fried egg - green eggs and ham) and it was amazing!!! BF got the lemongrass chicken wrap and it was to.die.for! The fries are also perfectly seasoned and crispy! Highly recommend!Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
I had the veggie wrap with spicy chips. It was DELICIOUS. Most veggie options in restaurants are bland, but this was full of flavor and really enjoyable. The Hubby got a burger and fries. He said the burger was good but the fries were cold which is a deal breaker for him. The setting is cool it's basically a bar that serves food, but it's pretty charming all the same.The sandwiches were great, but the service was so slooooow! It was outside the regular lunch hour, probably around 1:30pm, with only one other table occupied, but it took forever to get our sandwiches. Maybe I caught them on a bad day. Was it worth the wait, absolutely. Would dine here again, no problem.This is one of my favorite places to grab a causal dinner/drink with friends these days. Here's why:
Their burgers are so. darn. decadent. You just can't go wrong with them.
Optional gator tots do it for me every time.
Mussels and frites are the best things to share.
One word to the wise: be real, really careful with the optional heat upgrades to the wings. I'm pretty tough, and my husband is a spice monster, and even we had trouble getting through the Emergency Room wings. They're tasty if that's your jam, but don't say I didn't warn you!Great place for burgers and fries! We went with 4 people, ordered 4 different burgers, each of us were happy with our choice. The Fharmacy burger was fantastic. Definitely going back!GREAT burgers and atmosphere. I'm not a huge burger person either so this is saying a lot. Highly recommend!I love this place. It feels like Cheers and this is only our second visit. The food is OUTSTANDING. The people are wonderful.I can't say enough about this place. My favorite part is the staff (Chien, Nhat, Vincent, etc.), they are just great people. I stumbled upon Fharmacy after searching Yelp for somewhere new to try. I quickly became sort of a regular. The food is fan-freaking-tastic. I've been slowly working my way around the menu (wraps, mussels, burgers (Fharmacy Burger is a must), fries, etc.). Everything that I've tried has been good. The atmosphere is great and they will probably get tired of seeing my face there lol.Awesome food and a cool atmosphere. We were bored at our house one Saturday morning looking for a new place to eat and came across this place on Yelp and went for lunch. My fiancé had their chicken tacos and loved them and I had the Dr Tan Burger and it may have been the best burger I've had in New Orleans. Can't wait to go back soon.Great service. Phenomenal Cali burger (*actually* cooked medium). Fries were prefectly salted and cooked. Everything tasted amazing. Saw someone get the mussels and really want to try them now...I picked up a to-go order. The food was excellently prepared and delicious. Every single person that worked there greeted me. I really appreciate their politeness.THIS PLACE IS SO FREAKING GOOD! My friend is vegetarian and THEY HAVE OPTIONS. I had the Dr. Tan burger and I just loved the taste and how the spice kicked in. The service is splendid! 100% recommend!This is by far the one of the top restaurants to eat at in Mid-City. Fharmacy Nola's burgers are phenomenal. Their buns are freshly baked and their beef is ground in house daily. If you are a wing fan, you need to try the Red Dragon wings. This place is the bomb.First of all, believe everything you've ever heard about their burgers....they are all that and more!! Delicious moist meat and perfect buns. Their Vietnamese Lemongrass Wings are currently among my favorite things in the universe, and their regular hot wings are great as well. We sat outside (with a dog--yes, we are "those people"!!), and our waiter insisted on serving us. I must add that all their sausages are made in house...fine quality meats and the spices are on point. The prices are great as well. It's also a fun "hang time" place...always a fun atmosphere.The best food I have had in while. Everything is made inhouse, even the ground beef. Talked to the owner and he said it's all about honest food. No preservatives, etc. Everything had such a good and complex flavor. Absolutely amazing. One of the top 5 restaurants I've ever been to. I wish I lived here just for this place. We have the Asian mussels and fries and the fharmacy burger. I can't compliment both dishes enough.