Fried chicken was good, but service is slow and the cleanliness and atmosphere are mediocre at best. Conclusion: there are many other restaurants to visit in New Orleans, so unless you're craving fried chicken, go somewhere else.FAB-U-LOUS! Fried Chicken and Mac&Cheese
We were directed to this place by a local who recommended the fried chicken and mac&cheese.  The chicken was fried in love and the mac was dripping with cheese from heaven.  After 5 trips to New Orleans, I'm so sad I didn't know about this place before.  The fried pickles were also amazing as well as the red beans and rice and catfish.  This is a real down home, country cookin, home recipe type of place.
As for the decor/atmosphere...very laid back, homey and basic.  I loved the comfortable kick-back feel of this place.  I also liked the place's focus on food over flare.  Come in, enjoy great food and be comfortable.We had the worst possible meal ever.  First, the service was very slow.  I had pasta with chicken and my husband had pasta with sausage.  Not sure what kind of sausage it was but definitely NOT Italian!  Tasted like maybe chicken and not good.  My chicken was actually a piece of breaded, deep fried chicken breast on top of pasta and covered with tomato sauce.  When I bit into it, I didn't know what it was.  Actually it was mostly breading.  Pasta was overcooked and watery and I've had better tomato sauce at Denny's.  DO NOT EAT HEREBest bloody marys in nola with lots of pickeled veggies. Fried chicken was so good I went back 2 days in a row....and I'm a once every 5 year fried chicken eater. The shrimp and marinara pasta dish was also amazing. If your in a hurry go some place else. If you want to relax, have a good drink, people watch, and have some great food.....check this place out.The fried chicken was recommended.  However found it to be on the salty side for my taste. 
I did enjoy the fried dill pickles. 
Service was good. Our server gave us the heads up that there was a large party coming in so that we could get our order in and avoid a long wait for our food.Meh. Bathrooms were dirty; there was no soap or paper towels to dry hands. Drink came out with lipstick on the glass. Food was barely okay. The bisque came served in a plastic to go container and was lukewarm. Chips with feta and green onions weren't cooked long enough and the chips weren't crunchy at all. Muffuletta wasn't good at all either - left a weird taste in my mouth. I didn't want to eat anything for fear of getting sick.Why do French Quarter restaurants all look like neglected dumps?
This "cafe" is very dirty and smells of spoiled food and grease.
The carpets have not been cleaned in years.
The staff is sloven, indiffereent and preoccupied with all things other than food.
Sports television blares and dominates the dining room halting all conversation while the bartender watches indifferently.
The food, prepared with less care than food at the local prison, is dredged in black pepper or Tony's salt seasoning. Often the food does not fit the description in the menu.
The over-rated chicken (fried of grilled) is over-cooked and dry.
The kitchen is very slow and trys to hide indifferent preparation and bad practices.
No more Fiorella's Cafe for me.Cute little restaurant. Amazing fried chicken. The macaroni and cheese I got that day was a bit off, or maybe just bland? Wish I'd gotten the fries instead. Friends loved the fried pickles.I never write reviews but I am going to tell you, I am so compelled to write this one. I know many of you have already written a similar review so I will attempt to be direct.  DO NOT eat at Fiorella's. This one time great place changed hands after Katrina. They absolutely do not live up to the name they inherited. I swore once years ago I would not go back but I did. Stupid me.  We started off with the waitress informing us she was ill, she was to be off work but the other staff was not showing up for work. As we ordered we were informed after several visits to the kitchen that they were out of 1/3 the items on the menu. When we did order 3 of the 5 of us received our food the other two did not. The food was a sad attempt at what the menu had described. The thick cut pork chop on my buddy's plate looked like the leather sole of an old shoe. The red beans were awful. The Caesar salad was not a Caesar salad but had the Caesar dressing. They served our drinks in plastic "to-go" cups but we sat for dinner?? In the past they were known for their fried chicken. I wouldn't know because the two of us that ordered the chicken never received it. Three members of our party ate their meals because we were told it would be right out. Sadly they finished eating and we still had not been served our food. We finally got the attention of our sick waitress  who went to check again, that is when we were told they had given our food to another table.  I then informed the waitress that we would not be staying. She then told us that is like that all the time now, the place is total mess, just awful.   My partner went to the kitchen to speak to the manager who ignored him for ten minutes with a personal phone call then had no apology or resolution for the failure to provide service or food. After waiting over and hour, in a nearly unoccupied restaurant, we left without eating or paying for two of the meals.
Again, DO NOT go to Fiorella's.  I am making my mission to inform as many people as I can of this tragic place that lures folks in with a once reputable name.  They should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves.  DO NOT eat at Fiorella's!
This truely has to be the worst dining experience we have had!
If you want great Chicken got to Coop's Place across the street!!I love this place!  I was last there in 2005 with my husband, who is vegetarian, and he got some garlicky and oily veggie pasta dish, which he loved.  I believe I got a po' boy, which was of course great.  It was our first meal of the trip.
I think this is the place I used to go to for breakfast on weekends before going to the french market, and it was always great.  I never noticed it being dive-y, but I'm really used to dive-y places.I've heard about the fried chicken for years and today I found out it was as good as I had heard. My wife had shrimp and they were about as good as the chicken. Wow! We have a new entry on our list of regulars in the city.I had a hankering for fried chicken. I didn't have the time to go to Willie Maes, so I thought I'd try Fiorella's, which I heard had good fried chicken, and it was nearby.
It was the middle of the afternoon when we walked into the restaurant from the French Market. The restaurant was empty except for a table of four. None of the other tables had been bussed of leftovers, dirty plates and trash left behind by other patrons, so we sat at the least trashed table.
After a few minutes, a guy came over and advised us, "I just want to let you know, they are out of x, y, z (he named three of four basic items) and fried chicken". 
I asked whether they had something else. I had to laugh at his response, "Oh, I don't know. I don't work here. I just wanted to let you know so you could get out while you had a chance. We ordered food, that's the only reason why we're still here."
On our way out the door, I saw a half eaten plate of fried chicken on one of the tables that hadn't been bussed. "Somebody else had fried chicken". "Yeah", he said. "They left without paying".
Yikes. I don't know what was going on there. I could comprehend that level of discontent at 02:00 in the morning, not the middle of a Tuesday afternoon.Inconsistent - first time we went, got a catfish shrimp platter, piled high, couldn't even finish it, second time, ordered the same platter, food barely covered the bottom of the plate, still hungry when done...
Fried chicken was great both times, and I know they cook to order, glad for that, don't mind waiting, first time normal wait about 30 min, second time, it took 45 minutes and the place was empty and waitress gave no indication there was any issues.
Obviously my second trip there wasn't great, but it was so bad, I doubt I try it again - especially since I contacted the place about my experience and they never replied.  Fail.i was sent here by my tour guide. i told him i was on the hunt for some really good fried chicken. he said that he always goes to fiorella's. i was not disappointed! the fried chicken is crispy and juicy. it's so nice being in a city where the hot sauce is plentiful too! i would get the fried chicken again, but the fried green tomatoes, not so much. also, i noticed that they closed last year due to a fire, but according to their website, they are back up and running!This will be short and sweet. Yes, the service is slow, yes, it is kind of old and ugly. But I have never had better fried chicken anywhere!I didn't look through all the reviews here, but from a decent scan I see that the majority of the people impressed by this place were not from New Orleans or Louisiana. Yes there are some, but I even question if those people are transits and haven't lived here long enough to know better or happened to grow up with a Mom that couldn't cook worth a crap.  What a shame.  Well, take it from a true New Orleanian that has better food in so many other places that this place, you should not waste one meal here.  There are so many better options.  This place is right by the French Market amongst so many tourists.  It's easy to stumble upon and obviously easy to impress people who are not accustomed to the excellent culinary the Gulf South region has to offer. I take it as my duty to inform you travelers of some mighty fine dining spots in New Orleans. Ready my reviews if you want to know where the good grub is. You will not be disappointed with my suggestions.  You might not ever leave here either! My entire family on both sides are culinary geniuses so I happen to know what great food tastes like. This place was much better before the original owners sold it. This has been many years ago now and it hasn't been up to par since the new owners acquired the place.  Also, when the new owners first took over, I requested a simple substitution to swap out one vegetable side for another. They refused. I was willing to pay a dollar or two to make the substitution, but wasn't given that option.  This was so surprising to me that I was in the South at that moment. Usually people down South are very hospitable and will bend over backwards to make sure you enjoy your meal.  This was unacceptable in my standards of customer appreciation.We LOVED this place. We had been traveling all day and didn't eat and just wanted a place to chill and get some great fried chicken. The drinks were strong, the servers were nice, and the chicken was amazing!!!!! We both got the white meat pieces with red beans and rice. It was super good. We also got fried pickles. Really delicious. It also wasn't very busy either which was great because we needed a chill atmosphere after traveling.About as good as fried chicken gets, imho. The red beans and rice are also quite good and some of the best I've had while in NOLA.Kind of divey atmosphere but staff was nice. Red beans & rice are best I've had, fried chicken crispy & flavorful. Gumbo was good too & worth tasting, thinner than I prefer though.Yes, the chicken is pretty good, though not as good as it was a few years ago. It's now more like Popeye's, but fresher tasting. However, be aware this place is now filthy. The men's room is disgusting, one the worst in New Orleans (okay, not as bad as the Maple Leaf bar, but then what is?). Wife said the women's restroom is no better. What's more, the restrooms adjoin the kitchen, and they share the same filthy floor. I hate to think of the vermin this filth must attract. Also, the NOLA Blonde draft beer I had was way cloudy and tasted funky. Sad, as I have eaten here off and on for years:  no more.Came here just as a walk by, did not check any reviews or anything. It was a decent cafe style place with a full bar of course (what place in NOLA doesn't have a full bar?) We were seated promptly and that is where the service issues began. It was slow to say the least. It was not even crowded.
We were not given menus for a few minutes and it took our drinks a long time to come out. They also forgot one of our drinks after all of that. We had the gumbo which was pretty good.
Again, it took literally 12 minutes after we asked for the bill for it to come. I wish I could speak of other things besides the service, but unfortunately, it was the theme of the night here.always good. always a table. cool servers. ok beer selection. great food. po-boy bread delicious. tv for games. good ole divey feelin.I didn't eat here. I had drinks here, we were trying to enjoy ourselves, but who can do that when the NBA finals are on everynight? We stopped in here because I noticed the flat screen and the game on. We had a few drinks and left. 
There were quite a few people who stopped in for the chicken and they all seemed pleased. It looks like a shack though so be prepared.Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. I also had some red bean and rice, which was good, and came with my chicken meal. But this chicken was hands down the best I've ever had. You will wait a little to get it, as everything is cooked to order, so if it is busy, I imagine it could take a while. We went when there were plenty of open tables, and I think our chicken still took a good 20 minute to come out once we order. That beind said, it was worth every minute we waited, and even several more.
Go!Went on a sunny Sunday afternoon through the French Market entrance, there was an old local lady there who said she eats there all the time so we figured that was a good sign. Got the 6-piece fried chicken and it came with a small bowl of red beans & rice. The chicken pieces were pretty large, even the wings. It was crispy and had a bit of spice to it. We thought we'd have to order more sides but it was plenty enough for two of us. Ordered with a side of coffee and the bill came up under $20! Pretty awesome as we usually have to spend more to be full. The service was quick and friendly. I'd recommend this place.DELICIOUS fried chicken! The best fried chicken I had in New Orleans during my one-week stay. My husband ordered the fried catfish po'boy, which was really big and came with a heap of fries. I ordered the six-piece chicken basket (which, of course, I shared with my husband). Unfortunately, they ran out of rice and beans during the time we went, so I had to order to mashies instead. I wasn't a big fan of the mashies-- they were a bit chunky and the gravy wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Nonetheless, the fried chicken was to die for! They cook it hot and fresh only after you order it. The outside is perfectly seasoned and fried to a golden crisp, and the inside is so juicy! YUmmmmm.... I'm craving some right now.
There weren't too many restaurant patrons when we went inside the restaurant ( around 11:30am). In fact, there was only one other guy sitting two tables away from us. I'm glad it was this way because it just so happens that he was a New Orleans native and had all the ins and outs of the town. We learned about the krewe du vieux parade, which we ended up going to and having a blast; and, we learned about various restaurants, shops, and other attractions that locals love to spend time with. He was such a helpful guy. OUr waitress and the other waiter actually joined in on the conversation. Pretty much everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and talking to each other. The waitress ended up inviting me and my husband to a party (we didn't go as we didn't have time), but we thought it was a thoughtful gesture. 
My overall experience at Fiorella's was great! The food was delicious, the service was friendlier than friendly, and I learned a lot about New Orleans and the perks of the city while spending time at Fiorella's. The only thing is, if you want to go to a livelier atmosphere, don't go here during the day. You might find that you wil be the only one in the restaurant. If you want to have a nice conversation with locals and satisfy your fried chicken craving at 11:00am-- go here.Food: In my wife's words..... The best fried chicken I've had in years. In my words....... Awesome everything. 
Service: Friendly and accommodating. Balcony seating upon request and you should definitely request it. The view up here is great. 
Drinks: Strong and delicious. 
You NEED to eat here. This will complete your visit in New Orleans.Hahaha this place is horrible. It is funny how this place sells pasta, and its the most horrible and disgusting. My wife ordered a po boys, they descent if the waiters stop smoking what ever they are smoking, dont get me started with the service.....We were in New Orleans for the week and decided to order some fried chicken for delivery.  I was skeptical based on Yelp reviews (seriously, a resident New Orleanian NEEDS to make a 'decent delivery' list), but we ordered anyway.  Got the greek salad, spinach and artichoke dip, and six piece fried chicken.  The delivery arrived in about an hour.  The salad was DRENCHED in dressing- DRENCHED.  I think they forgot the artichoke in the cold spinach and artichoke dip, and the fried chicken was nothing THAT great (serz peepz, hit up Nashville for GOOD fried chicken).  Overall, completely underwhelmed and a little pissed that I gave an inch of my waistline to this place.I had fried chicken and mashed potatoes. The service was terrible; the waitress was not friendly and was very distracted. My chicken took a very long time to arrive, and honestly, I have had better. The potatoes were not great either. Honestly, I wouldn't waste your time.Southern Hospitality? Waitress greeted us, took drink orders and never came back. When I asked another waiter about it, he said he'd check, but never returned either. Sorry I may be visiting, but I'm not some chump tourist.Oh my.  What a fantastic dump of a restaurant.  So glad this place hasn't been all gussied up.  It may look ugly inside but the staff if so great and the food is delish. I had the shrimp étouffe which was not traditional cajun style but delicious nevertheless. My dining parter is vegetarian was the staff was able to accommodate with a fried pickle po'boy. Amazing! Only downside with the margarita specials.  They took forever to be delivered and had almost not booze in them so what's the point even?Fiorella's is a great place to eat.
Even though I had eaten here before it was even better than other times. The cost for lunch, all you can eat Fried Chicken on Lunch Special for $8.95 and they let me at at a table by myself.
While not fancy, not a designer restaurant it is typically New Orleans, good food and nice people.
I tried to eat across the street at Coops but was basically told to eat elsewhere as singles are not allowed to eat at tables only the bar.
Coop's be ashamed, many travelers are singles and older who will refuse to eat at a bar on backless stools.
I highly recommend Fiorella's Cafe as a great restaurant. If you are looking for classy white linen service you are at the wrong place. If you want great food and, for me, excellent service. Fried chicken cooked to order is not fast just hot and good.A friend asked me to join him for his birthday in New Orleans. This was his choice.  
I had a craving for fried pickles when I saw them on the menu, but I'm always wary of fried foods in new places because I'm allergic to canola oil.  I asked the waitress what oil they fried foods in and she didn't know.  Oh darn, no pickles. She didn't stop there though, next I knew, the chef was out speaking to me about the reason for my question, checked the oil container and assured me there was no canola oil in the restaurant. I could eat anything!
The fried pickles were very good, but the dipping sauce was a little bland. The gumbo and étouffée however, were amazing.  The drinks were fantastic and the waitstaff remained helpful, interesting and attentive throughout dinner.  The prices for dinner were well below what I expected for the quality and service.
I cannot wait for a chance to go back4 stars is all for the food.  Well, mainly for their fried chicken.  Their crab and corn gumbo deserves a honorable mention. 
First time to have real southern fried chicken and have no other to compare to, but, it was pretty damn good!  As my friend said "the best hot crispy juicy southern fried chicken she's ever eaten"! And she's from down south.
Came on a Thursday night and found it was 2 for 1 cocktails AND a live band playing.  Music, good food and 2 for 1 cocktails, I'm a happy gal!
Not sure if I would dine in again.  Place was not very clean.  Tables, seats and menu had a yucky sticky feeling.  But, once the drinks and food came, we forgot about our uncomfortableness.  Definitely want their chicken again and the next time will be take out (or outdoor sidewalk dinning)! :)The Southern Fried Chicken is AWESOME!  They fry it up only when you place the order but it is well worth the wait!!!  Perfectly fried, juicy and well seasoned.  The baked mac & cheese was ok.  The grilled pork chop platters was also delicious.  It was tender, juicy and full flavor.MMMM...  Fiorella's has some of the best food I had in NOLA.  But they get the five stars because not only was the food plate lickin' good, the prices were CHEAP.
We found Fiorella's listed in one of those tourist magazines and figured why not give it a try?  Well, it took us forever and a day to find it, because for some reason the restaurant was hidden behind one of those industrial size dumpsters.  Yeah, really.  The place was hidden by trash.
And when we walked inside the dark, dusty and empty restaurant I started to have second thoughts about being adventurous and trying something new.  Well, it's a good thing I ignored those second thoughts, because man the food was GOOD.
Corazon already posted about the food we ate, because she was one of our group of three that ate there, but I will say that my favorite was her cousin's jambalaya.  I think I ate more of her food than mine.  Not that my food was bad, but man was that jambalaya good.  And I don't even like spicy food.
What I loved more about this place is that it seems like it's more for locals than tourists.  And it so confirms the saying that the best food is found in the dumpiest places.  The service was slow, but hey, you're in the South.  Why are you in a hurry?
When a friend recently asked me what I'd do first if won the lottery, I said I'd get a plane ticket to NOLA and eat at Fiorella's.  That's how much I can't wait to go back!Ozzing with atmosphere, albeit a little on the divey side, this eatery serves Italian dishes New Orleans style - that is with a touch of Cajun and Creole.
Atmosphere       80    Interesting and in an active part of town
Service              75    They cared
Food                 75     A change of pace from the rest
Value                75     About right for what you get.
Big portions, although not necessarily a plus, highlight this eatery. If you need to get away from that Cajun-Creole drum roll in the area this might be a find.My friends came to town and landed at this place, that I would never go to, as I have been disappointed Numerous times. The shrimp ettoufee was completely inedible . Everything was way to salty.After walking along the market, we spotted this place after hearing a few raves from one of my friends and decided to stop in to have some lunch. We were not dissapointed in the least. I had some boiled shrimp and she had a crawfish salad. It was small, but very busy and crowded which i always think is a good thing because that means it's loved by so many. I will come back here on another trip!Known for their fried chicken.  It is worth the wait.  They make everything as it is ordered to ensure freshness.  The chicken was hot, crispy and juicy.  Even the thick cut fries were great.  I'd eat here again, and again, and again...The fried chicken is the best. All made to order so take your time. Other foods - not so impressive unfortunately.Good chicken at a great price. I got the 6pc box with beans and it was better than anything I've gotten at Popeyes or Church's. Piping hot juicy very good, this my become my chicken run.My husband has loved Fiorella's for years -- it's a must on every visit to NOLA -- but I've always been lukewarm on it  at best.
The service seemed slow and brusque, food mediocre, lights too bright, and one night while we were waiting waiting waiting for menus, a giant cockroach nearly crawled across my foot and I was done.
BUT WAIT! There's a happy ending.
We went this spring, because John loves it and I love John, and I don't know if they changed or I did but I'm loving Fiorella's.
The corn & crab bisque is amazing. I had a seared tuna steak that was sushi grade and done so perfectly for I think $12.95. (If you're in NOLA long enough, sometimes you have to push away from the crawfish and oysters ...)
And the fried chicken is so so good that I'm (mostly) vegetarian and I finished my husband's last piece.
We've had some really attentive, friendly service this year and though the food's still on the slow side, I'm happy to wait when it's this good. Especially if we can score one of those magical sidewalk tables.
Fiorella's, you have won me over.big abita beer.. 
...fried chicken was.. well ok i guess....
.. a cockroach crawled up my leg here..Two stars for the local beers. The food was absolutely disgusting. The gumbo was an onion soup with a few sausage chunks and one shrimp. The fried green tomatoes were drenched in mayo sauce and enough grease to float on top of the soggy tomatoes. The kids fried chicken consisted of two soggy oil drenched pieces. As I said- good beer to wash down barely edible food.Came here for a semi-late dinner.  We had to wait a half hour for our food and when it arrived it was all cold-lukewarm (except for the fries).  I want to give this place another chance, though, as I thought the flavors seemed good and the price was right.I didn't have any food, but the drinks were horrible. I had the black and gold hurricane, and it was the worst drink I had in New Orleans. Not really a great spot for tourists if you don't want to be bad mouthed by the drunken locals. 
It was a stop on one of the haunted tours, historically it served as a brothel, which was pretty cool. Other than that I don't have any positives about this place, except that the staff were relatively friendly and speedy.The fried chicken was awesome. The po boy wasn't the best I have had, but it was solid. My only complaint would be that they were out of half the menu while we were there.Awful. Waited an hour for two salads and a gumbo, half way through we had to tell the waitress what we had ordered again (obviously had not been given to the kitchen yet) and when the food arrived the salads were warm and it's not even busy, go somewhere else!This place rules! We came in after lunch for "one" drink, and thanks to the amazing Bartender Jerry, we ended up having about 5, and also rearranging our plans for the following day to come back and have lunch. The fried chicken is so good I want to cry just thinking about it. I recommend sitting at the bar if Jerry is working... He will make sure you leave happy (and maybe a little drunk). He makes a FANTASTIC Bloody Mary, and if you are feeling brave ask him for a Bloody Jerry... Trust me.Well let's just say, Fiorella's has better nights. We started with one waitress and ended up with a waiter. She decided to go home. Apparently writing things down as a they are ordered is too difficult as a waiter. I'm live two blocks away. Let's say this is the last chance I'm giving this place. You hire inept employees you, unsatisfactory reviews will follow.  As we ordered and ask questions our waiter was, well quick, to snip a response. What's your soup du jour? You say it's one that's already on the menu? Well, that's not really a soup of the day that's just a soup you already have prepared, or the lazy way of not preparing a soup of the day!  Secondly, if the waiter messes up the order, "I can't have carbs" and I order accordingly, and you bring out nothing like I ordered please don't be surprised by this review. Secondly, a manager came out and tried to tell me you can't serve liver and onions with out gravy! Actually you can. Just dont out he gravy on it. Admit your mistake and fix it. I ordered no potatoes or gravy, the item I ordered doesn't require that to be consumed, so why tell me it does? Liver seems to go down with out gravy just fine, why would argue with a guest? Management doesn't need to discuss why I can't have gravy. Just serve what I ordered the way I ordered it. Would you argue with someone whom has a peanut allergy. I can't have white flour. Don't serve me what I haven't ordered and tell me that it was made wrong, here you go enjoy. That seems, well, not truly customer satisfactory! Everyone has a day and let's just hope today was yours. Either way the one star was well deserved. Til next timeAmazing fried chicken, chicken and sausage gumbo and crab cakes! Yum!! Would eat here again and again. Authentic local cuisine!We've been coming here a long time now. Yes the wait is usually 30 min long to fry your chicken but our last visit we waited over an hour to get our food when the two groups that came in after us already had theirs on the table. Disappointing.
Our server was very new to the serving game. It was pretty apparent when she gave us a flat coke and when we mentioned it was flat and she suggested a Dr. Pepper. I said, "well honey if it's flat, they're all gonna be flat, you need to change the C02 out for the whole fountain." She was dumfounded and said, "huh, what's that and how do I do that?" I told her to ask her manager I'm sure she could get a quick lesson. She brought us a flat Dr. Pepper anyways. Silly girl.
We waited and waited and waited for our beloved fried chicken. I mentioned the wait time to our server and she didn't charge us for the side of veggies. That was nice. 
Like always the chicken was amazing. So crispy & light. I wish they could overnight it to me. They changed the mac n cheese recipe to one that uses Velveeta now instead of Cheddar. Horrible I know, but I like the way it tastes now. Call me crazy.Down to earth people and I love this place... The people make it better... They even suggest a Tout which we have decided to do...  The best Fried Chicken..I hope my people's join and support our locals. From Giddget and TAM...DC and BostonWe love this place. The fried pickles are to die for, and the best chicken in the French quarter. We've been coming here for years and we love it. Expect a wait, or call your order in before you show up. It's worth the waitOur college aged kids went during the labor day weekend and they had fried chicken, red beans and rice and would eat again. Not "Willie Mae's Scotch House" good  but still good enough to warrant a return visit. Service left much to be desired but still a sold dining option.With the goal of finding the best fried chicken in the French quarters of new oeleans this place was pretty good. I would give overall 3/5 for overall experience.
We ordered the 3 dark meat fried chicken with rice and beans, shrimp poboy, and chicken gumbo soup.
Fried chicken: 4/5 stars 
Juicy chicken, good spice, not drenched in oil, meaty, would have liked the gross fat parts to be trimmed a little, but I just ripped it off.
Shrimp poboy: 3/5 stars
 Ehh...Nothing special. Good amount of fried shrimp however no sauce to really eat with it. It was listed to have a spicy mayo, but when asked for sauce I got ranch and cocktail suace. Bread seemed old, cut the roof of my mouth. Otherwise shrimp seemed fresh, no foul taste. 
Chicken gumbo: 1/5 stars
Had 1 spoonful, wanted to stop, gave it a second chance 1/2 way through the meal with another taste...no go. It was salty and just bad. It was salt water cooked over and over with new rice added since the rice did not soak in any of the soup. The sausage and chicken was likely cooked/ reheated over and over in the soup. It was tough and rubbery. I had to spit it out. 
Cleaniness of the restaurant 1/5 stars.
Dirty dirty, sticky, etc. 
Overall 2/5 if you average the score. The gumbo really brought  it down. If it is not good, then don't list the food or say you are out of it. 
Eat outside if you want to stay for food. 
Next time I would just get the fried chicken to go.
Hopes this helps.The fried chicken was excellent. Also had the fried pickles which were a little on the tart side for my likes. In fact, it was so tart that I confused them to be extremely too salty. The red beans and rice were phenomenal. Shrimp poboy, not their star attraction. Service was incredibly nice and friendly.The Eggplant chips are a meal onto themselves!  And they are greatness!  Beyond those, the meatball pasta and chicken parmesan were decent enough.  Not quite memorable, however.  The main attraction is of course sitting out front - on Decatur st. - while enjoying some red sauce and a beer.  Location is everything!this place is a dive, but let me tell you, it has the best fried chicken I've ever had, and the mac. & cheese was to die for.   good portions for a heck of a cheap price.  hands down this place rocks for the food and priceThis is a dive bar with a restaurant attached. If you are a fried chicken fiend, with a high tolerance for rude service, then I highly suggest you come here. 
I am such a fiend, and I did enjoy their fried chicken quite a bit. Though, now that I have the knowledge that they deliver, I think I have found the perfect solution to their service.Food was not that good and upstairs bathroom toilet was backed up with feces. And no soap. Only kudos is friendly server.If I could rate this place zero stars I would. We waited over an hour for our food and it came to a point where we paid for our drinks and left. Manager was extremely rude and did not seem to care about her customers. 
Don't waste your time coming here there are better places to go.I'll keep it simple. Small dive-ish restaurant in the French Quarter on Decatur St. Both husband and I came for the fried chicken. It did not disappoint and neither did the red beans and rice we got with the chicken. It was delicious, crispy, juicy, tasty and the red beans and rice were bangin!
Here's the thing, the service was sloooow and often times seemed non-existent. The servers were nice and courteous, just painfully slow. We saw at least one couple leave the restaurant because no one came to take their order, not even a drink order.This is a fried chicken and service review only. There comes a point when it's hard to compare great food 1 to 1. So I will put it this way....the fried chicken is a damn tasty here. Not sure where to place in the pantheon of greats ...but it's there. As a bonus the service is great and employees are engaging and friendly.It really is a dive but with great food. 2nd time here and I again enjoyed their corn crab bisque and fried chicken. It was really good and worth the effort to come here.
Yelp has the wrong address. The main entrance is on Decatur not French Market Pl which is their back door.If po' boys in n'awlins all were I had to eat for the rest of my life, consider me broke and living street-side. However if I passed by Fiorella's in the future, i might save up my cup 'o change and keep moving. 
The local Fodor's guide directed us to three potential spots for killer sloppy sandwiches: Johnny's, Mother's and this joint. We considered Johnny's, but our guide said they were 'inconsistent' and Fiorella's was better. Shows how much I should smack myself for not just yelping it first...
Fiorella's looks more like an old italian restaurant than a cajun joint (hmmm, like let's start with the name?)- but I guess that's not out of the ordinary in the Big Easy. It's also not the cleanest place you'll ever eat at - but yet again, when there's items like 'dirty rice' on the menu, I don't expect my cajun to be pristine either. 
Overall, the po boys were decent - just hugely bread-heavy with obviously packaged rolls. Considering the ratio, an extra addition of dressing (aka lettuce, tomato, sauce) would have been appreciated. The boy got the 'famous' fried chicken which he claims was 'serious', except his side of mashed potatoes and gravy was also 'seriously instant'. Bleh. I mean really, I know this isn't Idaho, but we can't boil real potatoes around here?
I like the fact that all the food is made-to-order, even despite the wait, but in the end, I might just take a number at Johnny's and hope the equivalent wait equals a po boy that knocks my socks off. 
Then again, Johnny's gets the verdict tomorrow...Very disappointing experience. 
We walked into this restaurant happy and left hungry and frustrated like sad little orphans. The one star I give should be attributed solely to the charming Brit who served us our waters. Other than that, disappointing all around. 
1. After chatting amongst ourselves for about 10 minutes with no service or greeting, we had to ask at the bar whether it was counter service or if they had a member of their waitstaff to send over. 
2. The charming Brit left his station behind the bar to help us and we got drinks with no problem. After this, it went downhill like a skier in the Olympics. 
3. The Brit took our order for a few po boys some jambalaya and 2 starters. 40 minutes later we asked for the food to go because we had a tour scheduled we had to get to. We also asked for the check. 
4. 10 minutes after that, no food or check. I realized they never brought starters so I asked for those to be removed from the check. 
5. The waitstaff said they had to ask the manager. They couldn't find him. 
6. 10 minutes after that, still no check or food. So, it was an hour... No starters, no food, no check and our 2nd waiter started getting huffy that we were asking questions.
7. We finally offered $23 for our drinks and said forget the whole thing. 
8. It's gonna be one hungry and hungover gator tour.It isn't on the menu, but they will make a fried pickle po'boy with a lime mayo sauce. Try it with the potato salad.This has to be one of the worse places to dine in NOLA!   My friends and I sampled many different items which other than fried chicken were very non descript and of poor quality.  Dinners were served at different times for everyone.  Service was marginal and they had no white wine of any vintage.  Bar tender comped a drink because they were out of so many i
tems. On a scale of 1-10 I would give it a weak 2.The fried chicken with a Side of red beans and rice was some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. My daughters meal came with a side of Mac and cheese. We needed to order a second helping because all the adults nibbled so much of it the first time. The basil shrimp appetizer was wonderfully seasoned. I highly recommend. Best place I ate at tho trip to New Orleans.Fried Chicken!  Yes!  The nice and crispy breading protects the juicy meat awaiting your taste buds.  Be patient though.  YOU WILL WAIT as your chicken is cooked to order and Fiorella's can be busy at any time of the day.  Top off your chicken order with a side of mac n' cheese.
Simple casual environment.  Good home cookin'.Walked in with about 15 of us for lunch this past Friday and were seated right away. A couple of our friends walked by Fiorella's the day before a suggested we try it, being rated one of the best fried chicken establishment's in NOLA. Both the waitress and waiter that were both helping our large group were not only very helpful but also friendly and entertaining. 
Most of us ordered gumbo and one of the chicken combinations. The chicken was very crunchy and tasty, seeing as I'm a texture girl I do love how crunchy the chicken was and stayed throughout the meal. The gumbo was also good. It seems that every restaurant you go into, they'll claim they have the best gumbo so of course it was hard for us to not order it. They were also attentive enough make sure to top our drinks off every time they came by especially the mimosas!We stopped here because Coop's was really busy.  However, we came with high hopes. The serves was awful. We waited first for our drinks, then forever for our food. Yet it gets better. All, but one order was wrong and there were only 4 of us!  So, well my friend ate, the other three just watched. Next up was the other dinners which, were still wrong!  So they remade them again while we waited for another half hour. About the food OK, but at this point anything would have tasted good. This place was small with about 10 tables.  This was the day before Mardi Gras. Who wants to spend there first evening sitting in dive. If it is going  to take two hours to eat, make it French or good Cajun.  Lots of good places to eat on this town. So I would skip this one!The shrimp etouffe knocked my socks of. Best fried chicken I have ever had in a restaurant. Same deal with the red beans and rice. I was disappointed by the gumbo. It just didn't pop, and had a weird citrus note. The red sauce that came with our bread was killer. The server was friendly and took good care of us. The place is grungy inside, like a lot of the places around here. I definitely will go back.I went to Fiorella's for a quick lunch to take home. I grabbed two po-boys but when I got home to my surprize their was fried chicken in the box. Being that I live literally right around the corner I tracked back around to them smiling and laughing that I brought the chicken back so quickly cause the owner of the chicken was standing there lol. But anyways I got my po-boys and went on back home. The roast beef po-boy was delicious but I couldnt get my mind off the smell of the chicken WONDERFUL.... So I made it about two days with my mind still thinking about the chicken.  I couldn't shake it.
So that day I was looking at some of the great antique shops and just happened by Fiorella's again. This time I ordered the 3 Piece Chicken and Mac and Cheese. The Chicken was everything you wanted in chicken. Prolly the best fried chicken I have had.Some friends and I really wanted fried chicken so we ended up here- it ended up being a great decision. The place has been described as kind of a dive, and I guess that'd be hard to disagree with. But I was there for the food which was excellent. It takes a while for an order of fried chicken, which they'll tell you. But just grab a pint of NOLA blonde and relax. 
Our server was Taz and she was the exactly what we needed- a spunky and fun personality we looked forward to seeing each time she came back to the table. 
A far as service goes, Taz was as good as it gets. After a few pints, she recommended I try the FEMA hurricane, a dangerously delicious concoction. 
If you need good home food and a drink, come here, hands down.I would not recommend this place at all. The service was horrible. After waiting for half an hour for our food, the waitress comes over and asks us what were our orders. We had to wait more than half an our more to get our food. The food wasn't bad, but either great, so I'm sure there are better places around this area.Probably the best fried pickles and fried chicken I've ever had. The pickles were hot, salty, briny, and coated in what tasted like cool-ranch doritos. The chicken was moist and tender with an incredible fried crust. HUGE portions. The waiters did not mind that we had brought to-go cups from Pat O'Brien's. The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but the food definitely makes up for the lack of ambiance. Friendly service and worth the "wait" that our server warned us of (it was barely 15 minutes!). Definitely recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.Had the fried chicken with red beans and rice.  The chicken was fresh, excellent combo of juicy and crunch, otherwise a pretty standard fried chicken.  I would order again, but definitely would need some spice or something unique to be the best.  Red beans and rice were killer. I'd order the red beans and rice with the pork chop if I were going back right now.The fried chicken was good, but the corn and crab bisque was a bowl of cream. There were no pieces of crab or corn. The chicken gumbo was so-so and had chicken bones in it. The red beans and rice were mushy. 
The floor in the restaurant was extremely sticky.It's a sad day when one of your favorite haunts changes so drastically.  What used to be the perfect refuge from busy French Market traffic is now just a tourist trap.  The fried chicken isn't so good that you should have to suffer terrible service.  I'd rather wait on the curb in front of Willie Mae's for an hour for awesome chicken then be ignored at Fiorella's.  Our waitress left before she brought our drinks (we think it was to get a fix), ignored us when she returned and then plead that it "wasn't her fault" when we decided to leave 75 minutes after arriving with no food on the table.  Sad but true.3 stars instead of one simply for the service and I mean the kindness of everyone, definitely unit the speed. We waited at least 30 minutes for our food, shrimp Alfredo and lasagna. Our waiter Paul (such a sweetheart) came out and checked on us and advised us it should be out soon so at least he didn't leave us hanging. 
While eating my friend felt her good was salty, said she says that every time. Tasted it and it tasted fine to me. My lasagna was like a meat pie. I didn't really get any layers of cheese in between or anything. THEN I discovered a nice big chunk of uncooked pasta. Anybody who makes lasagna knows there's an option for "oven ready" pasta which is hard and uncooked but gets cooked by the sauces and such when you put everything together and put it in the over. Yea. Not this particular chunk I had. Then my friend said she coidknt eat the rest. She was actually starting to get a headache. I said don't waste the shrimp jokingly and grabbed one. SAAAALLLTTTYYYY omg it was the shrimp spreading that salt all over the pasta. Then to top it off, I found a piece of shell in the shrimp. I told Paul who apologized, promptly took the plates and the manager came over, apologized as well, said it was unacceptable and took care of it. So yay to them taking care of the problem but at the same time they created it. I was just happy I didn't have to fight or argue about it. So hospitality saves them from one star. If you go, just get the chicken lol everyone else seemed to be happy with it!If you're in a hurry, this is not the place for you.  They even post it on the wall.  We enjoyed the fried chicken and it was oh so good!! It was piping hot and crispy. I tried  red beans and rice for the first time here.  I'm not a huge fan of beans.  It had a good smoky flavor.  Not something I would have all the time, but I think if you're a red beans and rice fan, you'd enjoy Fiorella's Cafe.  
The service was good. She was friendly and I believe the owner was there too. She was friendly and spoke freely with us from behind the bar.   
If you're in the mood for fried chicken, this is your spot!Walked in from the French market needing to find a bathroom and instead found an amazing place!!I see all of the bad reviews and I have to come and leave my 2 cents. This place is a hole in the wall, but has the best fried chicken and red beans and rice you will eat in NOLA. Better than Willie Mae's!! Everything is made from scratch and the sign on the wall tells you that it is not fast food and your food will take time. I am hoping they open after the recent fire, because I can't see myself going anywhere else when I am in town. The servers are always new, so the service is not the best, but to be honest, I don't go anywhere in New Orleans for their great service, I go for the food!Terrible experience. Bartender , I guess that's what he was, took our order in the main part of the etablishment. 30 minutes later when no one had said a word to us or asked for anything to drink, the bartender came back out and said they lost our order ? We told we were now pressed for time as we had an appointment scheduled. No problem be out in 10 minutes, he said. 20 minutes later and no food we had to leave . Bartender didn't seem real empathetic , said sorry I will comp your 2 Bloody Marys.Based on the cheap decor, typically slow southern lack of customer service, and total lack of cleanliness I would rate this place a 1 or 2 star place.  Our food was so good I want to give it a 5 star, but the other things DO matter.  
The restaurant needs a deep cleaning and the staff needs to learn the basics of customer service.  Since we are in New Orleans, I expected the slow, lazy service that we received. I have learned that it's not worth getting worked up about that here anymore, just count on it. The place is very dirty though.
Okay, why would I give this place a decent rating? Our food was simply awesome.  Our fried chicken was crispy on the outside, hot and juicy on the inside. This chicken was SO good, it largely redeemed the faults of this place. My friends had the baked macaroni and said they liked it.  The chicken strips were very good, but I wish there was something besides ranch or barbecue sauce for dipping.They originally told us that they were out of red beans and rice, but then said they had it. The red beans and rice were okay. I'll be back, but just for a couple of pieces of chicken.Yummy fried chicken!!!
Not sure what else they have, but the fried chicken is AWESOME!  I don't think I could order anything else at this point.  =]
Crispy, juicy, delicious... what more do you need?  GO NOW!Omg!!! Can I tell ya'll how amazing this food is!!! We ate like royals for not a lot of dough. We tried the red beans and rice with sausage, I had a shrimp poboy and baby had the fried chicken and fries. The fried chicken is so big and juicy, with a perfectly crisp crunchy coating!!! The fries are equally awesome. Crisp with a soft hot inside! The shrimp poboy was plum and seasoned so beautifully! I want to make my home in the red beans and rice! A heaping portion of creamy rich beans and soft fluffy rice with a crisp hot sausage!!!! What!!!! So warm and filling I can still feel the sweet sizzle of spice on my lips! The place is fun, really nice staff, and great food! You should come here. Now!I know you're supposed to eat authentic Nawlins food when visiting there but sometimes you need a little break. 
Fried chicken was delicious! They play cute music ranging from oldies-modern. Waitress was a sweetheart. 
Moderate prices and very good service. A good place to go with your family or some friends as the portions are all fairly big and easy to share. Definitely check it out, I loved it!It's still good!
Just got back from my first trip to New Orleans since Hurricane Katrina - and since I posted my last review of Fiorella's.  After reading the more recent reviews, I was worried that the place wouldn't live up to my memories.  Boy am I glad I was wrong!
We got there around 6pm on a Sunday evening (after landing at the airport around 4:45pm) and walked in the door off French Market Place.  Once again, just like last time, there wasn't a soul in the place.  The tables and chairs were different.  There was now a balcony on the second floor instead of just a door that led nowhere.  And there was no industrial dumpster in front of the building.  Actually, the place seemed in better condition than it was before Katrina.
One of the guys in the kitchen told us to walk through to the other side of the restaurant - which we didn't even know existed - and opens up to Decatur.  Here we found a few other patrons enjoying their dinners.  
We nervously proceeded to order the fried chicken (of course!) with mac n cheese, deep fried pickle chips and a side salad.  
Man, those pickles were good.  The thinner ones were my favorite, because you could taste more of the pickle.  They were crispy and had great flavor - and they went well with the honey mustard that was served on the side.
And the fried chicken was perfect.  It was juicy, not at all oily, crispy, and tasty.  And the side of mac n cheese was yummy too.  Homeruns all around.
Oh and a word about the service, since it seems that's the biggest complaint recently.  We had good service.  Granted, there were only a few people there, probably since it was the first weekend of the Jazz Festival and everyone was still at the fair grounds.  But once we were directed to the inhabited side of the restaurant, our service was friendly and prompt.  We did have to wait for our fried chicken, which is normal, but that wait wasn't bad since we had pickles and a salad to munch on.  And our waitress stopped by a couple times during dinner to check on us.  If I had any complaint, it was that we didn't get a refill on our drinks.  But we never asked, either.
The best part: our bill came out to $25.  I love Fiorella's.  And it's still at the top of my list of things I'd do right away if I won the lottery.  As in, I'd hop on a plane to NOLA and go straight to Fiorella's.  
Wait a second, that's exactly what we did last Sunday...I am sad writing this. After searching far & wide, I found Fiorella's to have the best fried chicken in New Orleans. I've been a few times & still crave it. Although I haven't experienced some of the terrible service posted here (I believe the chicken is fried to order, which takes some time - something that some people used to fried chicken being "fast food" might not understand), I cannot return until this place is deep cleaned. It is truly filthy & not in a condition to prepare, serve, & consume food. Everything people have written about the restrooms is true, including an unidentifiable foul smell. I don't know how they've escaped Health Dept scrutiny, unless they paid someone off.  I've worked in restaurants & know what can lurk in even the cleanest establishments. I cannot imagine what lurks in the dark crevices of Fiorella's. the sheer lack of effort in even spot-cleaning that place is offensive & tells me the customer is WAY down on the list of priorities to the slovenly ownership. I wonder if their homes are that filthy?If I can give this place a 1/2 star I would. We went here with my family and the service was awful and the food was not up to par. Our gumbo came out cold, the Shrimp Ettouffee that I ordered was disgusting. They must've thought I had never had it because it was seriously tastes like pasta sauce from a can. I sent it back. It took forever for the food to come out. I do not recommend going to this place. Not worth the wait and not worth the trip.The fried pickles were AMAZING, and the bloody mary was possibly the very best I tried (and I tried them all over town). The greek salad was delicious. Our server was very friendly and made us feel relaxed and welcome. Great spot for lunch or snacks.Service was fine, waitress was friendly and attentive, but everything I've ordered here has been awful. The crab cake was a frozen fried patty that had been burned and tasted like salt and cardboard. The shrimp appetizer was overloaded with basil leaves, and the red sauce tasted like a cheap grocery brand. They also didn't have any red wine.. This was the second time I've eaten here and I was disappointed the first. With so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, I won't be coming back to Fiorella's :(
My husband loved the fried chicken, but I would be wary trying anything else on the menu.Best fried chicken in the Quarter. Been coming here for years. Gets better and better.current manager Triston has done a great job with improvements of service and meal quality. Will let all my Chicago friends know to make a stop here!Let me start by saying that I didn't do Fiorella's, probably the way it's supposed to be done.  In other words, I didn't get the fried chicken, or a main entree.
With that said, I ordered the chicken caesar salad and a side order of baked macaroni (mac and cheese).  It was good, not great.  The salad was huge, and was definitely big enough for a meal.  The lettuce was kind of mushy, but the chicken was tender and juicy.  The mac and cheese was ok.  It wasn't overly creamy or anything.  It was more mac and cheese with just a hint of cheese.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't the best, either.
The place is known for their famous fried chicken, so I would probably go back and give that a try.
The atmosphere was really nice, with kind of a "diner" feel.  The waitress couldn't have been sweeter, and was even nice enough to recommend some music acts that we should check out.We wandered in here in a downpour and had an amazing meal. The fried chicken was of course delicious and the mac and cheese was to die for. Service was a tad slow but since we were the only table upstairs it's hard to fault them for that. We will definitely be back the next time we are in town!The fried chicken is by far amazing.  As for the rest it was either very mediocre or salty.  The place was also very moist and sticky.  I think there was a broken washing machine and they didn't bother to fix it and let it leak and soak the carpetI am actually sitting outside of fiorellas as I draft this review and I had to chuckle to myself when a carriage passed by with some tourist aboard and the driver made a most humorous proclamation. He stated that, "this is fiorellas and they have some of the best fried chicken in the south!" I nearly choked on my dry, under seasoned fried chicken. I give it two stars only because it was edible. Service was next to non existent, old ketchup on the table awaited my dipping, and the fried pickles were saltier than a pair of sweaty testicles. Popeye's has far superior fried chicken second only to my grandmothers. However, I congratulate Fiorella's for being inducted into my collection of TTRs (tourist trap restaurants). Kudos to you Fiorella's!A large basket of the softest, juiciest fried chicken you have ever had.
A heap of most savory, smokey beans dumped on the tastiest, dirtiest rice that has ever entered your mouth. 
A bucket of your favorite imported beer (6 for $12), chilled to perfection and at your disposal.
Need I say more?
And for the men, the waitresses here are very good looking. Just saying.I must admit that the fried chicken was excellent. It was cooked fresh, came out burning/steaming hot, stayed crispy on the outside, and remained moist and flavorful on the inside. However, the entire experience was horrifically marred by the sighting of a small mouse that scurried around the dining area, undaunted by the presence of larger and smarter homo sapiens. The staff was either too negligent, too embarrassed or too accustomed to care.
Get the chicken, but get it to go.Top 10 NOLA fried chicken and it did not disappoint! I ordered the 4 piece combo and red beans with rice to go. The waitstaff behind the bar took my order and she was super friendly and knowledgeable. She even suggested the daily special to get more bang for my buck. The order was ready in 15 minutes and prepared on the spot. My husband and I took it back to eat in our hotel room and the food was still hot, crispy and delicious. The chicken was nicely coated and seasoned on the outside and juicy on the inside. I wish I had ordered more! Can't wait to go back and eat it again.What a good find! We came in to Fiorella's one night just before closing (yes, we were those people, sorry), after trying to go to Mojo's and finding out that they were out of a lot of things. Mojo's also didn't seem too keen on a group of 9 people walking in 15 mins before closing, for which I totally don't blame them, but this made us take a walk next door.
The waitress seated us and took a little while to get to us, which is fine since she was the only one working. She was quite patient with us and we didn't feel too rushed. Ordered some beers and put in our food order, I don't remember the food taking an especially long time, but they do have a sign on the wall to be patient as they make most of it fresh. 
It has an interesting mix of Italian and Cajun, but Cajun is a mish mash in of itself, so why not cajun and Italian? I got the meatball po boy (which was basically a meatball sub with crispy po boy bread), and it really hit the spot. Could definitely tell it was made in house and with a lot of love. Fries reminded me of checkers fries, but crispier, which is a big compliment since I love Checker's fries! My boyfriend got the crab and corn bisque...so good! We were both practically licking the bowl. I think they put sherry in it, which is almost always a good call for seafood bisque. Also served a thick slice of toasted Italian bread on top, which was a nice touch. 
Definitely bookmarking this one, so glad we decided to go in!I don't normally enjoy eating in the quarter. I also wouldn't say I enjoy eating here. The whole atmosphere of the place just makes it loose all authenticity for me. Besides that the fried chicken isn't half bad, it's not great. But if your hungry, and aimlessly roaming around for food, you can feel comfortable stopping here.Heard about this place from one of the locals in a shop, then of course checked the reviews from yelp well let me tell you WOW the fried chicken here is amazing! I usually don't eat fried chicken simply because I hadn't found any that stacked up to my grandmothers, but this DID seasoned well, cooked to perfection and NOT GREASY. You really should try it out if you love great chicken in a kicked back atmosphere.The food may be great, but after waiting for 2.5 hours after placing our order on a light day, we had to leave. 
Also, the waiter went to the bathroom with the water pitcher he then used to fill out glasses. We left and I wouldn't recommend this place for human consumption. Truly horrific service and substandard hygiene.Fried chicken was very good. Extremely salty so have plenty of water handy. Sides were all excellent!Update: New management... the taste of the chicken has decreased while the prices have increased. A $100 tab for 4 people, with only 3 entrees and chicken that had be returned to the kitchen because it was under-cooked, and with sub-par taste. 
The manager hesitantly gave us our 10% local discount but refused to give our locals-discount card back, which had only been given to us a few months back. Great way to bring in customers, and then promptly tell them adios. Not sure if I'll be going back. Sad, see previous review: 
The fried chicken is the best EVER that you could bite into. 
I'm actually not keen on Bloody Mary's, & this is the only place in the city I'll happily have them. They're that good. They've also more recently opened the upstairs which includes balcony seating over Decatur Street.The absolute worst food in the the world! WTF! 1st time I couldn't get food until 2hrs later, 2nd time my friend stayed an hour for a to go order, today it was just garbage!!!! Never again, 3 strikes your out!!!!I went for the first time since it reopened under new management and have no complaints. They've spruced it up a bit, without getting too fancy. The service was fine ... we were greeted quickly and our server was friendly. As before, you can get a table, sit at the bar, or sit in the outside area. We didn't get the fried chicken this time so I can't compare it to the old daze, but fried oysters and liver and onions were both good.This was always a good place to head to after a night of drinking.............
The staff is always great, and can fix the best darn bloody mary, ever.
And yes, I still continue to dream about the fried chicken, nothin like it.When I made an order to go I wish someone would have told me I would be WAITING OVER THIRTY MINUTES. Still waiting. If I didn't already pay I would have left 20 minutes ago. I hope the food is worth it but at this point it would be hard to make up for waiting this long for take out without warning. People are very niceSolid. We were on a hunt for good fried chicken that was not Popeye's. We tried going to Willie Mae's Scotch House, but it closed at 3 pm on a Saturday!! We then hightailed it back to the French Quarter and came here. 
The fried chicken is delicious! Nice crispy skin and juicy meat on the inside. I opted for the mashed potatoes, which were delicious. 
The fried dill pickles at the beginning were delicious. I love that fried crisp but tangy sour taste that the pickle provides. Yum! 
All in all, delicious fried chicken that would give Popeye's a run for its money. All it needs is the spicy option that Peopeye's has.The fried chicken here is delicious, crispy, and juicy. They apparently fry them to order. Therefore very much worth the wait. Everything else was so-so.Definitely worth it if you can get a restaurant.com certificate. 
The gumbo was a little salty, and the lobster bisque tasted more like corn chowder. However, the sausage and shrimp po'boys were pretty good, were huge and came with fries.The southern fried chicken and red beans and rice were fantastic. Lasagna was also pretty good. And the red sauce had some kick to it. Food was good, waitstaff was attentive and friendly, glad we stopped on a street full of options.It was our last night in NOLA and after spending $$$ at Harrah's in the past few days we decided to have a low key but yummy NOLA cuisine for dinner. We wanted something in the French Quarter area since we were going to visit the St. Louis Cathedral.
After browsing through Yelp...I thought Fiorella's Cafe had quiet interesting menus and would like to try it.
We entered from the French Market Pl.. there weren't that many stores that were open around 8PM on a Saturday night..I guess most of the stores were just open during the day and Fiorella's looked closed..but we saw one of the waitress and asked if they were open and she said.. "Yes, but most diners are sitting on the other side..let me take you there to join the party!"
We were seated.. ordered two glasses of pinot grigio ..they pinot grigio that they served was not that good... disappointed!
We ordered the shrimp etouffee and basket of fried chicken (4 pieces)...it supposed to come with 1 piece each of drumstick, thigh, breast and wing but I asked if we could get all white meat pieces and the waitress kindly told the kitchen to do that special order for us.
We were going to order the mac and cheese that everyone was raving about on Yelp but they were OUT! We were also going to order the crawfish dish but they were OUT of crawfish!
While waiting for our food to arrive... we saw a cockroach climbing on the wall next to me and finally hid behind a picture on the wall!! AArrrggghhh, yuck, yikeeee,iiieeewwwwhh!!! The restaurant itself didn't look that fancy..that's ok..BUT COCKROACH??!!! OMG!!!!
I tried to remain optimistic...afterall I was hungry and we already placed the order and didn't want to just walk away..
The food came ..it was quiet a long wait (the waitress did tell us that fried chicken would take at least 15 minutes).
The shrimp etouffee came with two small slices of bread...no rice nothing.. so portion was not that large but it was ok.
The chicken was HUGE!! and looked like Popeye's ..they tasted better than Popeye's but not as good as the one I had at Coop's Place the night before. After a while the chicken tasted a bit salty.
I think our bill was around $40..it was not bad.. the chicken was cheap..around $10 and you got 4 huge pieces of chicken and came with fries.
The food was just ok and the fact that I saw a cockroach just blew it..*sigh!!Good chicken at a great price. I got the 6pc box with beans and it was better than anything I've gotten at Popeyes or Church's. Piping hot juicy but lacked the flavor of Coop's Place across the street, plus Coop's has better side items.Chicken was great. Service was mad slow... there was an event going on upstairs. The place didn't seem very clean hence the 3 stars. The restroom totally weirded me out!  any rate, the food was slamming and I would recommend carryout.I've been coming to Fiorella's for years and bring different friends who also love their "World Famous Southern Fried Chicken." This time we actually went twice over a weekend, simply because the chicken on Friday was so perfectly cooked to order, and coated 'n fried to a moist 'n juicy Yelp five-star perfection. The red beans and rice side was delicious too. 
We had the fried chicken again two nights later, and were unfortunately disappointed at the inconsistency. Again, it was cooked to order, coated, fried, moist, juicy...but tasted like burned fryer oil. The French fries tasted the burned as well, even though they were not overcooked. The fryer oil must have been reused too often, or something was burned in it and the oil wasn't replaced. I mentioned this to our server since I felt the kitchen should know about the huge difference. Our server apologized and said definitely she would inform the chef. 
Food and bar service is always cheerful and friendly at Fiorella's. It's a casual, laid-back restaurant in the middle of the French Quarter, with decent prices and usually excellent fried chicken. I'm pretty positive the next time I'm there, and I will be back, the Southern Fried Chicken will be back to being World Famous.Decent food if you feel like waiting two hours, seeing other tables be seated, order, served, pay and leave before having yourself served, and having to repeat your order 90 minutes into the wait. Friendly staff and, again, decent food, but something in the machine is clearly broken.Walking in the heat and Fiorellas looked like a nice place to cool off and grab lunch. The AC wasn't working very well so it was not cool enough. We should have looked at the reviews prior to ordering. We ended up with a desent  burger and salad. We should have gotten the chicken. Oh well maybe next time.The best fried chicken.  Our server Brooke was very attentive, even thou they were short a person.  Got the 4 piece chicken that turned into 7 pieces. Also had the gumbo and red beans and rice.  The chicken is the bomb.If I were rating this place solely on the fried chicken, it would get 4 stars.  But I have to give it 3 based on the entire experience.  It was a slow night (and our first night in NOLA).  We rented a house in Marigny and our host suggested Fiorella's for the chicken.  So we went and were seated right away.  First, we were disappointed that the restaurant had NO marinara sauce, so my husband couldn't order what he wanted (spaghetti).  I ordered the fried chicken they are famous for.  My husband ordered the fried shrimp.  It took over an hour to get our food, which was irritating.  I understand the chicken is made to order, but honestly that shouldn't take more than 30-40 minutes.   When the chicken finally came, I have to say it was well worth it.  It truly was excellent fried chicken and SO yummy!  My chicken came with a side of red beans and rice that was also very, very good.  My husband's fried shrimp was not very good.  It was a little cold (probably because it was finished before my chicken had completely cooked).  He said it was rubbery, too.   It also made him a little ill that evening.  Our waitress was so nice and we do not blame any of this on her.  We could tell she was getting more and more frustrated the longer our food took.  We'd still give Fiorella's another try when we come back to NOLA.My wife and I shared a fried chicken platter.  We both agreed that this was some of the best fried chicken we have ever had!!  The chicken was juicy and crisp, with a hint of spices .But wait, the real surprise was the red beans and rice.  These were the best red beans and rice that we had on our entire 7 day adventure in NOLA.  They were simple but very flavorful with a smokey undertone.  I liked them so much that I went back into the kitchen to try a talk the chef into giving me the recipe.  Grab an outside table and people watch while you eat.Dive, but so delicious. Our waitress Naomi was terrific. We came on Monday $2 Cosmo's and $5.95 red beans and rice with sausage. Had to try the fried chicken too. Would definitely recommend to my friends when they come to NOLA!My husband and I went looking for some good southern fried chicken.  Boy did we EVER find it here! I'm a Los Angeles gal raised and spoiled on King's Tropical Inn's (long gone) fried chicken, and this is the only place that has ever come close.
Then to add to the amazing chicken, I had the mashed potatoes, husband had the red beans and rice.  I would be hard pressed to have to pick one over the other. Yummo!
The wait staff were friendly and cordial; properly attentive.  Yes, they cook the chicken to order,  but it's worth the wait. 
Another table was enjoying the pork chop. Can't vouch for it except to say they, too were visitors and they come here specifically for that dish. 
Do not miss this place!We really wanted fried chicken and had planned to go to Willie Mae's Scotch House until our rental car shuttle bus driver told us the BEST fried chicken in New Orleans was to be found at Fiorella's.  So, off we went for an early dinner -- we had the fried pickles for an appetizer (loved them!) and after finishing them, we were advised they were out of white meat chicken with the bone in, but could fry up some boneless, skinless chicken breasts for us.  We found it hard to believe a place known for its fried chicken could be out of it so early in the day -- they said it was because there had been a parade the night before, they had been open until 2 a.m., had been really busy and thus run out of the bone-in white meat chicken.  Long story short -- we had the fried boneless, skinless chicken breasts and an order of red beans and rice.  The server did add a bone-in fried chicken leg to our orders.  While good, I think we missed the best this place has to offer by not getting the bone-in white meat chicken that we really wanted.  Not sure if we'd go here or some place else for fried chicken next time.Some of the best fried chicken I've ever tasted!  However the red beans are way too salty for my liking. But excellent service!This is without a doubt the absolute worst restaurant I have ever visited and I have been to hundreds.
The food: I ordered the four piece chicken with fries. To be fair the chicken was crispy but it was poorly seasoned, just tasted of garlic powder and way overcooked. The fries were a joke, the cheapest frozen ones available.
Oh and my coke was as flat as could be. However, although pretty poor, you can get even worse food elsewhere, if you try hard.
The experience is what makes this place special. When I walked in there were two other tables who left shortly after I arrived. 
I was greeted by an overly patronising waiter called David whose fakeness in trying to be friendly was beamingly obvious. That was about it from him.
The food arrived about 15 minutes later and in the meantime I had the pleasure of waiting in a dimly lit room, devoid of atmosphere and listening to the most annoying elevator music possible. Did the waiter come and check on me during the meal despite being the only person there? No
When I finished the meal did anyone in the restaurant pay any attention to the sole customer there? No. They were all too busy messing around by the bar having a laugh rather than attend to their jobs.
I was sat there for 10 minutes and got fed up. Waved my hand. Nothing. Called out for the bill. Nothing. Instead after another 5 minutes the waiter decided to come over and instead of apologising said Oh I forgot about you because no one else is here. That kind of attitude is unforgivable. The least he could have done was to say sorry for your wait.
So the bill comes to $13.65 and I hand over a $20. Do I want change? What do you think? Do you deserve a $7 dollar tip?
So I am now at the point where my limits have been pushed and thought I won't tip. I get my change and guess what, I have been shortchanged by $2.
This place is the biggest joke I have ever set foot in. The level of contempt shown towards customers is astonishing. I actually hope they go bust. Neither the owner or staff deserve to make a living from this business, if they want to mess around and take the mickey out of customers then they should head back to high school. This is a grade A scam and you should stay well clear.Best fried chicken I have ever had! We had the mash and gravy with a side of Mac n cheese, can't get more 'southern' than that and it was delicious and affordable. Really friendly staff too :)Walking into this place I kinda worried. Staff sitting around (no customers) and it could use some updating. The fried pickles were perfect (only had once before and these were about a million times better). We all got fried chicken. IT WAS SO GOOD. the red beans and rice were really good too. Just be prepared for a wait. It took at least 45 minutes for our food. But it was worth it.I have never found fried chicken anywhere else that is nearly as fabulous as the fried chicken at Fiorella's. The rest of the food is good....not spectacular but solid....but it's worth going to this place a million times over just for the fried chicken.Ate here on the last night of a 5-day stay in the French Quarter, and it was easily the most memorable meal we had.
I ordered the fried chicken after reading about it on Yelp, and my wife got the shrimp fettucine alfredo. Both dishes were mind-blowingly savory and perfectly balanced. Mashed potatoes were delicious as well.
The staff deserves a special mention. Waitress said they were not serving food, but the bartender made it happen and she obliged happily and attentively. I saw another employee crossing the street and spontaneously told him how good the food was...our reward? Two free drinks....bright blue, called the "FEMA".
The tab was extremely reasonable especially considering how expensive and bland the food in the Quarter can be. If I'd discovered this place on my first night, it would have been tough to go anywhere else.Sometimes it's not good to walk into a place  with line on a celebration weekend. The menu can't decide if it's Cajun or Italian. The waitress seemed very ditzy and not really here. We ordered two waters and a tea. We have been here about 50 minutes and eaten and we are still waiting on that tea. I'm looking at the tea pitcher as I type this. It's 20 feet from me. We have only asked three times. 
I went to use the restroom. The toilet is broken. I think a pipe is busted and there is very much a large amount of piss on the floor. It smells like a ports potty except I would have preferred the latter. 
When we ordered our waitress was questioned about the menu and multiple times said she's never had something or that "I wouldn't eat something like that if I don't see my mom make it."
Apparently Megan does not  like the lasagna but thinks the customers do because she's never heard someone say they didn't. 
We waited our whole meal for tea that never came and were charged for. The po boys were essentially deli meat sandwiches. Wen we ask Megan if it was French bread she said I don't know, it's a square. 
The spaghetti and single tiny meat ball tasted like it was smothered in a ragu can and was not something they made in house. 
We won't be going back ever. Bland food and apathetic waitresses. When there is no wait on a celebration weekend there must be a reason.Very yummy! Had the fried chicken and the best red beans I've ever had. The food takes a bit but its worth it. The staff (especially Laura) is genuinely friendly.Went here to eat last week. The fried chicken was supposed to be good, so we ordered that (our neighbors looked good!). One of the people at our table went to go to the bathroom and a palmetto bug/roach (whatever you would like to call them) was in there. We decided to still stay since we are in the south after all (I live in south carolina, we're used to seeing them) and roaches happen occasionally- although that's my first time seeing one in a restaurant! A few minutes later two big roaches were crawling on the wall directly behind us at the restaurant. I hope it was just a fluke, but it made me question the cleanliness of the restaurant, and we had to leave (despite the fact that we were starving). I know roaches are somewhat common, but 3 roaches in one visit is just not good. Hope management gets it taken care of!Good service but crappy food. I can tolerate crappy service with good food but not this. Go to Coop's Place instead.My family and I just had an AMAZING meal at Fiorellas. The fried chicken was AMAZING, the waitress gave my pregnant sister great, honest recommendations, and the price was UNBEATABLE. The food was almost too good to be true for the price, and our waitress was wonderful. We found stuff for a picky eater, a pregnant woman, and a 2 year old. I recommend Fiorellas for anyone who wants a low key lunch or dinner in the French Quarter.Brought my family from out of town here for fried chicken. Ordered-30 minutes later we were told they were out of fried chicken. We were annoyed but starving. Ordered again. 30 minutes no food. Asked the manager for something! They sent out 4 chicken wings. 15 minutes late we get one sandwich that was supposed to have a side of mashed potatoes-it had rice and beans-they were out. 15 minutes later the server came to our table. They were out of jambalaya, shrimp, crawfish, and étouffée. The manager was useless-interviewing an someone instead of dealing with the fact that her restaurant was COMPLETELY OUT OF FOOD!!! We walked out and I grabbed whatever food was on the table and gave it to a homeless guy. Someone deserved to eat. I wish there zero star option because that's how much food we got.*sigh* I have a love/hate relationship with Fiorellas. Before Katrina it was always fantastic. Sure it was dumpy looking, and it took forever to get  your food, but at least it was consistent. After Katrina we waited and waited for them to re-open and they did, under new management I am told. The food tastes the same, the decor is a bit more cleaned up but you never know what you are going to get in terms of service. 
Most recently we were there this past January and everything was wonderful! Our orders were correct and they weren't out of anything. The very busy bartender also served as our waiter and he never brought the water I asked for but otherwise no complaints. 
A previous trip, at the end of French Quarter Fest, they were "out of " everything we tried to order. We did manage to order some fried pickles but when they finally came 40 minutes later we found it was just breading! There were no pickles inside! Our waiter that night was the worst, completely inattentive, and seemed like we were inconveniencing him! We paid for our drinks and left.
I suggest not going to Fiorellas when the city is busy, they don't seem to be able to handle the crowds and it seems their staff is not responsible. What I hear is they are always short staffed? Maybe they don't treat their employees well and have high turnover or maybe they just hire a bunch of slugs? Either way, it's not helping their reputation.
Their fried chicken is amazing and worth the wait. -however I am told that Willie Mae's Scotch House is even better and hope to try that soon!. Their spaghetti and meatballs is very good and you can't go wrong with fried pickles, as long as they have them! I can't say we have ever had a "bad" meal here,  but the service needs to improve.This was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. After being ignored for 20 minutes, we finally placed our order and were told they were out of several of their menu items. I ordered their jambalaya and was told 10 minutes later they were out of that as well. When our dinner finally came, my friend's fettuccine Alfredo came with shrimp instead of chicken like she had specified. She is allergic to shrimp and had to send her meal back. We should had know then to cancel our order and leave.
Her replacement meal did not come with garlic bread as stated on the menu and when we requested the bread we were told it was in the oven. She instead got lukewarm pieces of plain bread that looked like they had been dipped in sauce from someone else's meal. I ended up ordering a bowl of the chicken and sausage gumbo, which was not worth the $10 it cost. There was no sausage to be found in the lukewarm measly portion that was more like a cup.
We were told our check would be comped 20%, but only the fettuccine Alfredo was comped. We left the restaurant extremely unsatisfied and disappointed we wasted a meal in New Orleans at such a sub-par establishment with terrible service and management skills. Do not waste your time here.Came here at 11:27 on a Sunday morning, and pretty much most of the menu items were not available, I guess the party last night took it all.
They did offered to make us pasta dish but, No Thank You.
Instead, we got the artichoke dip, and the black regular coffee, no cappuccinos either.
Place is small and very dark.I did not go for the chicken but had a crab cake that was great. My wife had red beans & rice, which was equally great.I have been eating at Fiorella's since before my daughter was born, before I ever moved to New Orleans, before old new management, and new management.  I've seen it at it's worst and it's best.  True, it's worst can get pretty ugly.  But even then, it's still pretty tasty.  I really miss the house-made ranch and honey mustard they used to make.  Those were exquisitely delicious.  Le sigh.  But we always get the fried chicken, usually tenders, red beans, fried pickles, and some mac.  These are constants.  When they run out... HELLO!, because they are popular, duh!... I am super sad.  Other things are good, but not as good.  Their gumbo is just meh.  
Service is almost always horrendous.  You just take it for what it's worth, sit back and un-clench.  Your meal is super cheap here.
And Y'ALL.  Rats are ALL over the Quarter, and every other neighborhood in New Orleans.  It is a swamp.  Never forget that.  It's like getting upset because there's cockroaches.  There's no getting away from them here.  Just think, we all have to learn to live with them.  Y'all go home and away from them.Let's start by saying I don't like chicken off the bone, let alone fried chicken. This fried chicken was FIRE! I loved it. I had to order it because one of the locals had recommended it. I ordered the four piece with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy. I loved it. I also would recommend the fried pickles and the crawfish cakes/balls.We stopped here for a quick appetizer & drink as they had a sidewalk table open. Luckily as we were enjoying our crawfish balls (well seasoned) the sky opened up, leading us to stay under the covered patio for a 2nd appetizer of barbecued shrimp. In NOLA this is NOT shrimp smothered in thick barbecue sauce, but rather sauteed in a butter & pepper sauce - The sauce here is simply the best we had in New Orleans. Brand new chef (1 week) so hurry before he is snatched away by a larger venue!
Think of a scampi sauce with a cajun flair and you'll have an idea of what he has created - EnjoyHands down the best fried chicken I have EVER eaten! (Sorry, Mom, it's true.) Kind of annoyed, since it is now 500 plus miles away.
We ordered the chicken and a side of red beans and rice. The crispy crust on the chicken had the exactly "right" amount of spices. Not greasy at all, which of course means they have the cooking temp right on point. A snappy crunch outside and juicy, tender inside made it "roll your eyes and curl your toes" delicious. It ties for the most fabulous dish I tasted while in NOLA. The red beans and rice were also perfection. Creamy smooth which I'm sure was due to lots of yummy sausage fat. Spiced just right. Yum.
Service was friendly, the ladies there were lovely to us. I joked with them that I was going to Yelp review them and knock off a star cuz they were out of bread pudding. But, I seriously can't ding them. Five stars all the way for the most memorable gastronomic experience of my trip.We went to Fiorella's for the first time to use a Groupon.  It is in a typical French Quarter building.  Looks like it is falling down, the stairs to the 2nd floor required your full attention, you exit the building onto the balcony thru an old window and the balcony feels like it's going to fall off if too many people stand on it.  We LOVE those kind of places.  Anyway...the service was excellent.  Our server was very attentive and probably made 12 trips or more up and down the treacherous stairs.  Even when we'd say "on your next trip up", or "don't make a special trip".  We heard passing horsedrawn carriages tell people about the fried chicken, so I decided to try that, while my hubby had a po'boy.  We also shared the fried pickles.  The pickles were salty to us, but we have significantly reduced our sodium intake, so that could have some bearing on our opinion.  The chicken was everything I expected it to be.  Crispy skin, tender inside.  I also had the mac & cheese, which was very good, but I was also full from our appetizer.  We had a great time, we enjoyed the food.  Yes, it takes a bit to get to you, but it is well worth the wait.  I even had a laugh about the upstairs restroom.  You have to go there to see it for yourself and I'm not going to spoil the fun.  Absolutely recommend the place and we will be going back.They were out of half the things on the menu.  Seems very disorganized. Decent food if you are willing to wait.  Get the fried chicken. Staff seems to be trying to overcome what seems to be Incompetent management.5 stars for fried chicken.
3.75 stars for muffaletta.
1 star for everything else.
I got the scoop on this place from a local.  Apparently, they're coasting by on their AMAZING fried chicken recipe and their pretty-darn-good muffalettas. It apparently used to be really really awesome, and then two years ago was sold to a whole new crew, who has tried - hard - to maintain, but falls short.  Here are some examples of how:
Abysmal French fries.  Abysmal.  Soggy, tasteless, sad.
Beer list does not match what's actually on hand.
Wine list does not match what's actually on hand.
Well-intentioned, but off-the-mark, service.
"Steamed veggies" were frozen California blend veggies thrown on a flat-top griddle.  Glad I paid $5 for that.
Have the chicken, have the fried pickles, have a muffaletta even, but don't expect to have the drink you wanted to have and have a po' boy somewhere else.Do yourself a favor. Go ANYWHERE else in New Orleans and I guarantee you'll be better off than going here. Long story short: took 5+ minutes to be seated despite restaurant being nearly empty, waiter didn't come by for another 15 min, out of most menu options by 8pm on Saturday night, messed up order, waited 40+ minutes before eating, waitress lied about taking 20% off of the entire bill for the numerous screw ups and instead only took it off the one entree (which is fine, but don't act like you're doing me a huge favor), didn't bring the side the menu said it came with (I had to ask for it after my first order was already messed up, pretty sure I got leftovers from another persons food). Really nothing positive to say. I am not picky and have never left a one star before... It was that bad. The tables around us had the same issues, it's not just the waiter or kitchen, everything is wrong with this restaurant.Italian sausage in the sandwich was undercooked and pink in the center.  Chicken Parmigiana was good.  Service was fast and friendlyDO NOT EAT HERE!
I'll try to be brief about the terrible experience I had with my colleagues when we went to eat. 
1. Terrible service - took 25 minutes to get drinks (ps there are about 5 choices and there was NO ONE in the restaurant)
2.  No water in the bathrooms so they said to use a bucket of old water to wash up.
3. There's rats on the balcony! 
4. They ran out of salad dressing so the mixed cooking oil and vinegar ugh disgusting. 
5. Tell me how a restaurant "famous" for their friend chicken and rice and beans RUNS OUT OF rice and beans. 
6. The last straw was when we went to talk to the manager and he yelled at my colleague and blamed him for complaining. Terrible management. 
This is a shortened list. 
Please do yourself a favor and DO NOT EAT HERE!I'm glad that Fiorella's Cafe was the one to pop my southern-fried-chicken cherry.
By our 7th day in Louisiana, we were pretty sick of Cajun food. We cringed at the thought of having another bowl of gumbo or eating another chargrilled oyster. Alligator meat? NO THANK YOU! (no offense, Louisianians!)
My parents and I stopped in on a Thursday at around 1:30 upon the recommendation of our Old New Orleans Rum Distillery tour guide. 
And I'm glad we listened to him! Fiorella's is located near the French Market. The place is kind of divey. But then again, what place with great food ISN'T divey?! We started off with some beers and since we weren't too hungry, we decided to split the 4 piece. This also came with a side. You can choose from red beans, mashed potatoes, or fries. And let's be serious....if you're gonna be wrong, you might as well do it right! So we went with the fries! They were perfectly seasoned and fried - crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. Not one soggy spud!
The chicken took about 15 to 20 minutes but I guess that just means they make it fresh! Since we weren't in a rush, we didn't mind. We just sat back, enjoyed our brews and the odd selection of 80s karaoke music they were playing.
So thanks to Yelp and me having to write this review, I'm drooling again. Back to KFC for me....YIKES! :(I don't know why it only has 3.5 stars because this place is fantastic. Fried pickles are wonderful and their fried chicken is phenomenal. Good service and great atmosphere on the upstairs outdoor patio.This place has the best fried chicken, perhaps the best I've ever had. It is lightly and very tastefully herbed with panko (I am guessing all this) crumbs and it is so crisp and so juicy it just had to be cooked in lard. Ok, probably not lard but it's as good as if it was!!  The accompanying red beans were delicious; a little cool, though. Portions were some of the most generous of NOLA places. The service was attentive, friendly and comfortably paced. I don't like being rushed so time between things is good by me.  I ordered a Bloody Maria, but they were out of mix. I chose a draft beer instead. Along with dinner came a comp'ed Bloody--she borrowed some mix from another place.  It was spicy, nice tequila taste and good garnishes. I would definitely go back and eat here--and get chicken!Stumbled upon this place over a decade ago, drawn by the claims about the fried chicken.  It's prepared after you order it, you have to wait, it takes a while and it is worth every, single second it takes.  
Red beans and rice as a side was perfect (although wanted Fries).  If you are looking for good food, near the quarter and don't want to hit the touristy spots (and you shouldn't limit yourself there anyway) you will love this place.  Friendly service, a bitt  of a dive no question, but the chicken is on point.My wife and I were sorely disappointed last night Earlier in the week we had encountered other tourists sitting outside who, with a southern accent, said they were eating the "best fried chicken evah!" So we put Fiorella's on our list to try. 
So we acted on that error in judgment for dinner last night. We were seated quickly, initially asked about drinks, etc, and nothing put us off at first. There were no more than 3 active tickets on the floor that we could see. We put in our orders- 3 pc with mashed potatoes and gravy for her; with red beans and rice for me.
Food was real slow to come out.... (hope it's worth waiting for!!). When it finally arrived, the chicken was piping hot and nicely spiced. But not all that special. Struck me as marginally better than Popeye's and my wife as less tasty than that. 
The mashed potatoes were cold.... The red beans and rice looked to be Blue Runner (canned) creamy style red beans... so nothing special there. 
But what really put us off was that the server never came back to check on the meal. We were 10 minutes into it, with my wife trying to tolerate the mashed potatoes as they were. Finally the evening manager happened to get up off her stool and passed by.... asked how things were and my wife told her. Manager dutifully offered to replace them and whisked the unsuitable ones away. 
Now, you would think there are probably mashed potatoes pretty well prepared at all times in such a restaurant.... and that someone would return with good, hot potatoes within a minute or two.... But, nope. It was another 5 minutes or so. 
Before we left, I spoke and complained politely, and to the manager's credit, the bill was adjusted to take both sides (mine and my wife's) off the bill. 
But, bottom line is we were disappointed enough that I wanted to make our experience known!! 
We should have tolerated the line at Coop's!!Four stars for the food, but the dining area itself is tiny. This place is well known by the locals as THE place to eat if you want good fried chicken. I ordered the fried chicken and they're right. Definitely a good stop for lunch, but this isn't really the type of place you think about for a dinner out or if you have a larger group/family. The staff was friendly, service was good, and the food delicious.Best fried chicken, hands down. But the service is horrible. They constantly hired the slowest, and most impolite waiters.I don't understand the negative reviews. The server was attentive, friendly, knowledgable and accommodating. By far, the best fried chicken I've had. Superb pasta. I love this place.This place is an utter joke. I don't care how good people say the fried chicken is here. Service is so below par, it is laughable and you feel you are being punked. The day I went with a group of 8, on a Tuesday at lunchtime, I kid you not, they were out of 65% of the menu items. Either you cose your doors if you can't afford to order product or get product trouble-shot to your establishment. It was truly the biggest joke I have ever experienced in a restaurant. 
A lot better dives and fast food restaurants than this joke.Hands down the best effing fried chicken ever.  Seriously.
Actually anything fried here is good - try the fried pickles or calamari as an appetizer.  The fries are good.  Ooooh so is the potato salad!
Just a note that the "official" address is on French Market Place but you can also enter on Decatur.
I wanted to respond to a couple reviews:
@Megan L.: Yes the bathrooms are kinda gross.  Unfortunately common in the FQ. But I think you went into the unisex "handicapped accessible" restroom which is probably grosser than the ladies-only.
@emily w.: Who says fried chicken isn't "authentic New Orleans"?  They also have po'boys and such.
@Dixon T.: the service isn't rude, just aloof.  It's not like Juan's where you are afraid they are spitting on your food in the back! 
The waiters will usually tell you if the chicken is going to take a long time.  I went on a Wednesday evening and it was out pretty fast.Fiorella's is noted for casual dining in the Quarter by the famous French Market with its famous fried chicken fried fresh to order. Line forms outside the front door, (its a small place inside). No reservation, but they do accept credit cards. Bingo starts in back at 10 pm usually. Cheap enough. Special note, (under new management as of Fl 08 and my last trip here the service was just terrible, I keep giving this place another chance, but I may give up on it, visit at your own riskLate night on Xmas??  That's just not seen anywhere else than Chinese Take-out! :-)
So I ordered a 4-piece Fried Chicken and a side of Mac n' Cheese.  Well.... you know how many fried chickens have a thick layer of fat on the skin, but you still want to eat the skin because of the fried part, but also feel guilty for eating all the fat??  (what did he just say??)
So this place.. the skin is perfect!!! It's fried so well that the fat is not noticeable AND the chicken is not packed with fat!  It was great!
The Mac/Cheese was just ok so not going to recommend it.My husband and I were wandering around New Orleans MANY years ago and found this great restaurant.  The fried chicken is SUPERB-just the way fried chicken should be...flavorful and crispy.  The red beans and rice are a delicious side kick!  The servers are very friendly and fun.  Drinks are adequate.  Maybe not for all, as it is dark, dingy, somewhat of a dive....but if you visit, you will be rewarded with great fried chicken and wonderful service.Writing this review while we waiting to get our food. It's been 40min +. The restaurant is not busy at all. Most of my  party is getting irritated  waiting.The guy who stands out back soliciting customers from the market is awesome!!  He is so friendly and helpful, he really made my day!
Now for the food, chicken was excellent but the Mac and cheese was to die for!!!!!  I am not a fan of parsley so next time I will order without but seriously he was sooooooooo good!
Cade was my server and he was great. Attentive, friendly and never rushed me.
I would highly recommend Fiorellas.We came for supper and this place is a must for red beans and rice w/ sausage. Also the tastiest fried chicken omg!
Highly Recommended!I have no idea why this place has gotten such bad reviews? We go everytime we are in New Orleans and have received great service and as the title states "The BEST fried chicken and mashed potatos...anywhere! Listen to a seasoned reviewer! Go try it! : )this time we went for lunch instead of dinner, a big mistake.  our server was very laid back in approach and the fried chicken was not good at all.  the red beans and rice with sausage  was tasty.    we are hoping it was just an off day or different cooks.  might go back to dinner to see if it is any different.Sat in the back room which smells like rancid grease. Ordered the fried chicken, was okay but wouldn't go out of our way for it. The shrimp étouffée was very good and our server was sweet though possibly hungover, but hey its Mardi Gras!We stopped here because it was too far to walk to look for beignets at Cafe du Monde. I ordered the red beans and rice with a pork chop. Not bad; the beans were seasoned well, topped with white rice. The chop was grilled and a nice compliment. The coffee was bitter and needed help, but overall a good experience. Would recommend if other restaurants were packed or had a wait.We went late Friday night.  I loved our server.  We got four orders of fried chicken and red beans and rice.  He red beans and rice are fantastic.  Chicken was a little dry for two of us but would definitely go back.Total dive, but they had excellent juicy fried chicken. Three of us had the fried chicken and one of us had a half muffuletta sandwich that was so big that it could have fed a small family. It was a good thing that I didn't get the full sandwich! Prices were affordable, great view of the french market, wait staff was polite and attentive.AWESOME FRIED CHICKEN!!!  Stopped here for lunch, as our first stop in NOLA.  Definitely a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant.  Fried Chicken was awesome, but very greasy!  Great price - I think I paid $8/$9 for a 3 piece white chicken meal  Also, beer bucket specials were great for the group.  $10 but 5 beers!  Service is a little slow and under staffed.
Also, the fried pickles were yummy too!Our first visit to NOLA was filled with excellent meals and Fioella's was one.  While on a Trolley tour, the operator as we passed Fiorellas near the French Market commented, "the best fried chicken in NOLA is had right there on your right side
We had a great dinner, I had the 4 piece fried chicken combo with mashed potatoes and gravy while my wife had the Eggplant parm.  I do not usually eat fried chicken out however this was a masterpiece.  The breading had a great crispness and taste which was highlighted with spices and garlic. I ordered the 4 piece combo and took two pieces back.  The pieces were large and moist and totally drenched in the breading. The potatoes were homemade with a thick and tasty gravy.  The eggplant according to my wife was a 10 and to top it off a piece of cheese cake with raspberry topping.
Do not expect a fancy decor, Fiorellas is a small casual place near the French market as with alot of small NOLA places you may have to wait.First of all, the place definitely needs an update, but don't let that run you off before you try the food. Also, the staff is very entertaining. Now, the fried pickles are 100% off the chain. The best fried pickles I have ever,ever had. Next came the fried chicken and red beans. 200% the best fried chicken on the restaurant circuit I have ever eaten , and the red beans run a close second to some familiar beans in town. Overall, don't let the staff and the appearance of the restaurant stop you from enjoying good food. It is worth the risk. Believe me, you will enjoy.Fantastic food, service, atmosphere and price.  
Our experience at Fiorella's was absolutely phenomenal.  Our waitress was excellent (she even apologized for the "wait" for our chicken while we were still eating our salad and probably had been there for AT MOST 10 minutes).  Love the feel of the old drafty restaurant(hey it's the middle of January, I liked it).   Considering what some restaurants charge in the Quarter this place is also a steal.  The fried chicken was absolutely out of this world (the comment I made to my girlfriend after I took my first bite was "I feel like I have been lied to about how fried chicken is supposed to taste for my entire life").
We had the bread and marinara for an appetizer so we could avoid doing two fried dishes at a combined dinner/lunch and justify a stopover at Cafe du Monde afterward.  Bread had an excellent texture and was obviously fresh (like everything else) and the marinara was incredibly delicious.  The marinara had a perfect balance between all flavors - not too "tomatoey" or "bitter/vingeary" that went excellent with the bread.  A perfect subdued appetizer.
We followed up that with a Grecian salad which was wonderful as well.  We really appreciate fresh greens and delicious dressing and this had it all.  Add to that being well mixed with fresh cucumber, tomato and olives and this would have been the star of our table if it was not for...
The chicken.  It is the best I have ever had, what more can I say.  As soon as it arrives you will realize you have never seen anything with the words "fried" in it before look this delectable.  The coating is delicious and has a great level of spice, the inside is moist and falls right off the bone.  We chose the red beans and rice side and that was among the best I have had for that dish as well.
We will return here again without hesitation.  The only downside was I left our leftovers at Cafe du Monde afterward.  Tragedy!
P.S.  After seeing other reviews here I should specify we went at 3:30PM on a Saturday... definitely an off hour, so I myself would probably avoid this place during heavy eating hours based on what others have said.Theirs is the BEST fried chicken in the quarter, that we have ever tasted. It's definitely a MUST TRY.Great waitress,fried pickles, and gumbo can't beat it! Very authentic and large portionsOnce you enter, don't let the post apocalyptic decor fool you. The fried chicken and po boys are awesome, the hurricanes are flavorful and strong, and the service is better than average. Overall, a nice place to stop in the French Quarter.Good fried chicken, good drinks, friendly staff! Only one tv, so not really for watching sports games, but good enough when everyone else is packed!UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP!!!!!
I'm not a hard person to please. I don't complain a lot. I love food of all kinds, and eat well and often. BUT... I will say this was one of the worst meals I've ever had, and my companions agreed.
I know Fiorella's has a lot of positive reviews on here, and they WERE well deserved. When I first ate at Fiorella's a few years ago, I had a pleasant experience.  But Fiorella's of today is under new management as of their reopening about a month or so ago, and they are doing the name a disservice.
The service was painfully bad. It took us about 7 minutes to even get menus and a drink order in, and 10 minutes to get our beer after we ordered it. When a second beer was ordered, it had to be ordered twice, and it still took about 7-10 minutes to get it after the 2nd request, at which point all she said was, "Sorry, I forgot." I don't know if it was her first time waiting tables, but even if it was, it was inexusable. Every aspect of it was bad, including her repeated efforts to slide dishes across the table, with the same result: shoving the tablecloth around and pushing flatwear onto the ground. I left the 2nd worse tip I've ever left (only 10%), and I don't feel bad about it. And as a veteran of the service industry (6 years of waiting tables, and 2 years of cocktailing), I have a lot of understanding and patience, and enough knowledge to know when it's the kitchen's fault, and when it's simply bad service. This fiasco was both, that's for sure.
Then the food....
We started with fried pickles. And they were excellent, and are the reason I even felt comfortable giving them even the one star in this review. Seasoned well, piping hot, a large portion. YUM! We were encouraged. 
Then the entrees. 
My out of town guest got red beans and rice. The beans were a little firm, but the taste wasn't terrible. She added A LOT of hot sauce, but I don't know if it was because the dish was underseasoned, or if she's a hot sauce addict.
My boyfriend (a chef) got fried porkchops, with sides of veges and mashed potatoes. He said the potatoes were good, but the veges... I took one look at them and said they looked like those frozen bags of mixed veges you get at the supermarket, overcooked (boiled, I think). He confirmed that they were, and barely touched them. His porkchops were horribly underseasoned, and he didn't understand why they didn't use the same batter on those that they had on the pickles. Said the meal would have been a lot better if they had. As it was, he said they were bland, and didn't even bother to fully eat them.
I had the eggplant parmigan. And it was almost inedible. It was 2 very thin slices of panfried eggplant served over undercooked fettucini, and SMOTHERED with the worst tomato sauce I've ever had. I spent the first 2 minutes trying to scrape it off to the side. I'm pretty sure they opened a SYSCO can of "unseasoned tomato sauce" and just dumped it on top of the dish. There was a very small smattering of dried oregano and Parmesan over top. I ate the eggplant (which wasn't terrible, once I scraped off the horrific sauce), took a few bites of pasta, and gave up. I have NEVER in my life left a plate full of food. I ALWAYS take my leftovers... I love leftovers like nobody's business. Last night, I left a full plate of food. It was almost inedible. If I hadn't been so hungry, I wouldn't have eaten it at all.
I don't think we were the only ones disappointed in our meals. As we sat at the outside table, someone leaving the restaurant stopped by and handed us a business card from the restaurant with "Good for one free entree" written on the back, dated that same day. He said he didn't want it and we could have it. I was excited at the time (it was pre-food arrival), but I won't ever use it, as I will never go back there. I'm going to give it to the next gutter punk that harrasses me for change. Maybe they'll like it. 
I guess that's my final statement on Fiorella's: 
I won't even eat their food if it's free.
EDITED:
Also, the bathroom was so disgusting I almost threw up. They JUST reopened after changing ownership. You'd think someone would have hosed down the bathrooms or something. But it was worse than the ones at dive bars across the street.Great food and service. Get the fried chicken.."you wonyIt looks like a hole in the wall place, which it is. But the staff is super friendly, helpful, warm very welcoming. Best Fried Chicken ever in life...THE ENDService was pretty bad here, we didn't get served for quite some time and the door kept swinging open on us at the back, so we kept getting a cold draft which was annoying. 
My beer was pretty flat, though they did offer to replace it. 
I didn't get the food but tried the sausage po boy and the fries. I liked the fries and the sausage was pretty average. The fried chicken looked a little over cooked, but I didnt try any.Wow I should have read more reviews before heading there. The food took a full hour and even then no explanation or apologies were offered. Po'boy not worth mentioning as was the pasta. Very disappointing dining experience.Stumblin' around the French Quarter on my one free day in New Orlean, hungover, I needed something good and comforting to eat.  I did not want to step into a bar at all that afternoon.  Luckily, we found Fiorella's Cafe. We ordered their famous fried chicken with a side of mac n' cheese, and a bowl of corn and crab bisque.  Everything was perfect--the fried chicken was really delicious, and the breast piece was juicy and cooked thoroughly. Not too salty.  The mac n' cheese was awesome! The corn and crab bisque was just what my hungover body needed to replenish my electrolytes. 
I left a happy camper, since I had a difficult time finding good food to eat in this city. 
Only complaint... the bathrooms were dirty and out of date. Service was also a little slow, but we were warned of that when the signs on the wall said that everything was made to order.I thought I had written a review for here. Odd.
After the change of ownership, i brought my girly here. The beer glasses were good the food was no longer the brilliant renditions I was used to. 
I think the new owner's cooks follow the written recipes perfectly...but the old owners did not type them out completely.
Totally lacking.So, listen... I don't really like fried chicken... I am woman enough to admit that.  I came because my parents rave about the fried chicken and shrimp... 
I tried the fried chicken, and it was a.m.a.z.i.n.g.  Seriously.  
The mac and cheese as well as the southwestern corn was really good, also.
The atmosphere is dark and dive-like, which I appreciate.  The servers were all funky and very friendly.  
This place is great. 
I am now obsessed with their fried chicken.Food was so good. The fried chicken tasted like real home made southern fried chicken like my Mississippi mother in law makes. The oyster po boy was bomb. I didn't have to add anything to it. Server was very attentive but not an annoying interrupter. Left her a good tip. Check this place out for sure!!! I only give reviews if I can leave a perfect one. If I can't say something nice I don't say anything.I recently had a craving for an oyster po-boy.  I went to Fiorella's, but alas, no oysters.  Before absolutely confirming this, the waitress turned around and asked one of the owners sitting at the table directly behind her.  The owner apologized to me and explained it had been hard finding decent oysters, so she wasn't serving them that day.  
Thrown off course for a moment, I finally decided on the shrimp poboy as a substitute.  I was glad I chose shrimp over italian sausage.  The breading was perfect(!) and just a little spicy.  The shrimp were sliced sideways and piled high atop the pillowy toasted french toast.  The fries were great as well, and this is coming from a "I only eat onion rings" kinda gal. 
My mom had red beans and rice...but then of course, it was Monday.  Since she stole a few shrimp from my plate without asking, I got a few forkfuls of her meal.  It was tasty!  Not exactly perfect, like 'insert favorite relative's name here' (in my case, my grandfather) used to make, but pretty tasty.
On my next visit, I look forward to the illusive oyster poboy and I think I need to try their eggplant chips.  Oh, and if I hadn't been so dead-set on getting a poboy, I would have tried their fried chicken.  It looked awesome, and judging from the breading on the shrimp, must be divine.
My only complaint was that since it was so close to a few cheesy frozen-daiquiris-in-plastic-foot-tall-neon-green-alien-cup establishments, there were a few fratties that walked in, then back out again.  Not Fiorella's fault, that would be all of the silly frat boys.Okay, first off.. the chicken WAS wonderful! The red beans & rice was also the best I had during my whole trip. That being said, the service in this place is TERRIBLE. Our party of six waited for about 20 minutes just to get our drinks ordered. Then after waiting another 20 minutes or so, we were finally able to find our waiter and place our order. After we received our order, we never saw our waiter again. Had to get our check from the bartender. No matter how good the chicken, I won't be back.This place has a soft spot in my heart for two reasons.
1) I ate here for the first time on a New Year's trip with my husband.  My hubby found this place on a walk while I was holed up in our hotel room with a backache.  He came into the room and said, Honey, I know how to make you feel better, I found the most fabulous authentic N'awlins dive that says it serves the best fried chicken in the city."
I was in.  We walked over to the place, sat down and proceeded to order just about everything on the menu.  We started with a gumbo that was full of personality (I don't really want to know how) and followed it up with THE best fried chicken I've ever had.  We had to wait almost 30 minutes for it (they make it from scratch when you order it) but it was sooo worth it.
2) About three years ago I ran a marathon in New Orleans.  I confess that the entire reason I picked New Orleans was that I could proceed to eat without guilt for a couple of days afterwards.  The first meal I asked for after finishing the race was at Fiorella's.  My parents came with us and, foodies that they are, were a pit put off by the ambience but, once the food started coming, I could tell they were sold.  
We plan to go back to New Orleans this winter to help rebuild houses and, believe me, Fiorella's is already on the short list of places to visit.Sad experience, service is poor and took a very long time to serve my order. I could not get fried chicken since they were changing their oil and ordered catfish instead, which was not worth the money.