Been eating here for 20 years.. Somehow the quality has went down and the prices have went up..  Hopefully one day 5 Happiness will get it's act together.  Best avoid for now until they stop producing bland chinese like but really not food.Excellent from beginning to the end! I'm questioning the validity of the negative reviews here.  The hostess was nice and seated us at a booth near a window. I'm assuming this is the older mean lady in the negative reviews. Our waitress was friendly and suggested appetizers. We had the coconut shrimp and it was great. Our chicken fried rice and beef and broccoli were very good as well. It's a Sunday and this place is crowded with what appear to be locals. Everyone looks as happy with their meal as we were with ours.Best Chinese actually within the New Orleans city limits.  Everything on the menu and special board is grade A fantastic.  I've never had a single bad item here in years and years and years of faithful patronage.  They deliver too, but at the cost of freshness (which is important in great Chinese).  Dine in for a great setting and superior food.The restaurant was clean and well kept.  The service was lackluster.  The food was ok, and the egg drop soup that everyone seems to rave about was equally so.  Maybe it was just the night we went.  I'm willing to give it another try.Great food terrible drinks. I ordered a mojito, it came with no mint which was awful, a mojito needs mint it's part of the drink so disappointed. Everything else was great but don't sell a mojito that is clearly not a mojito.Five Happiness is the Chinese food of childhood...only a little fancier.  They've done a great renovation on the inside and it's really pretty, but you pay for the pretty in the prices.  Because of all the smaller rooms, it's a great place to bring a large group.
I'm a big fan of the shrimp toast and the moo shu.  My niece got the triple dragon and really liked it.  
Plus they have all the ridiculous 1950s tiki style drinks.  And even the shirley temple comes with a fans & fruit.Egg Drop Soup, was good. The Poo Poo Platter's serving size is a little weird. You get 2 of ea & to make it 3 of ea. It's like an extra $4.. The shrimp toast was awesome!! General TSO Chicken was good. The lunch size plate was enormous!There have been so many Chinese restaurants in New Orleans over the years. Many have come and gone but there is a reason Five Happiness is still here, consistency and quality. This isn't an "Asian-fusion" place, it is a place to go when you think of traditional Chinese food.This place has the best Chinese food. Their wonton soup is amazing. I have tried other Chinese restaurants but 5 Happiness is my favorite. Their food is always fresh and delicious. So many items I have eaten and always enjoyed it.We have been driving past Five Happiness for over 20 years and never stopped in to give it a try, until tonight, and we are very glad we did.  The service and food were great!  We love Chinese Food, and we have found it hard to find good Chinese Food in the region.  Five Happiness is the place.  It has been open for 37 years which says a lot about the quality of the food and service.  We ordered hot tea, egg rolls, Shrimp Fried Rice and Kung Pao Chicken.  The portions where huge, and we were able to bring a large amount home with us.  Everything was very good, and we will be back again!Always great service! We walked right in and were seated immediately. Our waiter was friendly and personable. The food was hot and yummy. I had the Hunan Shrimp. It was tasty with just the right amount of spice.Unfortunately New Orleans does not offer a wide selection of quality Chinese cuisines, so Five Happiness is my preference. My husband and I arrived on a Monday night, 20 minutes before closing, & was seated without question. I have been coming here for many years and ordering the same thing.  My husband & I share and still have enough to take home to our kids. 
Menu for the past twenty years:
Appetizer- One order of egg rolls (2 rolls)
1 order of shrimp fried rice
Main dish- Shrimp in Lobster Sauce 
My beverage- Hot Green Tea with a slice of lemon
The hot green tea helps with digestion. 
Location & Parking- The area is dimly lit so like most places in New Orleans you must extra vigilant and please don't leave valuables visible in your vehicle. There is a security guard posted outside of the restaurant. 
Overall I have not been disappointed.
I love the ambience, decor, americanized Chinese staff, and delicious food. It is casual dress & great for couples & groups.Hands down the VERY BEST Chinese food in New Orleans year after year and every bit as good as any Chinese restaurant in the country!!!
It's THE PLACE the Chinese community goes to eat and congregate as do Chinese visitors to the city. Need I say more!
The food is perfection and to die for. The portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. The service, ambiance and the attention paid by the owners (Peggy and Rose) to detail and the individual customers make every meal both fun and unforgettable.This is one of the best restaurants I've been to in my life.  I've eaten there twice on visits to New Orleans.  Amazing Chinese food.  The best, fastest service I've ever experienced. Great, fast cocktails.  Very reasonably priced.  Big, yummy portions.  Did I mention how good the service is? The service is the BEST!Oh five hapiness :( I use too love your food it was the only place i would even think to order from.Over the last few yrs the food has went down.My mom and dad use to go there 20 yrs ago and their was the owner walking around and if there was a problem she was right on it.Last 3 times we ordered food was no beuno:( Kind of pricey but was so worth it ,but not now oh how i will miss yaTasty but not authentic.  Even the stuff ordered off the secret Chinese menu was not authentic. 
I had a beef dish that roughly translates to dry-pan stir-fried beef, a Szechuan dish.  It came with carrots which was just weird, and was super salty, and not at all spicy.  But being a semi-fried meat, it did still taste good.  
The sauteed green beans were doused in some kind of gooey brown sauce.  I ordered it with garlic sauce, expecting it to just be garlic, but alas...maybe I should have specified NO sauce, just garlic.  My american friends thought it was delicious though.  
The three-delights soup had big chunks of broccoli and carrots.  It was otherwise unmemorable.  
Peking duck (which is on both menus) could have been seasoned a bit more.  They do provide wraps, sauce and green onion to wrap the duck in--but the wrap was a straight up tortilla!  If you've never had real Peking duck it all tasted fine, but the wraps are supposed to be a thin, delicate crepe so the feel and texture was all wrong.  It just showed me that they don't make an effort to be authentic.  
As their clientele mostly can't tell the difference, I guess I can't blame them.  ( I know that makes me sound obnoxious, but it's true...my American friends really thought it all tasted great)  I just had my hopes up since the secret Chinese menu is actually written only in Chinese, meaning that you have to have some understanding of Chinese language, and hence culture, to even order off of it.  For all that effort I might as well have gone to P.F. Chang.I have eaten here many times in the past.  It is with our t a doubt the best chinese food i have ever had.  The atmosphere is serene and great for a date night or a small party.  I tell everyone that this is a must visit if they visit New Orleans!
Cons
Waiter was not very attentive.  The lady that was bussing the tables around us was by far better.
You should be able to have your choice of fried rice with the dinner platter.  My husband is allergic to shrimp so he could only get white or brown rice because you can't get any other fried rice :(Consistent and great food. Their soup is also very good. Large restaurant, so there is plenty of seating. Casual dress or jeans. Their decor is very nice, especially the kimono hanging up in the main dining room.Always a great dining experience. Food is excellent. Very consistent. Service is fantastic. Love the mandarin chicken. My boyfriend got the moo shu pork. I love the two sauces that they bring out to every table.Called in an order for hot and sour soup and egg rolls on Thursday 10/12. The soup was good as usual but the egg rolls were sitting in a pool of oil in the togo box. No hot mustard or sauce came with the order. Last time I had similar issues with their food. Last time for me to order from them.I really enjoy eating at Five Happiness.  I have never had anything I didn't like.  From the egg drop soup to the fortune cookie.  Everything is always fresh & hot.  The wait staff has always been satisfactory to me.  Love this place!!Great food great service. Best Chinese restaurant in the city. I would recommend anyone to try it once. It looks small and simple from outside but it's actually very classy inside. I came for lunch but will come back for a nice dinner with friends again.I absolutely love their food. It's healthy (you can ask to have it cooked without MG), fresh, tastes great and I never get tired of it (delivery).I love 5 Happiness!! their Vegetable soup is sooooo good!!! & recently they have added a Cool (Summer?) menu - tonite I got the Asparagus & Chicken mmmm - sooooo good!!!! I also have tried their Eggplant something - it is HEAVEN . . . it is just a bunch of eggplant cooked in a brown sauce, it was a special, sorry I can't remember the name but it is sooooo awesome! & another fav of mine is the Citrus Chicken - de-lish!!! the wait staff are fantabulous!!!!Five Happiness has always our go to stop when we visit New Orleans. The food is always "right on" and the service was impeccable. Can't wait for my next visit to the Big Easy to indulge in some more Five Happiness.It used to be a pretty decent restaurant to visit a few years ago, but it has since declined in quality. The ingredients are third tier now, they are definitely cutting corners. Like, no crab in the crab rangoon type of stuff. I could eat here if I was very hungry and didn't want to search anywhere else...Decent food in a pretty good environment if you care to dine in. The restaurant has been catering to locals and local businesses for years so it has a pretty established customer base. The downside is that, some dishes have gone down a bit in quality over the years.Compared to most Asian places in New Orleans Five Happiness is really good.  I usually get the General's chicken and am not disappointed.  I think the fried rice could be better, and it is a bit on the pricey side but over all it's pretty good.  Oh, and if you're looking for authentic Chinese food this is not the place.  Otherwise you'll probably enjoy yourself.Best chinese in the city, probably.  But Christ, we're in New Orleans.  The chinese food in the city sucks!  Five Happiness tries it's best in a city with no love.Great Chinese food and they deliver to old Metairie.  Only problem is their prices are a bit high.  Food is great though.Hands down the best Chinese Restaurant here in NOLA. YES it's a little pricier than your average Chinese Restaurant but it's totally worth it. They do Chinese dishes with a little twist. Try the Crispy Pepper Beef OMG it's so good, if you want something light you can try their lettuce wraps. Their menu has a large selection of Chinese cuisine and if you want to customize your dish just simply ask the server and they'll do it for you like if you wanna switch up the sauces you can totally do it. One of my favorite dish is the CITRUS chicken and it has a sweet, tangy and spicy sauce to it definitely a must try and Oh don't forget to also try their TIKI bowl cocktail. Make sure to share it with someone because you might end up drunk at the end of your meal. LOL!!! 
This restaurant has been open for 30 years now and it has a local following so it will be here to stay and the owners are friendly, service is fast but if they are busy be ready to wait a little longer. Go try it and ask for server named Tommy or Carlo. Best servers we've had. And for those who said they have nothing GOOD at Five Happiness clearly there's something wrong with them because this restaurant is probably older than you and it's gonna be here forever and it's here to stay.  CIAO!!!  :)Delicious menu and helpful staff.  Sketchy part of town.Been living in NOLA for about 6 years now and I havn't stopped coming here.  The lunch specials come out quick, the food is always delicious.  I can have a great meal and be back at work in less than an hour.  PERFECT!I'm seriously astounded by all the positive reviews. 
$24 for two lunch specials is egregious for this kind of restaurant. I suppose I'd be ok with that if my spicy dishes were, you know, spicy. Or if my "fresh" vegetables weren't so obviously frozen. Or if my beef wasn't so fatty. Or if my egg rolls weren't so greasy. Or if my shrimp fried rice had any sort of taste to it.
Or if we had eaten somewhere else.The food tastes like oil and plastic. Horrible Restaurant... Its suppose to be the best in New Orleans.. but the worse compare to anywhere else. 
We had 4 different dishes.. and they all tasted the same and looked the same. 
The mushroom I had in one of the dishes.. seriously tasted like plastic! I was scared after I ate it!
We ended up NOT eating our food and moved on. The waitress was nice and tried to accommodate us she felt bad.. but there is nothing she could.. she is not the Chef! 
It was sad we had to spend all this money. 
Seems like it was hard to find good food in New Orleans!The food here is good and the portions are large - you can basically split a dinner entree between 2 people so that's kind of cool :)
HOWEVER the service here is horrible! I have been to this place about 5-6 times and there was only ONE waiter who wasn't totally oblivious to the fact that he/she had a table of people waiting to order, waiting on their drinks, waiting on their foods, getting the check and to go boxes. Each and every time besides that ONE awesome experience I've had to go ask the people at the counter for my check and to go boxes because the waiter somehow forgets they have a table for OVER AN HOUR.......
If i go back here it'll probably be for take out because like i said the food here is pretty good but I think this place would seriously benefit by checking on their customer's tables more often. ALSO there will be plenty of open spaces inside of the restaurant, but they will still place people RIGHT next to each other; the last time I went the table next to us was not even a foot away and no one at our table could even hear each other over their constant chatter, so that was pretty miserable especially since there were MANY other open tables :/
Vegetarian eggrolls are an A+ though ;)Enter the foyer of this establishment and you think, "huh, seems nice.". Well, I guess we'll see, won't we??
They offer local craft beers like coors and coors light. 
Feeling seafood? Try some delicious seafood from New Orleans' many oceans.
Overlooking historic Kenny's house, this classic location features a mixed income aesthetic and classic Deep South Chinese fare.Best hot & sour soup anywhere I've had in the states. Their Peking eggplant (no pork) with brown rice is pretty yummy too. I've eaten many items but these are the only wow items I've found. 
The last few times I've order take out, the delivery gets worse and worse. Assume 30 more minutes than quoted. Stopped adding silverware, plates, napkins, sauces, etc too. I recommend pickup.This is a good eat in Chinese restaurant; the service was amazing. The food, though it is served in generous portions wasn't really all it was talked up to be... It was good but just not great.
I ordered the hunan shrimp; when it arrived I could see that they were by no means skimpy on the shrimp. The food went down smooth but really lacked any good seasoning to spice things up.
That afternoon I had a terrible headache; I did some research and discovered that the food this restaurant cooks contains MSG!!! I just don't get why so many Chinese can't comprehend its dangers; its a POISON for anybody. Some people are more resilient to MSG's short term effects than others but ultimately it toxicity has been long shown. PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS AND STOP USING IT!
Some of my family has informed me that you can request that they not use MSG in your food... but really... thats not something you should have to ask!
Though I really wanted to like this place I just cannot recommend it...We are always looking for reasons to get back to Five Happiness! My mom and I LOVE the chicken with black mushrooms, snap peas & shoots. The mushrooms are tender & so flavorful. Do yourself a favor and order some egg rolls to take home with you. They are divine!!I came here because i had to get my car fix right next door. This place is not good at all. For the price you pay. You rather go to a small chinese place and eat togo. Which will be way better. This place isnt worth your money. Your paying for the setting and not food.This place is a New Orleans institution and two back-to-back visits have shown me why. It's really delicious -- even the takeout holds up (I find that takeout is never a fair assessment of a restaurant since the food steams and doesn't compare to fresh from the kitchen dishes). General chicken, crab rangoon, and shrimp toast are the standouts, although dishes like chicken with hot garlic sauce compare to the best Chinese in NYC. Even their spicy mustard condiment is great.
The bar is great too, and they offer silly things like tiki bowls and tasty classic umbrella'd cocktails.
Agreed with other posters that it is pricey, but keep in mind that the portions are huge and you can easily get 2-3 meals out of one order. 
I believe they do still use MSG so be sure to specify no MSG when you order, otherwise if you have a craving for Chinese food that's slightly above your corner joint, give 5 Happiness a try.I'm not Chinese.  So lets not be confused about that.  I am however, Asian American (I'm so Americanized I don't really feel I need to specify) and have lived in areas with high concentrations of Chinese people/cuisine (LA, Chicago, NY).  I also love Chinese food.  Five Happiness has decent "Chinese food".  
I'm not hating on Five Happiness.  I eat here a couple times a month.  The portion sizes are good, the food tastes pretty good, albeit not really what I think of when I think of Chinese food.  I've had conversations with friends about this and I can't quite put my finger on what it is that makes their food taste almost "sterile" or "cookie cutter".  
I agree with everyone who says this is the best Chinese food in New Orleans though.  But that's like winning a race against a dead cat....or something.Atmosphere is better than its neighbor Chinese Kitchen but the food is slightly below, just slightly.  But you can't lose with this restaurant.  Very nice right on Carrolton by Xavier university.  If you don't feel like sitting down you can get take out.  great rice and lo mein dishes and the Mo Gai platter is very good.You know, living in NOLA as long as I did I kind of became jaded at first figuring that while New Orleans had a great food scene, it was just in Cajun/Creole cuisine and little else.
Then I went to Five Happiness.
I eventually realized how many great Asian establishments there are down south. While I never got to Trey Yuen on the Northshore (too far) I always enjoyed going to FiveHap. Never had anything bad here and the Crawfish Fried Rice in particular was outstanding. Of course, desserts weren't a speciality here but they usually aren't at Chinese places. Still, it was miles ahead of PF Chang's and most other Chinese places I had been to previously in other cities. If it's still around after Katrina, you gotta go.I eat here once or twice a month. I'm a big seafood eater and by far this place has the best crawfish meal I've tasted outside of the normal. Fried then Sautéed Crawfish Tails in a Brown Sauce with no vegetables and white rice. It's an excellent, filling meal. A must try if you are a fan of crawfish. The meals here are all great and the dining area is real elegant.I live in the university area and got delivery from 5 happiness twice. I got the General Tso's chicken both times. Both times delivery was about 20-40 minutes. The food was hot and tasted good. The plate of food i get is enough to fill me up 3 different times!!!!!! So it is very well priced. Go to China doll on the westbank if yu can...but 5 happiness is good if you are on this side of town and need delivery.Great place for delivery, and they will travel as far as where Central City meets the CBD and Lower Garden district.  It's Americanized recognizable stuff, but enjoyable and filling.The food is consistently good. The service is consistently bad. I am writing this review from my couch and in front of me is $30 of  food that is wrong and was served with a side of condescension, rudeness, and misinformation. I asked twice what vegetables were in the dish and was told that the one to which I am allergic is not included. I explicitly added that I did not want that vegetable in my food. Of course, there it is. Every phone call or encounter is difficult and curt. I like the food, but I truly hate giving these people my business and money.I walked in to place an order to go and there were 3 people taking orders and answering phones  no one spoke just gave us a dirty look sorry that you had to do your job.I think it was the owner walking around Ms .Rose if you are in fact the owner your staff needs to be trained in customer.I ordered 2 apps Crab Rangoon nothing but cream cheese i didn't see a piece of crab at all .The shrimp toast was so greasy i could have squeezed it and the oil would have just poured out.20 bucks for 2 apps not worth the money it was a waste of money.5 Hapiness you have  changed and for the worse.I was looking forward to a great meal. Instead, after explicitly requesting NO MSG, I came away with a severe reaction to MSG. They insisted no MSG. But, I can tell you I was indeed dosed with a large amount of MSG. I know what MSG poisoning feels like. This was SEVERE. Never going back.Yum, just yum. This place sets the standard for Chinese food in New Orleans. The pot stickers are huge and numerous (not to mention yummy). Oh, and the Mai Tais are REALLY good. Best fried rice in history - try the pork or shrimp, both are excellent. The moo shoo pork reminds me of what Mrs Lee used to make for us when we visited as kids. Phenomenal. Their specials are consistently good - try one and see!  You won't regret it.The place was slammed when we got there but we were there just to put in a to-go order.  They were really fast.  The staff was also extremely nice even though they were so busy.  
food was awesome.  tons of if too.  just got the standard combo stuff; mandarin chicken with fried rice and an egg roll.  really good.  and tons of it.
my lady got the shrimp and veggies and that was really good too.  well priced too for the quality and speed.  no complains.  i'll do it again in a heatbeat and try something new.My friend and I tried to order from here. We were Freret St and they refused to come here because Tulane had a football game today. Even though the game has been over for hours and Freret never closes. We overheard the girl talking to the driver, and he said he didn't want to drive there. Never ordering from hear again. Lazy driver that needs to be fired because he's costing the restaurant money.It is Americanized Chinese food, but I think that goes without saying. It seems to be a popular place for a business lunch because they are pretty fast. Although, I am not sure why every goes gaga over this place. The quality of the food is good and the fried chicken does not have a gross heavy hard batter so thats a plus. The rice is very bland with no flavor. The egg rolls are small and sad. The wonton soup is pretty good. My favorite thing is the kung poa shrimp but they don't offer it on the lunch menu.Solid experience all-around - very good Americanized Chinese.  Egg rolls came out with lightning speed and were greasy, but very good.  Entrees (sweet & sour pork, eggplant & pork in garlic sauce) were also solid and portions were huge (yielded enough for three additional small lunch meals).  Service was excellent and restaurant was spacious.  We were cautioned about the safety of the location by a local firefighter, but parking was well lit and a security guard posted.I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant, almost like being in the SF Bay area where good Chinese food abounds!
The pot stickers were huge and handmade and come in a generous 7, not 6 or 4 ! The hot and sour soup, was a little bland and could have had more mushrooms and fewer bamboo shoots but it was ok. The Shrimp Mu shu was very nice with loads of veggies shredded very thin and the plum sauce was delicious to go with and the thin pancakes were well done. 
The waitress was fast and very attentive 
Finding good Chinese in NOLA can be quite a challenge, I will certainly go back again.First visit was okay! Fast service ! Nice atomosphere. I placed and picked up a to go order at the bar. Took about 15. The serving portions are pretty large. Two people can share an entree. I had the mandarin chicken, fried rice and an egg roll. The food was just okay. It didn't really wow my taste buds. I would go back and maybe try something different.Coming from California and being able to have chinese in China town (or anywhere in the bay) this place is just bleh. 
And for my first dining experience after moving to NOLA, I wasn't impressed. The service wasn't up to par or professional. My noodles were cold when they arrived, and the rest of the food just wasn't right.
Probably won't be coming back on my own choice.I've eaten here several times over the past couple of years including yesterday.  I was surprised to find that I had never written a review.  
Lots of free parking is available including the Pep Boys next door.  There are two buildings, one is the restaurant, one is the banquet room.  
The restaurant is pretty nice.  Not a surprise, Chinese decor.  It is always dark and cool.  The fabric in the booths is nearing the end of it's useful life, might be time to think about a little freshening.  I can't think of many nice sit-down dinner type Chinese restaurants in the area.  In fact, other than PF Changs, I can't think of any.  Maybe I need to look a little harder.
The service was excellent as usual.  We were seated immediately and drink orders were taken promptly.  They have a large menu, nothing spectacular, pretty much all the things you would find in a Chinese restaurant.  
The food quality runs from average to very good and, frankly, is not consistent from visit to visit.  Some days it is very good, some days not.  Yesterday, the pot stickers were good, they could have been a little warmer.  The egg rolls were no more than average although they did come with a great scorching hot horseradish/mustard dip.   The Hunan Deluxe was a nice large mix of shrimp, chicken, snap peas, those little corn ears, mushrooms but a very disappointing lack of heat.  I thought this was supposed to be spicy.  Ditto the Generals Chicken - large serving, OK taste, no heat.  None.  Nada.  Very disappointing.
4 stars for service, atmosphere and value, 2 stars for the food.    
A little over $50 for dinner, drinks and tip for two.Five Happiness serves the highest quality Chinese food in the greater Orleans area. They serve dishes full of fresh ingredients with consistency. Some of my favorite dishes are the Jade and pearl beef- the scallops are super yummy & the combo fried rice- not greasy at all. Give Five Happiness a try the next time you crave Chinese food. You won't be disappointedIt's great. I'm not sure what other people's problem is, there is nothing close by but trashy Mandarin restaurants to choose from. 5 Happiness is the standard, the rest just roll out whatever they decide to call food for the day.I actually had a pretty negative image about this place from past visits for dinner. Came here for business dinner with my work people and they usually served us at one of those private room at the back. Service was always good but the food was so freaking salty with soy sauce galore. BUT I went for lunch today thanks to my friend's suggestion and I must say I have changed my view. 
Lunch here is quite an amazing deal! I had Chicken with garlic sauce. Tons of veggies and great portion for price. On top of that, it comes with soup too! The service was great again. Left overs nicely packed and given to us when we were heading out. Order came out as we asked and it was not so salty this time so I do see myself coming back for lunch again. Never had an issue for parking spot. 
Ambiance wise, it is one of the nicest chinese food place in New Orleans up to my knowledge. Very clean. They have a full bar as well. 
Recommended for lunch overall. Take out chinese food in general are preferred for some people due to its low price but considering that Five happiness lunch plate is less than $10, i would come here for comfortable sitting and service.What happened to their pork fried rice quality?They must have different cooks recently because it is terrible.The rice is mealy and their is no seasoning whatsover.This place used to be a benchmark for good chinese cuisine but after the last couple of attempts(i always get pork fried rice with a couple of other things),I will be going to yungs in kenner or even chinese kitchen a couple of blocks down from 5 happiness.Get your rice corrected please!Lunch specials are the best prices for lots of food. But the food is so good I come back and pay dinner prices too. The vegetable soup and Hunan shrimp are my go tos.Best chinese take-out - hands down. I'm not fond of the ambience of this place, but take-out here is DEE-licious. All of the time. My favs are the crab rangoons, fried pot stickers, sesame chicken (non-spicy), fried rice. Sweet and Sour shrimp. All great! 
Like most places in NOLA, parking is limited.This is your stereotypical chinese restaurant, on an old school level.  The food is good and the atmoshere is nice.  It's nothing extrodinary, but it will definitely satisfy your chinese cravings.  I prefer a little more umph in my chinese food, but my friends love the place.  I thik alot of people like to go here because of the nastalgia.  I personally remember my dad taking me here as a child and we ordered the po-po platter and got a fancy umbrella in my drink.  Good times!!
Great place for family dining!!5 Happiness Restaurant isnt all that great. To me, their food tastes like any other Chinese food take out, just pricey. I don't get how this restaurant is usually packed. I've tasted better Chinese food than this. Maybe because I'm Asian, that's why I'm not crazy about Chinese food. LOLVery enjoyable Americanized Chinese, but the best in New Orleans per Gambit? 
I had a perfectly lovely dinner here tonight, and I assure you I will return when I'm in the neighborhood again. For a Monday night the place was practically bustling. Although it's certainly casual, the decor is surprisingly upscale and contemporary. Service was friendly and super quick.
Food, about what I would expect at any Chinese place, really. I had the eggplant with pork in Peking sauce which seems to amount to a mostly sweetened, somewhat tangy sauce. Very flavorful mind you. The option of having brown rice with the meal won me over, I have to say.
Most promising was that the table next to me had about 20 native Chinese enjoying a banquet of some sort. Leads me to believe there must be some authenticity to the food! And, the fact that they were having a good time contributed to a lively and festive mood in the restaurant all around.
Gambit readers rate it one of their favorites in the city. I dunno, I say it's pretty good. But think for comparable type establishments, one can hardly do better than Hoshun on St. Charles in the lower Garden District. That's what got my Gambit vote anyway!I ate there over this past weekend and became ill. I called this morning to inform the manager and was told by PJ "you should have called yesterday" and "we sold a million of those dishes and nobody else got sick."When I'm on a Chinese kick, I can't order anywhere else but Five Happiness. Their food is a little on the pricier side but it is WAY delicious. I can't get enough of their sweet and sour pork. Their fried rice always on point. It's moist, not hard and NOT greasy.I'll start with, it was Christmas Eve so maybe not the best night to judge. The wait was 45 minutes in a packed lobby. When we finally got seated it took 20 minutes to find a manger to get us water. We ordered our dinner when the water finally arrived. We were put in the middle of a lot of big tables full of very drunk and loud revelers. I mean loud. Literally during a lull, I realized there was a baby screaming. I couldn't hear it over the noise.  The table behind me got into an impromptu conversation with table beside us to discuss the Saints. No one got up they just shouted.  
When we did get served the food was awful. I got the egg foo young.  Honestly, the shrimp was perfect.  But for some reason, it was covered with a gelatinous gravy like sauce that made it heavy and flavorless. My wife got the soft shell crab; A house specialty dish. It was a plate of super thick greasy fried pancake batter Lots of it. However,  there was almost no crab or crab flavor.  The sauce was not the ordered black bean sauce. 
The whole time the decibel level was raging. When my son found a hair in his chicken and garlic, they took the plate away a didn't charge us for it. Well swell. Obviously, we're never going back.Our favorite Chinese Restaurant in town.   The food Is consistent and the service is timely.  The Moo Goo Gai Pan is best served spicy.Likely to never get to place an order as if they get too busy they will not deliver to you. They should really rethink having that they deliver on their website as they often will not. Not to mention the girl that answers the phones there seems to hate her job and not want to be there taking orders. Great food, too bad 3 out of 5 times I am denied enjoying it. Last time for me...hope they enjoy continuing to lose business.LOVE THIS PLACE! The tiki bowl will take you to outer space- and the crispy beef is AMAZING.The menu is very Americanized but I still love this place for what it is. Big cozy booths and salty chinese food makes for a pretty crucial hangover cure on weekends, and they have a generous lunch special available during weekdays. If you're looking for Chinese food in NOLA, go here.This place has some amazing chinese food. They don't go all gung-ho with the oil either. The lo-mein is to die for and the wonton soup is amazing. They make price-worthy cocktails and they have great seating options; booth, at the bar, tables, etc. The wait staff are all very nice as well. I ate here a handful of times in just one month. I couldn't get enough of it. If you haven't tried it yet and you're in the Carrollton area, stop by and eat. You won't regret it. This place is always packed and it's reputation of being awesome is pretty accurate. Check them out!So I came here Saturday and ordered takeout. Ordered an order of egg rolls, ribs, lomeng noodles with chicken and sweet/sour chicken. To my knowledge, I never had authentic Chinese to give expert advice on the topic; so I can only compare to what I've had in other restaurants. The noodles and sweet and sour chicken were above average than what I've had at other restaurants. The ribs and egg rolls were weak. Weak in portion and "wow factor";therefore I felt it was over priced. What I will say was that the place looked or atleast appeared spotless. Very clean. Aside from that I did notice someone who seemed to be in charge or ready for any customer complaint, which gives me a sense of quality control. 
I only gave it 3 stars BC it just wasn't a memorable or attempting to be over the top. It was "good".Not my favorite Chinese place around New Orleans but definitely my 2 nd favorite.
My wife and I have always had great meals here. Wether just us 2 or in a group of friends always great food and serviceI tried this place a few weeks ago, and I was not impressed.  Food is okay. Their dinner platter specials are a pretty good deal, about $12 for an entree, rice, and egg roll.  We had the moo goo gai pan and the hunan chicken, along with a side vegetable dish.  I don't find this place super authentic, but for americanized chinese food, this place is pretty average and fulfills any chinese food cravings one may have.  
Service was quick and efficient, we were seated right away.  There is plenty of parking available as well, which is a plus.I know it's Christmas there r a lot of ppl waiting to be seated. We kindly ask the hostess how long do we have to wait after almost an hour waiting. The hostess was very rude said stop asking her you don't have to eat here! Wtf....I gave it a shot when I saw that Gambit readers had given it the 'best' vote. I don't think it fully qualified, but it was good. I suppose I just expect more from New Orleans... Not when it comes to Chinese. 
The two of us had a big comfy booth, right next to a large obnoxious party. Happy 40th birthday! I just don't know why we had to sit RIGHT next to them, in an almost empty restaurant. I understand server-sections and the psycology of the dining room, but I don't think I should have had to be in the background of every birthday picture...I have been eating at five happiness for 25 years and they have spoiled me. Their food is always delicious and deliveryis consistent
It makes it hard when I travel to find food that lives up to itPretty good, considering how far it is from Chinatown (SF, not NYC). Decent handmade potstickers that they'll steam for you (vaguely reminsicent of dim sum), spicy food that actually is spicy, sauces that actually taste different from each other. Weird (but not bad) to eat in a Chinese restaurant that isn't playing crappy Chinese music. The tea is decent and the place is clean.
Does it seem that I am obsessed with cleanliness in restaurants? Must be from working in food-related jobs so long, reading 3-page health department write-ups, etc. Clean is good.This is by far the best Chinese Restaurant in the New Orleans Metro area. The crab ragoons and beef teriyaki are delicious and the Sizzling Go Ba and Shrimp with Lobster sauce are my favorite entrees.Best Chinese around , there's a reason they've been there for 35+ years. Our favorite dishes are the Crispy Pepper Beef and the Curry Chicken, but really I've never tasted anything here that I didn't love. Hands down best Chinese in LouisianaThe food is great, the prices are fine, but on a recent Saturday afternoon, the noise from the kitchen was at a totally unacceptable level.  It was not the sound of cooking; it sounded like a party was going on!  The very loud yelling and laughing went on during our entire meal.  This should be addressed by the management.Went in and placed an order to go.  The food was good - portions great - price good - wait time for the food good ....... But by the time I left I felt like I needed a salt bath from the negativity of the staff. Crazy / they are stepping over each other and then throwing major attitude when you correct them. There was 1 older lady who was pleasant - the 4 younger ones were obnoxious & rude & just seemed "put out" ..... And I'm an easy order - I can't imagine how they would deal with a difficult person. Owners/Managers need to wake up. I would be a regular because of the food but they lost future business because of the staff.I'm over 5 Happy. It's expensive, it's kinda gross, they're constantly messing up my takeout order. The workers are more than nice but... It's just really sub-par. It's conveniently located for pickup, so it's hard to resist, but I regret it every time.Transplant review: Been in NOLA for a little over a year and have yet to find good Chinese food(Americanized or otherwise). At last I've found a place that can sate my cravings. Went for dinner - 2 appetizers, two drinks(oolong tea and lemonade), and two entrees around $40 including tax.  Super attentive server and quite friendly. Ingredients were of good quality - nothing seemed frozen or canned. The menu has many options for both omnivores and veg-heads(moi). Best of all this food tasted like Chinese food from the Midwest. Though not exceptional by those standards, as for New Orleans, THIS IS THE BEST IN TOWN!
I was pleased overall with the taste, quality of food and service. The space is nice too.A consistent favorite of mine over the years!  One of the best WonTon soups in the city with almost a beef broth flavor to it.  I also had the beef & broccoli , veggie lo mein and egg roll!  Everything was great, as ordered.  The restaurant is clean. The service is good.  This is my favorite Chinese Food spot in the city!!After crashing what appeared to be an 8yr-old's birthday party (well, we were told by an 8 yr-old "This is a birthday party!!") in the Imperial Room, we made our way over to the actual 5 Happiness restaurant next door. The décor was nice and cheesy and the wait staff was very attentive during the entire meal. The jasmine tea was nice and refreshing. The Crab Rangoon was pretty good and the wonton soup was decent but had a strange taste of cinnamon? to it. My General's chicken was pretty standard, slightly higher quality than takeout, but maybe not worth the difference in price. The shrimp fried rice was the star of the meal for me. It had good sized shrimp and was just greasy enough. My friend had the special of the day which was ginger shrimp. The shrimp were a good size with a nice batter. The ginger sauce did contain ginger but also might have contained radioactive elements. (That neon orange color has always scared me.) Overall, a place to get decent Chinese food served on a plate instead of a box. I may go back if I was in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.Food was fine, three different dishes in our group. Not too seasoned. Service good, well prepared and fresh. Has been better in past.I ordered takeout on Thursday night.  i ordered the crab rangoon and the mandarin chicken.  Everything was still hot and fresh when I got home.  The service was impeccable.  I waited too long to  visit.  Will be back soon!If I could give this restaurant 100 stars I definitely would. This is one of my favorite restaurants in town! My personal favorite is the hot and sour soup which if you like spicy things I would definitely recommend this. The service is excellent! They are very kind and the service is very fast. I especially love how the owner comes around to your table and checks on you. If you are waiting for a table, the wait is not very long and they get you in and out but not in a rude way. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Quality seems to go up and down over the years but I've been going my whole life. Waited for over 30 mins at the restaurant to pick up my take out order only to be given someone else's food, so I decided to go somewhere else. I think I'll take another break from this place....OMG!  The best Chinese food of my ENTIRE LIFE!  After Katrina, I moved and tried to find Chinese food like at Five Happiness...  IT CANNOT BE FOUND OUTSIDE OF NOLA! Whenever I go home to NOLA, this is the FIRST PLACE I go to when I leave the airport!  Best food EVER!!!Not a fan. The food was extremely bland lacking any type of flavor other than a stir fry sauce which repeated itself in several menu items even though the menu described like dishes as different items. I would not go back here unless I was with a group and wouldn't want to cause a scene. However, I would definitely recommend to anyone. Very saddened because I've heard so many good things about this place.Super good Chinese!
I'm always a bit sketch ordering Chinese from places that are constantly changing ownership, but Five Happiness seems to have been around forever and everyone I've spoken to loves it!  I totally see why!
The prices are slightly steeper than other Chinese restaurants, but the atmosphere inside is nicer, the service is better, and the portions were substantial!  The food was delicious, not Oh My Goodness (juans flying burrito) I'm going to push people out of the way to return, but delicious enough that I'll only get Chinese from here now! 
I did like the amount of vegetable and non-fried options and the drink menu!
The Moo Shu Vegetables were worth returning!!!  I'm kind of craving Five Happiness for dinner now!This is our go to Chinese place in NOLA. Seems to be mediocre most times, but the food is alright. I go with the generals chicken but add extra spice. 
Service here is always really good, so no complaints there. They also have brown rice which is nice.The food here won't blow your mind but it hits the spot on a rainy day. Dinner is a little high but the lunch prices are good ... for $8 to $12 you get a large plate that includes your entree, rice, soup and noodles. The chicken with portobello mushrooms is especially good.Pretty good Chinese food. The egg rolls are awesome. The service is always good. Nice atmosphere. Been eating there for quite a few years. Never had a bad experience.Great, freshly prepared classic dishes.  Works well family style.  We had 6 kids with us, and the staff went out of their way to keep the kids entertained with fun drink fans and won ton bowls.Decent combination fried rice and good fried pot stickers! But am I willing to make my wallet cry for mediocre to maybe good food? Me thinks not!
Despite the many claims, this is NOT the best or even close to best chinese joint in NOLA. Dragon KIng wins against this place and "Chinese Kitchen" hands down!First of all, the food here is not bad. It's not great, but none of the Chinese food in New Orleans is great, so by comparison, it is higher than the very low bar. We have ordered from 5 Happiness at least 8-10 times per year for delivery for the past 10 years. And they happily and quickly delivered to us. This year, we moved 3 blocks away to the other side of Gentilly Blvd, and all of a sudden, that is "too far" and they don't deliver to "that" neighborhood. I call bullshit. Apparently 10+ years of loyal patronage of their over-priced mediocre food is not enough. Apparently, we are "too far" but they will deliver to Old Metairie. It is 3.6 miles from 5 Happniess to my house. It is 4.7 miles to my sister's house in Old Metairie. Hmmm...could something else be at play here?I have been looking for great Chinese since I left San Diego  (6 years ago) and I still have not found it. Went for lunch today, Crab Rangoon's were great but it had very little crab, the pepper shrimp was good, needed lots of soy and the vegetables could have been left in the wok 1/2 minute longer, won ton soup and egg drop soup , fresh and good, but like every thing else nothing was seasoned very well. The service was fine, the food was fresh and naturally prepared, but it was not seasoned propperlyAverage food served in large portions. I recently went for lunch and the service was extremely slow. We were seated quickly and our beverage order was taken quickly. After that, we had to wait a considerable amount of time for the server to return to take our full order. Our crab rangoon app was tasty and arrived quickly. Our meals, Moo-Shu pork and Hunan Chicken took a while to arrive. While we were there, the restaurant emptied and there were only 4 other tables with diners. The portions were generous but they tasted bland. Our server did not check back with us the entire time that we were eating. We wanted refills on beverages and weren't able to get any. When she finally came and we asked for refills and our check, and she returned quickly. We then had to wait 13 minutes for her to take our payment. Before this meal, I had not eaten here in years and I won't return any time soon.My favorite Chinese restaurant anywhere!  This is the only Chinese restaurant I have ever know that freshly prepares actual fresh chicken and other meats and not the frozen breaded stuff poured out of a frozen food bag.  An excellent, well known New Orleans favorite!This place makes me depressed. Probably because I love Chinese food, I grew up on Chinese food, and the food here is nothing close to real Chinese food. It's americanized Chinese food. This is the kind of Chinese food that you can get at a fast food stand in a mall from a small town that clearly hasn't really been exposed to actual Chinese food. That's what I've been exposed to in my experience. Sometimes I secretly hope they have a secret "real" Chinese menu, I've inquired about some dishes not on the menu and the people at the restaurant had no idea what I was talking about. Boo.
I mean, if you're looking for americanized Chinese food, I guess this is the place to go in New Orleans. However, if you're looking for something closer to real Chinese food, I would suggest going to Dim Sum at Panda King on the West Bank or Jung's Golden Dragon (note. order from their Chinese menu).
I often crave my meat dishes and fried rice, but I know I really can't rely on the fried rice at all here, it just doesn't taste like real fried rice... it's just sort of bland rice that has too much soy sauce. What makes it worse is that Five Happiness is pretty steep, I know they give big portions, but since I noticed that the majority of people order their own dishes instead of sharing individual dishes like traditional Chinese restaurants, it is a bit much, especially if you're constantly taking food home and it looks like you haven't eaten anything.
I often find their dishes to be too sweet, or too salty due to the use of too much soy. The closest thing to a real tasting Chinese dish in this restaurant is the beef and broccolli, that's sort of depressing to me, especially since the sliced beef they used had way too much fatty bits.  Egg drop soup is somewhat decent but I find it sometimes watery, and traditionally Egg Drop soup has more egg white and more strips of chicken.  Mushu Pork, I can deal...
I just find it a bit unfortunate that people perceive this to be the epitome of Chinese food, when in reality it's not Chinese food.my food was horrible ... they didn't devein the shrimp! i don't know about y'all.... but i don't want to see black shit up the back of my shrimp!!!  i think that is very nasty & the food had no taste!!!  but the drink...tiki was good... i will never eat here again!!! then you can't substitute nothing!!!Well I am not that picky when it comes to Americanized "Chinese" food.  I do look for a few things, great hot and sour soup, hand made dumplings, and of course crab rangoon, although in some parts of the country they are called crab rangoo.  
Anyway...All three of these items have been great both times.  The soup is full of mushrooms, carrots, tofu, and pork strips. In a rich brown broth and has the perfect balance of sour and spice. The crabrangoon are plump, full of krab meat, cream cheese and green onions.  I have only tried the vegetarian dumplings, but they are hand filled and formed in a house made shell.  PERFECTLY THICK and delicious! 
:)I eat here
 often, while it's not the best Chinese food I've ever had, it's the best in NOLA.My hubby and I had no holiday plans so we Went on xmas without reservation and told it was a 40 minute wait. We were super hungry but this is Very understandable given the holiday so we waited. Once we convinced the kid sitting at the bar (not drinking) who was with his mom standing next to bar drinking a frozen drink to move we has 2 seats to sit at the bar and enjoyed a wonderful meal. After only one drink they called our name making it only a 20 min wait but we were comfortable in the corner 2 seats of the bar and thought The bartender was lovely so we decided to stay at the bar. We were served drinks and food and it was all fantastic. We had hot and sour soups, steamed veggie dumplings, crab rangoon to start. Main meal was spicy broccoli and veggie mu shu. We hadn't had Chinese food in the city for years but we def won't wait til next xmas to go back when in the mood.Always a fan of this place!!  The sweet and sour shrimp is really good.  It's fairily dark in the inside.Hands down best duck in town man that duck sauce can't be found anywhere else. Minced shrimp or chicken lettuce wraps is off the chain, pay a little extra and get beef instead. When I'm in The Big Easy I gotta have my 5 happy fix and stop by to say hi to Ms. Peggy.The food was salty and below average. You could go to any Chinese delivery and get equal or better for the price. Don't order general's chicken or shrimp fried rice.After reading some reviews, I was very skeptical about ordering take out. Let me tell you, I was surprised at how wrong most of the reviews were.
I called in a go order. First, they were very nice and patient over the phone ( that's not very common when ordering any kind of take out). I ordered a won ton soup... HOLY DELICIOUSNESS.. This soup is the best I have ever had! The flavor is PERFECT! It's not just some beef broth. I asked for general chicken... This is the best general chicken I have ever put in my mouth! It is seasoned perfectly but the best part is how lightly battered it is! Giving you more chicken than bread, meaning you get exactly what you are paying for!!! The vegetable lo mein is great! I asked for less vegetables in it and I got exactly what I wanted! I highly recommend this place!!!!Best Chinese you'll find in the city. If you're looking for Chinese Food, hands down, this is the place to go. Ive been many many times and never had come away unHAPPYThere are a million different types of sauces in the Asian cuisine world ... and they seem to use only one. Everything tasted the same. The spicy dishes weren't close to spicy. Green onions is used in everything.  
On the plus side, they had a chinese menu, hence the third star.Just had it again and it was no Bueno. Curry chicken was all onion and flavorless. Kung pao was boring.  Crab Rangoon was the jam though. Heartbreaking. I'm sure I'll get it again. Hope we just caught them on a bad night.I've only come here for lunch and it's pretty good for "Kosher Chinese." It's your stereotypical American style Chinese place but the quality of their dishes are good as well as the service. I've even ordered take-out from them and they didn't mess the order!
If you want to go for lunch, I suggest that you get there earlier as it gets crowded quickly.I was getting ready to leave a rave review, we were packing up leftovers and found a long black hair layered in the batter of the mandarin chicken. Gross.So many negative reviews! The Lees have been cranking out pretty consistent food  for about 30 years plus. There have been changes in the menu for the worse. I guess they try to accomodate those that insist in eating junk. Be appreciative of people that have been working hard for so long to at least put decent Chinese food on the New Orleans landscape. 
General's chicken and Crab Rangoon and most of the dishes associated with the complaints are not Chinese. And they are pretty disgusting fare, if I may say.  I am dismayed so many New Orleanians complain and it is obvious they do not know what good Chinese food is like.  Try to expand your horizons and eat different dishes and then make an educated judgement. 
I guess that is why we have seen the great Chinese restaurants this town has had disappear. People complain there is a scarcity of good Chinese restaurants here but when we have had them no one eats in them or gives them bad reviews. Because we like junk. 
I do not remember ever having to return a dish at Five Happiness. There are some wonderful offerings that are full of exotic flavors at this place. Dig a litttle deeper and stop complaining. Learn about the food before you criticize something you do not understand.
And yes.. it is a little more expensive than other places but there is a big difference. You are not eating junk food. It is not unfairly priced. 
If you love junk, why do even come to eat here? Go to the Chinese Kitchen and write out your 5 star reviews there like so many others do.Best Americanized Chinese I've had on the east bank. Quality of ingredients is good and service is always fast and friendly, with the exception of these hostess who has a chronic case of resting b*tch face. Best kung pao beef ever.Always great to eat at five happiness. Staff is great. Food is awesome. May I suggest the curry chicken the flavors are awesome in it. And the pepper steak is just mouth watering! This place never disappoints me.Great food and you can request no MSG! But the cutest thing is that your waiter bags up your leftovers for you; depending on if that's your thing. :)Great food plus takeout. You can specifically ask to hold any MSG and the food always comes out hot.  The restaurant is a nice little spot that had to be totally renovated post katrina and is my favorite chines restaurant in nola.  Plus if you are sick and tired of buffet slosh yet worried about portion size this place serves a great portion and most of the items are enough for two.Never been here, but due to my interaction with the lady on the phone..I never want to come here. I called and was greeted with an aggressive "FIVE HAPPINESS". Me: hi, can I place and order for delivery? Her: [mumbles]. Me: I'm, sorry. I didn't hear you. Her: I SAID WE. DO NOT. DE-LI-VER. UNTIL 5. Me: hahahahahaha no witch, bye.I give this place 4.5 stars. The only reason it loses 1/2 star is because of the fried wontons. We like them better when they are like pierogis (soft and doughy). The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious and very filling. Citrus chicken is outstanding. Best Chinese is the entire NOLA area.When it comes to good Chinese food in New Orleans, you really only have one choice, Five Happiness.  True, this is not what you would find in New York or San Francisco, but it is good American style Chinese food.  We like to get take out from them, as we find delivery to be quite slow.  
We like most of the dishes we have tried, but particularly like the Kung Pao Chicken and Lettuce Wraps.  
Well done!The sesame chicken I ordered was called sesame chicken but wasn't the real deal. And for $15?! This place is overpriced for just takeout or delivery. Do yourself a favor and go to Dragon King for that.I know this is supposed to be the best Chinese in town, but I don't think so. Yes, it's good. I usually get the shrimp and lobster sauce and the combination rice, and I have found that it isn't as good as it used to be a few years ago. I can't help but like it though because it is like an iconic sort of place, but I think they need to bump up the quailty of the food there and keep up with all the chinese bistro kind of places that are around now.Best chinese food in NOLA.  The area is a little sketchy, so go in the daytime.my husband, our two roommates, and i lived nearby before the hurricane. we used to LOVE this place-- really really amazing chinese food. always very friendly service and really good quality. that whole area of the city was kind of wiped out, though, and we never really believed that if we went back post-katrina that it would live up to our standards. it never looked clean on the outside so, i dunno, we never thought it could be clean on the inside. that whole neighborhood isn't really appetizing anymore. i dunno, i could be wrong. but four stars for memories.This was one of my favorite Chinese restaurants when I was a kid, but it's really gone downhill. The food is so greasy now it makes my stomach hurt every time. I think the nostalgia takes over and I forget how disappointing it was the time before and get sucked into ordering it again. That was before this last order. I ordered the combo fried rice among other things and was finishing my plate when I came across this weird gelatinous covered object. After a full inspection with my chopsticks I'm pretty positive it was a mouse skull and part of its body. Either that or a small iguana. I'm joking about the iguana, of course and I'm trying to have a sense of humor about it only because I'm relieved it wasn't a cockroach. I still wouldn't have recovered if that was the case. Sorry 5 Happiness-never again!Tried this place for take-out just now. I don't think I'll be going back.
When I see that a chinese food place has Mongolian beef, I always have to give it a try because that beef cooked with onions and whatever spice they use is just so tasty to me that I can't ever get enough. So I ordered that today.
The portion is large, but it is rather pricey for take-out. My main complaint is the blandness of it all. The rice wasn't very tasty and I had to add LOTS of soy. Kari-out packets of soy sauce really suck, so luckily, I keep Kikkkoman in my desk and I had to use quite a bit. The rice had a "not very fresh" taste and feel to it; rather mushy and I got the feeling that it was reheated.
The beef itself wasn't very tasty and wasn't very "Mongolian beef-like". I could tell just by looking at it.... This doesn't look like any mongolian beef I've ever had. It lacked onions, which is the main ingredient in mongolian beef. Plenty of bamboo shoots and snowpeas though, which is a plus.
I dunno. The restaurant itself looked very nice and the person who took my order was very nice and helpful, but the parking sucks really bad and the food.... just.... meh. There is a FAR tastier place down Broad that I'll continue to go to.
I MIGHT try the seseme chicken and give it another shot. Not everyone can master Mongolian beef, but if that's any indication of their beef dishes, I'm not impressed.This place has the best authentic Chinese food that New Orleans is known for..try anything with shrimp in it!! And the egg rolls are awesomeness!Great new York style Chinese. .been here twice..the coconut shrimp on a stick is delicious and the combo Lo mein is soo good and enough to feed 3 smallish midgets!! Or two drunk dwarves!! Scratchy and smelly!! Not me..nor the food..the dwarfs!! Man..this really is an awesome place..getcha ass down to 5 happiness! !This is a solid, go-to place for our family that the children in particular love.  
The menu has all the basics that you would expect in an American-style Chinese restaurant, and the quality of ingredients is very high, but if you go expecting bold flavors or that "authentic" Chinese experience you might come away disappointed.
The atmosphere is comfortable and pleasant with plenty of elbow room, and the service is usually solid as well.
I started at three stars, but the fact that we've been going here half a dozen times a year for a decade seems to reflect a stronger endorsement than that.I ordered delivery for my first experience with 5 Happiness. It's been highly regarded by my friends, so I decided I would finally take the plunge. Generally - with NY Style Chinese - there's not much variation from restaurant to restaurant. I am willing to go on the record as saying, this was the best NY Style Chinese I have ever had. The texture and flavor of every item I ordered was fresh, perfectly cooked, and seasoned to perfection. I won't order from anyone else from this point forward.
This is my one and only experience with 5 Happiness, and no one in my family experienced anything similar to the reviews from other people here on Yelp. As I said - it was highly recommended by friends, and I'm ecstatic to find some local Chinese that is delicious. Give it a shot and see if you don't agree...Hands down, Five Happiness is THE BEST value when it comes to traditional Chinese food. My boyfriend and I would frequent the restaurant when we lived nearby & now we usually order food for delivery when we're feeling lazy but don't want to sacrifice a hot, fresh, delicious meal. We have tried dine-in & takeout Chinese food from all over the city, including from places on the West Bank, Metairie & even as far as Slidell. We've had cheaper, fancier, healthier, arguably "fresher", more convenient, better atmosphere, whatever.. you name it. Doesn't matter, even if the food is delicious, I always end up wishing we had gone to Five Happiness instead when we get the check & realize we will be forming out 60 some-odd dollars after the tip for the same portion of the same quality Chinese food that would have cost $20 less at Five Happiness. Five Happiness is the gold standard of Chinese Food in my opinion. Food is ALWAYS hot, fresh, fast & delicious & the staff is super friendly and helpful every time, whether you dine in, order takeout, or get your food delivered. No complaints here, I'm a happy repeat customer & I would go out of my way to dine here or to recommend to a friend, family member, coworker, tourist, etc! Five stars for five happiness!Great food. Great service. Great prices. 
I've eat here at least twice a month. The food is really great. My favorite is the general chicken. The crawfish tails are good as well. The service is excellent; waiters are always friendly. Would defiantly recommend this place.Let me start with the good: I LOVE the egg drop soup here. I really really love egg drop soup; it's a comfort food of mine and Five Happiness has the best egg drop soup I've had in New Orleans. 
The average: Pretty much everything else. I'm pretty simple when it comes to Chinese food. I really like fried rice and soups. The fried rice misses the mark...it's super greasy and just...not spectacular. My boyfriend gets the General Tso's Chicken...which is pretty good, but it's just chicken, no veggies or anything else. You can get it with shrimp fried rice as a dinner special. Again, shrimp fried rice isn't very good and I actually usually pick out the shrimp because they taste a little off pretty much every time I've eaten it. 
So, if you, like me, love egg drop soup just get a large order of that and call it a day. If you like other things, I would move on.Went on Chinese New Year. Generally disappointing. Ordered Peking Duck and some soup. Duck skin was soggy rather than crispy and pancakes were served rather than the traditional buns. Soup had a tasteless broth and the meat and vegetables  were previously frozen and tasteless. Would not order either again.Just got delivery from what I remembered to be on of the best Chinese spots in the city. What a let down! The General Tso Chicken was tough meat and there was little sauces. The dumplings were oily and disappointing as well. The only thing I did like was the Mandarin Sauce from my friends dish. Sad face.I went with a couple friends for Lunar New Year and was a little disappointed with the food.  Not very authentic.  Scallop dish didn't have enough scallops although it was pretty tasty.  Everything else tasted like Chinese delivery food but a lot more expensive.
Also got the Peking Duck and it was pretty standard/Americanized using the pancakes instead of the buns...  
Our waiter was also really confused and out of it the whole time.  We asked if we could have Coronas and he said yes and came back with two waters with lime.  We asked again for the Coronas and he said, "Oh.  We don't have those."  Then when my friend asked him if the Beef Chow Fun was authentic, he said, "Oh, well I've never tried Authentic Beef Chow Fun, so I don't know"
Kind of disappointed overall.  Still haven't found a good Chinese food place in New Orleans...anyone..???Their Lunch special was really special! General Tso's Shrimp, egg drop soup & hot tea. Yum! Succulent, large, sweet shrimp, delicately fried and covered in a spicy-sweet sauce. This is one of the best things I've eaten from a Chinese restaurant in New Orleans.
In my humble opinion, while this is likely "the Best Chinese" that New Orleans has to offer, you'll be disappointed if you're used to truly good Chinese from places like San Francisco, DC or NYC.No. Just no. The food was totally unexciting. The service was terrible. Way over priced.I have taken visitors from China to Five Happiness twice now. The food is always delicious, and my Chinese friends have loved it too! The owner and her staff make each visit memorable. We will be back.5 Happiness has the takeout places beat by a very small margin because of the extensive menu. Other than that, the food itself really doesn't taste any better, and it is more expensive. I really wish I could find a GOOD sit-down somewhat authentic Chinese restaurant in NOLA.
Bonus points for the good service and nice atmosphere everytime I come here with the family.The food was delicious, but the price tag for takeout came to about $60 for two. The fried rice was really dry, but the sweet and sour chicken disguised it with being really good. If you're going inside, it's pretty swanky, so don't go in your gym clothing if you can help.Went for dinner tonight. Ordered sweet and sour pork dinner with egg drop soup and garlic shrimp with won ton soup. Egg drop soup was horrid, tasted like it had dish water mixed in. Husband's won ton soup was fine. Waitress disappeared after she brought the soup, didn't come back until way after husband had finished his. Told her egg drop soup was bad, asked for something else instead, she said she would have to charge extra. Really?? I had only tasted it, it was too bad to eat! Veggies in both dishes were raw, nothing stir fried or even steamed about them. Pork had lots of fatty pieces. Rice on both plates was mushy, again, nothing stir fried about it at all. Owner/manager must not have been in as the majority of wait staff was on their phones texting. Really disappointed in 5 Happiness. It seems like it is hit or miss lately, not for the better!I come to New Orleans for work about once a month. I've heard about 5 happiness before so I decided to give it a try. I was very disappointed with the food. I ordered sesame chicken and what I thought was fried rice. The chicken was dry and unexpectedly spice and the rice was just brown rice that was undercooked. I can't say I will go back or recommend to anyone else.This has been a long standing institution on Carrolton even though the quality has gone down after Katrina.
The service has always been lacking, but the food used to be the best Chinese now it's just good. With Chinese Kitchen down the street I'm sure they are losing customers to them.
The dining room is moderately clean. The menu is pretty diverse, except if you're vegetarian you'll most likely leave disappointed. Overall the food gets 3.5 stars, the service gets 2 stars.Relatively good but did not live up to the hype for me. While the food was obviously fresh, the overall flavor was just fair. I went for lunch & had the General Tso's chicken. Pretty standard dish that's easy to make, but somehow missed the mark. Note: The egg drop soup was excellent - great flavor, color and texture. However, the greatness ended there. The  General's chicken was tough and lacking in flavor. Oddly enough, it was garnished with iceberg lettuce. Fresh, but odd.This is the best chinese food in new Orleans. Why 3 stars then? that like being the skinniest kid at fat camp.Hands down the cleanest and best chinese food you will ever eat in your life! I guarantee it! 100% worth the price you pay!First time last night. Wanton soup full of surprises, cabbage,pork as well as pork filled wontons, really good. The best pork fried rice I've ever had. Peking Duck was the largest portion I've ever been served, enough for four people and at $28 bucks a real bargain. You won't be sorry on ant level you went here. For my wife and I it was a $30 round trip cab ride and I'd do angain with no problem at all.Best in the area hands downs. There's a reason they have been here for so long. Trust me I know fried rice. If you want anything half as good you gotta go to the west bank. And who's that desperate? Not This guy. That's for sure.Sometimes I feel like Diogenes when it comes to venturing to Chinese restaurants in N.O. In a food town like N.O. it's really cause for cynicism that you can't find a single truly decent example of one of the world's great cuisines. And Five Happiness here didn't even begin to dim the lantern. It's befuddling that it consistently ranks high among restaurants in the metro area. A lot of folks here haven't traveled much, I guess.
The interior that people rave about is basically a corporate executive cafeteria: stiff, inoffensive, superficially and blandly upscale. Still, it's many notches above the fluorescent-lighted cheaply decorated boxes that seem to be the standard city-wide. But in the end that's all just a smokescreen and a very poor excuse for the mediocre food to cost twice what those boxes charge. Those who know Chinese food know that the cooking matters more than the ambiance. A lot more.  
A simple two course dinner for 4 and a drink a piece ended up costing $114 after tax and tip -- for basically the same fare as the take-outs. From now on I'll just deal with the plastic containers and utensils and put the $60 - $70 savings toward a plane ticket to San Francisco or New York for truly decent Chinese food.Best Chinese food in New Orleans large portions fast and friendly service. I have ate in and I have also ordered take out everything is always correct no mistakes the beef broccoli with the spicy garlic sauce is amazing and the shrimp friend rice.try it out you won't be disappointedOk so I've eaten here twice now and have yet to write a review so here goes. Best Chinese in New Orleans hands down. Service is amazing and a great value in my opinion as the serving sizes are very generous for the price. I will only eat here when I'm the mood for Chinese food going forward, at least when I'm in the Nola area. Kung Pao chicken and steam vegetables are my favorite. The wonton soup is phenomenal as well. Can't go wrong with this place!I don't want to write off the other reviews (maybe I just got them on a good night), but it was pretty good. Hot & Sour soup was actually the best I've had in New Orleans. Mushu was pretty good. Standard egg rolls. Pork fried rice had nice big pieces but not a lot of flavor. Crab Rangoon were okay buy the dough was a little chewy. Teriyaki steak was good. The people at the counter were pretty unenthusiastic about everything, but the owner made up for it with her own charm. A little on the expensive side overall.Came here while in town for Mardi Gras and had a wonderful time. Food is great, and the owner was very nice and down-to-earth, even with a super busy restaurant to manage. Relaxing ambience and surprisingly not crazy loud, with the post-parade crowd. Would highly recommend!This is Americanized Chinese food, which has been serving the area successfully for a long time.  It's tasty, on the bland side, not authentic, and serves it's purpose. But it doesn't fill that void when I am missing Chinese from San Francisco.I enjoyed the Hunan Shrimp with sweet and sour soup, it was excellent also the service was good.Five Happiness is a family favorite!  There is so much right here..... outstanding won ton soup, a fantastic shrimp toast, too many delicious entrees to mention, nice dining area, good service, delivery to many areas of the city, etc. etc. With all of that it's hard to find much to complain about, but there are two glaring issues that keep this place from being 5 stars in my book. Their egg roll and fried rice. Both of these items are lack luster at best. The fried rice is a bit dry and lacks flavor. The egg rolls are made with a flaky wrapper that stays greasy and often tastes that way as well, it also lacks in both quantity and flavor of the stuffing. Despite those two weak areas, I always enjoy my meal and find believe their won ton soup is likely the best in the city.Came here with my boyfriend for his birthday, he had been several times and it was my first time there. I love it! They were fast in getting our order out and the food was amazing. I'm picky when it comes to Chinese food, so for me to say it was amazing, I mean it. Definitely heading back when I want Chinese!Called at 445 to pickup at 630. When I arrived total chaos reigned. Staff were rude and food had obviously been sitting for an hour on the shelf. Food deserves 2 stars - generic, brown sauce covered, each dish tasting the same. No idea why this place rates at all. Rubbish food, rubbish service. Just because other places are worse, doesn't make this place good. Wake up New Orleans, you deserve better.This is a great old New Orleans chinese restaurant and one of my 2 favorites in the city (the other being China Doll- see my review for it). I've been going to 5 Happiness since the 1980's and have always loved it. It's a nice place to take a date (I've taken quite a few there :-) and the prices are decent. They have the typical Chinese food fare, all of which are good- I usually get the Sweet and Sour Platter or the Garlic Shrimp. I love the shrimp toast- and I'm not usually a fan of shrimp toast, but theirs is incredible. Like a lot of New Orleans restaurants since Hurricane Katrina, 5 Happiness has been completely re-done on the inside and looks and feels different from the way it used to be. It might be my imagination, but the food seems slightly (just a tiny bit) off from what it used to be before Katrina, but maybe that's just my imagination. I still love eating there and am always full and satisfied with what I order.This place is overrated, food is less than average and over cooked, go to Chinese Kitchen in the same area.My wife and I love this place! We moved to New Orleans 4 months ago from the NYC area and this is the best Chinese delivery we've found. The people are polite and the food is good. Much better than the Chinese food we get back home. The price is a little bit more, but totally worth it. This place is the business!!!!Recently moved to NOLA and came here in search of decent Chinese food. 
It was a bitter sweet experience. The place is nice, service is good but the food seems like a hit or miss.
The egg drop soup was good. The pepper steak was ok, it was salty but all the other flavor was kind of bland. General Tso's chicken was good, so was the shrimp fried rice. 
The beef lo mein were mediocre at best, no flavor, they even skimped on the spring onions which make up most of the taste in beef lo mein! So disappointed because this is one of the basic things on every Chinese American restaurant menu! 
Overall I would give it 2 stars at best. Will go there until I find a better place I guessMy favorite Chinese Food restaurant in the NOLA area. Affordable lunch that's so yummy! Always consistent and fresh.There is no fresher more scrumptious Chinese food in NOLA! If you order out, be sure you got what you asked for but the work is WORTH it! The chefs here are stellar!The best Chinese restaurant in New Orleans by far. Having been in the neighborhood for over 30 years. Five Happiness never fails to impress me. First you gotta try the crispy beef pepper which is to die for and the shrimp lettuce wraps are just light, delicious and perfect. Next you gotta try the tiki bowl, I mean come on if you wanna have a fun night while eating Chinese food you gotta have the tiki bowl. Lastly the owner Miss Peggy and Rose are just the friendliest ladies.  My family has been coming to this restaurant for many years and I'm pretty sure we are here to eat and spend many more years eating at 5 Happiness.  =)I'm local and have been to this restaurant through the years. Ordered delivery tonight to watch the game and the food is so bland and awful we're throwing it away and starting over. The most bland and non flavorful egg drop soup ever. Taste like yellow colored water. Appetizer of chicken wings beyond dark greasy. Chicken curry for the main dish. No taste. Large chunks of onion that hasn't cooked or softened mixed with pseudo curry spices. I doubt I will give this place another chance. I vaguely remember saying this a few years ago when I last had dinner there. Now I remember why.Super disappointing. I had heard from a few people that they had good Chinese food but they definitely don't. The food is pretty bland and tasteless. Although this is probably the only chinese place in New Orleans that I would actually go to for dine-in. The service was fine and the dining room itself was fine. But usually if I'm craving chinese I want take out anyway. I probably won't be back.The Tea salad was yummy, and a generous portion, too! For $5, that's a really good deal. Love their location, Marigny rectangle, so close to home. Service was excellent, and the noodles are made in house. If you're vegetarian or vegan, and you are with people who are not, this is great option.Haven't been able to find a place people had recommended when I was in the mood for Chinese who would actually deliver - until tonight! Best Chinese food I've ever had by delivery and better yet, the cook delivered it! It was very fresh and I will definitely call them again!If this is New Orleans best chinese then we have no good chinese food here. The eggrolls we got came from under a hot light and were so greasy they were not edible. The vegetable soup came from some steam table which had been sitting all day since they opened in the morning so much so that the vegetables began to break down. The first round of entrees was fried shrimp and vegetables, the shrimp were so old they tasted of iodine, it was unreal, when I sent it back they were shocked, the hostess came by, or manager hard to tell, eating a few of them from my plate asking if I didn't like them to which I told her that I eat a lot of shrimp and that they were not fresh. She gladly sent out the general's chicken which should be a safe choice in any chinese establishment, wrong again. The chicken was all breast meat, deep friend with no batter or tempura style covering and was really dry, then add to that very little sauce, no spiciness to the sauce that was there and it was all dumped on a bed chopped iceburg lettuce. It was nasty, i refused to eat that too, opting for another cocktail instead into which, I'm fairly certain, they did not pour any booze. My partner had a claypot stew of sorts with shrimp and chicken, she picked all of the protein out, the shrimp had a bizarre texture, soft and creamy, and the chicken, breast meat again, was cut into thin slivers and horribly overcooked. They left the general's chicken on the  bill and I complained again to the manger to which she responded that she was doing her best to make me happy. The food that I didn't eat was sitting on the table in front of me, it was clear that I didn't eat supper. She said that she serves 800 pounds of the general's chicken every week and that nobody else complains about it. Then, the icing on the cake, she declares at the top of her lungs that there is no bill, we pay for nothing and she never wants us in her restaurant again. This was already our plan to never come back but at least we didn't have to pay for that unbelievably bad food we had at this place. I'm shocked by the show of support for the quality of food which was clearly not there. The service staff acted as though they were so frightened of what would happen to them if a customer complained about the food or service, there is a disconnect here. The server was afraid to approach the manager and asked me to do so instead. We tipped her generously in cash although she took it very reluctantly. Do not spend your money at this place, the food is horrible and the management has no idea what customer service means.Visited here as an alternative to the madhouse that was Costco while waiting for tire service. Our group of 3 had steamed dumplings, a few appetizers and a large tiki bowl. Overall, the good was okay but nothing amazing. The tiki bowl was yummy and just what we needed but, again, nothing to travel for. The service wasn't stand out but got the job done. All in all, an a-ok experience but not somewhere I would seek out unless I were trying to avoid the Costco crazies again.I love this place.  The definitely have the best eggrolls in the city.  Plus, they serve so many other Asian dishes besides that of only Chinese.  The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was because the fried rice take out tastes way better than the fried rice served when you seat down to eat.  It doesn't make much sense, but it's true.My (ex) boyfriend's family sung the praises of this place. They kept saying what a great Chinese restaurant it was. The last night I was in town for one of my visits, they took me there for dinner. I love Chinese food, so I was pretty happy to go.
Now, why only two stars? It gave me the WORST indigestion ever. I was in pain for a good 24 hours after I ate there. It was the first and only time that's happened when I've eaten Chinese, so I can only assume that the problem was with their preparation rather than the fact I just can't tolerate certain ingredients. Definitely wouldn't go back and probably wouldn't recommend it to someone else.I have been coming here since I was a kid. We order take out maybe twice a year and every time it's just not as good as I remember. Today I had mandarin chicken. For some reason they do not offer the lunch plate at lunch time on Sunday so I had to pay  the dinner price. Everything was soggy and it didn't taste like much.  Even worse they wouldn't deliver. Bummer.There aren't ANY really good chinese restaurants in NOLA, but at this one they charge an arm and a leg for really ho-hum food.  Save your money and go elsewhere.Best mandarin chicken! If you like green onions, then the Shrimp Fried Rice is for you! Perfect amount of green onions, egg, and other seasoning! One order can feed us all! Egg Drop Soup is best in the city. We always leave with leftovers!This the best Chinese food I have ever had and was easily the best place I ate when I was there on vacation. It is not a touristy spot, we only went there because my relative who lives there brought us. We got several plates and shared everything around and it was all amazing.I called to confirm if they delivered to my area and after giving my address they said they did so I was happy I didn't have to venture out in the cold.  After I ordered my food, was given a total and paid for it by credit card,  the woman  told me it would be less than an hour.  I was surprised by the time frame and I thought maybe she was just giving me the worst case scenario, but after waiting about 50 minutes or so I called to see if it was on its way.  I mean last I checked, Chinese food takes about 10-15 minutes to make, so why should it take an hour for me to receive it?  She said the driver had left and that I should be getting it soon.  It's now been an additional 15 minutes and still no food.  I don't care how good the food is, unless they are butchering the chicken out behind the restaurant, this is ridiculous!
So after 1 hour and 22 minutes my food was finally delivered.  The steamed dumplings were really tasty but they were luke warm.  The General Chicken sauce was good but not at all spicy and the chicken was on the dry side.  All in all, I was not impressed.  I much prefer Green Tea Chinese on Louisiana but unfortunately I no longer live in their delivery area.  That being said, had I known I the end result I would have just sucked it up and driven over there to get my food.  I would have been able to pick-up and finish eating my food in the time it took 5 Happiness to deliver my food.  Lesson learned!This was always the the Chinese restaurant that people told me to try pre-K. I never really got around to it until Saturday. I was driving home from Metairie and got stuck behind what I THINK was the Saint's buses. So I got off the highway early (They were going like..45!) and ended up turning right there at 5 happiness. Since I didn't feel like cooking, i stopped in for some takeout. 2 appetizers, 2 dinners and 43 F-ing bucks later and I'm home.
Got my normal Mongolian beef and some General Tso's. Since when does Mongolian Beef have half the order being bamboo shoots? When did bamboo shoots even become PART of it? And tomato and green peppers? This is NOT Mongolian Beef. 4, count them with me, 4 pieces of beef. Seriously..4....
The General Tso's was gummy, bland but at least had giant dried peppers in it that were inedible and cooked for such a short time they didn't flavor anything.
The shrimp toast was ok at best and the coconut shrimp were...they just were. 
Over-priced
Under-flavored
Possibly the wrong dish completely
I would NOT suggest this place to anyone.The glowing reviews of Five Happiness remind me a little of "The Emperor's New Clothes." I have been there several times and it's never good. The chicken is so dry and overcooked, I swore off of it. On my last visit, I got the deluxe egg foo yung. I have eaten egg foo yung at Chinese restaurants for 100 years and I've never had it prepared with so little care and creativity as it was done at Five Happiness. Usually, egg foo yung consists of chopped meat and seafood, bean sprouts, water chestnuts, onions, green onions and egg, topped with a brown sauce. Five Happiness's version was two plain egg patties with NOTHING mixed into them, topped with LARGE chunks of meat and seafood and topped with a brown sauce and a few green onions. SO disappointing. Never again.Poor service
Sub par food
.
..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
..Excellent Chinese food! We had a class reunion in New Orleans, I did not expect New Orleans to have such authentic Chinese food. Normally, you will find a good Chinese restaurant if there are large Chinese populations there. What a wonderful surprise dinner. Lettuce Wrap with Shrimps were so fresh and shrimps were big chunks, not like most places(small choppy pieces).  The Peking Duck was so tender, even though I am not a duck fan, I had to try it and it was great. Tender beef and many dishes were so great. Since we were a group, we had a family style feast. I may not remember all detail of each dish, but I can assure you that we cleaned out every dishes were served that night. Well, almost forgot the desert: the best deep fry banana I ever had. Oh, one more thing, the best Mai Tai and Hurricane drink in the world. You just have to order their Mai Tai or Hurricane if you like cocktail.  Hostess Peggy and all wait staffs were so friendly, made a very enjoyable evening.Descent Chinese food, good for New Orleans standards and they deliver.  A bit over priced, for an entree, soup, and 2 appetizers that were shared it was nearly $60 including drinks.Love this place. Great service, tasty flavors
service is friendly and suggestive, they also have lots of vegetarian options. 
I highly recommend coming with a few people and eating family style.I've ordered take out and delivery from them several times prior to today. I always thought it was average, and not that memorable. until today. I always forget how bad something is until I order it again. 
Now, I'm putting my foot down, and putting this in print. This place isn't so disgusting that I can't eat it. It's edible. Today's order was a take out, so I was very happy that I was able to get home and eat it hot. I ordered the pan fried pot stickers. I've had better. I've even had frozen from the store better. I also ordered the chicken chow mein. I usually don't add sauces to my dishes because the chefs usually season it well enough. But this one required copious amounts of soy sauce to make it tastier... but not by much. and the bottom of the dish had excess oil too. eww. If i had to choose between panda express and here, It would be panda express. 
I also think this was expensive for the poor quality of food given to me. 
Side note, there are about 8 spaces out front, but there are plenty more in the back. The interior is nice, an interesting combination of dark materials with white ceilings.I have no idea why people speak highly of this place. We ordered two very different dishes and they tasted exactly the same. My Indian friend would complain about crappy Indian restaurants when they did this, saying 'they use the same gravy for all of the dishes, and they are not the same dishes.' Five Happiness is the Chinese equivalent.
And the flavor, bleh. Dishes were labeled as spicy and were nothing of the sort. They didn't really have much flavor of anything. We had to add sriacha and chili paste to make it at all enjoyable. There were very few vegetables in the dish to make it interesting. Just bland, boring, flavorless piles of meat with a side of rice.
The only plusses are that the carry-out came fast, and it's a lot of food so there are leftovers... which we're really not looking forward to eating.
This was my second time at the restaurant. The first time I was served an egg roll that was filled with grease, FILLED, at one end. Disgusting. And I've eaten carry out a few times at work. I have yet to enjoy it.
Make the trip to Jung's and order off of the Chinese menu. It's worth it.My goto place for good chinese food. They have awesome hot and sour soup and good prices on lunch and dinner combo platters. I recommend anything spicy they get all that stuff right! Don't risk it with dragon king or any of those places. The only place that matches up to five happiness for me is Hoshun but they are a little pricier - however it is worth the extra price. I think five happiness holds up to Hoshun's quality tho and they are friendly and super quick on takeout. You won't go wrong and when they say 10 minutes for a takeout order they mean it so don't wait too long or your egg rolls will get soggy! no one likes that!The food here is good. Not the best I've ever had, but one if the best in New Orleans. It's hard to find good Chinese food in the area. We order from here often and it's consistently good.Let me just start by saying that I *love*, absolutely love, Chinese food.   So I am kind of a snob about it.   5 Happiness keeps my nose *high* in the air in that regard.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful inside.  Something very tranquil and relaxing about the whole atmosphere.  When I spend money to eat in a  restaurant, I personally dislike a loud, raucous environment and  5 Happiness is quite the opposite. It's so civilized. 
I've been here many times with a group of friends or just two of us and the staff has always been great.  The last time I was here I ordered the boneless fried chicken and it could only be described as delectable.  For a lunch special, it was so much food!   I had plenty to take home and enjoy later.  Highly recommended by this snob. ;)