My favorite new place especially since football season is approaching, lots of outdoor viewing. It has a great courtyard with tons of photo ops, a private army truck seating area but it is first come first serve, king sized jenga & tic-tac-toe games, cabanas, balcony-seating and beer bar. Inside is air conditioned with a huge colorful bar, cell phone charging station iPhone & yes android they didn't forgot about you LOL!!! Also lots of group table options. Food was exotic & delicious staff was very friendly & attentive 
ohhhhh bonus points well deserved they have a snap chat filter okkkkrrrrr  Enjoy !!!!
FYI.... also have a dog menu for the actually puppies LOL!!! not sure what size dogs are welcome so call and ask for assuranceNew restaurant in the warehouse district- an absolute gem!  Everything we ordered was delicious, and we can't wait to come back.  Jill was a lovely waitress, and I would highly recommend requesting her as a waitress.Our favorite new place which opened just yesterday. The outdoor seating is out of this world. The attention to details from the tables to the chairs the palm trees, overall the atmosphere is just special. 
The food was just amazing. You must go.Chicken Fried Chicken!!!
You want a filling dinner, this is the one!!!  Delicious and full filling, you won't be disappointed!This was my first time at this place. There were 8 of us there celebrating a bday. The food was pretty good and the unlimited mimosas option made it even better. Our server Chris was pretty amazing. He kept checking to make sure we were good on drinks (we were a table full of drinkers) and made sure we enjoyed our food. Def would love to come back when the weather is much better so we can experience the backyard patio area.My new favorite restaurant. Great "flocktail" menu and ample selection of draft beers and wines. Reasonably priced entrees. The Acapulco Chicken sandwich was tender and delicious. My husband got a South of the Border burger and he enjoyed it. The star of the show is the pictured key lime pie. The ambiance is vibrant, colorful, and tastefully curated.If you are looking for a place that is not located near the French Quarters this is the place. They still have the amazing food. One of the best service we received while we visited NOLA. Brian our server was amazing. The food was delicious. I had the Hawaiian steaks so good. This place is a must when you are visiting.The atmosphere and food were amazing. Plus with great company you can't go wrong. I was there for lunch with my sister and her friend and convinced my hubby to return for dinner before he knew I was just there for lunch!! LolBy far the worst service I have received. Ordered Hawaiian Steak Kabobs , veggies weren't even cooked and I had to request the pineapples which also were not cooked. Food and service were both awful .There is something here for everybody. The place is stylish and new. The staff is sweet and helpful. The indoor space is not overcrowded and the outdoor space puts you in the mind of a cool summer dining experience.
All the food is flavorful for everyone's pallet. The burger was juicy. The shrimp a go go was spicy. The fruity waffles were almost dessert like but kind of hard. They were still good just needed to be a little softer. The omelet was good but was more cheesy than anything. The fries are a hit! 
 The blue lightning is not strong. Ask when the bottomless mimosas end. They are so good but for $10 get here early before 3 to get your refill.
It's a chill spot. I would return. They got the stuff to be really great. Just a few tweaks but all in all a good dining experience.Terrible service, we waited for over 10 minutes before any waiter walking by even acknowledged us, then the service continued to be lacking for our whole time. Drinks were decent. Atmosphere is great, but I expected so much more from this place.DO NOT go here if you are looking for good service. Waited one hour to be seated while staring at several empty tables. Spoke with manager. Was told that this is just the way it was. Originally told it would be 30 minutes to be seated. Took one hour. Was here at noon on a Saturday. However, was not that busy.Amazing food at a great price and service was divine. Mimosas started comin and they don't stop comin. Who was hotter: the food or our waiter Chris? (The answer is Chris) (although food temperature was up to par as well)I went yesterday with another adult and a child. I arrived after the other members of my party. When they arrived, no one was at the hostess stand. After waiting a short while, they sat themselves in the back, which has really fun decorations! I arrived about 20 minutes after them. When I arrived, the hostess was on the phone and did not acknowledge me, so I just walked to the back and joined the rest of my group. 
My friend had not been approached by a single server after twenty minutes. She and I went inside to get drinks. Though there were only six other people at the large bar, it took about 10-15 minutes for my order to be filled. The poor bartender was tasked with also running to the kitchen to bring out the take-out orders. While I waited for the drinks, my friend went to the hostess and asked for some menus to be brought out to our table and for a server to come to our table. 
When I finally got our drinks, I went back to our table to find that we still had no menus, so I went back and asked the hostess AGAIN for menus. I explained that we were "miffed" after being ignored for over 20 minutes. She tried to explain that we weren't being helped because we had not waited to be seated by her, but how could we when she was absent? 
After finally getting our menus, we were served by the Manager, who was incredibly polite and very attentive. Unfortunately, my friends son still received the wrong item. We noticed but decided to shrug it off. The Manager noticed this after we had started eating, and was again very apologetic and handled it very well. He brought us the bill promptly. After waiting several minutes, we decided to give one of the servers our bill so we could get leave more quickly. I handed it to her inside, and she walked out, stood next to our table, and said loudly enough to another server that she didn't know what to do with it and she didn't know why I gave it to her. Ugh. 
Overall, this place has great potential, but the service is a freaking disaster. It seems like they desperately need to hire more people. The food and drinks and decor earned two stars, but this place is never going to last if things continue this way.Stopped by between parades on Bacchus Sunday. Great food. Service always willing to help. Olympics weren't on and they changed tvs for us within 10 minutes. (Even though it was just the news til 6pm) Ordered Go Go Bites. No other way of describing other than cheesy, bacon goodness. Froze' is on point. Blue Lightning will definitely get your day going. Thanks Flamingo!Awesome environment and pet friendly. Some much on the menu and everything I've had so far is delicious.Friday night and understaffed!   We waited 20 minutes for a drink at the bar. The bartender was rude to us. And it wasn't even that packed. The bar was not even two people deep. We left disappointed. The name makes it look like a fun place. Do not come here!Food is great!! The drinks are phenomenal!!!
Our server was Destiny and she was fantastic! All the servers were so attentive and made for a great dining experience. Check them! You won't be disappointed!The hype for this place is unforgettable, but the burger was forgettable. When they don't ask how you want it cooked... walk away. 
The club sandwich was pretty and ok, but drinks were weak. I literally left my bright blue, out-the-tap cocktail on the table and walked out. 
The space is cute but get better food and cheaper or better drinks, or Nah. 
The fries are good though!We visited Flamingo A Go Go on August 5th (my mom's 61st birthday). We had a party of 7 +2 little ones. We made reservations at 10 am and they said they could fit us in at one. That was later than we wanted because we had to get on the road to Houston, but we went anyway. Well we arrived on time and after waiting for 30 mins we inquired with the hostess about why we still had a wait, and such a long wait, with reservations. She was the least friendly person there and responded with "we don't make reservations on the weekend". SN business really have to be more careful of who the first point of contac for customers are.. That person should at least be skilled in friendly service and conflict resolution... After waiting longer we asked to speak to the manager who offered a some head nods. 
After we were seated we waited another 20 mins and no server came to even take a drink order, we're talking midday August in new Orleans, I mean can we at least get water people. After I flagged down a waitress and a few mins later a manager (with puppy eyes) we finally got a server who informed us our original server had left for the day... Awesome. 
So we put in food and drink orders at the same time, we were deeply afraid to just order drinks and have to wait more time to place a food order (we were eating mom's birthday cake bc by the time our orders were taken it was a little after 2pm). Once we finally got food it was cold which was weird considering how long it took to get the food. One would assume it was being prepared from scratch. But I will say this, although the food was cold it was still delicious and that's how you know it must be good... Unless we were all just starving haha. 
Anyway for ambiance I'd give it 4 stars it's super cute
For service it gets 1 star. Ive never been treated so poorly at a restaurant. No one even came to play damage control.Great new neighborhood bar and grill. The outdoor patio was great for watching the game. The food was fresh and the service was good. Added bonus they have a dog menu too.The decor here is so fun and the outdoor area is very tropical makes you feel like your not in Nola. The names of the drinks for the most part all start with 'Fla' to go with the name. I had the ahi tuna salad which was good. I tried my sister salmon which was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right. Our server was very friendly and attentive. I would for sure go again but at night to sit outside it's probably even nicer. Totally forgot to take pics of the food though because we were so hungry.!This place was so underwhelming and a big let down. The atmosphere was about the best part.  Started with a drink called flamingo on a wire. Taste wise was really good, but surely lacked alcohol...being a mom of 3 who rarely get out, I needs my liquor!!! For an appetizer we ordered the nac'ho nachos, they were okay. We had to order extra queso bc there was about a tablespoon on the plate. I had the shimp n grits which were not good. The sauce tastes like rotten tomatoes, and the grits were too eich to eat bc of the chunks of cheese that was in it. Any place in NOLA that does not serve fresh gulf shrimp in their dishes is an automatic thumbs down for me. My husband had I think a south if the boarder burger which he siad was horrible. Tbh it didnt look like anything I wouldwant anyways. The kiddo had a shrimp plate which was another let down.....and let's not talk about our server who seemed as if she was completely over working for the day.....overall not feeling this place at all.Absolutely LOVE this place! Awesome set up and environment. Brunch was great, definitely coming here again! Jameson waited on us and was awesome!Great casual atmosphere both inside the restaurant and outside on their whimsical patio. Service was great and our server very attentive. Generous portions and great casual fare.This is my second visit and I can officially add this to my list of go to restaurants/bars! Even though you can get a table I always opt for the bar. Possibly because I like feeling like I'm having a personalized experience or it could be that the bartenders are hella cool. 
 Both times I came across a guy named Randall behind the bar. He was super chill and had great conversation points. Even though I was here with my girlfriend it never felt awkward having him join in on our rants. He was super knowledgeable of the menu and gave damn near perfect food recommendations for both of us. (It's like he see's into your foodie soul). 
The crowd is mixed, more of a younger group towards the weekends. They always have a game on which makes up for the music which is "mehhh" sometimes. All in all it's still a great place that I'll be back to especially with friend who visit and need a break from the traditional southern EVERYTHING.So for starters, the hostess was nice when we walked in. A nice clean environment. Thats a plus for me. I came during brunch on a Sunday. Be mindful in order to sit outside on the patio you must reserve. Walk-ins sit inside. We were walk-ins, that was no biggie for us. I ordered the Lone Star Burger. The burger came with garlic fries which was actually good. They also have different options like fruit and grits. I must say it was good, with a sweet tea. They give us a glass of water to start with also. Our waiter was so friendly Kristopfer! There is a bar to the left hand size when you walk in. I want to experience the atmosphere at night time. We were also told on Thursday night there is a live band here. Got to try that! My first time here I give them 5 stars. My total was about $33 & that was for 2 burgers with 2 drinks. No complaints from me on my first time. Next time I'm going to try the drinks at the bar.Went here after walking around in the area for a bit and saw that the restaurant had great food and decent reviews. Upon arriving we were placed at a table a few feet in front of the door, despite there being open tables farther into the restaurant. My group and I waited about 15 minutes before someone arrived to ask us what we wanted to drink. We ordered three entree salads which were supposed to come with flatbread. We left the restaurant having forgot that we were supposed to receive the flatbread. Really disappointed in the service here despite the good food.Melva is great! Shrimp and grits and the gogo balls are off the chain! The garlic fries are good, too!Don't eat here for dinner. Beer was warm by the time I got it. Food took forever. Service is sub par for how many people they have walking around.This is a brunch review. 
We love to eat here and have been with our friends and kids many times. 
This visit was for a brunch, we sat it side which is always beautiful. The place is decorated so well. 
The service was amazing from our waitress. She started us with bottomless mimosas; delicious!  
The brunch menu offers lots of varieties. Along with their lunch menu as well. 
Overall the food here is always well made and tasty. And the brunch was no different. 
Flamingo is a fun and a great spot to visit for brunch, lunch and or dinner.Chris, our waiter,  was great! He was knowledgeable of the foods on the menu and kept the mimosas coming!It's very conveniently located, but I can't recommend it. I don't think I've ever been in a restaurant that was so loud before. It's impossible to have a conversation without screaming. The service was mediocre and slow. The food and drinks were alright but not worth the wait. It seems like they buy a lot of their stuff pre-made (I had a Caesar salad and I don't think the dressing was house made). I was disappointed that they didn't have iced coffee, but that's okay. It was very cute inside and I wish I liked it more.I was REALLY excited to finally try this place and I was more disappointed than I wanted to be.  Our server was pretty good at first, but towards the end she was so scattered.  We ordered 3 appetizers that we were all looking forward to, but when our entree's came out she looked so surprised that we never got our appetizers.  She was gone so long that she didn't even know they didn't get to the table.  We all ordered bottomless mimosas and Rose.  It took soooooo long to get a refill we finally asked if we could just get 2 rounds at once.  They were also served in kiddie cups, literally 4 ounce cups.  The place was so understaffed that she had tables scattered around the entire patio.  I think I saw a manager helping, but wouldn't know who the manager was because no one came to introduce him/herself and check on us. We still gave our server 20% tip because we all work in the restaurant industry and know that's what she lives off of, but she could definitively tell we were aggravated.Very disappointing! Made reservations 1 week prior to celebrate my 40th Birthday with five friends. Reservations for 7:30pm on a Saturday evening, seated 25 minutes late with the excuse "it is so busy and we are packed". Finally seated we waited 10 minutes for our waitress, we ordered drinks and again waited. We complained to hostess and were told "it's Saturday night and we have 2 huge wedding party's and the  truck is full of 20pp". We ordered our meal and asked the approximate wait and were told at least 40 minutes and told again "we are slammed."We ordered more drinks and proceeded to wait. The young man, Sean, that brought our food was the only employee to actually apologize for our wait and our waitress' poor attitude. Our food was fabulous, but the staff and management are lacking! If they are so "hella busy" (direct quote from our waitress) they shouldn't offer reservations or maybe patrons when checking in. Don't see this place succeeding if they don't have the right people working or managing this restaurant! Sadly DIDN'T live up the hype. Watered down cocktails, but good food!Meh. Took forever for our waitress to come around but I'm pretty sure that's because nobody ever told her we were seated in her section. The fried havarti planks with balsamic reduction sounded good. In actuality they were oily cheese sticks with balsamic dressing from a bottle. The shrimp flatbread was not crispy, the shrimp was too soft, and there was barely any goat cheese. The only saving grace was the crawfish boil soup and the frosé. Other than that, avoid this place like the plague.Emily- a-go-go gave us a super personalized experience. Food was great, $10 bottomless Mimosas. Wins all around.Very impressed with Flamingo a go-go! The inside is a restaurant/bar and the outside has a very nice courtyard with heaters! I really enjoyed my 2 flocktails and getting to sample some of the drinks before buying is a plus! I got the hibiscus mule and raspberry lime citrus drink! Both were good and the service was great! This will definitely become my new hangout spot!Cool space. Great for groups. Service needs some work. Over priced.
Single diners seem more of a disappointment and hassle. Servers dividing the tables geographically leave only sunny tables available when there are a handful of shaded tables nearby but are "out of service".  This is a large patio not a fine dining restaurant. Service shouldn't be segregated by geography of the "room".
Decent food. Salmon spread equals one giant lump of cream cheese at the bottom of a pile of salmon and onions.  Shrimp A-Go-Go was excellent. 
All in all, no reason to go back even though I'm working around the corner for the next few months.After watching Mardi Gras parades and drinking since 7am, we were famished by 1pm. One of our local friends suggested this place since he lived close by and said that this reincarnation was a welcome force in the area. It's definitely trendy and newer than a lot of the restaurants and bars we've encountered so I was concerned that it was all looks and food would be just okay. Luckily, I was proved wrong!
The onion rings. Do not miss this fabulous appetizer. The onion itself is thick which I'm unaccustomed to. The flaky batter breading is perfect in proportion to the onion. I'm so used to onion slices being skinny and shriveled inside a mass of batter, but these thick onion rings shame all other ones. When you take a bite, the onion stays intact with the bite, every single time! They are not crunchy onions but of course the batter is. I'd like to know how they accomplish this wonderful mystery. 
Red beans and Rice with added Fried Chicken Thigh. It normally comes with fried hush puppy cornbread balls- a pair of them as well as Andouille sausage sliced lengthwise. Of course, I wanted to add fried chicken thigh though. It's your typical good fried chicken which is hard to mess up especially with a chicken thigh. Although mine was slightly overdone with the meat inside, I was able to taste my husband's entree which was the straight fried chicken with puréed potatoes and that chicken thigh was perfect! My red beans and rice entree was really good in itself. I highly recommend it! It's not your traditional taste and preparation but definitely good!
Nachos. They look plain at first, but the spicy chorizo like sausage on top of the cheese definitely hit the spot for our friends. We ordered 2 appetizer plates for our group of 8 but then ordered a second round because we enjoyed them.
Service was pretty good, considering there were so many people there from Mardi Gras. I loved the lively ambiance. The bar was very inviting with a whole wall of daquiris, beers (and wines?) on tap, and pendants from above that looked like glass jelly fish. The patio outside was very open and also inviting with so much color. You could sit in an old military truck or take photos with fake flamingos everywhere. Definitely a fun spot for big groups or small ones or whatever!Service and management is horrible!!!!  Over one hour of waiting for food after being seated. Manger came to apologize after 1.5 hours. Had to leave to catch flights out with out the food just could not take it any longer.  Writing this honest review to warn others and hopefully management and service improves.This is the second time we ordered a Waitr order from them. The first time 20 min went by and they hadn't accepted the offer and it took me another 30 min for them to answer the phone to realize that they didn't log into their waitr app.
Today the same thing happened. 15 min went by and they didn't accept order. So we called. They again hadn't logged in. Then when we got our order it was wrong 
Will not be ordering from them again ... everCool patio, terrible service.  My friend talked to the manager said we'd been waiting for food for over a hour.  He did nothing and my friends left hungry.Stopped in on the way back from a walk down Magazine Street in the Garden District. As others have noted, this isn't really a NOLA place. It's a bar and restaurant with ample indoor and outdoor seating on the edge of the CBD. It has sort of random, eclectic pop culture art on the walls. For instance, one wall had prints of Janis Joplin, Tom Petty and Ray Liotta from Goodfellas (!!!) next to a couple of large, vaguely African-looking masks. I was there with my husband and sat at the bar. He had a breakfast of jerk chicken hash - he liked it fine. I ordered a "patio omelet." It did not list cheese as an ingredient, which I verified with the bartender as I'm dairy-free. Our food took 20 or 25 minutes to arrive, and when it did my omelet was covered with cheese so I sent it back. As Gary enjoyed his breakfast, I waited. And waited. Another 25-30 minutes later, my replacement finally arrived. The bartender seemed like a nice guy, but when the experience is as rough as mine was, there are ways to make the customer feel a little better. Stop by every once in a while to ask how things are going, or if I need anything. Maybe offer a free drink - a mimosa, or a small frozen drink (they have three different machines). Instead, he mostly avoided me. He did ask the manager to approve a discount in the POS system - they gave us 25% off the check. Given my specific experience, this seemed stingy to me. The place was not terribly busy when we got there, but the host / seating process was chaotic and slow. They've got some serious kinks to work out.We visited this spot during our visit at Essence Fest. OMG....I can't to go back.  
Lindsay our server was awesome!!!
Shrimp Po Boy, Frose' And Gouda Cheese Planks....divine!We loved this place.  Food was fantastic. Service was friendly.  The outside patio has a great fun atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable.  Clientele was mostly friendly visitors.Very nice place to hang out with friends for family where there is a large seating area inside and outside. They have a fairly large menu with many items to choose from such as burgers, poultry, fish and many other sides. I have only been here once and have ordered the Jerk burger since I was having a couple of beers with friends. I would honestly say my burger was a bit under seasoned and tasted like a regular burger with no special flavoring. The portion came to be pretty filling overall. Others ordered the chicken fried chicken which they say is one of the best on the menu and was definitely more than the burger plate. The outside seating area also has a projector screen where they sometimes play movies for entertainment at night. The overall experience was nice and seemed to be steady with customers throughout the night. I would come back to have a couple of drinks and try different items on the menu.This place is an actual joke: the drinks are Splenda-filled and disgusting. The staff is kind, but this feels more like some place that belongs in Bakersfield, CA, not New Orleans, LA.Flamingo A-Go-Go is a fun spot to enjoy some good eats and drinks with friends in a laid-back atmosphere with positive vibes and colorful decor. While visiting New Orleans on a work trip I walked past this place one night and decided I must come back with friends. I did and wasn't disappointed. The food was delicious! The fruity drinks were a little sweeter than I expected but overall it was a good experience. Ordering the red beans and rice with smoked sausage and corn hush puppies was a good life decision. The outdoor patio is a flockin' cool place to chill with your friends. They also have a phone charging station inside.I just ate here for the third time. I usually don't go out of my way to write a review when I have a problem but this needed to be addressed. The first two times I visited was overall a great experience with great food. Tonight, for my third visit was the polar opposite. Initially I called ahead and asked the hostess if I could reserve a table outside and she assured me that they weren't busy and that we didn't need to reserve. When I arrived and asked for a table for 2 outside, the hostesses couldn't give me an answer if they had anything available for outside. After 5 minutes I told the hostess that if it was an issue, we wouldn't mind dinning inside. She immediately (still without saying anything) brought us to an inside table. We had no problem with this, but when we glanced out of the window there were multiple tables open. Next our waiter comes to our table and asks us our drink order. I tell her I want a glass of prosecco and water. She asks for my ID, that I had to problem with showing because I am 24 but I do look young. As soon as I handed her my ID she stared at it for 30 seconds and said she had to bring my ID to the bar, and told me that the bar had to check the ID. I have been here multiple other times and never did they have to bring my ID to the bar. It took her legitimately 15 minutes to have my ID checked and she didn't even come back with the drink I ordered. I was embarrassed, I understand policy very well, but I do know that it does not take 15 minutes to check an ID. This waitress made me feel extremely uncomfortable as if I was trying to show her a fake ID. My boyfriend, also of age ordered a glass as well and he left his wallet in his truck. He said he had no problem running to go get it and she immediately snapped at him and said go get it in a rude tone. He went and got his ID and she literally looked at it in front of us and didn't bring it to the bartender. She gave it right back to him. This seriously irked me. This waitress literally took over 15 minutes to get my ID checked by the bartender because "she had to." We ordered our food and she read our correct orders back to us. I ordered the "chicken fried chicken" and i subbed out the corn maque choux for French fried and the chicken already came with mashed potatoes. When I received my dinner from the food runner, instead of mashed potatoes I had collard greens. My boyfriend ordered the same thing and received mashed potatoes. Very confused why I was given collard greens (which I do not like). That side was not listed on the menu as the side that comes with the chicken. I was waiting for our waitress to come back so I could get my correct side, and she was no where to be found. We literally didn't see her anywhere. About 20 minutes later another worker walks up and puts our check on the table. This infuriated me, my order was wrong and I wanted to get dessert and another drink. I was not ready for the check. We look around and we see our waitress sitting at a table in the back. Literally SITTING AT A TABLE. She never came back to our table after we ordered our food. This was absolutely frustrating. I understand that some people have bad days, or their tired. But this, was unacceptable. Our entire dining experience from start to finish was uncomfortable.Setting: This place is really cute with a vibrant background and chill set up with an outside part and inside. It was very colorful. Instagram worthy things.
Staff were very friendly and attentive. 
Drinks: I got the hibiscus mule which was refreshing and pleasing to the taste buds. All the other drinks were good as well. Come here for happy hours from 4-7pm on weekday. It's fun to come with your girlfriends
Food: This is where the ratings were deducted from. I ordered the chicken and waffles. It's kinda hard to mess this up, but they did. Just literally a waffle and one measly chicken on top. Nothing else. Nothing fabulous. Very mediocre. My friends ordered other various food items and it was also very mediocre.
Bottomless, come here for drinks AT HAPPY HOURS but don't expect no good food. You will surely be disappointed.This place seems very aimed towards tourists which is okay but just not a great place where a local wants to go. The drinks are pretty good and the appetizers were good so I was hopeful. The main course though was not so good. My partner got a burger which wasn't cooked to order, bun was covered in oil and was meh. I got the shrimp and grits. The shrimp looked undercooked so I didn't touch them. The grits were not gritty...I know that sounds weird but they were like whipped potatoes. I was expecting something along the lines of Zea's or Crepe Nanou cheese grits which are awesome. The service was great. We just won't be back.Really enjoyed my Chicken fried chicken, bottomless mimosas (for $10! Great deal.), and when my friend had a problem it was addressed immediately and effectively.
Plus, our server Emily was eeeeexcellent. I will be back.We came here for my friends birthday and the shrimp appetizer that i ordered was amazing! The manager, i want to say his name was William, visited our table frequently and was awesome! He even brought my friend a free drink and dessert for her 21st. While everything was great, i would not recommend going with a large group if you're paying separate because they will not split the checks for you. We were given one large check and found it difficult to split up what everyone was paying for and figure out how to pay with so many forms of payment. It would have been different if the server would have let us know before we started ordering but unfortunately that was not the case. The food was great, just wish we could've gotten a warning about payments.Best ambiance ever. This place is a must-go-to. Didn't have food to add to the review, sure it was good! Only came here for their drinks. Had the frośe, backwasher, streetcar and another great tasting drink. The bartender was nice. I loved the consistency of their brand throughout the place. Near NOLA art district. I can't forget their outdoor spot.Fun atmosphere. Great food! Staff is super friendly and helpful. Great courtyard. New favorite place!Flamingo a NO NO! I have been anticipating the opening of this establishment for a while now as it is in my neighborhood.  I was extremely dissapointed with my experience.  Service was a joke.  When server went MIA, my friend and I went to the bar to order our drinks.  The bartender apologized for the situation and said he would notify waiter.  Waiter then said she would comp drinks.  When drinks were on the receipt, I mentioned she had comped them and she acted like she didn't know what I was talking about.  She got the manager, who then (firmly) stated we would have to pay for them.  Not to mention this waiter spilt a whole round (8) drinks on me and ruined my boots (these should have been comped as well).  Not to mention there were only 2 other occupied tables outside. The food was also delievered out of order.  They brought one of my friend's entrees.  Then 3 other entrees 10 minutes later.  Then 2 appetizers, etc. Could not wait to leave.  Will never go back and suggest you do the same.Had lunch at Flamingo A Go Go today with 7 other good friends here for the Sugar Bowl! The menu offered great choices & the food was very good! Our server Desiree was awesome! Great drinks and lots of large tv's to watch football! Highly recommend this place!Either I was really hungry or the food was really good because I cleaned my plate. I got the chicken fried chicken it was good. One thing I must say is that the customer service here is excellent. My friends and I sat outside to eat and literally every person who worked there who passed us by greeted us, they asked how we were doing, how was the food, did we need anything? We went during brunch time so 10 dollar mimosas and sparking rośe it was. The waiter kept us filled up.Went to Sunday brunch and a birthday celebration. Made the reservations thru Open Table and apparently the staff did not take the time to read the special requests. (No one ever mentioned the fact that we were there for a birthday celebration even tho we were opening gifts) After explaining to the rude hostess that we needed to be somewhere where a stroller would fit ( and yes, the babies would be in the stroller) it took 15minutes for us to be greeted by a waiter and get water. I will say that once our food order was finally taken, the dishes arrived fairly quickly and for the most part was good, however, the rudeness from the very beginning will keep me from returning. My husband also just reminded me that he found a long blonde hair wrapped around the garnishment in his Bloody Mary.We popped by this place for lunch before exploring the WWII museum, mostly cos I loved how colourful the place looked! The food here is good, nothing spectacular, just good. I got a salad, the asparagus one, with the dressing on the side as I like to control how much dressing goes on. The addition of mint within the salad made it surprisingly good and different from your usual salad. The bf got a cheeseburger. It came with garlic fries which I think were the star of our meal. Those were really good! Overall, it was a good pit stop for lunch on the way to the WWII museum (the museum is highly recommended!) but it didn't wow me.Flamingo A-go-go gets everything right.  I live in New Orleans and make sure to bring every visitor I have here. I also make certain to get other locals to come here.  The food is fantastic, the service is wonderful, the drinks are heavenly and the courtyard is downright magical.  I absolutely recommend this establishment every chance I get.Such a super cute restaurant! I loved the Instagramable ambiance. But we're here to talk about my dining experience, right?
We stopped by on a Saturday evening around 7:00-ish. There was a good crowd but we were seated immediately. Actually, we were seated in the dining area but discovered the very fun patio so we went out there instead. 
Our choice of Flocktails included the Streetcar (me), made with Maker's Mark bourbon, apricot brandy, tepache liqueur, and lemon juice. Very good! My friend got the Blue Lightning, a big fishbowl drink made with Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum, pineapple juice, & blue curacao. This was only $7! I tried some of hers (okay, a lot of hers) and it was tasty.
For dinner, I stuck with a Caesar salad with grilled salmon. It was good...your run-of-the-mill salad. I also stole a few shrimp from my friend's Fried Shrimp entree...I could tell the shrimp were fresh. Yum! 
I'd definitely pay another visit whenever I'm in the Big Easy, even if it was just to do it for the 'gram.
Oh, and shout out to the staff there. Everyone was so incredibly friendly! I'd forgotten my phone when we moved from the inside to the outside and they quickly put it in the office for safe keeping. Plus, we had several staff members check on us to make sure we were okay.Celebrated my grandson's 9th birthday here. Food was mediocre. I had the fish with dirty rice. Will give it another shot.Looking for a place to stop and rest with my dog and they bring me me out a doggie menu.The hostess was energetic and greeted us immediately. She took us inside to be seated. We ordered onion rings as an appetizer, but the server forgot to put the order in so we never received them. Our food was good, but would have been better if it had not been under the heat lamp so long. The plates and knives were so hot from sitting under the heat lamp that you could barely touch them. We did all enjoy the garlic fries. The portions were very fair for the money. The service was pretty bad though. We struggled to get drink refills. A server (possibly from another section) stopped by to refill waters a few times and told us he would get our server for us. The busboy that came by to clear our dishes set the service bin on our table to clear the dishes (yuck!). I will say that I don't think this was an establishment problem; I think we just got unlucky with this particular server. I would try this restaurant again because I think we would have had a better experience with a better server.Worse crab claw appetizer n hamburger was a hockey puck
Terrible food
Great service
Reviews obviously not legit
Terrible overall foodThe atmosphere is great! Its in a great locations and the placed inside and outside is nice. The problem comes with management or the lack there of. I have given this place 3 different tries and every time I have been disappointed. With all the staff they have, everyone just seems to stand around not doing anything. Every time i have been, a salad is the last entree to arrive... always after everyone has finished their entree. Any yes, the salad issue has happened all three times  
I have done catering, waited tables and bartended for many years and I know things happen behind the scenes. Mistakes happen. But to have given this place 3 different trials to see if it was just that one experience, every time I have left in shock that this place is still open. 
The food is decent but not that good for the wait staff to be slacking this bad. My opinion; they need a manager present at ALL times. I have never in my life seen so many people standing around. Waters were empty, plates were done and it remained like that for quite some time.Fun and delicious! 
I came here with a couple friends. We chose to sit outside which was an excellent choice. I recognized the location as it was a different restaurant before, and I like what they've done with it. The flamingo theme is cute but not too girly. There's a projector outside that shows on the tall brick wall of the building next door. Outside (and inside) there was plenty of seating and a bar. There were about four parties of 6-12 people seated outside and there was still plenty of room. It got a little chilly as the night went on, so an employee turned a couple of the heating stands they had throughout the patio area. They did just the trick and kept it comfortable. 
Parking: there's a public lot across the street you can pay to park in or you can find a street spot. 
The food was yummy! I got a burger and fries. My burger was cooked as I ordered and the flavors were great. The fries were so delicious. The had a garlic Parmesan coating, no need for dipping sauce. My friends got a drink that came in a fun tiki glass. While I can't remember the name of the drink, I do remember it was very good! One friend got just an appetizer. I think it was called Shrimp A-Go-Go. So good! My other friend got a chicken dinner plate. There were so many different things like rice and greens and corn, etc. She definitely took some home!
Our waitress was very nice, prompt, and easy going. She didn't rush us to leave even after we'd paid and more people were coming in. 
I'd recommend this place for anyone, especially larger groups, looking to relax and go a place where everyone can find something they like. Great for food and drinks!We stumbled upon Flamingo A-Go-Go after the WWII museum. What an awesome casual and fun place! Great atmosphere and super friendly staff. Orionne and Antonio were incredible and really attentive! Poke and drinks perfect!I should give it 1 star.
We were greeted by our "server" lexis or Alexis whatever her name was. She was rude from the jump. When my friends asked to add something to our order, she almost immediately was in defense mode. If you hate your job don't work here.Fabulous Alex was our waitress yesterday was great and helpful going back for superbowlInteresting with potential to be better.  New place but run by a restaurant group so should be ready to impress out of the gate.  I ordered the lemon chicken rotini.  Excellent flavor medley.  Not enough chicken and the naan bread included was stale.  Naan bread had grill marks but cooler than room temp and not fresh   Kinda liked they grilled a bunch of it and then set it aside, this morning.   I don't really care about the bread and if they added a bit more chicken, I would order again.  
Atmosphere:  seems they are going for a Bourbon Street bar vibe with food but the menu indicates they want to be a restaurant.  
Prices are reasonable but found waitress most excited about the most expensive items on the menu.  Ugh.Fun atmosphere!! Great outdoor dining! Prices are reasonable and food was great!!! The Havarti cheese planks and Hawaiian steak was great!!!Nice people and a great location - but the biggest problem with this restaurant is the food. Too much of a reliance on fried food and bland offerings. 
Here is what they should do to kick up their menu: (1) improve the things that are already ok. The Caesar Salad is fine, but add homemade croutons or parmesan chips. Something special. (2) Add items that can be made with fresh and locally sourced items. A spicy shrimp boil would be a great addition, as would fresh pie or desserts from an innovative vendor.
If they continue with the mediocre offerings, I foresee a vacant restaurant space in the very near future.This place was really good and their happy hour was really recent. I tried their  Bushwhacker drink from their flocktails menu and it was delicious! I loved the chocolate and just letting you know, it's frozen. For appetizers wee had their Shrimp a-go-go and it was probably my favorite food that night. Super flavorful and filling.
For food, my friend and I each ordered a poboy. I tried the shrimp one while my friend got the bbq pork. I thought the shrimp one was okay, it filled me up in two bites with all the carbs and bread. My friend seemed to enjoy the pork one a bit more. Next time I would try something else but definitely loved the shrimp a go go.
Our server lee was really nice and friendly,  super prompt and fun. She recommended the drinks and She was definitely on point! 
Definitely looking forward to my next trip here in the future and I recommende the shrimp a go go!I came here to do recon for potential venue sites for our work parties of about 150-200 ppl. I called early afternoon and spoke to an event manager, Ashley, to let her know I'd come by in the evening for Happy Hour (ends at 7) to check it out and get some details on renting out the space for next year. I think the overall space is great because of the huge outdoor entertaining space and large indoor seating area, but I think perhaps they are still working out some kinks since they just opened.
Service is friendly, and multiple team members greeted us and checked in to see how things were going. However, I arrived around 6:30 pm and informed the bartender I was looking for Ashley, then informed our server and then asked another staff member, and then was informed that she had already left for the evening by 7:45 when I asked our server again. Frustrating, because that was the whole point of my visit. I did get to speak to the general manager and while they had not worked out the details of event planning yet, he gave me the contact for Creole Cuisine, the parent company that manages the restaurant. 
We proceeded to order mainly appetizers and drinks to sample the menu, and one entree. There seems like there is a lack of cohesiveness to the theme- none of us could figure out if they were going for a Carribean twist or what the menu was trying to say about the place. I will say the Jamaican Jerk burger was delicious as were the fries! However, the other appetizers were average. We ordered the marinated crab claws, which were very disappointing. They tasted like a slimy Italian dressing was poured over them. We didn't finish them. The nachos were pretty basic and tasted ok also largely unfinished. We also ordered the very delicious sounding fried havarti cheese planks with a fig-balsamic reduction, but they accidentally brought us the garlic parmesan chicken bites, which were basically chicken nuggets with a bit of flair. That dish was taken away and finally replaced with three cheese planks with thick heavy breading on it and was just ok, but the fig-balsamic dipping sauce was pretty good. 
As far as drinks went, I ordered the "Super good advice", which also sounded much more delicious than it's delivery. I love a sweet/spicy combo to a cocktail and this was supposed to be a pineapple habanero mix, but had a very strong cough syrupy taste and a hint of spicy finish. I love spicy and there was very little kick to this. My friend ordered the Prickly Pear which was cactus juice, tequila, agave and ginger beer and was much better. Probably my favorite part was the menu description declaring, "You'll love this little prick!" Can they say that?? But I think it's awesome they did. Lol. I then ordered the Flamingo on a Wire, which was an elsweflower, blood orange blueberry mixture, but it was more bitter than anything, as in too much citrus zest, and both drinks went unfinished by anyone at our table, so we switched to beer instead. To her credit, the server did offer to replace my first drink since she saw it sitting there full and untouched.
I wanted to love this place and I still recommended it to our social committee as a potential venue for parties bc it's actually a great indoor-outdoor space. The courtyard has lots of brightly colored umbrellas, string lights and tables, there is an old military truck converted into a small decked area with a couple of tables. They have a movie/TV projector that can play on the large brick wall opposite... I think they did a great job with the outside. Inside has lots of space, but it's kind of harsh, bright lighting for a bar feel, and the decor is a mix of vintage posters, flat screen TVs, bright colors and abstract portraits, but a beautiful Beck Fos Flamingo mural adorns one wall. Again, all over the place and a bit confusing without an overall theme. Behind the bar is a wall of what looks like daiquiri dispensers serving beer, wine & "flocktails" which is cute. 
Overall, great space, but they are still working out some kinks, as to be expected as they have been open just a few days. I think the appetizers really need some work to be great, but the one entree we had was actually quite good. I will be back with the hopes that the food will improve and this will become a go to hangout spot.The menu was wonderful but even more so our waitress Desiree was a delight (coming from a waitress for 3 Years)! The hibiscus mule is a must. Came with a party of eight and it was so easy to get the right accommodationsSuch a fun atmosphere!  My hubby and I were looking for a patio in NOLA and struggled to find one until we found this place.  The drinks are awesome and reasonably priced.  Great hang out spot!First time here and let me tell you this. My wife and I loved everything, everything about this place especially our waiters. The customer service was amazing to say the least. Ask for Desiree she is five stars.First visit to Flamingo, was recommended through a friend and I will be back. Awesome food, friendly and knowledgeable bar staff. And a great visit from the manager Will.I thoroughly enjoyed. The atmosphere is fun and funky and relaxed.   I went the first time for brunch and sat at the bar. The mimosas were flowing quickly, fresh, and heavily pored. The hummus was amazing and my friend got a large salad.   I have returned a few times and enjoyed the food and the service is always friendly.  However I was not a fan of the salmon dip.This place could be amazing, food could be tasty, drinks could be delicious...but I will never know because when I came here last night (Friday) at 11 pm with my husband, we waited for over 30 mins and no one ever came to our table. We didn't even get offered water. There were only four other tables outside with people - no one was serving them either though. Two waitresses walked past us at least three times, but no one ever stopped. My husband and I rarely get a date night alone and had been waiting anxiously to have some time out together all week. We had been waiting to try this place for a while and even paid for an Uber downtown! I can't express how disappointed I am with my experience here and how annoyed I am that this was my one night out with my husband for who knows how long. Bad service at a restaurant will happen from time to time, but I honestly have no clue what is going on at this place. On the way out, I brought our menus back to the hostess stand and didn't even get a "Hey what happened? Do y'all need help?" Just blank looks from every employee I passed. I will not return and advise anyone looking for a date night where you get to drink and eat to go to a different spot.So slow. No one in the restaurant knows how to smile either. They looked fully staffed but everyone was just hanging out behind the bar not doing anything. Never going there again.We enjoyed lunch today in the patio. Our waitress was fab, drinks were good, loved the ambiance. Left slightly disappointed when waitress came back after we paid our bill and left a tip, and asked to re run our card because she gave us the wrong bill initially.  They cancelled our transaction and we paid our bill which was a bit higher. Just a bit of a pain when taking clients out to dinner. We will be back for another try.Oh. My. Goodness. Quite possibly the best meal I've ever eaten. I got the Acapulco chicken sandwich with garlic fries & it was amazing. The frosé was delicious as well! I highly recommend this place!I 100% would recommend this place. My boyfriend and I went one night at 8pm and sit outside on a cute patio with lights and music. 
We ordered two appetizers and when served, the server realized one of them was the wrong order and just gave it to us. All three appetizers (shrimp a go-go, tuna poke bowl and go-go bites) were absolutely delicious. 
Go check this place out!Excellent customer service, amazing scenery , great vibes! This place is exactly what you need when wanting to have a good times.Really good lunch today. First time going. Very cool vibe. People of all ages were there. Food was excellent. Three of us are three entrees, an appetizer and two mixed drinks for $61. And we were stuffed. A lot of outside seating so can't wait for the fall weather. Great bar area as well. Overall very positive experience. Recommend making reservations.Food was good, service lacking. We were a large party and did not get much attention. Orders were all mixed up and little to no understanding of basic customer service skills related to managing up. Server blamed kitchen and pawned off on manager. Manager did little to rectify which leads to believe customer service problems are systemic. Shame because food was good and drinks were strong. Appreciate the non-auto grat...I think that was the make me up for the service.Walk from the CBD for lunch almost once a week. Great options to eat a big long lunch in the courtyard or get a quick salad. Staff is on point and food is great quality and variety.This place gets an extra star from me for the doggie menu..komos loved his chicken dinner and it didn't upset his stomach at all! 
I had the kale salad and added shrimp. It's a pretty good size and was delicious. Great flavors. 
The sidecar was delicious. Well made and fun spin on a classic drink. 
Queso starter was delicious! 
Super friendly staff. Plenty of dogs there and staff always checked on all the pups and gave them loveHorrible experience here.....entrees were delivered before appetizers, avocado in chicken sandwich was brown, additional drinks were on the receipt that were not ordered and they refused to take them off. Horrible experience will never go back.Great drinks, apps were good too! My salad was basic.. but the atmosphere was pretty cool! I'd recommend going for a drink!The decoration of the restaurant is a lot of fun and it has its own authenticity. Our drinks and food orders took a long time. It wasn't extremely busy at the restaurant. I ordered a watermelon margarita and it was a bit different from what I expected. It was made from artificial watermelon flavor, instead of fruit puree. It tasted super sweet and not as tasty as I hope for. The food items are a-ok. We ordered the shrimp and chicken bites. The chicken bites are literally fried chicken pieces with slices of Parmesan cheese. There was nothing special about the dish and the taste is a bit lacking. I definitely had better and more flavorful appetizers before of the similar items.came here for drinks.    Lovely patio area.   I got no clue what happened at shift change but the person we came to meet, wasn't happy.    We had to check him from making the situation worse.    The manager came over and offered to buy our first round of drinks so that helped.   It took forever to get a drink, once they came pretty interesting stuffs there.    However, when we decided to go, and get one drink to go with that , the bill came and nothing was removed.    So we waited for our poor server to come and then find the manager.   It was all figured out, but time consuming.   With as much headphones, and running around, that moment of communication over free drinks should've been handled immediately.    Whats the point of so much high tech, when it impedes communication.    I'll be back to try you again, I'm not dismayed.   People have bad days.   Looks like great food, and again, the drinks are fun.Now this is how you reestablish a relationship! I voiced my concerns about my last two experiences here and William the general manager reached out to me to inquire about my experiences. He also invited my fiancé and I to come back for dinner and drinks and we accepted. Not only was William very apologetic and concerned, he was also determined that he change our perception of the restaurant. We tried dishes we never had, which was the shrimp a-go-go as an appetizer, the steak kebabs and the red fish dinner entrée. I was very impressed with all three, presentations and taste and the service was great. I'm happy to say that I will definitely be returning and recommending Flamingo now, since they are committed to earning your business and creating a great dining experience!!! Thank you William!This is a great option for a big group-- especially if you are heading to the Superdome! Desiree took amazing care of us and provided superior service. The food came out fast and was delicious. I highly recommend the tuna poke bowl and queso. They also have delicious cocktails- our favorites were the hibiscus mule and the very good advice!Flew in for a convention and stayed a block and a half from here (Springhill Suites). Food open until 1:30 am and had a shrimp po boy when I couldn't find any restaurants open.  Had an amazing outdoor area playing movies. While not near the quarter, this place is a few minutes from the convention center. Great vibe and energy and incredible service. Did I mention the po boy and garlic fries were incredible?  Definitely coming back. Ask for Randall the bartender, he can make a cocktail!Great place to go if you are by the WWII museum. Took us 5 minutes to walk. Has indoor and outdoor area (we literally had a party outside and no one complained) the food was delish! Must get the mussel soup! The jerk chicken was fab but swap out the sides because in my opinion they were too salty with the already super seasoned chicken. The poke bowl is life! Perfect place for large crowds!!IT'S A GO GO!!!! I had brunch here and it was a great experience. Our waitress Hailey was the best ever. She was very knowledgeable about their menu and was able to suggest great additions and substitutions if needed. The atmosphere really sets this place off. There are lots of games: connect four etc to play. Lots of outside/inside seating. The bottomless mimosas were very good and free for St. Patty's. 
Food: garlic Parmesan Chicken Bites-Very tender. Full of flavor
Pulled Jerk'd chicken Hash-Good Flavor could've been sweeter. But still good
Lone Star Burger- AMAZING!!! is the only way to describe.Here at "Flamingo Go Go" little bit of a flashy name how ever the vibe is very laid back, a good spot to grab a quick bite with a decent flavor. the wait was not long at all, i started off with onion rings, little under cooked for my liking personally but my guest at the table quite enjoyed them, to each his own. a friend of mine ordered the smoked salmon spread, in my opinion this was spot on however it was served with a tacky pile of mini mart saltines, couldve been better with a pita chip of some sorts. for my main course i then ordered the BBQ Pork Chop Po Boy, wasnt bad had a good smokey flavor accompanied with bbq sauce, cheese, onion rings, and collared greens; very salty however, so much as tho i didnt want to finish the other half (and i love bbq food). the fries on the side had a lot of garlic, again some may enjoy that but i did not care for it. the staff seemed very alert and invested in making the experience a good one, the general manager also came by to make sure everything was perfect. also the interior design is corky in all good ways, a lot of neat pieces on the wall. all in all not bad if you have nothing to do or if you need a bite to eat for a good price. wouldnt say its a tourist must do but if the spirit moves ya give it a shot.Flocktails are super unique & delish. A great place to dine by the WWII Museum. Not NOLA cuisine but more upscale bar/sea-food. Burgers were a bit greasy. Crab claws were good, but not a fan of the shells in a salad. Cool place for drinks.Dined with my family at Flamingo last week,
We sat outside and we took our dog with us.  Great vibe with the music and the colorful lights.  Really cool spot at night.
In addition to the cocktails and food we ordered they offered our dog a menu with dog food plates...How cool?  And we did!
We always enjoy our time here, the food and the staff are amazing and friendly!I really wanted to try this place like really wanted to but we sat there for 15 minutes and then one service no one even looked at us it was rather disappointingEh. Our meal started off with an awkward tour of where the bar, patio, bathrooms, and upstairs was. I got the Tuna Salad. I was nervous because of the seemingly random ingredients on the salad, but then I thought "No, these flavors must work, why would they put them together if they didn't?". I was wrong, that salad was wrong. Not just off but very, very bad. They also didn't ask how I wanted my tuna done which is a red flag. My friend didn't like his fish sandwich either. The staff was overly friendly, checking in on the table too often. It felt very far from any New Orleans dining experience.I love this place when it's packed. When it's empty the vibe isn't as great. But game nights and brunch are Aces!I wanted to scope this place out as a potential baby shower location for a co-worker, so me & hubby went on a Friday night.  It's got all the right elements for a fun party...very colorful decor, cute drinks, and a funky patio.  Unfortunately, the service and food were lacking.  The poke bowl appetizer was really good, but our main meals were pretty mediocre. I ordered a watermelon margarita and it was one of the worst drinks I've had in a while.  It tasted like Crystal Light powder blended with ice.  Drank it anyways because I'm not one to send stuff back.  I couldn't have sent it back anyways, because our waiter was MIA.  Eventually a manager came to check on us and apologized for the disappearing waiter.  She comp'd our appetizer which was definitely not necessary, but still very kind.   I'd be willing to give it another shot...maybe for brunch or something.  I'd steer clear from the flavored margaritas though.The food was descent. The deserts are underwhelming and they put us at the wrong table and had us waiting for a while before we were made to move to a different table and then eventually order.This place was really cool , looks like it can be a very happening place . Went on a Monday for lunch and we sat outside . The server came and took our drink orders and we ordered bloody Mary's which those were very delicious . And then we proceeded to ask what were popular items for appetizer and the waiter suggested some items
So we ordered the shrimp a go go and the go go bites and for our entree we ordered the shrimp and grits when i had asked the waiter what was a popular entre and he was like all flustered and said idk I'm new here which i was like it's ok just say so lol so we waited on our food and all the food came out together I was like ok that ticks me off man like but whatever , now to the food the appetizers I really enjoyed the shrimp and grits not so much , they had in their description that beer was in it , thats the part that I think tasted odd to me . To me if they just left that out they would of been pretty damn good ! I prob would
Go back and maybe try something else . 
Oh and when we got
Our food we ordered more drinks this time frose and some basil drink , the frose was ok and the basil drink wasn't too good to me , and the drinks came in like 20 mins which confused me because it wasn't super busy ‍It's a very energetic feel coming into the restaurant. Bright colors and pretty cool music. I went for brunch and the unlimited drinks were awesome. Sparkling Rose and mimosas, pick your poison. Food was great, portions are small. Not to worry, it's still fillingSean was so friendly and kind! We came on a hot summer day and he went out of his way to get us a fan right next to our table! We love this placeWent for lunch the food was great! I had a chicken sandwich with avocado I don't remember what it was called but it was so good. The fries are like beer battered type and had garlic stuff on it. Amazing. I had a glass of Frozé, my mom had a sangria both were impressed. The place was clean, service was nice, the bathroom was clean also. I most of all enjoyed the art on the walls. Cool spot went here after the WWII Museum. Good spot.Grab your girlies and get your brunch on! This place is ADORABLE! They have a huge menu and their cocktail list is flawless. For brunch, you can get $10 bottomless mimosas or rosé...and they have frosé! The bartenders were super friendly and chatted with everyone even as they faced the brunch crowd. Super fun place!Mixed feelings about this place. When you first get there, it really has a nice open layout inside but nothing impressive. Ask to sit outside though. Now outside blew me away as a totally unexpected spacious outdoor setting with nice cabana style all the way in the back but tons of tables upfront. They even project movies on the brick wall out there. It was a bit chilly that night so they had warmer lamps too which I thought was a nice touch. Overall impressed by the looks so far. Our server though made the whole thing suck. No excitement or suggestions on popular items, admitted to not having tasted any drinks really & seemed quite unsure about the definition of the word "popular". After we figured out ourselves what seemed interesting (poorly might I add - our own fault tho), he takes our order & disappears not to be seen for a very long time. Mind you the place was not that busy outside, no idea if he had tons of tables inside or was just ready to finish his shift. He was so good at hide & seek, we were getting things from other servers including our bill which we ended up paying at the bar because we were ready to go. Onto the food, we had the queso blanco (tasted weird to me - probably just the cheese used wasn't to my liking) and the garlic parmesan chicken bites which were fried little bites of chicken pieces with parmesan shavings on top ( not what we thought we were getting). We were going to get real food but stopped after the appetizers. The drinks were good (Frose and White Russian) but well the food was not a win either. However I give it 3 stars for decor and space, and I will attempt to go to a brunch instead. Hopefully the bottomless libations will give me a better opinion of the place on my 2nd try.Only restaurant we came back to twice on our vacation to New Orleans. We came back for the shrimp a go go. AMAZING. Also recommend tostada salad, shrimp poboy, and spicy crawfish soup. Our waitress Desiree was awesome!!!!! Super nice and helpful.I really wanted to like it. We had reservations for a table inside (not bar, not high top) we arrived on time, table wasn't ready. They offered us bar seating, we declined. The hostess was rude. Went to the bar to wait for our reserved table, they were out of many of the Ingredients to make the signatures flocktails (715pm on a Saturday night). Hostess comes to tell us our table is ready...it's a high top next to the bar. Waiter was nice, did what he could. Two people In our party received their entrees 20min before the rest of us. This place looked so cute on instagram but was such a disappointment.Beautiful courtyard, delicious food, prompt service. We rolled up with a group of 12 (after a nearby charity event), and our server Brian took great care of us. Service was very attentive. Everyone loved their food and drinks. We had a fabulous table (built around a tree) outside - and when it started to drizzle, they already had a table ready to re-seat us on the covered porch. They even sent out samples of some of their specialty drinks - I will be back for that Frose' this summer! I will be back - already told my husband I want to find a reason for a dinner party with friends in the raised boat in the courtyard. :-)My gals and I were so excited to try this place out. We made a reservation well in advance via open table. Hoping to sit outside, we were denied due to a large party of 12 that was supposed to come in. I never saw that large party come in. Cocktails were good: I had the hibiscus mule. Unfortunately, our waitress was ghosting us the whole night, so we were only able to order one more from another waiter. The food came out     quickly. Most of my table ordered a tuna poke bowl. Everyone liked it but no one finished it. I went a different route and ordered the shrimp and grits. The grits were great. I liked the shrimp--they were salty, but i love salt. However, something did not sit right with me (TMI?), I just can't be sure what it was. It is a spacious place, and i would like to try to sit outside sometime. The other servers, bussers and managers were helpful, aside from our waitress. We had opened our secret santa gifts there, and they were nice about our trash, which is appreciated. Last note- the fried cheese appetizer is great. Its fried cheese; what could be wrong?Great place to hang out & get a flavor of New Orleans! We happened to be there on National Pink Flamingo DayWe visited the restaurant on Monday afternoon during Mardi Gras, the place was busy but not packed. When we arrived there was no one waiting and no one at the hostess stand. A few minutes later, more families came in and someone finally came over to ask how many were in our groups. She didn't take down any names or give us a wait time. About 5-10 minutes passed and a couple of tables were cleared, so the hostess began seating groups. Everyone waiting had 3-4 people, but she began seating whoever was closest to her (we had moved out of the way so new people could approach the stand). At first this wasn't a big deal, but more time had passed and she continued. Perhaps it was our fault for not crowding the hostess stand, but a method of keeping track of the wait list would be helpful. After telling the hostess we've been waiting the longest, she sat us right away. After looking through the menu we were excited. Unfortunately, over 10 minutes had passed and not a single person came to our table. There were servers waiting other tables, so we waited and tried to be understanding. However, being at a restaurant for over 30 minutes and not even getting a drink was unacceptable so we got up and left. Based on the reviews I 'might' try this again, but they need much better organization.My friends and I wanted a place to grab a bite to eat while we were out and we weren't disappointed. I got the nachos and they were to die for. No one in my party had something negative to say and we cleared every plate on the table. I will definitely be back for a saints game or just a Saturday lunch!Amazing place to sit back and have drinks.  Also a great place to bring the kids for brunch.  Definitely going backReally fun drink selections - great place for drinks AND food. 
The truck in the back is a cool spot to eat. The table in there can handle about 10 people. There's a ton of patio seating and indoor seating as well.
The southwest chicken salad was delicious. I don't usually care about the taco shell bowl, but this one was outstanding. 
The staff is friendly, and they had good recommendations when I was lost.What an awesome little place. So we turned right when exiting the Old 77 Hotel and found this. The game was thrown up on the big brick wall and the atmosphere was just perfect. Not a sports bar when you sit outside. The dog loved they had a dedicated pet menu and when we ordered one of the 3 options it was surprisingly prepared, plated and soon gone as Millie chowed it down ASAP. 
The play on shrimp and grits was great as was my awesome wife's veggie dish. The drinks were addicting and the key lime pie at the end was dangerously good. 
The staff was super friendly, I mean everyone wanted to pet Millie or Golden Doodle. Our waitress was as outstanding.
Overall this place was great and yes they cater to pets and humans equally. So bring Fido along and relax and enjoy.Great atmosphere. Great drinks. Really cool place. Service was not that good. Apps were so much better that any of the entrees we ordered and we had a party of 8 all different stuff.Such a good place to go with a group of friends or your significant other. It's good to make reservations cause the wait can sometimes be a while depending on what time you come. The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is wonderful and the waiters are very prompt even when it's really busy. I had the Tostada salad and it was the bomb. The dressing for the salad set it off. I had the Queso Blanco dip which was also good. Had to ask for more chips. The serving size of chips was very small. Definitely would come again.Went on a Saturday night at 7pm and sat at the bar. Got our first drinks fairly quickly. I had gotten the raspberry-basil drink during a different visit and It was delicious but it was NOT the same drink tonight.  It was very bland and had no flavor.  After our first round of drinks it was a struggle to even get eye contact with any bartender, let alone service. When a bartender finally came over to us, one person in my party ordered a drink and we notified her the rest of us would be ordering food. She got the drink and never came back for our order...20 min later we get the attention of a different bartender and finally ordered food (after two people in our party left to go eat somewhere else because it was taking too long). 35 minutes later I notice the food on my receipt is not what I ordered, they charged me more than our item was and the item on the receipt WAS NOT SOMETHING THAT WAS EVEN ON THE MENU!! I spoke with a manger after that and got a refund and left. We ended up getting food elsewhere. The service was not great and I overheard two other parties saying the same thing. This place has potential but more needs to go into training process and customer service for ALL staff.If you are looking for a cute spot to hang out for eats and drinks, Flamingo a GoGo is the place for you. A fiend celebrated her birthday here. We went during brunch. It's located in NOLA on Magazine and it's kinda artsy. There are colored pipes outside of the restaurant and paintings on the walls on the inside.
The patio has a truck that you can dine in. I would not recommend sitting here in the summer. Initially this is where we were seated. The birthday girl reminded the manager William that there was a heat advisory. He asked us to wait and he was able to sit us inside (thanks William)
The food is ok ......... but I only saw the brunch menu. I had the fried shrimp. They were seasoned well and they came with fries and 4 big onion rings. Others ordered the chicken and waffles but it comes with Cane syrup and they don't have maple syrup. My favorite was the Frozé 
It was a big weekend in NOLA. The waitress seemed frazzled as if a party of 13 was too much for her but we all got through brunch.
It's worth going backI was really excited to go try this place, but was totally disappointed in the menu, both drinks and food.  I had the bronzed redfish, which I suspect is actually red drum, it is way too firm to be actual redfish.  It was flavorful and cooked well, none the less.  The dirty rice was dry, dry, dry, and not too much flavor and the collard greens seemed to be canned turnip greens.  That  was a huge disappointment.  The ambiance inside was boring.  A few pictures from old movies, nothing I would think of from a place called flamingo a go-go.  The music, I would have expected to be up beat and fun, but was more like old, classic rock, kind of a bummer.  Needless to say, we won't be going back.First time eating at this place. It has been on my brunch list for a while now and today was my chance to try it. The menu is very different from your average brunch spot which is a plus for me. The service was great as well. The only downfall would be the noise. It's very very loud in there.Arrived in New Orleans late and we were all pretty starving not to mention thirsty! We walked not knowing what to expect but then all the hospitality came rolling in. Christy was so nice to us and was very pleasant. We ordered our food and we were all happy with it then Cedric the Chief came out and greeted us don't know many places that do that. We were talking to him like we've known him forever we mentioned we were here to celebrate my son's 21st birthday and before you know it he brought out some cake and ice cream at no extra cost. Tony (manager) you have a great staff your doing good keep up the good work! We will be seeing you all this week for the remainder of our stay.Alrighty, flam, here it a go-go's.... 
Here's how the night went down: ordered our first round of drinks, they took about 10+ minutes to come to us. My margarita order was incorrect, and was also awful and I had to trade it for a beer. Queso is delicious, however, chip portion is laughable small. Then we ordered entrees which surprisingly only took about 10 minutes to come out. One entree was left out, simply due to the servers mistake, which is understandable, but then we waited an additional 30 minutes for one entree. During that time no one checked on us to see how we were doing on drinks or if we needed anything. Manager finally brought out the last entree and offered a specific beer he recommended, which was kind of forced upon us, so it sounded like that round of drinks would be comped. Nope. 
Jerkey burger is entirely too salty, btw. 
Finally, there was a big rat running near our table. Granted we were sitting on a New Orleans patio, but it just made for an unpleasant dining experience. Hostess was super sweet and fun though! Won't be returning.This place has the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. Our server didn't come to our table for hours at a time. Impossible to get a drink here. It's a decent atmosphere but the food (which was cold) and the service was AWFUL. Go literally anywhere else. I didn't even touch on the food (which was terrible) as the service was even worse.My friend and I sat at the bar and the service was really slow. I ordered the Alfredo Pasta, which it says on the menu has tomatoes, asparagus, garlic, and cheese. But when my pasta came it also had peppers and olives in it and it was not good at all. The olives completely ruined the flavor. There are plenty of awesome spots to eat at in NOLA, check something else out!First of all the decor and space is awesome- huge improvement over the last restaurant that occupied this space! Super fun vibe and tons of fans to keep it cool outside on the giant patio. Waitstaff was extremely friendly and made great recommendations, Sylmerris was a fantastic waitress and Sean always kept our $10 bottomless mimosa glasses full. Will definitely recommend this place for groups, before Saints games, or just an afternoon with friends. We were impressed by the yummy cocktails and how affordable the menu was.  Will definitely be back!We made reservations for a large group one week in advance. Reservation was for 1230. It was for bottomless mimosas which have an ending time. When we showed up at 1230, they looked us up and the only words that came out of their mouth was "oh, that's gonna be a while." Must have forgot what the word reservation means. We waited an hour and a half. And then when they came to seat us, they put us outside. The same outside that was empty since the moment we walked in. And our seats were soaking wet. And by the time we got seated we only had under an hour of bottomless time. Last brunch there. Possibly last visit there period.Tried to give this place A LAST CHANCE before I totally wrote it off.... thinking that a simple to-go order would change my opinion on this place.... I ordered 2 simple Caesar salads, one with chicken and one with salmon. They told me it would be 15 mins and was there right at the 15 mins because I live across the street.... now for a $13 salmon salad, you would THINK that at the LEAST that the salmon would be HOT/WARM since I know the order wasn't sitting at the bar for long as I was there right at the 15 minutes... IT WASN'T, the chicken was cold on my fiancé's salad and the pita bread was cold and HARD...they cannot get simple things right!! And for the price of $13, the salmon portion should've been more than the SLITHER of cold meat they gave. So I paid $13 for chopped cheap lettuce and a cold salmon slither with hard pita bread. I can't wrap my head around why this keeps happening when I try to patronize this establishment!! I'm done with Flamingo-A-NOOOO-GO!!Sabrina was great as a server! Great food and the service was quick. A fun environment for a big group. The patio is the way to goI'm going to to be honest. The food was not worth mentioning. Standard bar fare. But maybe slightly worse. The sweet potato fries probably came from a frozen bag that would cost the same for more fries. My salad was good but I could do the same at home. 
Things I did like
- The drinks: I love how they have wine, beer, and cocktails on taps. Plus who doesn't like a slushy drink
- Open air patio: It's out back. On a beautiful day definitely ask to be seated there! I loved how they had a projection screen for game viewing
- Large parties: This place can definitely support that as I was in a group of 8
Overall! Great place to meet up and get drinks. Food is secondary. I would definitely return to this establishment to watch some gamesPlace was amazing service even better will definitely return for a game or just cocktailsReally likes the atmosphere.  We had ate already and just stopped in for a cool drink.  Bartenders were attentive and very friendly.  Place was decorated beautifully, I loved all the colors.  Food looked really good that we watched come out to other customers.  The patio looked like a lot of fun.  Even the bathroom was decked out with photos of amazing women.  I would most definitely stop in if we make it to town again!I, my husband and teenage son enjoyed our lunch/brunch here on Sunday (April 29th) before attending a birthday party at the Children's Museum.  We booked our reservation online a few days before and I am so glad that I had the forethought to make that reservation.  When we arrived it was very busy. The hostess told the couple ahead of us that there was a 45 minute wait to eat outside, on the patio.  The couple put their name in and once they did that, the hostess walked away and didn't return for five minutes.  She didn't ask us to wait a second or explain why she had to walk away, she just left leaving us standing at the hostess podium. When she returned she was pleasant but did not say, "I'm sorry" or "thank you for waiting". I only mention this so that management may address the issue.  Had we not had a reservation, we would have left.  As a matter of fact, while waiting for the hostess, my husband asked if we should wait for the hostess to return indicating that he felt the place seemed a bit disorganized and felt we were in for a long drawn-out dining experience. It was not! 
Once we were seated our server arrived and took our drink orders. We looked over the menu and we were pleased to see that it was diverse.  Just when you think you have seen the same ole, same ole they put their own spin on each dish. Right away my husband noticed the price of the food items. Don't get me wrong, he was pleased. My DH had the Pulled Jerk Chicken Hash, my son had the Garlic-Parmesan Chicken Bites with regular fries, and I had the Jerk'd Chicken Enchilada. Each item ordered was off of their Brunch Menu. Each dish was great! My enchilada was incredible but the jerk'd chicken was scanty. The beans and rice that were served on the side were just, "ok". They needed a little somin', somin'. The queso blanco that was served with the enchilada was OMG good so that made up for the lack of jerk'd chicken.  My husband and son both enjoyed their food as well.  Portion size = perfect.  We did not order one of the specialty drinks but they all looked great. We were too full for dessert which was a good thing. 
Location is great in that they sit right in between the WWII Museum and the Children's Museum. There are two parking areas nearby, one right across the street! The vibe of the restaurant is casual, cool and a bit funky. It is loud, in a good way. Decor is different and predictable givin the name but a nice change from other locations downtown. One thing they should do is bring the feel of the lower section to the upper section. You've got this bright and vibrant vibe on the lower level and outside, but the upper level makes you feel like you've walked into a po-boy shop. The Flamingo-a-Go-Go gives you a little something different. Overall, great lunch/brunch experience and we will be returning. Can't wait to try one of their great looking frozen drinks.Stopped here to pickup a couple of drinks on a very hot day!  It was lively with customers.  Food that we saw pass by looked yummy so we will have to come back and dine here.  Frozen drinks hit the mark!Overall good experience not a lot of vegan or vegetarian options but the bottomless mimosas and Rose was a plus. Wait staff and hostess can use a little more customer service training on learning how to interact with with big groups of peopleExcellent. Atmosphere is colorful. You'll see the flamingos painted on the outside wall and know you arrived. You would not guess place just opened December 1! We had the soups; crawfish and the French onion. Both yummy. Shrimp a go go and shrimp and grits were equally delicious. The best surprise was the 25% military discount.Flamingo A-Go-Go is SO CUTE! But the excitement stops there. We came here for a pretty large birthday party so we definitely understood that there would be a longer wait. No worries! However we waited to be seated, we waited to be re-seated, we waited for mimosas over and over again, and by the time our food came, we had been waiting 45 minutes. When the food got to us it was lackluster as well. The chicken and waffles were bland/dry and the eggs benedict was topped with a hard-boiled egg (gross). Overall we had a blast, but it's definitely one of those places that survives by being cute and outdoors. Improve your menu and we'll definitely be back!Aireon our server was the most sad part of our experience.  If she is having an off day ok.  But,  ,,  no problem is a horrible response.  How about, a smile, and super weird a thank you... GEEZUS... no server should ever say no problem.. you suck if you say no problem... 
Food great. 5 star,, atmosphere  star...5 
Brian is great because sad Aireon needed to cash us out... sister.. fake it until you make it.   Your attitude sucks.Love this place! Atmosphere is great. Staff was friendly and the food was absolutely delicious! If you ever make it to this place try the Jamaican Chicken Jerk with collard greens - extremely juicy! They also have cool funky drinks. I had a delicious Frozé, refreshing. 5 starsThis place looks good and has the potential to be great our experience fell short. The food was ok at best. The waitress was totaly incompetent. Serving the tables around us but always forgetting oyr orders. And she did not have a lot of tables. We got the manager to complain and he offered nothing to compensate our bad experience. If you get the Asian girl rhat looks like she just out of bed 3 minutes prior to work, run. This place was several other bars and restaurants before. I'd wait for it to change again before going back. This is definitely not a New Orleans place.The staff was slow but very friendly. Frozee's all day, the best drink for the best price. Big portions on most of the food. Don't forget to tip. Chips and queso are the app of choice at this place. We also had the red fish, it was outstanding.This place amazing. Some friends and I stopped by there for lunch today and let me tell ya the food was perfect. We started off with their blue crab claws appetizer YUM!!!  I had the BBQ salmon and it was probably some of the best I've ever eaten.   My buddies and penned pork chops and the chicken fried chicken. The chops were cooked to perfection and MOIST!!! The chicken well bring your appetite cause it could easily be a dinner for 2. I wouldn't recommend it for lunch unless you plan on doing nothing at work the rest of the day. I washed it all down with a house made bushwacker, as a bartender this is one of my favorite drinks and they did it justice, most places that have these pre-made in tourist cities taste like milk shakes this one def did not. It was full of flavor and could still taste the alcohol. Dessert was almost to much but they insisted so we had the key-lime pie which could give Key West's Key Lime Pie Company a run for its money. 
The decor was cool and the outside patio complete with an old military deuce and a half converted into a a party table will become one of my favorite hangouts in the cooler months. 
Long story short.. GO EAT HERE!!!!!Second visit was even better. Great food, great service and great place to hang. 
Our favorite new place which opened just yesterday. The outdoor seating is out of this world. The attention to details from the tables to the chairs the palm trees, overall the atmosphere is just special. 
The food was just amazing. You must"Wide Variety of Fun, Food & Drinks "
We visited the Flamingo A-Go-Go in New Orleans  a few weeks ago when we were on our mighty Mississippi Cruise. Flamingo A-Go-Go was a  very interesting place, with very good tasting food and drinks. They have an outside and inside seating areas with cabanas, games, Army trucks, etc. You will not be bored here. We had a Shrimp Po Boy sandwich and a Parmesan Chicken Appetizer which was very good. If you are going to New Orleans this would be a great place to go for some Fun.Super fun, funky decor and ambiance. The staff was great, food was good, but don't get the avocado toast. Go for a burger, breakfast sandwich, or the gritsBar food and cocktails in a nice patio. TVs everywhere, so kinda a tropical of a sports bar. We had the shrimp go-go, was ok. I had the burger medium well, it came pink in the middle. Fries are good, service slow, but friendly. It's a perfect place to go before Saints games. Definitely not a "New Orleans" restaurant.I had heard nothing but great things about this restaurant and finally decided to give it a try ! Came here for an early dinner on a Saturday. I had made reservations just in case the crowd was crazy. The hostess was nice, seated us promptly. Restaurant overall is very nice, they gave us the option of inside or outside. If the weather was nice I would have loved to sit outside, but we opted for an indoor table. We literally waited about 10 minutes until our waiter decided to show his face. The worst part of it all was that we were surrounded by a whole bunch of them . I was already annoyed with their customer service when the waiter arrived. I had a few questions about drinks and he answered them honestly which was nice, I went with some spicy pineapple drink. He said it kind of had some kick to it, and then as an appetizer we chose the Go Go bites. When my drink came out I was so disappointed. There was absolutely no flavor. It almost felt as if it was watered down . The appetizer was really good actually , it was a panko breaded ball filled with bacon,cheese,peppers and this amazing dipping sauce. For entrees we got the jamaican jerk half chicken and the smoked gouda corn grits and shrimp. The chicken did NOT taste anything like jerk chicken. You are better off going to the grocery to buy a rotisserie chicken. It lacked flavor.  For the corn grits and shrimp, the shrimp were amazing. The grits were so gross. They really need to stop putting that cheese in the grits. It seriously made the grits smell like garbage I could not even eat the grits. DONT ORDER or you will be sorry. Overall I would not mind coming back for brunch because of their drink specials...sad I know. I just think it is too overpriced for the food that they are selling. There are too many good restaurants in New Orleans for you to even bother coming hereWent to Flamingo a-go-go last night for their happy hour.  It's a cute space and I love that I can smoke in their courtyard area.  The food was good.  My bf got the shrimp and grits and I got the pork chops.  The grits were the best I've ever had but the shrimp were small. The pork chops were good but a little greasy. We also got the crab claw appetizer and that was not very good, definitely not worth $11.  
So why am I only giving 3 stars?  Well, the drinks.  This is supposed to be a kind of tiki bar, right?  It should have good drinks.   Ours were watery and bland.  
Also, this is just a personal preference but the service was a little over the top.  It made me feel like I was eating at a chain restaurant where they want the servers to act like they're trying to be your best friend.Food was tasty but nothing special. Service was terrible, he took 10 minutes to show up to the table then argued with us when he messed up our drink order.  Never came to collect check. Won't come back.Came in to celebrate my birthday; it was a great atmosphere, amazing servers and food was delicious.I wanted to really enjoy my experience. I picked the restaurant from yelp for my group of friends that were coming in from out of town. We all had late flights in and this establishment was one of the few in the vicinity of our hotel with late hours (with dinner). We found out that there was a reduced menu after a certain hour with bar food that was "ok". The nachos were good. The outside patio is nice, the food was ok.This place is fantastic / the atmosphere is great (Sit in the Outside area) !!!!!!
The Fire type Heaters they had going- Beautiful.. (I want to buy one now for my patio)
The Crawfish Boil Soup & Onion Soup / Delicious....
Got the Cuban Sandwich / Delicious 
Service- the Best
Prices- will not break the Bank
Highly recommend- we will definitely returnI've come here for cocktails multiple times, and will definitely be going again. The bartender, Aidan, had an extensive knowledge of the menu and helped me find/create a drink catered to my palette. He was quick and attentive, even when the bar was full...truly a full service bartender! 10/10 would recommend, after my experiences!Had Desiree, She's awesome! The food was great and the atmosphere was perfect. My wife and I love this place.Stopped in on the fly because we saw the huge tv projected on the side of the building. We weren't sure what to order, and Kevin was so gracious to give all the best recommendations. He even accommodated us when we got too cold, and moved us closer to a heater. Food was great and drinks were cheap! Def stop by if you're in the area.Love flamingo a go go and their happy hour deals. Such a cute big patio area in the CBD. Will be back. Their drinks are awesomeeee. Ask for Kevin!Yummy food and drinks. Fun place to eat and chitchat. The art is fun to take pics in front of lol.Went here for the 1st time a few months after they opened. It's fresh and new and I haven't had anything bad from the menu. The drinks are really good and the prices are reasonable. There is nothing bad I can say about this place!Ate there for the first time last night and ordered the grilled redfish. Fish was fresh and cooked just right. I passed on the butter sauce. The sides were outstanding. The rice is actually a light approach to dirty rice, not overwhelming, but delicious. I don't know what they did to the collards, but I could have eaten a quart. I avoid greens in restaurants because they are so often overwhelmed by some greasy pork. Not these. 
I thought the prices were good for the quality and freshness of the food. My dinner companions had jerk burgers with sweet potato and regular fries. The burgers looked really good and the fries weren't greasy. 
Chris took great care of us. When we return, I'll ask for him if he's working.This is a tourist paradise... complete garbage.   Cocktails on tap??      When nola is all about the drink??    Thats gross....I got the "shrimp n grits".  If you like tiny frozen shrimp from Winn Dixie with some generic quaker grits,  then this is place for you.... oh and if you want some "eggs benedict". Then you getting some frozen sour Canadian bacon slices on frozen english muffins with no love,  then please enjoy.   This place is blasphemous to New Orleans and i cant believe its a real thing.Our annual family reunion is being held in NOLA this year so we needed to find a place that would accommodate 25 adults and 4 children under the age of 5. My sister made a reservation which I was happy to hear they could accommodate that many people and allowed us to reserve an area. We arrived and were told we couldn't be seated until everyone showed up but in reality it was because our table and area had not been set up yet. So after a few times talking with the manager, our table was set up and we were seated. We had ONE server for the entire table. She did the best she could and my goodness I felt extremely bad for her trying to take care of that many people! Waiting on 25 adults and 4 children by yourself is probably a servers nightmare! Our drinks came as fast as they could and I ended up just going to the bar to order more because our waitress was just overwhelmed. The food came out fast and everyone was please. No one's order was wrong and everyone's ticket was correct when they received their bill. So I'll take the good with the very small inconvenience of our table not being ready when we arrived and the fact that my heart just broke for this one server to work our event by herself and recommend Flamingo A Go Go for a group event. Call ahead and make your reservation and request having more than one server working your event. I am pleased that everyone in our group had a delicious meal that came out on time and was accurate from taking the order to delivering the check.This is definitely the most bang for your buck brunch around. $10 bottomless mimosas/rosé literally can't be beat. There is a wide variety of food that is pretty good, and very reasonably priced. There's a a good mix of more breakfasty brunch foods and lunchier options too. The atmosphere is super cute inside and outside, but I would recommend sitting on the patio. When I went on a Sunday with no reservation, I was still seated within ten minutes. However when I returned on a Saturday with a reservation, it seemed like several groups without reservations had a much longer wait time. There's no way I would call this a must do if you're visiting New Orleans, but if you live here and want to go to bottomless brunch and get some cute pictures with your gal pals for under $30 it's a great option.Place was good. Moderately priced.  Nice selection.  Staff was great. I would come back n recommendMore like Flamingo-a-no-no
Waited 20 min for our waitress to take a drink order and another 10 to get them. 3 waters a Bushwacker. 
Waitress never checked on us. Took our order wrong but ok... but food was simply avg at best. Manager removed one of our entrees (dry chicken  and burnt waffles... mmmmmm) after he asked how was our experience.Really fun place!  Attentive, friendly staff.  Delicious food. Will be back for sure!Holy hell- you have to order the fried havarti- and the queso. They are absolutely amazing. I ordered the rice and beans. It was a large meal- simple, but just what I wanted. My boyfriend got the Fried Shrimp which had delicious fries. He also ordered the Prickly
pear which was very good - sweeter than I expected, but, Nice!Great service, and the patio is very dog-friendly, which is great. The poke bowl I ordered was delicious and the place has a really nice ambianceFood is ok, but not as good as most of the Nola food. Our waitress disappeared after she brought the beverage to the table. We waited at least 40min nobody ever stopped by and checked. I end up asked another girl to serve us.I always come here when I want some late-night drinks in a cool place! I love the funky atmosphere! The Jamaican Jerk burger is one-of-a-kind. You gotta try it!My husband and I were excited about trying this place, but were very disappointed! We went on a Thursday night. The hostess greeted us and I asked her if we could sit outside. She informed us that outside was full. I told her we would wait if we had to. She then asked hlus to follow her. Lo and behold there was plenty of outside seating! The courtyard was very nice, fun, amd funky! Our waitress was very nice and took quite a while to return to our table to take our order. We ordered a Poke bowl and queso Blanco as appetizers. We also ordered a margarita and the "really good advice drink". 20 minutes later, we had our drinks. Both of our drinks were very sweet and tasted like sugar water. About 30-40 minutes later we received the wrong appetizer (smoked salmon dip). I informed the young man that we had not ordered that. He left, and a few minutes later, returned, and left it on our table. When our waitress returned about 15 minutes later, after calling for her, we informed her that we were brought the wrong appetizer. She apologized and explained she that there was some confusion about the table numbers and that she had placed the wrong order. At that point, my husband and I ordered the redfish platter that came with dirty rice and collard greens. We were going to split it. 30 minutes later, no food. Our waitress brought us some empty plates and told us that our food would be coming out in a few minutes. Meanwhile, my husband ordered a Bushwhacker being that there aren't many local places that sell this drink. 20 minutes later, our waitress returned with our entree and Bushwhacker. The Bushwhacker was very sweet. Our entree: fish was slightly dry, not well seasoned, the dirty rice was so so, and the collards tasted like they came put of a can.  O, and we never received our queso appetizer. I felt that the quality of food was not good. I felt that I could cook better than the food we received. As soon as we saw our waitress, we flagged her down for the bill, paid it and left.Great people, and great service...but the food was just okay. Solid 3.5/5. I guess after hearing how great this place was and expecting the NOLA standard of "blow your mind and tastebuds away" I was slightly let down. I was a little surprised- in the area where the chefs work the butts off, The hummus tasted like it was from a grocery store... :(.   Maybe it's the humidity, but the waffles were soggy and the bread for my shrimp po'boy was stale.  BUT it wasn't too bad because the bottomless mimosa was not too bad! So there's that!   Seems more like a local hangout for Sunday-Funday... liked the bright decor... they could use some foam insulation on the ceiling to soak up the sound a little -- it's *really* loud. 
Overall good place to meet for brunch, decent menu and totally kid friendly.  If they could step up their food game just a smidge, this place would be jam packed and off the charts!!Came of afternoon drinks one Sunday afternoon. 
We sat outside it was a little warm..lol
However we had to practically beg for service. 
They did have an outside bar but no servers. And let me just say if it had been a busy afternoon I would have understood. However we were one of two groups out there. 
Finally I found someone to take our food order but it should have not been that way. 
Cute place though and try the Froze!Terrible service terrible food. Took twenty minutes after being seated for a server to acknowledge our table. Came by and took drinks, appetizer, and entree order at one time. Part of my entree came out before drinks and appetizer. Food was terrible including the chips and queso which tasted like Tostitos. Waitress dropped check off within 5 minutes of the entrees coming out and attempted to pick up check before we were finished eating. Never was asked if we needed anything else and never got a refill on water and never cracked a smile. Spent $57 and I'm still starving because the food was SO Bad. Save your time and money.Thanks for noticing us at the bar, Randall. Pretty cool patio and the shrimp appetizer was good!Tasty and well presented food. Staff is supper nice and attentive. Not your usual Nola fare. Nachos appetizer was different than most, very generous portion and delicious! Fennel asparagus salad withBronzed shrimp was excellent as was the Acapulco chicken sandwich. The double chocolate mousse torte was very rich and definitely shareable! Steven was awesome!I came here today for lunch with 2 coworkers.  One worker and myself ordered the Acapulco Chicken sandwich.  Perfectly grilled chicken  and not dry with avocado and aiolo on toasted brioche bun.  Oh my goodness that bread!!  Divine!  Absolutely delicious.  It came with a garlic fries.  Incredible tasty fries.  My other co worker got the BBQ pork chop poboy with collard greens and onion rings.  She ate every last bit.  Everyone was so sweet and very friendly!  Separate checks was not a problem either. Will be back very soon!Dope place the outside area is very nice and also where else can you get bottomless mimosas for $10??? Good, classic food and good drinks. And Chris our server was great!Orean (probably butchered that spelling) the hostess, and all the other hostesses this evening really made me laugh and made my night. The bartenders were great too! Also met the manager. The staff really makes the place. Hats off Creole cuisines. Food and drinks (sidecar) were also perfection.Unbelievable customer service. Made up for the rain by far. Christy didn't have the power to control the rain this visit but she made sure we were taken care of and the experience was above amazing! Love the staff!UPDATE: Went back to give it another try, and it was worse. Our server was in a horrible mood and it was apparent. We then tried a flatbread and burger and sat outside. Flatbread was cold and gross. Hamburger was flavorless and almost an inconvenience to have at our table. Everything seemed microwaved. WILL NOT be back again. 
 Wasn't the worst decision my boyfriend and I could have made on our one night out together. After waiting 15 minutes to even be acknowledged by our server, Alexis, we were ready to put in our entire order. Fried Havarti cheese came out first. Yes, first. Before any water or cocktails. The rest of the food was ehh, but the service was just lacking, which was a shame. Probably won't be back.Went for Sunday brunch.  Food was good. Atmosphere was nice.  Service was bad and the restaurant was not very crowded. Had to ask for water multiple times prior to getting it.  It appeared that better training was needed for all overall.  
They also acted like you needed a reservation for an empty restaurant.  They need to stop that practice.  Just have enough staff to cover all of the tables.Flamingo A Slow Slow. Takes server forever to even ask for your drink. Avoid the hype.Finally went! Super cute, really great for groups. Plenty of space for groups of 15 or larger. I did not eat, so I can not tell you about that. But I did drink, they were good and affordable.I had the Smoked Gouda Grits and Shrimp. It was awesomely rich and flavorful. I'd go back if there wasn't so much more to try here. Great atmosphere and was very accommodating for kids.I ate here on December 12, 2018. My first and last time!!  I was beyond disappointed in the food! Our whole table had an order of nachos as an appetizer to share -- our first mistake. They tasted bad, but neither of us could put our finger on the taste. Overall a bad taste.  I ordered fried shrimp and onion rings, which was honestly fine, but not the best. Although the cocktail and tarter sauce was super strong, almost like a sour pungent taste. One of the ladies got the French onion soup and it tasted like warmed up gravy out a can. And the other lady I was with got shrimp and grits and it was also disgusting! We each only took a couple bites of our food and was done with it because it was so horrible. To finish it off, I ordered a margarita. Should not have don't that either, it tasted freezer burnt. I also felt like I paid way too much for such a horrible experience. Also.. our waiter came to check on us maybe 3 times over the hour and a half we were there. Horrible service as well!!Great service from our server Chris and fun atmosphere! We went for drinks before a Pels game and had a great time.This is not a New Orleans restaurant.
I say that not as a condemnation, but simply as a statement. I fear that given its location, tourists may venture in, looking for a legendary New Orleans meal. This is not the place. This restaurant could be anywhere, USA. But, with decent food, reasonable prices, and endless drink options, it's worth a visit.
I visited one Sunday morning during the brunch hour, looking for something quick to eat and a good drink. Even at noon (prime brunching hour) there was no wait, the seating is much more expansive than it looks. Our table service was unremarkable, the waiters were..just okay. The food again, was just okay. A grade above heat and eat fare you might find at a chain restaurant but nowhere near the caliber of brunch New Orleans is capable of. The drinks were decent and reasonably priced - $10 bottomless mimosas that are mostly champagne and not mostly orange juice are hard to find.
Overall, Flamingo A-Go-Go was truly a three-star experience. Not a complete flop, but not exceptional either. If you are looking for a quick meal in a cute resturant for a good price, this it is.This place is terrible. Went after French quarter festival and was nice outside so requested patio seating. Inside area had one table. Outside had maybe 7. Once we sat and looked at the menus we knew we should've walked out then. But we had the baby and it was n our way home so we stayed. Ordering drinks was fine. Problem was the food. It's all frozen. Nachos are the stuff that a child could prepare. Store bought chips and queso. With some warmed ground meat on top. Appetizer chicken bites couldn't have been more than Tyson frozen in a bag chicken pieces with shaved Parmesan and butter sauce. This was the best dish because the onion rings were absolutely from a freezer bag. It was officially a bad experience when I ordered another drink and 25 minutes later I was apologized to multiple times cause it never came. After requesting the bill I was given one (3/4 full) in a to go cup. Sorry yelpers. This place is bad. The creole cuisine group doesn't have it together. Go somewhere else. Or order delivery. Just don't go here.We had a five pm reservation but didn't get seated until 6. Then after we were seated not one single staff member acknowledged us. I has to wave someone down after sitting there unnoticed for 25 minutes. Which isn't even the worst part. I got sick from the chicken (that took two hours to get to me) about an hour later. IWe were walking past and my partner was hungry and wanted to eat. I was excited to eat here, as a bunch of friends had been here and it looked cool.
Service was great. 
Other than that well. It seems they put a lot of effort into to bar area and nothing else. The bar area was bright, pretty murals on the walls. Unfortunately overall the impression was one of a school cafeteria for the rest of the eating area.
Drinks were tasty but....I ordered a Bloody Mary and downed it b/c I was so thirsty. I don't have a great tolerance. I should have been tipsy especially since I hadn't eaten anything in hours. I felt nothing. The amount of alcohol in there had to be minuscule.
Then my food came. I had a better poke bowl at the Cheesecake Factory-no joke. If you're going to serve such a small portion maybe put it in a smaller bowl.
My partner said his sandwich was good. The fries were good and had a good sauce on them. But I don't need to go back.
Maybe the outside area makes up for the indoor? But even then. Just having drinks and not eating- what are you paying for b/c they certainly don't put any decent amount in them.