First time visiting and totally enjoyed the experience.  Come with an open stomach because everything was delicious. However,  the lamb was my favorite, wish they let you take the entire leg home. Definitely going back again and again. Well worth the price of a 2 part dining experience. 
Signed 
Lady Pork Hater.Although 5 stars is justified it's too soon. Will need a few return trips for that last star. 
First off the service was great by everyone we met. Jelic'e made our night perfect. She was very knowledgable about everything (our first visit so we had lots of questions). Jeremy was a great back up, good personality and nice young man. I advise you don't let these 2 get away. 
Now onto the carnivore fantasy. We thought the two side buffets were an evil play to fill us up. Nope, I loved the black beans, Bacon (that's right bacon) as well as the cheeses and salads. 
Then comes the medley of meat, the bounty of beef or what other moniker you want to attach. I suggest pacing yourself. 
Oh I almost forgot the "pan de quest" or as the wife calls it " gooey goodness "
Ladies, the wife suggest  FOGO PREMIUM CAIPIRINHA. Can't pronounce it at first but after a few of these you would think she was from Brazil. 
This will definitely be on our radar very soon.  
Round 2
Well we put them through their paces again. This time Michael and Tamar were on deck. Michael actually was there to help us this evening and he was great. We met Tamara and she was very nice and knowledgeable. Still trying to find the bad apple I this bunch and it's not happening. 
Kudos Fogo, food was great and service is just as good. 
Take advantage of the valet parking. 
See you guys soon.EXCELLENT food and service. I made reservations ahead of time, when I got there I was sat almost immediately. We got the COOLinary experience which was $39 per person. WORTH IT! Basically a full variety of all you can eat whenever you want. Very clean and friendly environment. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I don't really eat beef and that's what was coming out the majority of the time; they also have chicken, pork, etc. Will definitely be going back again!Jason & Drew ROCK!!!! 
Went to "Fogo" with my entire Denka Plant Shift: Total of 16 people. Since we waited for everyone in the group to arrive, several couples were waiting at the bar. Fortunately, this is when we met Jason & Drew (The Mixologists). They mixed things that looked beautiful, but TASTED GREAT!!! Also, they understand the chemistry of alcohol!!!! Big "+" in NOLA!!! The food was great, the service was nice, and Jason & Drew kept us laughing while waiting. I'm a "Local". I know what's good and not. Many times, my wife and I go to the "Fogos" in Texas. Which "Fogo" depends on her meetings and flights. But, the "NOLA Fogo" with Jason & Drew behind the bar is a treat!!!!Enjoyed some wonderful Brazilian Bites at Happy Hour. Shredded short rib sliders and spicy Brazilian Empanadas. Washed down with a nice Malbec.Consider this place if the carnivore in you needs to be heard and your budget is ~$70.00 per person. Ribeye was great as well as the the Top Sirloin. Chicken?? Forget about it. The salad bar was uninspiring. Ask for Chimmichurri Sauce and thank me later.Although 5 stars is justified it's too soon. Will need a few return trips for that last star. 
First off the service was great by everyone we met. Jelic'e made our night perfect. She was very knowledgable about everything (our first visit so we had lots of questions). Jeremy was a great back up, good personality and nice young man. I advise you don't let these 2 get away. 
Now onto the carnivore fantasy. We thought the two side buffets were an evil play to fill us up. Nope, I loved the black beans, Bacon (that's right bacon) as well as the cheeses and salads. 
Then comes the medley of meat, the bounty of beef or what other moniker you want to attach. I suggest pacing yourself. 
Oh I almost forgot the "pan de quest" or as the wife calls it " gooey goodness "
Ladies, the wife suggest  FOGO PREMIUM CAIPIRINHA. Can't pronounce it at first but after a few of these you would think she was from Brazil. 
This will definitely be on our radar very soon.Went for my boyfriend's 40th birthday, and the food and service were excellent!  We had no idea what we were getting into. We should have definitely paced ourselves, but the meat just kept coming; and we wanted to try everything.Everything you can possibly want from delicious potato salad to mouth watering sirloin and filet mignon. The service was friendly, funny, and entertaining. All smiles from the staff the whole time. The different assortment of meats was massive in the best way possibly. For $40 per person with all you can eat different cuts of meat; this is definitely worth it. I can say that i was very satisfied with my first time experience. Also, save room for the dessert! Their key-lime pie, mousse cake and molten chocolate cake and deliciousThis was our first time...service and the food was outstanding.  All the different types of meats they serve you were delicious and the strawberry  hibiscus drink was soooo good. My wife and I will definitely come back.Costly Food Not So Impressive 
Here's a place that serves a variety of salad and Brazilian style meat choices, all you care to eat for $50.00 for the full menu choices. There's a serve- yourself salad bar, average in my opinion, but the meats are delivered to your table as long as the medallion on the table is turned on the green side that lets the servers know to come to your table with the meat offerings. If you choose to try some, the server cuts a piece off for you. They continue to come with different types of meat thereafter until you turn the medallion over on the red side. As far as I'm concerned, the quality of the meat is mediocre, meaning that some of the expensive cuts appear to be less than choice grade cuts, some a bit tough to chew. This particular location is in New Orleans, has valet parking is available for $10.00, something never mention when I called to inquire about parking. Bottom line, I was not impressed and preferred the Texas Brazilian in the Baton Rouge area serving similar style buffet.We were starving when we sat down to eat at FDC, so I think they had an early advantage. Everything tastes better when you're hungry, right?! Wrong! While I wouldn't say the food was terrible, for $180 (2 ppl, including tip) it wasn't good. The salad bar was ok, but I'm not sure where it belongs in a Brazilian steakhouse. There were Italian meats, potato salad, butternut squash soup. My husband already had a few rounds of meat before our sides showed up. They were room temperature and small portions for table sides. They also delivered rolls to the table, halfway through the meal. Now the meat. When I think of Brazilian steakhouse, I think of juicy flavorful meat. We didn't get any of that. Everything was dry and flavorless. By far the worst selection, however, was the chicken wrapped in bacon. Totally gross. There are so many other places in New Orleans where I rather eat! I will say in closing that the tres leches cake was delicious. It was my first time having the dessert and I'll definitely get it again, just somewhere else.We went today for five friends July birthdays. The service was incredible, we were never once without anything we needed. The food was so good, we will definitely be back soon! Everything was seasoned really well and a good variety of food. Absolutely awesome!The best: candied black pepper BACON!
The good: the wine list has a lot of choices at reasonable markup. The lamb loin and chops, ribeye, and the house specialty are delicious. Many of the others including the filet are so well-done they're seconds from charcoal. Salad bar/marketplace bar is fresh and tasty. 
The meh: is mostly tourists and shouldn't be considered fine dining. 
The bad: brigade service, you get three people asking you if everything is OK, in rapid succession, then ten top fifteen minutes of isolation. Hope you don't expect anyone to pour your wine. A lot of the meat is nearly charcoal. 
The worst: you sirens all night waiting for the bacon wrapped filet to come by. You cut it open and it's ashen gray and dry. I've had moister jerky.Carlos and the staff were AMAZING! The service was impeccable and everyone was so nice and accommodating. We opted for a great bottle of wine to go with all of the 16 different meat selections! If you're a carnivore this the place for you... stay away from the delicious little table breads though, so you have more room for all the meat!My boyfriend and I went on Friday night and were seated in less than 5 mins. The salad bar had plenty of options and the sides (polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas) were all enough to accompany the variety of meat...after all we're there for the meat! The meats came around constantly and we were able to request specific meats that had not come around yet. Some of the flavors of the meats were really good but others could've been a bit more seasoned. The drinks (Regular caipirinha and the Passionate caipirinha) were very good. 
The only thing that affected our experience negatively was the couple sitting next to us requested to be moved to another table as they were celebrating their "anniversary" and stated that we were staring at them. Well, thanks to their rudeness, we got our dessert for free! Our servers Kiley & Fernanda were awesome...they came to us after the incident and offered the complimentary dessert and this made for an amazing experience! 
Thank you Fogo de Chao, we will be back!This is late, but I came here twice so far. One time for dinner in March and one time for lunch a few months later. Sometimes I like to dip my veggies in hummus, and tell myself I could totally live the rest of my life with just veggies. Then sometimes I eat meat, really good meat. The first time here, it was not really good meat.  I was so disappointed in the meats.  The temperatures were all wrong, and so darn chewy.  Our main server was outstanding, and she was so funny (wished I could've remembered her name)! I said I'd never return, because they didn't bring the fogo. 
Well, I came back a few months later for lunch, and I remembered something; I can't live without really good meat. I don't know if it was just me, but i felt like everyone did a much better job.  Once again, I can't remember my server's name this time, but she was also amazing (so were the carvers this time)! I figured out a little something here. 1. Order a temperature below what you really want. 2. Ask for the sauces. Chimichurri and the hot sauce made me wish I could put them on everything I eat.Very good, go hungry!! Salad bar was not an ordinary one, lots of unique items!! The MEAT is fabulous!! Service was awesome!!We went for our anniversary, and the experience wasn't worth it at all. The market bar had variety of different foods but was limited. The meats that we tried were pretty decent, and the cocktails were great. What sucked the most was the service. We looked young, so they treated us like kids. We had to ask for everything, starting from the cocktails to picking up our check. I even saw the manager and servers  go to other tables multiple times and skip over ours. It was just rude. I work in the service industry, so I get it. But that's not how you should treat people.Of course the food was incredible but the service was what truly impressed me. From the second we walked in to the minute we left (over 2 hours) every single person we interacted with was phenomenal! The gauchos and servers paid attention to the meat temperature we each preferred, what meats we liked best & our favorite cuts and tailored their service accordingly. 
Don't be in a rush! Take your time and enjoy the experience. Don't skip the lamb chop or the parmesan pork chop...they melt in your mouth.This was a great place to go and celebrate my sons birthday. The food was all very good.  The meats were seasoned and will be served to your desire temp.  The staff was extremely attentive and friendly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed the Brazilian experienceI will never go back to the disaster that is Fogo De Chao. I made reservations on Feb 15th for a 2/27 2pm reservation and they closed at 3pm - at least they did when I booked my reservation. We get there at 2:05pm. The world's bitchiest hostess does not welcome us, just says, "WE ARE CLOSED". I believe her name was Joy? - She worked the lunch shift on 2/27 so not 100% sure of her name. I smile after her unwelcomed greeting and say we have reservations. She lied and said you made them at 1:30 and we close at 2pm. I informed her that the website stated they close at 3 when I booked it, I booked at 2pm and showed her my phone with the reservation. She said we are closed. 
I asked for the manager and the world's bitchiest manager, which was Ebony, appears. She said she closed the front door at 2pm and since we were not here, she shut off the burners. I said, we got here at 2:05, every restaurant gives a 15 minute leeway. She said they don't and explained there is no food. I asked her if what she was saying is if we had walked through those doors at 2:00, you'd have food? She said yes, all the burners are turned off. I told the small minded Ebony, I understood there is limited food now that apparently yall close at 2pm (and not 3 like I initially saw) but that is IGNORANT for you to say you can't accommodate a family on their birthday, who commuted an hour to eat here, who walks in 5 min after their reservation when they were informed the restaurant closed at 3pm. 
We then asked them to validate the parking and she rudely said, they no longer validate for lunch and offered no solutions. She was completely inhospitable and lazy and should not be working with the public. Neither should the hostess. Finally, the world's smartest General Manager appears. Apologizes for everything, admitted they did change the hours (apparently in the 2 week span I booked the reservations), they also changed the parking validation because of New Orleans politics, also said he was flown in from TX FdC for a month because the people at the NOLA FdC are completely incompetent - in so many words - and to fix all their hick ups. He said he would fire up the burners for us and get more food on the salad bar. He also offered us 4 free future dinners or lunches. We said thanks, but no thanks. We didn't believe there would be 16 different cuts of FRESH meat available to us at this point, we will dine elsewhere. The first time I went here, it wasn't this disastrous, but it did fail - service was slow, meat was all bloody, and the filet mignon came around twice even though we asked everyone multiple times for the filet. This was our second attempt. FdC won't last a year especially with that horrible staff.If you like steak this is the place for you. They are quick to get you in and it is impossible to leave hungry. The service is good and you'll experience many different cuts of meats.Came down for Mardi Gras with a few fellas, food was great, service was sub-par so that decrease substantially my rating. Spoke to management and he explains short staff issues, NOT an excuse, especially during the biggest party of the year. Piss poor management on his part, mismanagement should not be an excuse. I would give them a benefit of the doubt, understandable, short staff was an issue but should never be an excuse. Next time a simple apology would suffice.Food was good, but wish the salad bar had more variety. They had butternut squash soup( I've had better). The service was great and fast. Overall a great place when in the city!Awesome bar with great service! Jason is an awesome bartender and really connects with his customers. Came here two nights in a row and the food made it that much better!Fogo De Chao should be renamed to Fogo De Cow.
It's a given that you should come here ready to eat. There's a huge variety of meats (chicken, lamb, beef, pork) and a market fresh table. The market fresh table has a variety of salads, cheeses, veggies, and smoked meats.
Everything is so incredibly delicious it is difficult to formulate an attack plan. I always tell myself if I can stomach 6 lamb chops than I've gotten my money's worth!This place is epic!  Incredible to think I've waited this long to try it.  Every type of meat they brought out was so perfectly tender and well seasoned.  Will be back very soonMy wife and I went Dec 2nd To celebrate her birthday. The service was not good at all.  We were only offered a drink menu. The waiter never offered any appetizers nor food menu. The waiters knew it was our first time there. It took a great deal of time to bring out the bottle of wine we order. The people serving the meat rarely came to our table, although our green card was up. It was clear as day that all of the other tables were constantly being served. I had to ask for meat to be served at our table. I had to ask for clean plates. I had to ask for the meat again, although we have new plates on our table and our cards were turn on green. Then I was asked, "what kind of meat I would like?" I was never informed of the various kind.  When I did ask, it took some time for the bacon to come out. The entire staff, especially the first to introduce himself tried to avoid eye contact with us whole time and walk fast when passing our table. .. when at a distances, they would stare and whisper. Towards the end, when we ask for the check book that's when people came to our table. It was an awful experience. I have been to other Brazilian steakhouses. I was told great things about this establishment, too bad I didn't experience one. The food was ok, but I had such a disgust taste in my mouth due to the services and staring.Excellent! The service and setting were wonderful. However, just to add to the experience it would have been nice to have light Brazilian music playing in background, and maybe a server walking around offering cigars out of a box (just as they do with tea). $50 per person gets you the salad buffet and the meats; there were around 11 types of meat.We booked a table for for on Open Table and we're seated right away. Hubby and I always enjoy a good Brazilian steakhouse, and Fogo has never once let us down. The candied bacon, thick shaved Parmesan, Brazilian cheese bread, and roasted bananas are some of my favorite things. 
I enjoyed the delicious meats, hospitable service, and upscale dining experience. Not a local place, but an established restaurant that steps up to the plate and hits a home run each and every time.I've been to a few Brazilian steak houses between the U.S. and Canada, but Fogo is hands down the best around.  The wait staff and manager checked on us so many times that we felt like VIP'S.  The food was all top notch and the meats were brought around very frequently.  The only thing that could have been better was the price, but if you want quality, then you have to pay for it!Stay away, stay FAR away!  We hail from Chicago and comparatively speaking, this restaurant is doing such a disservice to NOLA and the FDC chain.  Let me preface this review by saying that we are foodies and have a higher than normal expectation when it comes to service, atmosphere and food, especially when paying $50.  I have visited other Brazilian steakhouses of similar concept (Brazaza's, Texas de Brazil) this FDC does not even enter the same universe.  You would be better off spending your $150 at a locally owned restaurant.  Never again...never!
Service: Awkward, absent and awful.  Service started off with promise but quickly turned into an experience you would expect from a dive bar with only one person working the floor.  We were never checked on, once.  We had plates piling up on our table from the salad bar only to be cleared by a someone who asked if we were done with each item on the table all 8 of them...annoying.  Table side appetizers (banana's, yucca fries and mash) were never refreshed as they should have been.  It took 25 minutes from time I asked for the check until we were able to leave.
Cleanliness and atmosphere:  What a disappointment.  Each time going to the salad bar, I had to rummage through 5+ plates before I could find one with no food residue or grit on them (top and bottom of plate).  The single wine glass on our table had a black piece of food residue on it, but there was never an opportunity to send it back!  Our table?  Number 70 something, maybe 75 was so wobbly loose I couldn't rest my hands on it - what he hell?  For $50 a plate I expected so much more.
Food: Complete and utter miss.  I understand this location is brand new but cooking meat is what you're known for!  The garlic beef, even though he asked what temp you wanted, all that was on the skewer was well done dry and disgusting garbage.  The lamb?  Blue, ice cold in the middle, inedible waste of life.  Sausages so dry and over cooked they could not be enjoyed.  Top sirloin was dry and again inedible.  It almost seemed like they didn't give the meat time to rest before serving.  As they cut the meat at the table juice was pouring out often splattering on the table and our clothes, what a juvenile move and so disappointing.  Bacon wrapped filet was a very cheap cut, stringy, gristly, inedible.  The mash served table side was cold, dry, inedible.  As you cut through it with the spoon, it broke off in pieces!  The salad bar was also way below par when compared to other restaurants in the same concept.  
We both left hungry and disgusted.  Ruined our night.Left me flat. Tried it once before and swore I wouldn't return but I did. Decent salad bar selection with 5 or 6 cheeses and lots of quality tidbits but needed better signage. It did not pop. Lamb was bad, mashed potatoes needed salt and shaker at table was empty. Bananas were super. Hostess was great! Waitstaff seemed nervous and lacked confidence. Overall bad trade for 50$. I could have done better. Setting was pretty but it failed to win me over againSo upset that I had such a bad experience at Fogo de Chao the other day. The restaurant was empty, yet my boyfriend and I were seated next to two men who stared and talked about us in a foreign language until we asked the manager to please re seat us.
Our new table was even noisier, and right by the bar where I could hear the waitress behind me, on her phone with her boyfriend telling him how much she couldn't wait to see him that night.  
The food was good but not cheap. Not worth the 50$/meal. The servers lacked proper management and the ambiance was unacceptable for such a nice restaurant. We didn't see our waitress the entire dinner, and the ever-present feeling of management watching/ talking about us forced us to end our dinner early and leave. 
I will never eat here again. There are a lot of better options in this city and I would not recommend spending your money Fugo de Chao.This time will be the third I dined in the restaurant, but before was in Vegas and now it's in New Orleans! The food quality was good but not as great as in Vegas, but the service is definitely way better than the one in Vegas! The floor manager was super nice, she made sure everything taking care of, my boyfriend accidentally knocked over the wine and she gave us extra one. Overall the experience is very pleasant.We received a free lunch or dinner for dining on Valentines Day so this was our second visit to Fogo De Chao.. The first experience was awesome and the second visit was even better. The food was hot and fresh and seasoned to perfection. Those cheese biscuits and black beans and rice soup taste super delicious. All of the staff were very attentive and eager to help. This time the kitchen manager Ebony came out to see if the guests were enjoying their food and even waited on us if we needed something. We will definitely be back...Péssima experiência!!! Buffet de saladas muito ruim. Garçons despreparados, fazem sempre o mesmo trajeto, ou seja, se sua mesa estiver mais ao canto a carne não chegará nunca. Carne nada saborosa. Totalmente desaprovado!!!Oh Fogo! You are the only chain restaurant that New Orleaneans will come to love. New Orleaneans tend to avoid chains, but I'm telling all of you. Do not skip over this place. 
I went with my boyfriend for an early Valentine's celebration. First off, the place is huge. But, don't let that intimidate you because the service and food do not fall short due to the amount of volume that they do. The salad bar is probably my favorite part. The bar is incredibly fresh and has EVERYTHING! I love Brazilian steakhouses because you get to try a variety of meats, and when I tell you, every cut was amazing. EVERY CUT WAS AMAZING. I even tried different temps of each cut that I tried and all of them tasted delicious. 
The staff from the host stand to the GM was friendly, engaging, and incredibly knowledgable about their food, concept and history. Lyn was a true gem and David, the GM made my boyfriend and I feel like celebrities. I forgot our server's name but she was adorable and energetic. 
I will be back many many times. Ted made a great decision on bringing Fogo to NOLA.The first time I went here I was blown away by the whole idea of non-stop meat. Well this time I took three newbies with me and they were amazed - one being my 11 year old.  The service here is A+++. Everyone wascourteous, friendly and helpful. Our main wait person was the best. She really knew how to cater to all of us - including the 11 year old. Everything from the Market Table & Feijoada Bar, endless meats and dessert were delicious. In the words of my kid - AMAZING!  We'll definitely be back!I was at New Orleans for a conference and made a couple of new friends and we all went there to chill. Lucky for us, it was Happy hour. We started with complimentary cheese breads. They were little bites of deliciousness. They kept refilling them and we weren't ashamed to ask for more. They were so so good.
This is a fancy place. And the cocktails are GOOD! They are $14 generally but at Happy hour they are $8. Try their baked pineapple old-fashioned- they will be the best thing you have tasted. The whiskey goes down smooth and the subtle hints of pineapple just compliment beautifully. We also tried their strawberry Caipirinha and the passion fruit Caipirinha. Delicious, packed with fruit, not doused with syrup- AMAZING!
Definitely worth a visit!!Decided to try this place for lunch in lieu of driving to Texas de Brazil in Baton Rouge. I had a $25 off discount and the final bill for 2 was still like 70 bucks. Definitely not worth that price. Some of the cuts of meat were good but most of them were a bit bland. The salad area left much to be desired..there were no labels to indicate what you would be eating..good thing I'm adventurous and not allergic to anything. I got the impression they r trying so much not to be like the competition that they missed the mark a bit. On a brighter note, the fried polenta and cheese biscuits were great!The restaurant is very clean and attractive. The salad  bar was excellent. The service was outstanding, I can not speak enough about the service. The meat they bring to your table is flavorful but I did find the chicken and some beef on the dry side.Food and a service was outstanding!  I took my 13 year old son who loved everything item served. The entire staff was friendly and the service was exceptional. Hats of the the manger who was on the floor and visiting every table. Very pleasant, supporting the staff by helping take care of the guests. (did not catch her name)Sunday 15th around 4:30pAttentive servers, the salad bar had great variety and everything was super fresh, and all of the meat was steaming hot, perfectly cooked and packed with flavor! Not to mention our desserts, we chose the creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse cake. They were both out of this world!!!Some buddies and I were pumped about Fogo coming to the Big Easy.  So we booked a table for 6 on a Friday night and did a guys night.  
We had a reservation for 7pm, but it took Fogo a while before the table was ready.  The place wasn't packed by any stretch, but they said they were thin on wait staff...or whatever.  This was disappointing.  I've eaten out before.  I get it.  Not everyone gets seated exactly at 7pm for a 7 resi, but this was more like 7:30 or 7:40.  Too long to wait for all you can eat steak.
Then, we were seated in the back of the restaurant on the 2nd floor.  I do not think there was a worst table in the house, unless there is one inside of the men's bathroom.  There were so many available tables, and they put us in the back corner.  Whatever.  We were determined to make the best of this night.  Our servers were really nice and the gauchos were doing their best, but our service was subpar.  They kept throwing the less desirable cuts at us.  Yeah right Fogo.  I didn't come to dinner for pork sausage.  We continually asked any gaucho or waitress in the vicinity to send us our requested pieces of meat.  It was kind of a battle.  And I think the table position put us in a blind spot of the staff or something.  
In the end, we had our fill.  It took a while, but eventually, we all left stuffed.  Frankly, we weren't going to be denied.  We had been looking forward to steakfest for weeks.  Me and my buddies have been to plenty of Brazilian steak houses including some other Fogo's.  We thought this was quite a weak showing.  I hope to repeat Fogo de Chao.  I want them to be better next time.After learning my flight to Boston was cancelled until the next morning and that every hotel in the area was completely booked, Jason at Bar Fogo helped me forget my sorrows. After a great glass of wine, charcuterie board, and fantastic accoutrements on the house, my worries had melted away. All around wonderful staff, ambience, and food!!!My friends took me here for my birthday dinner. Everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming. 
The salad bar was very clean and had many choices. There was a good variety of greens and cheeses. The chicken salad and baked salmon were really good. The meats came around in a timely manner. There were steaks, porks, chicken and lamb choices. My favorite was the medium rare ribeye. So tender and juicy. Sauces are available, so ask!
A server said that she'll take care of the tres leches I ordered since it was my birthday which was really kind. The cake was a bit dry. The flan we ordered was too dense for my liking.
Great place if you're feeling fancy.We go to fogo in Houston, Texas frequently. On a trip to New Orleans, we decided to go to this fogo. Took us a long time to get served, and the place was not busy. We asked for beef ribs 6 Times, and it took about 25 minutes to receive. We really like fogo, but a little disappointed at our experience at this particular one.4 of us were in town for a convention and wanted some good meat like some steaks. The usuals like Mortons and Ruth's Chris are there, but we started walking to see what else was around.  I'm glad we chanced upon Fogo De Chao.  Plenty of fruits and veggies at the central station but I was completely happy with the smoked salmon and some cured sausages and hard cheeses to start with.  Then I moved on to so more smoked salmon(grin).
With our convention in town, it was busy.  I would suggest reservations.  The staff was excellent and always attentive without being in our faces. The female manager that was on duty was to be seen everywhere and clearly had trained the staff very well as it was a well oiled machine where staff moved about with purpose and the self serve areas were always stocked and clean and neat and the meat servers were always available with new and varied grilled offerings.  Even though the waitstaff were doing a lot and doing it quickly, the atmosphere was calm.
The meats were overall good and unless you simply do not like grilled meat then they will certainly come up with something that you'll like. I like salty, but certain meats did come out too salty.  But since it's just a little slice, just move on.  No big deal. The melt in your mouth grilled ribs were Unbelievably Good.
The friendly and professional manager stopped by numerous times and happily swapped out fresh dishes for us, ordered up drinks, answered our drink suggestions and was great.  She was hands on to running the place and she said that's what all staff people are trained to do; take care of something if it needs tending to.
Its not perfect place.  I'm sure you could nit pick it. I think it's a perfectly great experience at a ridiculously good value and we all had a great time and could not fault the service one bit.  The food, atmosphere and service combined into a really nice relaxing but fun business casual dinner.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.I do not eat a lot of  red meat but sometimes I crave a great steak (has to be a good one). I was in town for the weekend visiting and decided to try the lunch. The meats were delicious. I enjoyed it. The cheese bread that I heard so much about was just okay to me and the buffet (veggies, fruits, salads etc) had a few things that were pretty good. All an all it wasn't what I expected but  I would return. I did the review just to post about a particular server, Jonathan. He was a pleasure. Things that the waitress said they didn't have (straws that were already wrapped in paper) he brought and was especially attentive. He made a decent experience much more pleasurable. Also, IDK who the girl is with the gold/ blonde braids was but she brought me a straw with her bare hands and put it in my water. Ma'am?!?!?! Who does that? LOL I almost died (OCD)! Anyhoo, the food was good but my expectations were a little  more.Date night with the boyfriend. Chose this place mostly because he had never been and it had been a few years since I had been. Also they were having a dinner special for Coolinary month in Nola. It was very crowded since it was Friday night and also the last night of the Coolinary special. First impression was bomb tho since we were seated within seconds of arriving since we had a reservation. The server was prompt and made a good drink suggestions. We took her advice and we both had one of the signature caipirinhas which were so good. Light and refreshing but still gave me a nice buzz. The food was good. I enjoyed the selections at the salad bar area. The carved meats were mostly enjoyable even though some of them could have had a little more seasoning. I like the carvers that took a little more time to explain the type of meat they were offering- a few of them did not. We both had dessert. I had the chocolate mousse cake and the BF had cheesecake. I actually liked my dessert more than the meats. I really like the concept of this restaurant so I had a good time overall. I'm curious about their breakfast/brunch so I'm sure at some point we will be back to try it. The atmosphere is really nice, perfect for a date. And valet is only $10 which is nice.Sucks! Used to be better. Full of bureaucracy just to get a table, when the restaurant is practically empty. Very hard to order a proper rare cut of steak. Service must improve along with product quality.If you are a carnivore lover, this is a must to visit and experience!
Pros: Valet Parking in the front of the Restaurant (in front of JW Marriott), Hostess asks what section you would like to dine in which I really loved that they did that, several varieties of gourmet meats being served constantly at your own pace, different artisian cheeses and other salad bar options. The smoked salmon was amazing, along with the fresh fruit options. The best was the bacon! 
The service team was great. I had a trainer, as the head server, named Ron, he was nice. He surely knew how to up sell cocktails and other items such as desert and bottles of wine. Also, sign up for the e-mails on your birthday they send you $25.00 to use in your birthday month!
Cons: It was my birthday and my parents thought that the service team would at least do something little to celebrate my birthday, but no one did anything. Our server, Ron, was a bit loud and outspoken at times. He was training a fairly new server and as my table was finishing up our dining experience he began busting our table when we were just sitting back relaxing not finished eating. He told the server who was training to place all the plates on her tray and head back to the kitchen to empty and she seemed very overwhelmed with the amount of dishes on her tray, he continued to badger her that she could "do it and stop whining". My family did not enjoy that at all, considering I work in the hospitality industry and as a former server, you should not overload yourself if you are not comfortable in my opinion. He also took the empty bottle of wine which I wanted to take home with me since I collect the bottles from every birthday. Our service was a little bit slower, but still enjoyable. Also, we asked our server for certain kinds of sauce to dip with and extra bacon and no one ever brought those items to our table.I absolutely LOVED my first experience here! The staff was kind, attentive and, they made sure that my husband and I were well taken care of. I loved the atmosphere here and we will returm for another meal!Went to this restaurant last night and while the food was good it was certainly not what I have received from them in the past. The service was terrible. We had to keep asking waiters as they passed our table to help us or get us things. We were not even asked the type of temperature we liked our meats and we had to ask for rolls and sides to be brought to the table. I have been to the restaurant before and it has drastically gone down. The manager seemed apologetic and even offered to buy us dessert, but it was so bad at that point we declined and left a smaller tip. I hated to do that, but they did not even earn what we left. I hope they get better!Great place! Great Food! Jason the Bar Tender is Great! Service is Great! But don't leave without asking Jason for a special drink!Amazing service. The food was delicious and Matt has the best cuts. From the very beginning, we were treated like royalty. You definitely should try the top sirloin.To be avoided for breakfast at all costs - beyond bland/dry eggs, potatoes etc.  Service was prompt and friendly, but that's about it - if you're in the area there are many, many, many other/better options...A friend of mine and I stopped for a drink at the bar to wait for our ride. We ended up staying much longer than we had planned because our bartender was so cool. He made us lot of non alcoholic drinks to sample and gave us the yummy bread. More of my friends came and ordered food that looked absolutely amazing. Worth the price!Very disappointing.  A very poor meat selection which was surprising as I have been to Fogo de Chao in other locations.  Certainly not good enough to get me back and now wary of Fogo de Chao in general.Very disappointed. Service was spotty at best. Took three requests to 3 different servers and 20 minutes to get filet without bacon wrapped around it. The cuts they brought out were stringy and fatty. Lamb was puny. Garlic mashed potatoes were dry and lumpy. Called it to manager's attention and suddenly the 'good' potatoes appeared- with the explanation that the first must have been sitting out too long. Yech. Had to ask for smoked salmon to be brought out to salad bar. Bread was cold and mushy. Water glasses were empty and not refilled. Very disjointed service. Staff looked stressed. Just not a good experience for the money. Won't be back. Caio.Trying this place is a must, but bring your appetite! You can't go wrong with whatever you choose from the menu. 
The service was spectacular! Jason and Lindsey were amazing. You must ask for them by name. Trust me on this one...you'll thank me later!The food was delicious.  The servers were quick.  Its a bit pricey BUT you can stay until your tummy explodes!  Their drinks are strong, for me anywaysBreakfast buffet was impressive.  They had all the usual stuff done well.
Then we searched everywhere for the best desert menu after dinner at Mr. B's and found that the best desert menu is right here and the dinner was prob the best place too from what we saw.It's a pretty cool experience! Love how you can try so many different cuts of beef,pork,chicken&lambs! The environment is really nice! It's suppose to be a dressy attire but that's ok. All the meats are amazing! Fresh,hot,tasty,&hit just melts in your mouth! The market table,oh my goddess! EVERYTHING is really fresh and good! If I had a choice to come back I would and I would to recommend it to steak eaters/meat lovers!Honestly I was hesitant to try this place out bc of the terrible reviews from people I know. However, I thoroughly enjoyed this establishment. The staff were incredibly nice and the food was celestial. Will be back!I like it, the wait staff is very attentive. There's an amazing selection of meat to try. Meat lovers dream.So my brother in law came into town today and while we are strolling canal street he insists that we go to FOGO for dinner. This was my first Brazilian steakhouse experience and they did not fail to impress!! The cold veggie bar was very nice and the flavors paired nicely with the servings of meat. The meat was amazing and the portions were perfect. The servers were very kind and accommodating to my wife who is 6 months pregnant and had to have her meat cooked more. I would have given it a 10 out of 10 if it was possible!Excellent service food was A1. Staff messed up the bill, but the service and Hospitality surpassed that.STAY AWAY FROM THE "BRUNCH"!!  I don't know what was "Brazilian" about it - maybe the rude guy making the omelettes????  We nicknamed him Mr. Snarky!!  Otherwise - it was like every breakfast buffet in every hotel in the US...and NOT CHEAP.  Other than getting to be with my family - I would have just as soon had a sausage biscuit somewhere.The restaurant is very clean and attractive. The salad  bar was excellent. The service was outstanding, I can not speak enough about the service. The meat they bring to your table is flavorful but I did find the chicken and some beef on the dry side.Attending a night of the soft opening on 1/6/16 at the New Orleans location, The service was absolutely amazing. Everyone worked as a team making sure you had plenty to eat and drink at all times. Alex was our waiter and he made sure to explain the experience before we began to fill our plates. Our glasses never went unfilled nor did the bread basket. He made sure we always had a clean plate for the next round of meats. Everyone from the hostess to the managers we very welcoming. I would recommend this spot to anyone who likes to kick back and fill their bellies to the top. Gold star from us!OMG  absolutely love the ribeye and the  bacon wrapped filet. And the complementary dessert was amazing My moms really enjoyed her birthday here.Awesome place! We have dined at several locations around the country, and we are excited to have a fogo in NOLA. We always dine at the bar. Jason and Alex take great care of us. The meat selection is very abundant, and the market table offers an unique spin on a traditional salad bar. Check fogo de chao out in Nola.Went in for some cocktails and Jason was our bartender. He did a fantastic job and was so personable and his drinks were amazing!!Went there today for the New Orleans coolinary experience and the restaurant does a swap and switch.    My $39 Coolinary experience, ended up $350 for 4, 2 being children.  I complained to the manager but she only refunded $40.  Please just walk across the street and eat at a real new Orleans restaurant.  Outback quality, at Masa prices.Me and my 2 brothers came to dine here about a week ago and we LOVED it!.. The selections of beef, chicken and pork were delicious! Be sure to get the sweet spicy bacon at the market selections bar. The bar made us caipirinhas that were also delicious like being back in Brazil... We ate so much, that there was no room for dessert. Our 2 servers (Jamie and Angelique) were on point, took great care of us and allowed us to have a good time.   The dining room atmosphere and interaction with the staff was so refreshing and engaging that dessert was an afterthought. We will be back for another Bro's Night Out very soon.My lovely daughter took me here for lunch yesterday. It was a very enjoyable experience. If you love meat, you will be happy here.  The salad bar very much reminded me of being in a Whole Foods.  Imported cheeses, fresh fruit, prosciutto, smoked salmon, pickled onions, olives, etc.  It was clean and fresh.   
Sides--the entire table gets a basket of gluten-free tapioca rolls, average mashed potatoes and fried bananas to share. There are no other sides available, but these are good.  
Our waiter was nice enough and attentive.  No issues there. The "gauchos" who serve the meet where a mixed lot. One young, light haired fellow was extremely sweet and polite. I really liked him.  But oddly enough, as another poster mentioned, another meat bringer got annoyed and refused to repeat the name of the sausage he mumbled through at the table! I really did not like him.  Screw you, sausage boy. I think I looked at my daughter with a " did that just happen" expression.  But the rest of the Gauchos were pretty pleasant.  Overall, the meat selection was very nice and very delicious. I really liked the garlic crusted ribeye. 
The entire experience was exactly how I though it was going to be.  It was a little pricy, but you are getting unlimited amounts of steak for the money.  About $35 per person for lunch and $55 for dinner, plus beverages, tax and tip.  Lunch for two without alcohol ran us $90.I've been to Texas de Brazil a few times and love the experiences I've had there. I give them 5/5 stars. I was looking forward to having a similar experience at Fogo de Chão, but the reality fell short. The market table consisted of predominately cold items and the design of the layout lacked creativity.  Although the selection of the cuts were numerous, I can only say one or two were delicious.  Go to Texas de Brazil instead.The worst service ever.  We were barely served any of the meats in the brochure.  We could get refills on drinks etc.   last time it was bad but fairly new so we tried again. The one in Dallas is amazing.  Terrible experience.   Will not go back.  My 85 year old mother got filet when desert was served.  Horrible do not waste your hard earned moneyI wanted so desperately to like this place as much as I love Texas De Brazil, but that just didn't happen. It started off with the valet guy nowhere to be found. We drove past the restaurant and stopped looking for a valet guy and we saw the empty booth. My friend and I hopped out to look and there was no one, so we just left and went to find street parking which worked even better. Walking in, a host greeted us and asked if we had reservations, I had reservations for 2 and my friend had their own for 2 also. I was seated by another host who was sweet. She complimented our dresses and made an effort to explain the whole Brazilian steakhouse experience, just small talk until our waiter appeared. Now, I know there usually isn't one waiter set to the table as it is a huge restaurant that needs a lot of catering to, but this gentleman (who's name I forgot) quickly introduced himself and took drink orders. My friend and I stuck with simple waters and waited and waited. He never returned with our water. It wasn't until a waitress saw us and asked what we were waiting for, we explained and she got our waters very quickly. I never saw this one waitress or the first waiter ever again. It sucks when you work in the restaurant industry as a server and see the lack of respect and attention given to you when you're of younger age. I find it quite rude and pathetic. The one that redeemed it all was a waiter named Derick. He took notice of us lacking water refills and the sides that are given (fried yuca, plantain, mashed potatoes) and quickly made sure we were refilled. He also brought out the chimichurri sauce I asked for. At this point I was completely annoyed and wanted to leave. I watched for a good hour and a half as countless waiters, hosts, and gauchos walked by and barely acknowledged us at all. The server Derrick and one gaucho were honestly the only people who made the night worth it. They made every other table feel comfortable asking what kind of meats they wanted, refilling their items, etc. It was an overall bad service experience. As for the food, I requested the picanha and another particular cut of meat be cooked to a certain temperature. I watched as the server Derick walked in the back to tell the gauchos and even pointed to our table. I NEVER got what I asked for and requests from other tables were fulfilled perfectly without a problem. I was left with the same rotating meats that i did not want. The market table was always stocked and I enjoyed things like the apple salad, the edamame/corn mix salad, and the bacon that is TO DIE FOR! I'm still annoyed that I didn't get the cuts of meat I so much hoped for, but in the end we just gave up trying to get anyone's attention and went with flan for dessert. The full dinner experience runs for about $50, but they had a promotion running for $25 off. I'm glad they had that, otherwise I would not be paying $50 for the service and experience I had. Thank you to Derick and the one gaucho who's name I never caught for making it great night. The rest of the staff needs to work more on customer service because I've never been to a restaurant where I've been treated like that. All in all, save your $50 and go elsewhere.Best service ever.   I could request a meat from one server and he would immediately go and retrieve it.   Refreshed sides so they were always hot.   Beer section was average.   If you are an out of towner,  I would suggest the local beer called Abita.   Easy walk to if you are on the canal st side of French quarter.Ron was one of our servers today and he was simply fantastic, wen you go to FAGO THEY ALL WORK AS A TEAM and Great is enough not said about this Team except for the host she was extremely rude, but everyone else FANTASTIC and the FOOD AMAZING!!!!!! Today was our 25th anniversary and Ron went out of his way to make it special. Thank You to all th staff, your restaurant is PERFECT!!!!The first time we were truly impressed by a Brazilian steak house. Great valet parking worth the $10. The entire sense of arrival, very happy and informative hostesses. The service staff TEAM were amazing, always around making sure we had everything we needed, made sure the meat that came to our table was medium rare as requested, yes you can request your temp, you don't have to settle for whatever temp. The meat was full of flavor,  the filet, bone in ribeye, request lamb chops vs. Leg of lamb. Yes you can request the cuts of meat you like and they will have it prepared in minutes, no kidding . Salad bar amazing, well kept. Great wine selection. All the tips are shared, you don't need to worry about tipping each group.Where do I begin. Initially we had to greet the front desk. After stating our last name and the size of our party he still had no clue where the rest of our party was seated. He asked us if we were part of a 13  top even though we were a party of 5. After being seated we ordered cocktails which tasted great except for the fact that we had to wait 20 minutes for them to arrive. After we received our cocktails we decided to order a pina colada which took another 20 minutes to arrive. The servers explanation was that they didn't have a blender at the bar. If she would have told us that in the first place then I wouldn't have ordered it at all. After that we never saw her until of course it was time for the bill. The food was ok and the salad bar was a joke. Maybe it's because I often visit Brazilian steakhouses in Houston that this place was such a disgrace. I originally visited this location shortly after they opened and had a bad experience then. I wanted to give them a second chance since I am aware they were still trying to work out the kinks since they just opened. This was unfortunately my second and last visit.If you like Texas de Brazil in Baton Rouge, skip this place. We went thinking it would be similar,  but there really isn't much similarly. The service was mediocre, the hot and cold bar was limited, and we has to ask for food. Every one was polite, but compared to others, it was over priced and limited. You would have thought that it being valentine's day it would have been busier, but most could have walked in and ate (with it being a high end restaurant). We had to ask for service (which was prompt, but still) 
I've actually been to Brazil and I can tell you the Caprinhas  (premium mind you) must be the cheapest Cachaça available. Tasted like cheap tequila and fruit. 
I would not recommend this place to anyone. Save yourself some money, get the Groupon, and go to Churra's Brazilian Grill on Metairie. Food is about the same. Or, for a real dining treat, hit Texas de Brazil.Overrated and over priced.  Customer service needs a lot of improvement.   Wouldn't recommend.Ok, this is a chain. Now that everyone in New Orleans has collectively gasped, it's a GOOD chain. I've eaten at other locations and this new one in New Orleans is every bit as delicious. If you love giant skewers of grilled meat brought right to you -- and who doesn't?? -- this is the place for you. Not only is the meat delicious, but it is cooked to various temperatures so everyone in our party was happy. The wait staff was more than welcoming and accommodating. I love the little cheese biscuits they bring to start, so I was doomed to get too full. Everything on the salad bar was also fresh and wonderful. My advice: Go to the salad bar and eat those items along with the meat. Don't treat the salad as its own course or you'll never make it! Dessert of tres leches was also delicious (although I shouldn't have eaten any dessert; I only hurt myself). I would have given 5 stars, but a few times we had to wait longer than should have been necessary for refills, clean plates, etc. You could tell that the staff were trying really hard, though, and the place is new, so that might be a minor issue that will go away.I have never been to a Brazilian steak house before. The experience was wonderful and the food was to die for. Definitely recommend it to everyoneCame here after a less than appetizing experience at Jimmy J's. Fogo never disappoints. 
Thank you for the amazing food and great experience.Awesome food and service!  Loved our waiter!!!  How can anyone who loves meat not like this place?  I hate to say this, but the bacon was one of my favorite thing.  They have an unbelievable salad bar.  Try the chicken salad.I have to say I'm Very happy they opened this restaurant in New Orleans! 
On every visit, the hostesses have always greeted us with a smile and much friendliness. 
They are successful in customer service because the staff works as team. They all compliment each other so well. Every person takes their time with each table dedicating time to each customer. That makes me feel so welcomed! No matter how quick and small the conversation may be, it demonstrates care for their clientele. 
Now for the food....the salad bar is pretty big. They have different salads (of course), plenty of fruit, potato salad, chicken salad, black bean soup, soup of the day, cheeses, appetizer type meats, etc....
The meat (for my taste) is cooked to perfection---medium. Although I have to say they do accommodate to everyone's preference. There are so many types of meats passed around that it's hard to pick a favorite. (Although I did enjoy the sirloin and New York strip steak the most!). The meats are flavorful and so tender! 
They have a full bar so they offer a variety of wines and Brazilian inspired cocktails. The wine list is extensive and cocktails are refreshing and made with fresh ingredients. Hard work goes into making each cocktail! How do I know this? I saw the bartender creating many masterpieces. And it was fascinating! 
I never have room for dessert but they all looked amazing and very biggggggg!
My only suggestion is that it may be best to sit at a table if you aren't alone because the bartenders have their hands full with creating so many wonderful and meticulous drinks for the entire restaurant.
I enjoyed my visit and plan to keep going back! 
I applaud them for having a great team!Let just start with how I never ever write a review about anything. This was definitely something that I had to write about. This particular visit was the worst so I would have to say it would be my last. The restaurant would serve the same thing over and over but the lamb chops that we were asked and was told that was coming never came. I refuse to be lied to that the lamb chops were coming so we waited. As it approached closing time and we still haven't budged another server came and said the lamb chop you requested is being cooked. Damn,all that just to get meat that supposed to keep coming if your coaster is flipped on green?! Too bad there wasn't anyway to give no stars because it would definitely be that.I used to be a fan of Brazilian steakhouses, but they are slowly fallen no out of favor with me.  I was in the French Quarter on business, and dined here alone (I know, sad).  Service was just OK, as they seated me way back in a corner.  The majority of the beef being served was very good.  The lamb and chicken, however were over cooked and dry.   I still enjoyed my dining experience, and would consider returning.Happened upon this place for some appetizers and drinks, ended up cancelling my dinner plans, because it was so great!  Jason "the drink whisperer " bartender made our night awesome!  His experience and knowledge was second to none!  If you are looking for a chill relaxed time with excellent food and service check this place out!This was our first visit to Fogo De Chao in New Orleans.  Obviously we had countless choices of restaurants to choose from while in New Orleans, but because of their participation in IHG Rewards Dining Club we decided to dine here.
Comparing it to other Brazilian steak houses we've visited, we have to say it ranks towards the top of our lists.
Our favorite was the Filet Mignon bite sized pieces wrapped in bacon.  So tender, seasoned perfectly and flowing with flavor with every bite.  However it came by our table on only one occasion but when we asked our sever "John" for a second round he brought it by within a few minutes.  While the other severs were nice, John really made us feel welcomed and valued.
Coming in a close second was the rib eye.  Very juicy, moist and oozing with full flavor beef.  Since they carve off slices of rib eye from the skewer you can request the wellness (rare, medium rare, well done) which best satisfies you palate.
Obviously there are many other cuts of beef, pork, chicken and lamb which makes their way around the tables quite often.
Now moving on to the salad bar.  It was well stocked with a good variety of ingredients, including smoked salmon, several types of scrumptious cheeses and cured meats.  The soup of the day was a "carrot ginger" bisque which was absolutely unique and delicious. 
We topped it off with a slice of key lime pie each.  But be warned you probably won't have much room for dessert so be ready to take it to go as we did.
While the prices are pretty steep per person it was worth it. Brazilian steak houses aren't the kind of restaurant you'd visit everyday, unless you have deep pockets, but they're a worth while experience to share with your spouse for a special night out.  And if you're in New Orleans the Fogo De Chao there won't disappoint you.Bought dessert and some drinks. It was great. Totally would've done the whole steak dinner thing but I don't have that kind of money to throw around.Fogo de Chão is a must experience or any Brazilian churrascaria for that matter. This was our first time at the location in New Orleans but our second time dining at Fogo de Chão. We have been anticipating this visit for over a month and our New Orleans experience lived up to our expectations and more.
The decor was sleek and very comfortable. It really set the mood for the environment we were getting ourselves into. Though we were tucked away in the corner of the restaurant upstairs, it was still open yet worked out for the best since it made our meal more intimate and closed off from other diners. We weren't aware that we could walk out to the balcony, it has a great view of Canal street.
The Market Table is a must. It is a part of your experience so make sure to enjoy it. Packed with the freshest and high quality options, it is enough to whet your appetite before starting on your heavier meats. I love the smoked salmon, fresh cheese options, charcuterie (salami and prosciutto was offered), and especially the heart of palm for a palate cleanser. The soup of the day was butternut squash and they do not skimp there either. We passed on the rice and beans. This is so good, it is offered as an option by itself.
We tried not to fill up on side dishes, but it was a challenge. We ate two rounds of garlic mashed potatoes. Don't even talk to me about the polenta. Who doesn't like formed fries? I sure do. The Pão de Queijo bread (yucca and parmesan) is addictive. If you need room for protein, you have to control yourself with this! They also offer caramelized bananas that we like to take small bites of during the meal. I can definitely tell you were were expecting to scarf it all down like our first time at Fogo. We pat ourselves on the back.
For Valentine's weekend we had little heart shaped cards to signal for for meat. Green for yes please and red to stop the meat sweats. The meat was seasoned even better than our Houston experience. Make sure you let your server know you are ready for the meat to get your sides. Be sure to also dip your choices in their lovely chimichurri. There is a small plate to receive your meat and tongs to grab any carved slices. Individual items such as bacon wrapped meat is simply placed onto your plate. My favorite options were the lamb chops (a must if you love game), filet mignon, brandy chicken, and pork ribs. I did not enjoy any sirloin as it was difficult to get the correct temperature I like carved, resulting in tough beef. We passed on the pork chops. I do not recall any ribeye going around which is unfortunate because it's my favorite cut of beef and I was not aware that it was an option.
For dessert we had the tres leches which is always a treat. It could have been dressed with more fruit, fruit sauce, a flower, something! But the cake itself was everything you would imagine tres leches to be. We may have had a little personal OD on milk though.
Service was impeccable for the kick off of Valentine's weekend. Staff worked with a sense of urgency and catered to the experience, taking time to fully explain how everything worked even though we had visited another location. It was nice to hear it once again to fully understand and not be overwhelmed by the vast options or what to do. A plus was the free meal gift card that was included for dining over the weekend.
My main gripe with this place was small things that happened over the course of the night beyond control, like a glass breaking and landing on our food and in my S.O.'s hair. The situation was handled with much grace and efforts to rectify were carried out immediately and we continued with our meal. It was a little frustrating because we just were able to fill our plate with meat, had to start all over again because we didn't want to risk eating glass, and didn't realize our cards were flipped to red. Since we denied some meat, once you deny they tend to not come again with it, so we had to tell our waitress what we wanted when we were checked on and it came at once. So if you are waiting to dig into something be sure to let someone know! We came for the lamb chops and we had to ask for it to come around.
Overall I would love to return again for another special occasion.Just okay. The "salad bar" was small but had good, fresh items. The meats that we were served were very tasty, but we had to basically beg for the better cuts of meat. (Filet, Lamb, Ribeye). The meat servers continuously offered chicken, sirloin, sausage, and pork which are obviously the cheaper cuts of meat. It was obvious to our party of 6 that the restaurant purposely tries to fill you with the cheaper product. We requested the better cuts of meats at least a dozen times before they were actually brought out and when they were finally served only enough for our table was brought. The other diners in the restaurant did not even see it!  If you want the better cuts of meat you'd be better off spending your $50 per person somewhere else. If you're just going for the experience and don't mind the cheaper cuts you'll enjoy it.THIS is an experience.  I had a great time.
we drank lots of wine, we grazed at the stellar salad bar, and I relished all the varieties of chilies that I could consume.    the wheel of parmesan made me giddy, and the hearts of palm made my day.   then I discovered the chili bacon.   omg.  I went back for that several times, and the black beans yum.  You could make that salad bar your meal,cause there is so much wonderful goodness there.
then you flip your wheels and the meat arrives.
I really enjoyed all the various meats, and the fact that you can sample so many.   I in particular loved the pork, and the rib eye.
more wine
dessert, and BANG.
we were done.
I will be back.  make sure you sign up on the website for perks and clear your evening for several hours.  this is a dining experience.We came for Sunday brunch. Our waitress, Jennifer, was terrific. Excellent service and very personable. The meat choices were amazing. We loved the top sirloin and ribeye in particular, but the pork and chicken choices were no slouches. They were tasty well spiced and nicely presented at the correct temperature. We loved the salad bar and the soup was amazing. We will be back. Loved this restaurant.An amazing dining experience at grand opening.... celebrating my brother's birthday. I have visited Houston, Dallas, Atlanta and Miami locations... to have New Orleans join the ranks, is totally exciting.  NOLA will be the best...that's how we roll.  That Brazilian mix...Laissez led bond Temps ruler .......The ambience at this restaurant is phenomenal. The food was superb and the staff was very friendly and took great care of us. I will definitely dine here again soon and I recommend everyone try it especially if you love meat.My husband I, had the pleasure of celebrating our 13th Anniversary at the New Orleans restaurant on Jan. 3l, 2016. We absolutely loved it. It was our first time there and they did not disappoint. The food was awesome. Let me tell you, I've never tasted meat that was so moist and tender in my life. We will be back for sure.Came in for dinner, was excited to try it. We're from Charlotte, NC and have a similar restaurant, 'Chima'. I was told this place was a lot better. Sadly, I was HIGHLY disappointed. I'll stick to 'Chima'. Let me start with the servers are AWESOME! Could not ask for better serving staff. Now, the management SUCKS. They had a new GM who didn't tell us a thing about the "Coolinary New Orleans' deal, he was all about pushing those specialty drinks, which were not very good. It wasn't until we heard another server tell another table about the specials that we learned that we could have a better deal for the occasion. The manager never came back. Food was mediocre, at best. The female manager was extremely rude, especially to her staff. They do not treat their staff very well for the great job they do. After a couple of bad experiences there, we spoke to the female manager who became abrasive, unprofessional and VERY passive aggressive and snatched the bill off the table and took care of the bill. The GM never came back. Gave it 3 stars because the servers themselves are amazing, management just needs to stay out of the way.I have been to multiple Fogo de Chao locations for the past ten years (DC, Baltimore, Chicago and Houston).  The New Orleans location is newly opened.  So far, I can say that the New Orleans location was by far the best I have every been to.
First of all, the service was phenomenal.  All the servers were really working together (great team work!) to make sure that everyone in there was satisfied which I hadn't really seen in other locations.  Our server made sure that we all had clean plates at all time.  Also, he made sure that we got the type of meat that we wanted.  On top of that, all the servers, including the ones who were carrying the meat, were very nice with good sense of humor.  It was just a fun place to be.  We have been to this location twice so far and both times were great! The second time, we had our kids there, and they were so nice about it.  Kids under 6 are free, and the servers were so nice to them.  They also placed us in the corner table facing the window, so we were able to have some extra room for the kids to move around.  
Then, the meat..........  Do I need to say much about the meat?!  Same as other locations, the meat are great as usual.  However, for some reasons, I wasn't really the only one noticing this, the meat in this location was actually a little better.  I think it got to do with the temperature and how they handle the meat before it was cooked.  The filet mignon was of course the best seller there, but I personally love ribeye.  I love the taste of the marble and it was just cooked to perfection.  The server saw how much I loved ribeye and they just kept coming back!  
Lastly, don't forget to join their eclub and you can enjoy the sign up discount and everything.While I had been to similar restaurants, I'd never been to this one (nor any other Fogos). I'm happy I went. Not only did I get the expected vast quantity of food, but the quality was very high as well.
First, the salad bar. Very nice selection; didn't try everything but everything that I did sample was tasty. These included hearts of palm, asparagus, green beans & carrots, artichoke hearts, tomato & mozzarella, and various salad-y things. The seasonal soup, sweet pea & asparagus, was excellent, as was the delectably soft bread near it. Add to this the deliciously sweet watermelon, and I could've made a meal of the salad bar alone.
But I came for the meat (and the special Coolinary price of $39). While the chicken and various pork offerings were all good, (tho the pork selections I had were a little on the dry side), the three types of sirloin were outstanding--tender, succulent and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the leg of lamb but wish there had been some mint jelly to go with it.
I was a tad disappointed with the Bacon-Wrapped Steak and Parmesan cheese-crusted Pork medallions, but I think I just happened to get a tough, and overcooked piece, respectively. Still, the aforementioned sirloin selections made up for them.
Fried polenta was quite good as was carmelized bananas while I could have devoured a million of the PÃOs DE QUEIJO (warm, soft cheesy bread rolls) even if they took up room that could've gone to more meat. The chocolate mousse cake ended the meal on just the right note note of yumminess--with chunks of that watermelon used to scoop up any chocolate sauce left on the plate.
Service was exceptionally friendly and, overall, attentive. The meat selections came by regularly. Water and iced tea glasses were promptly refilled. And if I didn't get the promised carmelized bananas at the end (to replace one that had grown cold), by then it was fine--one more bite of anything and I might've exploded!
This is probably good value at the standard price of $52; at $39 it definitely was.Food was pretty good and came quickly.  But once the meats stopped it took awhile for the dessert.  But this was just preparing you for the wait for the bill.  45 minutes after finishing dessert bills started appearing.  There were eight of us and it took another 10 minutes for all bills to arrive.  Obviously the payment part wasn't quick but the 45 minute to almost an hour for bills was too much.We reserved a star for next time. This was our first time and it was great so perhaps just another visit to make sure the excitement didn't overwhelm our senses. We were a little skeptical because of the reviews but the idea of a delicious beef buffet at your table won out.  
   We were there around 5pm Monday evening.  The market table was fresh and mouth watering.  I loved the vast array of different peppers, cheeses, and meats. The candied bacon...we could eat that like potato chips nonstop. The great thing about the market table was it helped balance out your palette when the onslaught of meats hit your table. So much delicious well seasoned beef...soooo much, I had to tap out midway. 
   The staff was very attentive and sweet. One gaucho chef in particular made our meal top notch. He was working the Monday night shift and we were at the tables behind the hostesses. I think his name was Patrick, white blondish, I hope we got his name right because his service was grade A. He didn't helicopter or rush us.  Asked us if there was anything in particular we wanted and joked a bit. He was genuine and needs to be recognized. So thanks and shout out to him.
   We will definitely go back again when the meat sweats pass lol.My experience here at Fogo de Chao thus far has gone only as far as my experience sitting in the bar area twice. Well, let's just say--find Jason as your bartender. He's the best. He made me feel at home here and he just knows his stuff. He's ridiculously friendly, well informed, overall just an amazing guy. He makes amazing drinks...period. Thanks Jason!The service was excellent and the food was great. I was so full I could hardly walk when I left. Valet is only $10 and definitely worth it since finding parking in that area can be a nightmare.Thoroughly enjoyed my experience here as I usually do at fogo. My husband and I ate here twice during our recent trip to New Orleans and also visited the bar later in the evening. The food was amazing and our bartender Jason made our experience exceptional. The drinks and service at the bar were awesome! He was busy but made sure to give attentive service and never let my drink sit empty.Food was amazing! The meat selection and quality was phenomenal. Must try and the service was excellent.Thank you Fogo De Chao for an awesome experience! We enjoyed a wide variety of delicious meats but I would say the best is the Picanha. Sides are awesome as well with a ton of options. Special thanks to our waitress Chelsae for the outstanding service. We will definitely be back!Wonderful service. The food was great. My husband loved the meat. He was so happy we went. They also had valet and he was so polite. Will definitely come again.I have been to a Fogo de Chao in another city and once I saw that there was one right by the hotel that we were staying at in New Orleans I decided right away that we had to go. It did not disappoint and it was just as good.
The salad bar is excellent with a lot of great choices. The side platters of platanos, yucca, and mashed potatoes were excellent. All the meats that came to the table were excellent (especially the Fillet mignon & ribeye. so GOOD!) But the cheese bread.... I can't even express how much I love their cheese bread. I'll leave it at that.
Our main server was Derrick but it was really more group service cause we saw at least 5 other faces approach our table to provide service. All were excellent.
While it isn't the type of food that one goes to New Orleans to eat, the food quality and excellent service is definitely worth your time if you are in town.I came in for lunch alone while traveling for business and the service was amazing. The food was on point. Everything was hot when it should be. The selection was large. The service though, i cannot rave enough. I never had an empty glass, a dirty plate or waited for anything. Thank you!I've been to other Fogo's and also remember that they had a location in New Orleans pre-Katrina that was absolutely amazing. I'm a member of their email list and had a coupon so I figured why not go out to dinner to use it. When my boyfriend and I arrived we were seated at a table under the staircase that leads to the upstairs dining room and behind a glass wall/wine rack. This is probably the WORST seat in the entire restaurant. Not only do you get less service from the gauchos (we waited at least 20 minutes before we were served any meat, continually passed up for the main dining rooms). But you have to deal with the sound of people walking up the stairs continuously, which is not exactly what you'd expect when paying $50+ per person for dinner. The server we had was completely rude, he asked if we would like to see a dessert menu within the 20 minutes that we waited to get our first dish. We hadn't even eaten yet, from then on he kept asking if we were ready instead of if we were ok or needed anything else. The salad bar was continuously out of things and not as wide a selection as other locations that I have been to. When we did get meat, it was actually good though. The final blow of this terrible experience was that when I finally checked my bank account this morning it seems that although I left a tip of about 15% of what my bill was for the awful service I was charged an ADDITIONAL $36. When I called this morning there was no manager available so I don't know if the server padded my bill or it was just an honest mistake. All in all, my advice is to stay away from this location. If you really want churrasco drive up to Baton Rouge and go to Texas de Brazil.So we went back with our BoGo. I will say this, the service was outstanding. There was a lot more teamwork from the serving staff, so we never waited for anything. 
The salad bar is still smaller than comparable restaurants, it didn't grow like I would have liked. 
My only complaint this time was the was a little under done from the normal medium rare. Doesn't bother me, knock the horns off and run 'er through the warm kitchen and I'll eat it, but the wife said it was just a little too raw for her taste. 
Would we go back? The jury us still out on that one. We'll see if coupons become available.I definitely think this is a place you can try once in your lifetime but after that - it's kinda like EH. Everything food - wise was great. The meat, beans and rice, side dishes and cheese selections :) our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed. I couldn't really decide if he was actually a waiter or just a guy bringing things but having no interaction with us. I actually had to flag down the hostess lady half the time (who was SO nice) and she got our drinks, our dessert, got our bill/paid our bill. Seemed like my tip should've went to her. Another pretty cool person was Jason the bartender who offered us different drink selections. Like another reviewer on here- it seemed like once the meat stopped coming- no one came back to the table for a whileee (like over 30 min to attempt to get our check). 
All in all- decent place. Good food but priceyI had a reservation last night at 9:30 for my for my anniversary with my boyfriend, it was the first time going for both of us and we could not of felt any more uncomfortable and frustrated after our experience last night. First off we were sat next to a column and our table was unstable and wobbly, when there were plenty of open tables in the open and not such an uncomfortable and crowded spot for no reason. My boyfriend kindly asked if there was anything that could be done about the table and our waiter, Jeremy, rudely stared at us for a second then grabbed a napkin and poorly fixed the table, still as wobbly as before we asked,we tried to look past it and enjoy the rest of the night. As the night went on Jeremy seemed to dissappear and we then had a blonde lady attending us for the rest of the night, until Jeremy came back for the check and his tip. We enjoyed our food, was all delicious, and after finishing eating the lady came back and asked if we wanted dessert, and we ordered the tres leches cake and turtle cheesecake togo, a few minutes after we ordered the lady came back to double check our dessert order, which we confirmed the tres leches cake and turtle cheesecake. We received our dessert in a brown bag and have already paid and getting late just headed back home not thinking the bag should be checked when she came back a second time asking our order and having it right, no worries, why should we? Well, dessert was what i was looking forward to most, i was expecting to receive my favorite dessert, turtle cheesecake that i havent had in so long, but when i got back home i opened the bag to see the tres leches cake for my boyfriend, and key lime pie, one of the only desserts i find absolutely disgusting personally. I have the receipt for what i was charged, and a picture of what i received instead, and i find this unacceptable that i paid $165 for the rudest customer service experience ive ever had, and then i was charged for food i didnt even receive,  and yet i still left a $25 just to be treated like a fool in the end.We went to the bar at Fogo de Chão before we left New Orleans.
The bartender, Jason, was super friendly, personable, knowledgeable and attentive...
he really made our last bar experience in NOLA wonderful and makes us want to go back very soon!
He was creative with the drinks and they were perfectly balanced with sweet/tart flavors.
We had some empanadas to go with our drinks and those were quite tasty too!Went to dinner with fiance and dad. I was a little disappointed that the salad bar was so small. My fiance and I have been to the ones in New York and Miami which had enormous salad bars and better meat selection.. My fiance also said the meat selection was not as extensive as the other ones. My dad was happy with the salad bar and stated everything was very fresh.The service & the food was flawless. I didn't eat all day & showed up for dinner to cause havoc but I was defeated by the plethora of meats & cheese cake. The service was flawless too but I said that already. #SteakwastedI CANNOT speak highly enough about this restaurant. The staff is so wonderful! We've chatted with several gauchos, server, the FOH manager, the kitchen manager, and they all were the happiest, friendliest ppl I've met in ages. The food is INCREDIBLE. Go here. You won't be disappointed. Come. Eat. Laugh. You'll be sitting at your table planning your next visit before the last course arrives.One of my top three choices of steakhouses! The steaks at always cooks to your liking. There's not a big variety of sides but the mashed potatoes are pretty good. Sometimes they skip over your table wgen they think you've been there long enough, but other than that the steaks can hang with some of the best. I would definitely recommend this place!!It was my first time at this brand of Brazilian Steakhouses. i have been to others in Texas, but not this one. However, i was on the mailing list and got a birthday gift certificate so I decided to go with my husband a couple of friends. It was AMAZING!!!! The fried yuca that comes out prior to the meats was so delicious!!!! It was topped with some Parmesan cheese too. The mashed potatoes were also quite delicious. I don't eat pork but there was plenty of steak and lamb. There was filet, ribeye, strip, lamb chops, and leg of lamb. I was in ABSOLUTE HEAVEN!!!! nom nom nom nom. OMG we left out of there so doggone full. lol....for dinner it's $46.95/person and that includes the salad bar. The salad bar also has smoked salmon, manchego cheese and various fruits. Service was nice and decent drink prices. I'll be back again that's for certain. I'm a fan.There are not enough words to describe how great the food and service are at this restaurant. The service is impeccable I never had to Signal for service and was treated better there than at some 5 star restaurants. What can you say about table side service of experately cooked meats. The price is incredibly good if you like meat try this place my guess is you will not be disappointedFood as always is excellent and more than enough. No whining about  food amounts here. It's excessive ( come hungry) and enjoy. And all of the staff is laid back solicitous and cordial. Wow. Cudos to to a excellent addition to NOLA' a fusion cuisine explosion. As I say ' try it and you'all like it'. Btw excellent no meat options too.Bland food, bad service, overpriced sugary cocktails. Beautiful location. Id rather pay 50 bucks and get one excellent steak instead of endless mediocre food.JASON THE BARTENDER IS AWESOME!!! He made a Strawberry Caipirinha that gave me life!! Perfect flavor and the right amount of sweetness!We have been to many Fogo de Chao's all over the country.  The service as well as requesting simple French fries with our meal (which every Fogo has that we have been to) for our youngest one was turned down.  We simple got up and left rather then eat there.  I don't normally give a one star review but the staff and place was rude.  Don't waste your time and money go some place else.Meaty meats and all you can eat! Don't know if I can handle another round but maybe one day will return again. Service was attentive and great.I was on a solo business trip and was looking for a place I could get a small meal and a drink. I had no idea FDC offered a small plate menu at the bar. The food was great and the bartender was very nice and engaging. The reason for 4 stars is that other than the bartender and the host, the rest of the staff seemed cold and in-engaging. And they were out of several menu items. To spite the minor flaws, I would return to this restaurant again.I was very disappointed with my recent experience at Fogo.  The food was great but the service left much to be desired. First, there was one person working the valet. So the wait to park was long. We had a total of 13 people in our party, celebrating a birthday. The first waitress we had very nice and helpful, then she disappeared. Then another waitress helped us and then she disappeared. Neither one said anything. Meanwhile, after we got full on the meat and wanted dessert, yet another waitress came to take care of us. The desserts were horrible after waiting 30 minutes for them. We had to flag down someone to take it off the ticket, reordered the birthday boy's dessert, then had to flag someone down to get the checks. That took another 30 minutes. Then the checks were wrong! No one at my table is ever going back there again. Thanks Fogo, for horrible service.We got a table right away, all the waiters and waitresses were really nice. The meats were perfectly cooked and we could get medium rare or rare pieces as we usually eat them. The picanha and filet were delicious. The cocktails were really good as well. Nothing bad to say about this place and we will come back if ever we visit Nola again. Go without even thinking twice. Unbeatable all-you-can-eat for the price considering the good quality of the food.I tried out FdC for the first time for Easter dinner.
When we walked in, the two hostesses weren't polite at all. They both gave us a stink look when we walked in the door. One hostess walked us to the back of the restaurant and then immediately left. I'm only bothered by that because I later noticed that when another hostess (she had a rhinestone or some type of piercing in her face) sat guests, she would stand and wait at the table until the server arrived. If that is supposed to be the FdC standard, then all the hostesses should be doing it, not just one
The initial server that we had, I think her name was Jelasa, was awesome. She was very polite and did an amazing job of explaining the restaurant and all that it had to offer. The good service pretty much stopped there. I ordered the Guarana to drink; my boyfriend ordered the limeade. It took way too long to receive our drinksYes, FOGO is finally in New Orleans!  I was so excited when I saw it i could not stand myself.  They did not disappoint.  The service was wonderful and the meats were flying through the service area. I had to turn my card to red a few times because my plate was so full from the fast service!
The salad bar was still amazing and every single cut of meat was perfect. Great, now I need some FOGO just writing this review has my mouth watering!I've been to Brazilian places like this before but less sophisticated. This place was classy, the waiters really took care of you. The salad bar had tons of great choices, the meats are very tasty and cooked to your request.
The wine list was much bigger than on their website.
For the price it's on par.I guess they were paying attention to all of the previous reviews because our food was off the chain and the waitstaff went out of our way to be kind. 
My friend even went gaga over the drinks and we had an amazing time.The hostess was very short with answering my question. Which was whether there was a breakfast buffet or options to order off the menu instead.
She insisted on shoving the menu towards us and repeated her previous statement. 
This was a simple yes or no question. I don't need to see the menu or prices, so thanks?
Then we were sat at a table that wasn't fully set with glasses or coffee cups. In a casual fine dining/fine dining guests should never be sat at a table that isn't fully set.
We waited to be greeted for several minutes. Other guest were seated and greeted immediately. Needless to say, we were never greeted and left after about 5 minutes.
I believe this woman had a managerial role/key manager and decided to treat us poorly because I asked a simple question.
I would have enjoyed the breakfast had there been better service leading to that.If you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and stop by here! From valet parking to service inside of the restaurant to even walking out .. It was an amazing experience!! Jason was our bartender and he was the best bartender my mother and I have had. Great proportion of alcohol to mixtures. The waiters and waitresses were extremely professional with us, and were always attentive to our needs. The manager personally talked to us and ask about our stay and even has a personal chat. Such a welcoming establishment with some great people!! Definitely recommending this restaurant to family and friends!! The food is amazing!!! For dessert make sure to order creme Brulee!!I absolutely love the bar in this establishment. Our bartender Jason had a drink in mind for me as I walked in the door. As I sat down, he prepared a drink just for me to try. I was so astonished to know he knew what kind of liqour I like!. He made the experience 10× better before I even sat down. Best bartender in N.O.We made reservations to see how it went.  We arrived and were both greeted and seated immediately.  Our waiter was very well informed and filled us in on the specials and new items.  The market table was extraordinary! Fresh and grilled fruits and veggies, imported meats like salami and prosciutto, olives, cheeses, smoked salmon and all the accoutrements, and salads abound.  Our drinks were on our table before we returned.  Once we turned our card green; the onslaught was on!  Wonderfully prepared meats showed up in a constant conveyor belt of gauchos.  Well seasoned meats, such as lamb, ribeye, sirloin, filet, pork, chops, chicken, Brazilian sausages, etc., arrive on spits,  and are carved table side by gauchos.  When you have your fill, turn the button red.  There is a nice dessert menu, and a thorough cocktails and wine menu as well.  Their manager, Lynn, was a delight to talk to! To sum it all up, a very good dining experience and wonderful company.  The only down side was that I found it a bit on the pricy side.This place is just dumb. 
My dad chose to go here for Father's Day. They were running the "full experience" at $49.99 per person all day. No clue why the price was higher than normal - my parents had been before and didn't spot anything new or special. 
My vegetarian sister asked if she'd be able to have the vegetarian option, the waiter said he'd see what he could do, assuring her it'd be fine.
The food wasn't great. It lacked flavor. Bland mashed potatoes, flavorless polenta fries, and baked bananas with meat for $50 just wasn't doing anything for me. I wondered why my father, who usually has tastebuds, led us astray. Or would choose to return here. Bad food combined with a strange, oddly quiet atmosphere had me feeling like I wasn't even in New Orleans.
At the end of the meal the waiter slyly handed my dad a coupon for a free meal and told him not to tell anyone he gave it to him, like he was doing him a favor and that the coupon hadn't been promised in their newsletter. Finally, the waiter charged my sister for the "full experience" with no mention of his inability to do anything about it. 
This place needs to relocate to Metairie and free up space for a restaurant more worthy of Canal Street asap.My siblings and I had dinner with my Father here on Sunday. He absolutely loves this place. It was my first time visiting and I was very impressed. Initially, I thought I wouldn't enjoy myself because I because I am not a big red meat person. 
The portions are the perfect size to not overwhelm you. Everything was perfectly prepared. 
Here's the thing, the restroom was filthy. I sat near the restroom to sign my father's card and nearly threw up. The stench of urine was so overwhelming. A place this nice should be appalled at the fact that their restroom was that ridiculous.Great restaurant. Jason and Erika behind the bar were amazing! They worked non stop while remaining friendly with the guests and waiters. Some of the cocktails are very complicated. They didn't check the recipes nor did they slow down. Our waiter from the night before remembered us the next night and welcomed us back. This restaurant has amazing food, cocktails and staff.My experience here was great. I have eaten at Fogo in D.C., Dallas, and Houston, and love it every time.  It is really nice to have one in N.O.  I went with my friends for lunch and we are meat people.  We were all very happy with the experience. Sat us by the window on one of the nice days we have had this "winter" and it made for a great afternoon. If u plan to go for lunch this is the one day you should skip breakfast. This is our new Ruth's for lunch.I have been to many Brazilian steakhouses, including in Rio, but never to a Fogo de Chao.  I will never return to another one.  The salad bar was paltry -- very few selections.  The cheese puff/breads were deflated and hard.  But the worst of all was that our sides did not arrive until our bill was presented to us.  No apologies, nothing, just "here are your sides; guess someone forgot."  A couple of cuts of meat were terrific; others were not.  It's not a great selection.Had dinner here last night.. While the service was good.. The food wasn't.. Salad bar was kind of lacking and the meats was a little off.. I would asked for mid rare and I keep getting well.. They were  helpful enough to bring me different ones but it was still off.. They just can't seem to get the temps right.. Then I had dessert.. Creme Brûlée.. It was over cooked.. Eggs was scrambled 
The only good thing was the server.. He was awesomeJust got in to town & was starving! Walked in & was rejected because I did not have a reservation.  I have not seen anything advertised suggesting I needed reservations.  Severally disappointed.Dinner - omg.... maybe come here after not eating for the whole day!
SO MUCH MEAT! And it was all so good. The lamb and the prime beef were my favorites. 
There is a salad bar which you can get salad, cheeses, smoked salmon, cured meats, pickles, etc. All was fresh and clean. 
I can't even remember what the sides were... I just kept eating the meat LOL.
The caipirinha's (i got lime) were strong but refreshing. 
I love the brazillian steak house experience and Fogo de Chao doesn't disappoint.
The wait staff are wonderful and very accommodating. HOWEVER the hostesses on the front counter are super RUDE. If you don't want to be at work get a DIFFERENT job. They have no idea whats going on. And are in total contrast to the hardworking and FRIENDLY wait staff.You must try a Fogo or Brazilian steakhouse once in your life. My life was sorely lacking without one- all you can eat charcuterie, sides, and the best meat EVER. 
Above all, the service was incredible. The staff works in teams because of the unique style and they were phenomenal! We had Alisa and Laura and they were so great! Professional, kind, and had us cracking up on top of it- the coolest people we've met in NOLA, by far. What a treat!While Fogo de Chao is certainly not unique to New Orleans, it is an amazing dining experience and well worth it. The style is an all-you-can eat, but with freshly grilled meats brought around by servers and carved off for you. This is one place that knows how to make great cocktails. Their Caipirinha here is amazing. (They use the proper alcohol, cachaça, which is made from sugarcane juice, and that was much better than a place I once visited that substituted vodka and thus had an awful tasting cocktail.) The salad bar here goes well beyond having just salad greens & vegetables with smoked salmon, a couple of hot items, brown sugar bacon, cheeses, roasted peppers. If you aren't a big meat eater, you can actually just have the salad bar here.
For the meats, almost all were very good. A few of the best were the sirloin steak, beef tenderloin (wrapped in bacon), and chicken breast wrapped in bacon. The most exceptional was the rack of lamb, which was one of the best pieces of lamb I've ever had. The worst of the meats was the ribs. They were not bad, just less tender than what I expect in ribs, but that's likely due to them being being grilled over high heat and not cooked "low & slow" like you would have at a Texas BBQ joint. In addition to the meats, each table gets little breads, polenta, plantains, and mashed potatoes brought out hot. If you want more, you can just ask, though service was attentive enough that we never had to ask for anything because they would ask us if we wanted more. Another point about good service here is that I was dining with a friend who is Jewish and does not eat pork (swine). When he asked if they had one of the meats without a bacon wrap, the server said he would have them cook some and shortly thereafter meat without bacon arrived at our table.Amazing table service and customer service!  The BEST food we'd had so far in New Orleans!  Second Fogo we'd been to and it was better than the first, ( in Portland).Worst Fogo I've ever been to. Meat was undercooked and not properly seasoned. Pork chops looked like they had been in a forest fire. Took forever to get everything. Service sub par. All in all pretty badOk I've been here several times before and had nice experiences this time not so much.  We were greeted by a waiter that said he was being utilized like " a dodge ball" and was ready to get off . We had to ask for the servers to bring meat to the table !!! They were literally not coming in our area!  We ordered 2 drinks from bar and received one of the drinks 15 minutes later after reminding the waiter . We had to notify the manager of the missing drink order because she was helping to wait tables since our disgruntled server had gotten off . The manager was nice she apologized brought the  drink to the table and didn't charge us for it .  All the meats weren't served maybe brunch isn't best time to go .... we were promised free gift card for next meal since it was Father's Day needless to say we didn't get it .What a different steakhouse experience for New Orleans!  The food was delicious.  The waitstaff was very helpful.  This is a great place for a date or outing for friends.  We will definitely be back.  We tried it all.  But you can make special requests if you like. I really try to stay away from chain restaurants, but I'll make an exception for this place!Our waiter Earlie  was absolutely amazing. He went out of his way to make the birthday girl feel special. They visited our table several times and even though it was close to closing they made more braised lamb for our entire table. The service was impeccable and was just about the best dining experience I've had. I would definitely recommend visiting this location.Exquisite dining experience.  Prompt table service, elegant white table cloth service.Delicious.  We were seated by the kitchen and had amazing service. We were there early in the evening and were able to get our preferred cooking temperature on all items. Looking forward to visiting again.I love fogo de chão, I've been to 6 different locations across the country (and have always given 5 stars rating). The reason why I am only giving two stars to this location is simply because of the service. Been there 3 times and we always have to ask for meat, and wait a long time after that. Also, some of the meats today were not cooked to fogo de chão standards. We are probably never going back to this location.I've been to Fogo de Chao maybe 30 times, mostly in Dallas but also California. I've been to this newly opened location on Canal Street three times and went with a party of 11 the day before Father's Day. 
It was by far the worst experience I've ever had at Fogo.
They brought three baskets of bread to the table as soon as we sat down. I've scarfed down hundreds of these little rolls, which I adore. If the bread is fresh out of the oven, the cheese inside will be ooey-gooey and pliable, but that's not always possible so I'm somewhat forgiving there. The cheese in this case was not only not pliable, but something was very off about the bread's shell; it was almost plastic-y.
We asked for more bread repeatedly and yet our table never received another basket of bread throughout the rest of the two-hour-plus meal.
They did not bring the mashed potato/fried banana/fried polenta sides for more 35 minutes after we began eating. It may have been even longer. They actually combined the bananas and polenta onto one plate instead of serving them separately as they typically do, thus cutting the quantity in half. They never brought another round of sides to our table throughout the rest of the meal.
I am used to receiving bread and sides at Fogo nearly constantly throughout the dining experience. The sides are amazing; they are my favorite part of the meal, even more than the meat!
I could not find anyone to take my empty plate. This is also highly unusual, as the service at Fogo is typically beyond compare. It is not unusual to have six people around a single table doing various things. I had to get up from my seat, chase down a manager, and ask him to take my plate.
At several points throughout the evening, I could look up from my seat and not see a single waiter or gaucho in sight throughout the entire second floor. Again, this is unheard of at Fogo.
I don't know whether there was a shortage of food, or a shortage of waitstaff and gauchos but my family actually had reservations on Father's Day the next night, which I advised them to cancel because I could not imagine that the restaurant would be less busy and able to do things the way they should be done. They did cancel.
My biggest fear is because this location is located in a hotel, this particular Fogo has no need to uphold the standards of the other locations. I am not a tourist and would be a regular at Fogo for life, but if the vast majority of their customers are tourists, there is little motivation to make sure that customers return to that specific location. I will definitely not be going back during any kind of high-demand hour or day, because if I return I want to be able to have consistent service and have my requests for breads, sides, specific cuts of meat (yes you can request that) and drinks actually honored.This place is amazing.   If you have ever had a dream of endless,  amazing,  perfectly cooked meats brought served to you,  this is your Valhalla.
There are nearly countless cuts of beef, lamb, pork, and chicken. They are sliced at your table at your beck and call.  The flow of cuts are constant.  It is almost overwhelming. 
The meats all taste different from one and other and are all top quality.   They are cooked to perfection.
There sides are delish too, but who goes to a meat buffet for the sides.
The cocktails are exceptional and I recommend the Superfruit Lemonade.  
This place is expensive but entirely worth it.  I wouldn't put it on the regular rotation but for special nights, it is my new favorite.First time last week while in town on business and really enjoyed. The "market garden" buffet of all the salads was great and only ordered one meat, beef, and it was perfectly cooked. The salad buffet is always fresh and if you desire you can have only that, it filled with chicken salad, apple salad, smoked salmon, fresh lettuces, tomato, beets along with cheeses and the best bacon (cooked with brown sugar). Service is very friendly and manager and hostess are always checking if things are working for you. Just did lunch this trip and it was great.Very nice place to eat. Very clean big selection at the bar prices are decent. Food pretty good mostly meat different kinds fresh price kinda high.Great Service went opening day Jan 8th, Derick our waiter took great care of us. What so good about the place is your not rushed, food was awesome recommend this place to everybody. Going back for my Birthday with a group of friends.Hands down one of the best!!!! We used to drive to BR for Texas De Brazil & the food here is much tastier!!!!Visited recently and had a very nice time.  I stopped earlier in the day to ask about reservations and the young lady at the desk gave me a very nice tip . . . sign up with them on the web and in return I immediately had a $25 coupon for dinner . . . how nice!  I returned to my hotel and joined the club . ..  had my coupon in short order.  Like all locations, they have a nice selection of salads, cured meats, and much more in terms of veggies and such, but it is all about the meat here . . . and the meat was superb.  Everything was cooked perfectly (I am a "rare" kind of guy) and the timing of service was perfect.  They of course bring things to the table to try and fill you p, but I politely declined.  I stayed for nearly 2 hours and truly stuffed myself.  I did not have any dessert so cannot comment on same.  If you are a carnivore, you will enjoy any Fogo location.jason....the magnificent bartender!!  My pineapple old fashion was great!!! The service was great and attentive.Some of the meat was really solid. The filet mignon was delicious, the lamb was alright, the pork was meh, some of the chicken was good, some of the other cuts of meat were alright. The sides were hit and miss. Some of them were actually cold which was a bit of a let down but the variety was fairly nice. The credit card machine was down which for a restaurant that will run you close to $300 for a dinner for 4 with dessert and tip... Unacceptable. Service is fairly sub par also. Your ignored most of the time at the table by your actual waiter and ignored by the "meat" people for the first 20 minutes your there. It was my first experience with a Brazilian steak house and if they're all like this then I'll pass.Firstly let me say this, I've been to Fogo's in other cities and had great experiences. I was a tad bit taken aback that I wasn't having yet another great one at the Nola location. 
After shopping a friend and I decided to stop in for dinner. The restaurant seemed to be a bit busy for a Tuesday. We were told it would be a 20-30 minute wait to be seated. I was fine with that because I wanted RED MEAT and a lot of it. Twenty minutes passed, then thirty, then forty and soon an hour. I asked the hostess what the issue was and she said only a few more minutes. Here's the thing...if your restaurant is so packed with reservations you should tell guests that or that you can't take any walk in's at that moment. 
Ten minutes we were seated at literally the noisiest table. We were near the exit where the meat was coming out so I tried to look at the bright side. I thought I'd be able to get first dibs on some things. Wrong... We saw the same 4 meats come to out table until we actually ASKED for a better variety. The chicken was dry, the beef almost tasteless. The lamb chops were the only enjoyable meat, and I couldn't get a second one to save my life. At that point I decided that my meal was going to consist of smoked salmon and fresh greens. I'd given up hope. Our server (who I won't name for their sake) was completely inhospitable. I understand....I get it....the restaurants packed but you could at least ask me if I'm enjoying my wine or if I needed a refill on my water. The plates were only taken once from the table. The plus side, one of the managers saw that we had a toddler with us and immediately got mashed potatoes to the table for her after that long wait in the lobby. 
I won't be back, at least not to this location. Houston's service, and meat selection are what I'm used to, it's unfortunate I didn't find it here in New Orleans.Terribly disappointing. I have been to this restaurant (in Atlanta) on multiple occasions. I was so excited we finally had a location in New Orleans. Immediately upon arrival I noticed a difference in the ambiance. It felt a little more swanky in ATL but I believe it may be the fact that it's located inside of a hotel. On to the food... 
My husband and I like medium well to well-done steaks. (I know I know, most people don't) Well if you do happen to enjoy your meats cooked through, think twice about this restaurant. The servers say they can cut according to how you like your meat. For instance, well done is usually at the very bottom of the skewer, but whenever they got to our table the well done pieces were gone (guess we aren't alone after all). This means we had to wait while everyone else was flipping there food card to red because too much was being brought to them. Our cards stayed on green...the whole time. I hope my review is clear. There is nothing wrong with eating here IF you enjoy your meats cooler than medium well.My wife and I were visiting from Chicago and stayed at the JW Marriott. There is a Fogo de Chao located  on he first floor in the same building. Though we only had drinks bartender Jason was great. He made great cocktails and was a pleasure to talk with.  You MUST have the National drink of Brazil a caipirinha. 
We have eaten at one back home and the food is always amazing too. Huge buffet to get side dishes and salads before the gauchos come table-side and offer a wide variety of meats. All the steaks are very flavorful and the pork, chicken and sausage are great too. 
Highly recommend this dining experience you will not be disappointed.Overall a good experience . I enjoyed the black beans from the market table as well as the smoked salmon .The lamb chops and leg of lamb was my favorite . The chicken wrapped in bacon was good too. Compared to Texas de Brazil I didn't enjoy the different cuts of beef I found them to be chewy and lacked flavor . The mashed potatoes and caramelized bananas were only ok and no comparison to Texas de Brazil . Overall a nice experience and I will return.I don't like to writhe a review but this place honest its the best place I never been , the market table was excellent my favorite salad was the chicken salad , the meats selection was great my favorite was the house special and the lamp chops ,our waitress was Erika and she was very friendly and on the top of everything. the manager team was great as well they ask few times if everything was good and on the end one off the managers I think his name is Carlos came whit a card and told us we had a chance to win a trip to any fogo on the world, i definitely go backI've been to many Brazilian steak houses and this one disappointed.  I wanted to like this restaurant  but for the price the salad bar was lack luster and very little choice in non alcoholic drinks.  Other Brazilian steak house have many different flavors of lemonade.  The meat was good and they did give good sized portions but, salad bar did not have a good variety of salad toppings. Last thing that was horrible was no grilled pineapple .  That was one of the biggest reasons for the low rating.  Also the staff really had no clue what was on their menu.We had a fantastic experience!! Awesome wait staff.  Awesome food experience. I would highly recommend his restaurant. We have nothing but good things to say. Derrick held us down.I had no clue this was a chain. Anyway, it's a chain that stays honest to it's roots. It isn't a meal, it's a dining experience. Suggestion: fast before going there. It's all you can eat. Everything fresh and superior.Ate here for a dinner.  Food was very good.  The salad bar is a much smaller with fewer choices than the Foga de Choa in Philadelphia.  The meat is good but again the salad bar was lacking.  The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed our meal. Would probably eat here again.Forget Arby's, Fogo has the meats. We arrived with another couple to try out the new place. The deal is $50 for all you can eat and you can add on alcohol and dessert. We split a bottle of wine and went to peruse the cold food bar. They had a wide selection of charcuterie and some salad options. The real winner here was the peppered candied bacon. I think you are supposed to put it on some lettuce for a salad, but I came ready for meats and took some on its own. They eventually came around with the garlic mashed potatoes and plantains. And that's when we flipped our marker over to the green side. The meat began flowing and would not stop. Layers upon layers of cooked to temperature meat. Meat ranging from bacon wrapped filet, to lamb, to pork, to cognac marinated chicken, to (my favorite) the house cut steak. They had flank steak, ribeye, and porterhouse. They kept coming with various meats on swords that were freshly fire roasted. I like my meat medium rare and the wife likes it medium well, but they were able to cut it from sections that were cooked to different temperatures. We ate until we had the meat sweats and them I kept going. The women ordered the roasted pineapple with ice cream, they insisted it was good but I kept eating meat. As my plate became empty, my belly became full. I do not think that you can eat a true $50 worth, unless you come hungry and take a nap until your second meal, but part of the fun is the challenge. The service for the check and drinks and refills on soft drinks was a little slow, but the carvers were all over the place.We just popped in off the street without a reservation and were seated with only a 2minute wait. The food was very enjoyable and the atmosphere was nice. My only complaint was there was very little explanation on how the whole thing works. The waiter was either new or stupid...not sure which.We went there for lunch today and we had a very pleasant experience. The food was amazing and staff were nice! 
The winning of the meat was the lamb chaps and chicken salad. 
We will definitely come back again!Our first time and it was delicious. The salad bar is prime time, imported cheeses and meats. The chicken salad and smoked salmon are delicious. Our waiter, Derrick, kept our glasses full and took very good care of us. Best meal, worth every penny! #blessupI was in town for business last weekend and absolutely fell in love with a special drink Jason, the bartender made for us. He was friendly and had great customer service. Not to mention his thoughtfulness in giving credit to Lindsay! They were great! He really needs to coin the drink he made as the JW!We had a wonderful 50th anniversary breakfast here.  What a great assortment of foods and the staff, Shirley and Nick were just fantastic. 
Thanks for making our breakfast the beginning of a great day.
If your in New Orleans and looking for a great breakfast buffet this is the place!One of the best dining experience ever! the staff was delightful and very attentive, definitely coming back again!Ok. I thought I'd try this restaurant once again, because I throughly enjoyed it the experience the last time, AND sometimes restaurants get it right ONCE, but it's all downhill from there! I took a HUGE chance by taking my dad here for his birthday last night. I also invited my whole immediate family, so my husband and three daughters accompanied me. These people are the ONLY people I know that are actually MORE difficult to IMPRESS than me, so I knew it would be a tall order to get them to like FOGO as much as my husband and I did when we came for lunch a couple of weeks ago. Im happy to report that ONCE AGAIN, FOGO KNOCKED IT OUT OF THE PARK!  Unlike the last time I ate here, the restaurant was PACKED! There were full tables both upstairs and down, so I was particularly interested in how the staff would handle the increased workload. I have to say that the staff MORE than met my expectations! They were every bit as attentive to my family as they were to all the other patrons, (and let me tell you that it was a LOT of people they had to deal with!) I looked around, and it seemed everyone was having a great time! I even asked the tables around me as to how the other patrons felt about the service they were receiving, and the answer was a resounding "WONDERFUL!" Food was constantly being offered, and the salad and hot bars stayed full the entire two hours I was there. Hector, our server, made sure that we not only had wait staff around us all the time, he even made sure that our favorites cuts of meat were plentiful and more often offered to us. We ate filet mignon, flank steak, and pork ribs, as well as bacon wrapped chicken, Brazilian sausage, lamb chops and rack of lamb, among others. The only meat I didn't care for was the garlic seasoned steak, which I thought was a little tough, until the staff bought the same cut to me, but with a medium temperature. That cut was wonderful, so I guess I'm just not a person who likes steak cooked at a medium well or well done temp. The sides were good as well. We had garlic mashed potatoes, with plantains, and bread, stuffed with cheese. Delish! My dad ate until he was stuffed, as did the rest of us! When it came time for dessert, we had a myriad of choices as well. I had the chocolate mousse cake, and my hubby the cheesecake. My middle daughter Camryn, had the Creme brûlée, while the eldest Lauren had the tres leches cake. My dad had the mousse cake, as did my youngest, Kelsey. All were wonderful, and as an added bonus, my dad's dessert was complementary, in celebration of his special day! My dad said this was the most fun he's had at a restaurant in a while, and this is a man who LOVES COMMANDER'S PALACE as his go to on his birthday! Finally, we have to once again give a shoutout to the manager, CARLOS! He checked in on us on a regular basis, and went out of his way to ensure my dad had a wonderful birthday dinner! Kelsey's birthday is December 10th, and she's ALREADY decided THIS is where she and her friends will be spending her day! Thanks again Carlos, Hector, and the gang at Fogo de Chao!It may be on the expensive side to most, but this is definitely a top notch restaurant that's worth every dime. The servers are so nice, the food is sensational, and the dining experience is upper echelon. Been twice and plan to go again.My husband, my two children and I frequent this place. Tonight by far has been the WORST of all visits. While all the tables around us were being served different cuts of steak by the dozen, we were twirling our thumbs. It's worth the mention we had been seated for a hour and had only received 4 cuts of steak, meanwhile tables that were seated far longer and even had desserts on them were still receiving meat by the dozen. We asked for a particular cut when our waitress finally did come over, only for the gaucho to come with two paper thin pieces of steak, which we accepted, only for him to go in the back a brag/laugh to another gaucho on how he served us the scraps! Asked to speak to a manager, he comes out and tries to justify the actions of the gaucho, instead of condemning the actions and rectifying the situation. Needless to say we will not be returning. This place is not the cheapest of dinners to be disrespecting my time and money. FOGO YOU HAVE LOST A LOYAL CUSTOMER! I know far better sh!t holes to squat at!I only went here because it was close to my hotel. It cost about $50 for meat and salad/appetizer bar. I don't like buffet type food places cause I can never eat that much. I feel like I do not get my money's worth. So I opted for the salad bar only. It was $25 still pricey but everything was good. Most of the wait staff was very and made sure we had what we needed but our original waitress seemed bothered by the fact I didn't want meat. I always leave @ least 20% or more. Which I leafy 25% this time l. I am not sure why it bothered her but I will not return to this location when I return.This place is the epitome of good food. The enthusiasm of the workers are inspiring. The workers were also very fastidious when coming around with our food. The only bad thing I would say would be it's  a little hard to understand what they're trying to give you. Their accents are very exquisite. Overall this place was idyllic.I visited Fogo for a second time for lunch and have to tell you that the lunch is a great deal if you don't want to shell out $50 for the full churrasco experience at dinner.
I always get too much stuff from the market table, but the items always look so good! I also made sure to try the feijoada last time, and I was definitely glad to have tried it, while at the same time resentful for the non-meat food taking up space in my tummy.
Everyone on the floor is super friendly and really trying to give you a great experience. My favorite meats are the lamb chops, lamb shank, picanha, ribeye, and pork ribs. So delicious!
I also felt a little less guilty pigging out during lunch as opposed to dinner, because I still had more hours left in the day to be active.
I'll definitely be back, I just don't know how often, cuz I need to be able to fit into my clothes.What can I say-excelent food-excellent service- and absolutely beautiful decor. I took a friend there for dinner and she has not stopped talking about it. I am 69 yearsold and have never experienced this quality of service and food in my life! Lynn, the host for the restaurant was amazing!
Linda Warren
New OrleansI expected more from them. Heard great things but dining here was not that impressive. Service was great but they didn't acknowledge my birthday when we put it on the reservation which was a bit of a let down. The salad bar was great and so was the yuca bread they send out. Meat on the other hand was not. The only meat I actually enjoyed was the crusted pork lion. The sausage and chicken tasted like alcohol poured over and the meats was just not seasoned good enough. Overall this restaurant was okay. Not worth $50 per person for dinnerfantastic, the best restuarant ever, my husband and i was in heaven, considering he's a meat lover, the cocktails were strong and not watered downwe can't wait to return there, it was worth every penny we spentGood food but experienced terrible service from what I hope was a new, inexperienced waiter.  Visited the restaurant with a group from work and I ordered a martini when we were seated.  It took 45 minutes for the drink to arrive! By that time, I had finished my salad plate and told the waiter to take back the drink.  I was nice about the delay and asked instead for the wine list.  Again, it took the guy a half hour to return!  I finally got one glass of wine more than half way through my meal.  Just goes to show how important good service is to the dining experience.   Oh, and based on this experience I'll go elsewhere next time I'm in the city.Thank you Fogo De Chao for an amazing Birthday evening for my amazing Mom!  Everyone from our waiter and his trainee to the meat people and everyone else who was working last night was on point. There was not one moment we had to wait for anything. There was always someone close by to help, or take a plate, or refill a drink, or even help you with your chair when you returned from the cold bar. Service was just impeccable last night.
Onto the food..... The cold bar is outstanding! There is such a wide variety of items on the cold bar you can literally make a dinner from that alone. There's a selection of roasted and fresh vegetables. The roasted zucchini and peppers were a personal favorite of mine. There is also smoked salmon which is amazing. Then you have your cheeses and marinated vegetables. I could go on and on because they do have a great variety of items to please just about anyone.
 The meats are cooked in the traditional gaucho method of roasting meats over an open fire. The meats have a nice char, and great flavor. There is such a  variety of meats available I could not even begin to list them for you, but I will mention a few standouts for me. I liked the leg of lamb, filet mignon, sirloin, marinated chicken, and the best of all for me by far was the beef rib. I literally could have just eaten the beef rib all night and been the happiest person in the restaurant, it's that good!  
For desert our waiter surprised my Mom with a molten chocolate cake with ice cream and the plate had happy birthday written on it and even included a candle. My Mom was so surprised and pleased she had the biggest smile, and it was a lovely thing to see. I could tell she had a great evening, and our waiter really made the effort to make it memorable. I don't know his name, but he did an awesome job last night! Thank you Fogo De Chao for an absoutly amazing dining experience and a special evening for my Lovely Mom on her birthday.If I could give zero stars for this restaurant, I would do it. Two words: FOOD POISONING. I had heard many good things about this restaurant, and so I took my boyfriend there for his birthday. The service and atmosphere were fine, nothing special but fine. The food tasted good. Towards the end of our meal my boyfriend's face started to swell up! His eyes swelled shut and we had to leave the restaurant. He does not have any food allergies. Later on I started exhibiting symptoms of severe food poisoning. I have NEVER had food poisoning before, I truly have an iron stomach. I was unable to keep anything down for 24 hours, and it took me a week to recover overall. I saw a doctor and was given an official diagnosis of food poisoning from this restaurant. If you value your health, DO NOT EAT HERE!