My second trip to Nawlins in 93, brought me into Frank's for lunch. My friend and I ordered the stuffed artichoke and muffuletta to share before we even knew what a muffuletta was (reminded us of a Schlotzsky's original but oh so better!).... and here we are 25 years later and it's still around!
Over the years, I have had muffulettas in several other places in town including Central Grocery which the sandwich originated down the block, I like Frank's the best!
We typically sit upstairs on the balcony overlooking the Joan of Arc statue and the French Market... or just take it to go and sit by the river! 
Enjoy the "MUST DO" sandwich while in NOLA!Not what you would expect. It was about to rain on Saturday afternoon so we weren't being particularly picky when the waitress told us to come on in. I started with somewhat low expectations. The stairs are carpeted, worn out and filthy. 
We ordered up some food that and I was a little worried that crab and corn bisque might be a little too fancy for this place but it was great, every spoonful was covered in fresh crab meat. Even though we all had to spit out a few pieces of shell, i just figured this is the price to pay for freshness. We split a 1/2 muffaletta and we couldn't believe it. The olive salad was incredible and stuffed with garlic, capers and other veggies. Even Chris was drooling over it and he was working on a gigantic meatball po-boy. 
Even though the service was fast and friendly, I may have to grab a muffaletta to-go next time.First let me say I was here during Mardi Gras so I am sure these people were ready to kill some tourist. We actually set at a table that had not been wiped down from the previous table who spilled water all over the place. They simply put a piece of paper down and here we go. The only reason we happened on to this restaurant was because the Central Grocery was closed. Central Grocery has the amazing Muffelata Sandwiches. I had 5 Muffelata virgins with me and I really wanted them to try one. We ordered up 6 and enjoyed them. They are no Central Grocery but definately pulled me through in the pinch. Next time through town I will try another part of the menu.Mediocre at best. I strongly advise against the shrimp or crawfish fettuccine, way overpriced. It tasted like it consisted of three ingredients.. Pasteurized cheese, seafood, and pasta.   The waiters were annoying to say the least, and kept on and on about how it is a family owned and run establishment.. Yeah right. Go take a look in the kitchen and see for yourself. What really solidified that the food was horrible was my boyfriend's opinion that the food was horrible. He eats everything and never complains about food. Save yourself some money and an appetite and think twice about eating here.I was very impressed.  I never would've have been at this place without the recommendation from a friend who lives in New Orleans.  In fact the whole reason I was there was for a rehearsal dinner.  They did an amazing job with food and drinks even though it was very clear they were not equipped to handle a party of our size.  The food was still great, servers were friendly and can't wait to go back without 30 other people.Good service but disappointing food. Shrimp po boy was ok but the bread was dry. The chicken Caesar salad was good--chicken cooked well. The upstairs balcony definitely made up for any shortcomings though and the spontaneous parade was a bonus!TLDR: Buy a jar of olive salad in New Orleans. Take it home and make a sandwich.
Showing my aunt around New Orleans, we decided to have a Muffaletta sandwich since we had already done the beans, rice, crawfish and beignets.
We walked across the street to Franks, beignets in hand and asked to see a menu. We were hustled inside by a man and seated quickly by a woman who scolded us for bringing in outside food. The owner, I assume, seated in the back corner counting money also warned us we couldn't eat outside food. We tried to explain that we had only wanted to see a menu but no one listened. The two who had worked together to seat us, went back outside. Two young men talked at the bar while we sat there without menus for about 10 minutes. A different woman came back to the table to ask personal questions. Where are you from, etc. then, "Are you ready to order?"
Actually, no. 
We asked for menus. AGAIN. 
Looking at the menu, we realized the websites prices (we Googled Franks while sitting there) have not been updated or they had given us an evening menu. If I were alone, I would have bounced. Mentioning price mortifies my aunt, and she was buying so I just let her take the lead. There were no drink prices but we did not specify an alcohol for "bloody marys". So, we assumed $5 - $7. The waitress talked my aunt into a Pims cup drink that turned out to be $17. Ridiculous!
A whole Muffaletta is huge. It is $17. A half is $10. The waitress tried to sell us two halves. I was like, nah. My aunts friend got a regular sub. The meats on both sandwiches were basically the pressed rectangle you can get at any grocery store flopped on some basic  bread and popped into the oven. The fries were hot but soggy and not done. The ENTIRE time we were there, the three of us sat in near silence because the SEVEN employees were gossiping amongst themselves so loudly, we couldn't hear our own conversation.
The tab ended up being almost $100 !!!! which is COMPLETELY ABSURD. They had added a gratuity for a party of three. Also absurd.My aunt paid the tab and extra tip but it was nowhere near good.Ok Frank's you are known for a muffalata.  But why why do you have to make yourself a tourist trap with no pricing on kids meals and not informing guests that you charge an outrageous 4 dollars and 50 cents for Really really bad French fries.    68 dollars for a shrimp poboy and a half muff and a kids meal with no alcohol.  Sneak in Auto Gratuity for 3 and  You should be ashamed...   Table by us ordered crawfish at over 7 dollars a pound late in the season too.    The famous Crawfish Town USA is way less than that robbery.The waitress was nice as was the doorman.
Owner/manager sat near door and acted as martinet towards staff. Then as we were leaving he stood behind the bar and picked his nose.
Some issue between him, the chef and delivery. Should not have been played out in dining room. 
Gumbo served Luke warm and not great.
Fries were so-so and not very warm.
Sandwich was pretty tasty.
Not someplace I would come again.Stuck in the French Quarter on a Sunday and surviving off of alcohol and beignet's? Central Grocery will be closed. Well then, head over to Franks and sit outside on their balcony and watch the people go by while you eat a vegetarian poboy or muffaletta! 
Mhmm, after searching the quarter for anything i could eat, and being offered fried alligator on a stick countless times, I found a place where they were willing to make a greasy, oily, crunchy, olive-y sandwich just for me. My bloody mary was perfectly made. My grams said the olive salad (which she had a different name for) reminded her of her Italian mother's cooking so she bought me a huge jar of it! 
The interior is decent with Venetian murals on the walls. I like that it has a typical FQ balcony to enjoy the fresh air and views. Our waitress was super friendly. And, we ate there on a Sunday so there were constant who dat chants. The downstairs tables are all facing a television so you won't miss your game. I saw bowls of pasta going by our table and I might try one of those if I end up hungry and stuck in the FQ again. Oh, and the two people I was with split half of a muffaletta- they each had a quarter- and were stuffed!We ate at Frank's last night and the food was awful!  Ok, so I won't even try to figure out Creole Italian, since there is no such thing except in NO, but we got basic dishes, Chicken Parmesana and Veal Marsala.  The chicken was overcooked to the point that most of it wasn't edible.  It was more like plastic.  The veal was okay, but the marsala sauce was more like beef gravy than anything else.  Take it from a REAL Italian!  To top it off, our waitress was not even close to pleasant; she seemed to have a chip on her shoulder and didn't even make us want to stay for dessert.  Then there was the mistake of having to use the bathroom!  I won't even go into the gory details, but it was the worst I'd seen out here yet!  I should have known better than to try to find REAL AUTHENTIC Italian food in the middle of a place where they can't seem to settle on any particular culture.....oh well, it makes for an interesting vacation, anyway!!Terrible service. The whole staff got into a fight in the middle of the restaurant. Once the waitress realized we were sharing meals, she got instantly upset and treated us with disrespect the rest of the time. Way to expensive for what it was. What a shame.My husband and I went to Frank's for an early dinner.  We chose to eat outside, on the balcony.  It was very nice and we had the balcony by ourselves.  We ordered the Caprice salad which was enough for the two of us to share.  Then I had the ravilolis stuffed with ricotta cheese and my husband had the chicken parmesean.  Both were very good, and my husband said it was one of the best chicken parmeseans he ever had.  
The service was excellent, and I hardly recommend Frank's.  You won't be upset.I ordered the 1/2 Muffalatta and shared it with my friend. I was surprised to see how big a half of a 1/2 Muffalatta was enough food for me. It was my first time trying the Muffalatta and it was good, I would recommend sharing the 1/2 with a friend because you get a lot of muffalatta for your money. The customer service was okay, not rude but not friendly. Its probably because the restaurant is located in a very touristy area. Overall our meal was good, I would give it a 7.5/10.The muffuletta is amazing.  Eat upstairs on the balcony with a view of the Joan of Arc statue.
This is not the high-profile place to eat in the french quarter, but we make it a point to eat there as often as possible. It's the authentic diner experience that we want, and the food is awesome.
Service was excellent.Strongest Hurricane ever... The muffelatta was delicious. A Saints game was on, pretty lovely crowd. The service was good and fast, not over priced. For a place in the tourist area, it was better than expected. Bathroom was a little grimy, beware!Trust me, have dinner here one evening. This is such a great place. It's owned by 2 Italian brothers who were both there that night and both talked to us. The place just has this really comfortable feel to it. Andy was our waiter and he was great!! We ran into him standing outside of Franks as we walked by on our way to the French Market to get a Po' boy. Andy told me that I could get a Po' boy inside of Franks that was 10 times better than what I could get in the French Market and for half the price so we decided to give it a shot. I'm so thankful that we did! The Po' boy (oyster and shrimp) was so fresh and delicious! We also had the BBQ shrimp which doesn't really have BBQ sauce at all but they were so good. I could have stayed there all night just eating those. The whole dining experience was good. I'm already looking forward to going back to Franks  the next time that I am in New Orleans. If you go, ask for Andy. Also ask for the Tiramisu. Andy made it and it was perfect!!You're in NOLA... So it's gonna be pricey almost everywhere for everything. BUT knowing that, the proprietors of restaurants in the French Quarter could up the quality in various areas to compensate, such as the food itself. 
The service and atmosphere was actually very pleasant and comfortable, and we very much enjoyed our time there. Although the food felt a bit slap dash. Most notably was the pasta sauce with the viscosity of tap water, kept splashing it all over my shirt when stabbing my ravioli. I'd go back again... But only if I could get a balcony table overlooking the street.This place is a typical tourist trap with overpriced, average food. The waitress persistently tried to push us to order the most expensive items on the menu and add sides that we did not want to our order. The whole experience was uncomfortable... and made me feel like she was trying to trick us into spending morethe wervice was terrible expresso machine was very visible they did not know it was there paid $13 for two cups of espreeso the cup was ssooo big and a drop of coffee in it. very dissapointed.Great friendly staff. Food real tasty and authentic. Great garlic bread, nice and spicy.  Definitely must try.Not a bad place to grab some New Orleans cuisine, but there are no doubt better places around.  
The service at Franks was friendly, and got even better once we mentioned that we were in town to gut and rebuild homes.  They do they standard NO dishes including po'boys and muffalatas, but you can definitely get better ones elsewhere.  I believe the waitress said that their best thing was one of the pasta dishes, so it might be worth checking those out if you go.  
Depending on the time you go, there is a good amount of space for groups (you need to spread out around multiple tables though).  
There is an upstairs eating area too, as well as a balcony.after our vampire tour, we were looking for a spot to sit and grub. We knew we wanted a Muffaleta and while walking back to the downtown area, we saw Franks sign, "The best muffaletas"- we decided to stop and give it a try. We were greated by a friendly man with a "Brooklyn" accent. (We will call him Brooklyn) He suggested some great local beer for our drinks. As he described the menu, it was as if you could actually smell and taste what he was describing. The group ended up ordering: 2 muffaletas, an order of fettucine alfredo and an order of chicken parmesan. Holy Mother of god...the muffaletas (half order) was insanely yummy and the fettucine was to die for!!! the service was excellent. the food was beyond incredible. Next time were in New Orleans, were making a stop at Franks :)We had heard that this was a great italian place to check out..... the only italian i saw was a big RATATOULIE inside the eating area ... yes inside !!! If the owner got insulted cause I got up and left he is just lucky I even decided to pay for the soups we had !!! Was there on 07/12/12Best Italian food!!!! The chicken parm was the best I've ever had. And the homemade cannoli & tiramisu was beyond excellent!!!! It's a must eat place!!!!!Disappointing food. Crab & corn bisque
tasted like canned milk. Chicken Picatta 
had a gummy cornstarch gravy. No
 recommendation here.  Save your money.This place was recommended for the mufaletta's. In hindsight, that is what I should have ordered. The food was mediocre at best. I did taste the olive salad which was pretty tasty. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant.muffaletta was great, the red beans and rice was great, the chicken picatta...not so much but i think it just wasn't our taste. the waitress was extremely friendly (if not a little slow...she took our order then hung out on the balcony chit chatting with another customer for a good bit before putting our order in). but all in all, it was a good experience.Excellent!
My husband and I agreed it was like walking into my Nanny's house.  The employees, the smells, the tight squeeze and elbow rubbing with your neighbors.  It's everything I love about going to Holidays with my large Italian Family.
You have a problem with that stuff, then you are missing out on excellent food cause that's part two.
EVERYTHING WE HAS WAS AMAZING! 
They where busy as hell.  This is Mardi Gras week people, and everything came out perfect, on time, and FRESH! We came back here again last that night, and has totally different eats, and they where awesome as well.  The waitress even remembered us, where we were from, and what we had before.  She had to have seen 100 other people in the 6 hrs in between visits, and she was just as nice and personable as before. 
They where putting people though the doors, and everything was great.
Fried Calamari-best I've had in years
Muffuletta- warmed just s little bit, and perfection!  How do I make this at home?!  I live in Cali, so sad.
Mixed drinks- excellent
Salads- fresh, light, happy, no skimping here
Later on - visit two
Po Boys - SAY WHAT!?  SO GOOD!!!  We had three different ones and they where killer.
The second time we went there was about an hour till they closed.  The Owner Frank has taken a seat behind us to take a load off. The employees where cleaning up, but talked to us like family. I looked back and asked Frank.  "Are you the owner?"  He smiled and said yes.  I asked if he was in fact Frank and he said yes.  The picture above the door was his father Frank.  I asked you seem it's been a hard day.  "Yes." He said, "18hour days for a few weeks now." Wow!  I told him his establishment was excellent, and we loved everything about it.  
Again, everything was excellent, and they had been doing this for weeks.  When we saw Frank locking up one night from a cab I wanted to yell out the window at him, "You're Awesome!". Just another excellent New Orleans experience.  
Bottom line. EAT HERE!Went there with a friend after the Molly's at the Market parade. An employee outside the restaurant trying to bring customers in, was talking to us about the food they served. He was nice and we decided to give it a try. Gosh, was that a mistake. The waitress we got was horrible, very rude. Our food was ok, nothing great. Way too expensive for the quality of food. Top of that, we didn't receive all the food we ordered. Honestly, we didn't care to tell her. We wanted to leave the place. Horrible service and not that great of food.Went here to get muffalettas for the trip home only because Central Grocery was closed on Sundays.  Decent muffaletta, but I still preferred Central Grocery's.  Staff seemed unable to deal with a crowd and it was interesting to see the sandwich guy getting into words with the owner.  Luckily I got my muffaletta's to go, because staying there would have made me feel more awkward than I already was.Well ladies and gents, I would skip this one in Nola. We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms and seafood gumbo as appetizers, and mussels  marinara and a half muffuletta for our mains. The stuffed mushrooms  were ok, but they weren't very 'crabby' and they were a little dry. The seafood gumbo was watery and bland, which included a shelled crab leg that was inedible. The pasta itself was meh, it needed some sort of seasoning. The mussels however were very over cooked. The olive  salad on the muffuletta  was over powering and the carrots left an off putting taste. 
On top of the hardly edible food, the bill included a 18% automatic  gratuity for a party of 2!! The menu states an auto gratuity for parties for 5 or more.
The only reason for the second star was the rooftop patio and the gorgeous weather.Worst Po-boy I've ever had. And the service was horrible. Not even close to authentic NOLA food.The star goes to Jack for being a gracious host. The food on the other hand was not good at all. The calamari was a very skimpy order for $12.95. Do not order the Hurricanes. It taste like juice that has gone bad from sitting there for too long. The chicken parmigiana had no parmigiana on it. The $24.95 shrimp linguini had no flavor and the gumbo lacked what gumbo has - taste. When the bill came and what should have been around $50 turned out to be $115 not including gratuity. Definitely goes on the list of a place not to go to in New OrleansOK place with ok staff.  The food was good and our gumbo bowls were filled to the brim.  The muffaletta buns were a bit stale and bready.   We ate on the outdoor patio upstairs and had great views of the market shops and "Jonnie on the Pony".  We enjoyed ourselves but won't be back.  Eat at the market across the street.We came back for dinner after having the best calamari at lunch time and were equally pleased. Shrimp and marinara over angel hair pasta was the freshest I have ever tasted. The crawfish fettuccine Alfredo was full of delicious crawfish.  The red beans over rice was excellent.  An order of BBQ shrimp had the best sauce and a full portion was amazing,  so many shrimp and Italian bread to soak up that delicious sauce. Andy, our waiter (both for lunch and dinner) was so helpful and pleasant. He couldn't have been more accommodating. Thank you for a very enjoyable evening (and lunch, too). We highly recommend this place.This place was a disappointment. I was walking around the Jackson Square/French Quarter area, and wanted to get a quick bite and get out of town. I thought what better way for a fast New Orleans meal than a muffuletta. To be honest this was my second choice. The Central Grocery, a few doors down, was out of sandwiches. The muffuletta here was not bad. If I were to just rate the sandwich, I might give it three stars. The olive spread was the best part. They had a lot of jars of the stuff all over the place. I wish I had seen the brand name. It was good. But the whole experience was soured by the service. I was seated quick and the sandwich came out pretty fast. I was seated up front at a small table near the front door. Once I had my food, I never saw my waitress again. That is until she handed me the check. So, I ate the entire meal with an empty tea glass. She spent most of her time laughing it up with a big table in the back. They may have been friends or big spenders, I don't know. She didn't even know I had my food. She walked by my table and looked down at plate and was surprised I had eaten. Then she handed me the check, didn't say a word and went right to the table in the back to joke around some more. I wanted to get a cannoli for dessert, but I was never asked. I would have liked a refill of tea, but was never asked. I wondered if they sold the jars of olive spread, but was never asked if I was ok, if I needed anything, or how was my meal. My Mom was a waitress and managed a couple of restaurants. Good service isn't that hard. Especially for a place like this. Unfortunately my waitress was busy having fun at another table. I wish I remembered her name. I waited a while to get change back. Finally, with the change in my pocket, I was able to get close enough to amount owed with giving her a five cent tip. That was too much. But I didn't want to wait any longer. I will not go here again.We went to Franks to satisfy the desire to eat a muffuletta. However, when we left Frank's it was with a lighter wallet and a bad taste in our mouth. 
The bread on the sandwich was harder than a box of rocks. The waitress kept trying to upscale on alcoholic drinks and couldn't take no for an answer. #WeAreNOTDrunkTourists
The sad thing was the po boys did NOT include a side e.g. $13.95 for a hoagie, 1 large leaf of lettuce, one small piece of lettuce, two slices of tomato, and 9 shrimp was highway robbery.  To add insult to injury, the side of 20 fries was $4.50. 
The only reason why I would rate Frank's one star was for the $9 Bloody Mary. 
The worse of the worse was when the waitress lied and said we shorted her $20 on the bill. The only reason we just paid and left was because we had to go to the airport. 
Save your time, wallet, and tastebuds snd just go to Local Grocery 2 doors down. More locals were going there.You don't have to wait in line at Central Grocery. Go next door to Franks and get an authentic Italian muffaletta. We went on a locals recommendation who suggested that Franks was actually better than CG. He was right! Mine was amazing. So glad we stopped in here.Today we had the sweet potato beignets! Wow! They were awesome! Please try these soon. Biscuits are always good and breakfast has plenty options.Went with a big group (10 guys). We all tried something different and we all enjoyed.
I had the crab stuffed mushroom appetizer, along with a bowl of seafood gumbo and fried crawfish. Mushrooms and gumbo were out of this world. The crawfish was good but not great. Definitely worth another visit when I'm back.Our trip to Central Grocery turned into a trip to Frank's (since CG is closed on Sunday). I had my mind set on a Muffaletta and Frank's was decent. I got the $7.50 half Muffaletta. The whole is $12. The semi-plump fries were good too. 
The service was good, with a simple decor. I liked the upstairs area with a few tables on the patio for a nice Sunday morning bloody mary.The line at central grocery was too long so we decided to try out Frank's.
The muffaletta was tasty, and I would probobly be back for more next time I'm in town.Filthy, mediocre food, overpriced!! We almost walked out, we should have walked out!  I'm all about trying the local hole-in-the-wall places but this place was nasty! Where to start...the chairs, sugar packet holder, handrails, floor, all covered in a layer of grime.  I shudder at what the kitchen must look like if these were the common areas that the customer see. Then there was the food. It was mediocre at best and way overpriced. I've made better jambalaya from a box mix at home. Our waiter was nice, but even the lady at the front door who was all smiles while trying to get you in the door to eat, was kind of a b**** when we left. My husband said thanks and goodbye to her as we left and she barely acknowledge him. She looked right at him and kind of grunted a responce. Needless to say we will never be returning, and I highly recommend you don't waste your money. If I could give it zero stars I would.Really disappointing. The pasta was flavourless and the shrimp PoBoy was extremely dry. Not to mention the 18% compulsory gratuity they cheekily requested at the end - for only 2 people! 
Very over priced, bad food and unfriendly staff.If this had been my first experience to the food of new orleans I would not be back. Over priced and everything tasted as if came out of a box mix. Will not recommend.  terrible red beans and rice ,  gumbo had no flavor nor seafood or meat and the jumalya was just red rice.Our concierge recommended this place for Italian.  Don't know why, go somewhere else. It was dead when we arrived. Our server was kind of abrasive and handed us everything to pass our instead of placing it in front of us. She even handed my mom her plate that was very hot, reaching over the table and saying "watch out your plate is hot". 
Bread was ok, caprese salad was,dexent. I had the snapped jack and let me tell you, it was rubbery, smelled old and had a sour flavor. For $30, this dish was not worth it. I had to cut my fish with fork and knife. You should never need a knife with fish. I couldn't stomach more than 3 bites. I sent it back and they took it off my bill. 
Frank's looks like a place that used to be good a long time ago, but is overpriced and underwhelming.Who knew that Central Grocery store next door would be closed on Sunday?  I was dying to try out a muffaletta, so we ended up at this restaurant next door and I was really glad we did.  We shared an order of the muffaletta and it was absolutely amazing.  Now I really wonder what the real thing next door tastes like?! For about $15, you get a big muffaletta cut into 4 pieces... I don't know what it is that makes it so good.. could be the kalamata olives that gave it a tangy taste to it.. who knows.. all I know is that it was sooooooooo good!Muffaletta to go was ok, but not great.
Popped into this spot which looks like it should have the greatest Italian fare in all the world. Frank himself was sitting near the bar and made his people hustle to get me everything I could possibly want.
I want to go back here one day soon just to sit and enjoy a great pasta meal, as it that's what others in the dining room were doing.
Yet, I was there on a mission: to secure a muffaletta sandwich to bring back to a hotel room for my family.
Alas, the muffaletta is a weaker example of the art than are others with which I'm familiar. The olive salad was really quite good, and the meats not so bad. But the bread was way too thick yet lacking any special character or taste. Even though the sandwich had been heated as I asked, it still lacked a sense that it actually had been heated through. 
It served its purpose and kept the family sated for the evening. But, it was really too expensive when others of better quality can be had nearby.We just left this restaurant and are so disappointed that I wanted create this review. However, it looks like I don't need as there seem to be similar reviews!
Anyways, we ordered fettucine alfredo with meatball side, ravioli, combo gagliano, and a cup of gumbo.
All of which were sub par at best. The fettucine alfredo was bland and the meatball side barely livened up the taste. Ravioli was good, but the sauce is tomato sharp. Combo Gagliano tasted like seafood seasoning or Tony Chacharee. Gumbo was actually okay, but I would be surprised if it was fresh. 
The prices are FAR too high for the quality
The service was terrible. We had fries delivered to the table we didn't order, the bread knot didn't make it to the table, so we had to cancel. Then the waiter placed 2 other table's orders on our check. When we said we did not order this, they took the receipt and brought it back without any changes! So talked with someone else and got the check straightened and then she charged the 18% gratuity for mardi gras. However, we convinced her to remove the gratuity because everything was terrible. 
Absolutely recommend going to another restaurant and force this place to hire better servers, reduce their prices, and/or improve the quality of their food.You think this would be a hot dog place by the name but nah. Just really good Italian food. The customer service was the bomb. Like really. I've never been treated so good at a restaurant before! And the food was perfection. I got the roast beef sammy with the French dip and some stuffed artichoke. Yo, it was tasty. Balcony seating on a beautiful was cool too. I recommend fa sho.We are a party of seven, the waitress serving us was very rude! She was moody, disturbing, at one point she kicked the door next to us, banged plates and rushing us like we would be troubling her to work. Any order we placed or ask for information about, she criticized saying we were "wrong". Guys next to us got their dessert on a same plate because they run out of clean plates? They run out of napkins for us, the bill couldn't be split, and payment by 2 CC cards only. The topping cherry was that this waitress was forcing us to leave a 20% tip because we were a large party. (?) Never experienced such thing...Anyway, the food was ok, but sadly we left  with a bad feeling after being treated with such hostile attitude.It was bad. Really, Really bad. 
Apparently there are very few places open on a Sunday where one can get a po boy. Since we were leaving town on Monday at 5 am, we were a bit desperate. My brother and boyfriend and I came here after Johnny's Po Boys and Central Grocery were closed. 
My brother got a shrimp po boy, which at least was better than what the other two of us got (once again proving that frying anything can make it delicious). The roast beef po boys were HORRIBLE. The bottom half of the sandwich's bread had disintegrated due to the roast beef juices, the top half of the bread was kind of stale and hard (tore up the roof of my mouth eating it).
My boyfriend housed his sandwich because he was hungry and just wanted to get it over with, tasting the po boy minimally.
The shitty po boys were pricey (roast beef for $10 and shrimp for $13) and came with no sides. Overall dining fail.The food was very low end Italian, the tomato sauce was too sweet and the pasta gloppy, the service was terrible and our waitress/manager was pushing us to the most expensive dishes when you could her attention. Bigger tip I guess.  If you go avoid the ground level.Got "hooked in" by Joey. Super friendly guy and quite a salesman. 
Food was outstanding. Crawfish was seasoned just right. Mufaletta sandwich was the best I've had and was big enough for 2. 
Service was lovely. Our waitress made us feel at home and was more than happy to chat about NOLA. 
Definitely worth a try if you're in the big easy.Charming place. The first thing you notice walking in the door is the smell of olive tapenade and muffalettas. We ordered a margarita to go, but we said we would be back. Today we had lunch on the patio overlooking Decatur. Danielle was super friendly and the food hit the spot. Thank you New Orleans for the hospitality! Thank you Joey!aggressive folks out front trying to lure away the folks in line at central grocery next door. My pal is picky eater, so just waited in line while I ate my yummy yummy Central Grocery muffaleta sandwich. Then we went into Frank's. Staff was friendly and convinced us to order the "handmade" hurricanes. Very tasty cocktail but NOT very strong at all, so we were a bit surprised to see the $10.50 price on our check, but their prime tourist location allows for it, I guess.
Her salami sandwich was tasty & heated...melty cheese for the win!
I just got the tossed salad, which was a kinda sad plate of iceberg lettuce, topped with shredded carrots & red cabbage with 2 tomato slices & 3 cucumber slices. Decent balsamic dressing. It was $6.
So, it's a fine option, but in a city with such amazing food, don'twaste your time.My first Muffulletta!  I searched high and low; Yelp & the concierge at Hilton Riverside New Orleans both gave it high marks.  What can be so good about a deli sandwich with Tapenade?  No mayo?  No mustard?  Come on!  Being a huge foodie, I knew even with all the reviews, it all boiled down to me.  I ordered it.  I watched him stick it under the salamander and then walk away.  And he helped other guests, and he invited guests in, and he entertained the crowds with his quick wit and stories.  And I waited.  Watching it.  My Muffulletta under the salamander.  Calling out to me.  Johnny poured drinks, checked the tables, flirted a bit with the ladies... and all the while, the Muffulletta warmed up, slowly, surely, patiently.
It was the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  Johnny, the waiter/part-cook/bartender had insisted I buy a whole one ($15) instead of a half, because, believe him, you will want it again.  And I believed him and he was right!  I even had to repackage the 1/2 when I got to the hotel just so that it could fit in the tiny refrigerator.  Oh, and Johnny was also right about the tiramisu.  Wowza.  It took a while for the coffee to arrive, and if you want a serious, punch-you-in-the-stomach-while-punching-you-in-the-taste-buds coffee to counter the sinful tiramisu with imported lady fingers, then you've come to the right place.  They honestly care about what you put in your mouth.  
The doorman guy, a pretty common fellow, was upset that he couldn't "bring in the crowds" or whatever.  It was 8pm on a Wednesday evening.  He complained to Johnny,  Said the "F" word over and over and over and over again from across the room.  And over again. And again.  Did I look like someone he could say that in front of?  My hair was combed, my clothes were ironed, my diction was professionally-trained, my credit card was good...I heard Frankie tell him to take the day off tomorrow and come back Friday.  I hope the guy uses that day off to get a decent job.  At a gas station.
But Johnny was glad I was there.  Johnny had become my best friend.  And the Muffulletta had become my best sandwich.  I have 4 more days here in NOLA for my vacation, and I already know I won't buy another Muffulletta anywhere else.  Why bother?  Once you've had the best, take comfort in it and move on, climb the next mountain.  Franks' Restaurant was a total winner.Great cocktails, good service,  and good food. We ordered the chicken parm, oyster platter, and calamari and really enjoyed it.There's bad food, there's bad, over priced food, there's bad, overpriced food served with utter disdain for the customers in a restaurant devoid of atmosphere and with a bathroom that has the cleanliness of a gas station. The fact that this place is even still open in a town like New Orleans which has some of the best food in the country is shocking. There is no excuse for this restaurant. Everything was terrible. Frozen, tasteless french fries, the worst Muffalletta I've ever had, garlic bread that was worse than the stuff they served in my elementary school cafeteria. The bloody mary was decent. Go elsewhere. Even if it's a horrible downpour and you are getting soaked and want to get out of the pouring rain. Go across the street to one of the food stalls in the Frenchman's market. Not even one star. A total ripoff.Food was mediocre at best. Service was awful. Waiters had the personality of a dried up leaves. They fought amongst themselves in front of patrons, creating an awkward atmosphere. Given all the awesome food spots in NOLA, don't waste your time (and especially your money) here.Worst experience of my life!!! Unfortunately the food looked wonderful but we walked out without paying. I have never done that in my 60 years! The waiter was so rude. He screamed at us, talked very loudly to other patrons about us, swore at us, and just treated us so awful!!  One of the ladies in our group asked if garlic bread came with the entree. His response was "if you read the menu you would know that it doesn't ". When the food came I asked if I could have a napkin and silverware as I was never given any. His response was "your silverware is in your napkin if you would look". I told him that I never received any and he went ballistic!! His name is Mark. If he is still there I hope you don't have him as a server. So unprofessional!!!  He screamed at us and swore at us as we were talking to the manager so hopefully he is no longer employed there.My husband and I stopped in New Orleans on our way to Texas and he really wanted to try the gumbo New Orleans is famous for. I prefer to search yelp but my husband wanted to be adventurous. Bad decision. We were lured into Frank's by a women on the street promoting the restaurant. I was intrigued by the upstairs patio that overlooked the french quarter. My husband ordered the gumbo he had been craving and I ordered meatball sub. The food was disappointing to say the least and now my husband appreciates my yelp addiction, lol. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is for the view.Seven of 4 and I stumbled upon Frank's Restaurant because Central Grocery is closed on Sunday's and we craved a muffelatta for breakfast.  The service was great, the red beans and rice were awesome, the bloody mary was even better, and the muffelatta was fantabulous.  I would recommend place to anyone.We were cold, and the nearby famous grocery store wasn't going to cut it for lunch. I still wanted a muffuletta, and a guy in front of Frank's was trying to chat people in to the restaurant. So we headed in...
We sat down, and I checked in via Yelp. I also started reading reviews, and I started to get worried. Here we were, just like so many others, eating here by default.
Well everything we had was great. The muffuletta was huge and fantastic. Between that and two cups of soup we easily fed a family of four. The gumbo and corn and crab chowder were both delicious. My sister raved about the shrimp po'boy, since in her opinion the shrimp was perfectly cooked.
I didn't remove a star for the prices. They were high because we were in a high tourist area. Expect $10-15 / person easy. I took off a star because the decor, chairs, etc. felt old and tired. Otherwise it was great.Thus is the place for creol shimp gumbo.   The best in the city.  You can see this family. Own restraundhe hard  working staff and the great effortCame in to try the muffuletta and I wasn't really blown away to be honest. I mean for what it is, its a good sandwich. But this isn't an Italian sandwich and if I didn't have to have another one every again I wouldn't be upset. 
If you've never had one though, this isn't a bad spot to try a muffuletta. Lots of meat and a good flavor on the olives. Not sure if I would get anything else on the menu though. 
Wait staff is a little crass and not in the funny. I was immediately ordered to sit down at the front table while the owner was two tables away talking loudly on the phone discussing business. Then it appeared as if the owner and one of the waiters started to fight. Not really up to the New Orleans standards of food in my opinion.Do not eat here, terrible food matched by worse service. We had a party of 12 and the cigar smoking jerk behind the counter wouldn't get off his staff long enough to let them work. The food was awefull, nobody could finish. Do not eat here, New Orleans has many other better options available.The food is decent for fast food or a chain, but this is supposed to be a real restaurant. Nothing was bad, but nothing was great either. We tried the gumbo and fettuccine alfredo.  The price for those basic dishes was reasonable, so if you want a quick lunch, that is an option. However, if you want anything nicer, the prices suddenly double for no apparent reason. I think I would sum it up with this: It is a decent tourist trap. In New Orleans,  there are many better places to go and also with better prices.I am giving this one star because the food was actually good.  That is the only positive thing I can say.  The waitress got the appetizers incorrect to start with, then when we had questions about another dish on the menu, we didnt order it, yet 5 minutes later it was delivered to the table.  She asked a member of our party if we wanted bread which is usually free any other place you go, unknowing that they charged $5.00 for a few pieces of bread he said yes.  Then when our bill came, the itemized bill had an entirely different tables order and didn't match the amount on our receipt. So a $30 tab ended up a $60 tab. Don't go in when the front door person tries to get you in, if you do be very careful what you order, and check your bill carefully!This restaurant is not worth your time. It is completely geared toward toursists, who have no idea what muffuletta is. We had to wait 45 minutes for our food when the restaurant wasn't even crowded and they forgot our appetizer. The waitress took my water glass to fill it up and never brought it back. The po boy was just ok. I think there are better places to spend your money at.A must stop spot!!! The ambiance was great, the food was even better...delicious! Kathy provided is with amazing service, even my service dog, Ranger, was well attended to. He got cool water and spoiled with some homemade salami! Our meals were great. My barbecued shrimp was the best I've had. Whenever I'm in NOLA, I'll definitely hit the French Quarter to eat here and say hello. They made us feel at home.Lots of fried food, mostly also microwaved. The carpet upstairs has a layer of food on it, I sat next to a smashed meatball, I think. The fries were just barely cooked. It's a tourist trap, I was lured and fooled.Absolute garbage. Got the order wrong, dirty old oysters, terrible old salad swimming in ranch. Avoid Avoid Avoid.Very good food. We got an oyster poboy and a half a muffuletta. The half can feed two people!! It was excellent. The bread was fresh and crisp. Great service, too. Definitely add it to our list of places to go!STAY AWAY.   Shame on me, I should have looked at Yelp before I grabbed something here.  Yelp had it right.  
I will start by saying that I know better to get crawfish in the quarter.  That said, I ordered 4 lbs of crawfish on my walk back to the hotel on a trip to Nola.  Got to the hotel and half of them are bad, rotten and rancid.  Tails were curled, so they were live when they hit the water, but were clearly not fresh and had seen better days.  Called to tell them they were bad and he offered me another pound; a nice gesture but don't want more of the same.  Beyond that, I was out of luck.I ignored the bad reviews and tried this place anyway... and it was freakin' awful.   trust me.   if central grocery  is closed, still don't go here.   it is absolutely filthy.. flies all over... and the muffaletta is tasteless.   worst food experience in 14 years of coming to nola.
The muffaletta tasted like it was made with cheap american lunch meat...even the cheese was tasteless!    
Our  waitress was actually very nice...and service was good.  But that didn't change the filth and bad food.     We got there right when they opened and there was still food and debris all over the floor from the night before.If you like good service, good food, clean atmosphere DO NOT ..I repeat -   DO NOT go to Franks!!! 
We wanted to go to the Italian place down the street which we were told PRIMO YUMMO....  however hungry stomachs could not wait the two hours for a seat at 730pm on a Saturday night.  We thought next best would be Franks ... NOT ....
My friend who is Italian said the food was not good version of Italian food.  She didn't know what they were doing to the food.  The stuffed artichoke was more like a blooming onion with stove stuffed stuffing on top.  Beware NOT to ask for additional balsamic vinaigrette unless you want your lettuce swimming in the vinaigrette.  The bread was nothing more than hamburger buns buttered with some herbs.. you get 2 full buns for $4.75.  What Italian place doesn't have fresh Parmesan cheese?  A BAD ONE!!!
Be sure to ask for exact prices when ordering.  Watch out, you might get charged a fee for asking for chicken on your fettuccine ... a $10 fee.  Had we known it was going to be the same price as the shrimp fettuccine, we would have gotten the shrimp NOT CHICKEN.  On top of that find a long hair in your pasta after you have already eaten more than half the dish.  GROSS!!!  You think the owner/wait staff would be accommodating and want to fix the issue.  HELL 2 THE NO!!!!
The wait staff tried to pretend she didn't see the hair.  Where is the hair?  Then she finally took the dish and we asked to talk to manager.  Then she comes back saying nothing she can do and since my friend ate the food she has to pay ..Really like any one of us would have eaten the food if knew that a hair was swimming at the bottom of the plate.. would anyone?  Then the waitress says that the manager/owner doesn't want to talk to my friend.  My friend asked where the owner was and that she would go to him to speak.  After several repeat requests to speak with the owner the waitress pointed out a drunk guy at the bar and said that he was the owner.  The drunk guy gets really rude with my friend and then find out he was not the owner.  Once we found the owner he made racial comments to my friends.  Yes my friends were black SO WHAT!!!  
The waitress decided to charge us 12.95 for the dish with the hair AND a $35 tip.  I suspect the waitress took back the receipt to add the gratuity.  
So in a nutshell - this place will suit your needs if you want the above experience.  Otherwise stay far away!!Our first time to New Orleans and came across this gem.  Waiter Andy was very attentive and made us our very first poboy sandwich. Delicious can't describe it enough!!!  Definitely worth coming here!!  Good luck learning to surf in Cali this summer, Andy.Mediocre service, and sub-par food.  We walked in and asked for a table for 2 and the staff behind the bar and waiter or host all laughed and sent us upstairs to ask for a man but there was only a woman working upstairs outside smoking that didn't see us for a few minutes. Ordered the cheese ravioli, pretty sure the sauce and ravioli both came from a freezer. I've tasted better canned ravioli. It was so bland it was hard to eat. The garlic bread that we got appeared to be stale bread that they toasted and buttered but it seemed quite dehydrated and hard.We thoroughly enjoyed the mufallata, vegetarian po' boy, calamari, hurricanes and bloody Mary's. It was Mardi Gras and Brenda our server was able to quickly and personally take care if us even though it was very very busy.  The cannoli was as good as any my Italian mother in law makes. We recommend Frank's!Central Grocery is closed on Monday's, so a local store owner said to check out Franks which is just a few doors down. She said it was just as good and she was right.  Things were a bit chaotic, since it was busy, but I have to say the Muffaletta sandwich was fantastic. We got a few po' boys and a Muffaletta and just shared it all.  I love the fact that there are real locals working at this restaurant.  You hear the local accent and get a feel of what the real New Orleans might be like.I had two friends come in to town to visit from California.  I was showing them around Decatur when we got hungry.  We were 'crabbed' in to eating at Frank's by the gentleman walking back and forth on the sidewalk who would later be serving us.  My friend explained how she was a strict vegan and the waiter, Andy, assured us that they would be able to accommodate.  He was kind enough to show us the pasta  which he retrieved from the kitchen as we waited outside.  It was obvious that business was slow that day.  With the 1200 restaurants operating in New Orleans, I am curious about them, so I made the executive decision to risk it.
I had a half muffuletta with a side of fries.  It was ok, but the muffuletta was luke warm.
The service was ok until we got the bill.  The issue pertained to an entree we had ordered.  As we discussed the details of the bill with the manager we drew a lot of attention from the staff.  The manager, who was doing payroll at a nearby table, opted to knock $3 off the entree in question.  As my friend was signing the revised bill the staff began to crowd around us.  I couldn't help but feel in a hostile environment.  My friend left a respectable tip and we were offered the comment "have a nice life" as we left the restaurant.  I interpreted this as very disrespectful, especially towards my guests staying in the city.
I've lived in New Orleans for almost 2 years and haven't had such a negative dining experience.  I will not be coming back to eat at this restaurant and I sure as hell will not be recommending it to my friends here in the city and my future guests.  I should really give Frank's a 1 star rating, but the server did put in the effort to accommodate our party.Well we walked all the way over the Central Grocery for the muffaletta sandwich, which was supposed to be the best in town but to our dismay they were closed. But they had a sign on the door directing people to Franks so we thought well if its the second best then we better get one since we were leaving the next day.  We were welcomed and seated promptly.  Service was friendly and quick there were many things on the menu I would have liked to try but we were on a mission so we got a whole sandwich and shared it.  I wasn't a fan the bread was too big and dry for the size and amount of filling in my opinion but the olive spread was good.  There was a bit too much oil on it so the last piece the bottom bun was soggy since it sat in it while we all ate our first pieces. I did get a cup of the gumbo but it was too salty for me and the flavor was too fishy.  My friend was drinking and said the drinks were good and strong and they put her last one in a styrofoam cup so that was nice since it was cold out and she didn't want to carry a cold drink. So nothing to compare this to I would say it was OK on the food but the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about their menu.I don't like olives, but I liked the sandwich. We even bought the mix as a gift. Very friendly staff. Casual atmosphere.I found it hard to believe they have been in business this long. The servers seem intoxicated and a few possibly tweaking. Rude service that insists your unhappiness with their food is your fault. Red sauce has the consistency of watered down ketchup and the owner has the worst attitude of the lot. Don't expect much when you go here to avoid utter disappointment.Can you give half a star? No joke, I had the chicken alfredo plate, bur seriously can I get some pasta with all that creamy sauce!? Waitress was rude too! Still hungry as well. Guess I'll get a lucky dog from the streets.This place SUCKS! The food is bad, the service is even worse.  We were actually uncomfortable asking for anything from our waitress as she made us feel like we were inconveniencing her.  The only thing that was actually ok tasting was the crawfish tails and only because they're deep fried so it's hard to screw that up.  The Bloody Mary was garbage, the big ass sandwich does not live up to the hype, the jambalaya was dried up and stale, you have to ask at least three times for a glass of water.  Worst part is that it's way overpriced. I have really nothing positive to say about this place other than it's very close to better food... just keep walking.  You'll have a better experience and food at a hole in the wall daiquiri shop.... I believe it's called Willy's! But Thumbs down on this place in every way.  RUDE, GRUMPY, TERRIBLE FOOD AND SERVICE!!Tetanus shot with every meal!!!!! The only reason I gave this place two stars is because the Muffaleta was pretty good. 
We had a Muffaletta at Central Grocery the day before and decided we wanted to try out some others to see who had the best.
That's what brought us here.
I had the unfortunate opportunity of sitting at a dirty little table that was facing the kitchen and I can honestly say that the only thing more disgusting than the kitchen was their unisex bathroom, but not by much. The amount of filth was unbelievable!!!!! You'll want to scrub down with some sanitizer after touching anything and everything in this place.
To top it off, our server must have forgotten to take her meds that morning and was touching us and muttering to herself the entire time. Then she kept giving us other tables bills.
Unless you have a strong stomach and are up to date on all your shots find another place to get a Muffaletta.Ate here last May (2011) when the line for a muffuletta next door was too long. While our waiter was attentive and friendly, the food was awful. Starting with an artichoke appetizer consisting of badly seasoned stuffing mix to a bland muffuletta and a gelatinous pasta dish, this was among the worst food I've ever eaten in New Orleans. The food additionally was pricy. 
I can only guess this place stays in business from one-time, unsuspecting tourists.Great place real close to everything, nice bar, great service and we split a half muffuletta and it was amazing. Very fresh and the taste was off the chart, they made it fresh for us. We were surprised how it filled us up and my wife had a nice cocktail and I stuck with water because I was the navigator in NOLA. Check it out and you can sit down and relax.These guys were working so hard on Mardi Gras day. They had a line and they communicated quite well about expected wait times. They apologized profusely (yet unnecessarily as the wait wasn't that long). This was southern service even on the most stressful day of the year.
The food was solid, not amazing. We had gumbo and the muffuletta. The sandwich was great- good olive spread, great bread. The gumbo was fine but not amazing.Wow. What can I say about the muffaletta from Frank's? GO HAVE ONE! It was honestly awesome! Had it along with the shrimp appetizer and that was insanely good! A lot of work because the shrimp still have all the parts and shell, but all that work definitely pays off!Wanted a muffaletta for the plane trip, but Central Grocery is closed on Monday, so I ended up here.  I think Central Grocery's is better, but this is a close second (and on Sunday/Monday, they're the only game in town for a cold muffaletta).It's really a shame that Yelp doesn't have a negative star system. To start, their muffuletta is advertised as being "world famous", unless it is world famous for tasting like trash, than this is a misconception. I would only recommend this place to a person who is looking for an alternative to a laxative or vomiting solution. Furthermore, try not to fall for the Tom foolery when the gentleman outside says their prices are competitive and cheap. I paid $20 for one of their "world famous" barf bags. Next, the atmosphere and service was distasteful. It looked like a place of money laundering for the mafia and the servers could care less about you. As the saying originated here in the big easy, "I wouldn't touch that place with a 10 foot pole".Welcomed by warm friendly staff and introduced to a sunny balcony upstairs.  It was a beautiful day and off we went.  We started this dining experience with the seafood gumbo.  Only had a cup but it was filling and delicious.  Then I ordered the shrimp BBQ that came in a bowl filled with HUGE shrimps floating in a delicious spicy sauce layered with several large cuts of fresh bread.  The shrimps were cooked perfectly and I could have sat all day dipping bread in that scrumptious sauce.  My lunch partners were happy to share bites of their muffuletta which I had never tried before and oh my it was fantastic.  Fresh cold cuts on fresh bread topped with olive salad.  This combination just delighted my taste buds and I will make sure to try this again the next time. So I certainly recommend Franks should you want a fantastic lunch in the French Quarter.Frank's is awesome. You have to meet Joey and Cathy. They are so loving and fun. The bbq shrimp are fantastic. This is a must stop for folks in the big easy.We found Franks by just walking down the street. They have Johnny, a family member, calling attention to the Restaurant. We decided to try it the next day. 
At the hotel we asked about it, They didn't have high reviews...  Loving Italian food we went anyway. Thank God! This was the best meal I had. Kathy, our waitress was amazing. She made me a sangria, because that's what I wanted! She also created the cocktail sauce. It's thicker with less horseradish, but AMAZING.   If you are going for atmosphere, don't bother. Plane for fast turnover, with 2 floors of seating. They are typical (lol) Italian family, and once in a while, an F bomb well sneak out under their breath. Don't let that scare you.... It isn't loud and you can take your kids. The food.... Uhhhhh the food. In NOLA BBQ shrimp is not bbqed. It's the sauce... A buttery sauce. We had this in another place but this was definitely better. Not salty. Really good!  I had a special, craw fish, shrimp, and Snapper on bed of pasta. The snapper, although breaded, just MELTED in my mouth. We actually saw them bringing the fish in on ice while sitting there. It was Delish. I didn't eat much of the pasta but it was good. We finished with teramisu. Another family recipe. Much lighter with less coco powder. It was fabulous. Especially after a heavier meal in a warm climate... This was perfect.  
An underestimated gem. I found the prices to be a bit high as the bulk was $100.oo for 2. Adding $38 for liqueur. That's the only reason they didn't get 5 stars. I'm also NOT comparing it to Chicago food, but for there.... It was my fav. With that said,  it was enough and carried us through the day without that bloated feeling. 
I'm jonesing for that snapper right now!! 
Note: we had been told by many that it isn't that great of a place.  In my opinion it appears that they steer you in other directions that I do not understand. We went to one of the hottest spots where ppl waited up to 2 1/2 hours in line for food that was only mediocre. Give this a shot, Especially before trying Coops.I had to do it.  I finally went to Franks for a muffaletta.  There was something like a 15 minute wait to get a seat on the balcony, but it was well worth it because the weather was pretty awesome.  
I'll start with the service, everyone was really friendly and casual, even though it felt like Franks had only hired female servers who looked like they could beat me up.  Anyway, They were pretty quick with everything and even let me bring in the bootlegged drink I brought with me :)
The muffaletta was awesome.  I only got a half, and it was as big as my face.  I was able to eat it all and a cup of gumbo, but I mean, I'm a big eater, and I was treating this as my hangover cure meal.  I'd say the best part of the muff was the olive salad spread.  It was so fresh!  I'd say the worst part of the meal was my gumbo, which was $5.50 for a cup, but it was tiny, and the shrimp in there weren't very good, but hey, that isn't what I came for.
Overall great experience, couple of extra things.  They were super accomidating to our table.  My friend wanted just a chicken breast, nothing else (weird, I know).  They ended up bringing him two and they were delicious and only $6.50 total (way better deal than the gumbo).  However, at the table next to us, the waitress told them that they couldn't order a muff because Franks was all out and that I had ordered the last one.  Ok, that made things really awkward for me, because I had just started eating mine, and I had to deal with longing stares from my neighbors the entire meal.  AND, as we were leaving, we saw like three more tables get muffs.  Looks like the table next to us got poned.  Sad day for them.Outstanding meatballs and marinara. Menu has something for everyone. Lots of seafood, pasta, steak, salads, sandwiches. Outdoor/balcony seating available. Server and Chef very hospitable.
Yum.If you are Italian and have ever had a stuffed artichoke and loved it, get down here. Frank's has the best stuffed artichoke since my moms house. I lived here a long time ago and was so excited to find that they still made them. It was freaking delicious.
It's always a little hot in this restaurant, so I got to go. She packed it up nice with napkins and wet ones, and I went back to my hotel and ate this masterpiece. Yum. Thanks frank's.Italian bread baked by locals outstanding, locals run this place, Creo with talian flair.Good food. Large portions. One of the few places on Decatur that offer some vegetarian options (besides just salad).Ate here for lunch, it was raining so we ducked in for a Mufflatta because Central Grocery was closed. It was anything but spectacular. The sandwich was good but my step daughter had chicken parmesan and the chicken was pretty overlooked. My cup of seafood gumbo had a shrimp in it but was well below New Orleans standards.  My wife and I had drinks and they tasted as if they had no alcohol in them at all, we even complained to the waitress who insisted they did because she made them herself. It was ok I guess but for $75 I would expect the food to have been a lot  better!  Would not return when we come back.  On a side note the server was pretty nice but seemed a little off. It just wasn't good, that pretty much sums it up!I love the chicken Alfredo, it was delicious but couldn't get peas added to the meal, my fianc had the shrimp gagliano and I had some of it and I must say it was the most fenominal shrimp pasta of my life but we where charged for every refill which was over priced and our waitress downstairs was really rude the entire time and rarely ever checked on us.We ordered the muffeletta which was good since it was toasted...not sure I've seen that done at other places.  Service was pretty bad.  Others that came in after us were serviced prior to us...even though it appeared we ordered the same dish.Stopped in for a quick lunch not really knowing what to expect. We went with a shrimp poboy and stuffed crab poboy. Food wasn't too bad, both poboys came dry but server offered sauces on the side. The crab cake had a good flavor and were pretty thick.
The food we ordered was just okay. However, while walking out we got to see the muffuletta and that looked delicious! I'd go with that if I were you.
Our server was a young girl who was very nice and attentive. There was another server there doing the other half of the upstairs and he was a little weird. He looked like he wasn't feeling well and even made it a point to say it out loud. It looked like he either had a long night out on bourbon and was still on something that afternoon OR he was suffering from a bug. Either way, it was weird yet entertaining for us.
The place and food have potential but I think (with the exception of our server) the staff is what really ruins the place. The manager is rude to his staff. One of the servers or line cooks (not sure) told him the dishwasher was broken and he didn't even want to make the call to get it repaired, the server had to do it. How can you help the staff when the manager is the root of the problem?This is the first place I ate after arriving in NOLA for the first time, and it was AWESOME.  We got to sit out on the balcony and just drink in Decatur St and the Market and just all the people milling about after 4:30pm on a Wednesday.  My first shrimp po-boy was soooo delicious, and Hubby loved his catfish po-boy.  I also tried a bit of Frank's garlic hot sauce, which made my shrimp taste just that much better.  Our server also made us a REAL hurricane (which was delish) after I walked in with my Pat O'Briens to-go hurricane, which was pretty watered down (but at least I can say I had one from there, right?).
Ahhhh, things just started off right for us and set the tone for our wonderful six-day stay...I would definitely go back for the po'boys.Ducked in to Frank's for a late lunch!  It was like South Philly/New York meets the bayou!  The BBQ shrimp were delicious! We shared them and the muffuletta! Both were really good and the muffuletta was enough to share. Being from the Philly area it was a nice little spot to grab a lunch and feel like home!  The have tiramisu and cannoli!  We were stuffed and couldn't try either, but it was a great little place.  They have balcony seating and the owner was super friendly!  My husband got a little BBQ shrimp sauce on his white shirt and she offered up some cleaner so the stain wouldn't set!  Nice small town feeling in a town of tourists!!Franks restaurant made me feel like I was inside an episode of the Sopranos, so alright, five stars.
I will gladly explain myself, and elaborate on my decision to call this the best Italian meal I have been served.
That is a BOLD statement.
Traveling by myself through New Orleans I found it necessary to make local friends and get good recommendations on where to eat. I was referred immediately to Franks, when I told people I love italian food, and especially sandwiches. 
Franks did not disappoint. I am embaressed to admit the amount of food I consumed, but could not give an accurate review without divulging the truth, so here goes:
Johhny Mancuso, my handsome, charming host was just too good to be true. He recommended the Muffaletta sandwich, and mentioned also how good the chicken parmesan was. 
I ended up having a glass of pino grigio to accompany both! See, he's a PRO!
Yes, there were plenty of left-overs, including a divine capellini in red sauce and delicious garlic bread, but still, the service is what knocked the ball outta  the park, so to speak.
Everyone at Franks is a true gem. Johnny, Frank and the rest of the crew will make you feel at home. I sat there in the restaurant watching Johnny glide his way across the dining room as James Brown sang in the background: "I got soooooul, and I'm superbaad..."
It just doesn't get any better than that.I'm not sure why this great restaurant has some bad/mixed reviews. This was a highlight of our New Orleans vacation - the food was amazing, the service was spectacular, and we got to eat out on the top deck with a pretty view of Decatur St! My husband had a plate of the crawfish and he loved it. We even bought a bottle of the Frank's hot sauce to take home - it's top notch. Would definitely return here again if we ever get back to NOLA!Local atmosphere is very cool. Food was very New Orleans and very good. 
Food came fast and refills came quickly, but it was on a Tuesday night. 
Overall, fun time. Was not disappointed.the tomato sauce is INSANELY sweet. like off-puttingly sweet. dishes were otherwise okay. calamari was soggy. way better options in new orleans.This is a great family owned restaurant they have local favorites and Italian too , the owner Greeted us as we walk in , they have been open over 50+ years , I could eat my weight in the crab and lobster soup.Great food, great service, genuine New Orleans local!  Best kept secret of New Orleans!Keep  walking. Dropped in without checking out. Service ok, cold sandwich  poor. Ham just pulled out of package and placed on bread $11.   Go to Subway for better quality. Bloody Mary and Hurricane  plain and not worth $21.Overall, bad experience. The waitress was not polite at all. The sprite was bad and when I told her she was irritated I was asking for a new one. The food was very bland. The crawfish tasted like rubber. The gumbo was tasteless. The waitress refused to bring us a receipt before we gave her a card to pay.If I could give Franks no stars I would! Ate there yesterday with a friend, because we were craving italian and wanted to enjoy lunch on a balcony overlooking St. Peters. The scenery was about all we enjoyed. We ordered a tossed salad (which was not tossed) and a meatball sub, and the bill was $24!!! The meatball sub came on untoasted bread and had no red sauce on the meatballs or the bread! It was ground up greasy beef with bland flavor that is easily rivaled by the $5 footlong at Subway (Subway is actually much better)! Our waiter was super sweet and chatted us up while we were waiting on our food (thanks Ridley), but I would definitely recommend skipping out on this restaurant! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!They get one star because I can't give a zero rating. However, if I could, I feel even that rating would have been too high. I was looking for anything to take out and a parking spot opened up right in front of this restaurant. I parked, went in and saw a waiter smoking at the service counter. He saw me, and immediately walked into the kitchen. A large woman started yelling from somewhere in the back, "just one?"  I yelled back, "can I place an order to go?" She said yes and directed me to the counter.
There was a young man on a private phone call behind the counter. I asked him if I could place a to-go order. He never acknowledged my question but told the other person on the phone that he would call them back. He hung up and then grabbed a ticket pad and Pen and then just stared at me. I asked him if I could get a menu. He walked to the other end of the counter, grabbed a menu and literally threw it down the counter to me. He then stood there while I skimmed the menu. 
I chose the roast beef po-boy. He huffed, turned around and at that point the phone rang. He answered the phone turned to resume the conversation he clearly had to abandon due to my interruption. I looked at him to see one hand holding the phone to his ear and his other hand holding his....ahem....
I didn't stay.We casually walked in while exploring the city and figured we would give it a shot. The food is alright, I had a shrimp poboy and my wife had a shrimp carbonara. I would normally give it the stars, but the service was good so I will give 4. Make sure to ask for Andy, he is great and quick! The best part was that the restaurant was not very busy and we were able to sit on the second floor balcony overlooking Decatur street and the statue of Joan of arc.  Great spot for people watching! There is also an outlet up there if you need to charge your phone while you eat!
FYI is pricey for the quality of the food. This is the reason why it didn't get five stars from me.We were told to "Go to Franks" by people on the street when were looking for a place for a late lunch / early dinner, We noticed on their menu "Celebrating Our 50th Year Open" , since 1965.  Wish I never ran in to those people now.
We were seated quickly and were given the option of inside or balcony seating.
We ordered sweet tea with orange or lemon and things took a downward spiral from there. The waiter starts this huge story of how much things cost the kitchen and how much stuff is wasted like oranges in our tea cause they have to buy 25 lbs of oranges to make two slices and so forth and so on. So we do not get oranges or lemons either. I asked how large the whole Muffaletta was and the waiter did not know , being the "Birthplace of the Muffaletta"  you would think he would know so to be safe I ordered the 1/2 Muffaletta.
This was the worst sandwich I ever had and by no means should a restaurant in NOLA ever serve this mess as a Muffaletta . The bread was toasted to almost burnt.
There was one very thinly sliced meat layer stacked so thin the Wendy's Lady yelled "wheres the meat" from her grave. One layer of sliced cheese , olive spread so thin I think they only used 1 olive. Bread was cold and toasted and meat and cheese were cold. Not good at all and the bread was so bad I ate the meat and cheese without it.    I asked if you had a choice of potato chips with the Muffelatta and was told that there were would be no chips served and also got a lecture on potato chip and food cost , restaurant spending costs again so I ordered french fries for $4.95.
For $4.95 you would think they could send you a plate of fries but not at cost saving Franks, I got maybe 12 to 15 in small cup with a napkin it to fill out the space in the cup. No seasoning at all, no salt, nothing special , no ranch dressing , no cheese , hardly any fries.
My wife went traditional Italian for her menu choice at Franks, but made the mistake and asked if the pasta was fresh made, and yes we had a whole new lecture about high prices and food cost all over again. She was even told she would not know the difference anyways in fresh or dry pasta.
She finally gets the House Special the Shrimp Gaglliano over Angle Hair  (dry bulk store bought spaghetti noodles)Pasta.  It was not good either, no side salad but another lecture on savings and lettuce prices ( I did not know we were going to a marketing class for restaurants while having dinner.)  Her dinner was served in a large bowl with noodles (over cooked and mushy) with a browned "butter oil" sauce and 6 small to medium shrimps that were sauteed in a pan. No seasoning either, no garlic , herbs , spice nothing, a whole lot of "butter" and she asked for bread and had to cut the waiter off in mid lecture again and just say yes or no to the bread and he said we could order garlic cheese bread.  No thanks since she wanted plain and maybe toasted but it would be too much trouble so no bread.
If you have read all of this I am not the person to complain a lot but when the food is this bad and the waiter is too knowledgeable about what it takes to own a restaurant, I must post a review of how bad it really was. I will go back to New Orleans but never will I "Go To Franks".We were hot and tired and had a ghost tour to get to by 7:30. So we wanted to eat some place and not wait too long on a Friday night. 
Here is Franks. We talked to the lady inside when she coaxed us to come and eat there. She was friendly. The menu was an array of Italian and New Orleans food. I was not too hungry so I chose the caprese salad. My Mom got the stuffed artichoke. And my friend got spaghetti and meatballs. 
Our hostess was disappointed in our order. It was not the $70 meal she wanted us to have she kept trying to upsell us. Bread, alcohol anything. 
Food was just okay. Caprese salad was small, not a lot of flavor and no basil. Not worth a portion for $13. Artichoke was large all breadcrumbs. Not too much flavor but more worth the cost. Spaghetti and meatballs rather average. Except the sauce was spicy and the person who ordered it hates spice. 
So all in all there is much better in the French Quarter. This place is not 1 of them.Stopped in this place because the restaurant next door was closed & I was too hungry to look on yelp before placing my order. 
I ordered the Ricotta-Stuffed Ravioli & my sister got the Chicken Parmigiana. Firstly, they use zero spices. Zero. Not even salt. The food portions are large, but taste like what I could make at home except at home I at least salt the food  
The chicken was okay, noodles bland. Pretty much all the food was bland. 
The waitress was friendly but kind of hovered over our table & seemed kind of grumpy or something. Almost like she thought I was going to stuff the table into my purse (if I had been carrying one). The chef(?) kept making cracks about my shellfish allergy (har har). 
Also, they don't offer grated parmesan. -_- 
Basically, I gave it 2 stars to be nice - and because the bus boy was nice, but I'll never eat here again for sure.Food took FOREVER.
There are much better places to eat in New Orleans. Trust the reviews. On a plus side, our server was pretty friendly and nice though appeared to need more training. The facility is a bit dirty inside and that was immediately off-putting but decided to give it a chance anyway. 
My fettuccine Alfredo wasn't bad. It wasn't hot, nor was any of the food of the 7 others I ate with, but the sauce and noodles were decent. As a dish, not bad.
That said, don't think I'd go back.over the years, I'd only been to Central Grocery for a muffaletta.  This year (Nov. 2012) I decided to try Frank's.  The sandwich tasted pretty much the same between Central's and Frank's.  Except that I found the service way better at Frank's for my 'to go' sandwich (not pre made like at Central) and boy were they friendly and helpful at Frank's.  I'd definitely go back and for my next plane ride home, this will be the sandwich I'll be bringing back with me from NOLA.I'm from New Orleans and Frank's is my absolute favorite place for a muffaletta!  I've eaten a million of them and Frank's does a great version. I know everyone says eat a muffaletta at Progress Grocery down the street because they invented them, but Frank's is so much better!!  I'm a confirmed fan!!Again we went because central grocery was closed.  The muffuletta was good though. Others in my group had ravioli which they said was fine.  They had a nice venue and good service. Nice guy out front to reel us in.  Nothing wrong with the place but nothing amazing.Food was bad. Service was rude.table was cramped. And the owner came in and berated his employees in front of customers and told staff to "get these people out of here!" Referring to the customers. Sorry I ate there. Won't ever again and recommend that no one else eat there either.5 stars is for their hot toasted Muffalatta!! Get it with extra salami! Pickles on the side were perfect addition!! We were recommended to this place for their hot version of the sandwich!! Hot sandwich was outstanding! Place is small, very small tables, and menu and service is short/friendly and to the point... which was fine for what we came here for.. They do have outdoor balcony dining in a beautiful location, but was closed when we came.Marginal at best. Calamari was tasteless, po'boy bread was was stale & there was very little inside it. With so many other good places in the area, I'd pass this place up.I try really hard not to bad review places. The one star is for our pleasant server. I ordered the oyster po boy and it was as close to in edible as I've come to in New Orleans.Food was not good at all. Silverware, glasses etc need a major upgrade.Do Not go here...I felt like I was on an episode of kitchen nightmare!!! Service was horrible, felt very rushed and our food was slow to come out, a lot of commotion goin on in the kitchen(cursing).Some people walk out because they got in an argument with the waiter, no one seemed happy being there. Food was terrible and not worth what they chargeMuffuletta WAY better than CG. I bought CG before we went to franks and brought it in my bag. We sneaked bites to truly compare. Franks toasted sesame bread makes a huge difference. Side of fries were boring & limp. Would've loved Cajun fries to accompany but just go for the muffuletta. Everyone upstairs ordered it. Not the cleanest environs but service was great.Older lady who was our waitress seemed to be drunk. She took one drink order at a time and would walk to the bar for EACH order. The first drink (a sazerac) came out in a dripping wet glass that was cracked! The second drink, a glass of wine, was served in a champagne glass severely undercutting the amount of liquid in the glass....my friend felt cheated but was still charged $8.
There were boxes of liquor stacked in their main dining room. A large group of diners were waiting to be seated and there was some sort of loud disagreement near the front door between the bartender, our drunk waitress and one of the members of the group. 
It was all just too bizzare and we decided to leave instead of risking dinner. The drunk waitress questioned why we wanted to leave.
Scary experience.Came with a group of friends since the line was long at central grocery.  Luckily I saw the reviews and opted to just drink vs eating there.  Buddies ended up getting muffulettas and crab cakes.
The crab cakes were all breading then sauced to mask the lack of actual crab.  Overpriced as well and the waitress kept trying to push more food/drinks.
My buddy put it on the list of restaurants to never go back to again.We went here to get a muffaletta for lunch. We were hoping to go to Central Grocery, but when we arrived they were closed and found this place next door. The olive salad part was pretty good, but for some reason the sandwich was still pretty dry. The bread was my biggest problem. It just didn't seem like traditional muffaletta bread. I also think that it was overpriced (I think it was $14). Next time it'll be Central Grocery or Napoleon's.Terrible service, waitress brought out full Muffulettas for all three diners, knowing halves or even quarters were plenty and we would never get through it. 
Hid costs of drinks, didn't bring them until reminded twice. 
Best to avoid, many better options nearbyFranks Restaurant is a treat.
As someone who lived in NY and travelled extensively to Italy - I love it. 
This is a classic Italian Restaurant with some of the best specialties of New Orleans.
The BBQ Shrimp is even better than Mr. B's.  I said it... and I mean it.  Way better.
The patio upstairs looks over the French Marked and is my favorite spot in the Quarter.  Frank is a kind hearted, hard working guy and his staff is hard working and equal parts delightful and eclectic.On one of our trips to NOLA. We saw this little spot on the quarter. Its pretty small, maybe ten tables. Never heard of a Muffaletta before so I had to try it. My love for deli wouldn't allow me not to. 
The bun was the size of my head. The bread to meat ratio might be a smidge off, but the salami was so very good. The Olive salad was great! I'm not a huge Olive salad fan but, even I liked it. The sandwich was slightly warmed. The bun was what I would consider, french bread in bun shape lol 
The waiters/owners? were quite interesting. That alone made it worth the trip. 
I had two others with me and they had red beans and rice. That was actually pretty good for a Italian deli in the middle of the french quarter, but then again... You better know how to make red beans and rice in NOLA. 
They have their Olive Salad for sale in the deli. So, come check it out.Steer clear! I just got done working here. I quit after two and weeks of nonstop chaos and disorder. There is no sense of food safety. They keep they're sauce's in painters buckets, literally some from the home depot. Nothing was dated until I got there. They didn't even have an inventory system in place. The management skills are nonexistent and the waitstaff, baring a handful, are a real joke. Biggest violation is the cross-contamination, raw chicken is cut and pounded on the salad station. No food grade sanitizer what so ever, even looked at me blankly when I asked them to order some.The food is great, but if you're a person that likes professional wait staff...this may not be your cup of tea.
Service wise, it's kinda like walking into someone's home.  Every one is friendly (for the most part) but they (managers included) have no qualms about arguing with each other and discussing personal matters across the dinning room.
I find it kind of charming (coming from an Italian family where this is the norm) but I can see where it might bother others.
The food never disapoints and we make it a point to eat here at least once during every trip to New Orleans.Should've trusted the reviews. This place is awful! I had high hopes. Came here to grab lunch with my family since we are here visiting for the first time. Let me start with the mess upstairs. No tables set up, no organization whatsoever. I ordered the crab stuffed po-boy with fries. So the food now...the waiter brought the fries about 10mins before my po-boy came. I mean who brings fries without the sandwiches? It's not an appetizer! The "crab" stuffed po-boy was just a piece of fried fish...no taste, NOTHING. I had to add ketchup to it to make it taste like something. I ordered a hurricane and the waitress said best in town...haha that's a joke. It was literally just juice. 
My dad ordered the spaghetti with meatballs just average. My sister ordered the chicken Alfredo just average too. Well..the best part is that mom ordered food too...but she never got to eat since the waitress said that we never put in an order for her...what!? 
Funny thing is that I eavesdropped on the table next door and they messed up their order too. 
Well I guess we won't be coming back and neither should you.If I was rating this place on Muffaletta's alone, it would be worth 3.5 stars.  However, this place as a whole is so bad, 1 star is generous.  
First, this place is absolutely DISGUSTING.  We sat at a table that had dead cockroaches underneath it.  The restaurant hasn't been cleaned or dusted since it opened.  If we hadn't already ordered our food, I probably would have walked out.  I still can't get the picture of the dirty kitchen out of my mind.  
I had 1/2 of a Muffaletta and my wife had the Shrimp Po' Boy.  The Po' Boy was a joke.  The shrimp were sickly, the tomato and lettuce looked like it had been sitting around for a week, and there was no mayo or aioli.  The Muffaletta was good, although the bread took me by surprise since it was a lot more dense than I was expecting.  
The service here is horrid.  Very unprofessional, rude, and obnoxious.  All of the servers were fighting amongst each other which really puts the patrons in an uncomfortable spot.  Bottom line, there are sooooo many great places to eat while in NOLA, don't waste your time with this dumpy tourist trap.  
PS: Hold your breath and close your eyes if you have to use the restroom.  I'd rather go in a port a potty.  
Pros: Muffaletta
Cons: Dirty, Bathrooms, Service, Po BoyMuffaletta sandwich was killer! Service was ok. Place is a bit dingy, but if you like muffaletta's, this is your place.Muffuletta is ginormous!! This sandwich can easily be split my 2 people. They also serve it warm whereas Central Grocery serves it cold. Personally, I like Frank's better. Calamari was delicious as well as the muffuletta. #noregretsBoring muffaletta. Day old bread. Huge portion. Cheap lunch meat.
Forgettable.  If Central is closed, save your cash and go elsewhere.If I could give zero stars, I would. First impression was actually good, the restaurant is cute and the menu seems appetizing. When my group and I ordered, one of my friends tried to order a chicken po boy (not on the menu, but he got it the previous time) but the manager declined his request to add chicken tenders onto a po boy. It's whatever, the server seemed nice so we just let it go and got something else. The calamari we ordered as an appetizer was rubbery af (even tho the server literally said "I promise it's not rubbery"). Again, I let it go because she said she didn't personally eat seafood so how could she know? Anyway. Entrees came out, everything was terrible. My ravioli was actual rubber, the jambalaya was dry and looked like it had been microwaved. We sent it back and ordered something else instead. Once again, we let it go. We're just trying to have a good time! Then it was time for the checks. Since my friend had subbed the fettuccini for the jambalaya, it added $7 to her bill which the server had failed to tell us when she asked for a different entree. My friend then told the manager that it wasn't cool for them to not tell us that the fettuccini was almost $10 more expensive when they recommended it. The manager was a grade A ASSHOLE and tried to get angry at my friend and our server. He ended up taking $3 off but then added $3 to the gratuity amount (that had been evenly split between us) so he was paying $8 instead of all of us paying $5. He once again, complained. The manager refused to remove it and had no reason for charging him an increased gratuity amount. As we're getting ready to go (we just wanted to get tf out) our server is muttering "I can't do this. This is crazy. I can't" like who says that in front of customers???? Wtf. We go downstairs and the employees are literally TALKING SHIT about us!!! Talkin bout "keep that dudes info cuz his card declined" (instead of just telling him and asking for a different payment method) and then calling my other friend difficult bc he paid w cash and card..... like really.? Have you idiots never worked in a restaurant ? It's not rocket science. Ugh. So while we're downstairs, the server and manager are arguing like INTENSE. Super unprofessional, but we weren't really surprised at this point. Well the server ended up quitting bc of all of this. I feel kinda bad, but at the same time this is such a poor establishment. It's managed terribly, the food is DISGUSTING, and they have NO customer service skills whatsoever. The ppl next to us literally witnessed all of this and got up and left the restaurant. Moral of the story, DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE. $40 for a terrible service and nasty ass calamari and ravioli. I should have just bought chef boyardee.Oh man, where do I start? My boyfriend and I decided to eat here with his daughter because we tried it last time we were in town and it was amazing! This experience was SO FAR from amazing. We requested the balcony as it was a nice evening out. The door leading out to the balcony was shut with a chair propped up against it to keep it shut. We started to move the chair because the person downstairs told us to just go head and seat ourselves. The waiter for that area was putting some food down at a table and said "wait for me please" so we awkwardly stood there while he took his time talking with the table, walked over to another table, introduced himself to then and then finally opened the door to for us to find a table. Things went down hill from there. He was inattentive, and defensive throughout. It was like he was brand new to serving. Perhaps he was. Everything was done in this sort of slow, non methodical manner. I couldn't tell if he was a slow, unorganized person or just didn't really care. When it was time for the food to come.  He brought out the dishes one at a time. He brought the wrong food for my bf (which was prob not his fault unless he put it in wrong). We were annoyed but still not frustrated yet. What can you do? Right? Well the server was gone for like 5-10 min, brought out the second meal, said nothing about the meal that had to be remade and went back inside for another 15 min. He then came out and brought some garlic bread which we thought was nice and then walked away. When we looked at him he said "I'm not being inattentive, or giving you bad service. I just have to keep the door shut so the heat doesn't get in." We said "that's fine, but where's the rest of our food?" He got defensive and started talking about how he's so busy and the kitchen is working as fast as they can and the restaurant is busy for them. By the way, there were prob 5 tables sat in the entire restaurant. Our server only had 3. One 10 top and two 3 tops. As a former server I can say that that is very doable. Also why be a server at a place where 3 tables is busy? You wouldn't make any money! His excuses and immediate defensive tone sent us over the edge. He then said "well you shot yourself in the foot for sitting in the balcony, cuz I have two tables in there." EXCUSE ME?! You NEVER tell a customer that bad service is their fault. My bf ended up waiting like 30-40 min for his food. The rest of us were long finished with our meals. He brought us the ticket and we saw how he had one of the meals comped which it should have been. We also saw that he charged us for the garlic bread we did not ask for. Turns out it wasn't just a nice gesture. My bf went outside at this point because he was going to lose his mind. When I went to settle the bill, pointed out the charge for the garlic bread and he almost seemed like he hoped we wouldn't catch it as said "oh we'll have to take that down to the manager, just a second" after a long pause. I went down to wait for him with the manager. When the server asked her to remove the bread he said to her "this table....yeah I'll tell you about it later and explain." Again, I used to be a server. I know that this means he will make it seem like we were total assholes and nothing was his fault. So I called him out in front of his manager and quoted what he said about us sitting on the balcony. I am not one to stiff a server on a tip because I know how much it sucks but I could not tip someone who was rude, made excuses, and was inattentive. I could handle the food messing up and even see how the long wait wasn't his fault but the lack of communication around the food followed by getting defensive and rude when we asked were the food was, is not cool. I can't even with comment about how we shout ourselves in the foot for sitting on the balcony. We will never be going back there again which is a shame because their Alfredo is pretty good! If they want to keep their business, then they need to get some better servers. I haven't served for 10 years and I could have taken over his tables and mopped the floor with him, all while smiling the whole time. It's what you do when you're a server. If he has just said "I'm so sorry about that. I'll get that to you as soon as possible." We would have been fine. My bf even offered to just take the wrong meal but the server said no! He was like "let me make sure this isn't supposed to go to someone else." Okay, everyone knows that once you place a plate, you cannot serve to someone else!!!! He did send us with a complimentary chicken parm (the original dish he brought out that was wrong) which was totally the same dish! Total nightmare. I can't even write about it an organized manner. I'm still so irritated with the situation.It's ok. The Muffuletta was really good. The service was good. Definitely didn't feel to clean. Beware of the super tiny bathroom downstairs under the tv.Great little place.  Excellent staff.  Forget about the place you have to stand in line, come here.  It may look small but the intimate atmosphere is worth opening the door and giving it a try.Wow, the best service!!! The food is absolutely amazing! The Po' Boys are so good, but the barbeque shrimp is the best I have ever had. A must!!!The only reason this place is getting one star is because you have to give it any stars. We ordered four pounds of crayfish, to take back to the hotel and eat. As soon as we got to the hotel and opened the box, a nasty raw fish smell overtook the lobby. The crayfish were rotten, old and absolutely terrible. Hotel staff even commented on how terrible they were. I would not recommend wasting your time.Waitress was very rude to us.  Some food was OK, but we got a cheeseburger for my son that was way over cooked.  Beware that gratuity is included in the check no matter how many people are in your party. There are many better restaurants close by that I would recommend.A friend of mine made sure we visited Frank's since she'd loved it once before. Unfortunately, I think she overhyped it or something because I left feeling like something was missing. My crab cake po boy was a disaster and I left most of it on the plate. Salty crabcakes on white bread, no sauce - really? No remoulade? it was too much and not too much of a good thing. 
I taste tested their shrimp fettuccine alfredo and it tasted good, rich, and creamy, stuff they raved about. I ended up putting some of their sauce on my poboy which livened it up a bit. The staff were nice and Frank's cousin or something came to the veranda to chat with us too, which was a nice touch. The veranda porch overlooking the French Quarter gave us an excellent view and was a perfect picture spot. 
The bathroom downstairs is weird and made for a very short tiny person, which both of those kinda fit me but still was awkard and in a weird place behind the cash register and boxes. The place is a bit rundown and need of renovations, not sure I'd go back but glad we came in general.I thought this was a nice surprise... Sat upstairs on balcony and had drinks ( great bloody Mary) and lunch with a view ....was great !Very poor service from a gentleman upstairs. Cold food: muffuletta and meatball sandwich cheese not even melted. Could not get drink refills. Would not go back. Went Sunday the 24th. Should have gotten street food festival foodThis place was terrible!! The server was rude, and she liked to ask normal questions like "would you like fries as your side?", but she never pointed out that she was increasing our bill as she did so. By the end of this excursion my bill was through the roof, and she tacked on 18% gratuity for herself after this stunt. She could probably smell the lack of tip coming her way. By the end I had to shell out over $100 dollars for terrible service and mediocre food. I urge you to go somewhere else in this townMy brother and I noticed Franks while looking for a place for a quick lunch.  Didn't know what to expect but we decided to go in.  It turned out to be one of the best lunches we had in New Orleans. The shrimp poor boy could not have been better.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly (really).  The meatball sandwich was hands down the best. It had that old world flavor that you just can't find anymore. The meatballs were tender and the sauce was out of this world. I wish I could find this sandwich in Chicago but you just can't.  Not like this.  Not overly pricey and not overly fancy. It was perfect for the French Quarter...Franks was good but beware of them trying to over sell you?it was late so we really didn't care and didn't want to look any further..it was a good experience but nothing over the topI've always said you can't get bad, or even mediocre food in New Orleans. I was wrong. I'm giving it a star as a bonus just because we could sit down right away, we were hungry and the menu looked like what we wanted. Should have seen the shortage of customers as a clue. 
The food was "serviceable". My friend enjoyed her soup, anyway. The female server/bartender was surly. Maybe she is tired of everyone telling her the 1/2 muffuletta is ungodly huge, but she doesn't have to chastise a person for not finishing it. The bread was stale anyway. There were 2 tables occupied. The other table had a friendly waiter who was super-enthusiastic on the up-sell attempts, but alas we got the grouchy one.
Their bathroom is not something to look forward to either. There is a latch at the top of the door, gentlemen, please use it and maybe lower the seat when you're done?
Don't waste a meal in New Orleans on this place.Ordered the Italian sausage po boy. It tasted like dead dried dog meat for $11 i can get cat food that taste better.Hurricanes were good and killed the much more famous Pat O'Brien hurricanes. It's pricier, but they actually use juices. Did not eat here so I've got to plead the 5th on that.Tourist trap, plain and simple. Pasta was watered down, coffee was terrible, and service was pushy.We liked this Muffaletta better than Central Market. Bread seemed fluffier and they heat the sandwiches. A full bar, comfortable seating and good AC are additional benefits.This was a great accidental find. It's across from the French Market. It has a nice balcony sitting area with a view of the Market Place. It is an old build and it shows but the food was outstanding. The chicken Parmesan was so good and the meatballs were delicious. Our waiter was great. I wish I caught his name but didn't. We got to meet the Chef as we were leaving and he took the time to talk with us. He was a very nice guy. The prices are very reasonable for the French Quarter. I spent more at Willy's Chicken Shack than Franks and there is no comparison. Check this place out when in NOLA.We finally settled on Franks and wandered in. The staff service was less then desirable. Ordered the roast beef poboy and half muffetta. All though both sandwiches were decent the atmosphere was not enjoyable. The server dropped ketchup and take accessories right where my plate would go - awkwardly strange. Every visit to the table she said nothing but slapped things down in annoyance. Would not return here. $42 wasted.If you are going to have a very fattening Muffelatta this is the place to have it. All fresh they must server a thousand of these a week. Waitress was very nice. It's a little small but they have an upstairs so don't worry if you peek in the door and its all full.HUGE muffallata! Enough to eat for DAAAYYS...
Fast, friendly service, and they make the sandwich right there for you, and customize it as you like. I just went with whatever they recommended, but he was more than willing to change it up to suit my tastes.
I think I would try it warmed up next time. The melted cheese would just make it tastier...Looked inviting so we went in. Staff was friendly. My mother is a vegetarian so she ordered a salad. The waitress said she should order something else because the guy prepping the salad doesn't wash the lettuce. Umm...weird. Waitress suggested the cheese ravioli which she ordered and was good. My co worker and I ordered the chicken piccata. It was HORRIBLE. The pasta was over cooked, chicken was a strange white color and all of it was drowning in a waxy, lemonish substance. I took two bites and couldn't do it. My co worker also didn't like it. I sent mine back and choose not to get another meal. Co worker got new pasta with red sauce which was so so. Another thing I thought was weird was when we said we didn't like the dish, the waitress grabbed a fork and said she would like to try it and ATE OFF OUR PLATE! When the bill came I checked and my $20 meal was on there. I asked it to be removed and she refused! I was shocked. Stay away from this place!We tried this place on a recent visit to NOLA, and, to be honest, the only reason we tried it is that Central Grocery was closed. We were craving mufaletta, and Frank's offered it, so we took a chance, to get out of the rain and have a bite before our walking tour of the Marigny.  
The mufaletta was DELICIOUS!  If Central Grocery's is supposed to be better, then I'd really like to try it -- b/c Fran's was finger-lickin' good!  But the service was bizarre.  It was as if they'd just bought the restaurant the day before and were figuring out how to seat people and take orders.  Lots of cussing among the wait-staff when they realized a table had not ever received any attention; the guy in charge of assigning tables was a hot mess with no idea how to have sections or seat fairly; the whole thing was a comedy of errors.  
Our server was sweet as pie -- in fact, she called us "sweeties," as in "How do y'all sweeties like your sandwich?" "Sweeties, would you like some tiramisu?" "Here's your bill, sweeties."  Overall -- mufaeltta is delicious -- service is el bizarro.Gumbo tasty but barely warm.  Crab cake unappealing.  Shrimp Po boy was ok.  The dining area was charming and staff very polite.  Would not return. Sorry.If I could give zero stars I would !!!  We are from Cali  and a tour guide recommended this place for the stuffed crab po boy.   I begrudging went as my husband had to try it.   We were seated in a small corner. The waitress was typical as everyone we have encountered here in the French quarter. Not rude just "whatever". People think Cali folks are rude --- pa-lease if we treated customers like this in a restaurant you would be fired. But such is the norm here in nolo.    My husband ordered the po boy. I ordered the chicken Marsala.  Yuck ! And yuck !    As I was trying to gag down my lunch I watched as the owner berated one of his employees --- I saw him screaming at the poor guy calling him an idiot and saying what's wrong with you boy can't you read.  The owner was smoking a cigar while behind the counter. The poor employee was just standing there taking this mans abuse.    Horrible horrible experience.  And owner / manager whoever you are. You should be ashamed !!! Don't go to the restaurant  !It's been 25 years since I had a muffalotta in New Orleans.  It was better than I remembered. I read the reviews and picked Frank's.  I'm glad I did. We got a table at the window.  We had a great waiter. We had good service and great food. What else could you want?So we're on a family vacation in NOLA. My wife, 8 months pregnant and we have our 8 & 1 year old daughters with us. My wife's hips were hurting a bit from the major amounts of walking over the weekend. A decently dressed gentleman standing in the opening of a place called Frank's sees us considering eating there. He proceeds to tell us that all of they seafood they served was delivered at 4:30 that day, it was about 7:00 when we decided to give it a shot. The entire family that owns the restaurant was occupying all the seats downstairs ( none were customers, just hanging out). We were walked up a flight of stairs to the upper dining area. This was when I started to worry. At the top of the stairs stood one of the creepiest looking guys we've ever seen. He tried seating us on the balcony that was barley attached to the building and leaning towards the street at a vicious angle. There was only 2 people on the balcony or in the whole restaurant, for that matter. When we went to our table, as we pulled our seats out to sit, they were SOOOO GROSS. They were the dirtiest seats I've ever seen at a place to eat. I wanted to leave immediately, my wife, being the sweetest person on the planet, felt bad and wanted to at least give em a shot. 
THEN THIS HAPPENED, I PROMISE ITS THE TRUTH!!!
Our 1 yr. old needed a high chair and the guy that conned us to come in is standing next to me scrubbing the high chair and making suggestions from the menu to us. Out of the corner of my eye, I see a black mark on the wall.  The guy all of a sudden takes the wash cloth he is scrubbing the high chair with and in one of the quickest moves I've ever seen a human make, he jumps in the air towards the wall and NINJA WHIPS the spot on the wall that was 2 feet from my wife and daughters head with the wash cloth. It happened so fast nobody was really sure what happened. He says " We get this here sometimes".
I said " what was that" , he said "it's an outside roach"
The roach was 2.5 inches long and an inch wide almost. He then picked it up off the floor and continued going over the menu items. The sound the cloth made when it hit the wall was amazingly loud. We ordered fries because we were praying the deep frying killed all the bacteria and germs and a salad we couldn't touch if we wanted to. We were never provided silverware. We order a lil something because we felt bad I guess. It was by far the strangest and MOST DISGUSTING dining experience we ever had!!!!!This place cracked me up.  I kind of wander in.  A kid who's about thirty asks me, "Do you want something to go, or do you want a table?" I'm taken aback for a minute, because he seems to have a New York (Brooklyn) accent. I said, "I need a table for one" and he tells me to take any table I want.  I take a 2-seater close to the counter. 
I know I want a muffaletta because Central Grocery is closed.  I am not disappointed.  They have 4 types of Abita in bottles.  The first one is too cold, as a quarter of it spills out once it is decapped. The muffaletta sandwich is perfect. I ordered a half because I couldn't eat a whole by myself.  Suffice to say it laid the groundwork for a night of beer drinking. I actually rubbed it in the oil that fell on the plate.  Dee-licious!  I have never had a Central Grocery muffaletta, but this one was top notch versus the ones I've had outside of New Orleans.  
Everyone seemed to have a New York accent.  I was baffled by this but didn't question it.  Also, the painting on the entrance wall looked a lot like the kid who first spoke to me?  Is it the grandson of Frank?  I can't be sure, but it left me in wonder.The very best Muffuletta I have ever eaten.  ASK FOR KATHY,  she will take most excellent care of you.The food was OK.  The price for your meals makes up for the portion. The service is awfully terrible.  Asked several times to be sat on the balcony but they sat us downstairs.  Then we asked our server if we can sit on the balcony but we're told that we'd have to switch servers and that it's still as hot as it is outside.  Of course it is, it's the balcony??  Just not happy with the place.This was a great accidental find. It's across from the French Market. It has a nice balcony sitting area with a view of the Market Place. It is an old build and it shows but the food was outstanding. The chicken Parmesan was so good and the meatballs were delicious. Our waiter was great. I wish I caught his name but didn't. We got to meet the Chef as we were leaving and he took the time to talk with us. He was a very nice guy. The prices are very reasonable for the French Quarter. I spent more at Willy's Chicken Shack than Franks and there is no comparison. Check this place out when 
We returned to NO a few months later and made it a point to come back to Frank's. Once again, the food and service was top notch.This place is way over priced and the staff is very rude. We didn't even stay to eat because she was so outrageously rude. I will never go there again and would never recommend it to any one. Frank's is a horrible placeTourists beware. We we're hungry and tired so we saw this place and stopped in. Their ac didn't work so it was just as hot inside as outside. The bathroom was gross. Food was decent until we got the bill and it was $200. The waitress charged 20 dollars a piece for two drinks and we were overcharged 80 dollars.Was not in my itinerary to visit didn't even know about this place but since central Grocery was closed AGAIN and I really wanted a muffaletta we checked it out. The muffaletta was huge I shared with my husband but we still couldn't finish it and we are very good eaters.  I feel there was just too much bread which doesn't allow for the juices to soak up on the bread.  I do however still prefer central grocery sandwich.  I gave 3 stars because it was not very organized I know it was mardi gras week but they kept sending us upstairs to be seated when there was nothing available also I want digging the sandwich. 
Will I be back? Probably NotMuffuletta was great. The Olive Salad was amazing - yum!  Service was excellent. Worth a trip back.Parking...non-existent! Good luck finding one. I had my buddie drop me off and go around the block so I could pick up a muffaletta togo for my flight back to L.A. The sandwich maker was awesome though, he asked if I was going to eat it now or later and I kindly requested the olive salad on the side. 
Good sandwich but we only stopped in since Central Grocery was closed on the Sunday.Talk about southern hospitality. This was one of the nicest places we have been to on our trip. We went in to try our first Muffuletta and let me tell you. WOW what a good sandwich, so good we are going back for more. Everyone is so friendly there and all making sure we had everything we needed. Beers we good price and the stories just topped it all off. Stop in and see Tony he will give you a good laugh and take great care of you. 
Tell them Mike from California sent you. He may pause a while but I am sure he will remember. He doesn't forget anything.Kathy was our server at Frank's, she recommended Bbq shrimp and snapper dishes. Both dishes were delicious, Bbq shrimps were big  and snapper cooked to perfection. Great service but pricy.1 meal was too much for us to share.  The blackened fish was the hero but the rest was slop. Would not recommend or returnMy friends and I were looking for somewhere not busy so we went to Franks. We had sandwiches and none of us enjoyed our food. Maybe it was an off day, but I'm not willing to try it again.The food was decent but definitely forgettable.  I think it's a bit over priced.  If you are hungry and pass this place I'd keep walking and go to Central grocery instead.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and the service was still slow and the server was standing nearby on her phone.This is the worst restaurant on the planet. The food is terrible, bathroom is disgusting. But worse than all that the staff is the rudest bunch of people I have ever encountered. Don't waste your time or money in this place go elsewhere. The health department should shut this nasty place down!!!Just keep Walking!  We were sucked in by server talking the place up. Food was junk. Bread was stale, drinks were awful and the burger came out raw.  We sent it back and the just threw it back on the grill and returned it to us cut in half with the bite out of off the  hidden on the backside.  Owner was sitting next to us and never said a word.  Shrimp in the gumbo was complete mush.  
It's a trap for sureIf you attend, just stick to the sandwich menu. I ordered "The Ferdie, my brother order the shrimp poboy, and his girlfriend order Alfredo. Her Alfredo came out saucy, noodles undercooked and no Parmesan in it. My brothers poboy had shrimp that weren't deveined at all. This place truly devotes their time just to the muffalatta. I won't go back to this place again.Food here was decent and adult food mostly normally priced.  However, I was appalled at the price of the kids items that we received for our 3 year son.  I should have suspected something when we received no Childrens menu and there was no pricing on the regular menu but didn't think we would pay $9.95 for noodles with a half ladle of thin marinara sauce and one meatball.  Don't order a children's milk either because that will set you back nearly two whole gallons of milk at $4.50!!  All in all, I wouldn't go back here solely because of their egregious charging for children's food.  My son's meal ended up costing more than either my husbands or my meal.Stopped in with my son on a Thursday evening. We had the misfortune to be served by Andy. He looked as if he was high on something. His eyes were bugging out of his head,and kept repeating that he was from New Jersey and that the Italian food they served in the restaurant was only good and that you need to go to NJ for good Italian food. What an arrogant DICK! I had the the Shrimp po boy which was good, my son had the taste of New Orleans which consisted of 3 small dessert sized bowls. One had red beans rice and cheese with a few small pieces of sausage. Gumbo and jambalaya made up the other 2 small bowls. It was not very good as it was later in the evening. When I told Andy my concerns he said well you are in NO and in this area of NO the food is going to be expensive. He then had the nerve to say you want good food it's going to be expensive while naming other restaurants. He became very defensive following us down the stairs. What an asshole. I hope the management reads this and sends that tweaker back to NJ! You have a great little place you don't need a punk ass bum like him serving your customers.We love these muffulettas! They put the perfect amount of olives on it, not too much meat, but justtt enough, and the bread isn't too thick. We took my boyfriends parents there upon a recommendation from the owners ex wife who served us at a different restaurant. My boyfriend and his mother shared a whole muffuletta. I got the crab cake poboy which I wasn't exactly thrilled with. It was like eating batter. Not one piece of crab! My boyfriends father got the calamari which wasn't bad! The service wasn't anything great and the restaurant was less than thrilling. After using the restroom my boyfriends mother and I questioned possible sanitary of the employees, as there was no soap, and no paper towels! We loved the muffulettas so much, which is the only reason we have decided that we will return in the future, but from now on we will order our muffulettas to go. I also think the owner frank needs to be a little less concerned with handling his finances in front of customers and maybe try to reach out to them and ask how everything is once in a while. He had his nose in papers the entire time and never bothered to look up and say hi, thanks for coming. The smallest effort makes a huge difference.Absolutely awful. My husband ordered the pasta with Italian sausage and the sausage was still pink inside the first time. He sent it back and it was only marginally better after that. The sauce was like red water. And they charged $4.25 for a side of dry garlic bread. My muffuletta sandwich was dull. I've had better in Illinois. What a shithole. Steer clear.We had a party of 6, 4 adults 2 infants. We got lured in because we wanted to find a family friendly place and the other restaurants we tried in the area did not allow splitting the bill or did not accommodate strollers. When we sat down, the waitress sat us uncomfortably close to another party, mind you they were the only others people in the restaurant. On top of that she tried to "up sale" on my friend when he asked for a root beer. She brought out the bottled kind instead of one from a soda fountain. We ordered 2 crab roll po boys, spaghetti marinara, and spaghetti marinara with Italian sausage. EVERYTHING was absolutely horrible!!!!! She automatically gave my husband fries when he didn't order them and we got charged $5 PER side of fries. As a table we spent $85 on the shittiest food we've ever had in our lives!!! The waitress would stand awkwardly close to the table and when the check came she waited for our husbands to sign the bill, she was standing about 2 feet away. Needless to say we will NEVER go to this establishment again. It was the WORST dining experience we've encountered!We were looking for a muffuletta sandwich, Central Grocery was closed. We wandered in here, where Andy suggested their homemade Marinara, even brought us a sample of the sauce. Amazing!  
We had garlic bread, crab stuffed mushrooms, pasta with sausage and marinara, all was exceptional. For dessert, we split a cannoli and had some really great coffee (we hail from Seattle and we know our coffee)!  Thank you Andy for a fabulous meal!I thought I would never say this but I found a place that serves a better muffaletta than Central Grocery.
During our last trip to NOLA we met up with some friends for a late coffee at Cafe du Monde. It ended up being a big crowd and after finding out we were visiting for the weekend a couple of natives asked what we had plan. What was on our "must-do" list. Easy, CG for the muffaletta! "I prefer Frank's muffaletta" was heard from across the table but I pretty much dismissed the idea because H is pretty loyal to CG. 
The next day we woke up too late for breakfast so we headed out towards Jackson Square. I had completely forgotten about Frank's but H didn't. He lead me past CG (just a couple doors down) & opened the door to an Italian restaurant. What are we doing here? H pointed to the name on the door. Sweet! We opted for upstairs dining in front of a large window overlooking Decatur. The top floor is small with a few tables & the windows let in plenty of natural light. Loved the vibe of the place. We were greeted immediately by Mike. With drink orders given we looked at the menu for the hell of it. We decided to split a muffaletta & ordered some fries to go with it. 
Our order arrived after a brief time & it looked fabulous! Frank's version is toasted which I have decided really sends the muffaletta over the top. I was hooked after the first bite. Damn, this thing was d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s! The meats: mortadella, ham & salami were straight off the butcher block fresh as was the povolone & mozzarella. Combined with the olive salad & toasted bread (which had a sturdy texture, perfectly toasted outside with a porous inside to sop up the olive oil) I have to admit that I prefer this version over CG. We only finished 1/2 so we packed it to go & added another to give to our friends later. We stuck our half in the fridge & H ate it a couple days later while we were waiting for our plane. For those of you that know him, he never touches anything a couple days old but he told me it gave the olive salad time to really combine with the bread & made for a better sandwich. Surprisingly the bread held up & wasn't a horrible mush. While tempted on taking a bite I declined as 1) I wanted him to enjoy a last taste of NOLA & 2) I like my muffaletta hot from the oven.
So next time you are in NOLA & want a muffeletta, walk past CG & head into Frank's.After Central Grocery turned out to be out of Muffaletta (wtf?) we popped into Frank's to get a sammy.  We got the half, with some iced teas and sat out upstairs on the balcony and just hung out and enjoyed everything.
What an awesome view, and relaxed way to spend some time in the quarter!  
The sandwhich is a must too - how can you go to NOLA and not have a muffaletta?