Friendly and casual atmosphere. Excellent service! And great food! The Crawfish and charbroiled oysters were amazing! Plenty of beer on tap. We'll definitely be regulars here.Oysters were fresh! Gumbo was great! Roast Beef poboy was awesome and my fiancé's catfish poboy was delicious! Even our dog Monty was welcomed here with a dog bowl and dog biscuit!I hadn't been to Frankie and Johnny's since the new owners. Went tonight and had a lovely experience.  The new outdoor seating is lovely.  Jessica waited on us, who is the owner's daughter and was absolutely delightful and felt more like  a friend waiting on us at her house, than being at a restaurant. 
The food was fun and great and the service was friendly and fun. A perfect place for a local New Orleans meal and a little local flavor:) 
Love it and highly recommend.  
Plus I heard they hire kids from a local culinary program for at-risk kids (if you are local you know where I am talking about) which is also pretty great.Food was delish as always but don't order a platter expecting a lot of food. The catfish platter was one filet with fries.Food was excellent and place had lots of parking. We had po boys, grilled oysters, and shrimp platters. All was excellent.The worst poboy I've ever had and I've lived here 30 years. 6" roast beef sandwich barely had meat on it. Some of the bun didn't have any meat on it. Taste was average. Onion rings were so full of MSG they were not good. Started to get sick from them. Add one bud lite and the bill was over $21. A real tourist trap!A couple of our friends living in New Orleans took us out to eat here for our first night in town. It totally set the bar high for the rest of the poboys we ate during this trip. This place tied for 1st place for the best poboys we had in New Orleans. The fried oysters and fried catfish poboys were amazing, especially the fried oysters. Yum!Must-have stop for those in-the-know. Great laid-back vibe and local eats. Enjoyed everything we ordered--raw oysters, boiled shrimp, catfish po-boy, gumbo. Service was super-friendly. Genuine New Orleans experience--eat like the locals do!This was our first time at here- we live a few miles into the neighborhood and my brother was visiting from up north-- It's crawfish season (which my brother loves) and we wanted a good place with table service. 
The service:
I'm guessing it was an off night. A really off night. After not waiting very long to get a table, we waited about 20-30min for a server to come to our table. Why wait so long-- I understand that sometimes restaurants get busy and things happen. I can get past it. But was was difficult was that other, newer tables were getting service and we weren't. They were getting food and we weren't. Finally after asking if we had a server, they came out to us. If anything, stop off at the table and say you're busy and then make us wait. 
After being greeted, we were ready to put in our order. Food took about 20min to come out-- that's about average. 
Overall 1 star. 
The food: 
Grilled Oysters-- amazing!
Crawfish-- mostly overcooked.. the mudbugs would often disintegrate when you were trying to take off the exoskeleton. Also, they were not spicy at all-- I like mine spicy, but that is just my taste... no biggie. Last part, note that the crawfish order does not come with corn on the cob or potatoes mixed in. 
The seafood platter-- good, but a bit overpriced. 
Cajun salad dressing-- really good. Nice spice to it. 
Overall the food was good. I'd say 3 stars. 
The beer was good. The parking was good. The atmosphere was good. They have a small outdoor patio, which can be difficult to find in New Orleans-- at it was good. 
Price for dinner: 60-something. with tip 70-something. With the low level of service and food that ranged from meh to great-- it's not really worth the trip for me. 
Note: the online menu shows no liquor, but there was some behind the bar. 
My advice to Frankie and Johnny, get some more FOH staff and don't overcook the crawfish.The only thing that was good was the service.  To start we ordered drinks, water and unsweet ice tea. His unsweet ice tea came with a rotten lemon slice... 
Next to come out was the artichoke and crab dip, tiny portion for $14, more bread then dip. 
My boyfriend got the red beans and rice, which he is pretty sure we're just cold blue runner red beans. The pork chop was severely over cooked. 
My meal consisted of one pound of crawfish. I got a few that tasted like poop but I think that's a normal crawfish thing. However they were so dark, hard and hard to peel. 
Won't be going backThis is one of my favorite places to go for crawfish. It is simply delicious. All the crawfish look so fresh and beautiful not broken off and soft. It is my favorite hands down of all times!Edie the Kid says: Come for the food, stay for the claw-hand machine. My dad has wasted at least thirty dollars trying to win me a flammable piece of crap (my mom's words). 
Sunny the Sister says: Shrimp poboys, gumbo, and red beans all day. Also: individually packaged saltines!
The husband says: cold beer, raw oysters, loud enough to hide the sounds of my kids shrieking, I'll take it. 
I say: It's a classic family favorite.My dear friend who lives in New Orleans brought me here for my first crawfish boil- it was amazing! Their chargrilled oysters were also mind blowing lay flavorful and didn't have too much sauce on them. I highly recommend coming here with a empty stomach. Their white chocolate bread pudding is a luxurious hug for your tummy. The people there are super nice too!The size is big and food taste well. I am a visitor to this city and I really enjoy the experience in this restaurant. Will come here again if I can and I'd love to recommend to my friends.Place is still improving, shrimp po-boy today was fine.
Good Bar & Wait Staff.  Cold coldbeer.
Good enough to be a regular meal stop, now.
RickOverall, we enjoyed the food here. We had raw oysters, garlic bread, onion rings, red beans and rice with sausage, chicken parm and the oyster nachos. 
The raw oysters and oyster nachos were the best things we had. The oysters were mild and meaty. The red beans and rice with sausage was ok. The sausage was a bit dry and the red beans and rice were average overall. 
The kids had the chicken parm and found it to be just average as well. 
Most of all, we were disappointed in the table service. We were not greeted by a server for twenty minutes after being seated; 5 minutes after we complained to the host. We ordered all of our items immediately after the server first came to see us. It took about 20 minutes to get our appetizers and we were delivered onion rings; which we did not order. Our main entrees  came about an hour after we were seated but we were still short one entree; a chicken parm. That did not arrive until fifteen minutes after the rest of us received our food. 
Our waitress and the host did profusely apologize and dropped the two chicken Parms off of our final bill to make up for it. We definitely appreciated the gesture. We did also notice the tables around us also complained about the table service and how slow orders were coming out of the kitchen. 
We probably would not choose to come back due to our experience but we would still recommend the restaurant as an average local place to eat.We came here a few times during our week stay. The food is simple and good. I recommend the chargrilled amd raw oysters, and of course boiled shrimp and crawfish. The best we had out of all the places we visited. Casual place, friendly staff.I want to like this place. It's got seafood, beer and is convenient to my house- the trifecta!!!! But somehow I just can't get there. To start the service is slow. Like painfully slow. Be prepared to make a meal of your table crackers if you are famished because it usually takes 40 minutes to an hour to get any entrees. Now I understand sometimes a kitchen can get slammed or understaffed- but this has happened to me several times when I have dined here. Second, the food is mediocre. I have had better shrimp elsewhere and the size of the grilled shrimp are more for a salad rather than a platter. The fries are un-interesting (sweet or plain) and the raw oysters are overpriced. There are much better seafood restaurants to spend your money on out there- just maybe not in walking distance.Great place! We celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary in New Orleans and frankly found our best meals outside the Quarter. Only being there for a week, we certainly missed some fine establishments in & out of the Quarter. Living on the northwest California coast salmon, oysters & seafood in general is a regular staple, craw fish are not. After being completely disappointed at Acme we new we had to venture out and found Frankie & Johnny's, the only place besides Elizabeths that we made time for two visits. Their chicken and seafood gumbo is top notch and the craw fish boil was the best introduction I could have ever hoped for. Their menu & bar prices are also very reasonable. All the staff seemed quite friendly and attentive, but we had Kat and her Daughter on both visits and she is the bomb!
Don't know when we'll get back to NOLA, but I do know where my first meal will be!
Jeff & ChristinaThis meal was AMAZING! Great find off the beaten path. Kayla was so sweet. We wish we could eat all our food here! The seafood gumbo, oysters and Cajun balls were standouts!!Wonderful neighborhood bar & restaurant. You won't be disappointed with this locals gem. Servive was attentive, down home. Food, oh my goodness was fresh fresh. We had seafood platter, again all fresh oysters, shrimp, crab cake and catfish. $2 PBRs Also had very good onion rings. The whole reason for the trip was the stuffed artichoke drizzled in butter and lemon. The garlicky breaded crumbs with seasoning was wore through the whole trip!
Thank you for a great meal. 
Why less than 5 stars? It's a funky old building so I love it but some may be put off by the homey, old atmosphere. It's 5 star food and servive at great prices with locals and few tourists!We have eaten at Frankie & Johnny's several times with mixed results.  
The place is somewhat a funky dive.  The food quality ranges from greasy to ok to sometimes good but the place has a dog friendly porch so we have gone there from time to time.
I called to confirm they were open and the porch available.  We had three couples, children, and our dog.
When we arrived, the owner said it was too cold to eat outside.  It was in the mid-60's, and we were very comfortable.  The owner said it was too cold for his waitress.
We left and went to Satsumas on Maple and had a great lunch.  We sat outside.  There were people eating at 5 other outside tables.  
It was good to find a dog friendly eatery with really good food.  Try Satsuma's.Busy day here during Mardi Gras season.  Bar and bartender Mark were great. Food still about average. I had spaghetti and meatballs,  small portion, meatballs tasted like maybe thawed stuff. Marinara was good. GF had chicken parm she loved. Garlic bread good. 
Salad with bleu cheese dressing had little chunks of bleu cheese.  Good. Lettuce, kind of dried out. 
Gumbo was delish, chicken and andoulle.Wonderful seafood restaurant that's got great neighborhood appeal. The atmosphere was comfortable and welcoming along with a staff that feel like old friends. The charbroiled oysters were
Amazing! We ordered a cup of the chicken and andouille gumbo, they brought us a bowl Instead and it was truly delicious! we also split a shrimp Po boy that could have been the best po boy we've had! It was gigantic! Great experience, reasonably priced! Can't wait to go backIf you want some traditional New Orleans food, this is the place for you. You can smell the aroma of freshly boiled crawfish from outside and you can't resist ordering that to start. We also got some po-boys (fried oyster and debris fries) and cups of gumbo which were great. I was not impressed with the service because we waited about 40 minutes to get our po-boys which is a bit ridiculous, but other than that, this place is great.Man do I love this place.  Absolutely fabulous fried catfish, red beans and rice, fried onion rings, french fries, really thick and delicious blue cheese dressing for salads - and these are all things I need to avoid food-wise.  I wish I could eat here more often but this has become a true special event type of place, not for the price, but for the food I eat there.  I am looking forward to a visit on my birthday in a couple of weeks!I had a love/hate relationship with the old F&J restaurant. When it was good, it was great but when it was bad...hoo boy.
So I went in with high hopes and left a little disappointed. I thought the food was a little pricey for what it was. My grilled shrimp salad was meh. No grill flavor and I wasn't wowed...but yes I know that's my fault. Why do I insist on getting non-fried stuff and salad at places like this. My nieces fried shrimp poboys were better. But our fries were almost raw (and delivered after we were finished out meal) as were the yummier onion rings.
The place does seem cleaner and they've moved out the games in the front in favor of more booths. The clientele did seem to be skewing a bit older.
I will give them another try sometime when I'm craving fried seafood...or when boiled crawfish are in season. 
BTW: Gambit says Happy Hour from 2-6pm Monday through Friday.  25% off liquor,  beer, wine and oystersThis is one of my favorite spots to go when I am home. In recent years they have improved the interior and it is even better than ever. It is casual and local and consistently good. I love the oysters and fried seafood.Best crawfish boil EVER...also, charbroiled oysters were amazing with made from scratch cocktail sauce. Best part lace by far.Went here for the first time last night. I would say overall that this place is ok - nothing that knocked our socks off, nothing that went badly. Decent food, decent prices, good service (although they forgot our salad and we had to ask for it). Might go back again because we live nearby but otherwise probably wouldn't seek it out.I've been here a few times and always come for the sweet potato fries with debris, which are seriously tasty. One time I sat outside and I recall the server being a nice woman who checked in on us a few times and left us feeling pretty satisfied. 
The last time, about two weeks ago, however, my friends and I were seated in the farthest back corner next to a very loud, large group of mostly men who dominated the entire room. It was incredible loud, noisy, and we barely saw the young woman who served us. We waited awhile to order and we waited a long time for food. We got the strong impression that we were forgotten about for awhile. The food was fine but it was a disappointing experience. I wouldn't go back to dine, maybe to get an order to go.Some of the most delicious crawfish in town If you can get any! Delicious with a nice slice! I also die for the fried pepper rings and the catfish! Ruby is a great waitress and will make sure you leave full and happy!A fantastic gem in New Orleans.  As a tourist, even though I stayed in the French Quarter it was worth coming here multiple times for lunch and dinner.  It has been there 40 years, and they just do it so right.  Crawfish, fresh boiled gulf shrimp, grilled shrimp platter, fried chicken, gumbo, po boys.  It is all fantastic.  A true locals spot, all around enjoyable.  Thank you Frankie & Johnny's!Great place for seafood and the onion rings are heavenly. KAT is my favorite waitress. She always knows what I want.Great crawfish and grilled oysters.  Not a choice spot for sandwiches or pasta, though.
Very friendly staff.  I'd come again for boiled seafood and oysters.
Not a good choice for vegetarians.Went here for an early dinner on Mothers Day. Our server was very attentive which was the only plus for this place. We order crawfish which were okay to say the least. Wouldn't order them from there again though. If you like redipped crawfish this is the place for you. When we brought it to our servers attention she got the manager David and he got an attitude with me because we ate most of it and decided to tell me that that's how they have always done their crawfish there. As a manager you don't get an attitude or be rude to your guests. And then to go around with a snarky attitude to others repeating our comment about them being redipped where we can clearly hear him. Very unprofessional. Even the server said he's just a very grumpy man. As a local I will never go back here.Holy wow. This was exactly the secret Cajun/creole joint I was looking for. My party left painfully full and wholly satisfied after a week in NOLA looking for something like this. Skip the rest and come straight here.Frankie and Johnny's recently reopened after being closed for several months. There was worry that they were never going to reopen again. Well they are back and better than ever. All the favorites are still on the menu. Same menu. Pepper Rings Oysters Po Boys Hamburger Steak All their staples. Go pay them a visit! It's great to have this New Orleans institution back openWhat an awesome place with authentic NOLA cuisine.  We had the crawfish as they were in season as well as the Onion Rings -great appy!  The wait staff is super friendly and the food is simply amazing.   If you only go to one restaurant in NOLA, this is the one!Great experience for crawfish! Originally ordered 3 lbs for 2 people ang ended up getting an additional 2 lbs! Does not come with anything, but for 3.50 you can get a Basket with potatoes and 1 piece of corn and 1 piece of sausage. Very reasonable prices and delicious non touristy place!Was there a couple of nights ago. The raw oysters were lukewarm, the shrimp were SALTY, the young babe who waited on us didn't have a clue, and the place was ear-splittingI had the best experience here when I went. I had the best server here name was ruby. Me and my husband came here and he got a catfish po boy and I got he roast beef po boy. Both were so delicious. Our server ruby was very nice and knowledgeable about all items on the menu. I can't wait to come back when crawfish is in season.Went in for lunch.  Nice, friendly service.  My wife had grilled shrimp, very fresh and tasty.   Served with good sweet potatoes and a nice mixed salad.  Her starter was a cup of seafood gumbo.  Excellent with real depth of flavor.
The highlight was my roast beef po boy.  Fully dressed with debris.  The roll had a soft interior with a crusty outside and stood up to the juice without falling apart.  Tender, well seasoned beef and debris.  Far and away the best I've had in NOLA.One of those places (New Orleans has scores of them) where you can't be underdressed or overdressed, because some guy in a tux pre-partying sits next to a struggling musician.   There's restaurant space, a bar, and a few outdoor tables.
Eat something: the food is good, a very competent street-level mashup of soulful local favorites.  They have a raw oyster bar if that's your thing.  Crawfish is a little overpriced: it's better and cheaper at Bevi's, if you can face the trip out Airline Highway.
There's a decent beer selection, not so large as Cooter Brown's, but good enough.  The cocktails are knockoffs of local legends like the Sazerac or the Hurricane, but with their own local street-cred, and after a few rounds everybody at the bar is an expert in football, politics, medicine, and mechanics.We started with the friends pepper rings and I liked them. The batter was a little dark and greasy but the peppers were awesome in ranch. 
I had fried shrimp and fried catfish. The shrimp were good, but the fish was too fishy. I didn't say anything because my girlfriends mom was treating us, but she mentioned it the next day so I chimed in. I ordered fries but got sweet potato fries, they were okay. 
There are better seafood restaurants out there, but I'd definitely go here again.I have an eat club that visits restaurants throughout the city of New Orleans and the local area and of all the places we have been this is by far the worst. First of all the wait was over an hour for my table which probably means we had no business staying there anyway? Being that as it may my friends and I made the mistake of staying and we enjoyed a litany of unfortunate events. We unfortunately was given a rookie waitress for a table of 12 or if she is not a rookie she may want to start looking another line of work. Our food orders were all mixed up, the charbroiled oysters came out cold with no juice to soak the bread in. $15 fish plates came with just fries and one piece of horribly breaded catfish. The $20 seafood platter was good enough for maybe one if they are not the hungry. The most of us ordered crawfish and they themselves was fine the problem came when we got to the waitress asking us if I wanted corn and sausage but didnt inform us it was for an additional $3.50. A beer 1 lbs of crawfish and corn cost me amazingly $18. If this was superior seafood or some white table cloth joint in the french quarter I maybe can accept being screwed but a corner bar in the basement I wouldnt think so. Finally they brought us a bill for 12 and a total and said "you figure out what each of you owe." Fortunately my friend formerly in the restaurant industry got the owner to straightened out the bill so we can see exactly how much we got screwed by. We then marched out for the first time having a miserable time with each other wishing we had never marched in. As the organizer of my eat club this place let me down bad and I doubt I will ever show up at this trap again.This hole in the wall looking place is the place to go in New Orleans. Off the main drag areas, so easy to get a table. Food is amazing - it should really be rated higher. Red beans and rice and sausage was so good - first thing I ate when I got into town, set me up for the whole weekend! Waitress was a little off, but that seemed to be a theme for the weekend, and she was perfectly nice, just a little slow. Food more than made up for it. Place was packed a lunch on Friday - lots of business people.I haven't been here since before it was closed, and it was a whole lot cleaner than I remembered. We had a group of six and were seated instantly. 
We ended up with several dozen raw oysters that were GREAT--shucked perfectly, and just the best that I've had in a long time. Their cocktail sauce is great, too--really spicy. We shared a dozen fried oyster nachos, and while I fully recognize that this sounds like a terrible idea, they were completely delicious. It's a tortilla chip with a drizzle of spicy mayo with a fried oyster and topped with fresh pico de gallo. I know you don't think you will like them, but you should order them anyway, because you probably will. I had boiled shrimp that was tasty, served chilled with heads on. The sweet potato fries were a miss (not crispy at all). My boyfriend's red beans were great (the hot sausage was really fantastic). Others seemed happy with their dishes, too. The Bloody Marys were great, and they even knew how to make a Gibson martini with an onion for my boyfriend (apparently that's rare).
Not living in New Orleans, I don't have a great sense of whether it was overpriced (seemed pretty in line with what I remember spending on similar meals). Then again, I live in DC where raw oysters are $3 apiece (yes, you read that right). 
Our server was friendly and funny, and was really great about splitting our check and dealing with the hassles of a group. Bartender helped us call a cab, then gave us a sheet with other cab companies to call when they didn't answer.Return back to the good times ...
The way things were 
The way it's supposed to be!
This is it!
Always looking for and totally enjoying when found. GO!It's not fancy, but the new incarnation of longtime neighborhood joint Frankie & Johnny's is great.  Decor is vastly improved from the old worn-out rendition and it's a very comfortable, casual space.  Crawfish are some of the best in town, as are their char-grilled and fried oysters.  Really good.  A member of my party wasn't happy with her gumbo but just about everyone enjoyed themselves and had some great food.  Plus, the service was excellent.
Glad to have Frankie & Johnny's back and better than ever.  Check it out for casual New Orleans seafood and traditional fare.Our first stop when we arrived in town.  Food was great and set the tone for the rest of the trip.  Our friend we were traveling with has been going here for years and it is a must stop location for him whenever he comes to town.  Very much a locals kind of place, but we did not feel out of place.The grilled shrimp po'boy (dressed) was perfect and also enjoyed the best chargrilled oysters I've ever tasted!!!  They were so plump and fresh and garlicky!  Perfect spot to grab a quick bite to eat en route to Tipitinas.Best thing I tasted in all of New Orleans was the fresh crawfish here! 
But minus one star for inconvenient location...it's far from French quarter, cbd, dt area... it's located in residential areas, only locals would know about this place. 
but I sure loved the crawfish, ate 5 lbs of it!This is definitely a neighborhood bar/cafe.  The ambiance is a bit cavern like and yet clean and roomy,  We had shrimp po-boy sandwiches and they were good, tasty.  It could have been dressed a bit more.  Also tried some onion rings and they were good, not at all greasy.  The beer selction is quite extensive and the beers are cold when delivered.  Service was friendly and competent.  Nice place for a quick lunch or an afternoon beer or drink.Caveat--When you buy a restaurant, especially an old family NOLA restaurant, you buy the expectations of the long time customers.  That said . . . 
Went back for our first visit since new owners took over.  Definitely cleaner.  That's a good thing.  The menu is similar to the old menu with some of the same offerings and some new stuff.  Would probably have rated this two stars but It's a neighborhood restaurant not a fine dining establishment and they may still be working the kinks out of the reopening.  What moved me from 2 to 3 was the friendly service.  
We sat at the bar which was about half filled on a Saturday evening at 7:00.  Several were there waiting for take out.  Bartender very accommodating.  Gave the guy next to us a beer on the house when the food seemed to be taking too long to come from the kitchen.
Still plenty of families with kids running around.  There's no more 1950's bowling game to occupy them and the claw machine has been moved to the center of the restaurant out of the bar area.   The primo juke box has been replaced by hi-tech.  And the lighting in the bar area is much too bright.  I see why the lighting needs to be brighter in the dining area but up front where the bar and booths are could stand a little more atmosphere and less glare.
One great addition is that one end of the bar has been converted to a mini-oyster bar.  We had a dozen raw and they were great.  Cold, nice size and good salinity.  The cocktail sauce takes the same and there was plenty of fresh horseradish.
The seafood gumbo was okay.  Not great, just okay.  That used to be one of my favorite dishes there but it's quite mediocre now.
Partner had fried chicken dinner.  That used to be a reliable, cooked when ordered entree.  Very disappointing.  The salad was fresh and dressing good.  When the chicken came out it was hot, unlike the cool fries that had obviously been plated before the chicken was ready.  If you liked the old recipe you won't be crazy about the new breading.  Maybe it's panko, maybe not.  But the crust is definitely different and not as flavorful.  
Haven't given up with just one visit.  I'll go back for the oysters and I'll see if the boiled shrimp are as good as they used to be.  Hopefully, everything will improve over time.I used to live near F&J, went there often and always loved the real New Orleans atmosphere and food. I was a little apprehensive about new owners and renovations mostly for nostalgia sake.   Had family in town and decided on F&J's  happy hour.   There was nothing much happy about it. I found a ad online that said they had 25 cent oysters and cheap beer and mixed drink prices.  We were told that was no longer the case.  Okay.  We had 6 beers total one dozen oysters and one order of tiny tiny crawfish...our bill was $60. Nothing happy about that.  The service was also lacking,  we had to ask for napkins, utensils and a second tray for crawfish shells, our waitress seemed quite out if it.  We didn't have entree's so can't comment on the food.  Just overall was a lackluster experience and probably won't go backWe went to Frankie and Jonny's for my Birthday last July and I can't wait for our next trip! The food was amazing, the atmosphere was fun, the service was fast and friendly. It was a wonderful way to end to a birthday road trip from Texas. We'll be back every time we visit New OrleansThe seafood is perfectly seasoned, every dish that came out was great.I ate way to much but it was well worth it.The environment was nice and quite.The food is fine but the prices aren't worth the portion sizes. Also the service isn't personable and lacks knowledge of the menu. We've been coming to this restaurant for the last five years and each time we revisit it gets worse. We return because it's convenient and family friendly. We used to order the grilled shrimp platter but we stopped because the size of the shrimp started to become microscopic. We started ordering the catfish platter which used to come with multiple filets and fries filling a large plate.. so exactly what you would imagine a platter would be. My daughter gets the kids catfish which is a single filet with fries. Today we ordered the platter and it was a single filet and some fries thrown on a large plate and it just looked sad. When I asked the server if it was the full platter we received he said "yes, if you would've asked I would've told you it only came with one piece.." I didn't realize I had to ask if my portion sizes were going to be the same every time I order. 
The only item worth the price is probably the oysters.I am from Nola and this was the WORST Meal I have every had in my 46 years here. It took 30 minutes for a table which would have been fine but the Bartender had an attitude because we sat at the bar to wait and I ordered 3 Soda waters and one beer. We ordered 1 bowl of gumbo, 1 cup of gumbo, 1 shrimp Po-boy, 1 Ferdie sandwich, 1 kids red beans and 3 lbs of Crawfish. For that order It took 3 Hours!!!! Seriously! Plus the Po-boy came out wrong, the gumbo had a "Fishy" taste, red beans did not even taste like red beans......it was flat out Disgusting! Plus it cost over $100!Frankie and Johnny's: Oh!, how you have changed and let me down.  
I understand that we needed a table for twelve...
I understand that they were busy... 
I understand that there was a hour wait to get in the door... 
But come on... After the hour extra wait for the big table,  When we finally sat down at a table, the waitress took twenty mins to even acknowledge us.  Then another twenty mins to get those drinks. (40 mins in so far!) after another 45 mins to an hour we finally received our food (all of it at once, appetizers and all) : Cold chargrilled oysters, cold seafood combo, cold fries, and a cold catfish platter (none of which were up to their old standards).  The rest of the table got a random mix of boiled seafoods, which they all said the crawfish were very good.  To top off the night, the waitress wouldn't split the check for us (even though we asked in the beginning to have separate checks).  So... That left 12 single people left to split up the checks for themselves.   Talk about leaving the customer completely upset and dissatisfied.  
After talking with the new owner, he did have the check split (finally).  The only saving graces were that he (the owner) bought the order of cold grilled oysters, had the check split, and the crawfish were good!  
I hope they get back to their old quality and ways.I go to Frankie & Johnny's quite a bit and I've always enjoyed my meals here.  Their menu offers something for everyone.  I tend to stick with a cup of gumbo and one of the fried seafood platters.  Their special dipping sauce is awesome, so be sure to ask for it if you get fried seafood.
It gets pretty crazy around here during crawfish season.  They're one of the few places on this side of town where you can always find crawfish when they are in season.  You will have to go earlier in the day rather than later because they do run out sometimes.
They can be a bit abrasive on the phone depending on who answers; especially if you call during peak hours on a Friday or Saturday evening.We were very excited to try this restaurant as we were told it was very good. Walking in, it seemed like it was a popular local hangout for good seafood. We were soon disappointed by the lack of service. Our waitress was very inattentive and failed to check in with us regularly when we had cold potatoes and corn brought to us along with cold fries. Our drinks also sat at the bar for over 10 minutes while we waited and waited for her to pick them up. We eventually got a new waitress and called it a night!Arrived at 1930, party of 4.5 ( 4 adults & one 2y/o), seated at 1940-so far so good.  It took 45 minutes for two appetizers. Dinner showed up 1 1/2 hours after we ordered. The onion & pepper rings were AWESOME-best thing there. Smothered Pork chops were a bit dry, but ok. We were asked four different times if all was good. I started saying, 'other than hungry, sure.' When I expressed my disappointment, I was told, I'm sorry, we're very busy. There were four empty tables in our area throughout our meal. I counted five waitresses.... Oh.... the spinach was good too!This place was recommended by a friend who grew up in New Orleans. She said it's the locals place to go. The interior reminds me on a Midwestern blue plate special place. The food is terrific. The chargrilled oysters are garlicky goodness. The catfish and soft shell crabs are great. Seafood gumbo is a solid choice. I'd personally pass on the spaghetti but I don't really know why you'd eat spaghetti in New Orleans anyway. Severs were knowledgeable and friendly. It may be a little divey building but it's really a great dinner.Great place!!! The 1/2pound of shrimp were fabulous gulf shrimp with a delicious cocktail sauce!!!  The po'boy was also shrimp and just as amazing. The bread was perfect and the tartar sauce perfect as well. 
We had a side of potato salad and for $3.95 we felt it way overpriced and very small but it too was good.
Then there was the white chocolate bread pudding. SAVE ROOM!!!!! It was easily the best bread pudding we have ever eaten. We shared and although we were sad when the last bite was eaten it was a perfect amount to share. All in all a great place with lots of character and superb wait staff!!!Ran out of crawdads. Dirty. Not really accessible. Terrible service. Walked a mile from the streetcar for THIS?You know it's bad when you've been using Yelp for years and just had to officially sign up to provide a review.  Unfortunately this was that experience.  Took my dad to lunch to get some crawfish on a Saturday morning about 11:30am...  Called first.. Because he was in a hurry.  They said they had their first boil up and had plenty.  It took 10 minutes to get an ice water and a beer.  1 table inside, 1 table outside and plenty of waitresses walking around.  Took 20 minutes to get 3 lbs of crawfish each.  Crawfish were room temp but had good flavor; corn, sausage and potatoes were flat out cold....  I went to F&J as a kid and loved it.  Stopped going when it got bad for all those years... Was excited to go back with new owners...  Not anymore.Highly recommend the grilled oysters and crawfish by the pound. Fairly busy on Friday nights and the parking situation isn't ideal.I grew up in New Orleans and now live in Seattle so don't get back often. Coming to Frankie and Johnny's is always on our to do list of places to eat at. Just had a dozen of their raw oysters and some boiled crawfish. Excellent. Oysters much better than those we had at Acme Oyster House. This is a traditional New Orleans neighborhood restaurant that still makes me glad I'm back in town.A local place with some of the better boiled crawfish I've had in a while.  We ate 15 pounds and I could have had another 5 pounds but I added their charbroiled oysters instead.  Oysters were good and were close to the ones at Bourbon House but better then Acme, Felix's and some others in the quarter.  Service was spot on and drinks were great and cheap.  If left up to my own devises, I would just eat crawfish here every night of my trip Nola.We drove through NO on our family trip and was so happy to find Frankie & Johnny's! We were looking for Po' Boys when we did a search and this place was highly recommended - and we were not disappointed! We ordered the shrimp po' boy, fried shrimp plate, roast beef po boy (husband loved this!) and the rice and beans. The po' boy was packed with shrimp - I ordered the large thinking my hubby was going to help me but I never gave him the chance. They also had really good cocktail sauce that complimented the shrimp so well! The beans and rice we also really good - we added smoked sausage to it! Yum!!!
The service was good - I thought the staff was very friendly. We chatted with the manager and one of the waitresses gave my little girl some stickers. Great family place!!! If I ever find myself driving through NO again, I will make the stop!!Had lunch there today with friends . Had a great big grilled shrimp salad that delicious . A friend with me had onion rings and a fried shrimp platter. The batter on the shrimp and onion rings was way to salty!!! I was also there several months ago and every Fried seafood we had was also very salty. Have recipes for batter changed lately??are the cooks measuring? Why so salty??whats going on??Shrimp po boy, 12 oysters, & oyster nachos 
So good!! My boyfriend and I came to New Orleans for a birthday party and his friend recommended this place. Great service from our sweet waitress and delicious food.Overall:2.5
I've always heard Frankie and Johnny's was a great place for seafood- but the product I received would be considered less than mediocre. It is a nice atmosphere, kind of funky, attentive staff with prices that are a bit on the high side for what you get.
We had boiled shrimp (which are served cold). Also a seafood platter that is nothing too spectacular.
I cannot recommend this place based on this visit. May be better for an oyster poboy or some boiled crawfish.
Value: 2
Product Quality: 2
Service Quality: 4
Overall Experience: 3
Would I recommend?: Not for boiled shrimp or seafood platter in general 
My Rating Key
1:Avoid this Place
2:Not for me
3:Take it or leave it
4: I will come again 
5: Highly recommend! (These are rare)A Favorite!. Nothing beats little neighborhood joints like Frankie and Johnny's. I hadn't heard much about their roast beef po-boy, and was blown away by the depth of flavor, and fine shreds. It's a favorite for the un-toasted variety in New Orleans proper.After being closed for a long, long time; this perennial neighborhood favorite has re-opened, all re-modeled & cleaned-up.
We were so glad to see this Mandina's alternative re-open.
BUT, the food was disappointing, not nearly as good as before.  
Fried shrimp looked great; but seemed to be those pre-cooked imports which had been quick-fried; the cornmeal  breading just flaked-off.  
Red beans & rice also disappointed; pre-cooked rice, like "Uncle Ben's", with very cheap smoked sausage.
We aren't ready to give-up, as this was a great little place, especially in the last months before their closing.  Going to wait a month or so, then give it another try!
Will report back then.
RickKnocked it outta the park. For late Jan crawfish top of the line. We've bin jonesing for awhile and these fit the bill. The corn ,potato and sausage are perfect with the crawfish. I had a cup of seafood gumbo..a little salty for my taste but the other flavors came thru nicely. We finshed with the bread pudding to die for. All in all a real taste of nolaGreat tradish New Orleans fare. Fried EVERYTHING. Maybe that isn't the sexiest style for you yelp elitists, but once in a while it's nice to have a little fried platter of seafood in a pseudo-dive bar type atmosphere. Cold beer, good food - do it up!A bit out of the ways, but this is the joint that the locals go to. Everyone is very friendly and the service is great. If it's not to hot, you can sit outside. Get the fried cat fish and craw fish and you'll be very happy.Charbroiled oysters. Get them,  get them now. Bartenders are great and friendly. Overall good experiance, we were a large group of 10 and had no problems getting a table during off hours and service was prompt for everyone's meals.This place was not disappointing at all, friendly service and the craw fish was delicious, my wife and mother in law order different plates including their fried chicken-all was great, they were very helpful and patient explaining the menu since it was our first time- the place is clean and cozy- bar/restaurant.Great old place. Bartender Dana was super. 
I tried the French fries with debris po-boy.
Sounds like a great sandwich, and it could be..but ....
The few fries on it made everything dried out. They were cold, and unsalted. 
There wasn't enough mayo on it to counter the fries drying out the sandwich.  There were two tomato slices on it, one slice on each half. As you can see by the pic, the slice didn't cover the sandwich half.  I asked for onion on it, and again...the onion slices didn't cover the sandwich. 
I would suggest dicing both tomato and onion  (if asked for) .. and more mayo and onion.
That being said... the bread was fresh and tasty, and the roast beef debris was tremendous.  
The beef and gravy was full of deep, rich flavor. Unbelievable.  I think I'm going to try the Ferdie  (roast beef and ham) next. 
I had a taste for shrimp and asked about it and Dana got me one to try.  
The boiled shrimp are served cold, head on. They have no spice to them. Seems like the boil is only mildly spiced. A guy next to me had a crawfish platter and he said they were bland also. 
Big parking lot, men's room is clean... A big place, nice old bar. I like it.Excellent food! The fried chicken is the best in the city, the charbroiled oysters are out of this world, and the Blue cheese salad dressing is absolutely delicious! The prices are also very reasonable for the cityCrawfish was completely disappointing and everything else was overpriced and mediocre, save for the bell pepper rings (which are fantastic). Used to be one of my favorite places, especially to bring guests to. Maybe it was an off night, but I'm not gonna hurry back.Great food and great service! Staff was incredible attentive. I had the shrimp salad and the dressing was absolutely amazing. Our table had roast beef po boys, red beans and rice, 15 pounds of crayfish and lots of drinks. Everything was incredible and would highly recommend going.Went specifically for crawfish. Waitress says it will be 40 minutes. We decide that is ok. She comes back 20 mins later and says it will be at least ANOTHER hour and fifteen. At this point everyone else has their food. So ordered just red beans and rice to go. Takes another 25 minutes and still no to go order. At this point have it taken off our tab and just leave. No attempt on their behalf to make it right. Disappointing! Absolutely would not return based on this lack of service.Chilly day + chilly evening at Voodoo Fest pending = craving for gumbo. Frankie & Johnny's got lots of recommendations in the Best Gumbo conversation, and NOLA Yelpers don't lie.
I love restaurants in old houses; done right they make me feel like a guest in somebody's home, and Frankie & Johnny's is no exception. It definitely has a neighborhood hangout feel to it, and our waitress was as sweet as can be. If you're a sports fan, there are three TVs in the front room alone, playing three different college games while we were there.
The gumbo was everything we'd hoped, rich broth and studded with shrimp, sausage and holy trinity. A cup with half a sandwich was $11, and just the right amount of food. My po'boy had grilled shrimp, Carrie's had fried, and both were big, fresh and perfectly cooked. They have several local brews on tap that go down real fine with all that good food. Our sweet little waitress offered us dessert, but there was just no way. Maybe next time!This place is great. You can really tell how good a place is based on the average age of the clientele. This place is a local favorite and for good reason.This is a locals restaurant away from the tourist area. I enjoyed my crab cakes even though there was more filler than crab cakes I get on the west coast. Our party of 20 also enjoyed the fresh crawfish even though they were a little small but we were told that the crawfish season was at an end. Shrimp Po Boy had a lot of shrimp and was tasty. Valerie, our waitress was great. Even though it took forever for our group to order, she smiled and got all our orders correct while waiting on 5 other tables. I would have rated this restaurant a 4 star three for food and an additional star for Valerie but for the show put on for us in the back room. Just after sitting down a large 2 inch cockroach decided to come out of the ceiling and run along the wall. It then jump off the wall and landed on our friends shirt. Well at least the folks in the back room had entertainment.  I know the little critters are all over the south but this little guy was larger than the crawfish we were eating.The best oysters we've ever had! Amazing crawfish, friendly staff & outstanding service!Overpriced fried chicken.  It's been a while since we've visited Frankie & Johnny's.  We haven't been there since the previous owners had problems with rats dropping through the ceiling into the restaurant.  Fortunately that problem seems to have been corrected.  Unfortunately, the food is the problem now.  Last night we ordered two fried, half chicken plates $12.99 (as you probably know, that's high for fried chicken).  The waitress, who was pleasant, said; white, dark or mixed.  I chose mixed, my partner ordered dark.  Shortly after, our plates arrived at the table, each with 4 measly pieces of fried chicken that lacked seasoning.  There was an ice cream scoop of potato salad and a small house salad too. Both the small salad and the potato salad were small but ok.  The chicken on the other hand was tiny, tuff and tasteless.  When the bill arrived at the table there was a $2.00 additional charge for the dark meat plate, bringing the scrawny plate of terrible fried chicken to $14.99. There was never any mention of an up charge for all dark meat.  Outrageous.  If we'd walked out of the restaurant without paying they would have called the police but they can advertise one thing, deliver another and then add an additional charge.  Methinks not.  Never again.This place is all new, really a treat. Everything it should be. Super draft beer selections. Delicious food, lovely service, good crowd. What a transformation. Love it!Wow !  Best grilled oysters ever .  Noisey not so pretty but even the house salad is something to rave about .  I'll be back November 2018The crawfish where sooooo tasty. Service was slightly slower than I normally like, but they where friendly. I had 3 lbs of crawfish and wish I had ordered 5. I would come back in a second, a must try!There is something special about this place. If you want to get New Orleans then get Frankie & Johnny's.Last night was my first time back to Frankie and Johnny's since the reopening and I can positively say I will not be returning. Aside from our courteous waitress, the rest of my family's experience was sub-par. We began our dinner with a neighboring table of 13 year-olds running a muck, disturbing every table in the restaurant. The staff did not bother settling down the kids but it wasn't long before a fellow customer politely asked the table to settle down...and they did. After that, our drinks were forgotten about and our orders took an hour to be delivered; much to our delight, the quality was again sub-par. Not only had a member of my party's food been prepared improperly (grilled instead of fried) but the portions did not reflect the price. In addition, The seafood gumbo was heavily over-salted and the green beans lacked in flavor other than ham-hock sugar. On a positive note, the onion rings were delightfulCame here to try out the chargrilled oysters and they were delicious. If you're in the neighborhood make it your business to stop by. All of the food that came out was very tasty.I ordered the fried chicken plate and it was fine until my third piece was bloody.  The waitress kindly offered to redo my last two pieces.
 By the time the chicken was done, I had to leave with my group and took my remainder to go.  I arrived back at work to find the chicken was again under-cooked.True NOLA fare. We arrived at this spot precisely when it opened on a weekday, and the place was already just about packed. Had the half fried oyster po boy and jambalaya. Everyone in our party left happy.Overpriced for the food.  Definitely had better elsewhere.  Gumbo was way too salty and red beans and rice not seasoned enough.Food was great (spiciest crawfish we've ever had in our lives!), but the service is really the thing that will bring us back. Jess was awesome-- attentive, knowledgable and personable. She's an asset to an already great establishment. Give that woman a raise!Oh, my - that gumbo was the best I've ever had, and I had previously said that mine was the best. Great oyster sandwich. Great bar. I'll be back.Ok so I wanted to like this place apparently the locals do but then again there are not a lot of options here. Honestly the old people love this place. The menu is limited and the prices are too much.  The cold boiled shrimp were really good. I had the seafood gumbo but for the price there was like 2 shrimp and no other seafood. The shrimp PO boy was ok but the shrimp over cooked and dressed had no ketchup or hot sauce. The staff was mostly local oriented. Not bad but they catered to them. Drinks were expensive.I had boiled crawfish and it was delicious! Definitely cooked right here in NOLAN. Went with a local so I knew it would be good. Husband had the meatball marinara sandwich and he said it was amazing. The onion rings are good too. Laid back atmosphere and nice people. I would go back!First off all the awesome sports memorabilia they have inside made me happy from the get go.  The layout of the place is fantastic. They have a beautiful big bar when you walk in and outdoor seating on the second floor. It really has a old school neighborhood bar feel to it which I love.  I had crawfish which was pretty good, juicy but I would have enjoyed some more sides. The stuffed artichoke was fantastic however.  From what I was told by my waitress this used to be John Goodman favorite spot pre Katrina. I really enjoyed myself it is a cool spot for sure.Ive been trying to eat here for a few weeks now. Finally ended up around it and went with the dogs. There is a patio that we could have used. We didnt get a chance because the sun is shining directly on the patio. There is no shade. A lil sad. Will make it back sans pups.Good to have them back and I must say, better than ever! Great po-boys! Love the roast beef and ham, the cheeseburger looked darn good, and the cheese fries, oh the cheese fries. Yummy just with cheese. Scrumptious with cheese and debris! The fried shrimp was okay. They use a corn meal batter. Not my favorite. The chicken fingers needed a lot more seasoning. The chicken and andouille gumbo is great!So we came to this place because we thought the reviews were ok and the prices looked reasonable. We got starters, gumbo (way way way too much salt) the oysters did not look appetizing and they had many shell pieces in them. He said his sandwich was ok. The chicken strips were ok, just bland, and the fries were cold and over greasy. I asked for some mustard, when she handed it to me i immediately put it down and wanted to clean my hands because it was so nasty and dirty it looked like it came out of a dust bin. It was also very sticky, so i have no clue where it had been or where she grabbed it from but eww. My cocktail I ordered also tasted like it was just lightly flavored water. The service was not the best, she was only there and quick when we asked for the check, then she acted like flash, she was there and back in an instant. 
So i really don't know if we just came there on an off day, we just have bad luck, or they are always like this... either way, I won't be returning.Frankie & Johnny's is back I am happy to say. The seafood gumbo, red beans n' rice catfish platter AND tripple layer chocolate cake were all as hoped for.....but the oysters were out of this world, cher. I'll be back.Excellent food, portions, prices, atmosphere, and service.  Had the crawdads, raw oysters, and red beans & rice.  Loved this place, next time we are in Nola we will skip the French quarter and come here!I love the new addition of the oyster bar. The raw and chargrilled oysters are delicious. I would also suggest the bell pepper ring/onion ring combination for an appetizer. The restaurant has a plethora of character and charm. I would highly suggest visiting the restaurant.We ordered sandwiches for lunch today and it was totally awful.
First sandwich:  Ordered a large Ferdie (ham with roast beef and swiss cheese) on french dressed with no pickles and extra mayo and gravy.  What I got was a small roast beef on french dressed with pickles, no extra mayo or gravy.  Not very happy as now I have a small sandwich (none for dinner) that tastes like dill pickles (which I cannot stand the taste of).
Second sandwich:  Ordered a small shrimp on french dressed with no tomatoes.  We got that.
Third meal:  Ordered small shrimp on french and onion rings.  Got the sandwich, but no onion rings.
Fourth meal: Seafood plate ordered with no oysters and extra salad dressing. Waayyyyyy overpriced!!!  $22.00 for one piece of fish, a few shrimp and a crab cake with a few cold fries was not worth it.  No extra dressing for the salad either.
The lady that went to pick up the order had a gift card to use for her order.   Well that was not happening because the guy said that the place had new owners.  She asked for the owner or manager and the guy waiting on her mumbled something and walked off.  No manager or owner ever came to see what she needed.
Will definitely not be going back to this place as there are many other places in the uptown area that have better food, better prices and much better customer service.Visiting from out of town so took an Uber here to get a crawfish boil from across town. Walked up to the door and there was a sign that said "we are out of crawfish". I guess I have to make sure I call a food establishment to make sure they have food. I always like to take a 12.00 Uber ride.This place was pretty good. I got the blue crab sandwich and it didn't disappoint. They give generous servings and don't compromise quality. Their drink selection isn't bad. The interior is pretty mildly decorated, but it doesn't really make a difference, the restaurant works. Overall a decent place.Good spot for lunch! 
I've had the gumbo, grilled shrimp po-boy, and catfish po-boy, and all were pretty good. We also had the fried bell peppers and Cajun balls for appetizers. The peppers were good and something different, but the Cajun balls weren't as good as I expected. The service is great, and the food comes very quickly!
Overall, there are definitely better restaurants in other areas of New Orleans, but if you're looking for a good meal in this area, I'd recommend Frankie and Johnny's!Tried charbroiled oysters for the first time here and they were amazing! So delicious, but rich, so a half-dozen was perfect. I also got two pounds of crawfish, which was good as well. Service was about average, but combined with the beer and laid-back atmosphere, we had a great time during our meal.This was our last day in New Orleans and we were staying nearby at an Airbandb on Tchoupitoulas St. We ate in the Quarter and some places on Magazine St uptown and in the garden district. All great. We were literally staying a half block from Franky and Johnnies. So we decided to give it a try for Lunch. Got there around 11:30 am. Not super crowded .. But a surprising amount of people for that hour for a place that seemed a little out of the way.
We were greeted by A very friendly gentleman and when we told him we were visiting from Ventura, CA he said welcome home. He suggested some oysters to start. (Go figure in NOLA) We ordered the grilled oysters to start and these were better than Dracos..Jucier and full of flavor and not too Buttery. We also had the oyster  po boy and fried catfish po boy.. And combo pepper and onion rings. Extremely outstanding. Our server made it a point to check on each item. You could tell he was happy we were enjoying ourselves.  Glad we decided to give this place a tryLove Love Love this place!!!  The fried bell peppers and debris fries are amazing, but the best thing is the staff!  Every time my friends and I go (which is often!), we always end up meeting someone new who works there; we leave as friends, and we are always remembered when we return.  If Shannon is working the oyster bar, you MUST sit there!  And Woodard is my absolute favorite!!!Amazing raw oysters. I got half a dozen and they gave me 7! Great service great food. Classic place to go uptowndestroyed these mud bugs and a po boy. sat outside. had a great freaking time. I highly recommend this spotThis place is an old NOLA tradition. Food is mostly fried but that's what you go here for in addition to boiled seafood (which is currently WAY overpriced)! Always enjoy the appetizers of bell pepper rings & onion rings. Cocktail sauce was good & spicy (as it should be!)
The reason that they only got a 4 of 5 is because of the restaurant itself.  It closed down for a while due to code violations & reopened months later. It is definitely a dive, but still seems really dirty to me. Don't think anything inside changed much while they were closed. Gotta keep this in mind & know about it before you go.Family and I were in town on a day trip to the zoo.  The food was excellent, same as the service.  The owner came over, introduced himself, and refilled our drinks.  Overall, a great experience, and the red beans and rice are killer!!  Stop by when you're in New Orleans!Recommended by a local when we asked where to go for crawfish boil and the reviews on Yelp confirmed.
This place feels like true New Orleans, authentic and off the beaten path with friendly- family like service and delicious no frills food. This is legit! 
It was my first time having crawfish and I had the bartender help me out and she was wonderful with what to order and how to eat it. Delicious food, fair price and felt at home with the locals and people working there. I will go back every time I am here and if you want some real Nola ... With gumbo crawfish and shrimp make sure you hit this place. I finally get the hype on crawfish boil ... I am in!!!Great place for New Orleans food.  Great neighborhood atmoshpere now that the renovations are compete.What a comeback this establishment has made! The new operators have returned this restaurant back to its glory days!! Great service and great food! I can literally gorge myself sick here. I am a fan of the fried pepper rings and the hamburger steak with grilled onions. But I don't think there is anything on the menu that isn't delicious. Everyone I know has a different favorite meal here. 
Note to self: time to get back in dere and stuff my face!!I wasn't a gumbo fan but their Seafood gumbo is fantastic !  And the onion rings are really good too.The food was really yummy.  Nice neighborhood feel with prompt service and folks that go the extra mile.  Crawfish was great! Bread pudding was lick the plate good.Very good food,  and wide variety of local favorites.   Great bar, bar tender,  and oyster bar.  Lots of old neighborhood lore.It's low bar, a bit lackluster in appearance, and very laid back, but it's a pillar of uptown. Eat the crawfish, obviously, but also try the broiled oysters! Yum! My teens couldn't get enough and had to order another dozen.Very good neighborhood type bar. The crawfish were good but the chargrilled oysters were great. Most importantly the bartenders were awesome. Very friendly and helpful for out of town visitors.Good spot for crawfish.  Really good prices.  I wasn't a fan of the raw oysters but everything else was pretty good.We had an awesome time at this place.
Ruby was our server and she was awesome. Best server in NOLA!
My favorite was Grilled Oysters(best we had in NOLA)
Kids and husband DEVOURED crawfish. Recommend getting.
Everything we ate was great!Great restaurant off the beaten path. In a city with such great food, Frankie & Johny's fits in perfectly and brings a friendly local charm. The neighborhood feel and friendly staff are great.OMG Frankie & Johnny's... it's outside of the quarters and not on Bourbon street so you have to be a local to know of this place.  We had friends living here that recommended it cause this place has been around longer than you know and it was a fantastic recommendation.  The service was fantastic - everyone was helpful and so so friendly.  I fell in love with the chargrilled oysters here and I think me and 2 friends killed 3 dozen of them easy.  We ordered 2 dozen of the chargrilled and 1 dozen of the raw oysters and I have to say.. chargrilled FTW.  All that butter but it was phenomenal.  And can I speak of the po boys!! My friends say best po boy in town and I have to say I agree.. we had po boys a few times this trip and I always go back to the one I had here because it was delicious! The bread was crispy and light and the fried cat fish was cooked perfectly.  The po boy was dressed to perfection and it didn't get soggy or fall apart and the flavors were YUM!!! I can't rave about this place enough cause I was thinking about it the rest of the weekend! The gumbo was tasty and so was the stuffed artichoke.  Definitely come try this place out!!!Came in for an early lunch, looking for the best crawfish in town, and I was not disappointed! Valerie was tending bar, had the beer recommendations to go along with the perfectly seasoned crawfish(which she was nice enough to show me how to eat), a great selection of local brews to complement the local flavor. And manning the oysters was hands down the finest shucker I have ever come across. Jacob is a local that can answer any dumb ass tourist question about the bayou you can come up with, believe me I tested him. The oysters could not have been better, clean fresh and perfect flavor. He churns them out at a record rate, literally placed in top 3 of a state shucking competition, and doesn't sacrifice service or good humor. If you are in town and don't stop by, you haven't been to New Orleans.Best raw oysters in town!  Oyster nachos, the bell pepper and onion ring appetizer, and chicken gumbo.If you're looking for non touristy authentic New Orleans food- this is your place! We went for crawfish that unfortunately they were out of, but we certainly weren't disappointed. I started with the oyster nachos. I should've just gotten the steamed oysters. They tried to get a little fancy and seemed to fall a little short. But the ouster po boy was da bomb!! My fiancé got a fried chicken po boy and was NOT disappointed either. This place was great!Good atmosphere and the wait staff was very friendly.  Wasn't very impressed with the crawfish, though.  We waited 35 minutes- which is understandable if waiting for them to come straight out of the pot.  But when they arrived, they were room temperature.  At this point I was too hungry to send them back and wait again.  It was a bummer as they have a crawfish on their logo.  Also, the seasoning was not impressive.  I like my bugs hot and spicy so that my fingers burn when I eat them.  Meh.  Not satisfied.GREAT place with excellent service. Chargrilled oysters were off the chain. We also had the seafood platter.  All was cooked perfectly. Tasty fried chicken as well. I had the crawfish here last season, was perfectly cooked as well.First time back since reopening......blech! The building is nice and the patio a great addition, but what the H happened to the food??  We had a fried seafood platter, in past it would have been a miracle for two of us to finish, tonight it was minuscule and at $22 quite disappointing--3 small shrimp, 1 catfish filet, a couple oysters and a crab cake that we didn't bother to eat (the old Frankie and Johnny's had a fabulous stuffed crab, what gives??). Devoid of flavor, the cocktail sauce frozen, catfish soggy, and completely lacking.....disappointed :(Frankie and Johnny's is the first place I found that has boiled crawfish. The food was very good  and the servers were terrific. It's a hometown restaurant feel which you can't beat. We will be back. Must try!I took my husband here for a late lunch and we had a great time. The service was great! 
The only issue I had was with how salty it was. I had the oyster poboy and it was good (it's hard to mess up). My husband had the gumbo which he tried to enjoy but it was way to salty. Like leave you thirsty for a week too salty.
I will definitely be back but I won't ever get the gumbo again.My team and I came here for lunch twice when we worked in New Orleans. Overall the place is not bad. Both times the service was good and our waitresses were very attentive. 
I thought the food was good but not exceptional. I've had the fried shrimp/oyster po-boy and it was pretty solid. The gumbo was good but a little bit salty. The fried pepper and onions were also decent but nothing too special. Same with the crawfish balls.
Not a bad place for lunch but there are definitely better food options in New Orleans given the city is known for its amazing food.I've been going to Frankie & Johnny's since I was a kid and have many fond memories.  Over the years, the place was more and more rundown and the food became inedible.
I don't live in town so I was very excited to see an article in Gambit that talked about the new owners and the renovations done to reopen the Uptown classic.
A friend and I went mid-December to check it out.  We were very warmly greeted by the owner at the host station and seated in the back room.  What an improvement to the place visually.  They have kept a lot of the same atmosphere of the old owners but have given it a much needed face lift.  There is even a room with video games to keep kids occupied.
The owner challenged us to have the raw oysters.  He said if they weren't the best we've had then he would give them to us on the house.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  At the beginning of the meal she brought us water in little plastic cups which we were going to comment on.  Without us even noticing she replaced them with glasses of water and apologized saying that all of the glassware was dirty but that she didn't want to keep us waiting.
I had a pasta dish.  For some reason I cannot remember exactly what I had but I think it was chicken parm.  I cannot remember exactly what my friend ordered but he liked his food.
The food isn't amazing but it is pretty good and a definitely improvement over what we ended up with before the last owners closed the doors.
It is good to see this place back up and running with new owners who obviously care for the place.  I think they might a few months to find their groove and establish themselves with some unique dishes other than just typical fired seafood and New Orleans "Italian" but if they do then this classic should remain an Uptown staple for another generation.Fantastic,  try the grilled oysters.  I went in and sat down and sitting beside me was Emeril Lagasse.  Seems he a regular. I asked him what he recomended and he said have the crawfish and some grilled oysters. Figured if he recomends it its probably good. It was great.  I ordered and the waitress brought out a bowl of red beans and rice and walked away.   I told Emeril this wasnt my order and he said that's probably his she prob. Just made a mistake, I tried to hand it to him and he said "No that,s delicious also go ahead and eat it youll love it's on me" he was right again.  Quite a first impression for this GREAT PLACE.Great old school place. Neighborhood joint and a welcome respite from the French Quarter. Easily worth the $12 Uber trip. Nice selection of seafood specialties and New Orleans classics. Boiled shrimp the right way - w heads. Crawdads, too. Full bar and a good selection of taps. Abita styles, Stella and $2 pints of PBR... get in here!!!Well well well. Nice to finally have some crawfish. We been jonsin' for some time now. Think it's been two years!! Spiced good and we each had the potatoes with sausage n corn. The corn was spicer I think. Worth the  $ coming here into where the locals come!! Great price point. Service was also great.Went back one weekend afternoon; food was some better, still not up to pre-hiatus quality.
Will still try once-in-a-while & report back here on "Yelp" !
RickI just arrived in New Orleans today and was hoping to enjoy some of the Cajun food here. I did enjoy the food. The cajun balls are amazing. They are a mix of crawfish, cheese? and spices combined into a hushpuppy like appetizer. However, the service was terrible. It took an unreasonable amount of time to get our food and the waitress brought out an order for one of the people in our party incorrectly 3 times. There were other things that were incorrect and we could have gotten past it if she were able to respond to our dissatisfaction in a professional manner, but she didn't. She responded to us as if we had done something wrong for mentioning the mistakes as they happened. Before we left there was an attempt to speak to the manager and he acted as if he knew what we were saying before we were allowed to say it. In other words, he didn't let us voice our complaint and just claimed to know what the issue was. It was ridiculous.I'm really shocked by the bad reviews here. We're local and have eaten at Frankie and Johnny's several times in the past year after rediscovering it. This place has a comfortable and unpretentious feel that I love, and the food to back it up. My favorite crab cakes in the city, the seafood whether boiled or fried has also been high quality every time. Service is fast and friendly, I don't get the issues. Guess that just means I'll have less problem getting a table.Had to ship a box and discovered this place. Had gumbo, grilled oysters, and a oyster poor boy. Washed down with a few beers. Left as stuffed as a turkey on thanksgiving day. Great place.Very good classic New Orleans restaurant. The charbroiled oysters as to die for. We had a bucket of crawfish to split at the table as well and they came out very well done. While not a luxury experience, Frankie and Johnies is a great place to have a beer, eat some oysters and crawfish, and have a great time.Good place to get all the New Orleans basics. Pivots, crawfish, oysters, gumbo, etc. get the fried bell peppers!!!Though I live right around the corner, I just made my first F&J's voyage after eight months of NOLA living. I wish I hadn't waited so long!
My dad was in town from Shreveport and had a hankering for crawfish. I always have a hankering for crawfish. I figured that since it was so close and I'd seen a sign posted that they had boiled crawfish, we'd get it a try, and my girlfriend joined us too. The only other local places where I've eaten crawfish in-house was The Galley in Metairie. For me, Frankie & Johnny's topped it.
Why? First of all, at F&J's they came out much hotter, which means they stayed hotter for longer. We got 10 pounds for the three of us and even when we were winding down they were still at least warm. Also, I thought they were seasoned better here. I felt the ones at Galley were a bit bland, though the girlfriend insists they were spicy. Maybe that's because she's a head-sucker and I'm not. (Please, no comments. Too obvious.) The one down-side to the crawfish here is that they were quite expensive at $6.75 a pound. Yikes! Good thing Dad picked up the check! We all each had a cup of seafood gumbo, too, which I thought was really good.
Finally, the service was very good. Our waitress -- who claimed to have been there for something like 30 years -- was attentive and sweet. She pinched my cheeks at one point, so I guess she liked me too.
I'm glad I finally tried F&J's out. Could be dangerous living so close, though...My wife and I decided to take a ride out for a drink the night before we left town, glad we did.
We sat at the bar and ordered 5 pounds of crawfish and 1/2 pound of boiled shrimp. 2nd place with great crawfish! Only complaint? Wish the shrimp would have been hot, especially head on shrimp, i like eating the head. kinda like Amaebi, but not cold.
Bartender was very pleasant and atmosphere was very bar/homey for us. If we lived here this would be our local bar at least 3 times a week for food and drinks. They also have a nice small outside area to drink and eat.Food is amazing. If you ever get down here check out this place. Nothing is bad on the menu prices are reasonable service is awesome ask for KelseyWant to correct my very negative review : we brought our concerns to a manager and he was wonderfully receptive.    It is one thing for it not to be right and another not to want to make it right .   They truly want to make or right .   The bell peppers remain a gift from the heavens !!!!    Doris was fantabulous !!!Second visit, not so good. They claimed there had been a fire so they had to use a microwave oven. I don't know if we will return.The food was awesome, the service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was wonderful! We were so comfortable with our wild four year old! They also had tons of parking! Overall, A++++++++ :)I wasn't sure what to expect here other than some casual, family friendly dining with the potential for boiled crawfish. I was very pleasantly surprised! We started with the chargrilled oysters and I could have ended with that as well. By far, the best chargrilled oysters I've ever had. We also had their fried Cajun balls, the crab dip, a salad, and 2lbs of boiled crawfish with sausage, corn and potatoes. Our son had the grilled cheese and fries and was happy to be eating outside on their porch in the sunshine. The service was great, our waitress was really friendly and really helpful. She brought our son coloring books and crayons to keep him busy. Great oysters, great crawfish, cold beer, happy kid...very happy parents.First visit: 1988. Return trip: 2016. Still the best uptown restaurant and best kept secret from touristy crowds in New Orleans. Moisten the palate with Abita-Andygator, but out of Seersucker?! Baldy, paunchy bartender didn't seem sympathetic, much less happy to see me...c'mon man. My girlfriend's gastrogasm over the fried green bell pepper and onion rings overcame, so to speak, her aversion to ranch dipping sauce. For her entree: grilled shrimp, spiced nicely with garlic, accompanied by a fresh garden salad and side of potato salad, which prompted another wave of gasms. For him: 4 lbs of crawfish, small in size, not overall weight, but acceptable given the season is not peak or prime. Fully satisfying and so delighted this neighborhood gem has not lost its place or flavor. I love Frankie & Johnny's.Crawfish boil, oyster nachos, cold beers, and great service. Everything was delish.  Go check if out. New ownership.Two tries for crawfish.  Expensive at 7.50/lb and sort of bland.  I can immediately think of four other places I rather goFirst night in NOLA we went to Deannie's and were utterly disappointed in their crawfish (half were fishy). The next day we went shopping on Magazine st. and a store owner recommended Frankie & Johnny's. 
We were hesitant but decided to give NOLA crawfish one more try. Crawfish was $4.99/lb which is a steal compared to Bay Area prices which is at least $10/lb. Not too hungry, we ordered a pound of crawfish, half pound of boiled shrimp, and two orders of corn. 
Crawfish: big and juicy. We ended up ordering 3 more pounds because they were so good. Do it, you will not regret it. At $5/lb it is a steal. 
Boiled Shrimp: served cold with cocktail sauce. We had them warm it up which they happily did. Shrimp was tasty (but expensive $20/lb) and held more flavor than the crawfih for some reason. 
Corn: awesome. Corn was the spiciest of all. Do have a few glasses of cold beverage available as they soak up much of the spices. 
Service: great. We hassled the poor waitress many times for many more orders of crawfish. She was super cool. Drinks were refilled often. 
Bottom line: do not hesitate to come here for great food and good service if you are in the area. Affordable and fresh crawfish. Oh and big screens all over for the sports enthusiasts. Go A's!!!!No, no, a thousand times no. Unfortunately the service was even worse than the food. The waitress argued w me about what was on the menu. $23 fried seafood combo came w 4 shrimp, 3 oysters, 1 catfish that tasted like chicken (!), and one crab cake. Everything was fried too hard :-/ much better options in this city!!So good since re opening. Every bite was heaven and in a chef. The oysters and crawfish are on point. Simple.... And perfect.One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had the misfortune to have to pay for.  The "host" (I assume he's the owner to be paid for such a crappy attitude) was almost put-out to have to seat us.  Then he subjected us to an apparent employee/manager dispute which included him slamming the back door in our ears twice.  His snit-fit lasted our entire meal and included berating a waitress within earshot and criticizing her to a group he was seating.
Aside from that, our entree's came while the appetizers were still on the table; one appetizer came after the entree's; and it took 15 minutes to get a second drink.
A joke of a restaurant.Fabulous great down home New Orleans cooking. Had boiled crawfish and red beans and rice. Succulent, flavorful and great service. A must try.I really like this place. Its a cute, small place with a lot of old charm.  The food is delicious; the fried bell peppers are amazing! This last time, we got an order as an appetizer and then ordered another one for dessert!A tucked away neighborhood joint frequented by the locals.  The appetizers are the stars.  The gumbo is fabulous as are raw oysters.  The dinner menu could be a little more expansive. I had the grilled shrimp and my daughter had the deep fried shrimp with sweet potato fries.  Generous portions, well seasoned and delicious.
A nice place for a good very reasonably priced meal and a drink or two or three or four.We did not have a good experience. Our food took over an hour and was luke warm when it came out. The fried food was very greasy. Our service was just ok, but we were ignored. The "veggies" they served with the shrimp were mushy peas. We will not be back.Best fried oysters I've ever had!
We got the fried oyster salad, raw on the half shell, char broiled and boiled crawfish.
It was all so delicious and exactly what we wanted to eat. The crawfish were perfectly seasoned and so fresh.
A must go!This place was a neighborhood standard for decades, it was one of the fist places I'd visit whenever I got to NOLA. then it started to slip, quality of the food got worse and worse and then after Katrina, it became really terrible. When it closed, it was sad, but really the food there at that point was nearly inedible. Its under new ownership now, only opened up around Thanksgiving 2013. The place is notably cleaner, new floors, new fixtures, but it retains a lot of the old layout and charm. The bar, just about the same except the skee Ball game is gone (they added some booths). the menu is very close to the original and we had a terrific meal here. The friend seafood was well fried and with a light breading. Excellent onion rings and the night we were there, really terrific fresh oysters on the half shell, sweet and salty and super fresh. Everyone there from the owners to the wait staff worked hard to make us happy. I am happy to say they are back and better than ever!Seems to have a bunch of good reviews, I don't understand why. The food was good, but the service was awful, just the worst I've ever had. It is not worth going back. 
We got our crawfish, but no napkins. Our waitress never came to check on us, so we had to ask the bartender. My water was left empty for about 5 minutes before someone came around, and that happened twice. We get our side salad that comes with the entree, but never got silverware. We were eating the lettuce with our hands! Finally found another server (not ours) and got some. Finally, our waitress comes to check up on us, we ask for more sweet n low, and never got any. And not once did any manager come around to ask us how we were doing. Our waitress probably knew we were upset,  but made no attempt to correct our awful service. 
Im sure they get their business because it is local, but that is no excuse as to why we were treated so poorly.Great service! The waitress was helpful in recommending selections, and the owner/manager (whichever it was) was a very nice man. He accommodated our large table via reservation, and he even brought us a complimentary dish. I had the grilled shrimp po boy which was a must try. The parking lot isn't ideal, but you forget about the parking lot when the food is good and the service is superb. I plan to visit them again.Visited this spot with my colleagues and friends while in NOLA for a conference. Had a lot of firsts here including the broiled crawfish. Our server was so good. She taught us how to eat the crawfish.  Delicious food and great service, hands down. And oh, try the char-grilled oysters..so good.Until recently, this place as known as Franky & Johnny's. The new owners have dropped the 'y' in Franky in favor of an "ie". In addition to that very minor, and easily overlooked change ... this place is as good as I remembered it from many years ago. Here's my review from the "Franky & Johnny's - CLOSED" entry:
As my fellow yelpers in the last few reviews have pointed out, this is place is indeed open and better than ever! The remodeling job looks amazing! The place looks fresh and inviting. It's really worth a revisit, if you were one of the people whose only experience was during their decline. Yes, I do remember this place going downhill in a hurry ... but the new management has resurrected a quintessential neighborhood gem!
THIS is the Franky and Johnny's of my youth again! Solid renditions of New Orleans classics ... seafood platters, large overstuffed poboys, red beans and rice. They have a very good seafood gumbo, no kidding! I also agree with Rocky T. ... the oysters were great, and a very welcomed addition!  When they start boiling crawfish, it's going to be standing room only!Great crawfish, onion rings, roast beef poo boys... Classic old school New Orleans neighborhood casual restaurant...Ordered a half and half shrimp and catfish poboy with fries. Sucker cost $19 bucks, which was a joke. The catfish was so under cooked I had to throw it away. The shrimp was decent, average for a city known for its seafood.
I won't eat here again, another old New Orleans restaurant that survives on its past reputation and doesn't put forth a whole lot of effort.Boiled crawfish was not well-seasoned and tasted pretty fishy. Doesn't come with corn, potatoes, or wipes, and service was so-so. The other food was good though.Go for the craw fish plate by the pound and pull the head and suck out the spices. Aloha..One of the places that I love visiting when I'm in New Orleans for charbroiled oysters and boiled crawfish!
They remodeled the restaurant in 2013 and the upgrades are very inviting. Service was excellent and the overall experience is very casual and fun.Been here a couple of times and now I have to review. 
Came here after shoe shopping with my dad on ash Wednesday. Since it being ash Wednesday and I am a somewhat decent catholic, you know it is going to be about seafood. The shrimp poboy is pretty damn good. It has the best type of shrimp... you know, the small kind that allows more to be put on your poboy which adds more crunch. My dad had the catfish and from the look on his face, he was not upset with his choice. The reason I really wanted to review this place is because of my godson. He is a very picky eater, (kind of like his Uncle), but he could not put his food down! So you know the food is pretty good when even a picky four year old can eat everything on his plate! Come on down to a great local restaurant and enjoy their fare. I know I am!Went here with a couple 5 friends on August 25th. Cajun Balls and Fried Pepper Rings for appetizers. They were GREAT! Our entries were delivered in a reasonable time and were great!
Total price was very reasonable and better than I expected it to be.
I HIGHLY recommend this place, especially if you're looking for a local place where you can meet locals, have great New Orleans style foods and enjoy one of the last of our old time po boy shops!Pepper and onion ring appetizer is amazing! Fried shrimp and fried oysters delicious, and sweet potato fries were great. The fried chicken that my fiancé got was also really yummy :)We want to thank all the staff at Frankie and Johnny's for reopening. The food and service were great.Our first time here we live less than a mile 
Amazing meal
We sat at bar our bartender was awesome
Son ordered the seafood platter 
Husband ordered catfish platter
I ordered roast beef sandwich plain meat bread only 
Hubby & son ordered salad 
Looked & tasted great & there was a lot of salad 
My roast beef sandwich came with debris, I'm not a debris fan but, it was so tasty!! It was great, messy but great.
It's easily a 4 napkin sandwich 
Better Roast beef than Mothers or Cochon butcherSome of the best fried catfish I've ever had. It's right around the corner from my mate's place where I'm staying. We came here for a quick bite the other night and had to come back again. The half sandwich and gumbo go to is a deal. Had the fried catfish po-boy with both the seafood gumbo and the chicken & sausage gumbo. Both were delicious. But that fried catfish is the game winner.Went with a friend and his family, three young kids.
They were busy, service was slow, but they treated us like old friends. Waitress takes the order for six people without writing anything down and gets it all right.
Tasty everything, but the fried peppers were something else.When in NOLA go where the locals go to get a true creole flavor. This place will do anything on their menu grilled UoM request. Was there fo lunch and really enjoyed my seafood platter as well as excellent service.came here with high hopes of great crawfish but instead we got terrible service. We ordered crawfish, stuffed artichoke, oysters, french fries.  The fries and oysters took 45 minutes to come out.  The stuffed artichoke never came out because apparently it went to another table, and they ran out of artichokes.  We ordered 6 oysters but instead 12 came out and we got charged for 12 oysters which was not ordered in the first place.  The crawfish never came out at all.  The worst part is the waitress gave the impression that she absolutely didn't care that any of the order was incorrect.  She showed up initially to take the order and bring water, but then not once did she come back to the table to check on us to find out if everything was ok. There was no apology, no explanation, no offer to actually bring out crawfish that we ordered.  Instead we were brought a check.  1 star for order being incorrect, crawfish never came out,  poor and uncaring service.  If you go to this place and get a waitress named MIca, I highly suggest you ask for someone else.Brought some out of town family here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The food has always been good and it is very reliable for "New Orleans" food, especially crawfish.
This was my first time back since the remodel, though, and the place is looking good. It's not dark as a dungeon anymore. They've strung some additional lights and generally spruced up the place. It just has an overall fresher feel.
Hubby had a fried shrimp po boy that he was pleased with, the fam had the boiled shrimp, which were quite large (and, by the way, are served chilled, in-shell, heads on), and hot boiled crawfish. All was good. I had the roast beef po boy here for the first time and was really impressed. It's not that it's fancy, or beautiful, or anything, it's just delicious. The roast beef isn't sliced, like some are, it is more like pot roast. It's juicy and well seasoned. I had them add provolone to it. I don't know that the cheese made a huge difference, or that the sandwich needed it, but, hey, I like cheese. I also ordered fries with it, but didn't need them, and hubby ate them.On reputation alone, we drove here straight from the airport and it was the perfect way to welcome ourselves to New Orleans. The atmosphere is unfancy in a perfectly southern way, but the food is very good. 
The shrimp po boy had a very pleasant gravelly texture (trust me, really) and helped me to understand for the first time why this has become such an iconic sandwich, especially when I was armed with a bottle of Crystal hot sauce in the other hand. 
The homemade crabcakes were large and flavorful and that flavor was crab. Which makes them unusually excellent crabcakes in my book.
The char-grilled oysters were very nice too, though they raise an interesting and recurring question in New Orleans eating. What is the best way to eat an oyster? Can the best char-grilled oyster ever be better than the best raw oyster? How do fried oysters figure in?  One must repeat the same exercise for shrimp, etc., but experimenting with the answers is part of the fun.
Oh, and good, quick, service; a coloring book for my toddler; and a nice beer for me. Consider driving here directly from the airport.Amazing fried chicken!!! We got the half chicken platter and split it with my husband. The shrimp platter (grilled) was more like an appetizer, but most of the portions are generous. Highly recommend coming to this hole in the wall country lovin' place for the fried chicken. It's known for crawfish as well, but didn't try that.They have reopened! We went on the first day of their reopening. The bar is great - booths and stools. It's cleaner than it was before. Menu similar - fried seafood, poboys. The oyster platter was good and so was the grilled chicken salad. The catfish tasted weird. But I got a huge Sierra Nevada for $4.50. So go to the bar! Good for sports, too.A couple people recommended for us to try Frankie & Johnny's and i'm so glad we did. Nice atmosphere and very friendly service. The stuffed artichoke & red beans and rice were to die for!!I visited Frankie & Johnny's last night -- we had a great time. The food was excellent. We split pepper rings for an app. They're similar to onion rings, but with green bell peppers. I also had a bowl of the seafood gumbo. It was better than average, but not the best in the city. I also had the charbroiled oysters -- these were done perfectly. My friend tried a poboy and said it was the best he'd had all weekend. The food was authentic and affordable. They seemed a little short staffed, but we still had a great evening.The chargrilled oysters are as tasty as the crawfish! And most importantly their service is exceptional! Best restaurants I've been to in NOLA!thank god they revamped f&j's because there was otherwise no reason for its existence; however, atmosphere does not dictate food quality.  i've been thrice for crawfish, had oysters once. the oysters were good; the crawfish are never constant. i'd say i enjoyed one visit but the other two were pretty forgettable. i know f&j's is an old NOLA staple but it's by no means my go-to. more like a third alternate. it wins for convenience in the audubon end of uptown. 
they do have cold ass budweiser though. always a plus.