We took the cemetery tour with Dylan and he was great! The price of the tour was totally reasonable and we were appropriately prepped for the heat that was August in New Orleans. Dylan kept the tour at a good pace and his stories were interesting and funny. He talked about the graves we visited expertly, but made sure to treat the graves and cultures with sensitivity in his stories. If I could give him a sixth star, I would!Just finished a fantastic! Tour with Stella!! She is so much fun and just packed with great history and information. She really made the experience so wonderful! I would absolutely recommend this tour to everyone. Young and old alike it was an experience I won't soon forget! Bring water it's hot and don't forget to leave the cemetery walking backwards! This is Nawlins and you never know what might follow you out.Great deal on Yelp! Fun tour!! Would recommend to friends.We went on the Ghost & Vampire tour on October 26. I should have passed on this activity.
Susan was our guide and she was not all that great. She is actually an Irish national who fakes an American accent on purpose. Susan was not too terribly interesting and had this whole laundry list of dos and don'ts. She felt it important to discuss off-topic issues like current vampire movies and their lacking qualities. Ok......I didn't sign up for a movie critic tour.
We spent just over $30 on two tour tickets. The experience was pretty disappointing. I actually wanted more ghost than vampire on the tour but it was more vampire focused. One of the biggest disappointments - you do not get to go into any buildings and the "information" or "true stories" given to you are primarily fabricated. 
Take for example Susan's story of the murdering brothers John and Wayne Carter who allegedly were mass murders in the French Quarter with a penchant for human sacrifice or blood lust and were allegedly caught after keeping a small girl captive and drinking her blood over an extended period of days.  According to Susan, the Carters were caught and and executed sometime in the 1930s. 
After the tour, I attempted to locate more information on the brothers. A search of records for the State of Louisiana, including the official execution rolls for the state starting in the late 1800's and going through until the 1970s, had no record of the crime and punishment of the "Carters" nor of any two brothers, even by another last name.  A search of newspaper records of the target time frame likewise turned up no supporting documents.  
Susan's other stories were for the most part as unbelieveable and unsubstantiated. If you are trying to take the tour to get real ghost or other stories from the French Quarter, you can pass on this tour.We took the Music of New Orleans tour with Blais. She was a great guide, and the tour was well thought out. It was great that there was a musical soundtrack for the tour! I would recommend this tour to others!Wonderful place to take a tour! We took a cemetery tour with Leena. She was fantastic- gave a lot of great information with a background of some history of New Orleans. She was so energetic, hilarious, and positive in the brutal heat. She even stayed after to answer any further questions we had. Leena warned the entire group of the heat and gave safety pro cautions. The tour provided fans and she even bought four extra umbrellas for people where the heat was unbearable. Do not bring kids- they will be miserable. It's a great tour to go on! Don't let the heat keep you away and check groupon for some deals.We did the Ghosts and Vampires tour as well as the tour for St Louis Cemetary #1. Both of our tour guides were very knowledgeable and entertaining. My husband and I really enjoyed the stories and history we learned on each tour. My only complaint is I feel like they may have skipped some locations on the Ghost tour as my friend pointed out that there were more stops when she took one about 5 years ago. Definitely check Groupon for discounts! Tickets are $20 a person full price but we were able to get the cemetery tour for $30 for all four of us.This tour is hands down one of the most informative two hours I've spent in New Orleans.  I've been to the city multiple times and I've always avoided the tours and tourist traps or money-grabbing schemes. Not this one. Dylan, our tour guide was able to paint a vivid picture of the more interesting points of the Vieux Carre.  We visited the 700 block of Ursuline street, the LaLaurie house of American Horror Story fame, and the Ursuline convent amongst others. If you're ever in NOLA, I highly recommend this your company, and if you can, request Dylan for the best experience.Fantastic! I am so glad we did this! Our guide was Luke. He was very personable with a theater voice that you did not have to strain to hear. The stories were fascinating & entertaining, we learned a lot.Went on the St. Louis cemetery #1 tour and had an awesome time! Leena was our tour guide and she really made the whole trip. The heat was brutal but Leena made sure to warn us to grab some water bottles, sunscreen, and even some umbrellas. During the whole tour Leena was very knowledgable about the history of New Orleans, the cemetery, and always made sure to ask if we had any questions before she moved on to the next site. At certain points the sun was so intense that Leena offered up four umbrellas she brought just incase we couldn't handle it. I strongly suggest going on a tour here; I think before I leave NOLA I might even take another tour!We took the Ghost and Vampire Tour guided by Luke in early November. He did an amazing job and really made the experience for us.
This tour made about 8-9 stops and our guide wove in additional comments and pointed out buildings of interest as we passed. I think the other reviews cover most of the highlights.
He kept our group together, spoke clearly and made the stories interesting without taking too long to get to the point.
For basically the price of an adult evening movie ticket, I think it is one of the better values in NOLA and highly recommend it.I had trouble falling asleep that night bc those stories were so flippin' crazy, so I guess that's a sign of a good ghost tour. Our guide was hilarious.We travel a lot and enjoy taking tour so we thought the True Crime tour would help us learn the history of the city---which it did. However, I thought the tour was more of a recitation, something I could have read out of a book.  The guide failed to engage the LARGE tour group and you could see people weren't paying attention. He spent too much time at each location--many of which weren't the actual building where the event occurred. Also, while I thought the cost was on-par, I thought it ridiculous that they would charge the full $16 for an eight-year-old. As the tour wore on people started to ditch and before long, we did too.  Sorry, it's a good idea, just need to work on the delivery and the speed.Went in the St Louis #1 cemetery tour. Evian was awesome and super knowledgeable! Would recommendHad a great ghost & vampire tour! Duckies was a great storyteller! He was knowledgeable,  entertaining, and friendly!
Also did the cemetery tour - Lena was good too! Lots of information on Louisiana customs, learned a lot about what is fact and myth!
Would recommend both tours to anyone visiting this great city!Loved it!! Our tour guide Evian was knowledgeable, witty and fun!  We brought our 12 and 17 yo and it was just creepy enough without being gruesome or inappropriate! I highly recommend it!Great tour, great tour guide Brian. Very informative and kept us interested. We especially enjoyed hearing about the history of the city. Took a nice break for water and bio-needs halfway through. 
I highly recommend this tour to anyone looking for an entertaining couple hours while walking the quarter.Awesome tour! The group sizes were perfect, not too many people. Our tour guide Robert was a great story teller and really funny. My Gf and I loved it and recommend it for anyone looking for a creepy ghost tour in NO.My daughter and I took a last minute trip to New Orleans from Pensacola, Florida. Our guide was Justin and he did a fantastic job. Very personable and funny but lining at all the reviews, it seems like you only hire very personable people. 
We've been to New Orleans many times and knew some of the history he taught us but never knew a lot of the details we learned. The only suggestion I could make to make improvements would be to be able to gain access to the Lalaurie Mansion for an in-depth tour. I'd book that in a heart beat!Steven aka Hubert did a great job. Very entertaining and knowledgeable. I would recommend and will probably take this tour again.We went on the ghost and vampires tour. Angela was great and we had a really good time. I really liked that history was a huge focus and the way that she put the details into perspective. It didn't feel hokey or silly. It was a great tour and worth the time and money.My family and I took the tour yesterday. Our tour guide, "Blaze", was a gem! The tour was fantastic! We started off strong and she definitely played off the general vibe the tour was giving off. Full of jokes and puns she led us through some of the hauntings of NOLA. She was very knowledgeable of the paranormal goings-on as well as the general history of the new orleans. It really was a wonderful experience. I was a little confused when she didn't talk about Madame Lalaurie but she did so for good reason, her story is quite graphic and we had young children on the tour. She did point us in the right direction to her house and gave us a few facts which was nice!
It was also interesting talking to her during the break about how the tour guides are not scripted and you can essentially see a new tour every time you go! In a city with as much history as New Orleans, I'm not surprised they can pick am choose their stories. Guess that means we'll be coming back to take another tour! 
The only problem we noticed is the tour is supposed to be an hour and forty five minutes long and our tour only lasted about an hour and fifteen (that's including the half mark break) we were definitely hoping for a little more content!
Nevertheless,  we had a good time and I'm sure we'll be back!My husband and I were just taken with our tour guide and her amazing delivery of these based-in-fact New Orleans ghost stories. She indulged our questions and had patience with our excitement. Humor, intelligence, confidence, and style helped make this one of the best waking tour experiences I've had. 
 It's easy to find inside Flanagan's, the price is right, and the counter service was even friendly. The hurricanes though... Well that's for the review of the bar so I'll just leave it unsaid here.
I highly recommend taking a nighttime tour. I would do what French quarter ghost tour again and I wish I'd taken a tour of N.O. cemetery no 1 through this company. The cemetery is lovely and intriguing in a creepy, desolate kind of way, but a guide would've really kicked the fear factor up a notch.
Bottom Line: best choice for professional tours of all kind in the crescent city.My friend recommended this tour and I had a great time! The bar we met at was really cool. We checked in and hung out for about half and hour and we received our hurricane drinks to take on the tour with us. Our tour guide was very knowledgable about the historic buildings and sites. So much so that my boyfriend kept questioning her and she was spot on even about thing that's weren't tour-related. Over all great experience!Sandy, our tour guide, was outstanding.   Extremely knowledgeable, great comedic timing and delivery.   Reminded me a bit of Ellen Degeneres in terms of style of storytelling.   She even deftly handled the two young guys in our group that had a bit too much to drink.   Not a "jump out at you and scare you" kind of your but rather a highly informative and entertaining one.We were a bit skeptical about doing this initially, but are so glad we did!  Did the 6pm tour - was great watching the sun set on a beautiful night behind the historic scene of the French Quarter.  Loved learning the history behind the city and hearing the guides stories.  The group size was manageable - around 10 people.  I would recommend this to anyone.We took both the Ghosts & Vampires tour and the Cemetery tour. Both were very good, but enjoyed the Cemetery tour more. Guide provided a lot of great city background on the way to the cemetery. Just the right amount of info to interest you but not an overload. Would definitely recommend tours from here.Sam's Garden District/Lafayette Cemetery tour was fantastic, start to finish. Highly recommend!Great tour. Our friendly and knowledgeable guide really made the experience entertaining for us!
I'm sure the 2 for 1 hurricanes before the adventure also didn't hurt!Hi all.  Just in case you're looking for the right tour and not sure - this is the one.  Quality and fun.
Bartendars at the Voodoo Lounge weren't the friendliest... but this post isn't about that.
My wife and I went on the Ghost and Vampire tour and we enjoyed ourselves immensely.   We are 50-ish and found the walking tour easy.  No major stairs or uncomfortable terrain.  Bring your favorite walking shoes and your ears.  This tour is for listening... not chatting over your guide.
Enjoy the city and respect it.  Don't wander off and follow your guide's advice.  Bring your "GO CUP" and keep it as a great souvenir.  Your tour guide will ask you to leave a path on the sidewalks and not stand in the street.  LISTEN TO THEM... it is for your safety and the good of the relations with locals.  Keeps everyone happy.
I'd really like to give a shout out to our guide Miss Stella.  She had her game 'on' perfectly... was funny, informative and a great presenter.  She was happy to chat up each member of her tour as we strolled along and dealt with the high-fiving brohamus passer by drunkards like a pro.  
Bring at least $5 per person in your party for a tip.  Seriously.  Do it.
Suggestion - afterwards - if you're hungry... stop into PERE ANTOINE'S for BBQ Shrimp.  The tour ends nearby and my wife and I sat and talked and recanted the stories we learned.  Great dinner discussion.  
This company is legit - so we did the Graveyard tour the next day.The tour was educational an awesome. Malika was a great tour guide. We really enjoyed the information on all the great haunts.I had a great time on the tours! I booked two over my weekend and I felt like I learned a lot during each tour. Both guides rocked, were funny, answered questions, and seemed to enjoy giving the tours. I would highly recommend going on a tour with French Quarter Phantoms and will be booking another tour next time I'm back in NOLA.Hope made the trip worth staying out in the August heat!!! 
We learned history, folklore and hearsay BUT it truly made for a very interesting night!!!  A Must do for anyone who comes to New Orleans!!!!Tour w Sandy was awesome!  A great story teller with lots of tidbits and history.  Great sense of humor.I was mistaken as to what company held it to her that we attended last night the Phantom company is fantasticLiz was great! I recommend this tour if you want a killer (har har) balance of personal experiences mixed with history and lore. Her personal experiences were some of the more memorable points and added a flair between some of the bigger tales. A few nights later, my friends and I took a few slightly-wrong-ish turns and accidentally ended up on one of the more spookier, quieter streets. We had been walking for a few minutes and looked down on the corner and when we saw the name of the street, it was one that Liz had mentioned that as a native to New Orleans she "never walks down by herself." We both got goosebumps and immediately hoofed it out of there. Clearly, our tour stuck with us even a few days later!FABULOUS cemetery tour with master storyteller Evian. This is one of the best "sightseeing" events I've ever been on. Warning: Lots of gruesome talk of decomposing bodies, yellow fever deaths, the reality of reusing a crypt... Loved it.Can I give Stephen all the stars, because he was lovely. He was fascinating, and knowledgeable, and energetic, and witty as could be. I would recommend this tour and Stephen specifically to anyone. We heard other tours going on around us and they weren't nearly as fascinating. And to get back to Stephen for a second, he was also VERY courteous of the other tours going on, making sure not to hog the high traffic areas, but still give the best stories and historical facts.
Also, this tour started at the Voodoo Lounge, which is the most dog friendly bar in existence. Do it.If you find yourself in NOLA, if you do anything (other than eat seafood and beignets) go on one of these tours. I've been on two tours, and both have been nothing short of a blast! If you're a history lover, much like myself, you'll love the tour! The tours are packed with NOLA history, folk lore, and ghost stories. 
My most recent tour guide was just excellent. He was funny and kept my attention the entire time. The tour began at the VooDoo Lounge. My friends and I took advantage of the 2-1 Hurricanes at the bar. Note: When you purchase tour passes, you can purchase 2 Hurricanes for the price of 1 at the bar in a plastic souvenir French Quarter Phantoms cup. 
Now onto the tour. The ghost stories and folk lore my tour guide covered left me with chills running down my spine. The stories covered everything from vampire lore in the city to the chilling tale of a haunted residence in the Quarter. Part way through, the tour stops for a restroom break and drinks. Having just drank an entire Hurricane, I took full advantage of the free water in the back of the location we stopped at! One of the tour highlights for me was seeing the Old Ursuline Convent. It's absolutely massive and the story behind it gave me goosebumps. 
You can't go to NOLA and not do a ghost tour! They are an excellent way to end an event filled day or to start an exciting night on Bourbon Street.I first came in Dec and had the Cemetery tour with Audrey, she is great, lots of good information. I also took the Saints and Sinners tour.
Came back the weekend of Jazz Fest and took the music tour with Andrew and the Saints and Sinners tour again but this time with Stella. Saints and Sinners is still by favorite, but both were fantastic. Both tours talked about the history of New Orleans. Stella had a lot of knowledge and does a very thorough Saints and sinners tour. Bought all my tickets through groupon- don't forget to bring cash to tip the tour guides. Also comfortable shoes.We were told that the tour was family friendly, so we took our 4 kids, ages 5, 6, 9 and 11. The stories were more gruesome than expected, but our 9 & 11 year old loved it! However, it scared our 6 year-old and it didn't capture the attention of our 5 year old (no surprise). Overall, a good tour.So fun. We investigated a former infant asylum. We think we contacted a spirit named James. Alexis our guide was super cool and very knowledgeable. Would definitely do a tour with them again.Amazing. Go here because it's a tour, high entertainment and your kids will actually see history come alive. We were lucky enough to be booked with Trevor and holy cow does he know his stuff.  Part social studies class, part comedy routine, he shows you the city, the graveyards and weaves in the background/culture of the area. 
Just to note:
-the kids enjoyed it completely. This was their favorite thing on the whole vacation and one commented "he should be my history teacher. No one would ever fall asleep in class"
-it is LONG with loads of walking. Don't bring grandma who tires easily. Wear comfortable shoes, bring water and don't be afraid to walk up front where he can keep an eye on your pace.  This guy moves fast. 
-please buy something at CC coffee co. These poor folks host every damn day and no one but our family bought anything when I was there. 
-ask questions, comment and show interest. This guy will light up.This is a neat way to get to know the city without the boring tour guide feel. 
Vampires & Ghosts tour with Thomas was pretty fun. In addition to the stories, all the walking around helped us familiarize ourselves with the layout of the french quarter. I think this made getting around town a bit easier. Thomas was also helpful in giving recommendations for food and activities. 
You have to take one of these tours when you're in town.Went on the ghost and vampire tour and learned a lot about the history of the area. Don't remember the name of the tour guide but it was Monday the 10th of September at 6 PM.  She did a great job and answered all the questions that people asked.  Maybe about a mile in total to walk with a short break at the midpoint of the tour.I went on The True Crime Tour with a group of friends - two veteran locals, two newcomers and two friends from out of town -I hesitate to call such nice folks "tourists".  At any rate, a marvelous time was had by all!  Our guide, Thomas, kept us entertained with his vivid and lively depictions of French Quarter mobsters and marauders bygone.  I have the attention span of a small anxious terrier, but our cicerone was so informative and engaging with an obvious love of the city, I may have inadvertently learned a thing or two.  Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in local history or just looking for a fun and offbeat way to spend the evening.  I will return for a Cemetery Tour when the weather is not so sultry.I've done ghost tours in a number of cities. (And I mean a large number- this may be like my 12th ghost tour in the US.)  This one was pretty entertaining.  Luke was our guide.  Luke had a sense of humor and was knowledgeable about New Orleans history.  
Stay away from the hurricanes that they sell "two for one" at the bar where the tour meets.  They are watered down, crappy, and will just make you have to go to the bathroom throughout the entire tour.  And I was having trouble juggling my two drinks, the little fan that they gave us, and my camera.  
There were a fair number of spooky stories and some folklore.  I don't think I captured any orbs on my camera for this particular tour, but part of it took place before sundown.  
The one story that fascinated me the most was the alleged vampire story about the two girls filming a documentary and had the top part of their backs pierced, and something of "machine-like strength" drained all the blood out of their bodies.  Apparently, it makes most sense for vampires to bite here (not the neck) because the blood is from an artery, flowing away from the heart, which contain the most fresh, delicious, and oxygenated blood. 
Of course you will see the LaLaurie house, which Nick Cage owned at one time and was allegedly driven out by the ghosts there.  Look up the story online- I probably forget most of the details.  
The bar that is the "halfway point" is a cozy little dark venue, that would be a great place to make out with a date at a dark table in the corner, but not on a night when a ghost tour is going on, because it's packed. There must have been 10 other ghost tour groups here, as well.  Heard the hurricanes were better there, though. So maybe after a few of those it *would* still be a great spot to make out with your date.  Or not your date.  Or just someone you met on the ghost tour.    Or a ghost.  Or a vampire.  Shoot!  It's New Orleans- anything goes!
The only thing that sucks about this tour is that it's too large.  20 people = too many.  Maybe do it on a Tuesday night (not during Halloween season).  We were there on a Saturday night, and too many tourists spoil the ambiance.  
New Orleans, Savannah, Charleston, all of these southern towns claim to be the "most haunted".  I think Savannah might win that contest.  Albuquerque wins for the creepiest ghost tour.  New Orleans however is pretty creepy.  A city full of spirits.  And spirits.  And vampires with whom to make out.Stephen gave a graduate level tour of St. Louis #1.  He's extremely knowledgeable, considerate and cares a great deal about his guests. Occasionally he was funny too. There is no better guide for this trip I am sure.We did the Saint Louis #1 cemetery tour and our guide was Andrew. I don't think we could have had a better guide or experience! The tour was fascinating and Andrew was very likable he was a great mix of funny and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this tour!These guys were awesome!!! My girl friend and I did the ghost tour with Thomas as our guide and he was aces and hysterical, what I really liked about this tour was that they give you the truth which is a lot cooler and creepier than any embellished story anyone could make up about these places, would suggest doing the 6 pm tour so you can see the buildings a little bit better than the 8 pm one, 
We liked this tour group so much that the next day we signed up for the 11 am cemetery tour and we had Trevor as our tour guide, you would expect that as a tour guide only having two people in your group would be a little disheartening, but it didn't bother him, he just seemed to be psyched up to share his knowledge with some inquiring minds, another awesome and hysterical and extremely knowledgeable tour that we were beyond excited that we got to take, would also recommend bringing plenty of water, also with this tour group they give you a 3$ off one ticket if you end up doing both tours which is pretty cool, thank you guys again for such an awesome tour!!!!!Such a fun tour, took my mom who was visiting and some friends, and we had the best time! Justin was so much fun, a great storyteller and a sweetheart! Definitely request that dude- loved him as our guide!Tour guide Susan was great. Learned a lot and all stories checked out. Fun!Graveyard Tour - We took this tour today and our guide Blaise was amazing!  I would definitely use this tour company again. Thanks Blaise!This should be the first thing you do when staying in the French Quarter. You'll never look at those old houses the same way again! Our tour guide, Justin, was great! Super charismatic and funny. And he recommended the best Po Boy we had in new Orleans. Also he looks like Ronaldo from Stephen Universe which is awesome. Keep New Orleans weird!Dartanya is the Bomb diggity!!!! She made my first trip to the New Orleans incredible. Check out the tour for a good time.Lena's Cemetery your was great! Informative, plenty of time in the cemetery, and willing to take questions from you and old! Excellent job Lena!  
Nicolo.., duuuude, you made our night on the St. Vincent tour!!! Great experience, fun had by all.Went on the tour the Friday before Mardi Gras so lots of people were on the tour which isnt a problem as we were split up into several smaller groups. After checking in we ordered two hurricanes, sooo good then headed on the tour.
Our tour guide was energetic and knowledgeable , a great story teller with passion. So this review isnt about her, at all. I did feel a bit let down, there were not as many ghost stories being told that could have been. Maybe that is because each tour guide has to research everything them selves and they dont have specific stories to tell other than what they find out. They do not get handed down to them to tell and build upon with new stories and personal experiences. I like the idea of not having a script but I felt a bit cheated with the few stories of ghosts.
However we did get a great story about how vampire lore came to be in NOLA. Festinating. 
I would go on this tour again and get a different guide to hear their stories.Our tour guide was Liz and she was fabulous. Spookie stories and walking tour that wasnt exhausting. We bpught the deal which is a bargain. Had a drink, and saw some creepy houses with stories non locals would never hear. Worth it.The ghost and vampire tour was definitely a highlight of our recent trip!  Tour guide Luke was engaging and informative.  I drug my husband, who hates all things historical and ghost related so I was mostly expecting him to just trod along looking both bored and cranky, but he actually had a good time.  I think the tour was about 90 minutes, perfect amount of time to wander through the quarter and learn some history.  No ghosts appeared for me (rats), but next time I'm totally staying in one of the allegedly haunted hotels.  I've been on one of the more mainstream tours on previous trips and I liked this one way better.  Less kitchy, smaller group, and better tour guide.  A must do!This tour was fascinating and Stephen was energetic, knowledgeable, and fun! The tour starts at the Voodoo Lounge with 2 for 1 Hurricanes! It's about a mile of walking, but much of it is done standing and listening, so this will not tax you physically. I would urge anyone that they need to watch their step! The cemetery has lots of uneven ground. We listened in to other tours happening around the cemetery and Stephen was clearly the best tour guide...but if you're looking for a boring, monotone snoozefest, definitely go with another company.Absolutely fantastic! Me and two other people took four of their tours and I  would definitely recommend it  to other people!
Our first tour on Saturday was the music and jazz tour and the guide, Stella, was fantastic and passionate about the subject matter, definitely the best choice for that tour!
Our second tour on Sunday was the St. Louis Cemetery #1 and our guide was Robin. She did a great job, answered any question asked, and was definitely informative on the subject matter.
Our third Tour, also on Sunday, was the crime tour, and our guide was Robert, he was fantastic and definitely the correct choice for this tour, his passion on the subject made it interesting, he was also quiet funny!
And lastly on Monday we had the Ghost and Vampire tour, and our guide was Sam.
He was fantastic, personable, and in my own opinion pretty cute. But I digress he had knowledge on the subject and definitely made the LaLaurie house much creepier then what I thought it was, and definitely did not want to get close to that house after the tour.
Tl;dr: fantastic all around 20/10, Stella, Robin, Robert, and Sam did great and should rack up more tips then I'm sure they recieve.If you're visiting New Orleans and are into this type of thing, I would recommend doing it earlier during your stay rather than later, so that you get a feel for some of the old creepy history of the town. We had Trevor for a guide; he seemed knowledgeable of the city's haunted history and was funny and engaging. The 2-for-1 hurricanes are mass-produced and poured from a Gatorade cooler, but they are quite strong for those looking to put a buzz on. We heard some scary stories, some funny stories, and some just plain interesting facts about New Orleans history. Although the tours launch from a bar, I would consider this a relatively kid-friendly activity for New Orleans.My sister and I went on the Saints and Sinners tour with Sandy this afternoon and we had a great time.  We've been on many tours here over the years but we still learned a lot of new and interesting things from Sandy, whose sense of humor and storytelling ability really brought the tawdry history of Nola to life.  I would definitely suggest this tour, company, and tour guide to anyone wanting to learn about this city's colorful and dirty history.*Ghosts and Vampires Tour*
Having never been on a ghost or vampire tour before my sisters and I didn't know what to expect..but we were pleasantly surprised! We booked online for $16 each and arrived at the bar (meeting place) early enough to grab a drink which was fun. We had Luke who gave off a very professional yet fun vibe from the get-go. He let us know that there wouldn't be a TON of history throughout the tour but would be more based on legends and folklore. We visited about 6 different haunted locations where Luke provided the creepy details and stories behind each place. I like the fact that he included encounters that people have recently had at the locations and he himself seemed genuinely very interested in the vampire/cult culture of New Orleans which is pretty strange. There was a 10-15 minute break at a really cool bar before heading over to the most violent and scary of the locations. 
The only cons to this tour would be the city itself is kind of loud and sometimes we had trouble hearing over the noise, but what do you expect! Also I wish we were able to visit more locations and learn more about vampires. Luke was a pretty good guide and I definitely would be happy to go on a tour with him again because he got right down to business and kept things light and funny yet serious when needed.What a great tour! Luke was our guide and not only was he a great story teller, he was really a nice guy. Our group seemed to have a lot of questions on not only the haunted locations we visited, but the history of NOLA as well, and he was right on it and seemed happy to answer any and all questions they had. While walking to one of the locations, my boyfriend and I were at the front of the group and he took the time to ask us where we were from, if we were enjoying ourselves and if we had anything in particular we'd like to ask/see. We had a great time. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, is because I wish it had been just a little longer! Thanks for a great tour Luke, keep it up :)They have a deal on the yelp app. They were super chill about honoring the deal even though my phone was not letting me process the deal, since the 3G is nonexistent at Flanagan's.
Our tour guide was not theatrical, histrionic, or really engaged in making the material interesting. It is supposed to be a performance. Change your voice, yell "ooooooh scaryyyyy ghostssssssssssss" or something. I don't know. This was basically like the voice you use to read off of notecards about risk management, why ovaltine isn't called roundtine, or otherwise incredibly boring material. It was not engaging at all.
I suppose Treme made all of the local actors and actresses famous and they all fled for LA, and these were townies just plucked off of the street at the last moment who were just doing the best that they could.
Their chillness accepting the yelp deal goes a long way though. For the price of a concert ticket at a cheap venue you get off your ass and do some walking, which if that's what it takes, then it was a good use of $15 - and you can bring your hand grenade, hurricane, or other drink along with you on the stroll so this beats any kind of exercise you can do at the gym.We took the cemetery tour, with Tessy.  She was very knowledgeable, funny, and helpful.  Herding a group that big, that far, can be a pain, but she did it well.  
Along the way she gave an overview of New Orleans history, and general local cemetery lore.  We stopped just outside St. Louis #1 at the visitor center, then headed in,  Inside the cemetery she explained its history and showed us many interesting tombs.  Afterward, you can stay and wander on your own.
Book online for a discount.  We'll definitely take another tour with them when we go back.This tour was so much fun! Aubrey, our tour guide was phenomenal! She knew her stuff and you could tell how devoted she was to the attendees. Since I'm in a wheelchair was she very good at telling me where I would need some assistance.Luke our tour guide was great!  The cemetery tour was good and you learn a lot of things of why things are done the way they are.  Luke seemed pretty knowledgeable and was able to answer any questions someone in the group had.  Would definitely recommend!!  Only bad part is you can't drink in the cemetery but that's a city thing not this companies.Saints and Sinners with our guide Sandy was the BEST TOUR. She really spoke to how colorful the history of New Orleans is. We stopped at Pirates Alley Café (great chance to stop and get a strong drink), learned about Bourbon St and Royal, and covered more content at Jackson Square. Sandy was knowledgeable, funny, energetic,and interactive. So worth the money. Highly Recommend.This was a lot of fun and very interesting for both me and my daughter (age 15). I'm not sure younger kids would get much out of it. It was pretty cool from a historical standpoint, and there was a lot of ghostly facts I didn't know. Our guide's name was Tessie, and she was very funny and interesting. It was pretty cool.I thoroughly enjoyed this tour. I had been in New Orleans exploring the French Quarter for the last three days, and I was able to see new things and learn a lot about the history of New Orleans. I went on this tour with my husband. He's a pretty straight laced kind of person who only likes serious things, and doesn't go for cheesy tourist attractions, but he ended up loving the tour. 
The quality of the tour is credited to our tour guide Thomas. He was knowledgable and friendly. He spent time taking us through the legends and the history. For example, he explained to us the reasoning behind why people believe vampires existed. I had a great time, and if I had the time I would go on the other tours the company offers.We did the Ghosts & Vampires Tour and were mostly disappointed. Lots of walking with random stops to hear stories that may or may not be true but were definitely not "spine tingling" in anyway. Just not what we expected.This was the best tour ever!! My family and I took the ghost and vampire tour on 6/28/14 at 6pm. Our tour guide Tessy or Tessi was phenomenal!! She was very knowledgable and entertaining!! Really interesting about all the crazy stories!! I love it!We did the Ghosts and Vampire Tours. The tour was great and interesting. Our guide was full of life and dry wit...just how I like it. All of the information was delivered perfectly and I found myself walking a little faster between each destination because I couldn't wait to hear about the next one. The ending was a little abrupt and left me waiting more. After the story was given at the last location we said goodbye and the group parted in different directions. I wish we could have been invited into the last spot for a haunted drink...or something. It would have left me feeling a little more complete and not left so high and dry. However, I would recommend this tour to anyone.My friends, husband and myself wanted to do a cemetery tour while visiting New Orleans. The tour was organized, even though there was a big group, it was the Friday before New Year's. 
Our tour guide was Justin, and he was witty, and knowledgable. My photo with him did not save, (but he was amazing).
The tour is of St. Louis Cemetery No. 1. It is a walking tour, so wear comfortable shoes. You get a history of the famous cemetery and everyone who now resides there. :-) You will just tour this cemetery. There is a quick bathroom break, before the tour. The tour is $16. 
It added to our experience. I strongly suggest it, and say hi to Justin for me.Pretty cool 
Went on the ghosts and vampires tour
Would have liked to hear more stories about the actual ghosts but it was nonetheless very interesting. Worth the price thoughWe took the ghost and vampire tour and had a great time! I was the one out of our group of four that pushed to go since I like stuff like that so I was concerned about the more skeptical members of our group. Susan was our guide and she did a great job. She was funny and informative and didn't make the ghost stuff sound cheesy., ie- she added the haunting stuff  at the end of the factual stuff so that the haunting info sounded more factual.  We bought the yelp deal and for $15 per person it was quite a $15 well spent for two hours. Great job Susan and we highly recommend.Took the Ghost and Vampire tour with Luke on 2/26, and it was very fun.  He knew his stuff and was a great storyteller.  It was raining and we had to take a detour because they were filming a movie, but I really enjoyed myself.  I'd take the True Crime tour the next time I'm in town.  Highly recommended!!We got a Groupon for the Cemetary Walking Tour. It was so much more than that! We did tour the cemetary, but along the way we learned so many interesting things about New Orleans history, architecture and colorful characters. Our tour guide, Robert, was terrific! He made the walk fun and informative. I would highly recommend this tour, Groupon or not!My husband and I just returned from our first New Orleans trip and the two tours we took with French Quarter Phantoms ended up being our favorite part of the whole experience!
The first tour we took was to St. Louis Cemetery #1 at 10am on a Sunday with Blaise. There were a ton of people on this tour, so be sure to stand next to the guide if you're a little hard of hearing. Probably don't have to mention this, but it is HOT and HUMID in New Orleans, so please heed the many warnings from your tour guides to bring water.
Blaise was cynical and sarcastic which is right up our alley. She also was a wealth of information and offered a lot of interesting facts about the founding of the city, burial practices and voodoo and its misconceptions. I learned many cool things!
Our second tour was the "Saints and Sinners" tour with Robert. He shared a lot of obscure information about people from the city and warned us from the start that there was really only one saint he was going to talk about as the city seems more aligned with its sinful pleasures. The tour was supposed to take about an hour and 45 minutes, but he ended up taking us around for a little more than 2 hours. He was engaging and easygoing, and we had a great time and learned a lot.
Side note: the bar where you meet to start your tour (The Voodoo Lounge) became one of our favorite spots. The bartenders were treating us like regulars right off the bat.
Next time we're in NOLA, we're definitely going to sign up for the others tours they have to offer!Came to nola for a work trip ave was only here 2 nights. Since we were busy all day and couldn't do the cemetary tour so we decided on a ghost tour. So glad we did! The history is fun to hear and I loved looking at the different architecture. Would highly recommend the ghost and vampire tour!My favorite part of my trip to NOLA was definitely the ghost & vampire tour .. Take the tour at night and have your hurricane at the bar a few mins before the tour, to set the mood! Luke was our tour guide and he was very knowledgable and answered all of our questions! I loved this tour and would take it all over again with Luke... Fun times :) thanks for the memories !!!Amazing ghost and vampire tour with Hope this evening. It was a great ~90 minute walking tour through the French quarter featuring stories of ghosts, vampires and disease. For adult guests the tour started at the Voodoo Bar, and with a bar stop in the middle for sustenance. I definitely look forward to coming back and trying more of the tour options from French Quarter Phantoms!We have been on numerous tours but the French Quarter Phantoms tours has them beat!
We did a ghost tour with Hope, she was just the right mix of total adorable southern belle mixed with gruff New Orleanian. She knows her stuff and we would go on another tour with her immediately!
We took the True Crime tour with Thomas yesterday afternoon. There was only my husband and I but we learned quite a bit about the mafia influence and the tale of the axe man. Not to mention the black hand and the Italian/Irish history. Thomas was wonderful and we enjoyed hearing his tales immensely.
French Quarter Phantoms is THE tour company to use when you visit NOLA.Phillip was very well informed, very articulate , and included a very tasteful balance of dry humor. If you take the cemetery tour, ask for Philip! :DRobin, thank you for the fabulous Treme Tour.  This was our second time taking this tour with Robin, she is fun, knowledgeable and personable.  This being my second time, I learned more about Treme. She takes her job seriously.  If you want a great tour and tour guide  ask for her!!!!   She knows her stuff!!!!! 
We also took the evening haunted tour with Justin....who was also fantastic.  Great historian and story teller.Audrey did an awesome job on the Cemetery Tour! I learned a lot of truths to the mysteries and myths I have heard about in the past.I've never been to this state before, I'm here on work, and wants to get a little "me" time in. I love ghost tours so I googled and booked, honestly without even checking the reviews. I figured I'd go blind on this one. I enter the bar and they can immediately tell I'm looking for the tour and they point me through the double doors. It was very easy getting the tickets.
I hung out in the bar waiting for the tour to start, they had some fun art on the walls and an Atari game along with a bunch on interesting books. I saw one on Buddhism, star wars, Douglas Adams, and one for raising your "spirited" child.
I went on the ghost and vampire tour. Bobby was the tour guide and he was phenomenal! Great story telling and incredibly knowledgeable. At point one a couple pointed to a random building and was like "that looks like it should be famous for something" and sure enough he had some stories on that even though they weren't really ghost related.
For having blindly chosen a random tour it was awesome. He spoke clearly and loudly and was full of information. I highly recommend this tour. It was really fun.We took the Ghost and Vampire tour during our bachelorette trip to New Orleans. Emily, our tour guide, was awesome!! She was very knowledgeable about the history and a great story teller (we loved her blue unicorn outfit too). :-) The size of the tour group was awesome... only like 14 people. Wish there were more vampire stories though!Did a Ghost n Vampire Tour 2nite in NOLA and gotta saw Aubrey was AMAZEBALLS!! She sure knows her ghosts plus she liked to crack jokes and make us laugh! Aubrey was super stoked that there were tv crew and lights on in the LaLaurie Mansion!! It was nice to learn about some history of the city and the haunted bldgs that we save. Creepy, entertaining, interesting and informative!! Most def recommend this tour!! Plus got 2 for 1 Hurricanes at the Voodoo lounge!!Take a cemetery tour, they said.
It will be fun, they said!
THEY WERE RIGHT!
Being that as soon as we set foot in the Big Easy, I was determined to experience all things voodoo - with my heart set on St Louis #1 Cemetery! On the morning of 10/09/17 - we made our way to the french quarter!
Let me start by saying, this tour was OUTSTANDING. Here's why:
RESERVATIONS/PRICING: Highly recommended and easy to do!  Via telephone, website or even through the Yelp App! We called ahead (as we didn't have a computer or internet access at our Airbnb) and the process was simple. The tour is quite popular and reservations are pretty much necessary! Pick up your tickets at the Voodoo Lounge - and redeem a buy one/get one Hurricane! Pricing is totally reasonable and affordable! $20/adults, $16/military or students and a yelp deal of 25% off when you book through YELP! :) 
CEMETERY TOUR: Hands down, the coolest tour I've been on. Our guide Audrey was outstanding, super outgoing and full of enthusiasm! She made the entire tour, really! She was stocked full of knowledge (about the city, voodoo itself, jazz history, Marie Laveau (our hero!), and the cemetery itself), lead us to Marie's tomb first (!!), guided us throughout the entire cemetery and answered all our questions - seamlessly! When it started to pour down rain (we had JUST walked in the cemetery), she lead us back to the visitor center and continued the tour, until the rain stopped. THEN offered to take us back into the cemetery so we could "get our money's worth"! She went above and beyond to ensure we had a great experience and extended our tour based on the weather! I can not appreciate Audrey enough!! :)
In fact, all staff part of this tour company were so welcoming and friendly! 
I'd highly recommend this tour to anyone and can't wait to take another jaunt through NOLA when we return! :)Fantastic tour; highly recommended.
Duckie has excellent stage presence and delivery.  Whether you believe in ghosts or not, you want a guide who makes it entertaining; someone fun to listen to.  Duckie could make a living in comedy.  (My girlfriend commented, "the tour comes with a dance number?!")
Couple of other things that I think are worth noting:
* Duckie knows his New Orleans history.  yeah, you signed up for a ghost tour, but Duckie will teach you some history on the side.  I've done some research on some of the history that Duckie mentions, and Duckie knows his history.  Some of the stuff he explains is actually rather subtle, but he still makes it fun.  I had entered the tour expecting superficial entertainment; I got much more than I paid for.
* We passed multiple other tours in the quarter; most of them greeted Duckie warmly;  It says something that he has the respect of his peers.
* People other than his peers were less polite; during the tour, a van swerved across the road to intimidate Ducky, and actually clipped him slightly.  Three different groups either heckled Ducky or started acting out behind Ducky simply to distract people.  Ducky dealt with each of these in stride.  I admire his professionalism; even if he doesn't get hit by a car on your tour, recognize that this guy is a professional, and that his job isn't as easy as it might appear.
Take the tour; you'll be entertained, you'll learn something and you'll have fun.Great tour.  Luke was an awesome tour guide. Must do when you come to NOLA. Wear good walking shoes and loose clothes. GP rated. Good for anyone.We had a wonderful time on our saints and sinners tour.   We learned so much history and about what makes New Orleans what it is.   Our guide Laurie was super knowledgeable and brought the stories to life.  She was just the right combo if fun, friendly , and professional.   We had a blast.  Highly recommend this tour!!We really enjoyed the Ghost and Vampire tour with Thomas. He was very knowledgeable, funny, and entertaining, and tried hard to present the full ghost/vampire experience without scaring the young children on the tour too much. I would give him five stars for his performance, which was just terrific. 
The tour itself is pretty enjoyable. We visited several sites that are infamous for various reasons (mostly murders, voodoo, fatal tragedies, rumors of spooky activities). It was interesting, but two hours of ghoulish tales became a bit excessive for us. 
All in all, I would really recommend this tour, especially if you're with a group of adults and have a beverage or two in hand. There's a nice refreshment break in the middle of the tour, which is a great way to get refills. Enjoy!We took the graveyard tour yesterday and are glad we did. Trevor was fantastic- very knowledgable and full of interesting facts and stories. The tour was not limited to a graveyard theme, which was a good thing. Definitely a highlight of our trip.My girlfriend and I were in NOLA the past 4 days, and French Quarter Phantoms was something we looked into doing based solely on the basis that it existed online.  We knew nothing about it except for previous reviews.  Boy did we have a great time.
First we called the night before we went to make sure we could use a yelp deal and make sure it was not full that night.  I believe a woman named Mary answered the phone, very accomodative, made it easy, and made the whole experience great at the get-go.
We made it there about 45 min before the tour, again "Mary" was great in helping us figure out the yelp deal while we were there. Fyi free wifi at flanigans, awesome.
Then we got our 2-4-1 hurricanes which were better than proclaimed in past reviews.  My gf and I are wvu grads and we know how to drink, they were stronger than expected, but not putting me on my ass. Its true they are poured from a sports cooler.
The tour....wow....our tour guide was named Hope, she is from Kentucky ya'll, but she has been a local for quiet some time.  She was amazing.  I can not give away the stories, but she made the tour one of our best parts of our vacation. 
You cannot pass this up, do not forget to tip her at the end.Hope is an amazing tour guide! I had the pleasure of her running two of my tours. She is extremely knowledgeable and genuine. She provided us with tons of history as well recommendations for great local finds (i.e. Shopping and restaurants). You'd be a fool to not take a tour with this company. Ask for Hope as your tour guide, you'll be thankful that you did!Aubrey was amazing, funny and positive made it seem like she really enjoyed what she did. Would walk that tour again with her just because of her personality alone! The company is lucky to have her...This was a very average your we stopped at maybe five places?  Although this was a decent value, there were lots of kids and I'm not sure it was all that kid appropriate.  The highlight was the drinks at the voodoo loungeThe tour and the tour guide were outstanding.  Angela, our tour guide was extremely knowledgeable and made sure everyone was having a great time.  The only problem with my particular tour was the drunk couple always interrupting her; they were obnoxious.My husband and I took the 8pm tour starting from Flanagan's Pub.  Not sure why Flanagan's is the tours headquarters...its a dive and the bathrooms are disgusting.  Drinks are not that great either and they're pricy even the hurricanes at 12 bucks are a joke BOGO... Our guide, Philip, did a great job and is a good story teller. Just wish we did not go back to Flanagan's for our 1/2-way break.Best tour EVER. Our guide, Philip, was smart, funny, knowledgeable, and personable. You could tell he knew these stories & facts inside and out and he made the tour so fun and engaging. He was also pretty dreamy...The ghost tour was by far the highlight of our stay in NOLA! My boyfriend and I aren't big on history so we were a little skeptical that it would just be a 2 hour history lesson.  However, our tour guide Susan was extremely friendly and very informative! She made the tour fun and interesting. I would definitely recommend this tour. And the price was very reasonable for the amount of entertainment!Steven was awesome!  Knowledgable, funny and charming. Totally worth the money and time!Aubrey was our tour guide and she was great the price was worth and the cheapest tour there was. Great tour!!!My two friends and I went on the Cemetery Tour. The guide, Trevor, was funny and did a great job covering the history of the city, local architecture, as well as teaching us about the famous and infamous people buried in the cemetery. I was impressed by the breadth of Trevor's knowledge about the cemetery, which went far beyond stopping to take photos of Marie Laveau's tomb. He was clearly passionate about the city as well as the historical sites, which made the experience memorable and fun. 
FYI to anyone headed out on this tour, be sure to wear sunscreen and bring a hat. The tour stops at the visitor center before going into the cemetery. If you've forgotten water or sunscreen you can purchase them at the gift shop. The guide warned us about the sun being extra intense as it reflects off the tombs, but I was too excited about exploring and taking pictures to remember to put my hat on. I ended up with a pretty nasty sunburn along where I usually part my hair (my fault..I was warned). 
Long story short, I'd definitely recommend this tour (even without the Groupon)!Took the Ghost & Vampire tour with our birthday group and had a blast! #ourhandsometourguide, Justin, really made the night by having a great balance of humor, engaging storytelling and just being an overall great host. His awareness of his surroundings and ours was awesome and I appreciated the respect for the residents by reminding everyone to leave room for other people on the sidewalks and to not lean on other people's property. So lots of kudos to that! 
We visited a few historic  spots and learned a bunch of cool tales that I hadn't heard of before. Justin didn't skimp on details and even shared some stories that his past clientele have passed onto him. If you're in New Orleans and in the mood for good, spooky storytelling fun, definitely book with these guys and ask for Justin! Looking forward to my next visit to check out the cemetery tour with them. Thanks for the great night!As everyone probably knows by now, you can only tour New Orleans' oldest cemetery, St. Louis Cemetery No. 1, with a licensed tour guide. I looked around and French Quarter Phantoms stood out as being among the tour providers. They were highly rated by others and our tour met our expectations.
We started at the Voodoo Lounge on N Rampart St. (BTW, your wrist band entitles you to one free Hurricane there.) Our tour guide, Andrew, was very good. He had previously served as a tour guide at Gettysburg National Military Park. His knowledge of New Orleans and St. Louis Cemetery No. 1 was extensive and he added color and a lot of humor to his descriptions. Andrew pointed out the tombs and back stories of Supreme Court plaintiff Homer Plessy, Voodoo queen Marie Laveau, aristocrat Bernard de Marigny, and actor Nicholas Cage among others. He gladly entertained questions and was able to answer them all.
If you're looking for a tour of St. Louis Cemetery No. 1, I highly suggest considering French Quarter Phantoms. I believe it's among the best in providing this tour.Took the cemetery tour with Andrew. He was knowledgeable, nerdy and had a great sense of humor. Best tour guide hands down.Stephen was a great tour guide, loved the tour!  Lots of history and fun stories, this guy really knew his stuff.  It was cool that he is a local and has personal stories related to some of the sites.Last min tour booked for Ghost & Vampire Combo Tour w/ French Quarter Phantoms & it was a fun couple of hours
Liz was our tour guide & she was fab!  The pace was leisurely yet it didn't feel like we were lingering.  We got to see a few famous haunted hotels, theaters, & houses & there were stories galore!
For believers & skeptics alike, I really liked how Liz ( a believer ) presented her researched facts & even though rumors are definitely rampant all around the French Quarter, Liz would only present things she personally confirmed through her research or personal experience & would let us know if something had not been confirmed so we could determine the "truth" for ourselves
And I kid you not, as we were taking a break, these people in the hotel directly across from our pub were sitting on the balcony & had overheard Liz's ghost story about their hotel being haunted by a mischievous child who liked to steal jewelry & the people told us *their* jewelry had gone missing and / or been moved while they've been staying there!  It was unreal & awesome all at the same time!
Liz advised them what to do to get the ghost to return the stolen items - wonder if it worked!!
If you're looking for some cool history of the nearby surrounding area from genuine believers w/ zero camp, mockery, or cheesy acting, this is the tour to take!Blaise was our tour guide, she's witty, funny and really cares about the history of the cemetery. We did the cemetery tour St. Louis #1.  Very easy check in process.  Dispelled some misconceptions about voodoo and rituals, very informativeLoved this! Our tour guide Trevor was awesome! Don't forget to bring cash so you can tip after the tour.My husband and I took the St. Louis cemetery tour on a recent trip to New Orleans. It was great! Our tour began a few minutes late because our scheduled tour guide got sick and they had to find someone to fill in for him. Our tour guide ended up being Aubrey, and she was funny and entertaining throughout the entire tour, which helped take our minds off of the New Orleans summer heat. The tour was fun and we feel like we learned a lot about the history of New Orleans and its cemeteries.Great tour and guide. My husband and bought our tickets on Groupon for a considerable savings. These tours are a must do if you are spending a couple of days in New Orleans. Bring water if you go in summer as it is VERY HOT in the cemetery!Our tour guide, Trevor, was excellent.  We learned a lot for him (assuming he knew what he was talking about).  At least he seemed like he did.  I didn't realize Homer Plessy (from the Supreme Court case Plessy v. Ferguson) was buried in cemetery #1, nor did I realize the future grave site of Nicolas Cage was also located there.
Look for this tour on Groupon or Living Social.  I was able to get it for half off the regular price.  The listed meeting place for the tour is actually kind of confusing.  It gives you an address on Decatur, but at least our guide was waiting for us inside the Community Cafe (500 block of Decatur). 
There's a bathroom break about halfway through the tour, which was nice.
One thing I didn't like about this tour was the same thing I didn't like about all the other tours we went on.  The guides are all pretty insistent on getting tipped, leaving you with a sense of obligation to do so.  If you don't want to feel awkward after the tour, bring some cash with you.My fiance and I had a great time on our ghost tour! We started at the Voodoo Lounge bar where we grabbed a quick beer, then our 2-for-1 hurricanes for while we were walking. It's so nice that you can drink in the public in New Orleans! Our group had about 20 people in it and the tour guide was a native from NOLA so she knew a lot of the area and the history. 
This is definitely a great deal if you get the Yelp coupon, but it wasn't anything to write home about. We enjoyed our time hearing some of the stories, but I would have been disappointed if we paid full price.This tour is prime time. There's not one thing to complain about, except the homegirl who fell on her ass 2 minutes into the tour. Side note wear comfy walking shoes not open toe sandals and watch where you step...We had the best luck having Ducky as our tour guide. Definitely suggest recommending him when you make a reservation. Love his vibe, he's hilarious, and knows his shit. Since New Orleans are his stomping grounds, he was able to give us the inside scoop and insight about this dope city. 
Don't be cheap. If your happy with your tour, make sure to tip your guide at the end, especially if you got a Groupon deal.French Quarter Phantoms are definitely the BEST tour company in NOLA for haunted tours! Stella was our guide on the Ghosts and Vampire tour. She was professional, informative, honest, and funny. The stories of the myths and legends of this historic town were fascinating and creepy.
If you want to experience the some of the dark secrets this city holds, do a French Quarter Phantoms tour and feel the tingle run down your spine!I'm so glad we read the other reviews and took the ghost & vampire tour! Hope was our guide and she did a fantastic job!! I highly recommend you taking a tour here!Stephen was awesome! The tales were great and he did a great job keeping everyone together and keeping the group from blocking pathways for other pedestrians walking the streets. 
We did the 8pm ghost tour and loved it! It's a tour of tales ... You won't be walking into any haunted houses/buildings really but it was a lot of fun!We did the Ghost and Vampire Tour, led by Malika.  She was fantastic.  She really knew the history, culture, and had a great personality.  This has been the most entertaining tour I have ever done.  I was a skeptic prior to doing this tour in regards to believing whether or not ghosts were real.  Now, I am a true believer.  Keep up the great work!We did the Cemetery Tour and the Ghost Tour.  Both were pretty darn good, informative, entertaining, and overall worth the money.  Both tours were two hours, both ran about 15 minutes over time, and both seemed to lose steam as we neared the 2 hour.  So with that extra 15 minutes tacked on, I was ready for it to be over.
Don't get me wrong-  I enjoyed the tours and was really glad I did them.  It was cool to walk around the Quarter and see various places of historical/folk lore interest.  
Never been to NOLA, and looking for a good tour-- I would certainly give these guys a shot.Our party did the True Crime Tour with Robert. While Robert is a very nice person, the tour is a little long-winded. We wound up leaving early. As a history teacher, my only advice is to make the tour a little more concise and shorter to get a more dramatic effect. Get straight to the point and this will be an awesome tour.This was an amazing tour! Our guide Justin was very knowledgeable and entertaining! I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting, or who lives in New Orleans!!!We did the Vanpire & Ghost tour with Ducky and loved it! Lots of interesting info and cool history. We also did the Cemetery tour with Evian who was also great!! You can tell the guides really enjoy their jobs and want to give you a great experience. Both tours highly recommended!!Wow! If you're looking for a tour that is full of information and entertaining at the same time, this is just the one for you. Justin is absolutely a fan of his craft. He encourages questions in an effort to better interact with the group. He regularly went over rules to keep us safe and his credentials in tact. He made sure we were aware of other tours in progress and pedestrians as they passed by. I absolutely recommend this tour to anyone in the area looking to be educated on the background of New Orleans, the French influence, Marie Laveau, and those "pesky Protestants".Great tour, great hurricanes & great tour guide, Luke!! We brought our teenage daughters 15 & 13 yrs old and they enjoyed it. Highly recommended!First of all, know that ANY ghost tour you take in the streets of New Orleans is primarily the spooky history not to show you actual ghosts; you'd typically need to go inside the buildings for things like this.
That being said, I enjoyed our historical ghost/vampire tour. We had Trevor as a tour guide (sticker said "Butcher"). I have family who's lived here for generations so I already knew a some history behind this city. Trevor was knowledgeable and told more of the real stories and not the fairy-tale ones you hear some guides giving.Awesome tour!  Our tour guide, Aubrey, was excellent-- a wonderful storyteller and very knowledgable.The tour was great! Our tour guide Susan was excellent and knew everything about the French quarter and all the stops. Best NOLA your I've been in. With the yelp coupon, it's an even better deal!A bunch of girlfriends and I did the 8:00pm tour as part of bachelorette party shenanigans! The check-in process was super easy and the lady behind the counter was very understanding/accommodating when we had a small snag in getting the Yelp voucher for the discounted pricing! 
Our tour guide was Stella! Fun, quirky, expressive,  extremely informative, and UNBELIEVABLY patient. In the beginning of the tour, she very clearly went over all the rules.... Stay on the curb at all times, leave enough room behind us so a wheelchair could freely pass through AND to remember that REAL people live in the neighborhood so be respectful of private property.... The majority of our fellow tour-mates were probably halfway in the bag when we started. Throughout the tour, Stella was incredibly informative with her stories and folk lore, and did not skip a beat when other guests got out of control.  She kept it exciting and memorable! Also, it goes without saying.... The 2 for 1 Hurricanes were amazing!!! Thank you!!!!!Hope was a great story teller and very knowledgeable about the city of New Orleans.  The meeting place was easy to find and it was an easy walk to the cemetery.We were most excited for the cemetery tour! It kicks off at a bar, with 2 fer 1 hurricanes. Just as we grabbed our drinks we heard, " tour meet outside," and off we went. Sam. Sam. Sam. If I say his name three times, maybe he'll appear like Beetlejuice. Narrating the culture, and locations, weaving history, empathy, sarcasm and affection, he gave us the spirit of New Orleans. Can't say enough about him! My family are from New Orleans, and he embodies the best of the city. We picked up a groupon, $8/each! Bring cash to tip your guide.Totally awesome tour with a totally awesome tour guide (Luke). I loved his no-nonsense, obviously-ghosts-are-real-attitude. We got all the same stories and stops as the other more expensive tour company (I went with a friend who had been on the other one in the past), plus a two-for-one drink at the bar ahead of time!Awesome haunted  tour in the French Quarter.. Our tour guide was Luke and he was awesome!! This was my fav thing that we did in NOLA..Visit my blog for more info http://wp.me/p4DZ17-d1This tour was amazing. Very entertaining and very informative. Susan was an awesome guide. Definitely going to go on another tour and tell my friends.After a busy weekend in New Orleans for a fitness convention, my girlfriends and I had a day off to do some sight-seeing. We decided to end the day with the Ghost & Vampire tour at French Quarter Phantoms, and it was definitely the right choice! 
The tour met up at the Voodoo lounge where you get 2-for-1 hurricanes when you show them your ticket, then we divided into groups and began the tour. Our tour guide was Malika, and she was FUNNY AS HELL. She was smart, articulate, and knowledgeable about the history of New Orleans. She gave us some good chills but delivered everything in a very matter-of-fact way, which actually made it a lot better. I'm not much of a believer but I was getting goosebumps all over my arms! I liked hearing the real life history and the basis in fact to explain vampire myths. My friends and I liked her so much we went back to the lounge to have her read our tarot cards, which was also excellent! It was the perfect New Orleans evening, and a great way to end the trip. Thanks for everything, Malika!Great way to spend time before your 8:30 dinner reservation in the French Quarter. Aubrey was a great guide - funny, informative, great attitude, entertaining and professional.Steven was the best tour guide! We did the Ghost and Vampires tour at 8pm on a Sunday. Steven was informative and hilarious. The strength is in the storytelling since we weren't expecting any real encounters with ghosts on our trip. I felt like I learned a lot. 
2 for 1 hurricanes at The Voodoo Lounge meeting places if you plan to grab a drink before you start the tour  (they didn't live up to those at Pats).
Overall thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Worth experiencing (:We did both the cemetery tour and the ghosts and vampires tour and they were both excellent! Blaise was our guide to the cemetery and she's the best tour guide we've had! She tried to keep her stories totally factual instead of opinionated/embellished which I really appreciated (except for the statement that Conair is a bad movie... False!) especially regarding the story of Marie Laveau. We came back the next night for the ghost and vampires tour, unfortunately Blaise wasn't working :( But Phillip was! He ended up being an equally awesome guide, I really enjoyed his stories. I like that the tour guides aren't scripted, it gives the tour more of a personal feeling and you can learn something new each time. I will definitely be back!We just finished the cemetery tour with Robert, and it was awesome! He was filled with knowledge and told us a lot of interesting things! Would definitely recommend!Took the ghosts and vampires tour. I expected scarier stories based on the reviews. Was rather underwhelming and we wished we went on the cemetery tour instead.We went on the ghost/vampire tour with our guide Susan.  She was great!  Funny and super informative, she really told the stories of all the hauntings with great detail and enthusiasm.  It was kind of like hearing camp fire stories, except they are all true and really crazy!!!!  I knew New Orleans had a history, but no idea how dark some of it is.  I actually got a few chills during some of the stories!  Great way to see some of the French Quarter and learn some interesting history.  I highly recommend it!We enjoyed this ghost tour. Tour guide was very knowledgeable of New Orleans ghostly history. I can't say I've ever been on a ghost tour where a ghost actually haunts you. What your paying for here is a history lesson which I thought was well worth it.Great review. I forgot the woman's name, but she was incredibly entertaining. She studied theater and it was evident in the way she described historical events. Would highly recommend to anyone visiting NO for the first time. Definitely worth the money.I really love walking tours and was looking forward to hearing cool stories and seeing neat sights. This tour is also highly rated and their website is comprehensible, making it an easy choice. Unfortunately, I was more excited before the tour than I was about it after.
Our guide was nice but a bit of a fast talker. She did ask if we had questions after every stop but no one did and as such, all we learned was the basic stuff you glean while exploring the city. Towards the end of the tour, our guide was less audible and was failing to keep our attention.
Not a bad tour overall, just kind of underwhelming. Maybe I expected too much, having done a number of walking tours in London -- which is (if one believes) quite a bit more haunted. Like another reviewer said, BYOB; their Hurricane left a lot to be desired.I am a skeptic of "Ghosts" and Ghost Tours. My wife is a big fan of the mystery and stories of these "Ghosts", so we decided to book this tour. I did not know what to expect and honestly thought it would be stupid...... 
Then, I saw that you get your tickets (which we pre-ordered) inside a bar... Flanagan's Pub (+1)...Then, for being a part of the tour, they offered a 2-for-1 Hurricane Drink Special, which sounded great... until I saw that it was being poured out of a large Gatorade cooler and it brought me back to my college days of making Jungle Juice at parties and I remembered HOW we made that Jungle Juice, so we opted on ordering beers and VERY well (to the brim) poured shots of Patron instead. (+1).
Our tour guide was Phillip. The dude was a great story teller and his comedic timing was perfect.. and I realized right off the bat that this was going more of a fun history lesson of some of the crazies who had resided in New Orleans over the past 200+ years than an actual "Ghost" story-time. (+1). Definitely request Phillip's tour when you go. You won't be disappointed.
Also, it did not hurt that the tour group made a stop at Lafitte's half-way through the tour for a refresher. 
Bottom line:  If you are going to do a Ghost Tour in New Orleans... this was a really fun one..... and this is coming from someone who never expected to ever even take a Ghost Tour in his life.
Drink up, laugh, learn, and enjoy.    Cheers!Aubrey is amazing!!!! We had her for the ghost and vampire tour. Obviously loves what she does, has spent the time doing awesome research herself, and is highly entertaining. Totally recommend!!!! Also enjoyed Robert for the cemetery tour, he was very informative and funny.AWESOME tour! Would do again and again. Justin was great and was such a natural story teller. His cheesy jokes kept everyone on their toes. Very VERY cool to learn about the ghosts and vampires. Being my first time in NOLA I enjoyed learning some really cool history. Keep up the good work!This Was our 4th tour with this company in a year. This tour was great and Thomas was exuberant, knowledgeable, and certainly gifted with a French quarter flair. 
While this tour was entertaining, if you're looking for just one tour to do, the ghost tour has more content and meat to it. However, if you want a tour with a smaller group, this is a good choice. There were 6 of us total, compared to maybe double that for the ghost tours. 
Highly recommended.This tour was HORRIBLE and NOT FUN!  We were directed to this tour by our hotel concierge, we are guessing that he gets a commission from this company for sending people their way.  Our tour guide was very political, very brash and very condescending.  We gave him the benefit of the doubt, and stayed with the tour to the end, but it was honestly a giant waste of 2 hours and $40!It sucks that a couple of drunk idiots ruin the cemeteries for the rest of us. It's a 20$ guided tour for 40mins now but luckily the tour guide was awesome so maybe it was worth it? He was filled with life and I loved learning the history of the tombs from him. In the end $20 was worth it...but it would also have been cool to explore alone.We took the 8 pm tour that started at the Voodoo lounge on Rampert street.  It  was entertaining and informative.  Our family enjoyed the tour.  I would recommend it.Had a bad experience in a vampire ghost tour with Aubrey and she had a meltdown making a person on the street get maxed by her in front of the tour we took off as this way a scary situation that I did not want to be part of we bought 10 people and paid a lot of money really disappointed.I had a great time on this tour! Our tour guide was very animated gave great threatical stories. I also loved that she gave personal stories about encounters she has had or heard of. 
They were also great about honoring yelp promotion. 
Will recommend it to anyone who visits!This is a shout-out to our tour guide Justin! He did such a great job; knowledgeable, hilarious and spooky! I would definitely come back to French Quarter Phantoms for another one of his tours.Loved the Cemetery Tour!! Our guide Sam was awesome. He was fun and really knowledgeable. You could tell he loves New Orleans and the history of the city. We found this deal on GroupOn and were able to make the reservation Sunday morning for the tour that day. We absolutely loved it and had a drink after the tour at the Voodoo Lounge. Make sure to bring sunblock and water-- it can get hot, but it's totally worth it. Great tour!Went on the cemetery tour with a group and had Justin as our tour guide. He was amazing and so was the tour. Highly recommend!I went on the Ghost Tour and the True Crime Tour with my best friend and we loved every minute!!! Thomas was a fantastic guide and we learned so much that we never would have gotten a chance to see and hear about outside the tours. I highly recommend you go on these tours! You will not regret it!We got to take the 11 am St. Louis Cemetery tour with Aubrey, and it was fantastic! Wish we would have booked all our trips with you!Awesome ghost tour!! Before the tour it started to rain and they had umbrellas for $3.00!! So awesome!!  The tour was intimate enough to see everything and hear the stories of the past.  
The final house of the tour was totally creepy and scared the bejezzuz out of us.  Totally worth it!!I was looking for a good ghost tour and came to my fellow yelpers for help--  thanks for recommending this one!  It was just as others had described- informative, funny, and the "Madman" guide we had was a native that described other ghost stories from his own apartment. We learned about ghosts, voodoo, and vampires.  I liked that he started with "Who here thinks that vampires "sparkle in the sunlight."".  Learned a lot of history and was glad to see some of the other sights in the area with a group and not alone.  My co-worker came along and was happy I suggested we went on this walk since he would not have gone without me and the recommendation.If you are in New Orleans then you definitely have to do a Ghost Tour. I found this one on Yelp and they had a Yelp Deal so I had to get it. 
It was $30 for 2 Ghost and Vampire Tour. We reserved for the 6pm tour. When we arrived to Flanagan's Pub we were directed to the back where the little office was located. There we were given our stickers and we waited at the bar until the tour started. I love that we were able to "buy one get one free" hurricane drink. It was delicious and relaxed us a bit for the tour. At 6pm on the dot we were directed to meet outside with our tour guide. I forgot his name but he was AWESOME! 
He was a great story teller and answered any questions we had. Very spooky tour- You are walking the whole time but with a drink in hand the tour goes by super fast and fun. You are able to see the haunted homes/hotels/churches. You are allowed to take pictures and hopefully capture ghost. Half way through the tour we stopped at the oldest bar in N.O. which was haunted!! and we were able to purchase another drink. Then off to the other half of our tour. 
We loved the tour and our tour guide got a great tip for showing us a great time! I would definitely come back and if you are around make sure to take the tour!! It is worth it!My boyfriend and I did a haunted tour with them...got the tickets online for a bit of a deal. 
Easy walking in the French Quarter.  Our tour guide was a large guy, I think named Luke, who was great.  He was super into the stories and legends and he was funny and cheesy, but not too cheesy, just the right amount! 
I asked the registration people at the bar/check in location about doing a tour the next day for a cemetery tour and they recommend I check on groupon...which they had a great groupon deal for cemetery day tours!  So we did that the next day, very worth it.  It was a great deal and got to get some history and see some cool things at the cemetary.  We had Hope for that tour, and she was great, very informative, good stories, and gave us lots of opportunities to ask questions.
I know there are a millions tour possibilities in the French Quarter.  I have nothing to compare them too, but I was satisfied with French Quarter Phantoms and had a fun time on both tours.  I would definitely recommend them.Had an awesome time.. And Luke was a great tour guide! He was very knowledgable and you can tell he enjoys his job. I will recommend this to my peeps.We loved this tour. Our guide was Evian, she was great, very informative and entertaining at the same time. Highly recommend!The tour was great! Luke was very smart and knew his stuff. We took the 6:00 pm tour which is better because your avoiding the drunks & crazies that come out during the later tours.
 Would definitely recommend.We were in New Orleans for New Years and wanted to do a ghost and vampire tour. We decided on this tour. When we got to the meeting place there were so many people waiting for the tour that we had concerns about  being able to hear the guide. Luckily this was not an issue as the large group was divided into about 6 groups of about 20 or so people. Our guide was Hope and she was fabulous!!! She really made sure that everyone could hear her and did a great job detailing all of the stories. Everyone in our party had a wonderful time and would do another tour.especially entertaining, not at all specter daring. My tour guide was Thomas, who was animated, fun, and clever. You'd enjoy. Save 5 bucks with the yelp deal too.Really great and interesting tour.  Our guide Trevor was knowledgeable and entertaining.  Give that guy a raise!  Well worth the time and money.We had Lina as our tour guide and it was awesome. From the moment we arrived to CCs we were able to spot the tour guide instantly thanks to their informative sign. From the beginning of the tour on until the end Lina was informative, pleasant and humorous making the tour that much better. I am a local here to the New Orleans area and would recommend it to any local or tourist alike. Sometimes you take for granted the history you have in your own city and its always refreshing to learn new things.Skip this tour and instead ask your friend to watch sharknado trailer on YouTube and then explain it to you on phone. You might enjoy that but not this lame tour. This your is a classic example of how government regulation and licensing can screw even pathetically benign fun. 
Out tour guide Justine wood who kept on insisting that he has a license from city to work as a tour guy appeared drunk and was absolutely horrible in telling stories. As if he was not interested. The stories he tells are not even ghost stories but some kind of pathetic jokes. 
We drop out of the tour after je showed us a nun home and claimed the pope installed 1000 silver nails to keep vampires out and then said he 2as just joking. 
Save the trouble and don't waste money.We went on 2 tours;
1. St. Louis # 1 Cemetery Tour - the cemetery itself is tiny, it's hot, and you have to stay super close because spreading out is not allowed by the cemetery caretakers. Our group was large, over 20 people, and the stories were interesting, but the cliche touristy ones I had already heard about Madame or Lady Voodoo, the X's painted on the tombs, etc... It was everything I expected it to be, didn't really learn much. Guide was nice, but # of people, the small cemetery, the alright stories made it "eh". We did manage to go on Magic Tours New Orleans tour of the Garden District & Lafayette Cemetery, and I hands down would recommend that over this tour any day of the week. Smaller group, bigger cemetery to see, so much more interesting stories, beautiful neighborhood to walk through.
2. Ghost & Vampire Tour - I brought the bread, they supplied the cheese... and cheesy it was. This was a walking through the French Quarter hearing stories of ghosts and vampires. The guide was charismatic, but I barely believed any of the stories he was saying "... and they say this lady's ghost can still be seen, wandering through the halls, looking for her love. And moving on to the next spot" - I didn't want to be a Debbie Downer, but I just didn't buy it. It was like camp stories for kids, I thought it would be more historically based, but it was just hearsay and rumors, and we ended up leaving the tour about two-thirds the way through because we though we'd rather spend our time eating than listening to barely spooky stories. I get it - it can be an experience for some people, but not for us. Not to mention, our group was super HUGE! It was so big, they broke us up into 3 smaller groups with 3 separate guides, but despite that we were a good 20 people at least!
Overall I felt this tour joint was a little too average, trying to fit in too many tourists. I prefer smaller groups, and less tourist-trap places to visit. Just my taste. I know some people "poo-poo" mentioning other tour companies, but you guys should know that there are other joints providing, what I believe, is a more authentic experience which will leave you appreciating the city more - and Phantom just didn't do that for me... and we gave 'em two chances. Womp. Guides and staff were super friendly though!We arrived in Nola right after hurricane Isaac.  Our first night was going to be a mellow night in the Quarter so we decided to go on the phantom tour at the advice of our concierge at Hotel Mazarin.  Going into it with no expectations thinking it was going to be a hokie adventure full of crazy ghost stories to scare you, I was shocked, amazed and pleased it was quite the history lesson full of great facts about the city and the insane Ms. Jean Lafitte!  Our guide, Luke Siddall, was a fountain of knowledge and had great delivery to keep us hanging on every word.  So I'm pleased to say it started our visit off to a great start and was a highlight of our vacation.  Thanks Luke!!!!!!We did the Ghost and Vampire tour last night led by Luke. He did an awesome job telling us the history behind each site on the tour. We learned so much about New Orleans and its history! There were so many interesting sites and our group was very pleased with the tour. Luke did an amazing job telling the stories and bring humor along as well! Would totally do it again!The tour was great!!!
If you find yourself in New Orleans and want a good tour with a fantastic tour guide, do the Phantoms tour!
Ask for Duckie... He will not disappoint you!My girlfriend booked this tour a month or so before our trip and we arrived right on time to the Voodoo Lounge (drinks available) for the Sinners & Saints tour. I hate I can't remember our tour guide's name, but she was a petite girl that mentioned her burlesque background. Anyhow, she was a fantastic guide and very theatrical in her descriptions which added a lot to the tour. She was able to tell us MAINLY about the "sinner side" of New Orleans, but not so much of the typical "spooky" stuff; the origins of how New Orleans formed with not-so-desireable personalities and walks of life...but it made New Orleans what it is today! The particular facts and stories she told were more creepy than any ghost story I could have heard.
I'd definitely recommend French Quarter Phantoms for a tour in New Orleans!My brother and I did both the 8pm ghost tour and also their cemetery tour. I've done the ghost tour with them about 3 years ago and I still enjoyed it. The walking tours last about 2 hours but they always stop for short breaks. You really do learn a lot and those tours have always been a memorable high point on my trips to New Orleans.  If your into ghosts or high strangeness, you wont be sorry.I went on a ghost/vampire tour with Miss Stella and a jazz tour with Miss Angela on Halloween weekend. Both were excellent! The tour starting place is easy to find with friendly bartenders. Everything was well-organized and Angela and Stella are master storytellers who clearly love what they do. If you like to drink booze while you walk around and hear interesting stories, then I highly recommend French Quarter Phantoms.For what it's worth, the tours are pretty fun. My group and I did 2 tours with the French Quarter Phantoms during our stay in NOLA. They have deals on Yelp and Groupon for a great price. For both of the tours, we met at the VOODOO Lounge to check in for a wristband. You can order hurricanes for a price of 2 for 1 with your wristband. It will run you at $12. The bartender we encountered both nights was friendly. As for checking in, we encountered a pleasant younger lady who was very helpful on our first night but during our second time around, this thicker dyke looking lady helped us and she provided THE WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE everrrrr. Not only was she rude and impatient with us, she was also rude to others. She was huffing and puffing at everyone for taking a long time on pulling up our vouchers on our phones but the problem was there was barely any reception in that bar. 
GHOST & VAMPIRE 
This tour was led by Ducky. I LOVE his personality and animated way of telling the stories. I believe for that reason alone he made this tour memorable for me. The tour itself is just walking around the city, standing a few feet in front of building/houses that are supposed to be haunted, and listening to the tour guide tell the background stories. It might be interesting to some, and boring to others. You are in a huge group so be sure you stay close.
ST. LOUIS CEMETERY
This is the oldest cemetery and you are not able to get into this cemetery unless you are with a licensed tour guide. Our tour guide for this was Audrey and she had so much knowledge about the place. You can tell these guides really do their research to give us the best information behind these places. I wanted to also add that originally we had reserved a different day and time slot for this tour but came the day it was raining cats & dogs so we called them to ask to reschedule to which they happily accommodated.
Overall, I would recommend these tours to those visiting NOLA. It's a fun and informative activity to do with your group. Also, the tour guides are knowledgeable about good restaurants and other attractions within the city so you can always ask them for recommendations like we did! Enjoy!Aubrey was AMAZING!!!!! Her tour was great. She had such energy and presence and great facts! Her personal anecdotes really added to the tour! I would definitely recommend it!Took 2 tours with drench quarter phantoms during our visit to New Orleans: ghosts and vampires (tour guide = Ducky) and St  Louis One Cemetery (tour guide = Sam).  Ghosts with Ducky was a great and entertaining tour. We learned a lot, and thought Ducky has a great personality for a tour guide. the St Louis One cemetery tour was a great way to see so much history, and Sam clearly knows a lot. Just wish he didn't complain incessantly about Nicholas Cage. It was such a negative distraction, and keep putting the attention back on himself, and not the cemetery's great history.We recently went on a cemetery tour to St. Louis #1 and it was fantastic!  Our guide, Robert, was delightful, knowledgeable and very easy to listen to.  It was just the right amount of time (about an hour and a half) and very laid back.  We got a good deal on Groupon, check there for tickets first.  I would definitely recommend this tour and company!Absolutely great! Stephen made the tour a lot of fun and was incredibly knowledgeable with a lot of personal stories to add. I would take any tour from him!!Pretty shabby stories and hockie nonetheless. Tour guide gave it his all, but not worth the $15. Better to Google the ghost stories. More scary.
However, the  event does situate eith the area and kills a few hours. Many drinking opportunities along the way!Went on the tour for the second year in a row. It was just as great as last time! Hope was our guide and did an amazing job!Did both the cemetery and the haunted / ghost tours with Trevor who did an excellent job and was very funny. I highly recommend both.First off, I loved our tour guide, Tessy. She was hilarious, knowledgeable, and made this tour one of the highlights of our busy trip. We had gotten a groupon to go on the "Saints & Sinners Tour" as neither of us were that into ghost stories, and it did not disappoint. I had been a bit worried about the amount of walking but the distance was just right, with stops for water/drinks and a good info/distance ratio for an almost 2 hour tour.
Highly recommend checking them out for some interesting background on the French Quarter, and ask for Tessy!Interesting stories while taking a walk in the baking sun around the French Quarter. I got a groupon deal for two, very worth it.We took this tour based on yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. Our guide, Luke, was really good. He was knowledgeable and sincere in his storytelling. There were about 6 stops on this tour that lasted about an hour and a half. We did the 8pm ghost and vampire tour because it was dark and the week of Halloween. It wasn't too scary- but definitely a little creepy. 
I'd pass on the 2 for 1 hurricanes at Flannagans and go for the hurricanes at feits blacksmith instead. Unless you like rum and sugar water out of a cooler. Feits uses actual fruit juice and 151!My wife, Athena and I took a cemetery tour and had Luke as a guide.  He was fun and knowledgeable.  The tour was interesting and informative.       We took a ghost and vampire tour and had Aubre for a guide.  Although she moved a bit too fast at times the tour was very interesting.  Highly recommendedWe meandered over for the cemetery tour around 0930 and checked in, receiving our wristbands and the opportunity for a buy one get one hurricane, which we took because it's never too early for a hurricane. Once we had a group of around 15, we headed off into the cloudy morning with Robert. While we had prepped for rain, it held off, and the morning became even more gorgeous as Robert educated us about the history of the city, specifically in regards to cemeteries and burial challenges and solutions over the years. With amazing facts and great detail, Robert made this tour worth the short walk, even without the hurricanes. His knowledge was extensive and he admitted that if he didn't know something, he wouldn't blow smoke round your bum, something I really appreciated. The cemetery itself was more unique than I had expected and the sights we saw were amazing! Honestly, the highlight of this trip here was the tour and Robert's insight. I would definitely recommend this tour and Robert as our trip to New Orleans was made with this tour!After buying a Groupon for this tour, I was a little skeptical due to the good deal. I was pleasantly surprised and thought tour guide Sam did an excellent job. He was funny, detail-oriented, and easy to talk to. Definitely worth booking the Garden District and Lafayette Cemetery tour, even if there isn't a Groupon available. I got a lot more out of the tour than if I had come here solo. My only suggestion to the tour guide- please bring a small sign with you so that lost tour goers aren't walking around a large Starbucks wondering where the group meets.Out guide was Stella she had a bit of sarcastic sense of humor which came off a bit rude at times. A few ppl left the tour because they didnt know it would be story telling for the " Siners vs saints" is not what they were expecting. I knew what it was because the information stated storytelling not tour and storytelling, it was on a busy day with the floats and traffic along with the street being blocked off. But overall we enjoyed itMy guidebook strongly recommended touring NOLA cemeteries with a large group, and FQP was highly Yelped. With good reason.
First, I was able to reserve a tour with less than 24 hours notice, and got an online discount of $4 per ticket.
Sam, our guide, was excellent-friendly and genuinely funny without sounding scripted. If not a NOLA native, he's obviously been there for awhile and displayed both understanding and pride in the cultural history of this beautiful city.
We took their tour of St. Louis Cemetery #1, but it encompassed much more than that. During the 6-block walk to the cemetery, Sam pointed out the unique aspects of French Quarter architecture and how it was influenced by French/Spanish ownership, climate, and the social conventions of the time. Once inside the cemetery, he did more than just point out graves; we learned about Voodoo, the red-light district, slavery, civil rights, and a lot more.
FQP advertises 3 other tours-Ghosts (at night, of course), Treme, and True Crime-they all sound good. I highly recommend this company!Did the ghost and vampire tour with Ducky who kept shouting Allonsy and he was absolutely FANTASTIC as a guide throughout the spooky stops of the French Quarter.  We did the cemetery tour with Andy who was extremely knowledgeable about the history of New Orleans and the cemetery which I loved.   Both guys were amazing and the tours were well worth the money.  I would highly recommend :)I was in NOLA for a business trip but was trying to squeeze in some touristy stuff too. since I was essentially traveling alone and on a tight schedule I opted for an organized tour instead of wandering  the streets alone. My hotel concierge recommended French Quarter Phantoms. I am so glad he did. I went on a cemetery tour on a Sunday morning and my tour guide Lena was absolutely awesome. She was so knowledgeable about the history  of the city and her enthusiasm was contagious. It truly felt like she had the excitement of someone conveying a story for the first time not the thousandth which it probably was. Her humor was also just the right amount considering we were touring a cemetery. She answered all questions thrown at her and everyone on the tour seemed equally engaged. I would definitely recommend the tour to anyone seeking to go to the cemetery.