So cute! So precious! Was so excited to come here after enjoying many a cup at the Magazine St. location. Plesantly surprised at the menu and adult beverage options. Everything adorable. Staff seemed a little aloof. Sad no wi-fi is offered, even before/after lunch hours. Food was fine, if a little stingy with portion size, because it's cute and precious. 
My surprise turned unpleasant when after receiving our bill we could have eaten somewhere we could have full wait service for the entire experience.While I wanted to love this place I found myself extremely disappointed. I ordered the breakfast croissant and an iced coffee while my friend ordered a hot coffee and a croque monsieur. We were given a number and went off to wait for our breakfast. My friend's sandwich came out immediately- they just needed to heat it up. He said it was good and hit the spot. But my breakfast croissant took a while to come out. So long that my friend had completely finished his breakfast before I had even started mine. And I had no coffee. It had been sitting on a counter and the waitress told me I would need to go get it. Guess my generous tip was not appreciated. Ok- I still wanted to like this place.  But as I began to eat I noticed my breakfast croissant was burned to a crisp and tasted mediocre. For $8 I expected more.  On the other hand my iced coffee was good. So in the end while I may go back for coffee I think I will be eating elsewhere. I find both the service and the food lacking.French Truck on Dryades is my favorite coffee shop in NOLA to date! I live near Audubon Park and make the drive out of my way for their coffee.  Their Nola Iced Coffee is my jam and their baked goodies (specifically the blueberry muffin and almond croissants) from gracious bakery are addictive!  Cool relaxed atmosphere is great for people watching!In a city that has no shortage of coffee shops I've found that the place I continue to go to is French Truck but more specifically the cafe on Dryades. The space was well designed and the staff is super cool and always delivers great service. I've given the coffee concentrate to out of town friends and they legit freak out over it, I even use it in cooking. Speaking of cooking the food is also a unexpected surprise. I love getting the caprese sandwich. Lots of regulars in there and the staff recognizes me and they pretty much know what I want when I walk in. All the staff seems happy so clearly it's a fun place to work and it shows in the product.I bought gluten free waffles. They were good, a little low on flavor and overcooked. Then I bought the gluten free waffle sandwich. It was in my opinion the best waffle sandwich I've ever had. It was so good I bought another! When bringing it out he looked twice once I took a bite! He goes oh shit wait that might not be gluten free! He runs in back and goes no it's not. I spit out my bite. 4 minutes later they bring me a new one! This one has no flavor and tastes completely different from the last one. And on top of it I'm bloating and feeling something isn't right. I ask another waitress is the second one I had gluten free? She comes back and says it was, and that I had 3? No I actually had two. I don't know something is not correct and my stomach isn't happy.Favorite coffee place in Nola. Great iced coffee, great breakfast items, and employees are always kind. Start our weekends off here every Saturday- the pleasant and cheerful employees really bring it to the next level. Try the avocado toast or yogurt and granola!The food and service were great. The only downside was that the coffee tasted an awful lot like the stuff the military served me. Which was a nice surprise but that was not the coffee I was hoping for.Delicious coffee! The interior and outdoor seating are very inviting to want to hang out. I do wish they had other milk options than whole. Both meals that we ordered were very delicious! I'll definitely be back to check out the cocktail options!Provence Sandwich makes for a great midday lunch. Super additions to an already excellent coffee house. Well done.very good coffee, very nice staff, perfect outdoor sitting area, nice for chilling in the sun and sipping on your coffee...My favorite place in New Orleans. The whole place is well-decorated, with seats both inside and outside of the building. The New Orleans Iced Coffee is really good, and so does most of the items on the breakfast menu. Highly recommended if you want to find a breakfast place!Now let me tell you about my favorite coffee in New Orleans. Not only is it a cute and welcoming location, but the brew is 10/10. They offer a wide variety of beans and the barristas are incredibly knowledgable about each one. I typically go for a classic NOLA Iced Coffee and I'll get some freshly ground coffee to make at home, they grind it to order and at whatever fine-ness you desire!
I have a quick story to tell about their customer service. I ordered 2 iced coffees one day (I bought one for a friend) and as I walked down the stairs on my way out, one of the slipped out of my hands and exploded all over the ground. Knowing that I couldn't show up empty-handed to meet with my friend, I headed back inside to let them know of the spill and to order another coffee. The one staff member rushed outside and cleaned up the spill while the other put another iced coffee together for me FOR FREE! They had nothing but smiles to give and I have nothing but praise to say! French Truck will always have my business!Such a great spot to grab coffee and a bite to eat!! Love! Also, the Nola iced coffee (sweetened) is just great!! The food and service is great too! My new favorite study spot.French toast here is very good with whatever coffee you like. The expresso cream filling is the best. On a beautiful weather day like today you can chill here for hours. I'm a foodie and just getting into coffee. Both brunch items I've had here I would order again.I can't emphasize enough how much I love the coffee, food, and staff here.  They're my neighborhood go-to, and I'm there 2-3 times a week.  Sometimes I stop by on my morning walk with the dog; sometimes I meet clients or colleagues there; once a week I have a study date with a friend.
When I splurge for a pour-over or "dressed" drink, I know why I'm paying a bit more than usual.  But the medium roast drip coffee is a BIT expensive IMHO.  $3+ for a cup? Doesn't stop me from coming here, but I would be here more often if it were a little more reasonably priced.
Avocado toast is hands-down their best food, although everything I've had (especially the sweet stuff) is delicious.  Just a tad expensive too, though.  The staff are awesome.  Sweet and personable and great at making you feel welcome (and recognized and remembered).  
My only real complaint is that they've now blocked outlets.  I get it -- you want to avoid people coming and sitting allllllllll day long.  But still, there are ways of building a culture of not overstaying one's welcome without doing that.  Some of us like to sit and get work done (and keep buying coffee and food) a bit longer.Best coffee to date. I've traveled all over, including Europe- and this is my favorite coffee. Their New Orleans iced coffee and lattes are delicious. Tried their morning bun, chocolate croissant and spinach bacon muffin - you can't go wrong with anything you choose! Also have pour over options. Recommend this to all the coffee loversSuch a cute place & the food is amazing! Place was busy on the cool day we went but the line moved very quickly, staff was super friendly & I was eating before I knew it.  We sat outside with out dogs and enjoyed the sunshine. Really can't say how pleased I was. I'll make this place a frequent stop! 
We had the avocado toast, the white bean toast & the savory quinoa bowl with turkey...all were amazing!The place is cute, and the coffee is good. But I cannot understand how they get away with serving the food they do, at the price they charge. I've never had great food here; it's always been mediocre and under-seasoned. The portions are quite small, but the price .. I paid $9 for this toast, which probably cost about 75 cents for them to make.Sorry to be the crankypants person. But their black iced tea was completely undrinkable. I paid $2.50 for concentrate that tasted AWFUL. Why can't shops just brew a good tea? BLAH. I was annoyed all day on Saturday. Also when they called out my order they said Southern Tea unsweetened...which I guessed was me. Maybe this concentrate was designed to be hidden behind a copious amount of sugar/ 
For my sandwich I got the croissant with egg and cheese...and tomato jam? I nixed the bacon and asked for avocado instead. Nope. No substitutions. OK fine. But I barely got any cheese and I have tomato jam in my fridge... if there was any on this sandwich it was a thin smear that I couldn't taste. AND my fluffy croissant was panini pressed. Isn't the whole point of a croissant sandwich is to enjoy the airy pastry? Denied. 
The space is gorgeous. Since I used to live around the corner, I know what this shotgun home used to look like. The transformation is astonishing. The outdoor space is lovely. The staff was moving quickly as the crowds increased on a Saturday morning. I just won't be one of them again.i come to French truck almost daily. Food is good and coffee great. Today's staff experience was not  
consistent  with the usual friendly staff. 
While trying to use a French truck punch card the
auburn headed female clerk  at the register, at 11 am on 4/16/18 , was very rude and nasty. Have not seen her in shop before. When she realized how nasty she was she offered this statement as an apology, " sorry I'm tired , I was up until 3 30 ". Management  may want to find a more appropriate spot for her, dishwasher etc, where she has no direct customer contact.Dr. Yades lives on! Hidden gem uptown.Delish, blue bottle out in SF maybe as good /not better. Native NOLA gal, coffee snob.I love the NOLA iced coffee here! Their coffee is strong, so if you don't like your coffee to be strong, then maybe ask for more cream and sugar. Their staff is very nice and friendly, but the service can take a while.This has quickly become my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. I love the ambiance of this shop. They are family friendly but can also be a peaceful place to study or read. I usually get a mocha, but everything I have tried has been delicious. The food is also amazing and they have several gluten free options with is excellent for me. The staff is always extremely friendly and accommodating. I only wish I lived closer!Love! Love! Love the food.  
The service wasn't the best as no one offered to help and just wanted me to hurry up and order.As a long time fan of French Truck coffee on Magazine, I was eager to try their new cafe on Dryades. After reading Aaron's raves about the place, I knew I had to check it out.
Previous reviews do a great job at describing the atmosphere, so I'll get right to the goods. I stopped in for lunch, and while it took me a minute to find the place, there was no missing that signature orange building. There's a nice porch out front and folks were sitting with their dogs, drinking coffee, and enjoying the weather. I lucked out and there was no line, so I was able to walk up and order with no wait. I got a NOLA iced coffee and a pressed roasted turkey sandwich, which comes with a side of chips.
I was given a number, and after a short wait my food came out. This was a good size sandwich that was thick with turkey, cheese and lettuce. The bread was substantial and held it all together nicely. The turkey was obviously freshly sliced and the sandwich hit the spot. The chips were kettle chips, but I don't think they were Zapp's.  As always, the coffee was perfection- French Truck has some of the best coffee in the city and the NOLA iced coffee is tasty and rich without being overwhelming.
Overall this was a great lunch and I'll be back.One of the best coffee shops around town.  The Uptown location really has a neighborhood feel (which makes sense it's on a residential block).
As far as the actual product that they offer, the coffee really is good. Every espresso drink that I have had has been done just how I like them to be.  Their special New Orleans iced coffee is definitely worth a try.  And the prices aren't as bad as some of the other local coffee shops.
They offer numerous pastries that you can grab your coffee to go; or if you're in the mood to sit down they have several plated food selections.Love the ambiance of this place! The food is great and fresh. The coffee was ok for me,but my wife like it. I recommend this place to anybody and we will come back.First, I LOVE the vibe here... the music is incredible, my whole work crew posted up and made desks out of their raised-height bar area. So we owe French Truck gratitude for that. 
But, I lowered my stars for a real serious issue that I have to note: I have a mild allergy to almonds and I made that allergy known RIGHT AWAY when I ordered. I asked if the gluten-free waffles had almond meal or milk, and they said no. So I ordered those. Then I asked for the NoLa Iced Coffee with non-dairy milk, and as he's typing it in he says "it's an almond/coconut milk mixture." So I stop him and say, "right but I can't have almonds so nevermind on that then". So I order the waffles with yogurt and guess what? The yogurt was covered in almond granola... *rolls eyes*. And now I'm sitting here with itchy lips, wondering if if it's seasonal allergies or almonds. I'm popping a pill just to be safe. 
Hey guys, allergies are serious concerns to diners. 
Otherwise, I really loved this place.Requested an old fashioned machiato and they nailed it. Wife got a cortado and she loved it. High quality espresso and a simple, clean ambiance open to the street.French truck makes my favorite coffee in the city. I usually stop in a few times a week, but at least one of those days is an extended stay. They have free wifi, good food (I love the white bean toast), and a very friendly staff. Even at their busiest times the atmosphere is relaxed enough to get my work done and have a good meal. The service is quick, the food is tasty, and the coffee is delicious. Highly recommended.Peaceful atmosphere, delicious almond croissant. Good latte with almond milk. Would come back for sure.I love this place!  The staff is awesome. The location is great. The coffee is yummy. They staff gave me great recommendations. I literally went back multiple times on my short stay in New Orleans. I LOVE the front porch scene for sitting and enjoying my coffee. Abby, the manager, was delightful! Customer service win! Coffee win! Ambiance win! Now I just need them to come to Chicago and open one up for me here.The services was nice and friendly, the place was clean and bright. The coffee was okay,like i can get it better at PJ. The muffin he recommended was okay also. There was nothing real standout about the place. Its kinda like if you're passing by  go ahead and and go in. But i would not go out of my way to hit them up.I live right near French Truck and walk there fairly often. It's a cute coffee shop with dripped cold brew and nice little plates to eat. Food is in little portions but very tasty. The inside and sitting area outside has WiFi available so it's a nice place to study or get some work done. I usually get the egg sandwich on a croissant and the Nola brew, which is their lightly sweetened iced coffee. A little on the pricier side, but the overall experience makes it very pleasant.Chai tea latte's are so good! Its super cute inside and the employees are nice. Only thing is it's sorta pricy.Stopped in for an Americano after reading all the great reviews! It was amazing! So smooth, absolutely no bitterness. Staff were friendly, fast service, great selection of brunch items! Clean and quaint atmosphere! Will be my morning coffee stop while in town. I also pucked up two lvs of beans to take home!My friends and I came here on a weekday to buy some coffee.  
Atmosphere - really cute coffee shop with some seating indoors and outdoors. 
Customer Service - the staff here are soo knowledgeable, patient and friendly!! 2 thumbs up!
Coffee - tasty and great place to come for ice coffee on a hot summer day or even a breezy day.Great Service!  Chatted with one of the employees (Patrick I believe) about music while waiting for my chai latte.  Dug the location alot!Great atmosphere without being overly trendy and very sweet workers. Had to try the iced coffee after reading all the reviews and it didn't disappoint . Ham and cheese croissant was delish as well. They're currently building a side patio on the shady side and have pretty little flowers in the frontMy sister and I were staying on St. Charles and went on a walk to find a cup of coffee. After reading reviews on Yelp and a 10 minute walk, we ended up at French Truck Coffee. We both ordered the New Orleans Iced Coffee and fell in love! It tasted amazing! She had cream & sugar and I just had cream. Both had a sweetness that really hit the spot on a walk through the garden district. We then headed further down Magazine St for some window shopping. If I lived in New Orleans I'd be a regular at this place. Oh, and the 2 young ladies working there were so nice. We had a great little chat with them. 5 stars, A++. Thank you!Amazing coffee and teas! I personally am a big fan of the NOLA cold brew sweetened and the chai tea lattes. The food is also incredible. The avocado toast and the grilled cheese are my favorites. Would definitely recommend these! 
It usually is quite crowded so I would not reccomend if you are looking for a place to study. But never much of a wait.This place is amazing. I came in for collision conference and stumbled upon this cafe on my way back from a local gym. The coffee was very good, and the waffle sandwich was incredible. The staff is friendly and the coffee is excellent. 
I can't say enough good things about French Truck Coffee. You really need to stop in and try them if you're in the area.Good layout and design of this location.  The cafe au lait is excellent and I like the pastries as well.  The mix between indoor and outdoor space is great.Excellence and friendly service from Elliot and the food is great. Definitely a nice place to dine on some French food in a relaxed atmosphere... I recommend this place to everyone.Great place to study and spend the day. The WiFi was good not great(I'd say 4/5 stars). Tons of seating plus outdoors area. I'm not sure how the WiFi is outside because it was raining so I couldn't check it out. Also nice lunch food options so you really can stay for a while. It's the most adorable little coffee shop from the outside. Check it out!The coffee is great and matches Intelligentsia in quality. The service leaves much to be desired, however. The girl and guy at the cash register did not seem very willing to pay attention to customers but were deeply engrossed in banter. I had to ask about the coffee notes (no flyers around) and she did not even know - she just said some were dark and some were medium roast. When I asked the difference between 2 Columbia coffees (red and blue labels) she replied: "One is special so it's more expensive at $25." And she had to ask me twice if I wanted it ground (I'd told her the first time that I'd grind it myself at home).  When one works in a coffee shop with a great reputation, one is expected to know about the product and be willing to place service and the customer first rather than cater to other personal mundane pleasures.Oh my goodness. The coffee is delicious. The baristas know their product, but are not snobby about it (which I appreciate). The baked goods and sandwiches are also treat. The atmosphere is modern with indoor and outdoor seating!I always look for a local roaster everywhere I go! Glad I found this hidden gem. Loved their New Orleans iced coffee.As I coffee lover- I can confidently say- this is the best coffee I've ever had!!! I keep making my way here for a New Orleans iced coffee with almond milk. It's absolutely amazing!!!! I have started buying their whole roast from Rouses, but nothing compares to the in-house coffee. Love this great new place- the food is awesome too!This place is exceptionally charming.  I honestly spent more time photographing the place for painting inspiration.  I appreciate beautiful spaces.  The coffee is solidly good.  The pastry I had was lovely and fresh.  I would like to visit more often.Cute restaurant. Good food. Don't go if you are in a hurry. Staff oblivious to what is needed in the dining area. Had a tough time getting their attention when their nose was in their cell phone.This is probably the loveliest and coolest coffee house i have been to in years. The barista was friendly, informative and fun to talk to. I was impressed by the choice of seating and the coffee was excellent. I enjoyed my salad as well. Bravo.Best coffee in town, hands down. Their iced cold drip is so tasty it makes me want to cry. Plus, they use this amazing creamy almond coconut milk with it which makes a wonderful wonderful drink. They also offer iced teas made with a concentrate using either flat or sparkling water. What an awesome idea! The only drawback about this place is that they have two or three outlets total in the joint so don't plan on working there for very long unless you enjoy being on the receiving end of a fisheye.  Food is very tasty and creative.  Staff is friendly and fast.  Patio and porch rocking chairs do not suck in the least.Loved this cafe, it got busy right as we were leaving but we still enjoyed the experience. I would recommend the waffle sandwich and avocado toast for sure !Perhaps I should have read the reviews before I tried this place... Iced coffee was great but the only milk options are whole or coconut milk. For me, this is enough to not come back. I'll keep going to the other locally owned place across the street...The absolute BEST COFFEE anywhere. Discovered French Truck at a small, cool cafe in Alexandria, LA (1921 Jackson Street Café) and so had to go visit when I hit NOLA. I am officially an addict ever since. And the new café is PERFECT and Fab-Fantastic!!! The food is lovely and inspired. The staff are sweet...great job y'all!Had an iced vanilla latte. Great espresso! It's also such a cute shop! I would highly recommend stopping by when you're in the area!I REALLY wanted to give this place more stars because it's cute and stands out from a lot of the places here in New Orleans that serve the same food but I just can't. The food is way overpriced for what you get, the coffee is decent but for some reason the cream in my iced coffee and my wife's chai latte was clumpy. Not sure what happened there. I would not come back here for food at all as it was mediocre at best and you get charged a premium price for it but the coffee was half decent which is the reason for one of the stars, the second star is because it's easy to park.I just moved here four days ago when I happened upon the French truck café. I still had not unpacked my coffee pot and was in dire need of a good cup of Joe. I did not realize the establishment was brand-new. It close to my new home and a cool place to hang out for an hour. I thought that this would be a place I would come every day. When I asked The folks behind the counter what made their coffee so special ( just to make conversation) I was met with nothing more than inquisitive faces... No response really.  Being new to the area I had no idea who or what they were. All they really did was point to their truck outside. So as cool and trendy as it might be, this newcomer did not feel warm and welcome. ( Hence the 2 stars) I will probably give it one more try now that I've been here about a month and they probably are all settled in. I too hope the patio will be dog friendly.  Good luck to u!  
And as a side note I did enjoy the coconut milk in my latte, but would also love a non fat milk/soy option ( which they told me they did not have)We happened to find this place thanks to Yelp and we are so grateful! We had the turkey sandwich which was fantastic. The coffee is delicious and they have a wonderful variety. The atmosphere was great and it is a really cute place. We will be back!Love the coffee! Love that there is no wifi ( I actually didn't even notice since I didn't go there for the wifi I went for the delicious coffee!!!!)  I love the coffee!! ! Love the folks who work there! Love the porch with rocking chairs!!!!!!!!!   Love the neighborhood! Love that it's not a busy crowded hangout!  I wish they opened at 7am instead of 8am on weekends. Did I mention I love the coffee?The coffee here is amazing I gave it another try and I was impressed. The owner values his customers and their experiences! A+Relaxed atmosphere,  all day breakfast,  clean,  Good portions, friendly staff.  Simple recipe to success.  Will return!From the yelp reviews, I was expecting something amazing. The place is lovely but $18 ($9 for 1 slice) for 2 slices (cut in half) for avocado toast!!! The avocado was so thin. Scandalous. The coffee was ok but all in all to expensive.
The service on the other hand was lovely and the are outside was nice to sit at.My family and I stopped in for brunch. My wife had the croissant sandwich. She gave me a bite and it was delicious. I had French toast topped with Banana foster sauce and bacon. It was very tasty. The portion sizes were perfect. It took a little longer than I expected to get our food but my overall experience was good. I will most definitely dine here again when I'm in town.Walked in on a rainy day with my group of 6 & the guy who took our order was so kind and patient while we were trying to decide. I ordered a latte made with their coconut/ almond milk (they don't carry soy) and I was surprised at how wonderfully foamy they were able to make my latte. It tasted amazing, very smooth and creamy, and although there were only a few people on bar/taking orders they were able to produce all of our drinks promptly. The atmosphere is very bright, clean, open, and trendy!  Loved it! They have outside seating under a trellis on the side of the coffee shop "house", and several white rocking chairs in front. I will definitely return and I highly recommend this location!Although New Orleans is home to the world's largest coffee bulk handling plant (Silocaf), not all drinks are created equal. Just as you CAN get a bad meal here, you can also get bitter, improperly roasted, or boringly weak coffee. But French Truck is NOT one of those places. The beans are expertly roasted and the brews are exquisite. Pastries are from a local bakery in Midcity and are 5-star. Finally, the houses are clean and well-stocked, and the staff is knowledgeable, efficient, and friendly. There are a number of excellent roasters and brewers in town, and French Truck is on the top of that list in my opinion.Update: The French Truck Cafe (it's not a coffee shop apparently) wrote me a nice message about my review. I have no ground to stand on since it's his restaurant and he doesn't have to listen to me. However, I 
Hi Dimitiri, I am reading these.  We are a cafe, not a coffee shop and opening a new Yelp account to give us a 3-star review over us providing wi-if isn't going to make me change my mind, in fact, it reinforces my decision. The people who enjoy what we do and reward us with 5-star reviews do so on the merit of our product, service and atmosphere. If all of the tables in our cafe were filled with people having 5 simultaneous conversations online, the atmosphere would be ruined. We hope you choose us when you want to have an enjoyable cafe experience and somewhere else for an online experience. Thanks for your business and the review.  I hope it will be something people read and choose us because of our choice. We hope you'll be back.  All the best.
The atmosphere at French Truck Cafe is spot-on. The coffee is even better. Unfortunately, there's no wi-fi. 
When the barista told me, my jaw dropped and I read the barista's face hoping that she did not think I was an anti-human jerk for wanting to use the internet instead of talk to the stranger next to me. I don't believe that the internet is god's gift to earth and what's the point in having one conversation in person when you can have 5 simultaneous ones online?
However, I go to coffee shops to work. Often times, my work necessitates internet access. Most coffee shops realize that this is what people like to do, but maybe French Truck wants to be more than a hip environment with great coffee?
* French Truck owner, if you are reading this please put wi-fi in your cafe. It is of course yours and your right to do with it what you will, but you'll have at least one more happy customer if you give the people what they want.
*update: While I admire Geoffrey M's idealism, his coffee shop has since switched to a WiFi watering hole for Tulane students. His dreams are in tatters and he has no else but himself to blame.I will never go back to Starbucks which makes everything a latte no matter what you order. You would think they would know the difference. French truck knows the classic cappuccino and even better makes an excellent cortado. Great coffee and great breakfast too.Best ice coffee in Nola. Food is awesome, but a little pricey. I also really like their ice tea selection - they can mix it with sparkling water which is so refreshing!I had been wanting to come here since they opened earlier this year. I finally was in the area at the right time and was able to stop in!
They have a bright orange house in the midst of an Uptown neighborhood. There is a nice porch in front to sit on and it appears they may be adding on an outdoor seating area as well. Inside they have plenty of tables.
We only came for coffee but their lunch menu items sounded really good.
Order the New Orleans Iced Coffee. It's delicious! They do have plenty of other coffee choices, including Pour Overs.
They offer a punch card to earn a free drink. So make sure to ask for one of those.The coffee is really good, and so is the service. But the food is over-priced for its middling quality, and the non-coffee drinks are unremarkable. This wouldn't be a huge problem if the French Truck Cafe focused on being a coffee shop with lagniappe, rather than a jack of all trades. However, rather than showcasing their excellent coffees, this establishment leaves uninitiated guests guessing which coffees are available, and even what some of the drinks are. Meanwhile, the just ok foods are showcased. I'm giving three stars because this place could be so much more.Had the French toast with bacon and banana foster sauce...amazing! Great atmosphere and friendly people!Coffee heaven. They do a REAL pour over. And they do it well. The cortado was smooth. No bitterness. And the folks working there were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. My daughter got a cool lesson on why the pour over is superior and then when she marveled at the designs on the cortado foam the barista offered to make her a small hot chocolate to show her how she does it. Definitely our new favorite coffee stop when we are in Nola. Next time we'll be sampling the avocado toast and gluten free waffles!!The coffee wasn't good! I am surprised people are overly hyped up about this place. Maybe it's just the cold brew but for the price of $7 I won't try it again!3.25/5 cute + food
the thing i recall the most are the interspersed yellow chairs (which i copied and now have similar in my apt). it's like, hey, remember, your butt is on sunshine!
the space itself feels airy, which even when it's full doesn't feel crowded. and boy does it get full - i mean uptowners all about dis. the line has backed up all the way to the door, but they move quickly. they seem chill about campers as long as you purchase every so often, and if you're trying to plug in keep in mind to keep towards the walls. 
i just usually just get an ice coffee, though did venture into some food once and was pleased (tomato soup had some roasted business going on, fancy). when it's busy, it can get a little unclear on exactly which drink is up and sometimes the call system gets funny...i have to ask if the drink is mine and have gotten a tiny bit of a face in return.The food and drinks were amazing! The caprese sandwich was super fresh and the bread was to die for! The NoLa iced coffee was excellent! I liked it so much that I went back twice!Come here almost daily. Excellent coffee,  and interesting well prepared non-typical "coffee house" food choices make this place special. But, it's the friendly, intelligent staff that really sets it apart from all the other coffee spots in NOLA.This is such a cute coffee shop true to the New Orleans tradition of having great places on old homes. Take your time, choose your bean region, have a pour over and relax. Having had my share of great coffee in Seattle and Portland I am always looking for a better choice than large chain mass production coffee. We stopped here because my friend needed to stop and watch a video conference for work. They had wifi so she worked and I read! Will definitely return with a good book.Clean, welcoming, and have counters. Not cold inside, which is great. Unisex restrooms. 
They don't turn on the wifi until 2pm on weekends, which I don't really understand.Good coffee but no outlets... kinda strange for a coffee shop. Also only milk options are whole, half and half, or a coconut/almond blend.Great location!
I love that it's in the neighborhood with it's bright yellow and blue colors. My friend is a fan of their coffee, so we stopped by for a while, and chilled on the outdoor setup. They have high stools and then regular outdoor chairs with tables. It was really nice for a Saturday afternoon, very quiet and chill. I got a cappuccino and my friend got the nola iced, I think. She is not an iced coffee fan, but I think that one turned her into one. The capuccino was good, on the strong side, but very warm and a little woody. I also got one of their tiny treats - a flourless chocolate raspberry muffin, which was so delectable. Very soft and spongy. Definitely recommend.Really, really, damn good coffee.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The Nola iced coffee is a wonderful pick-me-up.Coffee is fine enough. Ambiance is also nice. 
But seriously...how long does it take to make toast??? Second time here, second time ordering their toast and it's taken 25min both times. Cmon.Only went once and had a delicious iced Mocha. Enjoyed the relaxed and beautiful atmosphere. The patio is gorgeous and makes you want to hang all day long sipping wine.Great cafe! I love the coffee, food, and atmosphere. The reason this isn't a five star review: no outlets to charge your laptop! Be aware of this before you go to do workUpdate - went to the right one in uptown! Liked it a lot more, I was able to do work at this location (not the one on magazine st). Also ordered a grilled cheese, added prosciutto and got a tomato soup! All so yummmmyyySimple, clean, airy, and delicious. French Truck Cafe wasn't necessarily on our go to listen when visiting New Orleans, originally looking for a brunch place with bottomless and a good atmosphere, with the exception of no longer servicing alcoholic beverages this place was a very pleasant Sunday experience! The staff were all friendly and knew the perfect recommendations. The neighborhood had the perfect NOLA cottages and a trendy vibe!I'm really enjoying the atmosphere here. The turkey sandwich and side salad was amazing. The oji drip ice coffee is excellent.  Very happy here. The staff is friendly and informative.Nice breakfast spot in a local neighborhood that seemed to be frequented by both visitor tourists and locals (a good sign). I got the croissant sandwich, which was good, but a smaller serving than I would have hoped for. Another person in our group ordered the biscuit sandwich and had similar comments. Iced coffee was good and strong. I ordered the cappuccino, which was beautifully presented (great foam layer). Unfortunately, I unknowingly picked up Stevia packets instead of sugar packets and ruined my cappuccino.I'm not one to drink coffee or go to a coffee shop just for coffee but for me to order an iced coffee, means this place is really good.  We only found this place because we had their coffee at a local restaurant.  When we got there (we used Lyft), we noticed there wasn't a parking lot.  So just be aware that you park on the street.  They have rocking chairs at the front entrance where you can sit at as well.  When you enter, there's a few chairs and tables inside.  It's really cute inside, too - great vibes.  The counter that you order is in the middle of the whole shop.  The menu is simple, the staff is friendly, the cost of the drinks are fair.  You can also purchase some beans and food from them.  Their food menu is available on their website.  Since it was a nice day, we sat outside with our coffee.  There's plenty of outdoor seating.
In any case, I just ordered the hazelnut iced latte.  It was smooth and not bitter at all.  My friends also enjoyed their drinks.  We all agreed that their coffee is great.  It was also very relaxing at this location and you can definitely do some homework or just work here if you like.  Anyhow, we enjoyed our coffee so much that some of us bought packages of beans for our trip back home.  If we are ever around New Orleans again, we would definitely stop by this coffee shop and maybe try out their food as well.This place needs to franchise out. I love coffee. This is one of those, the taste the aroma the feel of it on your lips. I have NEVER had coffee this good. The staff are extremely knowledgable of their product and samples are available.I'm so in love with this place! The coffee is delicious, and while I'm no coffee snob, I am a little picky about coffee. They also have a small menu of sandwiches, salads and breakfast offerings. I just had the Grilled Cheese (Gruyere & Brie with pear) and it was fantastic! Even the chips that came as a side were no ordinary chips! 
But the thing I love most about this place is that the people who work here are friendly and welcoming. Nothing is more disappointing than rude or indifferent employees at a place most people treat like a second home. There is internet, seating inside and outside, and there are rocking chairs on the front porch! They also offer a punch card on your coffee purchases so you get the occasional complimentary cup.
I have found my coffee shop haven in French Truck. It is just as bright and homey as the yellow and blue paint would have you believe!Fantastic start to our day. Vacationing from Dallas and staying just around the corner so a very short walk. My girlfriend and kids absolutely enjoyed this place. We highly recommend.Friendly, knowledgeable baristas without the pretense, crushed ice, gluten free waffle sandwich, open inviting spaces both indoor and outdoor, full spectrum of coffee options, solid t-shirt/accessory game... what more does one want from a local coffee shop?  This is a favorite spot to start the day or take a mid-day break.The atmosphere at French Truck Cafe is spot-on. The coffee is even better. Unfortunately, there's no wi-fi. 
When the barista told me, my jaw dropped and I read the barista's face hoping that she did not think I was an anti-human jerk for wanting to use the internet instead of talk to the stranger next to me. I don't believe that the internet is god's gift to earth and what's the point in having one conversation in person when you can have 5 simultaneous ones online?
However, I go to coffee shops to work. Often times, my work necessitates internet access. Most coffee shops realize that this is what people like to do, but maybe French Truck wants to be more than a hip environment with great coffee?
* French Truck owner, if you are reading this please put wi-fi in your cafe. It is of course yours and your right to do with it what you will, but you'll have at least one more happy customer if you give the people what they want.The iced coffee was delicious. I got the avocado toast and the strawberry toast- my only complaint is the bread was super tough to chew but honestly it was so good I didn't even care.Such a cute coffee shop. I stumbled upon this place on my way to the museum. The coffee is pretty good, I decided to try the coconut and almond milk with my coffee, it was a interesting flavor combo.This little gem is a bright yellow house tucked into a neighborhood in Uptown New Orleans.  It was right around the corner from our VRBO and it was really good.  They even make their own flavored syrups for coffee or teas.  Ice Chai was really good as was the hot!  The baked goods were delish!  They have really good baked goods!Update: wait times have gotten much better, as has the coffee! 
Coffee is fine enough. Ambiance is also nice. 
But seriously...how long does it take to make toast??? Second time here, second time ordering their toast and it's taken 25min both times. Cmon.I was looking forward to this place. Ambiance is super cute. Food is not so great. A bit over priced and lacking flavor. I ordered the chicken salad sandwich. I've never had chicken salad so dry I thought it was just chicken breast. Coffee isn't the best either. Only thing we did enjoy was the tomato soup. My kids typical devour their French toast. But not today! Was hoping for a better experience.Love this lil uptown coffee spot! Yummy little snacks and I highly recommend the NOLA iced. Like a delicious chicory chocolate milk coffee frozen thing. Though I'd also say get it light on the sugar bc it's pretty sweet. Also it's adorable inside (yellow is my favorite color).This is my first time here but I absolutely love it! The coffee is delicious & the waffle sandwich is amazing! Highly recommend!I love this place! My favorite is the creamy consistency of the mocha, the waffles and the granola is awesome! Friendly customer serviceLong line. Prices were higher than posted here. They only carry whole milk or coconut soy. The latter I came to find out was $1.00 more. It's almost comical how high that price is for 8oz. A half gallon is $3. My assumption is they are trying to make it prohibitively expensive, but you need to tell the customer the upcharge first to work...  So, my plain latte with soy was $6 or $7 with tip. That's quite a bit more than any SF latte I've purchased. The coffee is ok, absolutely nothing to write home about. The food looked good but the staff weren't particularly friendly. 
A lot of people you probably don't want to hang out with on a Friday night come to this place. Lots of airBnB tourists walking up too.I don't understand the hype. This location (not sure about the other ones-most definitely am not willing to check out the other ones) has ONE outlet, and it's outside! I could bet money that it was done intentionally, as I saw numerous plates covering possible outlets. They probably don't want students overstaying their welcome. The coffee is not terrible, but I will, without a doubt, cross this place off my list.This place is absolutely perfect for a light brunch. I love the outdoor seating and the crisp design. Great menu and of course, the best coffee in Nola!!Welcome to the neighborhood, French Truck!! The only bad thing about having French Truck so close...is that I want to go there everyday!! 
French Truck is housed in an old double that has been updated with an open modern interior. There is ample seating inside and a few chairs on the porch. There is a bricked patio side area and I am sure they will add patio furniture soon. My pup hopes the patio will be dog friendly. 
The New Orleans Iced Coffee ($4.25) is some of the best! It's perfectly creamy with a lot of flavor and it's served over crushed ice...heaven. I want one now. 
I also ordered the Caprese Sandwich ($8) and it was simple and delicious. It's served with yummy, homemade chips. The price is just right, unlike some other cafes where you get a $12-14 sandwich with no side. I hate that. 
Don't forget your coffee stamp card. 8th coffee is free! 
French Truck is now open everyday, so go get your fix!Stumbled upon during Mardi Gras. Now I re route periodically just to enjoy the breakfast! The waffle breakfast sandwich is awesome!! Coffee is equally excellent.Awesome atmosphere and delicious coffee!! We will definitely be back very soon! I highly recommend taking a trip to see this cute little place and try their different coffee blends!One of the best coffee spots in New Orleans. Excellent coffee with great flavor. Had iced coffee and expresso. Highly recommend!Get the New Orleans style iced coffee!!! You won't be disappointed!!!! Not a fan of whole milk so I may ask for almond milk next time! Super sweet! My dad got the iced chai and it was amazing!!!!!I hadn't seen a machine-automated coffee pour-over device before, so I thought that was cool! I'm a fan of pour-overs, so I wish more places (like my office) have that!I love French Truck's coffee and only use their beans at home. Their in-store drinks are delicious, but their food isn't really worth it as it's overpriced and somewhat inconsistent. Their baristas are very knowledgeable about their brews and can be really helpful if you don't know what you want. Their outdoor space is awesome and I'm completely guilty of pretending that those rocking chairs on the front porch are my own and I've just opened my doors to a bunch of strangers to get coffee. Tip: if you're getting any services done at polite society across the street, stop here first to pick up a coffee while you wait!I visited here around 8:30am and it was quiet, quaint, and the ladies behind the counter were just so, so lovely. I ordered a chai tea with almond milk and they were kind and quick. I throughly enjoyed it, thank you!Clean, welcoming atmosphere, and good coffee.  Location is tucked away cozily in uptown.
Within my first 5 minutes here, I spilled my coffee (totally my fault-luckily computer was fine).  The friendly staff immediately attended to the spill and spotted me a new cup.Great coffee!!! This place has the best coffee in New Orleans! It's incredibly cute and pleasant to sit both inside and out. The prices are a bit high, but the food is good and the coffee is great!This place is really a great place to have coffee and a bite to eat.  Pretty house setting, ambiance is great, baristas cool and kind.  It's long been a great place to do work.  I've often come for a few hours, and had coffee and lunch or snack (which is to say I don't just sit on my computer and order nothing, I spend a lot of money, actually).  It's really a pleasant place to work and hang out. Since the last time I came, though, they seem to have closed up all their electric outlets.  I'm sure this is to keep their electric bill down, but it seems pretty stingy, especially since all their fare is pretty expensive as things go (this is not a cheap cafe, so certainly they're earning well more than their monthly entergy bill in the space of a morning's rush), and since pretty much every cafe in business knows that people working on computers are their best paying customers (they all eventually end up eating, and drinking more coffee). So this seems to be a pretty cheapo, really douchey, move on their part, really. And I doubt it will save them money in the long run.  I'll probably just go back to the cafe I used to hang in. Which, like most others, has available electric outlets.  Huge bummer.Y'all doing the most. Just stop and take my money.
The NOLA is my fav!! The food, all is it is great!  I've never drank so much coffee in one day till I came here!LOVE FRENCH TRUCK SO MUCH!!! Anytime I'm dogsitting uptown I just take a stroll to the Dryades location (my favorite location out of all of them.. even the BR one)! Food is fantastic and when it comes to coffee I don't do anything fancy just dark roast no cream no sugar... and if you do add cream / sugar I suggest don't that way you can truly taste what this coffee shop is all about. 
I would've given 5 stars but you can only get your hole punched if you order a drink... sometimes I'm not trying to be overly energetic and really just want to stuff my face until I fall asleep. French Truck owner / manager can y'all change this rule? 
I'll leave the review with don't be an ass tip your barrister, server, and bartender10/10 I got the biscuit sandwich and the New Orleans ice coffee sweetened and I was not disappointed!! The biscuit was a perfect blend of savory and sweet and the ice coffee was soooo smooth.Get the waffle sandwich & a chocolate croissant. Entrees came with marinated strawberries that were very tasty. Was really fun to see their old fashioned cold brew set up!!I ran across this place while in New Orleans and I can say it was simply amazing. The Banana Foster French Toast was amazing it wasn't too sweet. The staff was amazingly friendly. I will definitely be back when I go back.Awesome iced mocha and toasts! Ordered pick up one day got waffle sandwich and salmon toast. Both out of this world. Went back the next day and got pimento toast (unexpectedly spicy but still delicious). Great atmosphere and vibe. Friendly service. Will be back for sure!Coffee and customer service are amazing! But seriously.... no air conditioning on ever? I love a hot coffee anytime, but I guess I'll have to take my business else where till it cools off so I can enjoy my drink at your business.I had a great latte here on Tuesday and appreciate having great coffee in the quarter!Went to French Truck today because they stay open until 6- later than a handful of other coffee shops in the area. Ordered espresso shots, and when I asked for more info about the beans- blend? single origin? where are they from? etc., the girl at the counter just said "I don't know. They're just the ones we use." I think I would've gotten more info at Starbucks from one of their employees and it's a huge chain. Also, the payment station is only slightly tilted towards the customer and the employee ringing me up didn't even try to hide the fact that she was watching me tip her which was extremely uncomfortable. 
After ordering, I found an open table and sat down to do some work on my computer- they do have free wifi after you log in- but found that not only were there no outlets anywhere... the outlets that had been in the building before they turned it into a coffee shop had been covered so that customers cannot plug in any devices. We then asked where the outlets were, since that seems messed and were told that there was one on the porch. We went outside with espresso shots in hand and saw the outlet on the porch- next to rocking chairs clearly not intended for anyone to do work in and the outlet was clearly an outdoor utility one you would plug your power washer into, not your phone or computer charger. There were also no outlets by any of the tables on the side of the building, so we drank the espresso and went to a standby coffee shop nearby instead that doesn't feel like a Starbucks-does-New-Orleans-with-a-bright-yellow-house-and-cutesy-logo-"totally-local" place. 
Note on the espresso: actually surprisingly good for the workers not knowing what they're doing! Served with sparkling water too. 
Oh and they have punchcards.First day in NOLA and getting coffee here was the perfect start. We had the OJI and the NOLA for iced coffee and the croissant sandwich to go and everything was delicious. My favorite part apart from the food was the compostable to go box for the sandwich and the super cute stickers! Definite must visit! :)Let me start this review by saying that I have a serious coffee addiction. The New Orleans iced coffee is the best iced coffee I have ever had. Seriously. I now live in New York and crave this coffee all the time. 
Every time I visit New Orleans, I go at least once- if not once every day that I am there. Plus, my family typically goes every Saturday with our Great Dane. Everyone that works there is so sweet! 
The location is great, and the building itself is so cute. Aside from the iced coffee, you can't go wrong with the food. In my picture below, I got the avocado toast and then the strawberry & goat cheese toast.Delayed reviewed...I was here in feb and just loved this place. There were several locations and my friends and I frequented this coffee shop several times in our couple day stay. Food and coffee were great and lovely customer service!I came here the other day with my friends for breakfast and to do some work on our laptops. We all got the New Orleans style iced coffee, which was so smooth and delicious. It was the best coffee I've had in a long time and was the perfect amount of caffeine! For food, I got the biscuit sandwich with turkey, which melted in my mouth and was really flavorful. The only negative thing I'd say was there weren't any outlets in the place, so it's hard to sit and work all day, but it's definitely an excellent hang out spot besides that! I can't wait to come back on my next trip to New Orleans.Delicious coffee and food. I love the waffle sandwich as my go to breakfast order. It's the perfect mix of sweet and savory! I go for the New Orleans iced coffee usually but everything I've tried hasn't disappointed. My only complaint is that whenever I go here my clothing smells like fried food, so I don't know if they need some better ventilation for the kitchen. Just something to keep in mind in case you have somewhere to be after stopping in.So yummy!!! The New Orleans Iced Coffee  (no syrup, half&half to keep it Keto) is DELICIOUS. The Oji slow drip coffee is also a must-try for avid coffee drinkers. Smooth and perfectly strong.I've become a regular at the new French Truck location. I love the vibe of the shop--it's clean, sleek, busy, but never overwhelming and never too crowded. The fact that there's no wi-fi has actually turned into a treat! French Truck is my spot to read and get things done without the distraction of my laptop. The prices can be a tiny bit steep, but it's worth it! Must check it out!
UPDATE: they're changing things up. Wi-fi now. St. Clair Pizza on Friday. French Truck, you my SPOT!Great location - no soy milk + vegetarian sandwich = glad I came before the crowds!
Friends and I checked this place out as soon as it was open.  I LOVED the caprese sandwich and the waffles were also on point.  They don't carry soy milk so their non dairy milk is a coconut milk blend that I wasn't a fan of.  I think this place is going to be packed soon so I suggest coming in off hours.  Looks like they will have an awesome outdoors area so that will help with the crowds.  I will come back for the sandwich!UPDATE: I have since learned that French Truck has quite the commitment to reduced waste, but faces significant hurdles locally to recycling and other efforts. They use ceramic bowls and real silverware, and they've worked hard to find a recycler to take their waste after the fact. However, the behavior that I experienced in the cafe this morning (and at the other times I've visited the LGD location) was not representative of a commitment to reduced waste, as every person who ordered a drink received a disposable plastic or plastic-lined paper cup, with no option for reusable mugs presented or encouraged - even if they were present on the shelf.
But in light of these efforts, I've raised my star rating. The rest of the review stands.
--
I was really hoping this place would be great, since it's so close to my house. But when I stopped in here on election day to drown my anxieties in breakfast and coffee, I was really disappointed. My initial visual impression outside and in was positive, and the opening service was fine initially (the woman who rang me up even complimented me on my #GetYourPantSuitOn tshirt). I ordered an iced chai latte and specifically asked for it in a non-plastic cup. She said, "Oh, sure" and wrote my order on a post-it note instead of a plastic cup, which I assumed she would stick on a mug.
But as soon as I walked away from the counter, she stuck it on a plastic cup, and her colleague actually making the drinks just made it in a plastic cup. I ended up not taking the drink off the counter at all, and neither of them noticed for at least 30 minutes.
I also ordered the granola and fruit for breakfast, which came out looking beautiful. However, I found the yogurt to be significantly more sour than I'm used to (and I eat plain Greek yogurt regularly). The taste and amount of granola was a good balance, but I would likely not order it again because the sour undertones kept being really overpowering.
Additionally, their wifi is only free for an hour, which is ridiculous. This place is nowhere near busy enough (and is certainly priced high enough) to justify such a limit on the wifi time.
All in all, I will likely not be coming back, even if it is close by.Iced coffee runs through my veins, and French Truck is my favorite spot to get it in the city. I get the same order every time- a large New Orleans Iced Coffee topped with their almond milk. They use Califia almond milk ( the toasted coconut variety) which, in my opinion, is the best almond milk out there, so that's a huge plus. I credit that as part of the reason why the coffee tastes so good. The chicory in the coffee is not overpowering, either.
The cafe they have on Dryades is also really cute and cozy and would definitely be a good spot for studying. They have a breakfast and lunch menu, from which I've only ever had their avocado salad. It really wasn't good at all, but I feel like I can't rate a coffee shop on their salads, so it didn't knock off a star. I've also tried their croissants, which are great. The everything croissant is pretty interesting cause it has cream cheese in it, but I think my favorite would be the almond croissant. 
Come to French Truck for the New Orleans Iced Coffee and stay for the good vibes.Oh French Truck, how I love your coffee. They have a fantastic NOLA ice coffee that I cannot urge you enough to try. They also have all day breakfast and lunch which is so yummy. The seating inside is limited but the cute outside patio makes up for it. My only issue is.... where are the outlets??? I see so many people here (including myself) that have computers and need to work but leave after an hour because there are no outlets to charge computers. It's nice because you can't keep a table all day but inconvenient if you forgot to charge your laptop last night!Charming coffee shop in NOLA!  I've only been to this location, but they do have multiple. Indoor and outdoor seating options, rocking chairs on the porch. If you're into coffee, this place is worth trying. From pour overs to tea options, it covers it all. There is a full food menu for breakfast and lunch, and I highly recommend their toasts. There are baked items that you can get quickly if you don't have time to wait for a toast to be made or something just need to grab and go. 
The bread I got most recently seemed to be the end pieces and it was a bit tough, although still good in taste - hence the star rating choice.  Sometimes hard to get seating indoors, so if you want a table, get there earlier or just be a bit patient.Stopped here for an iced coffee, it was good. The service was good, not overly welcoming but good.  Giving this place a 4 star because the coffee/tea beverage options were limited in comparison to other places.Fantastic coffee and super helpful staff. I had a great croissant with jalapeño sausage lots of flavor. Quinoa salad with goat cheese and avocado and arugula was superb. I have been here 4 times in 3 days!Amazing gluten free waffles available! I got the waffle sandwich and it was amazing! There are also sandwiches, waffles, soup and salad. Great outdoor spaceI was disappointed in this French Truck location. First, I walk in and they have the main front door propped wide open -- keep in mind this is July in New Orleans -- I thought maybe their air was broken but it wasn't. So the front door being open + air inside was counterproductive. As I waited in line someone came up and presented the employee with a sandwich that wasn't theirs, to which employee thought the gentleman put the order in wife's name, which he did not. I looked for a place to sit and the majority of the tables were still dirty, with crumbs scattered on top, chairs sticking out everywhere, and there were maybe 12-15 people in there. It wasn't busy. I've been to their location(s) on Magazine and they were very well kept and clean. Not sure what happened to this one.Best avocado toast and coffee in town 
And the staff is super nice 
And always very cleanWalk by here every day.  Went in one slow morning and wasn't acknowledged for 5 minutes - even though there were two people behind the counter - they would not make eye contact with me.  Was finally asked If I was there to order something.  Um.. Why else would I be standing in line at 7:30?  I ignored her obtuse comment and instead said hello and good morning.  I then asked for a small cup of coffee and she said, oh do you want a cup of joe? (what it is explicitly called on menu).  Once again, what else would I be asking for?  She told me the total than proceeded to keep my change for her tip after I paid.  I will not be going back.  A 10 year old would have more skills to relate to a customers needs.This is my favorite coffee shop in all of nola. Fast service, great food and coffee. Perfect for studying, socializing, or a nice brunch. Family and dog friendly. Great aesthetic as well. Love it here!We were visiting from SoCal and needed to eat a quick lunch before flying out. We found this place on Yelp and it was close to where we were staying so we decided to check it out. From the moment we stepped in, we loved the decor and knew this place was special. The cashier was really nice and explained their menu and the different coffees that they had.
We ordered the Provence and Waffle sandwiches, Cafe au lait, and Nola Coffee. The coffee was delicious! The sandwiches were really good too! I'm not a big fan of goat cheese, but the goat cheese in the Waffle sandwich wasn't overpowering. It was a great balance. The Brie in the Provence sandwich went perfectly with the prosciutto and arugula. We hope to come back next time we're back in NOLA!This coffee shop is so cute! They have a great selection of coffee and pastries. It's probably some of the best coffee I've had in New Orleans. I also have gotten their biscuit sandwich, which I also found very tasty! They have a lot of indoor and outdoor seating, which makes it a great place to catch up with friends, get some work done, or just do some reading. The only problem is that they limit the WiFi to an hour and don't have any outlets, so definitely don't recommend this place if you need to dedicate hours to getting work done. 
I've never had any problems with street parking and the staff has always been very friendly! Definitely recommend!!Standard local coffee place. There always seems to be a "type" that works at these places, in a hurry and absolutely no chit chat or smiles, except for each other. They are steering away from straws, and the lids for the cold drinks are really good for sipping. No outlets in the shop, not sure about the outdoor seating. Rocking chairs on the front porch.  The coffee is strong, probs because most people order lattes or some specialty coffees from these places. Good for a quick stop on the way to the street car stop.Great place for coffee after a beautiful morning walk. Quaint and cozy place to relax, read, and visit.Oh my goodness! Delicious coffee, perfect quick cafe food, clean, & friendly staff! Street parking, outdoor dog friendlyIt really bums me out to have to do this, but I am changing my rating.  The coffee is still amazing, but the fact that they REMOVED THEIR POWER OUTLETS to dissuade people from spending any time at their place blows my mind.  I get that they want their tables to go to paying customers, but how about a wifi code that lasts for an hour or two, or provided with purchase?  This is just antisocial.  Maybe the next step is to remove the chairs so that people don't sit down to read their paper or talk to their friends?  That would certainly discourage lingering over your cup of coffee. I have easily spent hundreds of dollars there over the past couple of years; however, I'll be taking my money to somewhere a bit friendlier in the future.Best coffee in the Southeast!  The only local coffee I can drink now after living on the west coast for 12 years.  Fun service too.I think that this is hands down the best coffee house in New Orleans. I was so happy to hear that they've expanded beyond their Magazine street shop. It's a good place but there isn't exactly a lot of room to hang out, talk with friends, work, student and the like.
The new location is just about perfect. They've got the best coffee in town brewed however you like and have their excellent cold brew concentrate available as well. The food is a new addition - the older location on Magazine would have pastries but not much else but this location has a full menu of sandwiches, light breakfast items in addition to some amazing looking pastries and at least one incident of a croissant the size of a football. 
The layout of the place makes it feel almost like a home. Maybe building inside of an old house has something to do with that but the front porch is an absolutely lovely touch. 
I will note that they don't have wifi, but as much time as I spend here I've never noticed it to be a problem. I study here often enough and even with the electronic textbooks that we're given I haven't had any issues without having internet access. 
Highly recommended.Favorite items: NOLA iced coffee, pressed waffle sandwich, avocado toast and strawberry toast. (The toasts are pricey considering the size, but standard for the avocado toast craze that's swept the country.)
Service is always great, and there are a ton of different seating options: inside tables, front porch rocking chairs, and outside patio.
Usually, there's always something interesting for sale on the corner, too. Most recently, it was amazing costume pieces, and my prior visit, it was a mobile plant shop.New year, new people, new places. First and foremost I am not a coffee drinker so please continue to the next review if that's what you want to know about. 
However, I am all about breakfast and beautifully design spaces, French Truck has both. 
The first thing you will notice is the front porch and its rocking chairs but more on that in a second. 
Step in and enjoy the big open space, wonderful lighting, simple decor and the smell of freshly brew coffee. 
The menu is direct and to the point, I had the freshly squeezed orange juice and avocado toast. Both were delicious, I only wish the orange juice came in a bigger size. 
Once you have your order step outside and enjoy the rocking chairs the porch is great for relaxing as you catch up with friends or simply watch the world go by. 
Will return to try the pastries that looked amazing and maybe one day the coffee ;-)Absolutely amazing coffee and even better employees. Everyone who works here is so incredibly friendly and kind, and it doesn't hurt that the coffee is the best in the city :) The atmosphere is very relaxed, the decor modern and tasteful, and be sure to try the tomato basil soup!Stopped by this location during my short trip to New Orleans. Great indoor and outdoor seating options and a clean, modern interior. I got a cortado, which was smooth and delicious and grabbed an RX Bar before continuing on my touristy adventures around the city. I'm also a sucker for cute packaging and branding and loved French Truck Coffee's cups and signage!We love this quaint little coffee home in the Garden District.  We were visiting from Atlanta and wanted to grab some breakfast and coffee.  This place was perfect.  A little bit of a line to order--but all good things are worth waiting for, right?  We were still able to get a great selection of food and coffee drinks and sit at a table.  My little things: I couldn't give it the five stars was the traffic flow was terrible-I couldn't figure out where the line was or how to pick up food or drinks.  There aren't beignets here.  And it really could benefit from a lot more tables.  By the time our food came our drinks were gone but the line was more than 20 min at that point so no refills or reorders.  But other than that we loved it.  Lots of cute dogs and kids.French Truck's new location has really hit it out of the park. It's much bigger, with seating for around 30. There are a few 4 top tables, several 2 tops and lots of barstools. They have a full kitchen with about 5 items on both their breakfast and lunch menus. Today I had the waffle sandwich with egg, prosciutto and goat cheese - simple and good. My latte was foamy and delicious - though I wish it were a little bigger for the price. I'm a big fan of French Truck's iced coffee concentrate that you can get in a lot of local grocery stores, and the one they make on site is the bomb. 
My one suggestion would be to relocate the self-service station closer to the door, instead of having to walk to the back of the place on your way out. 
Oh! And grab a drink card on your way out - buy 7 and your 8th drink is free!So I've been here twice now today, and at least 3 times a week for the last two weeks. Maybe it's because I'm a coffee glutton, or more likely it's because the coffee keeps bringing me back. I just picked up a bottle of their cold brew dark roast with vanilla to take home so they don't get sick of seeing me everyday. I absolutely love their in house brewed coffee. The Nola iced coffee is delicious. If it came in a larger size I would be in heaven  because I sip it down far too quickly. Their food is also quite delightful. I have had the stuffed croissants as a quick breakfast replacement, and today I tried the tarragon chicken salad which was everything I could have hoped for and more. On top of all of this greatness, the staff are quick with food orders and friendly all the while. I could go on for at least 5 more minutes singing French Truck Cafe's praises, but then I would have to push off drinking my coffee even longer... And no body wants that. 
Definitely check this place out if you haven't already!We did not visit their location, but had their coffee at Atchafalaya. Best coffee I've ever had. I'm a black coffee girl, nothing fancy for me. French Truck Coffee delivers! I seriously don't know if I'll ever be able to drink a cup anywhere else and not long for French Truck.Great coffee, but a shot of espresso at over $3 seems very high (I'm from Seattle where a shot is  $0.75 TO 1.5)They don't have wifi. But the coffee is good. The atmosphere is really nice but they should definitely get some internet in here.Chill unassuming coffee shop with a clean and spacious inside. I'm from Australia where espresso coffee and latte art is in our DNA and we did a "coffee crawl" as soon as we got here in search of the best coffee in New Orleans. French Truck was first on the list and didn't disappoint. Love it when a location is off the beaten path. Friendly staff who are happy to talk coffee. Still looking for a coffee shop who offers the original Flat White, though (Starbucks doesn't count).A very cute and popular New Orleans coffee chain that's producing decent coffee.  
Two collared cats next to the shop meowed and followed me to the door which was wonderful and adorable.  
I ordered a cortado which was solid, strong and not bitter whatsoever.  It was properly made which is refreshing to see.  The hubby ordered an iced hazelnut coffee which was delicious!   They're using crushed ice which makes the coffee super cold and also prevents it from being watered down.Excellent coffee, calming vibe, and friendly service early in the morning! I thought the place was super cute and can't wait to go back on the weekend to crank out some work and they their food!The place is very nice and cozy but the coffee is not that good. Go for the environment but not the drinks!Very good environment meet and have a drink with locols good people good snacks and good if u want to work with ur laptop or read a bookCoffee was good but they only have 2 options of milk - whole and like coconut milk? Maybe it was some other milk...maybe almond. I stopped listening after she told me they didn't have skim milk. They also only have stevia and sugar in the raw. I know you're trying to be super hipstery and trendy with your coffee shop, but you should accommodate all customers by having more of options. I waited until I got to work to put equal (cause that's what I like) in my latte. It was tasty but I probably won't be back.What this cafe lacks in substance, it makes up for with decor and ambiance. Unfortunately that's not all I care about. While my cappuccino was fairly tasty, my meal and pastry were very underwhelming. I would not come here again for food- and would defer to other cafes for stronger, more flavorful espresso and coffee. The breakfast biscuit was a step up from fast food and my croissant was stale and generic-tasting. I came to this cafe with high hopes, but was not impressed by any means. I think this would be a fine spot for a coffee and hang out/ study session, but it's not a solid spot.While in town visiting family, I was introduced to French Truck Café on 2 separate occasions. The first was at Ruby Slipper Café where I had the cold brew coffee on tap. It was delicious and sweetened enough that it didn't dilute the caffeine flavor (my biggest cold brew pet peeve) and I knew I wanted to check out French Truck Café itself.
My sister insisted we visit this location specifically because she thought I would love the architecture (you can't miss that bright yellow and blue) and location. It's a hip little spot and apparently the cute outdoor seating area is new since my sister hadn't seen it until she took me. The space is brand spanking new and stunning on the inside. Not only lots of college students but business meetings in progress.  I had my heart set on the cold brew and asked the difference between the Oji Drip Iced and the Nola Iced. The girl behind the counter was very friendly and knew her stuff. She sold me on the NOLA Iced and mentioned that they sweeten it themselves. If iced isn't your thing, they offer other coffee varieties as well as many options for hot tea. Breakfast and lunch are also offered but minimal choices, about 4-5 choices for each but items that would fit most diets. Also, make sure to mention if you want your drink made "to go". 
My cold brew was poured over crushed ice and was absolute perfection. It was perfectly sweetened but not at all watered down because of the ice. They have it down to a science here and I wish I could make it that perfect at home.  Even my sister had a taste and agreed. 
For the most part- our experience was a good one. The space is clean, staff is friendly and coffee is great. Parking is off street.
Pro tip- make sure to get the punch card. Even though I was visiting I picked one up to give to my sister. After a certain amount of punches on the card- you get a free drink!Met a group for a meeting here this morning. The decor has a light and bright, happy colored warehousy vibe: simple, clean and happy. Had the NOLA iced: cold brew with milk and a touch of sugar. I care was taken in the making g and it was a fine cup of iced Joe. This place is worth going out of your way to try.My favorite coffee period. I'm very picky with  coffee, and I am really into stronger roasts. This place makes very bold coffee with wonderful taste. Their cold brew is truly delicious. For hot coffee, the Ethiopian is delicious. Coconut Almond milk is the best milk option around.Good vibe, good food, good coffee. 
Can't go wrong with iced coffee! Regular iced coffee, chai latte, and iced caramel latte. MUST GET THEIR TOASTS. We got the avocado, maple bacon, and strawberry balsamic mint. All of which were so good! One less star because the waffle sandwich was so thin. 
Definitely a cool hang out spot to get work done and get your coffee fix!Get the New Orleans iced coffee. Chicory coffee mixed with half and half and simple syrup - yum! On the pricey side for coffee in NOLA but worth it ;)I didn't see any photos of the French Toast, which you can get with maple syrup, bananas foster, or espresso cream. I couldn't even finish my order, it was so large. For only $9. Amazing.So it was my first time here. It was really busy. So it took a bit to get my non dairy cappuccino. I also got a pastry. The total was pricey so I I did get sticker shock. The coffee was $4 and my total before tipping was $8.77.. All that complaining about the prices aside I am super impressed with the coffee. It was delicious!! So crazy good! The staff was polite and with the amount of people in there they worked as fast as they could. Waiting a little extra for the coffee was totally worth it. Since I have to be careful how I spend I'll probably opt out of getting a pastry next time but I will go back for the cappuccino! Yum!This location was nestled in the neighborhood. There is on street parking. The prices were a bit high and food was good. I got the iced chai latte and waffle breakfast sandwich with a pastry for $21!this place doesn't carry white sugar for some reason... maybe political? Maybe a northern thing? Or a california thing? I had to get a refund for two coffees b/c I like white sugar and all they have is raw sugar and simple syrup... Maybe i'm just not cool enough to get it....I have been scoping this place out and wanting to try it for a month or so now. It just looks so cute! I'm sad to say that the fitness was the only thing that lived up to my expectations. I got the chai tea (which was good) my husband got an espresso and a mocha (neither of us were a fan of their flavor and it also took forever). I also got the bacon, date and pistachio toast. First, they brought out the wrong toast, but no biggie. Then they brought out the correct toast and it still looked nothing like the pictures online. It tasted alright but I think I wanted my mind to be blown. My husband got the croissant sandwich and was not impressed, mostly due to lack of meat on it. Like I said the food wasn't bad, but we both decided we probably would not be back.Super food. The toast and sandwich bread is delicious. Cute and roomy space. Nice covered patio sitting with filtered light. Friendly, efficient staff. Coffee is fabulous--iced ogi and New Orleans coffee. Really glad we came.Great little coffee shop. Lot of great bakery selections as well. Coffee full and well balancedMy favorite local coffee shop.  I absolutely love the chai tea and breakfast pastries.  All my locations are my favorite. And the rosemary water  is most refreshing and enjoyable.Let me start of by saying.. WOW!! 
Their Oji iced coffee is so flavorful. You won't be disappointed with this choice.. especially if you're a lover of a good ice coffee.. this stop in New Orleans is a must! 
My husband ordered their cafe Au Lait and it was so frothy/creamy.  
The French truck is a very cool little coffee shop with a wide range of options(all of which you will probably enjoy) the staff is helpful and kind. 
Nicely decorated and very clean! Love it.I LOVE this place! It's an amazing neighborhood spot with plenty of street parking and a wonderful atmosphere. The outdoor seating is awesome and under a roof so you're shaded, and the inside is so cozy and refreshing. I love the yellow color, it just brings such a light to my day! Their coffee is unusual, with the Oji Drip being their iced coffee and has a different taste, but I really enjoy it. The "NOLA iced" is my other favorite, but it tastes deeply of hickory and is saccharine unless you ask them to hold the sugar (I always do and add my own!). This is not to mention the food here- the avocado toast, white bean toast, breakfast sandwich, and grain bowl with eggs are all delicious and I've enjoyed each on different occasions. I would love to come back and enjoy a lunch sandwich- they always look delicious!I cannot stress enough how great this coffee is! It's the best and totally my favorite in all of New Orleans. I've had it numerous times and always consistent. The atmosphere was pleasant and service has been always been in a timely manner. The design of the place is cute as well. I will recommend this coffee joint to anybody'Found this place because it was coffee within walking distance of my air bnb. Ended up coming back for breakfast and coffee every day on my trip. The NOLA iced coffee is fantastic and they have the best blueberry muffin I've ever had. The place is very cute and I love the atmosphere. The only complaint is the staff wasn't super friendly but the service was quick and the coffee & food were delicious so it's not a deal breaker.Curse French Truck coffee for their perfectly-prepared coffees, their tasty snacks and their delightful service. It would be a lot easier to kick my coffee addition if there weren't places like this that were a complete delight to patronize. As is the case with the Baton Rouge location, it's always a menagerie of local color in there, and that makes it a lot of fun to sip a latte and watch the world go by.French Truck Coffee on Dryades was my first stop upon arrival in New Orleans, and it definitely set a fantastic first impression of the chicory-blended coffee in NOLA! Loved the roasted taste it added - especially when it's paired with milk it's perrrrfect.
I basically took the ingredients from their croissant sandwich (bacon, egg, cheddar, tomato jam) and made a waffle sandwich out of 'em instead. They were very accommodating of adjustments, which was nice. The waffle sandwich hit all the right sweet-savory spots, and the maple syrup was very literally the icing on top.
My friends and I got there at around 7:30/7:40 AM and there were only a couple of people there, but when 8 AM rolled around so did a lot more customers. Regardless the line goes fast and you won't have to wait long at all for your order. 
It's super cute in the Dryades location, loved the strings of lights on the inside! Only downside was that while they had good wifi, we couldn't find any outlets (which we needed as we planned to work online there for several hours). Anyway highly recommend, make sure you get the NOLA iced coffee!!Absolutely delicious, I can't even name the items , I was so hungry I had half a menu. Affordable and good service, coffee isAtmosphere, snacks and coffee were excellent!  There are plenty of seating options inside and it was quiet enough where you could work but not totally stark.  Outside there were many tables to enjoy the weather and they even bring your food to you if you choose to sit there.  Nice touch.  They have a few cold brews they make in house but I chose a cortado with almond milk.  The avocado toast selection is legit.  I tried regular avocado, strawberry basil and white bean.  Have to say avocado and white bean - nailed it!!!Good coffee but the food is wayyy overpriced. I paid $5 for a croissant. That's a scamLovely little coffee shop with nice ambiance and good food/coffee. We had an AirBnb in the areas and grabbed breakfast and coffee here. I got the the waffle sandwich and my friend the croissant sandwich. Both were tasty and light (we didn't want to eat a huge breakfast). Both of our coffees were tasty (try the NOLA!). Worth the stop in!My teenager and I love their coffee. Love the uniqueness of the brand and each location is great with a fun fast staff!Pleasant neighborhood coffee house.  Good coffee, on par with other New other independent coffee houses.  Well prepared, reasonably fresh breakfasts, with several options.  Relaxing atmosphere.  Had to ask to turn down music on the outdoor patio.   Starting my day with Led Zeppelin and AC/DC would be a big step for me.Affordable prices. Great coffee. Cute ambiance. Good quality food. I would definitely return to this place when I come back to Nola.Was a huge fan of this place for food and coffee, but then the blocked all of the outlets so I can no longer come here for lunch in between classes! Now I have to go somewhere else :(
I have no idea who would think blocking the outlets was a good idea - they could have just instituted the same requirement that Mojo and Zotz use - ask people to buy a beverage or snack every hour when it is crowded. Now I can't go here at all, so they are losing business! Used to eat here 2-3x per week.
Reply to business owner: 
Come on! I don't think you are being fair here. Plenty of us are students who may not be able to afford new devices with batteries that last a long time. Going to a cafe to get a quick bite or coffee while charging up before the next class is a normal thing to do. You've chosen to alienate that community, hence the one star rating. People have a right to know that they may not be able to come here to work anymore.  
You had other options to combat people sucking up your power without paying for drinks or food and you chose not to take them and force people out instead.I love this coffee shop! I live nearby and come here often for coffee or to sit and study. Great atmosphere and quality.