Came to French toast on our trip to New Orleans for breakfast! It was the best breakfast I had on our whole trip. I got the salmon toast with an over hard egg. The fried chicken and waffles looked delicious but too heavy for us because we were flying out that morning. The bread is fluffy and fresh. I also got a latte which was amazing!! I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is delicious and you can't go wrong. Staff was friendly as well! This would definitely be a place I would go back to when I visit Again in the futureA very accessible place for breakfast on Decatur St in the French Quarter.  Great selection and reasonable prices. Clean and bright with very good service. I had the crepes with mushroom, onion, spinach and goat cheese which was ample and perfectly done. My partner had the avocado toast with sunny egg which she loved.Fantastic breakfast spot. Always packed. The Marci Gras French toast, stuffed with cinnamon cream cheese was pretty great. Enough for two.Made reservations through OpenTable. Arrived and it was busy weekend so we were seated at bar (party of two). Mimosas for drinks and cool part is we could see through the receiving window and watch our food cooked. Energy was upbeat and food was deliciousGreat place to stop in when in town. Servers were great, food great and the hot sauce amazing!  Definitely call ahead, hostess was great to work with about the wait and everything.This was a great place for breakfast/brunch. The lemon curd crepes were fantastic, as was the chicken and waffles. Overall this was a great atmosphere in a great location... that wait staff was also very friendly... I would definitely eat there again soon!The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the first time we went, we got on the waitlist online and it said to be there at a certain time. We walked from our house which is 15min walk time away, and made it on time, only to have the hostess tell us (with an attitude) that we have to wait in line and be put on the waitlist all over again (Which was over 1hr wait) 
After a few weeks went by, we arrived at 8am opening time and the food was great. I definitely recommend the puffed pancakes with lemon curd.WHY WE WENT HERE:
- early morning breakfast before our second attempt at casually perusing through French Market
THE LOOK (FROM THE OUTSIDE):
- located off Decatur St and Ursulines Ave
- the logo/sign outside honestly at first glance made me think it was Togo's
THE LOOK (FROM THE INSIDE):
- bar seating and regular seating
- love the windows, the ceiling, and the wall mural, and honeycomb tile flooring - just unique
THE MENU:
- toast
- French toast
- eggs
- savory crepes
- sweet crepes
- sides
- waffles
- entrees
- Aebelskivers
- drinks
WHAT WE ORDERED:
- king's cake French toast
- chicken n waffles 
- side bacon
THE TASTE:
- SO FREAKIN GOOD!
- king's cake French toast was VERY thick, stuffed with cinnamon sugar cream cheese (syrup not needed)
- chicken and waffles: chicken was crispy and moist, waffles crunchy and soft, but the real star of this dish was the cayenne butter
CUSTOMER SERVICE:
- super warm and welcomingThe service was slow. It appears the shop just opened and still getting organized.  They forgot to put our order in! Once we got our food, all was forgiven. The French toast was delicious!  Their were so many new things to try. Delish!!!Delicious try the pom mimossa it's the best !!! Waffles are good too and that Mardi grad toast tooOne of the best breakfast experiences my girlfriend and I have ever had and we love breakfast! The king cake French toast made us cry tears of joy. 
The salmon toast was a nice savory complement to the sweet French toast.Affordable brunch in the Quarter. 
-coconut cream French toast = yummy 
- ratatouille omelette = yummy 
- toast + house jam = yummy 
- abelskivers = yummy 
Don't trust the yelp provided wait time / join the waitlist feature. We joined when it said 15/35 mins.... took over an hour for us to be seated.Best morning pick me up EVER. With multiple flavors of mimosas (that hibiscus tho) and all of the lovely breakfast works of art to choose from, French Toast has you taken care of. 
Our server was a charm and helped us narrow down our choices. She did a great job! 
Now I could give you the spiel on the food and environment and what not, but photos are worth a thousand words. This food is equally as beautiful as it is delicious. 10/10.Service was not desiarable. Had to ask for service. Order a hanger steak mid rare. Came out raw all red no pink. Asked for cook up to medium came back sliced and medium well. Asked for just a refill on drink for compensation and was told I had to pay for refill. Will not return.Ebelskiver appetizer with lemon curd are divine. Definitely go for the larger size because your table will be fighting for the last one. My classic breakfast had perfectly poached eggs and I am particular about those. My dining partners really enjoyed their entrees which all looked equally  as appetizing. Was thrilled to find a yummy brunch place and it DOES serve alcohol which is not apparent in the online menu. Definitely can't wait to return and you can join the waitlist on yelp.This little place is really cute. It's in the New Orleans French Quarter, just past the open air market, and well worth a visit! It's a small place with a front wall of windows, booths and a long counter. It's bright and airy, extremely clean and welcoming. We went in for a late brunch, and were welcomed by just about all the front of the house staff. Our Server Whitney helped us quickly, and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu. We decided to try a few different things since this was our first visit. We ordered the Ham, Mushroom, and Gruyere Crepe, with fresh (I mean super fresh!) fruit, the Lemon Curd and Cream Crepe (The whipped cream was homemade!), the Abelskivers (Little Puffed pancakes with a side of lemon curd),  also sides of Grits, and Bacon. Let me tell you, it was all DELICIOUS!! Everything was fresh, hot, and cooked to perfection! Nothing was overly seasoned, or too heavy. It was a good, refreshing meal. I have gluten issues and left this place feeling just fine after eating! That doesn't happen often. Good ingredients, and great taste. A win-win! We will return to try more of the menu items. I've been told that the friend oysters are also great, so I'll save that for my next review. Until then, Happy Eating!!This was our first visit to French Toast, and it won't be our last!! It's a small little place so be prepared to wait (that's why I am giving them 4 stars: we had an hour wait... However, the French Market is right down the street and helped occupy our time) for a table or even a spot at the bar.  The waitstaff was so nice and attentive. We decided to share the Kings Cake french toast and a side order of bacon... Everything was delicious!!Great service was awesome can't wait to go back they had a king cake French toast that looks so deliciousPretty good.  I'd say 3.5 stars for my first visit.  It wasn't too busy on a Friday morning.  I easily got a seat at the bar.  Service was a bit slow, and coffee needed to be brewed.  The atmosphere is bright and spacious for a smaller joint.  I ordered a vegetable crepe with potatoes.  The crepe was good, the potatoes unremarkable.  I'd come back, especially due to the ease by which to squeeze in there on a bustling, sunny day.Best French toast ever! Definitely recommend. The chicken and waffles were pretty amazing too.Holy moly, thanks to Sarah L. for finding this gem last-minute (our first and last morning in New Orleans before leaving on a cruise). French Toast definitely served some tasty dishes and I wished they were able to deliver about 2,250 miles away. Too bad I'm outside their delivery window (just by a little heh). 
We came on a Monday morning, and luckily were seated right away! It's a small space diner-style, with a large display counter. The sunlight shines through naturally brightening the room up! 
We ordered the following: 
King's cake french toast
Chicken n waffles 
Side bacon
Our food was so darn good. King's cake french toast was thicc, and stuffed with a cinnamon sugar cream cheese. No need for syrup, this thing was perfectly sweet on its own! The chicken and waffles came with a cayenne butter that I wanted to slather on anything and everything. The bacon was crisp and salty. 
Even days after we dined at French Toast, I couldn't stop thinking about our meal and wanted to come again. Too bad it'll have to be the next time I'm in New Orleans! Til then!So, so good! Service awesome and food was delicious.  We had banana & Nutella crepes (YUM) and a basic scrambled egg breakfast -but the eggs were awesome, bacon perfect, crazy good biscuit (ask for the cayenne bottle to go with it!) and the best grits I've ever had.  Great drinks too!  Loved it!!The food is really good I had the chicken and waffles and it comes with this delicious butter that is infused with something idek but was yummy! The greats were also very yummy! My wife had the French toast and she loved it. Our waiter Justine amazing!!! He was very tentative and made sure we had what needed! Defiantly a good place to eat!I am vegan so finding something in New Orleans has been hard.  These guys made me a special order.  They even have soy milk! So happy!!Great breakfast spot.  Everything we had was tasty.  Eggs, great bacon and of course yummy French toast.  Highly recommend.Very good brunch spot. My friends and I tried different things but our favorite hands-down was the chicken and waffles. Good service as wellNow for my first time in New Orleans, this place really took me by surprise I ended up he on a whine but it was the best thing I could have stumbled upon I have to say their Chicken and waffles was bomb recommend it if you're in the city.Cute spot with good food options for breakfast/brunch. Nothing fancy, but it doesn't need to be. They serve quality food that's simple. Walking distance from Jackson square.Excellent breakfast in Nola. Had the kings cake French toast. Omg! So evil and delicious! The maple syrup was crazy good too and the bacon was perfect! It's a smaller place so be prepared to wait. We ended up sitting at the counter. Still was nice. Didn't realize it was connected to the hotel there until our family members staying there above the restaurant came right down and it was just a funny coincidence. I love unique breakfast places with unique offerings so I would definitely recommend this place!I would give this place two stars, but the service was pretty good, so - 3. 
My stuffed french toast was - well, stuffed. It had good flavor overall, but because of the cinnamon cream cheese stuffing it was a bit doughy. My wife opted for the catfish with grits; her grits were on the bland side, and the catfish was just ok.Great breakfast, half the cost of Brennan's, clean and nothing was dripping with oil or cold. The ratatouille stood out as did the thick toast, but most people may not have a pallet for eggs and veggies. The food was excellent, but I expect that and no one gets extra points  for serving good food. Service was friendly, helpful and attentive.  The menu selections were enough to make me come back to try other items.Awesome, visiting from Florida. I love eating all over New Orleans, rarely disappointed. This place was great, between the two of us, the crepe, omelette, grits, potatoes, all highlights, even the coffee was great! Service was great, (thanks Mike) worth the wait time, (check in ahead.)Service was good. Food wasn't off the charts, but good. The French toast is very large. We ended up splitting an order between all of us. Very thick & dense, but good.The food was a huge let down. The waffles were hard as a rock. We will not be coming back because the food was such a disappointment.I have to start of by saying I'm not the pancakes and eggs type of girl. I would rather have oatmeal or yogurt for breakfast. However, I stopped in breakfast while my stay in NOLA. Our server was so accommodating, patient, and knowledgeable. He made ordering that much easier. I  started off with the puff pancakes with lemon curd and Nutella must get!! I opted for the breakfast biscuit - fresh, delicious, savory and the eggs really complimented it. I would def come back if I'm ever in NOLA.This place was worth the wait ! The French toast tasted like cake and the chicken and waffles were spectacular! My family and I will be back !This place is in high demand so Deff reserve online in advance. Great food and service, six of us and everyone enjoyed their food. My Chicken and waffles were amazing! Had a bite of the coconut French toast from a friend and that was great as well. On top of the refills and personable staff.We discovered this restaurant because it had a back entrance from our hotel, the Provencial. Best place to stumble upon!
So, so good! Had the fried chicken and waffles, which was absolutely delicious. The butter for the waffles (cayenne butter?) could've been eaten just by itself quite honestly, but the waffles were delicious and the chicken was just so... delicious *chef's kiss*
My mother had the coconut cream stuffed french toast, and damn do they know how to do french toast. Should've guessed from the name. 
Overall a great experience, even if you have to wait a little bit. My mother and I stuck our names on the waiting list and came back when they texted us, which made it nice they have a bit of a small location and its across from the French Market. 
tdlr; Delicious, amazing, show stopping, all the superlatives! The fried chicken and waffles in particular are amazing, but really anything on the menu is worth trying!The restaurant was full, so we opted to sit at the bar rather than wait.  Our server was friendly and our service was fast.  I at the avocado toast while my husband had the classic breakfast.  They were both good, but the French toast was the star of the show.  We had the coconut cream stuffed French toast.  It was filled with creamy coconut, topped with a grilled pineapple and sugared macadamia nuts.  It was huge and one serving was more than enough for us to share.  We would for sure go back!One of the beat breakfast spots we've eaten at in NOLA. My husband didn't talk for 15 minutes while he was eating the chicken & waffles. I had the salmon & cream cheese toast & added avocado. It was incredible!!!! We had the lemon crepes too but couldn't eat all of it. Food portions are large even for the price. Get the coffee!!!!!!! I'm still in food coma. Will be going back again soon. Thanks to Michelle there for the great service. 
I recommend sitting at the bar so you can watch all the good food as it comes up ready. Enjoy!I really didn't even eat, I don't know how the food was but I assure you that the host and the service was the worst of all.  if you come to New Orleans visit other places because the experience of this place was the worst of my trip.I had the chicken and waffles and it was very good. It came with a Cajun butter sauce that added just a touch of spice. It was a healthy portion. The.chicken was not seasoned like I would have like but who needs salt anyway. We also had the pancake balls with powdered sugar. They were good while hot. Atmosphere was casual and family friendly. It is right across from the French Market.Wonderful food but awful service. Servers were cleaning the floors and tables and then serving us food without changing gloves. More concerned about covid than their jobs. I would highly recommend finding another breakfast spot. The opposite of Louisiana hospitality we have found everywhere else. But again, great food.We enjoyed our breakfast quite a bit. Had the chicken and waffles. Both where freshly prepared and had good flavor. We graze our way through Mew Orleans and split the dish. Was plenty of food. Milk punch was ok but Ruby Slipper does that better. We will no doubt be back for another breakfast.If you're in the French Quarter this is THE place to stop for breakfast. We went earlier enough and only had to wait for 5 minutes or so after checking in using the Yelp waitlist feature. I got the Croque Madame which was absolutely delicious. I've never had so many people ask me "Ooo that looks good, what is that?!" upon receiving an order. My mom got the classic breakfast and everything was perfect. The bacon was sweet and smoky, the grits were creamy. Seriously, make coming to French Toast a priority. It will be for me from now on!Food COFFEE and staff were amazing. Next time I am on New Orleans I will be sure to pay them a visit.Pancake balls were amazing. Bacon was thick and crispy. King cake French toast was fun.This was an awesome find.   Half orders should be offered.  Wait staff was great. Cute atmosphere. We'll be back.Just ate here for breakfast and it was by far the best food we've had so far. I ordered the fried chicken and waffles we shared grits w goat cheese (amazing)  & the potatoes. We also ordered the Mardi Gras French toast and an omelet. We were amazed by all the food we got. The pomegranate mimosas also and those were great!!I love this place it is the best breakfast I have ever had. The service awesome and the food spectacular, if you go there get the coconut French toast, aebleskiver ( sauces : lemon curd and Nutella), and fried chicken and waffles. The waiter was nice and the bathrooms were clean.This food was RIDICULOUSLY good ! Literally everything ! Eggs was amazing ! Catfish omg!  Grits good af I'm so full ... WARNING don't get the French toast unless you haven't ate in three days ! They are HUGE but delicious ... can't lie the wait was like 1 hour plus but I swear I would wait two hours if I knew it was this goodWe visited as an last stop on our way back home for breakfast, I had the bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit it was good and my wife had the chicken and waffles which were perfectly cooked. The restaurant is small & a little cramped but nice. No complaintsOMG the Catfish Toast is life changing! Nothing but good here! Service felt like home with a smile and "look you in the eye" conversation. Food is right at every bite. A wonderful escape from the predictable NOLA tourist feel.Oh my!!! We did a sampling starting with the aebelskivers and lemon curd. Then two of us had the avacado toast with corn maque choux eggs and fried oysters, yes I said oysters for breakfast. We also had the crepe Florentine and then finished with the biscuit topped with chicken, pickles and spicy mayo. This was a flavorful breakfast experience and I would highly recommend everything we tasted.Cute little place in the French Quarter with delicious brunch. I wanted to order some of the french toast, but after 2 days in NOLA, my stomach couldn't handle such a heavy breakfast. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and my husband ordered the chicken and waffles and prosciutto toast. The breakfast sandwich was okay - the biscuit was just a little too dry for my taste, but the bacon was very good. My husband loved the chicken and waffles and found the chicken very well seasoned. The prosciutto toast was also very good with interesting flavor combinations. If I come back the next time we're in NOLA, I'm definitely going for the french toast!What a wonderful local experience, enhanced by server Tammy.  She was so welcoming and attentive.  The food choices are varied and prepared fresh.  We had the cheese and herb omelette and fresh fruit.  Everything was delicious and portions were large.  Great place right across from flea market.  They do respect the waitlist call ahead.Soooo very good! Make sure to call ahead to get your name on the list. Only complaint - staff could be a bit more friendly - like most establishments these days.It is a small place so there was a wait, even though I got on the list early through yelp.  Doesn't matter...Wait, it is worth it.  I had eggs and a crawfish hash that was absolutely delicious.  They were seriously the most perfectly cooked eggs I have ever had.  My wife got the guyere (sp) crepes with a salad.  The house dressing was so good, I didn't even get a taste.  When I asked how it was, it was already gone.  She loved the crepes with cheese and ham.  I want to note that we came over Memorial Day weekend and even though there was a wait, I did not feel at all rushed.  Server was friendly.I've been to all three locations of Toast, and I have to tell you, they are one of the top breakfast restaurants in New Orleans for a reason.  Food is always the best of the best.  One of my favorite dish is the catfish and grits.  I get it every time.  Highly recommend this place
For breakfast and brunch.Wow!  What a great find for a delicious breakfast right in the middle of the French Quarter!  I couldn't believe the atmosphere which was both cozy and welcoming.  We ordered an omelette which was plentiful, delicious and perfectly prepared.  I opted for a home made cheddar biscuit which was the best one I had ever had.  I chose the fruit salad as my side; the fruit was fresh and tasty.  Our server, Tammy was AMAZING, ATTENTIVE & PLEASANT!  This is a must for breakfast!Wow! Loved it (and I'm picky).  I had the ratatouille omlette-lots of whole tasted garlic cloves. I don't know what the brand of bacon was, but it was some of the best I've tasted. The house made salad dressing was great and the abbleskivers (sp?) lived up to their reputation. Heidi gave great service and Silky in the kitchen was constantly training while he worked.I've loved toast's original location for years. I enjoyed this visit and the addition of a bar.While visiting NO for Southern Decadence, I woke up early in the mood for a great breakfast and stumbled upon French Toast, which did not disappoint. I joined the waitlist through Yelp & arrived shortly around 9ish in a Saturday morning - I was seated immediately and the waitress was very courteous and attentive. The ambience, the food, the people - everything was great and easy. I even struck up convo with a couple and the table beside me who were visiting from Portland. 
The only thing I will note (& not necessarily bad things) but: 
1 - they don't offer bottomless, so the mimosas/Bloody Mary's are a la carte.
2 - the portions are fairly large, so be prepared to take a doggie bag.
Will definitely be back again!!I live 3 blocks away and have been there three times since they opened a couple weeks ago with varying numbers of co conspirators. Staff is great, food is delectable. I had one mediocre biscuit because it was a bit dry, but I'm betting my next biscuit there would be a win. The menu is decadent and it's only out matched by the delivery of delicious dishes. Can't stop eating the ratatouille.What a great addition to the French Quarter! I've enjoyed the other 2 locations many times. The crepes are delicious, with a good variety of choices. The staff is friendly and attentive. I recommend the restaurant to all my friends and family visiting from out of townAfter waiting in line for 20 mins, my wife and I were denied service because I have I service dog that I need with me at all times. Very disappointing to be denied when service dogs are protected under federal law.Stopped in on the recommendation of a local and holy hell are we glad we listened! Don't let the wait deter you - this place is 100% worth it! Friendly waitress, quick food prep, and fun atmosphere make French Toast all the better.
3 of our party of 6 ordered the chicken and waffles and it was amazing. Enough food to have been shared by the 3 of them but we all ordered separately and ate every bite. Perfectly fried chicken, soft fluffy waffles, and topped with sriracha butter & sweet syrup - perfect sweet and spicy combo. Coconut cream stuff french toast was awesome. Huge slice of soft bread was stuffed bull of sweet cream and topped with grilled pineapple and candied macadamia nuts. YUM.  Definitely worth the wait and the perfect fix to our first hangovers in NOLA.Went 1 mile to this restaurant,  only to find a note on the door that says 'closed due to hotel construction' which we saw no evidence of. Disappointed. Should have noted on maps or yelp.OK so I didn't try the french toast, crepes, or abelskivers. I went straight for the chicken and waffles and was so truly impressed, this will be the first breakfast I come back for here next time. Three perfectly seasoned, super juicy inside and crispy outside fried chicken thighs appeared on a bed of waffle quarters with a small side of cayenne butter. Menu says it comes with maple syrup but it is Dr Bill's cane and maple blend already on the table, a local made product that tastes wonderful with what you have plated in front of you. I spread on the butter, cut up the chicken over it, and poured on the syrup and was in bliss in about two and a half seconds. The best chicken and waffles I have ever found. Secret's out, you will be back.Great spot!!! Service was very polite and friendly. Got the breakfast sandwich which was: Bacon+egg+cheddar cheese on a biscuit.  Excellent. The coffee was really good too. I will be coming back for sure.After a quick shop around French Market, we had brunch over at French Toast and let's just say, we will be back here on our next trip into NOLA! Great staff, everyone was very friendly to us! Various brunch drink options, we ordered mimosas, Irish coffee and a latte and we were each happy with our drinks. The hubby got the Kings French Toast, and he is definitely a French Toast Connoisseur , and he absolutely loved it, just asked him again and he is pretty much drooling recollecting it. The bestest got the avocado toast with some bacon and she loved it! Now time for me! I got the fried oyster, corn maque avocado & egg toast and it was TRES DELICIEUX! Attached a photo, check it out, fried oyster, corn, avo, poached egg all on a bread... i mean that's perfection all served up on some toast :)Waited an hour for a table, waited a further 30/40 minutes for food, no forks on the table... food was alright but nothing special (perhaps it was our ordering though). It was ok, but wouldn't have waited all that time if we'd known the food was only so-so. Wait staff were lovely though.I really enjoy coming here. Everything we've ever gotten has been beyond expectations, especially for the price.of course I can make avocado toast at home, but for $8 it's really worth being able to relax and enjoy being waited on. The crepes are ridiculous!!!!! This was the first time ordering one, and dayyuuumm! They are huge, and decadent! The ratatouille sounds like it wouldn't fit in with the menu, but it works! They also have great breakfast cocktails. We definitely plan on making this a regular spot! Also, we put our name in on a Very busy day, and got seated earlier than expected. The service was also wonderful.Went her for breakfast on a Sunday and the place was packed.  We had gotten in line via the Yelp app so we had almost no wait.  The server was super friendly and attentive.  I had the Chicken and Waffles and, holy crap, they were AMAZING!  The chicken had this slightly spicy crust and was tender inside.  The waffles were great and came with a side of cajun butter that just put the whole thing over the top.  Don't miss this one!Delish!
In a town where you can literally have anything for breakfast, I was convinced I needed French Toast. So we roll in order a mimosa and then informed of the special-a waffle with lemon whip cream, blueberry sauce and strawberries. Sold. It was a yum. The hubs got a omelet and grits. His toast looked like a Grandma in the back was baking all morning-nice and thick. The butter in the table was room temperature(if your a butter expert like we are this is a BIG deal). If your in town, swing by. It doesn't hurt that the restaurant I'm connected to the Hotel Provincial.First time visiting this place. Found it on Yelp. Great food, customer service and atmosphere. I'll definitely stop back next time I'm in NO!!!A great place for either breakfast or brunch. I highly recommended that you use the yelp waitlist option when it's busy. The staff was very friendly even when it was busy. The location is easy to access from Decatur Street. You want be disappointed with the food or service.I had fried chicken and waffles Fried chicken was good, but waffles lacked crunch. Sort of gummy. Another person in our party had the croque madame, which was on two enormous pieces of gummy, flavorless bread that took away from the delicious eggs and ham. Doughnut balls were fun and delicious.This was a welcome surprise on our recent trip to NOLA! We haven't had the best luck at restaurants in the French Quarter and it can be such a pain to navigate, but I'm glad we took the chance and will certainly return during our next trip.
Do yourself a favor and get the aebelskivers. Not knowing what to expect other than them being described as "pancake balls", we went with the small order...and immediately regretted it after one bite. So, so good. I had the classic breakfast that I swear had more than two scrambled eggs. The grits tasted like they had some sort of cheese in them. I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was, but they were awesome. I prefer my bacon extra crispy and this was limp and greasy, but my husband had no trouble taking it off my hands. He opted for the fried chicken, pickles, and spicy mayo biscuit, which he promptly devoured. He said the spicy mayo was incredible. 
Neither one of us were huge fans of the biscuits. They were good, but heavy on the shortening. Service was a little snappy, but efficient, and while we were cramped being seated at the bar, we did get a cool view of the kitchen. Others have mentioned it, but it's true- this is a super small location. I would recommend using the Yelp feature to reserve a table. We didn't and had about a 30 minute wait. No big deal- we wandered around the Quarter- but if you're in a hurry, it's something to consider.The food was very good the service was exceptional we had a waitress her name was Whitney and she provided the best service I've had in a long time. I will return for the food but most of all the attitude of the waitress was phenomenal.Absolutely wonderfully prepared!!  You will have your fill and be coming back to try something else.   Highly recommend chicken and waffles.   So much to choose from.I would have given 5 stars because the food was really good. But we asked for a table for 3, which happened to include a toddler. We were given a table for 2. This place is small so we were right up against the next table and barely had room to pass between so a high chair was not possible. Kids have to eat too! Not to mention it made it difficult for my husband and I to enjoy our meal. Waitress was super nice though and offered to clear our table to give us more room.Awesome breakfast spot great for good eats and people watching. I've been here 3 times and am never disappointed. I even tried to copy their dijon vinaigrette! The strawberry jam that comes with breakfast is amazing and should be jarred. Go here!Breakfast was delicious, chicken fried golden and crispy. Brandy mocha drink yesss, eggs fluffy, grits on point and bacon nice and thick. Unfortunately I was full until dinner.Tiny little place near Jackson square.  Really nice host and they seated us quickly at the bar.  
I'm going to have to try this place again.  We got there late for breakfast and I think I was having a low sugar breakdown.  The food kinda took forever to come out and by then the black coffee that I drank hit me like a rock.
Though the breakfast sandwich looked really delicious and my daughter's strawberry and chocolate crepe looked delicious, we had to book it outta there.This beautiful facility is right next to our hotel..... Hotel Provincial in the French quarter...I had the classic breakfast. Scrambled eggs..bacon...grits..and a biscuit...The coffee was amazing. My husband had an omelette and fruit. Fresh everything. Quality Beyond quality....We really enjoyed the delicious experience. I don't get five stars often but this place deserved it.  My Taste buds are really really picky. Even they agree!   When you're in New Orleans in the French Quarter ..try it out!A high traffic small place, the stress hits you like the humidity of an August Louisiana day. Across from the French Market, it's a very hip menu, with crepes and even ebelskivers, Sweden's answer to the beignet. Theirs are an impression of one. Normally the fillings go inside. Tasty enough. Not magic. It would have been better if they maybe didn't leave them under the hot lamps for nearly ten minutes, but since the wait staff also busses tables, they were in reset mode.
Neither, sadly, was the ratatouille omelette. Thick and rubbery, all of the cheese was slopped into one side. Loved the salad greens, and the vinaigrette. 
Toast is a house sourdough. Tasty but tough. Would have been nice to be asked if I wanted jam. Nope. When I asked about Crystal, the woman snapped that it was in front of me, but there wasn't any at my station. 
Coffee is PJs, New Orleans answer to Starbucks. Not bad, not great.
Busser, and a host, might reduce the tension level that radiates out of the wait staff. 
If you're a single at the counter, they definitely treat you differently because they're not going to get as big of a tip out of you. They mentioned specials, and were far more pleasant with the twos on each side of me at the counter.
Also, folks, look up! (see photo) The AC grill is black with greasy dirt. If that's out front, one can only imagine how the parts that you don't see are kept.
Stanley and Ruby Slipper still run circles around it, in my opinion. I was deeply unimpressed with front of the house, and the kitchen seems to be going through the motions too.Very pleasantly surprised. Food was delicious!
Not easy to spot walking by and not too appealing from outside. Ordered all sides: eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. The sourdough toast is sooo good. Bacon perfectly crisp and eggs very flavorful. Also had the pastry puffs (there's a name I can't pronounce or spell). They are better than beignets imo.We stayed at Hotel Provincial and this restaurant is a skip away. Excellent puffed pancakes!  I'm from Texas and their grits are the most creamy, yummy grits I've ever had!!Yelp's reservation capability worked well.  For our group of 5, the reservation system cited a 45-60 minute wait.  We got onto the waitlist from our hotel and headed out to the restaurant. Wait ended up being an hour.  
Main reason for the two star rating is that one of our orders, the hanger steak, came out five minutes later than the rest of the food.  The steak was only warm, which seems inconsistent with the delay. 
If not for the delay and the condition of the delayed order I would have rated this at 3.5 stars.
By contrast, Willie Mae's was a much better dining experience.I read about French Toast on yelp prior to coming to  New Orleans and liked the reviews. Service and food was great. One of our orders came out wrong-just a communication error on our part. They quickly brought out the correct order and the meal was very nice. The place became quite busy so I'm sure others agree that this is a place to go.The restaurant has a great atmosphere. My wife and I ordered the King cake French toast stuffed with cinnamon cream cheese, topped with Marco gras sprinkles. We added a side of bacon and lyonnaise potatoes. Everything tasted amazing. The prices were much less than we expected. The service was fast and attentive even though the restaurant was packed. If you're looking for a place to eat breakfast, you have to eat here.OMG this is the best French toast in town!!! If you want to enjoy a great breakfasts, this is the place to do it. The service was great, are waitress give us some great guidances. The French toast is amazing!!!This place is worth the wait. My husband and I both will most definitely come back. We ordered the bloody Mary's. I hate vodka so I really love the option of the bloody Maria. I ordered a ham mushroom omelette with potatoes and my husband ordered the chicken and waffles. Both were amazing with amazing service.I literally yelped for breakfast suggestions and this was one of the first ones that popped up. There was a two hour wait. The earlier you go - the better it is to find a spot. It was definitely worth the wait and hype because the food was good; a lil bland for my south asian taste buds but heyy that's what all the table condiments are for right?! We ordered a mushroom, onion, pepper savory crepe, Aebelskivers w/nutella, which were dense as hell. We also ordered stuffed french toast, latte and cappuccino. With gratuity it ended up costing us ~$32-$34. Not a bad deal for all that food. Customer service was also great.I ordered banana Nutella crepe and loved it a lot. My husband got some french toast with a lot of sprinkles and he didn't enjoy it too much. The serve was kind of slow but the staff were nice.This place is on a stinky, touristy, gross part of Decatur Street but GO ANYWAY!! Food was beautiful, so tasty, huge portion for the price! My favorite breakfast in Nola!This gem was much needed in the French quarter! Great food and amazing staff who was knowledgeable about everything. I literally want to eat the king cake French toast everyday! This is def going be a new fave! Can't wait to go back and try the avocado toast!We ate at the counter - the service was amazing, the food was delicious.  Try the pineapple mimosa!  Yum!!The food is exquisite, we went for breakfast.  The dishes are super large.  Very good attention.  The place is super nice and very well located. Super highly recommendedI wanted to like French Toast based on the reviews and pictures but they fell short of our expectations. My boyfriend and I stopped by for breakfast while staying in the French Quarter. There wasn't a wait at the bar so we grabbed two seats there. The wait staff could have definitely been better. We ordered the Coconut Cream Stuffed French Toast as well as the King Cake French Toast. Of the two I preferred the King Cake. 
Besides the food being mediocre and the lackluster service the most disappointing aspect of this visit was the feeling that they were trying to overcharge the customer whenever possible. When placing or orders the waitress followed up each order with "would you like that with eggs or bacon" implying they were served together which I noticed wasn't the case when we got the bill ($3.50x2). They also want to charge for syrup if you need any when taking leftovers.We walked in and the place was hoppin, we got seated and the staff was fantastic. After striking up a conversation with a few of the servers they had only been open for a week.  I've been in restaurants who have been open much longer, that didn't run as smoothly. We had the steak and eggs and the crepe florentine... They both had so much flavor it was incredible.Not only the place is cute and cozy but the food is amazing. Our waitress was so helpful explaining the menu and making sure everything was perfect. Prices were absolutely fair for the amount of food we got. Definitely recommend their lattes and their crepes.Checked in online and they said we were close so we drove here passed about 50 other restaurants. Got to the front to and told her we were checked in and she said "sorry sir that's not how this works it is going to be 25-30 minute wait" so we left and glad we did. Went to Envie a few blocks away and they have great food, great service and great atmosphere!!Phenomenal restaurant! All the dishes in our party were excellent! I loved the coconut creme french toast!After a disastrous breakfast at another restaurant,  I happened upon this place during an early mooring walk.  So glad I did.  I enjoyed the food and atmosphere so much that I ate breakfast here daily for the rest of my stay.  The Fried OysterToast was f'ing amazing! In fact everything I tried was amazing.  And don't forget to get a glass of the Brandy Milk Punch!Very disappointed in this place. Trekked a solid, sweat-able distance in the wonderful June muggy New Orleans weather. Perhaps we ordered the wrong thing, it's possible. Got the popular chicken and waffles.. chicken was 2.5/5, but the waffles were 0/5.. soggy, no taste.. just there. Perhaps go with the joints name and order French Toast.. Cheers.Great atmosphere, friendly staff and the food is always amazing! Today I had the catfish with grits and eggs, and it was absolutely delicious  The aebleskivers  are the perfect breakfast appetizer, while you wait for your meal. They are great with either of their many dipping choices or with a small dab of butterProbably the best lunch we had during our whole stay in Nola! Had the fried chicken and waffles and wife ordered the fried oysters with the corn maque choux. The dishes were incredible! Service could've been better but they were very busy and the food more than made up for it. Overall, highly recommend this spot!!!If you have a sweet tooth, order the king cake French toast.  Delicious but oh so sweet! You can't miss with the classic breakfast.  Eggs cooked to a perfect over easy.  And they have a unique spin on the chicken biscuit.   Arrived at 8:30 Saturday morning and was seated right away.  Got very busy very quickly.Don't overlook this little restaurant near the French Market. It's simply a gem! I came here because I heard the Aebelskivers (Dutch pancake balls) were good, and they truly did not disappoint. They are soft, fluffy and melt in your mouth. One dipping sauce is included. I highly recommend the lemon. It's not too sweet, and they even make the sauce in house! 
As far as the service, the staff was attentive and friendly. I got a table for 2 at about 9am on a weekday, and we had no problem being seated immediately. 
The restaurant itself is fairly small with a couple tables. Overall, the decor is clean and cute.Go, if you don't mind the wait. But, it's worth it. Not a very large establishment, but the food is worth it. Had the king cake French toast ( which was different but excellent, as the other reviews have stated, and the omelette (actually a crepe) Florentine. Excellent, excellent, excellent. Even the bacon (what can you do to bacon?) was excellent! Will definitely be back again!Have lived here for years and have tried them all... THIS IS THE BEST!!  Haven't had a bad dish yet and coffee is always so rich and fresh tasting.Totally worth the wait.  Awesome hostess and servers - great service and the food - hit all marks.  The catfish was perfectly friend and the savory crepe my wife had was on point.  Loved the ratatouille.Visited this place on a Thursday morning and had to wait 20 mins! It was packed with people! 
We went in a party of four, and ordered 5 dishes and got to tried all of fhem:) 
Prosciutto, ricotta & honey toast
Savory crepe
Banana nutella crepe
Coconut stuffed pineapple french toast
Omelette
They are all pretty good I like the toast best -- mainly because the serving size is reasonable and it's not too buttery or sweet like the other one
The interior is bright and clean with a high ceiling! Service is great, our server was very attentive!Such a cute little breakfast place in a sea of tourist traps! We loved the almond milk lattes (best I've ever had), fresh breakfast, service, and the overall experience. We will definitely be back.Went here from all the reviews! Best chicken I've had. I like the corn meal batter. The butter and maple syrup was deliciously amazing. The waffle now that could've been cooked longer it was still gooey however the chicken takes the cake here!Had the fried chicken on waffle. Fried chicken was pretty good, the butter they served was magical. However that's the only highlight of our meal there. The crepe and breakfasts biscuit were quite underwhelming. Add the just so so food to the fact that the service we received was almost non-existent, we left the place a bit unsatisfied.Good food.  Not too expensive.  It is a small place.  So at times there can be a wait for a table.Going to say that this review is for the food, not the fact that the waitress broke the screen protector on my phone when she accidentally smashed it with the water carafe. Otherwise, service was just ok.
I had the chicken and waffles, and it did not disappoint, originally I was going to get Crêpes, but at the last minute changed my mind due to the cayenne butter. It was really nice being able to amp up the flavour of the dish by using more decadent butter and cayenne. Most restaurants do not season food enough, so putting the guest in control was awesome. 
The potatoes were pretty awesome as well.We did not have a good experience with this place at all! Cold food no flavor we were also told the wait time was only 25 minutes but we waited for an hour and 10 minutes! Shame on us we should have moved on to some other place!The croquet Madame was delicious. Fabulous grits. The hanger steak had a funky flavor we couldn't eat. Irish coffee was delicious and potent!I absolutely can not believe how much I loved this restaurant. The food was incredible, I had the chicken and waffle breakfast. The cayenne butter was perfect with it! The staff was super warm and welcoming. I will definitely come back to enjoy breakfast here again.Meh. Slow service. Long line. Food is not as good as the other locations. Just not worth it.A must stop for your trip to NOLA. The king's cake french toast was ultimately the reason to stop- and it was worth every bite. A dish that is aesthetically pleasing + taste great is always amazing. Definitely recommend the yelp waitlist button, this place sees high volume and is a little small to accommodate that. Wasn't overly impressed with the service but overall this place was great.So...mixed review on this place. I'd give these 3.5 stars...
They seated us super fast with our reservation and the service was great!
Hubby got the King Cake French toast. This was simply incredible. The filling was amazing the the flavor was awesome. Lol, I wish I got this too, hehe. 
I got the "regular" French today with blueberries and strawberries. Overall, honestly, I was disappointed with it. My biggest complain is that the French toasts crusts were burnt and I absolutely hate that. So I was not a fan and I didn't even finish half of it because of that. For me, if they could keep the crust nice and soft, then it would be perfect. 
Why 4 stars instead of 3 you ask?
The. Grits. We're. Amazing!
Most places where you get grits...they are very bland. But here, I didn't have to doctor them up at all. Plenty of butter, salt and pepper :)
So overall, we will definitely be back...but I'll get one of the more fancy French toast next time.Very pleased with the food! The grits were perfect and the service was excellent.  Had a 45 minute wait but it was well worth itI have one word... Aebleskivers. 
If you are looking for a quaint place to enjoy breakfast, French Toast is the place for you!
We dined at this great little gem a few times for breakfast, and enjoyed it so much. I love the fact that it is not indigenous or typical to the area, but rather a unique and interesting find. In many ways, it reminds me of West Coast yumminess. It absolutely is worth going for breakfast.
Diners Tip- use the Yelp app for call ahead seating. It's a smaller restaurant, and they get busy pretty early in the morning.  We lucked out, and we were seated fairly quickly each time.
Each meal always included Aebleskivers.  If you've not ever tried them, it is like heaven to your taste buds. They are danish pancake balls that are traditionally served as a dessert. Remember, life can be short eat dessert first!
You have your choice of fillings-lemon curd, warm chocolate etc. you can order them in threes, or fives etc.
I highly recommend the lemon curd. It is the perfect taste sensation. They are brought to the table warm, and should be enjoyed immediately. They are pretty much hollow on the inside which allows you to easily open them up and add whatever your choice of filling maybe. Once you fill them, bite into that yummy goodness, and your life will be completely changed. I love the fact that while they are slightly sweet, they are not overly sugary, and it is the perfect treat to have with a good cup of coffee.
I absolutely loved my toast with the smoke salmon. It was rather odd to have it with a scrambled egg on top which is their recommendation, but I will tell you, it works. The smoked salmon is not overly salty, is a fairly generous portion, and the combination of all the flavors together make for a perfect harmony.
The crêpe that we ordered that was filled with the banana and the Nutella, was definitely way too sweet for me, and I preferred the savoriness of my salmon toast.  
This definitely is the perfect place for breakfast when you are burnt out by the heaviness of the local fried treats, and you are looking for something completely unique and wonderful. I highly recommend the salmon on the toast! The entire menu sounds incredible, and I look forward to going back and trying other dishes. They do offer other dishes that are savory, in addition to some of the sweeter sounding counterparts. This is definitely a place worth checking out!! 
Don't forget the aebleskivers !!!Really good food! I got the chocolate strawberry crepe and my husband got the King Cake. We split an order of the aebleskiver with caramel sauce. Very good!These crepes are the best I've ever had! We loved the atmosphere and how it was located next tot he French Market. I definitely recommend this place and we will be coming back.Four of us waited about 20-25 min for a table. The place is small. 
I had a crepe with mushrooms, spinach, peppers, onions and chèvre. It came with a side salad and I ordered a biscuit in the side. The crepe was big and full of cheesy goodness. I was impressed by the flavors. The biscuit did not impress me. I expected a flaky  hometown biscuit, but the texture was off. 
Staff was efficient and I love that you get a carafe if water instead of having to wait till someone refills your waterThis place is amazing! It is rare to go to a place with a small menu and want to try everything. The bread is to die for and everything we tried (we came here everyday of our trip) was amazing. I cant wait to come back again.I never write reviews, but our breakfast was so good, I had to. We ordered the chicken and waffles, bacon, onion, cheese crepe, avocado and egg toast, and the puffed pancakes. Everything came out amazing, beyond delicious. Honestly the best fried chicken I have ever had, anywhere. We waited about an hour to get a table but it was WORTH IT. Best breakfast in the city!!!I had the steak and eggs and tried the king cake french toast with a bloody mary.... all were amazing. Service was also really great too.Delicious food!!
Service was great, our server was very personable and attentive, even on her first day. 
The crepes are wonderful and well put together, portions are shareable.  The fried chicken sandwich was juicy and flavorful with a melt in your mouth biscuit.  The Mardi Gras French toast was....let's just say definitely worth trying, it's sweet, moist and delicious!A nice place to stop for breakfast.  We stayed at the  Hotel Provincial just behind the restaurant in the French Quarter.  We ate at French Toast twice. The service was good and also quick.  The food was also good, although not necessarily spectacular.  The first time we went, 
I ordered an omelet with ham, mushrooms and gruyere cheese.  The mushrooms were nice seasoned and the gruyere was nice.  The ham though would have been better if sauteed first.  It was similar to flavorless lunchmeat.  The second time we went, I got a crepe with  prosciutto, spinach, and cheese.  Quite good but slightly dry.  I didn't appreciate the fact that they charged me a dollar for a very small piece of toast.  Also ordered a side of grits, which were very good.  Price-wise, I thought they were a bit overpriced.  The menu was pretty small and the restaurant was small and somewhat cramped.  Overall though a good  place to stop for breakfast if you're staying in the area.The food was not as good as advertised.  The service was great, and the location seems a good one.  However, considering the price, one may be better of searching a bit more for other French Breakfast places.  Good place for hangover cure or a little breakfast partying, for sure.One of the best brunch experiences I've had period. This place is fantastic nestled away in the French quarter with lots of great shops and attractions within walking distance, it's a great place to start your morning.
They are very busy so I highly suggest you get on the waiting list! 
The food here is amazing. The waitress recommended aebelskivers, something she described as "donut balls" with their house made Carmel sauce. This was one of the best things I've ever eaten! Although everything else was amazing on the menu, this stole the show! The crepes and French toast were also very good (they make the brioche in house).
They also have a great drink menu and are very helpful with suggestions. 
A perfect place to have brunch, not to be missed.Service was great and the comfort breakfast food was fantastic.
Love the option of boozy coffee.Randomly found, in the morning while searching for a place to eat with the gf. Checked in on Yelp, which helps save some time. Ate at the bar, right in front of the kitchen which helps you decide and our waitress was more than helpful. We had the fried oyster toast (perfectly made) and the coconut French toast. Both was recommended by the waitress and other patrons around us.  My gf was hesitant to order the coconut French toast thinking it was going to be a pina colada. I ordered it anyway (who says no to coconut), which was perfect with a soft filling and a twist of lemon curd.We went there just a few days ago. We were on the waitlist through Yelp and when we got there the host told us that we could not wait inside and we had to go outside and wait  I don't think I have ever been told to go outside and wait...
Then once we got a table, it took pretty long before we were even asked what we'd like to drink. On top of that, the AC was blowing a lot of cold air, so it was freezing inside.
Once we got the food, it was alright, but the French toast was cut in pretty big pieces, so it was a lot and pretty heavy on the stomach. The waitress was nice and making sure when we ordered the food was made our preferred way.
Overall, it's an okay restaurant, but the service can definitely be improved.We had initially decided to try Cafe Du Monde but after learning that the only thing avail was beignets and coffee, we looked for another place. We tried French Toast since was nearby and had terrific reviews. The wait was 35 minutes but well worth it. I really enjoyed their latte and ham/cheese omelet. 
I will be returning tomorrow morning before leaving the city.Made another visit to French Toast today. Sadly, it was not the same. Crepes and puffs were thick and doughy. However the staff was as pleasant as ever.Very disappointed. My friend suggested we meet here and everything went wrong. I ordered a crepe and received an omelette with ham. I detest ham. But they didn't offer to fix it or remove it from the bill. So I didn't eat that.
The Lyonnaise potatoes were okay - but barely warm.
So I had a few bites of potato and orange juice.Plan and simple not a fan! The chicken was horrible they need to actual fry the chicken. The syrup was nasty on my waffle.Our favorite SPOT for breakfast in the Quarters. Service is ok. And not so dirty being in quarters.  Food is delicious! Even tho the omelettes aren't made with real cracked eggs. When asked twice in several occasions they lie and say yes but clearly when you've seen real egg omelets several other places compared to theirs, it's carton eggs. The French toast are Devine!Favoritte meal in New Orleans so far. Excellent  menu choices, delicious food, friendly staff. Great sunny ambiance, not too touristy. Highly recommend the lemon crepes with blueberries!To start off we ordered madam crocket i think is called it was amazing is also very big so have that in mind we also ordered these little round pancakes that are amazing really good and we had an omelette is a good size but nothing out of this world I really liked the service very attentive we will definitely come back also really good prices not too expensive our whole bill was $50This place was awesome. The food was amazing and the service was great. I had the coconut cream stuffed French Toast and my wife had the chicken and waffles and both were very well prepared. After i finished mine, i had some of hers.I'm from Dallas, Tx and this was the First time coming to Nola and I came here. I got the fried chicken biscuit and man I freaking love that plate. The chicken was soooooo seasoned and honestly so mouth watering that I probably cried eating it. My boyfriend got some French toast that went perfect with my meal because obvi I had to get some of his too. It was great and I loved it! The orange juice hit the spot too. Can't wait to come back!Had breakfast there and the atmosphere was awesome as well as the food. We had chicken and waffles, French toast, potatoes and breakfast sandwich. Very on point. Only thing we would change is clean the silverware box that is on the table. It was a little dirty where you keep clean silverware. Besides that courteous staff and fresh food!Breakfast is our favorite meal of the day in New Orleans, and now we've found our favorite restaurant. Warm service and delicious food make for a terrific start to our day in our favorite get-away city! I ordered the gruyere, bacon and spinach omelette with a side salad. Fabulous! The second day I tried their classic breakfast with scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuit and creamy grits. Everything was good but the grits were some of the best I've ever had. So creamy good!! We also tried the aebelskivers and the king cake French toast. The aebelskivers were VERY good, but the French toast?? Omg!! So good! There were 4 of us and we split it as our dessert on our 2nd day. In our party of 4, everyone loved this place. I highly recommend Toast!Their French toast is completely inedible.  It was so dry it just crumbled apart. Berries were mushy. Disappointing. Rude waitress as well. Bacon was good though!This restaurant is so good, of you go get the coconut/ pineapple French toast, aebleskiver ( sauce: Lemon Curd and Nutella) , fried chicken and waffles, and the crepes . Beat Breakfast ever!!Nice little dinner with GREAT food and good service especially for how busy it was.  I had the chicken and waffles with cayenne butter....really well done!  I also ordered an almond milk latte' and it was amazing.  If you are looking for a casual diner to feast in this is your spot!Food was great with plenty of it. Our original waitress seemed to have an attitude but another took over and was outstanding. Will come back!An island of quality in a sea of tourist traps. The chicken and waffles was great, as was the service. Highly recommended!I asked the lady at the front desk of our hotel about a great Bloody Mary in town, she recommended French Toast! I have been here so many times and always wanted to try different bloody Mary's when I come to visit! Obviously it's my favorite drink, haha. French toast definitely didn't disappoint! Their waffle sandwich is so tasty as well!Underwhelming. We used the app to wait in line. When I got there for check in the hostess didn't even acknowledge we were there. A few select people were graced with her hospitality, the rest of us were ignored. Thankfully I checked in without notifying her. We waited 20 minutes and got the text our "table" (aka bar area for parties of two) I went in and said I wasn't called but I got a text, the hostess/waitress says "well I only hold it for five minutes." I told her my name and she very Indifferently, well I don't see your name. A patron, then says, was your last name D*****? I said yes! I guess she called my name indoors and not outside. So what I gathered is she could care less if you were there or not as every person who came in she said "I will only hold for five minutes, after five minutes I move on, I can't wait" and repeatedly said it. Like ok lady, I get it. Whatever, at this point I just wanted to eat. The only person who was friendly was the girl making the drinks. The cooks were in the weeds and it took ONE hour to make two orders of eggs, bacon and a biscuit. Listen, we understand people get busy, but from the moment we got there we weren't made welcome, indifference runs rampant. But the worst part after an hour is the food was just "meh". Needless to say we won't be back and we come to Nola four times a year. I mean it is what it is, but we won't be going back to a place that doesn't care much about being personable. It's not being overly nice, I don't need that, but a little kindness goes a long way.What a fantastic breakfast! I had the special-Eggs Benedict on sourdough and it was very good. Husband had chicken and waffles-perfection. Good coffee, good service, cute and clean. Called ahead and didn't have to wait. We will definitely be back.Really lovely place, although when we arrived it was busy, so it was a bit cramped. But despite that, the service was nice and the food was really delicious.
I reccommend the chocolate & strawberry crepes, and OF COURSE their French Toast. Probably the best french toast I've had in my life~~Food 10/10
Service 6/10
Crepes 10/10
Coffee 10/10
Chicken 9/10
Potatoes 10/10
Ha. Hope this makes sense.This was on of the best places to eat breakfast in New Orleans.....it was way better than Ruby Slipper Cafe. Food was delicious, we were a group of 5 and all of us loved our food. And the service was great!Very excited to try the food at the location by French Market. Usually the story changes once you try the food. I was impressed with the food quality as well as service. The best service I received in a restaurant in a long time, cant say enough about the staff. The food was just as good. French toast was amazing, avocado toast first class...... even the toast was served with home made strawberry jam. I can go on and on. I will end with - I will be back.Horrible wait time. We were told it was 8-10 minutes and we waited 45 minutes. Had to wait in  93 degree weather and no water was offered. I am never coming here again. HORRIBLE service.The food was awesome! There were 8 of us so we all had something different. You cannot go wrong with the French toast, crepes or waffles. Very clean and very nice staff. Food did not take long to come out. Perfect place across from the French market.Wait times are god awful. Waited over an hour to be seated at the bar with 3 people. Would tell you about the food if I could taste anything but disappointment right now.
Update: got seated, got a chipped water glass. Not goin well so far
Update 2: Food was pretty good, reasonably priced.Found this place in yelp and decided to make a trip there for brunch. The waitlist process was easy and the customer service was nice too. The aesthetic was very cute and comfy, while the food looked appetizing as well. The problem is it looked a bit more delicIous than it tasted. I ordered the chicken and waffles- actually pretty good btw- and my friend ordered the bacon omelette with toast and fruit. She did not enjoy the omelette so she sent it back and opted for the chicken biscuit which she said was alright (mostly the biscuit). We both ordered the lyonnaise potatoes that had no flavor at all so ketchup was it's saving grace ...they were a true catfish because they looked so good, but looks only go so far when you're hungry. Anyways, my friend sent the omelette back meaning it was taken off the list, but the toast and fruit were added separately which I felt was a little weird because if you're going to take the meal off, then take the whole meal off even if she took a couple bites but that's just my opinion. Overall, I feel like this is a great spot if you absolutely love French toast because they have a lot of creative dishes but for me (someone who doesn't) I wouldn't come here again on my dime.First official breakfast spot in New Orleans.  Please get the Fried Oyster Toast it is Amazing!  It's not too early for fried oysters anytime of the day.  We also got the Fried Chicken and waffles and the Abelskivers with Lemon Curd which were both on point!Visited this place last week. My boyfriend and I loved it- great food and service. We especially enjoyed the King Cake French Toast, it was delicious!I had the catfish/grits/potatoes - Man O Man it was delicious!!! My friend had the  Kingcake frenchtoast - She loved it... Please visit this place for a GREAT BREAKFASTI got the chicken & waffles, and it was delicious!  The pomegranate spritz was ok, & the service was poor, but the chicken & waffles was so good it made up for everything else!  The maple syrup & cajun butter compliment it quite well & the chicken was fresh right out of the fryerLocation; super cute place in the French Quarter, super clean!!  Check in / or add to wait list immediately, long wait but so worth it.
Menu; I tried the "King Cake French Toast", this was so delicious a must order. It's massive I would recommend sharing. This dish was crisp on the outside but filled with an amazing creamy inside.  So delicious!  If you are going to include a Mimosa, make it a double! 
Service;  Our server Michelle was friendly, quick and speedy service.French Toast was not a planned destination. We were wandering in the morning looking to kill some time, stumbled upon French Toast and joined the wait list. It gets busy, but our wait was only 20 minutes. It is a small but pretty cool low key space.
The mimosas are on point. I enjoyed cranberry and my husband had the pineapple. My chicken biscuit breakfast sandwich was exactly what I needed and not over portioned. The special looked pretty good as well.
Can't wait to go back and maybe try some French Toast.So good! Homemade everything... delicious French toast, so rich but fluffy and so good. I had the spinach bacon and gruyere omelette. Probably the best omelet I've eaten out. Great service too!Amazing food on the French quarter. Stopped in for breakfast and everything we had was awesome. I had the chicken and waffles. Chicken was cooked perfectly and had some heat to it. It paired great with the waffles. I was jealous of my wife's breakfast. She orders the egg and bacon biscuit with a side of grits. The grits were the best I have ever had. Most of the time they are bland but these were extraordinary. I would definitely try them if you stop in. The wait was 45 minutes and the service was good. Overall a great breakfast and I will be back.Absolutely fantastic from the omelette with side salad to berry French toast!  This is our first breakfast in New Orleans and I'm not sure I want to try anywhere else.Amazing!!! Worth the wait for this tiny amazing place. Everything we had at the table everyone loved. Make this a priority during your stay in New Orleans.I had hoped to be one of the early visitors to this new French Quarter outlet of the well-established Toast restaurants (branded "French Toast"), but the secret was long out by the time I got there, with crowds filling all the available tables and bar seats even on a Monday morning with mediocre weather. The staff talked amongst themselves with some gravity about how busy it gets on weekends, and I don't know that I'd want to chance the line.
But let's say you get a table. This location has much of the same food as the other locations, but its menu is notable for some rather splendiferous French Toast options. I ordered the one with coconut cream and bruleed pineapple, though I must say the real highlight was the candied macadamia nuts. Other imposing breakfast dishes whizzed by me, but the various French Toasts stood out.
The dining area is pretty small, but it's a nice location in the heart of the Quarter. As with their other locations, if you're trying for something egg- and dairy-free, this probably isn't your place (check my reviews for alternatives). It's a small menu, but if you're interested in sweet indulgence, visitors to the area would do well to try this over some of its more famous neighbors.Visiting from Seattle! Found this place on Yelp & it was amazing!!!! We wanted to avoid chain places like the ruby slipper that EVERYONE recommended. This place was WAY BETTER!!!!! Go!!!!!!Very yummy fresh made bread topped with well seasoned and fresh ingredients. My group ordered fried cat fish, ratatouille  toast, and pancake puffs with lemon curd. Would highly recommend!I had the chicken and waffles. The waffle was fine, but how hard is it to cook a waffle? The chicken was bland. Why do people like this place?My first trip I had the Avocado Toast and it was great! Second trip I had the King Cake French toast (eh ok) and my husband had the Lemon Curd and Cream Crepes (amazing!). Definitely worth a stop if you're in need of breakfast.Cute restaurant near the french market. All Covid19 guidelines were enforced, mask signs up, and even an employee at entrance
I already knew what we were going to order!
We ordered the king cake stuffed french toast, chicken and waffles, and bacon
It was amazing and so delicious!! Everything was cooked perfectly and presented well. Staff were so helpful, friendly and service oriented
Will definitely be back and recommend to othersShelly was an amazing server who took time to explain the menu/ingredients to us, but the entire staff was super helpful and friendly! I managed to finish most of my food, because it was DELICIOUS, but the French toast legitimately was huge and filling. Love ratatouille, and what better place to have some than the French Quarter? Definitely recommend dipping the French toast into the local syrup, because the bread is very soft and pillowy; I can imagine it'd get too mushy by absorbing it too quickly if covered in the syrup. It also was naturally sweet, so didn't need much. Come try this place!!We tried this place based on Yelp, and we had to go back a second time, it was so good! The french toast was thick but the bread was light in texture. The King Cake French toast is a must! So are the "toast" options- their version of eggs Benedict.
We will definitely go there again!A favorite place to go for brunch. Staff is super friendly and food is well priced and always delicious! Highly recommend the Salmon Toast, Bacon Onion & Cheese crepe, and alllll the fluffy Abelskivers. Can get quite busy on the weekends but that's because it's worth the wait.Waste of time. Made an online reservation that said 15 to 30 minutes. Well over an hour later we were not seated. Customer service was horrible. I will never returnThe fried chicken and waffles was really good. I liked that the chicken was not all just chicken breast meat. And the waffles with the cayenne butter and maple syrup is a real winning combination.The food is AMAZING and service and staff were on their game.  Great place to start your day.Had this place actually on my list of possible places to eat when we visited New Orleans in December. We were walking down Decatur Street just to go to the market and looked over and lo and behold there it was! We walked over and got in line, had about an approximate 30 minute wait, not bad at all really. The truth is after eating this amazing breakfast I would have waited for an hour. I ordered the King Cake French toast and OH my goodness, probably one of the most delicious French toast recipes that I have ever eaten in my life. Small cozy atmosphere, excellent service. You definitely have to try it out.Lemon curd was to die for.  I need to replicate that at home sometime.  Highly recommended.Came and had the catfish and subbed the eggs for potatoes, best decision ever. The potatoes was wonderful! The fish was wonderful! Also tried The French Toast, it was okay but I don't have to have it again as it was dry to me. My husband had the basic breakfast which he enjoyed but the biscuits weren't moist. They remade the biscuits for him and a friend and they were better. Our friends had the King Cake and French Toast! Which the consensus was the same regarding the regular French Toast, but the King Cake French Toast was good just hate that the bacon was overcooked. Overall great place and we'd return in the future.Came here twice during our stay in the French Quarter. Just a block away from Hotel Provincial where we stayed, it was very convenient. 
Service was great. Food was excellent!  
We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated the first visit.....around 10am. Walked in and were seated immediately on second visit at 9am. 
We had the chicken on biscuit, French toast, chicken on waffles, Bacon Onion and Cheese Crepe, and Bacon Mushroom and Sunny Egg. 
All delicious!Went here on on a Wednesday, and was kinda thrown off that the hostess offered us a seat that was literally inches away from another couple . Like when I say inches it would've been as if we came there to eat with this couple that's how uncomfortably close it would've been . I ordered The French toast with berries . To say the name of the place is French Toast I expected better . It was okay but not something I'd want again. The place is cute a little cramped but cute .Serve a wonderful breakfast with the best  bottomless cups of fresh coffee by extremely friendly staff.Great breakfast. Excellent and HUGE latte, classic breakfast was great, grits excellent. Very good prices. Great service. Just come before the word gets out!Avocado toast is soooo good! Crepes are big enough to share. Definitely a must place to brunch when in NOLA. It is also BYOB.Loved using the app to be on wait list.  food is overall tasty.   Great biscuits.   Crepes were good.   Salmon good but little saltier than I am used to.  Adding tomato would have helped with salt taste.    Very slow for us.  brought people food , at table next to us who had gotten here 15 minutes after us.   Also brought one of our party's food before the rest of tables food.   Overall ok.French Toast, Gruyere & herbs with egg crepe, omelette and Aebelskivers! All deelish! Friendly staff. Well worth the wait!  Will be back!