I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Loved the Brussels sprouts.  The Parline Milkshake was great.  Love the creativity with shakes, fun but more importantly delish!!  Ribs fall off the bone tender and tasty.  We will be back. ....had 4 stars, but my husband said it was well worth 5 stars.Went to Frey's tonight for my husband's birthday & what a great addition to the neighborhood! I loved that I could get fried chicken & ribs on a 2-meat plate. The fried chicken was cooked to order (as it should be) & was juicy with a very good, crunchy crust. We both had ribs & they were fallin off the bone - good. The brisket chili & soft as a cloud biscuits with honey butter was also very good. They have 4 different kinds of mac'n'cheese & we ordered one but had to bring it home because we were so full. I had the spicy, braised cabbage & liked it, but the brussel sprouts were amazing. They had an excellent caramelization with a light, lime juice dressing that cut right through the bitterness of the sprouts. 
I think it was our server's first waiter job, but that was ok. The manager made the rounds of the tables & was very friendly.
I took off one point because it was SOOOO loud, but then we realized it was the final hour of happy hour & they were in the back room & we ate in the bar, so the noise didn't really affect us too much. We will definitely go back!
In a serendipitous moment, in 1975 I recorded a jingle for Frey hot dogs at SeaSaint Studios. It was my first, paid studio job. I asked the manager if it was the same family, & it is! Fun memory for me, but that jingle is now on permanent replay in my brain.Tried Frey on opening weekend and excited about this new BBQ joint!  
First impression of the restaurant/patio/decore was A++.  Loved the barn door to the kitchen, the intricate details of the design, and the rustic bar!  All the doors were open to the patio, the football games were on, and I was ready to enter meat heaven.
First course - the biscuits. OMG. They were hot, fluffy, and tasty. 
Main course - We had the brisket, pulled pork for our meats and the pulled pork mac 'n cheese for a side.  We enjoyed the pulled pork a little more than the brisket which was a little too fatty for me.  I probably should have ordered the ribs as that what they're known for (from Hogs for the Cause experience).  The Mac 'n cheese came out in a miniature cast iron skillet and was very good.  Would love to try the 3 other varieties they have.
My one regret is that I'm on a wedding diet (hard to believe from what I just said I ordered lol) and didn't get a shake.  Saw some pictures though and WOW.  Might be worth a stop by just to try their incredible-looking Cookie Monster shake.  Will update my review soon (after the wedding ;)
Service was ok. It was their 3rd day of being open so I'll give them a little benefit of the doubt on this one.  Took way too long to get our check and had to ask for honey several times. But probably to be expected.Everything was outstanding. Ribs, brisket, slaw, beans, and smoked chicken salad. Tucked away off the corner of Carrollton and Bienville, but worth seeking it out.Good BBQ. Will be back after it got a year under its belt to try it again. Wings were good. BBQ sauces need some work.Brand new place in mid city. The food was excellent and the wait staff was super friendly. We had the mac and cheese with bacon and pepper jack cheese...AMAZING. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and so flavorful. We also had the brisket which was melt in your mouth tender. All in all a great experiencewith one little hitch... On the down side they have only been in business less than two weeks and they still have a few kinks to work out. They ran out of some of the smoked meats and we visited at 230 in the afternoon. Other than that I totally encourage people to stop by and check them out. I can't wait to return.Frey is very disappointing. Portion sizes are SMALL, especially they mac and cheese for $6 and a menu note "please allow extra time to prepare". I was really expecting something special but this really fell flat on flavor and it barely filled the cup it was served in. It was a smaller portion then the $3 sides we got!
Overall we weren't happy with our meal. We got takeout service, each getting the one meat platter. Well when we got home and tried the pulled pork all you could taste was burnt. Not smoky, but BURNT. The pork was really bad, it tasted as if it had been pulled hours or even days ago covered in sauce and left to simmer, dried out, scalding the bottom of the pot. The sides left a lot to be desired both on portion size and flavor. Also was surprised that the platters didn't come with a small roll or a slice of bread. The brisket was tender but just average flavor. The sauces were okay. The shakes were just okay. I would've complained to a manager but we did takeout. I won't be back anytime soon.
I would rather go 3 minutes in either direction on Carrollton to Blue Oak on N. Carrollton or South to LA Smokehouse.We ordered the two meat plate with brisket and smoked chicken with sides of Brussels sprouts and baked beans. The sides and the food were delicious! Their original barbecue sauce is amazing. Additionally, the service was great and very accommodating. Even though we came in close to closing time we were not at all rushed. It was overall a great dining experience.Attempted to place a to go order at 6:10pm on a Sunday and earlier this week and they were out of 1/3 of the items they sell. They have been consistently short on supply lately. Frustrating.
Read below though. When they have all of their selections, they are the best around.Slow service. Food not so good. Asked for a well done burger, came out medium. The pull pork, very greasy, BLT had a thin slice tomato, had to ask for more, the bacon was suppose to be smoked, but, no smoked taste on the bacon. Will not go back againLoved everything about this restaurant. Perfect location with easy parking.  Great food, great service and comfortable atmosphere. Everyone was friendly from beginning to end.  Everyone in our group loved their dinner. Highly recommend the pulled pork burger and for those who love a gourmet shake save room they are amazing.Frey's is a great addition of authentic new BBQ restaurants recently opening in New Orleans, of what I call Texas style BBQ.  Years ago you had to go west of Houston to find BBQ this good.  My favorite was the Iron Works in Austin. 
This great style of BBQ was not to be found in New Orleans until the The Joint in the Marigny became of age.  Well now you can get good BBQ right here in Mid-City. 
I always judge authentic BBQ by the benchmark of brisket. Their brisket was moist and spot on, being very tender, but with a good bite. It was tasty with  a good smoke ring and some burnt ends. Their pulled pork was just as good with good smoke flavor. My plate included Pork belly which I don't have a lot of experience with so I am not rating it. My sides included potato salad and Brussels Sprouts which very good. 
They have a full bar with an extensive premium bourbon collection.I wanted to like this place so badly. Unfortunately it is the worst barbeque restaurant I've ever eaten at and I can't imagine that it will stay open very long if the menu doesn't get revamped soon. The brisket, while tender, had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. It had to be drowned in sauce to be palatable. The potato salad was bland and wet, so bad that if someone brought it to a family barbeque as a side, only the flies would enjoy it. We also had the baked beans which were not good. The only menu item that kept me from giving them a 1-star review was the biscuits, which were good, very heavy, and served with honey butter. The location of this spot is really nice and the service was okay but the food was not congruent to the greatness that is the New Orleans dining scene. If you want good barbeque, you're better off going elsewhere.Everything we had was delicious. The pork belly poppers were probably our favorite, and a close second was the grilled cabbage side. We ordered the St. Louis rib platter and the brisket platter and the meat very good and tender. My dad, who is very picky and cooks his own bbq even enjoyed it so it must be great! Only negative thing to say was the decor in the restaurant made it seem like you should be in the suburbs somewhere- there was a definitely lack on New Orleans art on the walls. But would recommend it to anyone, certainly the best barbecue I've had in New Orleans!I have been here 3 times and twice has been for their 'on steroids milk shakes'. I love the fact that this location has an actual parking lot. It has outdoor dinning as well. They have very good service as well. 
I recommend the milk shakes, of course, but be warned the the cakes that are the side of the glass are mainly for decor imo and not to be eaten. To put it nice, they should stick to bbq and not baking cakes. We got the cookie monster one and the cup cake was flavorless but all the yummy cookie crumbles and icing on the rim of the glass was FANTASTIC as is the thick, creamy shake itself. The strawberry shake has amazing icing and cream on the side of the glass, but the short cake is something left to be desired. I have had their king cake shake during Mardi Gras Season and it was actually a very good king cake, very cinnamony and moist - I would order a full king cake if they sold it.  All of the shakes themselves are fabulous but they need to keep the crazy cake toppings bc it is almost a unintentional gimmick that gets people talking about Frey. And of course when everyone in the restaurant sees your obnoxious shake, they all order one, too. 
As for the BBQ, best pork belly!! It's like candy, i dream about it. It is so good! I also enjoyed the pulled pork. I ordered the over sized biscuits but had to return them, twice because they were undercooked both times. The parts that were cooked, was really great though.Really really good meats. If you're craving a down home burger with a gourmet feel this place has it. This place has the suburban feel in Mid City. Waitstaff was wonderful and came around just when was needed.Yummy! Highly recommend the Alabama sauced wings and pork belly poppers. Seems like they are getting their groove with service, we had multiple people check on us. The set up with indoor/outdoor seating is a nice option.Came for dinner last night and left pretty disappointed.  The food was decent.  Not the best BBQ I've ever had but it wasn't bad.  The brisket and pulled pork we're a little on the dry side but still flavorful and the sauces were all great.  The best thing I had was the fried pork belly.  I could eat that all day.  We finished with a shake and it was as over the top as we had hoped.
The service, however, was atrocious.  The waitress strangely assumed the appetizer was intended to come with the meal so we got everything at once.  Once she took our order we rarely saw her again.  When we paid we took our check to the bar so we could pay.
I'm not sure if I will go back here.  There's better BBQ, beer and service elsewhere.Well not impressed. I had to Google my beer selection because had no clue what any of them were. Ordered brisket child cheese fries I got that before I got my beer. Two bites in the appetizer my burger came out (yes the appetizer was cold).
My cold appetizer was better then the burger. 
My waitress most new she very lacking across the board.
Honestly, I would not recommend it if you are craving some serious BBQPork belly poppers were bomb. I just came for the poppers. I'll have to return for the rest of the menu. The service was great too.We had to check out the new BBQ place opening in mid-city, especially by the Owners of Rue 127 and let me tell you it did not disappoint! It's a great little spot with fantastic woodwork! 
We started with the Brussels Sprouts, Gumbo, and the Pepperjack & Bacon Mac-n-chz. The gumbo was absolutely fantastic, the Brussel Sprouts were light and crunchy with a hint of lemon, and the Mac-n-chz.. well just do yourself a favor and be bad and get it because it's totally worth it! 
We then wrapped up with a 3 meat plate to try the pork ribs, fried chicken, and brisket with potato salad and coleslaw sides. The rib meat fell off the bone on the first bite, had great flavor, and was probably my favorite item. My boyfriend loved the fried chicken and said it was one of the best he had ever had and the brisket was a nice thick tender cut. 
For drinks... I fell in love with the Smokin' Shandy and my boyfriend got a flight of Rye Whiskey that he throughly enjoyed! 
Overall A+ for opening night! Everything was affordable, tasted great, and our bartender did an a wonderful job recommending things. 
Anyways check it out and see for yourself!The buffalo chicken wings are the best I've ever had. The wings must be smoked and the buffalo sauce has the right amount of heat. The chargrilled Brussel sprouts are amazing! I totally was not expecting them to be that delicious. The St. Louis pork ribs were fall off the bone tender and the brisket was so tender! I can see why Frey's has won so many awards. If you're on the all meat/keto diet they have plates of just meat. I broke my all meat diet to have the brussel sprouts and it was completely worth it. I didn't have room to order a shake but they look super yummy. My daughter had the Mac and cheese burger; she loved it. The corn bread side that my son ordered was served with a sweet butter that complemented the corn bread perfectly. The pork belly my husband had was tender and not fatty, flavorful. My other son enjoyed the pulled pork; very tender and delicious. Our waiter, Cody, was super nice. Lots of families were there and everyone looked like they were enjoying their meals. Our table was very clean too. It's great that each table has a roll of paper towels- you'll need it! I recommend this BBQ place to anyone be who loves BBQ.This place looked promising, but they have an issue having food in stock. At a smoked meat restaurant, I obviously ask for beef ribs and the bartender said they were out, and offered alternatives, which included the St Louis ribs, so I ordered those. Texas toast sounded good for a side, so I went for that and was told they were out of that. That's literally bread. I ordered fries and baked beans, although a bit disappointed. 20 minutes later, the bartender came back and told me they were out of St Louis ribs and explained that they've had issues having food throughout the night. I paid for my beer and left. They probably have good food, and hopefully they'll fix their issue with supply at some point.Amazing food and atmosphere! The chili is great. Brisket sandwich and chicken sandwich were the best I've ever had. Wait staff is friendly--overall great experience.Asked for extra crispy fries & had her repeat the order. The fries were as limp as a wet dish rag.Not a great start. Called in a to-go order and was told it would be 15min. It took me 10 min to get here and I've been waiting for 30. The very quiet and timid hostess said 10 more minutes. Restaurant is not that crowded.Just found this place while returning to my car after grocery shopping. I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at one of the empty tables in the bar area where I was the only person ordering food. Next time will choose the dining room which has a visually "warmer" feel to it and less emphasis on large TV screens broadcasting football, Service was friendly and quite quick.
I've been a fan of barbecue since living in the mountains of North Carolina, and seek out the best places wherever I happen to be living. While there are good barbecue places in NOLA, my objective was to find an equally good place in my own neighborhood .... and this is it.
I ordered the pulled pork platter with brussels sprouts and potato salad as sides. The serving of pulled pork was generous, tender and extremely flavorful. The sprouts are one of my favorite vegetables so I was curious to see how Frey would prepare them - roasted to perfection! Potato salad is one of those signature sides that can tell a lot about the care given to even the "minor" items on a menu. Frey serves theirs as quartered small potatoes in a mayo sauce .... while not my favorite, it's considerably better than the over-mayo'd mush served in so many places.
Given the family culinary history of the chefs at Frey, I believe they'll continue to attract new customers- but would suggest that of the three young managers sitting at the bar, talking to each other and watching football, a simple stop by my table to ask "How was the meal? Hope you visit us again" would have signified an interest in customer satisfaction and repeat visits ... important for a new place.I had heard great things about this place so I gathered up 15 of my friends to come here on Sunday Jan 29 to find out you were completely out of cheddar cheese and many other main items on the menu. Extremely disappointed.This was basic food for high cost. The burger was nothing special and cooked well done with no options. The wings were terrible. They were a good size but prepared poorly which was surprising being that meat is supposed to be their specialty. We even got their mac and cheese and was disappointed because it was merely jalapeno flavored with no actual jalapenos. Overall it was just an ok experience with an annoying disappointment that we over paid for the quality we received.We ate here about 5 months ago and everyone in our group (8) enjoyed it.  Today was a different story!  My husband wanted brisket and I wanted fried chicken.  We were really looking forward to our visit.  Very disappointing.  My fried chicken platter arrived.  The waiter said it was 4 pieces mixed.  I specifically asked if that included a breast.  I got a thigh, a leg and 2 wings.  I called him over and asked about the missing breast.  Had to ask about our mac and cheese which was obviously forgotten since it took 10 minutes after the reminder to get it.  He came back and stated, they can make you a breast but it will take at least 20 minutes.  And just stood there.  I finally said that will be fine, I'll just take it to go.  Customer service is seriously lacking.  My husband was very disappointed, said this is the second worse brisket he has ever had, dry and crunchy.  Sadly, we won't be back......We came for dessert only. I shared the Cookie Monster milkshake - the cookie was sweet and chewy, the cupcake was cute but dry, and the milkshake was average. I don't want to know how many Oreos went into making it, but the milkshake could probably be shared by at least three people. The milkshakes are $10 - not sure if it was worth the price, but it was worth the experience of feeling like a kid allowed to have all the sugar in the world with no one to stop you. I probably wouldn't ever order it again, but it was fun to try once.My husband and I have been to Frey quite a few times, as it is a bbq place within walking distance of our place. The food is good, not great, in my opinion. I've had the brisket a couple times. It is probably  my favorite menu item. I've often wanted the smoked chicken, but they seem to run out a lot. My husband loves their fried hot chicken sandwich. He gets it almost every time. My biggest complaint with Frey is the wait time for food. In the times we've been (maybe 6-7 times) the food never came out in a timely manner...especially for a bbq joint. Most items are already prepared...no reason for a 45 minutes wait for food. They've also forgotten my husband's food before (while eating at the bar...ended up just getting it to go). We continue to go, as my husband cannot get enough of that sandwich, but it would be nice to see service moving a little more smoothly.First, it is in a strip mall. Red flag number one. Not an old school strip mall that holds diamond in the rough mom and pop shops, one of those new ones where rent is high, and quality is low.
Save your money. Go to one of the other several dozen smokehouses in New Orleans. This one is terrible. 
I was a party of one and they didn't like that. I watched 3 parties of 2 that came in after me get seated before me. They only sat me when I asked what the wait was about. 
The food is bad. The smoked chicken was ok, not great. The bbq sauces all taste like straight vinegar. All of the other food sucked. I paid $22 for smoked chicken, a tiny side of mac and cheese, spicy grilled cabbage, and cornbread. Cornbread was $3 for a cornbread muffin that was cold. They should be ashamed of themselves. 
Mac and cheese comes in "flavors" with bacon, pimentoes, etc. I asked for it plain, and it was terrible. It had a bitter after-taste. Guess all the flavors are meant to cover that. Grilled cabbage was nice. But could've used salt and pepper rather than relying just on the spicy sauces on top for seasoning. There also wasn't enough sauce for the 1/4 a cabbage portion that I received. The cabbage leaves were also so tough in some places that I had to ask for a steak knife to cut them. 
Finally, service was slow.
A wasted meal in New Orleans.Customer service is aweful. I have been to this place twice and both times was a major disappointment. No one greets you and you have to flag down a hostess. The beans taste like they are straight from the can, the meat was super fatty, and nothing else was special. The second time I went, I waited 20 minutes for two milkshakes that had 0 toppings and weren't worth the $20 I paid. I would go to Blue Oak any day over this aweful place.Burger King has a better cheeseburger. Gotta get rid of the frozen patty's guys. Too many other good burgers in town to order from here again.While many people bemoan the year 2016, I celebrate it. Because no matter what happened that has your underoos in a bunch, 2016 was the year of the brisket. No longer is Nola a one brisket town! Huzah!
Frey is one of the latest entries into New Orleans' burgeoning BBQ scene. I visited recently after Shannon gave me the scoop and sent me a picture of their beef ribs. My experience was a take-out visit, but I thoroughly enjoyed it, and will be back soon. 
Rather than call in my order I placed it upon my arrival. Service was friendly and my order was ready in under ten minutes. 
I wanted to experience as much variety as possible so I opted for a three meat patter with sliced brisket, pulled pork and sausage. My sides were beans and potato salad. 
Brisket - Moist and tender with very flavorful bark. My one complaint would be that it wasn't as smoky as I prefer, but it was still very good. Getting it to-go and driving 15 minutes to my office didn't degrade its quality at all. 
Pulled pok - Goot to very good. The pork was coated in some sort of liquid which made it very moist and flavorful. I wish more places would coat their pork. 
Sausage - Not my cup of tea. The sausage may have been Italian sausage which I don't really like. 
Beans - I didn't like their beans. 
Potato salad - Great! I'd describe the potato salad as a remoulad variety and it was spicy and creamy like it should be. 
I really enjoyed Frey and will definitely be back.Good product-- probably would have earned a 5 Star from me if the service would've been better. Server should not be so contrary when a customer asks for a special request; more so, should've at least said "let me check" or "it may be an up charge, but let me ask". Server was snide about the request, also. Now onto the food: brisket was great. Burger was cooked to exact temp asked for. Mac was good, very cheesy. The fries are good and crispy. Potato salad is very bland, though. Good location that was clean as well.First off, we were seated and not greeted by a server until we awkwardly stared around the restaurant for 5 minutes--very cute restaurant by the way. I ordered the Brisket platter with French fries and baked beans. The brisket itself was delicious but the sides were very disappointing. The beans and fries were both cold. The fries were waaaaay over cooked and the beans were undercooked. My boyfriend ordered the brisket and St Louis ribs-both awesome. His sides were more disappointing than mine. (That cabbage wedge. Wtf was that? It was so hard, it could have stopped a bullet.) After a while, we noticed that our server seemed to be the only one taking tables while everyone else was either doing various side work or talking amongst themselves with little care to diners. With such an awesome and cute location, it's sad that the food and service wasn't better.Frey Smoked Meat is an average place in an above average food town.
I had a pimento cheese burger that was tasty, yet the cheese was melted into a runny goo and the meat on the burger fell apart as soon as I bit into it.
The fries were overcooked and a few were stuck together as if they were previously frozen.
Service was more or less attentive.
The space is nice, and you can sit inside or outside on their porch/patio. They feature a good selection of local beers as well.I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of this place and it definitely didn't disappoint! The ribs are tender and flavorful! The brisket melts in your mouth. The mac and cheese (jalapeño and cheddar) is the best I have ever had! Everything is reasonably priced and worth the money. I can't wait to try the fried chicken and the homemade shakes!!! Kudos to the chef!I really wanted to like this place. Mid city is the bomb for new restaurants and they have a great location. We went on a Saturday night around 6:30. Had a group with 6 adults and 3 kids took more than an hour to seat us despite many tables being open that could have been pulled together. Great open space in the front so the kids had plenty of space to run around while we waited. Bar area is really nice, but a canebrake​ pint and a glass of red wine were $16 and change!!!! After all that the food took entirely too long to arrive in my opinion considering this stuff isn't being cooked to order. For a place with smoke in its title I failed to detect any in the brisket or the ribs that we had. The place smelled great inside and I really really was hoping for some good food but unfortunately it just didn't live up to the expectations I had going in. May give it a shot and a few months when they've maybe had a chance to work some of the kinks out.
All that said the staff was as friendly and accommodating as they could be.and the shakes looked awesome (which they really should for $10 a piece). 
Meal prices seemed pretty reasonable, but the sides, desserts and drinks are entirely out of whack.Went to Frey Smoked Meat Co today for the first time.  Took around 45 minutes to an hour to get the appetizers.  When the food came, I ordered the brisket platter.  There were 5 slices on my plate and of the 5 slices, three were 50% fat and 2 were all fat with no meat.  Service was good but the food and wait times were horrible. Not a place where I want to spend my dining dollars.Atmosphere was nice. 
Food was tasty. 
Portions extremely small compared to price. 
$10 shake give me a break. 
Ordered a beer. Didn't come with a glass. 
Side of baked beans was more like soup. 
Waiter seemed overworked but was as attentive as could be. 
Bring prices in line with portions or portions in line with prices and this is easily a 4 star go to place.I ate the most delicious Cuban here.  I had to request for more dressing as for the meat to sauce ratio was lacking.  The handsome Asian Bartender makes the best mixed drinks and offers the best drink and food pairingsThe food was amazing! Best brisket in the city. Service was slow, but good was worth it.Kind of a long wait but they more than made up for it with the food. The mac and cheese is amazing!!! Also don't skip on the milkshakeI have been here twice, the first time was with some girlfriends & the second time I brought a coworker for lunch. The porkbelly poppers are to die for,  just order them! The pepper jack mac n cheese is also a must! The shakes are out of this world & our server, Stephanie, was super easy going & helpful! Love this place!Great new BBQ restaurant. Food was wonderful and reasonably priced. Goes without saying the meats were fabulous -- brisket tender and flavorful and the pulled pork something special. You have to see the "Cookie Monster" dessert to believe it. Didn't get a chance to taste the ribs or the Brussel sprouts  (had to be rolled out as it was). Will be going back right away to rectify this omission!This is my first time here, but I had a nice time.  I had a BBQ plate with brisket and pork belly, it was very good.  I love that each table has several different sauces on the table.  The staff was very attentive, the manager came to check on us several times.  I suggested including pickles and Texas toast with every BBQ plate and the manager seemed open to the idea.  I will definitely come back.Came in late. We felt like we were bothering them. We're told that they were out of most everything until one of the owners showed up. Great BBQ. Great bourbon selection. Customer skills are lackingThe best BBQ I've had in New Orleans to date. 
Wings - you pull off what you bite - a sign of perfectly cooked wings. Great smoke flavor. 
Jalapeño cheddar mac - excellent
Fried chicken - perfect batter and flavor
Pork belly poppers - the best pork belly I've ever tried. 
Inexpensive draft with a fair selection. 
If you have tried blue oak and thought it was ok like I did - treat yourself to real BBQ here.This was our first stop in New Orleans and we just wanted a quick bite. Knowing this is busy season for them, we weren't expecting great service. However, keeping this in mind, we still had horribly slow service. Our server was panicked and even as she was taking our order, she was still flustered. Our food order took 45 minutes and still came out wrong. ( mind you we didn't ask for anything super special ). The food tasted amazing. It just would've been nice to have gotten the beer I ordered or a water refill or even some mayonnaise for the sand which.Best BBQ joint in the city, although I wouldn't really call this place a "joint." This place exceeds your average joint from the variety and quality of food to the detail of the venue itself. It's easy to tell they don't just slap a scoop of mac and cheese on your tray and call it a day. It comes served in its own cast iron skillet, made to order, and it's phenomenal! Along with the other foods I've tried (pulled pork sandwich, biscuits, ribs, shake!) it beats the quality of any other place I've tried. The preparation of this kind of food takes a little longer than the typical order, scoop, serve kind of joint, but I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes for good food. So if you want excellent BBQ with a great atmosphere, this place has my vote!OMG this has to be the WORST meal I have had in over 10 years. There was a party of six of us and to a man NONE of us could find a kind word about their food! My diet coke was the high point of the evening! I had the spicy cabbage that was served stone COLD! My wife had the hamburger and it was totally inedible. I have never seen so much grease and fat in my life! Even the texas toast was horrible. I should have trusted my first instinct and walked out when the wait staff outnumbers the paying customers 2 to 1. And this was 6pm on a Wednesday night! Do your self a favor and run don't walk away from this place! The food is absolutely horrid.I made the mistake of giving my dog some of the leftovers .... last time I saw her she was licking her butt to get the taste out of her mouth!To start I'm not sure how this place got great reviews .
I live a few blocks away and I had moved here from South Carolina so this was exciting for me , 
    This place is literally the worst experience I've ever had in the city upon walking in the manager was on his phone leaned over the hostess stand and continued to be on his phone while talking to us telling us there was a wait. We decided to try and get drinks from the bar and the bartender was one of the rudest people I've ever experienced.
    So we waited for a about ten minutes when we were finally sat we waited  another ten minutes to even get a drink order while waiting we noticed there was no silverware at the table and as we noticed this the hostess was making out with some guy in the doorway in front of customers!
     When we finally got our food the beans were cold the potato salad was very acidic almost sour and there was just no hospitality I will not be returning good luck to these owners with the staff they have.The beans were full of...everything but beans.  More like soup. Small portions. Disappointing.  Atmosphere great.  They were not busy but still took 30 min. They were also out of 2 items at 5:15. Also way too expensive for what you get.Delicious lean barbecue brisket with the best shakes anywhere! The servers are knowledgeable and friendly. I love the indoor/outdoor seating.Came here for dinner to celebrate my Father's retirement & boy was the food delicious! 
First time ever dining here and had heard so many incredible reviews, had to try it out! Glad I did.
I ordered the 2 meat platter (pulled pork & fried chicken) with french fries & a massive piece of texas toast. Others in my party ordered the cuban sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, grilled cabbage, baked beans, etc. 
We had montmartre champagne to have a celebratory toast and the bartender was nice enough to come around and serve everyone and continue to chill the champagne. 
Nice selection of liquor on the bar here. Bartenders are very friendly as well as the management team is great. Our server however was pushy & messed up one order. I deducted one star for the lack of hospitality from the server. 
Overall, wonderful place to dine if you are ever in Mid-City!Went yesterday Sunday for lunch at about 12:30. Service was slow but friendly.  Kitchen was already out of multiple meat items which is not good for a BBQ restaurant that only has 6 or 8 main items on the menu. Had the pulled pork. It was Ok, a little mushy and somewhat lacking the smoky flavor I'd expected. Also the serving size was pretty small. Biscuits were awesome as was the King Cake shake. Brussel sprouts and potato salad were also very good.  
Took us over 2 hours to get served and eat. Restaurant was not full.Amazing original bbq joint. Definitely give it a try if you're a bbq lover. Friendly staff and environment!Food is very good. I love the brisket sandwich which comes with carmelized onions and horseradish sauce. Very tasty. 
They also have delicious brussel sprouts. Highly recommended. 
As this is a new restaurant, they seem to be working out some kinks. Last time I visited, we waited longer than thirty minutes for our food. They were also out of several things on their menu, which was disappointing on a Saturday afternoon. 
I'll definitely be a regular if they improve service and food supply.Had the barbecued pork belly, so tender and melt in your mouth! Sauces are terrible. Needs to have at least one sauce that's somewhat sweet. Brussel sprouts were delicious. Potato salad was okay, nothing to rave about. I had a nectar soda float, so good! Made me feel like a kid again. I didn't think prices were that bad.Delicious brisket! So tender and flavorful. Also tried the baked beans, potato salad, brussel sprouts and cabbage. All were great!I visited Frey for the first time last night with friends, and I liked it so much that I decided to return today with my family for lunch. The brisket is delicious, and this is what I opted for both times (I've had it both in sandwich and platter form).
Last night we enjoyed 3 flights of nice bourbon, each of which came with the delicious Pork Belly Popper appetizer for a very reasonable price. Overall, last night was great.
Today, however, my sisters had different opinions and did not like their pulled pork sandwiches. I tried a bite, and I have to admit that it was not very tasty. 
OVERALL:
Service was great both times, great alcohol selection, inconsistent food (some is good, some not; be sure to order correctly).Best beef rib i've had in Nola. I wish i had taken a pic, the portion size was surprisingly big. My bf order the brisket also really good.  Their original sauce is amazing. Will definitely come back.This place is the cat's pajamas, Daddy-O! I've been a few times since it opened and have tried a few different menu items. Let me start with the ribs: I don't usually order ribs, although if I find a place I like, I will order them at some point. Frey was a competitor at Hogs for the Cause, where I first tried their ribs a few years ago. They ended up winning 1st place in ribs and 2nd overall the following year. I recommend the ribs. Get the ribs! Also amazing, the pulled pork. It comes in a housemade sauce, which is just enough to accentuate the full flavor of the pork. It's like if the pork was wearing one of those masquerade masks that you hold by a stick; you have a pretty good idea of what lies underneath. They're not trying to fool anyone by suffocating it with sauce. It's just right. I also recommend the pulled pork. Get the pulled pork! Another thing, I'm a big fan of wings, which you can get in a few different sauces. While you can't go wrong with traditional buffalo, the more interesting is the Alabama white sauce. It's sweet and mildly tangy. Wash it all down with cold beer!
The menu is the right size, with typical bbq fare as well as burgers, sandwiches (I recommend the Barb-cuban) and these freakishly large milkshakes that are just b-a-n-a-n-a-s! 
The decor is pretty neat. They have lofted areas where they store their different woods for smoking the meats and have some crafty woodsmanship displayed throughout the place. The atmosphere is friendly with great service. Plenty of indoor and some outdoor seating. I'm a fan.Should be called "Way Toked meat co" because it got me high on flavor (and mescaline) 
Loved the way the meats tanged in my gullet when I mixed em with the sauces OH GOD THE SAUCES they made an unholy meatrimony on my plate and later as I mawwed down like a bug on steroids they lubricated my soul into a stew of mesquite smoke and char. I have lived 6 times in the astral plateauWe were looking for something Hot and Hearty and chose Frey because we knew they had Mac & Cheese.  Their Mac & Cheese is good, just a little too salty, but still creamy and tasty.  I had the one with bacon, my girlfriend, had the one with pulled pork.  They were both yummy, but the pulled pork one was better.  She had the brisket chili and LOVED it.  I had the wings....not impressed at all.  They were hard and chewy (in a bad way).  Now, the Brussel sprouts were really good.  I only ordered them because I needed to have something green.  I have NEVER ordered Brussel Sprouts and never thought I would, but I heard there were really good.  No joke, they are really good.
Our server was really sweet, but not incredibly attentive.  However, still, very sweet.
Welllllll, it's loud and cold.  We were seated under a vent that was blowing on us.  We asked to move and were accommodated quickly.First time coming here! I absolutely loved it. The smell of BBQ just filled me up when I walked in and I wanted EVERYTHING on the menu!! I will definitely be returning. The pulled pork and cabbage was so good.. Their shakes are awesome too! You won't be disappointed with Frey Smoked Meat Co.!So far been here twice. Both on weekday nights and not really busy. Sat at the bar both times. Our first visit had better service than our second visit though. If you are a whiskey drinker they have whiskey flights and they also come with a choice of pork belly poppers or some other app. The pork belly popper are so good! For the second visit we got the fried chicken sandwich which had a good kick to it and the pork mac n cheese was pretty good.I've made two visits to Frey, and was happy with both. Eating with family the first time, I was able to try the pulled pork I had ordered, and brisket pilfered off of my Dad's plate. Both were better versions of BBQ I've had elsewhere in the neighborhood. I returned a couple of weeks later for a to-go plate of the beef ribs. They're huge, tender, juicy and with a great salty/smokey bark on outside. Frey is a nice addition to the neighborhood. Just wish there was a Thai place in Mid City now.A solid  BBQ place in Mid-city the pulled pork was good and the baked beans were exceptional!  They also do a selection of burgers that looked outstanding.   Creative cocktail menu and the milkshakes are crazy good.  
The wait staff is very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly 
So while not the first place I'd go solely for BBQ the total package is definitely worth it; we will be backPork belly was great. And love brisket and theirs was awesome. My favorite side is the Brussel sprouts. Didn't like the Mac and cheese at all, it was way too salty. We couldn't even eat it. They have been extremely busy every time we have went so service is ok considering how busy they are.Food is way overpriced!A$10.00 milkshake lmao can you say hipster bs.I can just see a line of manbuns sucking on 10 dollar shakes.To many people love spending their parents disposable income.This place wont last.If you know Noodle, then you know I enjoy trying new places to eat. Well I tried Frey & OMG I'm in love! Where do I start. Well I like the location you know kind of ducked off. Then when I walked in I was greeted a guy who must enjoy his job or he was having a good day. Next my waitress (dang it I forgot her name) I would like to have her again. It was our first time there and we have a 6 year old with us. She took her time with us and pleased us very well with the service. I ordered 3 milkshakes (1 cotton candy & 2 pralines and cream). All 3 were amazing, now don't get me wrong 10 per milkshake is pretty expensive but its worth it! We all ordered something simple, cheeseburgers. The kid got hers with mac-n-cheese on it. I dont remember seeing a kids menu. Just to throw that out there. Lets just say we all left full. I promise we didn't eat no more that day and that was our only meal of the day. Lol! If it wasn't so cool outside due to N.O. silly weather we probably could have sat outside and ate. I will say this, if you haven't been its a must to try it. If you from out of town make your way to Mid City and try it. Yes the streetcar does run along that route. 5 stars from me! Thank you Frey for an amazing experience for my 1st time!Have been here once previously and they were out of the pork belly poppers and pork belly. So today, I called ahead of time to make sure they had them both available, and was told that they were both available. I show up to Frey and they say that they are actually out of pork belly and pork belly poppers. Again. This was at 1pm in the afternoon, which is early in the day to be out of any smoked meats at a place that claims to serve smoked meats. Feeling fairly cheated after having called ahead, making the out of way trip, and then being told they were out of them was quite frustrating, so I complained to the manager and left.I love brisket and good brisket should be melt-in-your-mouth tender.  I am always searching for some in this area - think I have found it!  It is outstanding.  I would give it a five star rating except that the sides are not that great.  The fries are frozen and the beans are "grainy".  I haven't tried any other sides, but plan to do so as that brisket will draw me back.  I wanted the grilled corn, but at 12:30 they did not have it - hmm...  Consequently, I would say it is a mixed review.  Go have the brisket and don't expect too much for the rest of the food, but that brisket is to die for.I've been to Frey 3 times after having some of their products at Hogs for the Cause. Nice location in mid-city. Plenty of parking. The BBQ is good coming from a Texan. Their Cookie Monster dessert is fantastic. Nice bar area with very attentive servers.My daughter in Cali made my mouth water when she sent me the website . Went right over to place a order.  I've never had st Louis style ribs that had so much fat  an grease with minimal meat.Any chef/ cook know a fatty pice of meat an it should not have been sold . Was it because it was to go ? Loved the BBQ sauce. Baked bean were  not  the sweet New Orleans style. While waiting I watched a family eating an there ribs were very meaty. Not mine !!!$28 for 4 pieces of ribs not even half a rack and piece of chicken not even a whole piece of chicken!!! It also can with two small sides and some smudge of corn bread. Save your money definitely not worth the cost.Frey's has become my favorite BBQ restaurant in New Orleans. The staff is personable and knowledgeable about the menu. My friend and I were seated as soon as we walked in even though it was quite crowded. The mac and cheese was delightful, but the pulled pork was really stellar. The sides offered feature the classics you would expect at any BBQ place, but with interesting and modern twists. The food and atmosphere are great, but the parking lot really sealed the deal for a great dining experience.Another great place in the neighborhood. For a very long time New Orleans did not have much in the way of BBQ joints, but now they seem to be popping up and closing back down at a fairly quick rate.   We tried Frey Smoked Meat Co. for the first time last night and found it to be very good.  The appetizers (smoked sausage, and pork belly poppers) were excellent and very large portions for the price!  I had the two meat entree with Brisket and pork ribs.  The ribs were falling off the bone excellent and the brisket was tasty and tender.  The portions might seem a bit small compared to other places. I got three bones of ribs and three slices of brisket.  To be fair, after the appetizers, that was all I could have managed to eat anyway.  Everyone enjoyed their food. One of us had the a burger and she said that it was good as well.  The sides were all ok. But, the night we were there the baked beans were a tiny bit under cooked and crunchy.  While it is not something that I would ever let get withing three feet of my mouth, others liked the Brussels sprouts.  Over all I am very happy to have a great BBQ place in my area and will be going back to Frey as often as I want good smoked meat :-)Slow, slow, slow. No one seems to care about what they're doing. Possibly understaffed but there is still no look of urgency from the workers. I'm thinking poor management. Food was decent.Nice meaty jumbo chicken wings.   I got the buffalo sauce and then added a little but of the Alabama White sauce they had on the tables with the BBQ sauces.   Good stuff.   Brisket chili was excellent though a little pricey for the portion.   $10 flight of bourbon and pork belly poppers was a great deal though.Food: Great barbecue in a city with little barbecue to offer. We enjoyed the gumbo, the mac and cheese, the fried chicken, the brisket, and the pork ribs. The whiskey flight I got came with Brussels sprouts that were really good as well. Everything was really good, but the fried chicken was exceptional.
Drinks: Great selection of craft beer on tap and in bottles. I also got a whiskey flight which was very tasty. My girlfriend loved the cocktails as well.
I will definitely come back.
P.S. A lot of the negative reviews seem to be pointing out flaws which come with any new restaurant. Give this place a chance and I'm certain you will like it.I wish I could give this place two scores: One for the appetizers and dessert (specifically the shakes) and another for the dinner and service.
My boyfriend and I got the brisket chili cheese fries and wings to start and both were very good. Our entrees were brought out pretty fast, but I was a little suspicious of the smoked sausage I ordered because it looked a little pink. I ate a few pieces and it was ok, but I ultimately sent it back to be reheated because it was cold. I got the coleslaw and potato salad as my sides. The coleslaw was wet and dry at the same time - not sure how that happens. The potato salad also wasn't very good. My boyfriend got the half and half burger. He said it was ok, but he liked the version at Rivershack better.
Service was good until our entrees were brought out. We had to flag down a server that wasn't ours to send back my meal and we had to flag ours down when we were ready to order dessert as she never even came back to check on us. However, the Cookie Monster shake was delicious. Next time I come here, I'm getting an appetizer and a shake and if I want barbecue, I'll make my way a few blocks north on Carrollton.Great new spot in Midcity. Had the pepper jack Mac and cheese. My only complaint about that is the bacon was mostly fat. The ribs, brisket, grilled cabbage, and fries were fantastic. The Cookie and milk dessert? YUMMY. Service at the bar was great. Gil and Andrea were attentive and personable. I'll come back for sure!My husband and I love this place. My husband is a wing fiend, and Frey ties for first for his favorite wings in the city. I go for the shakes...every single one of them! They are definitely huge enough to share. Also, the shredded pork Mac and cheese is incredible. We would recommend sitting at the bar as service on the floor can be very hit or miss; however, the food (and shakes) will bring you back every timeIf you don't get their pimento mac n cheese, you're doing it wrong. 
Service was kind of slow for dinner, waitress had a bit of an attitude, and they were out of quite a few meats by 6:45. What we were able to get was delicious though.Great barbecue place. Although it is more smoked meats as opposed what we think of back yard barbecue. So far, I have only had the brisket and sausage but both were great. However the biscuit and the cold slaw sides were fantastic. Service was excellent. Alexa was fantastic. Neat, clean, easy parking. I'll be back often.Everything was delicious, especially the pork belly poppers!  Good beer and liquor selection as well.  Will be going back again soon.Great Burgers and BBQ plates. We tried the buffalo burger and the smoke meat sample it was delicious. With prompt friendly serviceRecommendation from lyft driver. Glad we came. Food was good-would have given 5stars, but we must have gotten the bottom of the frozen fry bag. Bits and pieces not one whole French fry, but my burger was cooked all the way thru just like I asked and the staff very friendly. Also, jalapeño cheddar mac and cheese was to die for! And I'm a blue box kinda girl!Sooooooo good! First time here and DEF coming back!!! A must try when you are craving good bbq folks!I usually do not review new places because most have to work the kinks out understandability. We got there at 7pm and was told they were out of most meats but waited to be seated anyway. After being seated we were ignored. Finally we left. Hope they get it together.Service was not the best. Went in the middle of afternoon when no one was there and sat 10 minutes before being waited on. Our waitress was great after that though!
The Brussels sprouts were amazing. But my brisket say in a pool of grease and was overly fatty. As someone who lives in Texas, I've had a lot of good brisket. The flavor was on point, just couldn't get past the grease. 
The original barbecue sauce was also really good.A wonderful smokehouse.  Great atmosphere and very good food.  I had the three meat platter and was very satisfied with the food served.  The brisket melted in my mouth. The pork belly was absolutely delicious.After doing the traditional Bourbon Street experience, I was craving some hearty good ol' boy food...and even more ready to get away from the downtown hustle and bustle...found this place on a website which listed it as a top 15...I said let's do it...started off with the gumbo with potato salad...it was so dang tasty, hands down goody good yum yum...after I ordered the 1/2 sausage and 1/2 hamburger burger...I was blown away!!! Amazing flavor, amazing crunchy bun and gooey cheese!!! ... powered it down with an Abita Amber Ale...I am the happiest fella around...when you want a great eat away from the "fan favorites" of the tourist crowds....come grab some real dam good grub, here at Frey's!One of the best BBQ places in the city. I usually get the chicken and rib plate.The chicken is juicy and the ribs are very tender. I also love the bbq sauce selections at the table. Always save room for one of their gourmet milk shakes. They are amazing!Sides are amazing.  Brussel Sprouts, Potato salad...yum!  And my honey loved the beef ribs.  It was huge.Great food and service! The pork belly poppers, the fav on the menu, did not disappoint! So many excellent choices, will definitely be back.The Restaurant was very comfortable  n clean. Waitress was friendly n knew the menu. Quick service. The meal was Fresh n good. However a lil too much salt in Mac n Cheese, but huge portions. The mac bacon Burger was hot n tasty...Until a huge sharp bone found inside the burger--luckily was eating w Fork...management informed n kitchen cooks---they took care of it professionaly n quick action.. Final bill was complimentary for the mishap as NO LARGE Scene was made about it to other patrons, as they Appreciated my concerns, we ( both parties involved) did the discussion quietly, thus my bill was unsuspectedly reduced...Everything was hot, fresh, tasty --regardless of Sharp Bone dis overed in meal...i would Return to this establishment,  a very filling experience ...Have eaten here numerous times. Good food awesome milkshakes.  However, don't order from here on Uber Eats. The place serves up a soup sandwich when using Uber eats. They are always out of stuff and tonight was the kicker. My wife ordered a sandwich that was listed on Uber eats, but they were out of it.  I guess I should be surprised.  So what does Frey's do?  Cancel the entire order and not call me.  So I'm waiting around watching TV thinking my order is on its way. I called and they employee said they didn't have the sandwich so they just canceled the entire order.  He said he didn't want the Uber driver to show up. Seems they are more concerned about Uber drivers than the paying customers.The pork belly was an amazing start. I was really disappointed when the entrees came out. .. even though they were flavorful,  it seemed oven baked... not smoked... so,  although it is a decent meal... i wouldn't consider this real deal bbqService was just ok.  I ordered a hamburger which the meat was ok but the bun was cold and wet.  The fries were cold and hard.  Not sure if I will try them again.The atmosphere is fun and lively and friendly and welcoming.
You sit down. you are hungry--it smells and looks delicious. But then you order and wait. And wait. Ugh, what did I even order?  I'm sure it's the "just opened blues," but the slow service kinda ruined it for me. Get there early if you want to have your pick from the menu as they seem to run out of things as the night goes on. St. Louis ribs were really good, as was the sausage. Skip the grilled cabbage side--doesn't really work. Love the Brussel spouts. A little expensive ($30 for 2, no alcohol) but big portions. I will head back to try the chicken which they were completely out of at 7 pm.DROOOLLLLS*
This place is pretty new to the area, and I'm glad we stopped by! After reading reviews, we were afraid the place was going to be packed out on a Friday lunch, but it wasn't! From the butcher handles on the door to the chalkboards, they did an exceptional job on the design. There were a few TV's to accommodate for you sports fans.
We ordered the fried chicken sandwich, beef brisket plate with brussels sprouts and spicy cabbage, pork belly plate with cornbread, and PORK BELLY POPPERS! First, let me explain how amazing the pork belly poppers were... melting, buttery goodness. I literally could've eaten two orders of them. All entrees were large portions so you sharing would be a good idea! The beef brisket was tender to the bone and paired nicely with the brussels sprouts and spicy cabbage. Now, the cornbread.. yesssss. You should definitely get the cornbread - warm and fluffy goodness, very homemade. The chicken sandwich was huge but the aioli could've used some more heat. There's like 4 different sauces. The Alabama White sauce had a nice cool/kick to it! 
I saw a sign that said "King Cake Shake", tis' the season to drink king cake! We didn't get to try everything, but we will be back to try their shakes and other food! Our server was nice, but a bit awkward when we asked her to spilt our checks.. and the food could take up to 30 minutes depending on what you ordered, like the fried chicken. Other than that, our experience was great! I would highly recommend this for anyone!Stopped here for lunch while out shopping. It was meant to be a quick lunch, but the service was very slow, even though the place was not very busy. It took a long time for someone to take our order, then it took a long time for someone to inform me they were out of what I ordered, then it took a long time for the server to bring me a menu so I could choose something else, then it took a long time for that to come out.
We had two cuban sandwiches, one of which was on bread that was quite badly burnt, but my wife did not want to wait a long time for them to fix it. There was no awareness from the busser who handed us this food. 
The sandwiches were nothing special.
There is not much that would make me want to return to this place.This bbq place's only attraction is the big milkshakes. If you come here you will be instantly disappointed with the attitude and enthusiam pf the wait staff. 10 minute wait just for a beer order while sitting at the bar, the waitress with  blonde hair has a terrible attitude and runinng out of food by 6:30pm at night I would say is kinda unacceptable. No wonder blue oak is still better. Coming here twice so far and being disappointed, I know I will not be back. I only wish yelp could give me the option tp give zero starsI loved this place! I saw the milkshakes featured in something, and it was originally what lured me into this place. Once I looked at the menu though, I had another reason to go! I thought the service was great for that kind of place, and the food was equally as good. We got the brisket chili fries and biscuits to start. Those biscuits were amazing and they served them with this honey butter that was to die for! They are also very big! We ordered 4 for a tbale of 6, and had one left over. Then I got the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw. The sandwich is huge and so is the side. The cole slaw was a little horseradish-y which I like, but I could see it not being for everyone. The only thing I didn't care for was the mac n cheese. It was a very smoky flavor which isn't really something I like. 
Now to the milkshake. I had the Coffee and Donuts, and there are no words to describe how amazing it was! They are giant, so 2-3 people could easily share one! All I can say is that you have to get one! 
Overall, I really liked this place and have been talking it up since I went. Looking forward to going back!This place sucked.  15 min til the server came to the table, another 10 min to take the order, solid 20 min waiting for the food.  It's BBQ, it's not made to order.  They smoke it the night before.  What the hell took so long?  It was cold as hell when it got to the table.  Only redeeming quality was the brisket chili, the meat and sides sucked.  Blue Oak is like 5 blocks away, just go there.Really good! Had the brisket platter. Good sized portions. Reasonably priced. Loved the cole slaw and cornbread. Will definitely go back when I'm in the mood for BBQ!Very disappointed...I was in the restroom washing my hands and a server came out from her stall and didn't wash her hands.  I came out and told the other server about it. The server that didn't wash her hands came over and told me she uses hand sanitizer. I don't care. I want to see you wash your hands before returning to work. To make it even worse, no manager spoke to us, but our server said the manager talked to the mom hand washing server. SMDH!!! Will not visit again!!!I heard about Frey's from my spinning instructor during class. He told us to work hard to "make room" for Mardi gras food: daquiris, fried chicken, king cake, and the "king cake shake" from frey's. 
Today was my first visit to Frey's....Saturday after 12....so the place was packed. Expect delays during peak times, but the food is worth it.  I had the pulled pork sandwich which comes with fries. I ordered the pulled pork mac and cheese on the side. One of my tests in smoked meat is to try it without sauce. Pork was outstanding: juicy, smoky and full of flavor. They have four sauces to choose from. I recommend the Frey Original sauce. Spicy but not overpowering.
The king cake milkshake lived up to the hype. Tall slender beer mug with sprinkled icing drips down the sides. Cinnamon spiked vanilla ice cream topped with whipped cream and, oh yes, a piece of king cake. Cheat meal worthy.
The bbq has won Hogs for the Cause and will be back this year as the legendary "Hogaritaville". Looking forward to visiting their booth and returning to Frey's for more bbq. Thank you spin instructor for the recommendation!Food was great.  Prices a dot high but we waited an hour for our food... With no apology more of a look of inconvenience by asking if the food was coming... The food is good if you have. long time to waitThe BBQ here is excellent!  I've been here three times now, and everything I've tried is amazing! We loved the pulled pork, baked beans, and all the mac and cheese options.  However, the service ranges from mediocre to terrible.  The food can take for ever to come out of the kitchen, some of the servers don't really check up on the tables. You can wait a long time for drink refills or the check even if they aren't busy.The food here....it just keeps getting better! 
Today, I had the smoked chicken and pork belly. I swear it's the best smoked chicken I've ever eaten! And the prok belly is always amazingly delicious! 
For my two sides, I had brussel sprouts and grilled cabbage. The improvement of the grilled cabbage made all the difference! It was quartered, grilled (charred) and drizzled with a light, tangy sauce. I would come back just for that, quite honestly!
I also had the opportunity to ask Chef Ray about the sauces, and I'm glad I did. One was a thick, syrupy South Carolina style sauce. Super delicious. My (what I thought was my favorite) was a sauce that was accidentally made by combining a lot of sauces. The result was so tasty! Not as sweet and syrupy as the first sauce and not as vinegary as the straight up vinegar sauce with chili flakes (also delicious). Then, a sauce that I thought was ranch, turns out it's, "Alabama White." This is the stuff that will make you go back to church and praise Jesus that it exists! Horseradish based with black pepper.... I could have drank it! It was equally delicious with my chicken as it was with the pork belly. And the sprouts. And the cabbage. And just on a spoon. I can only imagine how well this will pair with the brisket and a crisp white wine. Next time....
Way to go, y'all! Beautiful neighborhood gem and, if this isn't your hood, you need to make the drive to Mid City.
 Destination BBQ, hands down!This was our families first time eating here. My husband had been here once for lunch before. The burgers were good (we all had burgers). The fries were not great though. The kids didn't eat theirs. My son ordered the milk shake the cookies and cream and it was amazing!!!!! Our waitress was attentive at first but then disappeared and we had to ask another member of the wait staff to find her. We found out a little later that a transformer went out which caused the electricity to go out and the back up to come on.Absolutely delicious food, friendly service. Came here with my husband and 9 yo son, and we were all surprised and delighted by the food. The biscuits with honey butter are divine--flaky and moist, flavorful and rich. My son had the mac and cheese, which was creamy and decadent. I had the pulled pork, my husband had the smoked chicken--both were cooked to perfection. The brussel sprout side was also great. Service was friendly and efficient. The perfect place for a relaxing and satisfying weekend lunch.First, it is in a strip mall. Red flag number one. Not an old school strip mall that holds diamond in the rough mom and pop shops, one of those new ones where rent is high, and quality is low.
Save your money. Go to one of the other dozens of the other dozens of smokehouses in New Orleans. This one is terrible. I was a party of one and they didn't like that. I watched 3 parties of 2 that came in after me get seated before me. They only sat me when I asked what the wait was about. 
The food is bad. The smoked chicken was ok, not great. The bbq sauces all taste like straight vinegar. All of the other food sucked. I paid $22 for smoked chicken, a tiny side of mac and cheese, spicy grilled cabbage, and cornbread. Cornbread was $3 for a cornbread muffin that was cold. They should be ashamed of themselves. 
Mac and cheese comes in "flavors" with bacon, pimentoes, etc. I asked for it plain, and it was terrible. It had a bitter after-taste. Guess all the flavors are meant to cover that. Grilled cabbage was nice. But could've used salt and pepper rather than relying just on the spicy sauces on top for seasoning. There also wasn't enough sauce for the 1/4 a cabbage portion that I received. The cabbage leaves were also so tough in some places that I had to ask for a steak knife to cut them. 
Finally, service was slow.
A wasted meal in New Orleans.Just leaving here for lunch today. Friend and I sat outside and both had a burger. Burgers were both very salty. Not the first time we have had over salted food here, first time was the coleslaw. Told the waitress today about the salty burgers. She apologized and said she would tell the kitchen staff. She even mentioned the owner was there. You would think he or a kitchen manager would have come to us to apologize.Can't even tell you how the food tastes since due to rough start on phone.  Called for the first time to order food for take out and... they are out of all ribs (pork and beef)! Also would not ensure white meet fried chicken on a platter even after saying we would pay extra.  This was 730pm on a Friday night!  WeakHave been back several times since opened and have never been disappointed. The atmosphere is fun and laid back, and the menu offers a large variety. Service was a little slow in the beginning, as to be expected with a new spot- but they have picked it up and worked out the kinks fast. The biscuits are a must- have gotten them every time! Have tried the rib, chicken and pulled pork plates and all were delicious. The pulled pork is my favorite- very tender, and an explosion of flavor in your mouth with each bite. Can't wait to try it on a burger! Also can't wait to try a shake- those things are monstrous and look incredible! Normally just too full for dessert. Have been and will be back again!Excellent food.  My kids had the burgers and milkshakes.  I had the fried chicken.  Great food, great service!The Joint has Absolutely nothing to worry about. The pulled pork was dry, chicken was good, cornbread good (Jiffy Mix, I swear), potato salad is a failed, and the sauces were fair to bad. Once is enough. Let's see how about the Joint tonight.The burger was over cooked and laden with salt. I get that there's a fine line between rare and medium rare, but I got very well done with double extra salt. Service was slow and inattentive at best. Stick to the milkshakes, which are the only redeeming feature.Surprisingly good BBQ meats. We live nearby and we decided to try it. We had the chili brisket fries and pork belly poppers with pepper jelly for appetizers, then the Pork belly entree with a side of brussel sprouts and spicy coleslaw which was a little salty for my taste but other than that we truly enjoyed our lunch and we will definitely be back again to try out other stuff on their menu. Btw we think that this new place is a little better than Blue Oak BBQ across the street because everything they have there was too salty.Order the brisket chili!
Tasted pork ribs, pulled pork, brisket, smoked chicken. All very good. 
Get the brisket chili. 
Poor belly poppers sauce was great. 
Many beers available. 
Get the brisket chili. Seriously. 
No room for dessert. Baked beans are not sweet Southern type, more jalapeño. 
Get the brisket chili, no matter what else, it's incredible.Parking was a bit of a challenge during lunch. But, the staff were friendly and helpful. Food was great. I got the brisket plate with a bowl of gumbo. Friends got pulled pork. Everyone loved it.I had heard awesome things about Frey, and I wanted to love it! The menu looks amazing and I'm hoping that as they are open longer they will work out all of their kinks. The people that we encountered who worked there were all friendly and helpful- that was a huge plus. 
Between a party of three we got: a brisket plate with beans and potato salad, a fried chicken and sausage plate with Brussels sprouts and cornbread and a fried chicken and brisket plate with Brussels sprouts and beans. The meats all had great flavor- nice smoke and the chicken breading was well seasoned and crunchy. The problem was, they were all very dry. You needed a lot of sauce. If they could remedy the dryness, it would be awesome plates of food. The beans were deliciously smoky, but lacking salt, as were the sprouts and potato salad. Sadly there was no salt or pepper on the tables. The cornbread was yummy. 
We saw macaroni and cheese, as well as sandwiches,  going to other tables that looked good. We would come back to try those. I am hopeful that the cooking issues will get figured out and that the meats won't dry out. Then this will be some fantastic BBQ!Beef rib plate $19 - 1 rib, yes 1 rib which the waiter failed to mention and when asked if it was possibly a mistake he said "yeah it's just one and it weighs the same as the other rib plate portion". It weighed the same bc there was a giant bone and mainly fat on the one single rib. Came with choice of two sides, I went with brussel sprouts and cornbread which were good. Pulled pork not great, sausage was less great. 
The other rib plate is pork came with about 4 ribs and two sides also. Again, for the price and portion size gimme a break. The ribs were decent, nothing to spread the word about. Bacon pepper jack mac N cheese was really rich and not bad at all, but really small portion. Overall, for the high prices and portion size I've give them a C. By far better places around like the joint or McClure's or even blue oak. I might come. I might come back to try a burger but I don't think I'd recommend this placeThis place still needs to work out the kinks. We were seated quickly by the hostess. But it took forever for anyone to come acknowledge us and take our drink order. Kept walking right by us and even helped tables that were seated after us before getting to us. We ordered everything all at once since we had already been siting for 15 minutes. Received a sweet tea instead of the unsweet I ordered. Overheard the table next to us have the same thing happen. But it was such chaotic service that I didn't bother pointing it out. Ordered the brisket sandwich and a Cuban sandwich. And mac and cheese to split. The brisket and carmelized onions on the sandwich were both completely room temperature. The bun wasn't anything to get excited about at all. Seemed like it was just from the grocery store. The mac and cheese was really good, but the portion was very small for the price. Especially since the mac and cheese is in its own separate section from the rest of the sides offered on the menu. 
We will give this place another try bc I understand it's still very new, but I wasn't initially impressed. It's a cute lil place. And good beer selection. Just needs to get its sh*t together.Heard a lot about this new BBQ joint and was looking forward to trying it out. Disappointed to say the least. 
Branded very well, nicely packaged and seemingly ready to duplicate in multiple locations so be on the lookout for that. Kudos to them for the forethought and attention to detail.
Service was quick, friendly and pleasant. No issues there.
The food was at best mediocre and at worst just disappointing. I had the 2 meat platter (ribs & brisket) with grilled cabbage and potato salad. The temperature of the ribs was "warm", first issue. Not very tender, second issue. The brisket was fatty. Cabbage was interesting and the best part of the meal. Potato salad is best described as flat, not much flavor.
Wife had pork platter with baked beans and cole slaw. Pork was fatty, beans were "okay" and cole slaw was underwhelming.
My son ate here a couple of weeks ago and raved about the macaroni on his burger but was disappointed his burger wasn't cooked to temp. He loved it though. Macaroni on a burger will get an 18 year old back in but I doubt I'll be back.I had a good but not amazing experience at Frey. The space is comfortable with lots of sports on. The service was good but the food was very slow to come out. We were there early so it wasnt very busy so not sure what the delay was. The portions are probably my biggest complaint. I got the 3 meat which was $20 but wasnt enough food for dinner. I am in shape so I wasnt looking for a ton of food. I just didnt want to leave hungry.Aside from the long wait time, everything else was nice. The atmosphere had modern restaurant/bar feel to it. Like you really wouldn't knew it was a BBQ place at first. I had the Cuban sandwich with pulled pork and a Moscow mule. The sandwich was delicious and there's an assortment of sauces to choose from. The mule was only $5. Would definitely visit here again.Pricey for what you get.  Our waiter was very friendly; however, he started out saying they were close to running out of food and this was at 7:00 P.M.  We thought it was a ploy to get us to order faster, and turn the table over.  He also said his favorite item was the beef ribs and there was only one order left, needless to say I ordered it, and it was horrible, very very fatty.  I should have known better since I got the last of it.  The sides were generous and very good. There were 5 of us total, the other main dishes, portions were extremely small, especially compared to the cost and other BBQ restaurants.  The best thing on the menu is the Makers Mark cocktail....  Best I've ever hadEnded up here on a whim (after the restaurant across the street literally ran out of food) and was shocked at how good the food was considering the strip mall location. I got the pulled pork burger and the jack and bacon mac and cheese, which combined with some local beer was amazing. Service was fast, prices were good, and the meat was fresh.Very cool place and vibe. Great beer selection. The food was great but the hour and a half waiting for it was not. I'm ok with the typical BBQ restaurant hiccups and running out of things, but with the limited menu and long wait, it turned into a frustrating experience. However, if you do go, get the Brussel sprouts. Maybe will get better with time, but as of now will be hard to get me back.If you're looking for great BBQ in New Orleans you can find it here. We've been here twice and I can't wait to come back in. I favor the pulled pork but my husband ordered the wings today and of course I had to try them. Delicious! All the meats are smoked to perfection. They have several sauces, including a vinegar and an Alabama white which has a horseradish base. All the sides are good, especially the pickled cabbage. And there's a great selection of beer including my favorite, sour beers. The staff is friendly and service is good. Come check it out!The food is amazing as well as the beer. I ordered a turkey leg & you'd expect just you're average turkey leg but when they brought it out it was so tender & it all literally fell off the bone. The sauces are amazing as well. I like how they have a parking lot & you don't have to spend an hour looking to park.The service is always so bad I don't tip!  Food is amazing I keep coming back. If you order to go the girls at the front clueless. The young lady today actually left my cc on the counter for anyone to walk away with it.  Bartender. Always amazing service.Pros: they have late hours so you can grab some grub later into the evening.  The white alabama sauce is amazing, best I have ever had.  You will want a quart of the sauce and suck it through a straw.  The cons:  the service is horrific and the food is just okay.  I don't understand BBQ joints that want to do individualized table service.  Please consider just offering counter service and save everyone the heartache and aggravation.  There's multiple hostesses and the bar tender who don't seem to help out the servers any.  Waiting for drinks or just refills makes for an unpleasant meal, and you usually have to wait for everything to get delivered to the table in dribbles.  On our first visit we asked the waitress if they were a brisket place or more of a pork place and she had no idea how to answer - having actually worked and trained at a bbq restaurant this is one of the first things you learn.  The que is ok, there are better options in New Orleans now with the explosion of bbq joints.  The smoked wings are above average, but I don't like that they garnish them with cheddar cheese.  I like that they offer low carb sides like the cabbage and the brussel sprouts.  Have not tried the milkshakes even though they look amazing.  Overall I think Frey's suffers from being overly ambitious and should consider re-arranging food ordering and eliminate the middle man by just having food runners and not realy on wait staff.  There's lots of big screen TVs to watch games while you wait eternally for your food.Frey is pretty good. Very affordable. Has this working class lunch break sorta vibe during the day but at night turns into a pretty quaint date place! I think it would be nice if they would offer mac & cheese as side dish option instead of forcing you to buy a dish of mac & cheese when you only wanted a little bit.I've always gotten the plate which is not bad. Today I decided to try them again and ordered the chicken sandwich.  Sorry to say but it was terrible.  Not much flavor at all and the chicken was not a chicken breast but a mix of white and dark meat.  It was just not enjoyable whatsoever. The fries that came with it were over cooked and not that great.  I really want to give them a great review but after trying them more than a few times... 3 stars is the best I can do.  Also, the server was petting a dog outside then came and didn't wash her hands... so gross.What a great addition to our New Orleans restaurants.
I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious.  I also ordered the Brussels sprouts and was not disappointed.  
My only issue with Frey is the service.  They were out of several dishes by the time I arrived and it was barely noon.  Also, it took quite a while to get our drinks and food.  
My daughter wanted to order one of their delicious shakes, but they were out of the one she chose.  The waitress brought out a menu so that she could make another shake choice, which she did.
The table next to us was just receiving their shake as our waitress walked away.  It was a king cake shake that we didn't see on the menu, but that looked delicious.  About 15 minutes later, when the waitress brought my daughter's shake, explained that it was a special and she just didn't tell us about it.  I wish that we would have had the option to order the special shake, but that didn't happen.  
Hopefully they will get their service in order soon.  I'm definitely planning to go back and give them another chance, as the food  was pretty good.Working in the area and was recommended to try this place out and it was Really good!!! 
Would honestly rate 3.5
I had the Brisket platter with Brussel sprouts and baked beans with a Cookie Monster Milkshake. 
I know that brisket is the fattest meat but I've never been served with this much fat on it before. The meat was really tender but that much fat grossed me out. Brussel sprouts were great and the beans  just had too much stuff going on. 
For $15 all plates should come with some type of bread and it not be extra $.
Over all I had a great experience and my waiter, Brad, was amazing!! I'd probably return, definitely for the desert.Mac & Cheese (jalapeño) was VERY good, but cold. Sent back to kitchen to warm food up...still not hot. Oh well. Tasty, but don't expect the best service.Too hyped up, Food was okay, the meats were tender, I was a little upset they're permanently out of turkey leg, the sides were bland ... Mac & cheese just cheese and milk. SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE AND GARBAGE I WORK IN THE HOSPITALITY INDUSTRY & was DISAPPOINTED! The Sever never checked on us through the meals, no water refills, nothing. Table was never cleared after we finish bill and paid the check.  Finally the Milkshakes that every one go to try. The milkshake couldn't even make up for everything else it just was horrible. The milkshake was loose and unsweetened(taste like just milk & ice with Oreo crumbs.This kitchen has a big salt problem. Several items WAY over salted. Too bad cuz otherwise it could be a good placeDelicious. They sat us at a table in the bar without asking, which was whatever, it was our date night and we weren't really feeling the 6 guys drinking at the bar and screaming about baseball. The bartender never said a word to us and just looked at us funny. Other than that our waitress was great and the food was amazing. Got the brisket fries, bacon Mac-n-cheese, Texas toast (fantastic!), rib and brisket (so juicy) entree, potato salad, and Brussels sprouts( they were so good).  We had enough leftover for dinner the next night. Will definitely return!The concept and venue is cute and nice to hang and even has some outside seating but the food was ok. Brisket was tender & good. Sausage was a little salty. Potato salad is ok if you're alright with potato skins. Baked Beans was NOT good. Mac and cheese was decent but over rated for it to be a separate entree.Darn good bourbon flight with pork belly poppers!!! Smoked chicken is amazing and brussel sprouts were great as well. Go see Trent Mcgill and get yer grub on!!!!I usually hate Yelp reviews, but now i see why it's important in this case. Frey, needs to get their act together, i'm giving 1 star because the front staff, while very young, I genuinely can tell that they care and want to do well, and all take their jobs seriously. But this restaurant back of house, doesn't take their product nor how to communicate out with their costumers seriously at all. Waited 35 minutes for carry out, and had to listen to staff vent (in the background) on how they make suggestions and feel unheard. I proffessionally support a lot of F&B related businesses, and I've never felt so bad for a crew busting their tails to want to do better for their costumers. OH!!! and the food was subpar. If anything I really hope you listen to your staff, they are your front line & can be your biggest ally. Please do better.This place was very good. I would definitely recommend it for families in the area. I got the pull pork sandwich and I put the big opps on it. It was one of the best pulled porks I have had in a long time. My family enjoyed it too. We came on father's day and my dad thought it was great. The people working here are great and very nice. The only reason I gave it a four was of all the people in line for a seat. We waited 45 minutes for a seat but in all it was great.I wanna note that this was my first time dining and that I ordered take out (I don't like dining solo). I have heard a lot of mixed reviews (and read them) on this place and I can tell they are still working out kinks. For example: I see a lot of reviews about tiny potion size. Apparently someone was either over compensating or just not paying attention when my order was made, because I got an entire to go box of pulled pork with my BBQ plate. I'm not complaining at all, but I would not expect such a generous portion on a single order and it makes me wonder about the consistency of their service and how often they lose out financially on inconsistent portioning, which can ruin a new business. 
       The pork was good. It was juicy and as it should be but, much like I will describe the rest of the meal, it was underwhelming. It's not a memorable or stand out BBQ. The sauce was delicious though. 
       The coleslaw is really salad mix and a little cabbage with mayo, horseradish and pepper. At least that's how it tastes. It's a shameful representation of a classic southern dish. 
       The brussel sprouts were completely flavorless, no seasoning or even salt. They were over roasted but somehow still not tender? I had to add salt to both my sides. I wish I had sprang for some mac n cheese to redeem this meal. 
      They really need to work out the take out system or better train employees. There is no point in having the food waiting at the hostess stand when she has to cash it out at the bar. That makes more work for both of them in the long run and less accommodating to your customers. She took my money and walked away without a word and just stood confused at the bar, holding it out to the bartender. I just turned and walked out, after I wished them a nice day. Had she communicated with me at all I would have told her I didn't need change, and that the extra money she seemed confused when I counted out in front of her was the tip... 
All in all, I think there is less than a 50% chance I will return, and if I do it will be to find out about the $10 shakes and try the mac n cheese. If I want BBQ I have too many more memorable and savory options to chose from.Lower rating for Frey this time around. We were lucky enough to get the same great waitress, Martha (name wrong in last review) . On all other fronts- not so lucky. Food took an alaming amount of time for two sandwiches, and no excuses this time as they were barely busy. 4 servers stood around and seemed as bored as we were waiting and waiting! Our server, who we have had before was attentive, constantly filling our drinks and making small talk but was clearly distressed with how long our food was taken. The food was fine was it appeared but after almost an hour anything would've tasted good. Environment here is good - service people laughing and having fun and letting you in on it! I hate to report back negatively but Frey disappointed this time after such a great experience the first time aroundAt 2pm on a cold and rainy weekday, I stopped in for my second visit to Frey. Again, except for two people sitting at the bar, I was the only customer. I wanted to see if my positive experience the week before would be repeated. Disappointingly, it wasn't.
I asked to sit in the back room and was shown to a small darkly lit table for two in a drafty walkthrough area. Since there were several empty booths available with much better lighting, I let the waitress know that I would prefer to sit in one of them; her response was a "whatever" wave of the hand (-1 star)
I ordered coffee and the Pulled Pork platter again, this time substituting the cabbage side for my previous choice of potato salad. The coffee was stale, not very hot, had obviously been sitting for some time, and was served with milk which didn't improve the taste. When the platter arrived, I noticed that the portion of pulled pork was smaller than on my first visit. It was barely lukewarm, dried out and chewy in comparison to the warm, moist and tender serving I'd previously enjoyed. My impression was that it had either been sitting out for quite a while, or was refrigerated leftovers from the day before, left uncovered and barely reheated.(-1 star)
The brussels sprouts, while lukewarm, were still tasty but the cabbage was cold and smothered in a barely lukewarm brown sauce. I asked for it to be warmed up, but it was returned in pretty much the same state. (-1 star) 
The waitress never asked how everything was - I got the impression I was considered a nuisance. I didn't feel welcomed as a customer to this new business, and was rushed to pay my bill.  When I questioned why I'd been charged for an iced tea rather then coffee, I was told that they "don't have a button for coffee" ..... really?  :(
I was hoping that Frey would be my go-to place for meals and take-out, but won't be returning.My second time here! The ribs are good but I needed a little more spice. Didnt like the potato salad. Pull pork was good! Disappointed that they ran out of biscuits and pork belly on a Friday at noon. Guess I'll have to come back!The salty and the sweet 
First the sweet. The service is fantastic. Everyone is all welcoming smiles and funny, friendly chatty. You just relax when you walk in the door.
But the salt. If you like salt, you'll love it. But ours (we had a burger each)  was salty like they had left the cap off the shaker salty. Like swell your ankles salty. Left our mouths feeling like we'd been playing in the ocean all day. 
Can't speak for the rest of the meats and I'm a little reticent to try them. Maybe after a marathon next time.Excellent BBQ! Ribs and pulled pork amazing! 
Brisket was little fatty. BBQ beans and cornbread very very good.
Very good service. Owners present and were very friendly 
Will return to try burgers!Terrible service. Was there for an hour (people arrived after us and left before us). Food is mediocre but not worth the hassle, kind of bland. Save yourself the trouble and buy a stouffers from the grocery store. Also, wasn't told about happy hour which also pisses me off when you buy more expensive drinks when they have happy hour for a reason. FAIL. Thanks for a seriously disappointing meal.Great BBQ place with a really good and traditional menu with a few wrinkles thrown in like grilled cabbage. I have been twice and enjoyed both meals. The first time I had the brisket sandwich, frites, and coleslaw. The second, I had smoked chicken, brisket, coleslaw and beans. I also had 2 big bites of the pimento cheese burger. All dishes were excellent. The fries may be the best in the city, the coleslaw is spectacular, and the burger rivals any in the area. The great thing about the sandwiches is the bun is not an after thought.  Nice beer list as well. You won't go wrong here.Overall a good experience. The service was great, very prompt but they also give you your space. The BBQ was GREAT, but the sides left a lot to be desired. My friend and I both had the brussel sprouts and Texas Toast, both were pretty bland. Luckily, we shared the Cookie Monster milkshake and it lifted our spirits (and this review back up)!Okay, so the first time we were here they were out of food. Seriously. 7 on a Saturday night- OUT OF FOOD. What? Chalk it up to not being prepared for the large crowd during their first month of business.
Cut to this past weekend and we were here for dinner. It was a 20 minute wait for a table, but we decided to sit at the bar and this was a great choice. I had looked (and drooled) over the menu, so I already knew what I was going to get: the pulled pork platter with potato salad and cole slaw and bacon mac and cheese. Oh yeah, they have 4 kinds of mac and cheese. Hey Frey, my wheelhouse: you're in it.
After a bit of a wait, out came the food and...yeah this looks amazing. No complaints about the pulled pork: it was tasty and juicy and, even though it had a lot of flavor and it didn't need it, I added their delicious sauce to kick it up a notch and made my mouth happy. The cole slaw was...um...salad with mayo on it? I get it, that's basically what cole slaw is, but this was straight up lettuce and mayo. It was a side salad. Just call it a side salad. The potato salad: siiiiigh. I should have switched my side choice when the woman next to us didn't touch her potato salad. It was potatoes and mayo. No frills. No flavor. I'll admit that I am really picky about my potato salad, but this was a disappointment.
Last but not least was the bacon mac and cheese. This was my favorite thing, besides the meat. It was tangy, creamy and perfect and it had pieces of bacon in it. It was heaven in a bowl. Hey Frey, since you serve 4 kinds of mac and cheese, why not make a mac and cheese sampler with a few bites of each kind? That would be amazing.
All in all, my experience here was good and I would return. The bartenders were fast about getting drink and food orders out and I like that there are TVs in the bar are to keep the crowd entertained.Super delicious!  Had the pork belly and ribs, awesome and the corn bread is amazing.  So glad we found this place!This establishment needs to work on their customer service. Upon walking in the restaurant, it seemed empty ...yet we waited about an hour for a table, it was a party of 6. The crazier part was that the  restaurant was basically empty. Food had potential, it was good, but it would've been nicer if it was Warm. The only good part about this visit was our waiter.The food was terrible! I ordered the BLT (really hard to mess up, usually) which was overpriced at $9.50. If it was decent I wouldn't have cared but... Wet cheap, shredded lettuce, resulting in wet "wonder bread" and 2 small pieces of cold, stale bacon and un-ripe tomatoes. Fries were cold and soggy, as well. Never going back.10/10 recommend! Definitely try the brisket chili cheese fries if you're ever here. Laid back vibe on the inside with friendly staff.Great portion size as well as offerings. Most of the traditional bbq meats with solid sides as well. Only thing I thought lacked we're the table sauces, though I did enjoy the mustard style.The food is just not very good. The sides were pretty terrible (mac n cheese, fries, and potato salad). The potato salad in particular was really bad, very watery and tasted only of vinegar. The brisket, Texas toast, and wings weren't that bad but also not great. Probably will not try a second time.It's been a while since I've gone here and it was definitely a great meal! The first few times I went, I didn't love it, so I wasn't in a hurry to go back, but I'm glad we did. 
In the past, I felt like they were often out of different meats early in the night, but this time it was actually late when we went and everything was available. We tried the pork belly appetizer and it definitely didn't disappoint. It was basically pork candy  I had the pulled chicken and it was very tender and cooked to perfection. 
The service at our most recent visit was excellent. The owner also came to check and see how everything was, which always goes a long way. 
A few other things to note. There is a goof sized bar with TVs, so it's a nice place to watch football if you're looking for somewhere. Also, there is ample parking- a huge plus for New Orleans restaurants.The food is really good! We got a mac&cheese burger and fries and it was fantastic! However, the hostess had horrible customer service. Every time she came by, not one word was spoken to us.I would recommend a more friendly group of waitresses if you want people to return.I really really want to like this place.  The only thing that was good was the king cake milkshake.  We waited maybe about 30 minutes for our milkshake and food order.  No idea how that happened.  Our king cake milkshake was delicious.  Food was mediocre at best.  There was hardly any flavor in the food.  We ordered brisket, fried chicken, baked beans, Texas toast, chili cheeseburger, and jalapeño mac n cheese.  The flavor was missing in pretty much everything from the brisket, fried chicken to the Texas toast foodwise.  
The location is great and decor is really nice.  The waitstaff is decent but she disappeared on us a few times.  
Other than that this place is nothing special and I probably won't come back.  Sorry freys.
Pros: decor, waitstaff
Cons: long wait, mediocre foodThe concept and venue is cute and nice to hang and even has some outside seating but the food was ok. Brisket was tender & good. Sausage was a little salty. Potato salad is ok if you're alright with potato skins. Baked Beans was NOT good. Mac and cheese was decent but over rated for it to be a separate entree.Frey was one of my favorite bbq restaurants when it first opened; not anymore. I try it occasionally but today was my last visit. We arrived and was told we would have to wait 25 minutes even though the place was half empty. Later we were seated and placed our order; It took another 45 minutes to receive our food. We ordered Mac n cheese but later were told they were not making it today. So we ordered cheese fries. My girlfriend ordered Sunday brunch. Her Chicken and Waffles which the waffles were a little burnt, dense and dry. She, also, received two small chicken tenders. We were told the French fries would be out shortly. They were delivered to the table next to us and the people at that table brought them to us. They were extremely salty! My cornbread was dry. I will say my ribs were good. My girlfriend had ordered a milkshake to be brought out with her meal. She never received the milkshake and I was not offered a refill on my soda. Our server tried to sell us on coming back for specials during the week. The funny one was to come for a date night and get your girlfriend a milkshake! Really!!! Overall, it was a disappointing meal.Went here this past Sunday the pork belly poppers were soooo good and the pull pork was amazing everything was good except the brisket it was ok the dry side but everything else really was amazingWent there the other day to enjoy some good barbeque. My experience was awful. I sat at the bar, the bartender wasn't even there most of the time, and when he was he was on his phone. When he finally acknowledged me he seemed as if I was annoying him. Maybe he was having a bad day, but he was just rude. Won't go back.The food here is fantastic!! Personally, the smoked chicken with the dry rub is my favorite. The cornbread is heavenly, and the Brussels sprouts are stellar. The baked beans? Meh. The food and the vibe are perfection.
My only critique... the bartenders. I expect a little personality-- they seem overly occupied by the table drink orders, and they don't give me that "hey hey friend" vibe at the bar. My table service was a better experience.Came here on Wednesday for dinner. It was trivia night and it started at 630 so we weren't able to join in. It wasn't crowded. Walked in at 7pm and got seated quickly. We weren't sure if we were suppose to wait to be seated as the host was in the back getting someone's to-go order. The bartender saw us, smiled awkwardly and went back to work without a word to us. At least she could tell us the hostess would be with us or something. Well at least she smiled right? We came here for the coolinary deal. $26 for a 3-course meal. I didn't really see anything I liked or wanted this evening to I ordered the 2 meat platter with Brussels sprouts and potatoe salad. The meats I chose were brisket and pork belly. The pork belly was freaking awesome. Tho the sauces on the table were much to be desired. But it was something I guess. The briskets were dry but with the right sauce, maybe it could've been better. Brussels sprout were prefect and potatoe salad were like any other good potatoe salad. We also ordered the brisket chili cheese fries. Omg. They were good! And yes it has beans in the chili and it was good. Also tried the brisket taquitos. Very appetizing. Bucket of biscuit could have passed on that. Nothing really special other that each was was like 3 regular sized biscuit put together. Share it if you do get it. It wasn't bad. Service was good and very upbeat. She kept coming over and apologized for not taking our order right away but she would be back. We weren't ready so that was fine with us. I liked that she came back often to check tho. So kudos.We went back a couple times.  Everything is still good to very good, if unusual; and that's not bad.
Easy parking once the place is located.  Nice bar with nice bar crowd.
When you get an "envie" (Cajun Hankering) for something a bit different, this place IS IT !
We have added Frey's to our "once a month list", for now.  You should, too!
RickThis place deserves more stars! Absolutely best service we've had anywhere in New Orleans, wish we'd discovered this place a week ago instead of at the end of our trip. Everything we got was awesome, brisket fell apart it was so tender. Edges were perfectly burnt. Pulled pork was great, but definitely try the pulled pork mac!!!!I walked in, no host or bartender present I sat at the bar while a server stared at me. I ordered a beer, the head on the beer went away quickly, the glass wasn't beer clean. The beer didn't web on the side of the glass as it would in a clean glass. My appetizer arrived it was fun it was a tall biscuit. I asked the bartender how they were made he fumbled his way out of answering it being saved by a few other servers. This would be the extent of our conversation. My entree arrived it was mediocrely placed as if the kitchen was in a jail house. I then ate at a leisurely pace while the bartender talked to everyone but me. I felt like he didn't have a personality or maybe just needed some liquor to bring it out of him! Dessert came... it was the best part of my meal a Cookie Monster shake with a cookie and a cupcake! I was on cloud 9 then my overly priced bill for 41.88 arrived. I was like WOW. I don't tip under 30% but this time seeing as I couldn't recall having someone not want me at the bar I gave 24%.The baked beans, bacon pepper jack mac & cheese & Brussels sprouts were delicious!! An order of the smoked white sauce chicken wings- yummo then the combo plate of pulled pork and ribs- fantastic! 4.5 stars if I could- pricing is slightly higher than other bbq places...Also, I ordered uber eats for the first time and I was not disappointed for not eating in the restaurant itself.If you love bbq, this is definitely a place to try. With a large menu of options, there's something for everyone (well at least for meat lovers). I had the beef rib and it was absolutely amazing. A nice large piece of meat that's moist and tender (brisket on steroids)! And the wife had the ribs and daughter had some chicken. The chicken was decent but I prefer the smoked wings at blue oak down the street and the ribs were good but central city bbq's pork rib is slightly better. Honestly, I have a favorite meat at each location. No one is going to be the best at everything. But I would eat here again. The ladies were polite. The building was clean and the food was good!We've only lived in the city for a month but have already been here 4 times. Highlights have been their pulled pork, some of the best I've ever had, and their wings. Also highly recommend their sausage app and pork belly app. Service has been great on all our visits. We usually sit at the bar and the bartenders are friendly and attentive and make great conversation. They have a decent beer selection, wide range of tastes to satisfy all. Recently we've started watching Saints games here and it's been very enjoyable. Love the atmosphere and the decor is perfect!Horrible experience. First, showed up and noticed half of the tables empty but was still told it would be a 30 min wait for 2 people! We sat at an empty table in the front bar portion of the restaurant waiting for our "name" to be called. Poor communication at the young girl who was hostess was completely frazzled and overwhelmed the entire time. There was no organization. After waiting for 20 min we went to ask why we couldn't just eat at an empty table, and she responded by saying the bartender didn't want to serve any tables today. Are you serious?? So we waited another 25 min at the empty table (45 min total) before our name was finally called. We sat down and ordered. We then waited nearly an hour for our food to arrive, which was ridiculous! Then the best part is, the food came out cold! Like it had been sitting out for the majority of the day! This was unacceptable. We told the server after finally tracking her down. We left with an overall TERRIBLE experience. Highly do not recommend. The interior of the restaurant has the potential to be a good eatery, but the service and food quality was horrendous!Is Nola becoming a bbq destination?  Not judging by this spot. I ordered the brisket sandwich. The meat wasn't too bad. But in bbq that is only the first hurdle. The thick sticky sauce that came on the side had little trace of spice and no acidic component.  So sweet!  Like hoisin. Maybe better as a pie filling. The potato salad was a few chunks of potato lost in white, dead white, mayo with little other flavor.  Like chugging Blue Plate. 
  The tastemakers here need to go on another bbq research trip around the sauce, bring a notebook and try to steal some recipes. Or better, pick up a copy of "Smokestack Lightning " and go to the recipes in the back of the bookJust want to lead off, service was great and wait staff were very friendly. 
I don't know what the worst part of our food experience was but I'll list them out...
1) Half of the food came out cooler than lukewarm
2) None of the food had any basic seasoning...everything immediately needed salt and pepper
3) Despite a bunch of cool food, we only sent back the brussel sprouts...they were somehow charred but cold...leftovers maybe? We didn't receive them back until after the bill was paid and it appeared they took the same ones, threw them in a pan with a bunch of oil, and basically burned the outer parts and left the oil in the cup...somehow was still warm at best
4) Burger had great bun to meat ratio; however, meat was dry and lacked basic seasoning
5) Mac and cheese was very disappointing...very floury and not worth the price
6) BBQ sauce options were extremely disappointing...we ended up mixing a couple of them and it turned out ok.
All in all, I guess that's what you get going to a modern bbq joint...I'm only giving this place a 2 because the food was good.. service just okay, the restaurant was empty when I walked in the bartender and the host were standing talking, nobody said "hello" I sat at the bar and a guy walked in and sat at the bar unfortunately the bartender and kitchen staff were on the other side of the bar talking about cars so the guy left.. I wouldn't come back because of the service... how do you give horrible service in a empty restaurant??  I don't understandA friend told me about the King Cake Shake they serve here with a piece of Dong Phuong king cake garnished in the top. Once I came I was surprised with how great the St. Louis ribs were and my gosh those Brussels sprouts were amazing!!! I loved it and am back again for another taste. I highly recommend checking it out. You won't be disappointed.We went here primarily for the milkshakes but I wanted to try the food too since I'd never eaten there before. Staff and service were great. Husband and I shared the 3 meat entree. Brisket and pulled pork were good, the smoked chicken was dry. We really liked the cornbread. We of course had to try the bacon and pepper jack macaroni which did not disappoint. My kid really loved her burger with Mac on it. They were even willing to substitute the jalapeño macaroni on her burger for pulled pork macaroni at no extra charge. The milkshakes were very good. We were just disappointed that they didn't have any cupcakes or cookies and cream ice cream for the Cookie Monster Shake. Was kinda wanting the full experience with the milkshakes since we came from the westbank to try it. (Especially since they're $10 a milkshake).The BBQ was good, but the atmosphere was better. The milkshakes are so cool (and surprisingly affordable). I would say that everyone needs to try the pulled pork Mac and cheese because we ordered a little of everything and it was by far the single best bite that we tried. It was lick-the-bowl good!I ordered a fried chicken sandwich, jalepeno Mac n cheese, and potato salad. The delivery was fast and friendly. The sandwich was great. The Mac n cheese is super fantastic, but if you have jalepenos at home just add your own. Potato salad tasted... Grainy for lack of a better word. 
My biggest issue is the portion sizes for what I paid. I got a small scoop of -disliked- potato salad and paid $5. $8 for a slightly larger side of Mac. The sandwich was appropriate to price (fries are delicious). 
This is a good place, just be prepared for small portionsI had a hard time writing this review, which is why I waited days before writing it. I was always taught that, if you have nothing right to say, don't say anything at all. The fact is, while there is room for improvement,  I do have nice things to day. A lot of nice things... I also know that sharing your experience gives management an opportunity to become aware of potential issues and work to remedy them. I also know that a harsh and unfair review can have a devastating effect on a business and bring down employees. In that vein, I choose my words carefully and positively.
First off, I am a HUGE fan of Chef Ray. Many a paychecks have gone to Rue 127 (money well spent), so I was super excited to try Frey.
We went at lunch and they were packed! (Good on them!). And just the smell made me more hungry. We opted to sit outside (great choice) and ordered the pork belly poppers. Amazing, fatty pork belly rolled in a jalapeno jelly. My  lunch partner moaned with delight at her first bite. My first bite....was ice cold. My next bite was warmish. It seems like maybe an old and new batch were likely combined as her first bite was piping hot.  You certainly dont want cold pork belly but I can tell you that the flavors were so good. I imagine it is super awesome...when it's hot. 
We split the three meat platter. Pork ribs, smoked chicken and brisket. The meat flavors were spot on! We also ordered brussel sprouts, charred and delicious, and definitely make a top 10 of bests in the city (that I have had anyway). And we had the spicy grilled cabbage. It was tasy but seemed to be tossed in some sort of mayo or dijon based sauce, which I didnt expect and let my friend finish that off. However, we did get seconds on the sprouts. 
I ordered black coffee to end my meal and were told they were out of coffee. Forgiveable, and certainly didnt ruin the experience. Now I did not order dessert but the person next to us did. It seems the milkshakes are a big deal here so I couldnt oass up the opportunity to grab a pic of the Cookie Monster next to us (thanks to the Barman's Fund dude who allowed as much). 
In short: food tastes excellent. More attention needed on expo so that delicious apps like the pork belly poppers are served at the correct temperature, service was (very) slow but enthusiastic and friendly when she was there. Refills (my pet peeve) were slowish but whenever our server appeared at the table, she always came with a tea and water pitcher. I truly believe that they got slammed but that she was always aware of what was needed and where.
Maybe one day, I will look back at this review and think.... there WAS a day at Freys where we didnt have to stand in line for hours. I could see that happening. Just some details that need to be ironed out. 
At this point, go when you have extra time. It was definitely a long wait for food to arrive. 
I will most definitely be back as I have no doubt this will be tightened up soon. Should you go? You would be denying yourself some seriously good grub, in a very fun spot, if you don't!Poor experience.  I left feeling gouged. Food and drink prices were ridiculous for a casual BBQ place.  My $13 fried chicken sandwich was little more than appetizer sized (completely covered by bun) and we paid $7 for canebreak and $9 for a what waitress described as a "pale ale" (really imperial IPA).  If you're going to charge that much for draft beer you should a) describe it correctly and b) give customers an idea of prices - draft beer prices were not listed on menu.  Bottled/can beer prices were listed and normal. I talked to manager and told her I thought prices were unfair but she didn't budge.  Won't be going backSo far, I've been here once, and it was a very pleasant experience all around. 
Key ingredients: really pleasant, communicative service; really good food; really decent beer selection. 
Our server was very pleasant, and since it was late on a Jazz Fest weekend, he informed us of some minor items that weren't available. 
We enjoyed chatting with him, but he certainly did not hover or impose upon our experience. My date actually commented that he could be a waiter at a fine dining, upscale restaurant.
We ordered sandwiches--the fried chicken sandwich and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were really, really good. The chicken was very juicy without being greasy. 
The fries were very good. 
We also got a side of the bacon, pepper jack mac n cheese, and it was delicious (and the fries were great with this).
We ate more than we wanted, and we felt very relaxed and very satisfied the entire time. What else do you want?
We look forward to more trips here.Bbq is not to be messed with, and they do it right here!  Split the 2 meat (ribs and pulled pork) with corn bread and potato salad. The sauces are perfect and the drinks were great too! I will definitely take out for games and also come back for dinner. There are many different choices for all tastes of bbq. Even my south Georgia buddy loved the ribs!This place was pretty good for our family group to catch some bbq. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because my brisket was a bit on the dry side. Everyone else seemed to really love their meals and the service was great as well. They were having trivia night when we went which was on a Tuesday and it seemed like people wanted us to not talk which was a little odd. I will definitely be back to give it another shot and order something else.I made a yelp account JUST to make a review; i ordered for pickup because The joint is closed on Sundays.. I've honestly bought better BBQ at windixie. This is THE most tasteless experience I have endured. I only ate my BBQ pulled pork because i paid a ridiculous amount of money for bland over priced garabage. Not a single item I bought had any amount of flavor or thought put into preparing. The smoked chicken was like they just placed a raw chicken in a smoker and left it to smoke for 8 hours. No care no . If i could give this place 0 stars i would. What an absolute waste of time and money; my breakfast ceral seems more satisfying then this shit show. I would NEVER go back to a chain BBQ resturant againHard to ask for more than good company, beautiful weather, biscuits with honey butter, and fried ribs. Don't forget to check out @freysmokedmeatco for brunch from 9-2 on Sundays.