Excellent music, great cocktails. 
Seating was a little tight, but at least you can take a seat with great proximity to awesome performances.Great ambiance, less bro-y than the rest of the bars on bourbon.  Solid live band, good service. Had one of the best sazeracs here.This is a great place to listen to jazz.  Very good music. Great band.Music is amazing!! The ambiance is cozy and festive with the Christmas lights.  I love the decor and the Old style jazz music is perfect for the occasion!! Def coming back here!!!Let's get the biggest problem out of the way. Drink prices. Yes. They're high. But this place is on Bourbon Street! What else do you expect!?
What you WON'T expect is that this little building is a glittering jewel of class and excellent music in the middle of all the loud twerk noise and blithering drunks walking the street!
When you walk in, your beautiful hostess will try her best to seat you where you wish, but if you have no preference, she will seat you as close as she can to the band anyway. It is pretty close quarters in there, especially in the area closest to the band, but you're in there to have fun and actually enjoy that good music and company and get involved with the band and those around you. It's not like a club where you sit tight and ignore everything going on except in your immediate space. No, no, no, talk to the person next to you, engage the band and most of all, enjoy the hell out of that good old dixieland jazz!
Dixieland jazz is NOT the crappy slow paced Kenny G jizz you people listen to today. It's fast paced, makes you want to get up and dance (though, the signs say not to!), clap your hands and tap your feet!
The Fritzel's Jazz band does change it's lineup from time to time, but you get to know those guys and they get to know you. For me,  when I see that blonde dude on the piano rockin his socks off and the hat wearing banjo player in suspenders along with the bald clarinet player with glasses on the stage, I KNOW  it's gonna be a fun night. I could EASILY spend my entire night in this place, no matter how many times I've heard the songs or seen them perform, but..... them prices and my friends won't let me. Correction: it's mostly my friends. ;)
The beer is rather pricey, but again, hey, you're on Bourbon street, man. But it's not like you're getting a cheapo beer in a plastic cup and told to deal with it. There's a strong German heritage with this building, so get yourself a Warsteiner and they'll serve it to you in an actual Warsteiner glass. If you get Sam Adams, you'll get it in a nice Sam Adams glass as well.  I don't know about any other beers they serve, I hardly ever drink those brands.
Even if the prices are enough to normally keep you way, please, don't let that scare you off. There's only a one drink minimum, so go inside, sit down and get cozy and comfortable, order what you like and enjoy as much of that good music as you can before your boring and annoying friends drag you out of there so they can go to Cat's Meow or some other crappy club down Bourbon.
Here is some advice for you. Buy at least one of their CD's. It's good. I listen to a LOT of dixieland jazz artists from as far back as the 20's and the Fritzel's band's recordings are damn good. If you return to New Orleans in the future, you're gonna want to go back and get another CD, I promise you. Also, there is a nice courtyard in the back of the building if it gets a bit stuffy in there for you.
In conclusion: I love this place. You will to. It WILL become one of your fondest memories of your visit to New Orleans, and even if you're a local, it WILL become one of your stops when you decide to party for a night or two or the weekend in the quarter.Music was amazing best pure jazz I heard on Bourbon st! However atmosphere a bit too crammed and service was rushed but when a place is that busy what else is to be expected.Great band. The place is old and gross, the drinks are overpriced and so so, but the music is great. And it might be the only place on bourbon street that actually plays legit jazz musicMy husband and I had a long philosophical discussion on what the word "touristy" meant after seeing the Jumbo Shrimp Jazz Band here on a Sunday night. We both concurred that "touristy" does not in fact exclude something from being both fun and genuine. So, Yelp seeker of the non-touristy and cool, put your cynicism aside about the Bourbon Street address and enjoy a really great show. Sure, it's all tourists in there, but who cares? Everyone is a tourist somewhere. Woulda been 5 stars if not for the Bourbon Street prices of $7 Abita, but I can't put ALL my cynicism away...then I wouldn't be me.Frizel's is an anomaly on Bourbon Street. We had no idea that the French Quarter was going to be such a frat party. But, nearing the end of Bourbon Street, we heard some great jazz and stumbled inside Fritzel's. A woman in a red coat and beret walked us to picnic style seats in the packed room. Not recommended for the claustrophobic.
No cover. Great jazz. A few Belgium and German beers on draft.
If someone says there are no hip places on Bourbon street, they obviously haven't been to Fritzel's.For the music a 5 the rest that goes with it a 2 or 3.
The band plays feel good jazz music that will get your toes to tapping. I could listen to the band all night.
However, people are literally jammed into any small spot on benches or chairs in the music room.
The wait staff are not the most friendly in the world but I put up with them and the cramped conditions to hear the music. I can't prove it but I believe they "forgot" to give me enough change when I paid for drinks, which you pay for drinks for each session.We've been to NOLA a few times and my absolute favorite place to be on any given night is Fritzel's. It gets crowded and hot in the spring and summer but it's so worth it. The musicians they showcase are incredibly talented and will convert anyone into a jazz fan. If you happen to be in the city during jazz fest, it's a must to stop at Fritzel's, the energy here is something you can only find in NOLA.While you can definitely find cheaper drinks on bourbon street, I seriously doubt you'll find better jazz. Both times I went during my stay in New Orleans I was extremely impressed by the caliber of musician playing in Fritzels. The ambiance is fantastic, but unlike most other places on the street, the decor is not more important than musical talent.I was here during Mardi Gras. And somehow, during Mardi Gras, we couldn't find many clubs playing jazz on Bourbon street. I think this is the only one. Maybe there were other places. But this was the only place we could find right then. The restaurant got their own band playing. And they're good. I think the pianist' name was Richard Scott. You should listen him playing. You won't be disappointed. Too bad you're not allowed to dance here. The place is very small and it's always crowded.This place was awesome. The jazz was great and the ambiance was right up my alley. The only downside is that it is a pretty intimate space so you kind of have to get there early to get a spot for the headliner band. Also, it's one drink minimum per person per set.Music was decent this evening but I'm docking it because like most of the places on bourbon, the drinks are overpriced. The set up of the pub was nice enough but my man beef with this place is the bartenders have to be the most unhappy people in NOLA. I don't think one of them cracked a legitimate smile while I was there.
Still, the music seems to be pretty good here.Excellent club! 
For management: Ann is a terrible waitress, very rude exceptionally unfriendly. Told three couple to leave because they paid for two drinks and ordered only one. 
Arrived two minutes before the end of the set and right at the beginning of the next one threatened to kick us out if we don't order the next round. 
The hostess was yelled at by one of the three couple kicked out and he was rightfully upset, unfortunately wrong person got the heat. Ann(short lady with black curly hair, sort of Asian looking eyes) needs to be spoken to or let go. Reputation of a great jazz club is being ruined by her.Amongst the madness of Bourbon St on a Friday night we found this great little jazz club with a fantastic band; a nice refuge and step back in time.  Loved it :)We wandered in to Fritzel's without any idea what to expect and we were blown away by the Band. Best jazz we found in the French Quarter. Better than Preservation Hall!  The have a full bar and "pizza cones" which are hand held cone shaped pizzas.
The band plays in a relatively a small room but plenty of seating and we had no trouble finding a seat on New Years Eve! There is also a courtyard in the back if you need to escape for fresh air and this is where you buy the pizza cones and find the restrooms. 
Best kept secret in the Quarter.  A must do!Truly a NOLA experience.  We enjoyed the music, service was ok... but the beer was good and again the music is why you should experience frizel's!  I bought a couple of CD's and most of the band signed them.  The piano player was amazing and truly this made our last night in New Orleans fabulous.This place has all of the New Orleans charm you could ever expect. The drinks are good, the servers are VERY attentive (even during the busiest nights) and the music just blew me away! I enjoyed it so much that I ended up stopping here three out of the four nights I spent in NOLA.So many of my preconceptions busted by this town. I don't like cooked oysters. Well I love NO cooked oysters. I don't like jazz. Well turns out I really like this old time Jazz from here with trumpets! I love it. So we came here bc my colleagues wanted a real experience and didn't want to stand at preservation hall. This place has seats and also serves drinks and the band is within arms length. They play like a 30-45 minute set which is just long enough and take requests. I was glad I went. I won't go again if I'm there bc let's face it I don't love jazz that much. But I was able to appreciate the talent of these musicians so much more than I could with modern jazz. It was quite enjoyable. Love being a tourist!Our favorite venue in Nola! Always great music and the service is top notch!  Hidden gem on bourbon street!This joint on Bourbon street is the German claim to this part of the party strip. Another good live Jazz place, cozy, crowded and with little space it really does feel very European. The best part? Warsteiner vom Fass (on draft) even served in a authentic glass... in Germany about all breweries supply serving glasses with their logo to all bars, so are most likely to drink a Warsteiner beer out of a Warsteiner glass, a Sam Adams out of a Sam Adams glass and so forth...
The fireplace with some German regalia and declarations adds to the overall flair. 
I only stayed for drinks and music, both were excellent. I would certainly come back to this little place, located towards the end of the active Bourbon street. Zum Wohl!Heard the house band and they were terrific! A great place for jazz right on Bourbon Street.You want live jazz? This is by far a great place to stop by if your from out of town.  The decor is reminiscent of a prohibition style bar.  Couple that with the live music and you got a place I want to have a beer at.This intimate club is one of the coolest spots on Bourbon Street, serving up fantastic music and great drinks with no cover charge. Get there early, grab a seat at the bar or on one of the benches down front, and enjoy some of the best jazz in the French Quarter.We came to Fritzels on a Saturday night in Dec, looking for "Dixieland Jazz" music for my mum. We arrived just at the end of a set and so had to wait about 20-30 minutes for the next jazz group to arrive and set up. We were not disappointed! The music was great and we were able to grab seats up at the front. There's a 1 drink minimum per set but I don't recall the drinks being expensive. No cover but they pass around a bucket to throw some bills in to support the musicians. It's small and quite crowded but a fabulous atmosphere all around. I would highly recommend it!Oh, Fritzel's.  If I could convince my parents to remodel their basement bar after your bar and book The Jumbo Shrimp Jazz Band five nights a week, I would (and I would visit my folks more often; everybody wins!).
To paraphrase Cynthia McFine, you've got charisma.The place is small but yet cozy. This is one of only a few places on Bourbon Street that does not allow "outside" drinks inside their place. That is okay. I finished my drink and sat by the bar and ordered another mojito! 
This is one of the few places that still has live jazz. It was great and due to the place being small, the music sounded even better. 
I don't quite remember the price of the drinks, but I would say that it was about $8 for the mojito. There is no cover charge but I am pretty sure there is at least a one drink minimum. if you don't drink you can always order an overpriced coke and listened to great jazz! 
It was a very good experience and I will make sure to come back on my next vacation to wonderful New Orleans!It is what it is: Kind of a dark, quiet bar, at least before 9pm. But you know what? $4 liters of decent beer in a dark, remote corner is sometimes the best thing to be found on Bourbon. If you find yourself in need of a slight shift in gears from $5 bottomless daiquiris and jello shots, just stop here, have a drink, and collect yourself.Great music!  Great drinks!  Wonderful service and waitresses!!  Nice quieter bar and music in s crazy place.With only the hope of listening to some great music I strolled in and sat at the front of the stage (well ahead of showtime). The crowd slowly rolled in between 8:30 and 9. The small venue became lively with what was obviously a "locals" crowd. Once the band began you quickly became enthralled in what was going on. A band that was there to take you back to the old days (possibly better days) of New Orleans. The crowd cheers with every solo and enjoyable tone produced. Beer is your best bet as your in an European style jazz bar. With the possibility of a guest sit in (as in this night) you will truly be planted in your seat, ready to throw a $20 or two into the tip jar.An oasis in the middle of Bourbon street madness. Cute live music venue that looks like a tiny German beer hall. Great music and no cover charge. If you can find a seat, stay a while and enjoy!My favorite place for jazz music in New Orleans! It's quite different than the rest of bourbon street, very intimate and classy with wonderful, old school jazz music. It is pretty small so you need to get there early to get a seat. We will always spend at least one evening here on any trip to New Orleans!What a great place to catch live jazz.  Get there early for good seats, because it's just a small place.  One drink minimum, no charge for the music, but a tip jar is passed around; the music is definitely worth any amount you wish to tip.  No food, just great jazz and drinks - and being up close with the band.  Tom Fischer (clarinet), Richard Scott (piano and vocals), Brad Turby. (bass) and I'm sorry, but I forget the excellent drummer/vocalist, were playing the nights we were there.  Very Excellent!!Really enjoyed my time there. The bartender who was working was exactly the friendliest person, but it was a busy night and with tourists constantly being around... eh, I get it. Other than that, the band was amazing, the lighting makes it a cool place to sit and chill and the drinks were good. Would highly recommend to another person.Spent 6 days in NOLA. Went to Fritzel's 2 seperate nights. 2 best nights I had were spent here. LOVE THIS PLACE. The music and atmosphere is fantastic. Absolutely as good as it gets!This place has my favorite beer that is seemingly rare in the states. Live music is always fun and the community seating makes for a great way to get entertained! I'll be back!Thanks to Fritzel's for holding out against the lame karaoke or ultra-uber-blues blaring out of every other bar on this stretch of Bourbon. Saw a classy quartet on a Sun night. The drinks are pricier than other bars in the area, but worth it for some jazzy tranquility.The bar is good, but nothing special. Their jazz daiquiri was very popular with my wife. I stuck to bourbon. 
The real reason to come here is for the music. This place has the best jazz on Bourbon Street. We've spent a few days looking for good jazz and this is the place. I'm sure there are other places throughout the city to find great jazz, but Fritzel's seems to be the only place on Bourbon. 
Definitely come in after 9pm and have a drink or two early in the evening.This was my favorite live music place on my last NoLa trip. I love the vintage feeling, like stepping back in time. Even the hostess dressed in 30s style clothes. Great music and not trashy like a lot of other Bourbon St. places.Solid jazz place on Bourbon St. Probably the best jazz option on bourbon st as others have noted. Small venue. Cocktails are on the sweater side, so if that isn't your cup of tea, I'd suggest going with a beer instead for your one drink minimum. 
On my visit, customers were on the older side (more white hair than any other color) and a fair number of foreigners, which was a surprise since I rarely came across them anywhere else in NOLA. In other words, not your standard Bourbon St. venue crowd (thankfully!).Great music,  good drinks,  nice atmosphere.  All the essentials to a good time.  Worth a visit for sure.My friend found this place by chance and we were so glad she did. An oasis on Bourbon St. 
It was cold and rainy out so we got some hot drinks and listened to their live jazz band. Service was quick, not too suffocating. 
Second time we went back was more of a disappointment. The bar was noticeably emptier so the waitstaff was getting really pushy. My friends who didn't want to drink alcohol had to order $5 ginger ales and our alcoholic drinks cost $11 each. They kept coming back asking if we were ready for another round and we kept saying no. 
Fritzels is good when it is busy and the waitstaff have a bunch of other patrons to tend to.Great music! We wanted to enjoy the real NOLA experience on Bourbon Street so we popped in here on our first night in town. It was great! We loved the music and stayed all night just to hear some great Louis blues.
Pros: excellent music, fun jazzy atmosphere, no cover!
Cons: slightly pushy waitstaff/hostess, higher drink pricesWe never miss this place. Great music, stuffed to the max and everyone is friendly. An authentic experience.  No cover have to buy a couple of drinks.Recommended by a local, it did not disappoint. The house band on Saturday night was amazingly talented. If Bourbon is not your thing (like me) it's worth fighting through it to hang at Fritzel's for the night. Great old Nola charm.IMHO...best "hidden gem" for Jazz on Bourbon Street. I almost don't want to tell people about this place. No frills, just great music.Completely enchanting and magical. This place was incredibly cozy and let you be up and close to the amazing jazz performers.It has been 20+ years since I visited NOLA, I was expecting the old good times as back then. I was disappointed that it has changed a lot in the jazz scenes. However, we were so glad to find Fritzel's to hear authentic jazz on July 3, 2017. Richard Piano Scott had incredible voice with excellent piano skills, the Bass Nobu Ozaki was awesome, Charlie Fardella on trumpet gave us the good old time jazz scene, the drummer was great, too. We enjoyed the great music. Thank you, Fritzel's!Small cozy dive bar. The stage in the back is surrounded with chairs. A hostess directed available seats. No cover but one drink minimum for the audience. A chill place for live jazz and the band welcomed requests.The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because they allow smoking.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this place. It was my first time in New Orleans and the first time on Bourbon  St. 
It was definitely an amazing experience. 
I felt liked I walked into a another world, another country. 
I highly recommend checking this place out.
This is a must on Bourdon St!I loved this place!  The music drew us in and a group leaving just about the same time assurred we could stay!  Great spot for music and local flavor, once you've walked the strip, pop in for a few sets before you go back to battling the stanky crowds on Bourbon St.Great music, great environment. I made my second trip to Fritzel's this past weekend and enjoyed it almost as much the second time (I personally enjoyed the band a little more during my first visit). There's no cover charge, but you're obligated (by policy or by conscious... I'm not sure) to buy a drink each set.
Reasonable drink prices, especially for having paid no cover to hear & see some excellent jazz. $4 to $6 for beer, $8 for one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in recent memory. They also had a full bar and other stuff to choose from.
Seats range from the bar at the front of the pub up to bumping you knees against the stage at the back of the pub. Wait staff is friendly and helpful, as is the beautiful hostess. Definitely a "must see" if you're into good music and comradery with like minded people. No frat boys puking and screaming shirtless girls in this place!
Be sure to check out the different bands- they are all unique. Daily shows at 7 and 9pm. The 9pm show goes all night.We visited Fritzel's several times during a recent week in New Orleans. It's small and intimate, and the house band fills up the space with terrific, full tunes. You simply can't do any better. They're nearly always playing, always good. No cover, but you'll  required to buy a drink, and you'll want to tip the band when they're done. Fantastic place, great time. Absolutely perfect.We were just walking around at Mardi Gras and heard some amazing music inside this bar. So we got a set literally across the tiny stage where the band was playing. We ordered drinks and began to enjoy some really authentic NOLA jazz band. Very small bar but really cool atmosphere. Sitting in this bar listening to jazz was one of our favorite moments of Mardi Gras. I would definitely visit this bar again when I go back to NOLA.The one place on bourbon st where you can count on some true classic new orleans jazz. Seriously icing on the cake to your New Orleans experience. Such a fun spot! Richard "Piano" Scott was awesome- almost like a mix of Jelly Roll Morton and Louis Armstrong. Also can't discount Tom Fischer jamming on the clarinet... just altogether this place and energy is fantastic.Great traditional jazz right on Bourbon st.; the band was fantastic. Bartender was doing a Harold Lloyd impersonation; I guess I'd have nothing to say at 2am on Sat night if I had to work the bar. Not much jazz left on Bourbon St, and this place is worth paying a visit. Good, cold German beer on tap.My girlfriend found this place online. I was skeptical but after about 2 mins of hearing the house band my feet were tapping and i was tipping AND buying cd's! A definite must stop on bourbon st. Dont go for the drinks, go for the music.... But buy a drink cause' you have to. One drink minimum and all.New Orleans: birthplace of jazz and blues. So whyisit that most bars on Bourbon Street with live music resort to lame cover bands? Luckily, we heard the brass, bass, piano and drums emanating from Fritzel's and it cut right through the sonic clutter - it was exactly the slice of this city I was hoping to find. A dingy, dimly lit pub with cramped seating around a tiny bandstand, patrons watching in slighty to fully inebriated awe as a quintet of tight musicians play the hell out of their instruments. They swaggered into "Down in New Orleans" and I was in full swoon. The place exudes character and charm, and if you can tolerate cramped quarters, sitting with strangers and some cigarette smoke, you're going to be thrilled you stopped in. (Yes, they're going to pass around the tip jar for the band. Put some money in there, dummy. This is sort of how this deal works.)yes, this hit the spot.. if you like the old style jazz. We heard Fats Waller, Louis Armstrong, Jerry Roll Mortan, Louus Prima and the ol stuff u wanna listen to, if you are over 40. Very nice place to relax.Excellent music and nice ambiance. The staff was polite and the intimacy of the small venue was perfect for date night. There is no dancing so the crowd is all focused on the music.Excellent venue for French Quarter Fest. Lots of seating and a patio. Generic bar selection but fast and friendly service.I don't know if this is "tourist trap" but I'm more than happy to be trapped here. Right on Bourbon Street, it's a small intimate place with an old world feel. There was a hostess who greeted at the door and led people to open seats (and to make sure you order a drink or two). We were lucky to see 2 empty bar stools right by the door so we sat ourselves. It was a Sunday night, but the place was full. I didn't get the band's name, and I have a feeling it's a "house band" but they sounded great. 
Drinks are not exactly cheap - 2 drinks (1 cocktail and 1 beer) came to $17.50. But with no cover, I think it is a fair deal. 
While French Quarter isn't known for their music offering, this is a great spot without too far of a walk. Of course next time I'll definitely venture into Frenchmen Street area for more music venues.The drinks were a little steep for the price.  Definitely a bottled beer place, avoid the tap and any cocktail.  Unfortunately, the two nights we went this trip had disappointing jazz music, but I've been more lucky in the past.  It is definitely worth stopping by while you are on Bourbon St, but definitely hit Frenchman if you want the real stuff!Room oozes history. Maybe the best place on Bourbon to hear traditional jazz left. We always go here, but didn't catch live music this time... But we perched at the bar and heard some really ace old jazz music on the speakers. I have great memories of seeing Jacques Gauthie there, John Royen, more+. The ash trays on the table make this a hard room for asthmatics at time... Especially if the stride pianist is smoking a cigar, as is customary. LOVE IT!!One of my must stops while in town. Great jazz on Bourbon St.  One of the best bands in town! Great price, 1 drink minimum, lot of fun. Buy a CD, See you thereThe music is the best! Can stay there from 6pm to midnight. Richard Scott is the best!One of the few great places on bourbon st! It's really a different world, once you get in. Great music, has super energy. Drinks are good, their coffee drinks are worth a try! Very good service.. I'd always come here if in Nola!Love it! Great music and the seating was decent. I think they call it "European Jazz" bar, which I think is lovely. A nice gem despite being on Bourbon St. Also, it's only a one-drink minimum per set. Overall, it's comfortable, fun, and worth a visit!a great place to listen to "real" jazz with civilized people.
totally agree with Christa C.'s review.Hands down the best place for live jazz in the French quarter. Always a variety of talent from across the globe. People who work there are crazy nice and the drinks flow nicely.The music was some of the best we heard on Bourbon Street.  Much better than the cover bands up the street.
The seating and overall atmosphere is disgusting.  They cram people in to the point of uncomfortable and demand you buy a drink, $9 for a beer, immediately.  
The "hostess" showed us to two filthy stained fabric padded chairs and I said "there is no way I'm sitting on that", so we sat on a wooden bench with no back.
A huge cockroach was wandering around and the waitress shrugged, stomped on it, and kicked it under the table.  Needless to say, I ordered a drink that came from a bottle!
A bartender walked by with two 6-packs of bottled beer and the bottom fell out of one 6-packs and they shattered, my dress was covered in beer and my sandals had glass all over them.  He asked "are you ok" and kept walking.  I'm not sure what I expected, but it wasn't that.  
The music was exceptional, but I won't go back.  I'll head to Frenchmen Street (Spotted Cat, Blue Nike, dba).Fritzel's is a nice jazz bar. Quick service. The people who are complaining about drink prices must not come from big cities. $7.50 for a beer in NYC is typical - and you don't usually get a show included for that price. Fritzel's did not even charge a cover charge during Mardi Gras, so I ask these people who complain about prices - would you rather a $20 cover charge or a 1 drink minimum? Did you expect to see a great show for free? Stop being a cheapskate and spend your money. The performers and the bar need to pay their bills somehow. If you don't want to pay for service, then stay home. For the record, often jazz clubs in New York charge a cover AND a two drink minimum.....so you might not want to visit my state if you are a cheapskate. Happy listening y'all!Fritzle's was recommended to us by a nice couple while at 3Muses on Frenchmen Street.  Glad we went to Fritzel's.  Traditional Jazz with great cocktails and a super cool vibe.  I'm biased because I love the NOLA! 
WhoDAT!I think the review by Marissa L on 9/30/13 is right on the money. She described it perfectly, but I will add a few words...
My husband and I were looking for pure authentic jazz entertainment during Xmas week and although there are LOTS of bars and clubs on Bourbon Street, many of them, sadly, are like spring break college bars blasting rock and roll and even have live cover bands, but who wants to hear Jimmy Buffet covers when you're in NOLA???
This place was one of the few we found that had a 4 piece Jazz ensemble xmas week. Nice small hole in the wall. We had to wait a set or two before we could come in and get a seat. It was full. Tight. Seats maybe 50. No cover was a plus, 1 drink min was reasonable, but not when I wanted a water and they charged my $5 for a small bottle! That was a totally lame move.
However, I would still highly recommend it. It's on the outer end of Bourbon street which is good, because it wasn't jam packed with crowds the way it might be if it was in the CENTER of Bourbon Street.Come here for the music, great house band with intimate seating that let's you really feel the music. 
However, being crammed into a tight space with multiple people sharing a small bench does not make a great bar. Also, since they don't charge a cover, drinks (one-drink minimum) are overpriced.
Great place to warm up with great Jazz before going to Preservation Hall.Talk about getting lucky. We were just strolling down bourbon street and noticed the sign. I looked in to see what it was about and noticed they had a jazz band so we went it since it was on $5 cover....WOW what an awesome jazz band they were. The trombone player was off the wall crazy good and the singer was spot on. I was singing down in new orleans for days. The bar it self was kind of small but thanks to some neat stadium style bar seating it wasnt jammed in all. We wound up staying and having fun for hours. One of my favorite things from oir NOLA vacation.This little hole in wall bar smells like a ashtray, charges $5 for a bottle of Kirkland Costco bottled water and is kind of shitty inside. But what it lacks in ambiance, clean air, and free water it more than makes up for with amazing music. The live jazz band we caught on a Saturday night was really fantastic. Seating is tight and you're crammed in there, but the music was wonderful! No cover so I guess my $5 bottled water is helping to pay for the music (which I would gladly pay for). 
I'm not a fan of seedy Bourbon St, but Fritzel's was a gem (a seedy smoky gem, but a gem nonetheless) for giving us some truly fantastic music!The place to go if you are bent on listening to live music in the French quarter. Warsteiner on tap is a plus.If Bourbon Street is not your thing, but jazz is, walk through the drunks and go to this place. I promise you will be glad you did!I'm all for a minimum drink purchase requirement in a place with no cover and good music.  However, I was turned off when I was told I would need to immediately purchase that drink.  Having been visiting other locations of Bourbon, I ,of course, already had a nearly full drink.  I offered to put a card down to ensure I purchased the minimum before I left, but was told that wouldn't work. So what to do, order a drink and allow it to get warm or move on.  There is plenty of good music in Nola, so didn't hesitate to move on...Such a fun hole-in-the-wall that is a completely different world than the nonstop drunken revelry that is Bourbon Street. It is quite tiny and the drinks are expensive, though no more so than anywhere else in the neighborhood. It was a blast! I'm glad we didn't go there the first night of our trip to New Orleans, or we probably wouldn't have gone anywhere else.Super cute, good music and beats most of the nutty stuff on Bourbon St.First the good: No entry fee and the music is great. Now the bad: The venue is small and seating is VERY limited. Drinks are very pricey - for a vodka 7 and a beer we paid $18- this more than makes up for that free admission.This bar became our go-to place when I came to NOLA for the first time The vibe in this place differs so much from any other bar we went to and the crowd, the bartenders, and the musicians were all so chill and friendly. I always had great conversations with the people around me and the drinks were amazing. This was the only place that I 'lingered' in on Bourbon St.Beers are more expensive here.  The service isn't the most polite.  They allow people to smoke in such close quarters.  But the music is too good to pass up.  Also it keeps you away from all the trashy drunken shenanigans that frankly I'm to old to appreciate these days.Great cocktails, live music. We weren't the "blow our eardrums out, hand us a fishbowl of cheap booze" NOLA tourists. We love good food, good booze, good music. This place satisfies at least the last two (we didn't eat here - is there food?). Their absinthe cocktail is great, as is whatever the heck my husband ordered for me. Piano jazz live and his fingers dance and his singing voice is smooth and sultry (Richard . It's a delightful way to spend a few hours, sipping and enjoying good music, and can still hear each other speak.I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
We discovered Fritzel's while exploring Bourbon Street early on Friday afternoon. After a round of Bloody Mary's (which were good but not great) with Abita Amber chasers,  we decided to return later in the evening.
We came back on Friday night to listen to the band. We liked it so much we came back on Saturday and Sunday as well. Discovering Fritzel's was one of the true highlights of a delightful trip. 
Fritzel's describes itself as a "European Jazz Pub". The "European" part is because the founder of the business is German, and because they have an EXCELLENT selection of German beers. 
We mostly had Czechvar pilsner (which I believe is the original "Bubweiser"), accompanied by shots of delicious and hightly recommended Barenjager german honey liqueur (which is also an excellent mix with hot or iced tea). We also tried Slivovitz, which is a Serbian plum brancy that is quite harsh and tastes like plum-scented jet fuel.
I had a sazerac one night and a traditional Absinthe drip another night. Absinthe isn't something I could have a lot of, but it was an interesting change of pace.
Fritzel's, like many of the old buildings along Bourbon Street, is narrow and deep. (The building dates from 1831) The bar fills quickly when the band starts at 9:30 and it gets quite cramped, so be aware. It gets CROWDED when there is a full house. 
While there, we talked to tourists from the UK, Japan, and Germany. 
One night I kept track of the songs I particularly liked, borrowing a bar napkin and pen to write with from the waitress, who was patient with my project.
I liked "When the Saints go Marching In" and "Basin Street Blues" and "Sweet Georgia Brown" and "I wish I could shimmy like my Sister Kate" and "St Louis Blues" and "The Riverboat Shuffle". 
After the band got done early Sunday morning we had an opportunity to chat with Tom Fischer who plays the clarinet. 
We plan to take another trip to New Orleans in November of 2015 and Fritzel's will be one of our first stops.Went to Fritzel's twice during Mardi Gras which isn't exactly the best time for relaxed partying. I really appreciated the up close and personal Jazz performances. In fact, the first time I wend there we were on the front row and I had to duck the trombone slide! Fritzel's is probably a lot more comfortable the other 362 days of the year. The hostess/bouncer/dragon lady at the door is part of the appeal with her little beret and her take no crap from drunks attitude. I'll be back.This place was great! We went last saturday night and the band was fantastic! Don't know the name but some of the musicians were Taylor Smith, Jonathan Bauer, and Matt Bell (we actually lucked out and saw him at the Bustout Burlesque the night before also). So much fun! Great place on Bourbon ST to catch some Jazz music.Warm, friendly, charming.  Only there one night and the jazz band was incredibly good.  It is a touch crowded but there was room to breathe.  I think this was best place I visited on Bourbon StreetFavorite place we found to listen to jazz on bourbon. Drinks aren't cheap but not crazy. Best part is that it is small and cozy and they have good old time bands. Went a coupe times and this was the best place we found by far.Next time I am in New Orleans I will be coming back to Fritzels. Great music, a little dancing and a lot of fun.Nice place, cool crowd, reasonable prices and very good vibe! We found a spot super easily on a Friday night and the staff is welcoming and fun :)If you visit New Orleans for the atmosphere and jazz, this should be your stop on Bourbon. There's no "frat boy" vibe in here - definitely more relaxed but, not empty or dull. In fact, it was packed when we popped in on a Tuesday night (they'll fit as many as they can at those tables). It's a little smoky but, it has a nice vibe. There's no cover but a one drink minimum. Those drinks are overpriced, yes, but it was expected. Beers were around $8 and specialty drinks started at $9 or $10 so we went with those. My Satchemo was good and I'd get it again.
Odds are, we'll go back when visiting.Come here if you want to stay away from the craziness on Bourbon.  Great music, but even more importantly...great locals.This is one of the few spots on Bourbon Street that actually play jazz and not blast pop music! The staff are really friendly and seating around the band is perfect. I thought this place was very welcoming.Great spot for those who don't want to be surrounded by puking 20-year olds with Yard-a-Rita's. The Jazz is exciting & authentic. There is a sign that says no dancing but nonetheless, there were a pair of 40's style swing dancers that were doing their thing, and were very fun to watch. Definitely recommend.Excellent music and drinks. We sat for several hours enjoying a great band. There are two bands,  upstairs and downstairs. Hurricane was great!!Music was good. Hostess was on top of things. They charge you nearly $6 for water even if you have ordered a drink along with everyone else in your party.I don't actually drink, I came here for two reasons...One was to escape the warm vomit smell that permeated Bourbon street on that given night and the second reason was because two of my friends wanted to pop in here. The service was great and the band was chill.Amazing Jazz!!! The musicians were so incredible and inspiring! The drinks were outrageously priced but after spending $57 for 4 beers and a sprite for a whole set of music, it was worth it.We went here last weekend after a friend's wedding.  It was awesome.  The band played great jazz and the crew working there was friendly and efficient despite it being super packed.  If you'd like to skip the usual Nola amateur hour and join some adults for affordable drinks and great music this is the place.Came here 2x on our recent trip to New Orleans. Loved this place. Its a casual European jazz bar, where they have local bands playing right in front of you (the stage is right there), which creates a really nice, cozy feeling. There's no cover which is also good, though the performers are not shy about asking for tips (but hey, they are good, work hard, and deserve it as they really do entertain). It really is nice to have such a low-key establishment on the wild and raucous Bourbon St. They also have a good selection of beers and other drinks available. The place has a really transporting quality and makes you feel like you somehow ended up in a 40s jazz club.This was a really cool place to relax and catch some good jazz.  The seating is limited unless you specifically purchase a ticket to the watch the band.  Our large party arrived early and grabbed the large bench table looking into where the band played.  The beers on tap are decent and there were a few especially tasty beers by the bottle.  This place didn't really serve much food, so we brought back take-out pizza with no complaints from those working there.We saw Richard Scott at the Mint earlier in the afternoon and decided to go check his band out at fritzels. We had a really fun night listening to some great music and enjoying some actually good beer! only issue we had was it was a little bit pricey (drinks wise) but this is in the middle of bourbon.This club is exactly what it claims to be: a small intimate old time New Orleans jazz club. Come here for white guys playing 1920s style music in cozy atmosphere. When you arrive, a hostess will find seats for you. The room is small, so you are guaranteed to be close to the stage.
The bands rotate and there is no cover, so you might as well go for a set every night. We did. We'll do it again next time we are in town.
As for food and drinks:
Food: (no offense to the kitchen) You are in New Orleans, why eat at a jazz club when you have amazing restaurants a few blocks away.
Drinks: Drinks are drinks. A small beer selection. The gin and tonic is made with both gin and tonic.The name Fritzel's European Jazz Pub was truly fitting as the audience was 97 percent a group of travelers from Denmark -- all of whom were quite friendly and really knew how to enjoy the music.   Charlie Fardella on trumpet and John Royen added a touch of class with traditional Big Easy style jazz from a bygone era.  They have a lot of humor and are excellent at their craft.  The jazz club is truly cozy and waitresses will squeeze in as many as they can on the rickety benches and rustic seats.  The club has an old world feel as if you and a bunch of friends gathered round your living room to hear some jazz licks -- back in the early 1900s! That's part of the charm which makes this place special.  The performance of "St. Louis Blues" was a highlight and unknowing tribute by the band to our hometown down the Mississippi.  Drinks are a bit pricey so bring enough cash and enjoy yourself.I always have a good time at Fritzel's.  Maybe it's because the Jumbo Shrimp Jazz Band is a regular feature here, but it just seems like the place always has good music and the people there are all really digging it.  Even though there's no room to dance, sitting so close to the band makes you feel like you're a part of the show.  The first time I went, I lost all sense of time (or desire to go elsewhere) and ended up spending close to four hours there.  It's a world away from the sleazy joints of Bourbon Street, but if you still want to feel like you're on Bourbon, get one of their killer Hurricanes.  There aren't many seats, so you may want to go a little early, but don't pass it up if you're into hot jazz.First bar I visited in New Orleans, and it was awesome!  I've never seen such a "boring" looking group of men play such great music.  I don't have much experience in the city, but I assume this is far more authentic than many other bars.The only place on Bourbon street that I really liked and had a good time at.  This place always has great musicians playing traditional jazz.  Most of the bars on Bourbon with live music have some hacks playing lousy covers of Journey and Foreigner songs.  
That being said, I felt a little out of my element since the majority of the crowd is usually older (55+), especially if you're there on a weekday.A few reviewers mentioned it was family friendly. Since we were looking for a place to take our 8 year old to listen to jazz, we went give it a try and were turned away. Other than Preservation Hall, we didn't find any good venues for our purpose. Can't comment on the music-I'm sure it was great...Good bartender, they show a $5 hurricane on the sign but that is premixed.  The bartender said let me make you one for $9. Wow that was a hurricane, well worth the $9.Great find in the quarter.  Small cool, little place.  We actually hit this place as our first stop of the quarter in the late afternoon.  If you need a place to relax and have a cold one....this is where you should go.  Sometimes loud music at the other spots in the afternoon is a little too much.  (like I said it was our first stop....we were ready for the loud music after we left.)I really like this place because for a few reasons:
1-it's a quiet place on Bourbon Street. Amidst the chaos of trashy bars, strip clubs and drunks it was good to come in and sit down listen to live jazz in a small, quiet setting and relax.
2-the music is good! I imagine it would have to be but I'm just surprised. I thought it would be their 'hook' but I have to say the quartet they had there was very good, the trumpet player/lead was funny and charming
Everything that I pictured a New Orleans jazz club would be. I will come back here for sure.The band was amazing! The drinks were decently strong and compared to all the craziness that surrounds Bourbon street, this bar was a great place to listen to some jazz without being to crowded.cool place with cheap and strong hurricanes :PStaff at the Preservation Hall recommended this pub as a place to come for good live jazz. They were spot on! Fritzel's is like walking into someone's living room. It has an intimate, laid back feel and is the perfect place to enjoy some great jazz performed by talented musicians. Take a well deserved music-break away from the craziness and smelly' ness of Bourbon Street.This place was my favorite spot on Bourbon Street. Yes, I'm in my mid-30s, and I preferred a different sort of place when I was in my 20s. This bar seems out of sync with the rest of the street because it's mellow. People are actually listening to and enjoying the music. No one is spilling their drink on you. No one is pushing or crowding you.
The live music was awesome. The vibe is great--very laid back. I chatted with the bass player (I love you, Greg Smith, but don't tell my husband) during a break, and I asked him why he didn't smile during the set. He said that he was concentrating on the music. Concentrating! Love it. A man truly dedicated to his craft.
There is a drink purchase requirement, but there's never a cover. It's a small price to pay for the experience. The staff will keep your drinks full, and they're super nice and attentive--as long as you keep up with the minimum.
I can't wait to get back to New Orleans, and the first place I go will be Fritzel's!There's something pretty incredible that happens here.  Go early to snag a prime seat and wait to be entertained by some of the best jazz musicians I've heard since leaving Manhattan.  
Drink prices are pretty typical of any place like this on Bourbon.  But, I'm pretty sure you won't care once you relax and enjoy the show.  There's a fantastic hostess who somehow magically finds you and your company seats (even when it's super crowded).  The main floor (not by the bar) is a little small, so expect to make some new friends.
The architecture is stunning and is hauntingly charming.  It's a little dark and there are definitely places to get a little cozy, but good luck trying to carry on a serious conversation.  
If you're a fan of some serious dixie-land jazz, blues, and rag then come to Fritzel's.  These guys are legitimate musicians who deserve all the accolades they can get at this fabulous night-spot.
(Ps- their website advertises that you can run upstairs and dance to the music that's being played, but I've never been.  It'd be worth checking out if the ambiance is anything like it is on the main floor.)Great little jazz bar with a ton of character.  I liked the jazz a lot particularly the clarinet.This place was so swinging we went back two nights later.  
We caught the house band on a Tuesday and Thursday night.  On our second trip the waitress happen to put us in the best seat in the house, right at the front.  We had so much fun, before we knew it, the last set wrapped and the band was done.  I totally lost track of time and Kevin, the trumpet player, thought I was nuts when I asked him if they were going to keep playing.  Sorry guys, I had so much fun, I didn't realize it was 1 am!  
Also, I must add, the band were good sports when taking request.  
Awkward moment of the evening: my friend requested "Hey Pocky Way" and the band misunderstood her so they started playing the Hokey Pokey.  At first we thought it was the European tourist who requested it, maybe they they think it's authentic American.  However, after a moment we realized, the Hokey Pokey was playing and it was our fault!  We about died of laughter. 
Be sure to tip the band as there is no cover charge and they deserve a good tip ;)This was the best NOLA experience in town!! Great vibe, great people, great music. Up beat without the drunken idiots. upper class mature audience. Just an awesome time. get there early cause it will pack out all night!!LOVED IT!  Laid back crowd, incredible live music.  Everyone was in great spirits listening to the music.  You can meet some handsome young gentlemen here, dance with a 75-year-old Danish man, tap your feet and move your body to the horns and piano, and have a blast.  If I had a few more nights in New Orleans, I would have spent most, if not all, of them at Fritzel's.This is the best place on Bourbon Street to listen to some great live New Orleans Jazz music. 
You feel like a local from the moment you walk in, such a warm and friendly atmosphere with talented local musicians playing ever night. 
If you want to experience jazz the way it meant to be appreciated, this is the place. 
One tip: get there before 8:00 if you want a good seat, because once the band starts you will only get a seat if someone leaves.During our 6 day trip we ended up back at Fritzel's 5 times.  While the bar/service is nothing extraordinary we couldn't get enough of their All Star Band.  The live music was fantastic and it wasn't so loud you could hear it 1/2 way down the block.  It was a great way to spend the evening - having a drink or two and listening to great Jazz.Loved this place and their cheap, cheap, cheap to go drinks. Really strong, though. Really cool scene. Loved it.Great jazz hangout in the middle of the madness on Bourbon street. Very local feel, cheap drinks and fast service with efficient seating times during crazy hours.  Has upstairs balcony right on top of Bourbon st.Incredible music upstairs and downstairs.  Every time I've been here it's been really, really busy.  It can be hard to get a seat (or even a place to stand, downstairs).  But it's totally worth it!Cool small jazz bar. Good music the Monday night that we were there. German themed spot. Bartender was real unfriendly surprisingly. Also, beers were like $7 or $7.50 here which is about $2 more expensive than everywhere else we went the entire trip.Great unique spot on Bourbon St. The live band was crowd pleasing and fun. The trombone player was killing it! I love the german style seating where everyone is close and cozy with one another sharing benches. Upstairs is a different feel but also nice. My only complaint was that I was hoping for more beers on tap for it being a European bar. I would go back again for the live music though!Fritzel's, located in the heart of Bourbon Street, is unlike its trashy neighbors who serve neon drinks and a full serving of obnoxiously loud music. The jazz band starts playing at 9pm. The bar fills up pretty fast so I'd recommend getting there a little early if you want to sit at a table.
The atmosphere is cozy and the band is . They also have pretty good beers on tap, ranging from Abita to European beers. However, I would not recommend getting any of their cocktails (Hurricaine, Bloody Mary, etc). They are pretty awful (and expensive) since the proportions are completely off and the bartenders seem inexperienced.
Great first-time jazz club experience!! Highly recommend!fun place.  Great music, nice atmosphere.  Would definitely visit again.In the heart of the French Quarter, this is the place to go for incredible traditional jazz music. Last night I was lucky enough to see Tom Fischer & Friends perform. Absolutely. PHENOMENAL.
There is a pretty host standing outside to invite you in, and will seat you at the bar or tables alongside and surrounding the band.  The service is fast and friendly, with a one-drink minimum per set. The band has CDs for sale and a tip jar that is passed around several times. 
The music includes covers, requests and many songs they've written themselves.  Plenty of seating, not a bad view in the house.
Truly a must-visit locale during your trek along Bourbon Street.Simply amazing! Have been to fritzel's 5-6 times and every night the Jazz is amazing and staff are friendly. Only complaint is no dance floor although a couple can find a tight space after midnight if the band and alcohol sways you. My favorite place in NOLA!We went twice, once saw Richard Scott (solo), and once with a band. He is an amazing piano player, and the place has a lot of character. Good drinks too, and no cover. 
Enjoyable place to listen to jazz and piano music.Loving this place! Beautiful music and decoration. 
Their drink prices are a little higher than those in restaurants, but really worth it. Each of us ordered one drink ("hurricane" was good), and enjoyed great jazz music for an hour. We all loved it much more than other noisy buzzy "dance" music down the street.Hands-down the best local dive-bar jazz experience we had in New Orleabs. So authentic and unique. A must-stop for any visit! Amazing Bloody Mary called "Errol's Bloody Mary" get it spicy!Excellent live jazz music and Irish coffee.  Bought a band cd on the way out the door.There are next to no jazz places left on Bourbon. This is one of two that I saw and my favorite. It's a little towards  the edge of the strip so it's less crowded. The music is top notch and pure Dixieland. I dropped one star as the place itself is a dive. People are packed together at picnic style tables. The beer was spilling all over, but I was cheap and cold.
If you're you're not looking for somewhere "fancy-pants", looking to get away from me drunken cover band scene, and want to hear what New Orleans used to sound like, this is absolutely the place to go. As the singer said in between songs, "You're not going to hear this band play Brown Eyed Girl."  You will hear a great rendition of Sweet Georgia Brown though.The drinks are mediocre, at best, and they're not exactly cheap, but you don't come here for the drinks. You come here for the music and the atmosphere, which, in my mind, are the best in the French Quarter. When you hear "European Jazz Club on Bourbon Street", you expect it to be a little cheesy--at least I did. But it has a very authentic, bohemian feel. Inside, communal tables are cozy, but the limited space provides for a very intimate and interactive experience. We came here on two out of three nights (first time at Fritzel's, though have been to NOLA many, many times), and the music and energy just don't get any better. Would HIGHLY recommend.visited in December 2012.
This pub has the best live jazz ever!!!
Can't wait to go back :)3.5
Stumbled into this place on a late Saturday night, grateful to find a bar on Bourbon Street that wasn't playing a Bon Jovi or Journey song.  We were ushered into the crowded front room and sat down for an hour to watch a good live jazz band playing classics like "St. James Infirmary Blues."
While the music is free, you'd better be ready to pay steep prices for the privilege of getting drinks.  An order of 1 soda and 2 beers cost $18 (an even $20 with tip).  I left to squeeze my way through the crowds to hit the bathroom, and was annoyed to come back and find they had taken away my Heinekin, which still was a quarter full.  I flagged down the waitress, and fortunately she replaced it with a bottle for free.  Much appreciated.This is the place I crave!! Been going for years and always stop every night to listen to great musicAlways a favorite in New Orleans. Great classic jazz in an old school atmosphere. Creative and delicious drinks served with a smile!Would have been a 5 star if the young lady who brought our drinks would have smiled. 
No cover. One drink minimum. I wasn't aware nor did it bother me. Definitely a great deal with such great music and humorous entertaining band. 
They let us in with drinks from elsewhere without any issue but I hadn't quite finished it when I was asked to order something. I asked if she could bring it to me in a few minutes and her facial expression was enough :/
She brought the drink but I had to place it on the floor under the chair in front of me and it got a bit watery :(
Otherwise all other staff were pleasant and inviting. 
Bathroom wasn't too clean but hey it was really late on bourbon. ;)
They pass around a plastic bin for $ donations and sell CDs for $20 (during the day when no performance they are $15- we went back the next day to buy one since we had really enjoyed the band and we had never really listened to jazz before this trip)Awesome music, lively atmosphere, friendly service. Beers are served up cold and fast. Bench seating puts you right with everyone else. Normally, I would hate that, but they just make it so fun. The bands are so close, you feel like you're part of the music. We are going again tonight. For our third visit in as many daysLovely jazz music.  Went on valentines night, was crowded, lovely atmosphere.  I had taken the reviews from yelp, and was worth it.  :) Although the seating was cramped, but you get carried away with the buzz of the crowd.  Surely one of the best places to visit on bourbon street, if you enjoy traditional jazz.  My husband enjoyed the piano player, he was good!Don't bother with this place, there's a lot of better places in new orleans. This place is okay during the day, although overpriced still and not exciting, but at night it is a total tourist trap. I'm local and I had been in a few times and was excited to see some live music there at night. Then my friend told me his friends were going to see a band they knew there one night so I met them there-- and all the sudden their drinks were almost twice the price as during the day and the hostess was EXTREMELY rude. We were trying to enjoy the jazz and sip our drinks and every time someone finished a drink she basically told them to buy another or leave. So, we left. I was disappointed because the band was good but the people who run it are terrible. Don't pay that much for a drink, even if you're a tourist. It's a rip off. Go to Frenchmen street and you'd find great music and better drinks-- without the rude staff.Fritzel's European Jazz Pub celebrated it's 43rd birthday in 2012, and is the only authentic and original jazz club left on Bourbon Street. Live jazz music 365 nights a year, and there is NEVER an entry fee. Unlike most bars, you ARE allowed to bring in your drink, however you must make a drink purchase immediately upon entering this tiny German bar. Why? There is simply no space for tourists who choose not to patron this establishment. The band and waitresses work for tips only, so show your appreciation for this true New Orleans experience by tipping accordingly. Since this gem is so petite (small), it can fill up very quickly once the band starts playing. Don't be offended if the hostess seats others at your table. Dancing is also not allowed, due to space issues...however...occasionally the staff will ignore a dancing couple if it is a slow night, and the couple's dancing isn't in the way of the cocktail waitresses or other guests. Fritzel's also hosts it's own mini European Jazz Festival in April featuring jazz bands from Sweden, Switzerland, etc. Lastly, for locals and travelers, Fritzel's opens it's upstairs and balcony on holidays. There is no additional charge to have access to the bar or balcony upstairs, but the same rules do apply (strict 1 drink minimum). The Fritzel's Birthday Party is every year in October, and provides FREE CATERING to all guests who venture upstairs. 
TIPS to ensure a good time. 
1. Cooperate. Order a drink as soon as you get in. The waitresses will be satisfied with your cooperation, and a $1 tip per drink suffices. 
2. Tip the band before you leave. Remember: if there are 4 musicians on stage, each earns 25 cents when you throw $1 into the tip jar. 
3. If you plan on staying there a while, the waitresses are very strict about the 1 drink purchase per person, per set.
4. The musicians and staff are pretty open to giving you the best recommendations if they have the time. 
5. Be prepared to pay tourist prices for drinks. Yes, bottle waters and sodas are $5 each. Yes, well drinks and draft beers are $7 each. Their hurricane is the best deal with over three shots of rum served in a tall glass for $11. I agree with most by saying that Fritzel's Hurricane is by far more superior than Pat O's. Fritzel's also serves traditionally prepared Absinthe (with wormwood) for $16 a glass, which is a typical price throughout the city. 
6. 20% Gratuity is added for groups of 4 or more. Don't argue, just pay it.
7. Once again, you will be asked to buy a drink upon entering. Yes, that even applies to tourists who are just looking for a restroom. Restrooms are for customers only. Buy a drink, or leave. It's as easy as that. 
8. As the locals say, be nice or leave. The worst way to enjoy music is with a bad attitude.This little unsuspecting dive was full of entertainment! We stayed for hours enjoying drinks, the lively crowd and the great live jazz music. Seating is limited and it's first come first serve. You have to order a drink to stay for each set the jazz band plays. It was really enjoyable and gave me an appreciation for jazz music. A must do for a visit to New Orleans.This is definitely my favorite place on Bourbon Street and my favorite place for live music that I found.
It's a pretty small place and gets packed easily, so go early for sure. It's a really cute atmosphere. The servers are really attentive and on top of getting you drinks, although they aren't very friendly or don't seem very happy at all. You don't pay a cover for the music, so don't be surprised when the drinks are more than you'd expect. 
I saw Jumbo Shrimp and they were outstanding - so energetic and talented. We returned later in the week and saw the house band - I can't remember the name - and they were amazing as well. This is overall just a great place for good jazz music and a good ambiance. It's a nice change from the chaos of Bourbon Street.We saw live jazz at Fritzel's twice during our trip. Once on a Tuesday and once on a Thursday. Both nights the place was packed. Barely room to stand, let alone sit. This wasn't a problem though. The crowd was not crazy or touristy. Fritzel's seemed to be the only non-scuzzy place on Bourbon. 
The band was fantastic and played for a very long time both nights. With only a one drink minimum, Fritzel's is a great place to enjoy fantastic jazz practically for free.My very favorite!  There is nowhere else that I have found that has consistently great and true New Orleans jazz music.  The energy is great.  The ambiance is, well, Bourbon St!.  Sitting on wooden benches shoulder to shoulder.  The Hurricanes are the best I have had in NOLA.  I highly recommend Fritzels!Gorgeous old school lounge and wonderful jazz. Cocktails were delicious. Wandered in off bourbon st & found a seat at the bar no problem. Recommend stopping in for a set.Best live music in The Big Easy! We LOVED this place! Small quaint bar that we visited two nights. Music starts at 8 pm so get there before then if you want a seat! There is no cover but a one drink minimum. That being said....the drinks aren't cheap BUT not horrible. They run around $7-11 each depending on what you order. It's well worth it! I have paid that much at other bars on Bourbon to hear awful music. This place is a must!Fun jazz club. Music was good and a nice break from the craziness of bourbon street.This place has amazing live music.. i mean some real talented folks play here.  This place also is very overly priced and lacks customer service.  Ordered a shot of Jameson & a beer (Abita) and was charged $27.00  Def pricy compared to most other bars in the area.  They do offer something I've not seen yet.  Pizza cone!!  Drunk and hungry? Pizza cone was out of this world but must warn that it is very hot!I was walking the strip when I heard the music come from this place. It almost called to me to come in. Great ambiance and great music. Hits the soul. If you like jazz/blues then you will love this placeFun, intimate jazz joint on Bourbon Street where you're right in front of the stage! If you're just ducking in for a change of pace, make sure there's no cover charge as there is a required drink purchase.Went on a Monday night, they had a great fun band playing. The waitresses were not the friendliest. but the crowd was great.So after the 4th night of hanging out on Bourbon street... we kinda wanted a change of scenery. So the hubby looked up jazz bars that were close to us and found this hidden gem! 
It's a one drink minimum policy, but who only just have ONE drink while at the French Quarter? It's small and heavily crowded and it was St. Patrick's day. We sat out in the courtyard and just enjoyed listening to the music. Within 2 songs, they took a break and people started to leave the seating area. I took advantage of this and snag us a seat in the second row facing the stage. They band was taking a quick break. We ordered our drinks and then the place started to get packed again. The band played several songs, and even had a guest drummer. They were collecting tip at the end, before they took another break, so bring a few dollars to support the local musicians!
We thoroughly enjoyed our time, it is tight quarters, so be warned for those of you who are claustrophobic. Overall, it's a change of scenery from the typical Bourbon Street bar, but no worries, once you step outside, it's back to the shenanigans. :)True live jazz, New Orleans style. Loved it! Small and comfy bar, good service. Quality drinks. In the heart of Bourbon St. There's still Live jazz Boubon street! Yay! New Orleans has started to lose the authenticity of what it's famous for, but this place is holding on tight to true New Orleans Tradition.This place is the shit! Dang good time. Intimate setting with fantastic jazz! Minimum of 1 drink purchase, but it's well worth it!Big fan of this jazz bar. Came to NOLA with friends over Memorial weekends from Chicago and came in for 3 nights straight. They paid tribute to Chicago Jazz artists which I absolutely loved! Boutique and cozy venue. Drinks are okay. Yeah maybe they're overpriced but very penny is worth it bc the artists are amazing and with no cover, I would say $10 for a two-hour A-class performance is a bargain.Place has great atmosphere. And the band was great. But as far as the bar goes it was not good. I asked for a sidecar, which is a classic drink. They gave me something in a martini glass that has sugar around the rim which is already wrong. And it tasted like they put apple juice in their. What the hell's going on.Great vibe!! The band is awesome and full of energy
It gets a little bit crowded as the night goes
Every set is about an hour then the intermission is 15min. and a min 1drink per personFritzel's is one of my most favorite places in New Orleans.
We were there last week and stopped at Fritzel's three times -- the first night (Sunday) the place was very crowded and we weren't there long. We went back about 10pm on Monday and Tuesday and it wasn't quite as crowded. We had a great time. (On both of those nights they closed just after midnight)
The mysterious Kate Wimmer was again our hostess. Richard "Piano" Scott was there all three nights that we were, and Tom Fischer was on the clarinet on Tuesday night. I already had the three Fritzel's CDs but I purchased two from Richard Scott, and one from Tom Fischer. Both gentlemen were gracious enough to autograph the albums after their last set.
The Fritzel's souvenir T Shirts are quite stylish. I bought several more of those too. 
There is no cover charge. Drinks are correspondingly a little high, but they have a good selection of European Beer. We enjoyed Czechvar bier with a shot of Barenjager on the side. 
Be advised, the building that Fritzel's is in is old, and VERY narrow and the bar fills up quickly  and gets VERY crowded. And the restrooms aren't ghastly but they aren't great either. A few other reviewers have commented that the waitresses aren't very friendly -- if the place is crowded, they don't have time to be particularly friendly and they're usually running at full speed all night, so give them a break. 
Fritzel's is a great place to be for a few drinks if you can be there when it isn't quite so crowded.Best Jazz in New Orleans! I will come back!! Yay!Best Jazz in New Orleans! I will come back!! Yay!Best Jazz in New Orleans! I will come back!! Yay!Nice place but a lit bit crowded. Try their Bloody Mary! You'd love it! The service is nice. Love their bandi stopped by this bar wednesday night upon the suggestion of 1 of my out of town friends who loves this place.
when we got there the place was packed i was wondering where all of us were going to sit. i was surprised at the setup. ive been to many jazzbars and ive never seen one setup like this. they had wood bleacher style seating so that made going to the restrooms very hard to do unless you had an aisle seat.
the band was good. ive never seen a musician play a banjo live so that was a new experience to me. their trumpet player was amazing he deserves his own cd.
i  only had one drink the non-alcoholic bayou cooler cuz im not a beer drinker.This is one of the two jazz clubs we went to on our trip to NOLA, and the live music concert was a blast. The musicians were Paul Polsen at the trumpet and Tom Hook at the piano (Sorry drummer and contrabass player, didn't catch your names). They were switching between jazz and blues, never taking themselves seriously. Great music!
The bar itself wasn't outstanding. The staff member who seated us was smiling and friendly but the waitresses not so much. The 2 cocktails we ordered were OK, no more.Great music but....  we show up they charge us 10$ for a bloody Mary the band plays one song and they close 10 minutes later at 1140If you want to experience dixieland music on Bourbon Street you'll find this is the only place available.  I thought there would be joints all up and down the street but not true.  This was a disappointment but Fritzel's fit the bill on what I wanted to see.  
I will say there are certainly other jazz clubs but they're on other streets.
Great atmosphere, crowded as hell, I had to crouch down with my beer to have a spot and listen.  So, get there early to get a seat if you want to awash yourself in great music and good times in comfort.  
Should you be a dixieland jazz fan walking Bourbon St and want to be awash in the atmosphere of NOLA as you dreamed of it, I highly recommend this place.What a little hidden gem.  We ventured inside here after walking down Bourbon for awhile.  Inside we found a nice little jazz band and a cozy spot in the corner.  Yes, the drinks are a bit pricey, but for a New Yorker, $6 for a beer isn't all that bad.  Plus, you're paying for the live music.  Definitely a change from the frozen daiquiris, hand grenades and mayhem that is Bourbon Street.Stay away. This was recommended by a friend who says the music is great. We didn't know what time the band came on but we showed up around 8pm. Bar was dead quiet (music starts at 9, it turns out) and a surly bartender took our order. She actually rolled her eyes when I ordered a club soda. Turns out my club soda was $5 and my husband's small beer was $7. I wouldn't normally have an issue paying that in a bar in the most touristy area of the city without a cover charge, but if I'm paying $5 for a single club soda, don't roll your eyes at me. We paid our tab and left. Won't go back. I'm giving this place two stars for the space itself--it would be a great place to listen to music.OK... Those who say there is not good quality jazz on Bourbon St. clearly overlooked this place. With an intimate atmosphere, it was an awesome place to start our stay in NOLA. Great jazz but the space is very limited, so plan ahead... Drinks are pricey but don't forget you are in the heart of the French Quarter. We went there at 10 and it was packed but managed to get three seats. We stayed until after midnight... Because they stopped playing!I felt very much at home at Fritzel's! The house band is fantastic and really put on a great show. It's an intimate space and sure it's a bit cramped but the live music and energy here is well worth it. They have a hostess at the door to help with seating and there is no cover but they do expect one drink per set. I wasn't real impressed with the speed of drink service during the shows but the quality of the drinks and the price wasn't too bad. The bathrooms are a bit archaic, expect to see a few cockroaches in the men's bathroom. But the bar itself has a great rustic appeal and always seems to attract a fun crowd. I'd like to try watching the show from the bar next time. If you love trad jazz and are done with the frills of Bourbon Street, this a the pub to try.Over Thanksgiving week I was in New Orleans for the first time in my life. First time there, but not the first time as a jazz listener, for sure. 
After a walk down Bourbon avoiding the rehashed rock and pop cover bands and ear-bleed amplifiers, my weary ears dragged my feet up to Fritzel's, and before I could ask "is there room" the hostess invited us both in and seated us on the side bleachers, top row, great seats! Love the cozy German club feel and the dixieland sound! 
With no cover and a voracious jazz appetite, I had no problem with the high one drink minimum per person. The hurricane was a bit watered down, but that was OK, I'd had my fill of alcohol before I made it to the end of Bourbon.
This trumpet, Mike Fulton, was leading the band, and it was hoppin! Fulton's stage presence is solid and the band's formal dress adds clarity to the club's aesthetic. This, right here, is what I was hoping Bourbon St would show me. It took me back in time. This was my very first night on Bourbon St, and I will return to Fritzel's!Ok here's the worst part , the front is .... small ... so get over that and soak in this charming little joint with a few diffrent rooms, and some strong drinks , the two bartenders were, Super attentive and helpful, this is a place where people were there to be friendly to each other and socialize... we will definitely be back here!i was eyeing this place all week and finally made it here the final night. Just a quaint, perfect spot for great jazz and an unbelievable ambiance! We got a table, had great conversation and met people around us all the while being able to take in the music around us. It was my favorite spot in NoLa to hang out!Cozy and good music ! Recommended to arrive 30-45min before the beginning of the concert. If too late, no seat and no space available.This is a great bar to go , have a drink and listen to great music. The drinks are cheap and the service was great. However, when it starts to get busy..... it gets a little cramped. I really enjoy this place..... get there when the bands just start... you will have a great time.No matter if it's day or night, Fritzel's is a must on Bourbon Street. My first stop was during the afternoon. It's the perfect darkened bar to cool off and relax. No loud music, just strong drinks. This is the home to one of the realest bloody mary's I've ever experienced. The bartender spend real time crafting the drink and then he offered to provide more tomato juice if mine was too intense. I scoffed, thinking he had pinned me for a lightweight in the spice race. Minutes later, I realized he was right and I endured the spicy, chilly, tangyness that only a bloody mary can provide. I did end up asking for the extra tomato, and he was very nice about it. Next time we swung by here it was late night, and the jazz was on point, but no mary for me this time.This is a really cool atypical bar on bourbon street, it's a German jazz club with live music daily and no cover (1 drink minimum with beers starting at $4). The space is small but well set up in the front half at least, if you are in the back you might not have a great view because of the arches. The band takes a break after a set thats about 45 minutes, when a lot of the audience cleared out, but just to fill up again once the passerbyers hear the music going. There is a hostess who will escort you to a seat when you walk in, and you can't bring outside drinks, or so that sign says upon entering. 
The band plays for free but sends around a donation bucket and sold CDs. The band we caught was a 4 piece group that was really talented, had a lot of energy and jovial personalities. Oddly enough the bar had a flat screen even though this feels like the farthest thing from a sports bar and really doesn't need it (the volume was off anyway since the music is the main attraction here). Overall a really cool experience, with very little commitment and a bit of a hidden gem, a welcoming alternative to the fratty bars that dominate most of Bourbon Street. 
I could have done without the cigarette smoke since it is a small place that lacks ventilation.This place is incredible! I was in town with a few friends and we were looking for a fun bar with live (and local) music. The drinks are excellent, staff is courteous, and the band was great. If you are in the area, check it out!Relaxed, pub-style atmosphere. We listened to Roamin' Jasmine and enjoyed their lively music and engaging performance. Some table seating and some auditorium-style seats in addition to bar stools. The setting was intimate but not overly crowded- I would recommend to any jazz lovers who aren't looking for the typical Bourbon street experience.The only good things my good about this place is the musicians. The device staff and specially the manager are extremely rude and they charge you device with a minimum drink per person. Too bad this is the image that tourist take away from a nice city like NolaA perfect evening spent with music flowing through my soul. Upbeat, great location, excellent service and a special treat for me on my first visit to the big easy. I would highly recommend to anyone, a must stop in and see even if just for the live music.The jazz was good, and there was football (association) on TV.  No cover, but they get you with the drinks, which were average, and expensive.  Not bad, but not great.Excellent night at this place!!!! I enjoyed it very much!!! Thank you for the wonderful night! I will be back again! The band is amazing! The quality of the sound is on top!!!! The service and drinks are very good! Highly recommend!!!!I LOVE this little pub! It feels authentic, great drink selection, great music, and quick service. Of course it's on Bourbon street, so get ready for a buzz. They make their drinks STRONGGGG! I've been twice now and have had a stellar experience every time. I mean, who else still does Absinthe the traditional way? I love it. Of all the bars on Bourbon, this is always my pick. They're not spammy, they don't pressure you to come inside, and it doesn't feel or look like a tourist trap. Plus, their house wine is Jagermeister. You can't beat that.Horrible staff; rude and unhelpful. One particular woman, with an indistinguishable accent, was particularly rude and foul. In all, a filthy, smelly, disgusting, expensive, badly maintained, establishment. You would do well to avoid it.German beer and jazz - yes please! Stumbled (not literally, which is possible in NOLA!) when strolling through the French Quarter. Quirky decor, good beer, friendly staff. Still divey but wasn't dark and dingy or smelly like other NOLA bars.We stopped by towards midnight on a Monday night and the place was packed! Not sure the name of the band, but it was definitely Richard Scott on the piano. What a great band to enjoy live with an Abita in your hand. It was nice there was no cover and only a 1 drink minimum ($7/beer), so not bad. Unfortunately, we left early due to a fight that broke out at the bar :( Hope to be back soon in the future!I adore this place.  The ambiance is just electric and I can't help but be delighted whenever I visit.  During my last trip, even my friend who doesn't like jazz (outrageous, I know) had a good time at Fritzel's.  It's worth wading through the chaos that is Bourbon Street.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is that the drinks can be hit or miss.Without a doubt the most fun I had while in New Orleans!  I knew from the get go that if I went to New Orleans, I was going to listen to live jazz, and Fritzel's did not disappoint.  It's no cover, but they want you to purchase a drink for each set (1/hour).  That's fine by me - the cocktails are delicious and quite reasonably priced, and you'll expect to pay about ~$10 minimum.
Now for the fun part (not that the alcohol's not fun!).  There are perhaps 2 dozen small tables facing a small stage.  The band plays for about 45-50 minutes with a short break at the end/start of the hour.  Even if you don't enjoy jazz or big band music, you'll have fun here - they're that good.  And if you do, you'll have a PHENOMENAL time.  The Fritzel's band we listened to absolutely incredible - great musicians with fun personalities.  They made everything quite exciting.
Only thing that could make this better?  A floor for swing/blues dancing!Happened to stumble in on our first night in NOLA, and am SO glad we did. I love a dive, let's say a classy dive...if that makes sense. Staff was fun and attentive, live jazz was what I pictured as quintessential Bourbon St. It's a Euro bar as they say but it's the best!The in house band is absolutely outstanding! High energy great musicians. Talented and then some. The hostess was super sweet and sat us in one of the best seats in the house. The waitress that we had really was horribly rude and unfriendly. She obviously hates being a waitress and was not a nice person. We were only served one drink each and this was our first stop. I could understand it if we were being rowdy or rude but we weren't we were there to just hear some fabulous music. I'll be back but hopefully she won't be my waitress when I do go back.