From the menu and pictures I saw, I didn't have high expectations. My breakfast sandwich tasted like it was pan fried in old oil. It wasn't anything impressive to begin with but I couldn't finish it because of the nasty oil flavor. My friends did enjoy their food. Their plates did look good.  All the food came out at different times though, as did our drinks. Our server seemed uneasy and tried but I feel the place has a lot more problems than inexperienced servers. I would try it again but it won't be by my suggestion.This place was delicious. Besides the wait and a little confusion on who was really next or which table they were putting is at (reason for the 4 instead of 5) the service was good, the portions were good and the food was delicious!! Will definitely go back.Great place for breakfast! Easy to find and park. Their menu is not 12 pages long which lets you know they focus on a few things so they can provide good quality and flavor. The Crab-cake Benedict and Steak Benedict were awesome!  Fast friendly service from the staff and the owner.Food was great. Prices were too much though. This place seems to be part of the new yuppie breakfast circuit where people don't mind paying $10 for a single ingredient omelet and some breakfast potatoes. $37 for a two coffee, two egg based breakfast entree, and tip. That's ridiculous, maybe it's just me. Service was mediocre.AWESOME!! I'm had to leave my review while i'm still eating!! The server Conner was great!! Headed back to Texas now.This place is awesome! We went for lunch and had some mimosas as well as the crab cakes! Tremendous food! We wanted a little dessert so we order the French toast with blueberry compote that came with a side of bacon! What a treat! Service was great and the owner was very friendly!  This place is a must! We will be back for sure!Loved it. I had the crab cake breakfast and my wife had the Cajun scramble. Both were excellent!Excellent eggs Benedict! Love the cocktail menu too. The wait staff is friendly & the chef, Chris Belou, came by to greet customers. Check it out!Totally legit new hot spot. The crab cake was off the charts, the Cajun Scramble was fabulous and the service was pretty neat awesome!  Definitely a place we'll try again!I love this place.  The staff is amazingly friendly.  I was on first name basis with my waitress & owner by the end of my meal. They are all around great folks. The food was very delicious & came out quickly.  It was a 5 star experience all the way around.  This little neighborhood gem is going to be my go-to place for brunch from now onWe were passing through New Orleans after a cruise and found this great restaurant! The food was great and the service was also! Although we were a large party, the food did not take long at all and it was affordable!This place is a cute hidden gem & the food is so delicious! The crab cake breakfast was a winner! The waffles are good too! Service was greatBeen there 3 times and going back this weekend. Tried something different each time. The the crab cake is the star. Service was great and so were the drinks. Husband created his own dish and got eggs benedict on top of his crab cake! So delicious.This was AMAZING!!! Best brunch ever!  I got the crab cakes breakfast and it is sooo good. Real crab and not mostly bread. My husband got the Cajun scramble and it was very filling! They also serve a white Russian capaciano that is to die for!It was the first time for me and the food was great. We had the steak and eggs, waffles, blueberry compote, grits and a bread, and a few others items. It was well done and worth the time to go back another day. I do have to say that there was a critter crawling inside which could mean they have to find a way to seal those openings allowing them to enter. It will loose if another customer sees one. But I would go back again despite. Hopefully I will not see another one. Food taste great and is .It's probably unfair to compare Fullblast to the Ruby Slipper, but the comparison is inevitable as it is in their former location and the owner used to work for them. So I, and I'm sure others, went there hoping for another Ruby Slipper-esque breakfast joint. It's not. 
That said, we had a good meal. Everything was well executed, the service was polite and the menu had a number of things that looked good. I got the Andouille Eggs Benedict and really enjoyed it. I do think it was expensive for what we got. 
The restaurant stands on it's own as a decent breakfast joint, just don't go there expecting to be blown away by a Ruby Slipper clone because you will be disappointed.LOVE IT!  Good food friendly staff great atmosphere!  We will definitely be back.  Hidden gem!This was our second visit and we are leaving full and satisfied!  The shrimp and grits were delicious.  The sauce has a nice kick to it.  My husband had the special - fried chicken Benedict over a cheese jalapeño cake.  He didn't taste any jalapeño but he said it was still really good.  My 1 year old had the traditional kids breakfast and he pretty much ate the whole thing!  Eggs, potatoes, bacon and toast.   The toast was a little hard but after some butter and jelly, it softened up.  We'll be back!We love Fullblast Brunch! The waiters are so sweet! We ate almost all of our food! The dishes are very unique, and we were really impressed! Also, they got us a table for six pretty quickly! We would come here again! When you first walk in, it looks a lot smaller than it really is. There are more tables in the back!If it wasn't for an incident with a b****y waitress then our meal would've been good. A waitress came up to us in the middle of our meal and yelled at us to move our car because we blocked in the garbage trucks. There were multiple cars that parked next to us and it seemed like we were the only family that got yelled at in the restaurant. It was extremely embarrassing. Not only was it embarrassing for us, but it made my pregnant daughter so upset that she couldn't finish her food. When my daughter confronted the waitress about the situation she said, "Sorry you took it that way" and said "Excuse me" as she pushed her to the side. All we wanted was an apology, but couldn't even get that. If I was the manager I would definitely leave her in the back to cook so she doesn't have to interact with guests. I guess the waiters were so nice because they had to compensate for their waitresses sh***y attitude.This is our go to for breakfast and lunch!
We've tried so many dishes here and loved every one of them. Really friendly staff and owner. I can't say enough about the yummy omelets, truly smoked bacon, the best grits in town, andouille Benedict, french toast with fresh blueberry compote, and and and... i could go on and on! Let's just say awesome food overall. 
They don't cook with loads of salt. So if you're watching salt intake - you're good! There are both sea salt and fresh pepper grinders on each table. This is another plus for me. I love fresh ground pepper and sea salt. 
https://www.fullblastbrunch.com/menu/
We truly feel like we're treated like family. 
Great hidden gem!I was meeting my husband in Mid-City for breakfast and decided to try a new restaurant. Fullblast Brunch did not disappoint; expectations were exceeded! The waitress was very nice and the food was delicious. I had the Cajun scramble with avocado on the side and hot passion tea. It was a big portion, very filling. My husband had the pan-seared crab cake breakfast (Benedict style), which was very tasty. We plan on visiting again to try some other dishes.Visited here recently. Started with a mango mimosa which was very good. Ordered the French toast. It's the French toast that's made of French bread. Not my fav type but still flavorful and good. Bacon and eggs were very good as well. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles which I tried. Waffle comes with pecans and this glaze that makes syrup totally unnecessary. The chicken is flavorful. Our server Jonathan was very nice and very attentive! Would definitely go backThe food and service were great. The Cajun scramble, chicks and waffles and mimosa trio very good.Our server this morning was amazing! The food was great. I would recommend the Cajun scramble. It was amazing. Add a little bit of hot sauce to it and you'll love (if you're into a little spice). Mimosas and margaritas were also very good. Thank you!Went here today and almost wish I was hungover because the pork grillades and poached eggs on home fries really hit the spot. The pork was tender and flavorful, the poached eggs cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were pretty much just used as a vessel for the gravy. Decent prices, tasty food, perfect location, and NOT Ruby Slipper. What's there to not like?Visited twice for brunch during our week in New Orleans.  Good service and food.  Shrimp and grits was a stand-out.  Check for specials--the fried fish with grits and andouille gravy was excellent.  Chocolate chip waffle also delicious.  Drink menu solid.I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a few friends. I had searched Yelp for brunch spots and saw that it was relatively new so I told my friends to meet me there. The service was great. I forget our waitresses name but I do remember that she's from New York. She was super nice and attentive. It was pretty busy when we got there. We had a short wait for a table. The food was very good. I ordered the shrimp & grits, which had a very dark and rich sauce. It had too many onions for my taste but I'm just not a fan of onions. The grits were nice and creamy. It was quite flavorful and had 6 good sized, clean shrimp on it and came with two pieces of toast. My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. Especially the friend who got the crab cake Benedict, which I sampled. I also ordered a mimosa and it was super cute and had a good champagne to OJ ratio just like I like it. I just wish they offered a bottomless mimosa deal. The restaurant is kind of hidden. It's on a corner off of Canal and has street parking around it. The restaurant was clean and inviting. I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.Outstanding meal and actually unexpected. My crab Benedict was perfectly seasoned and the eggs just right. It went wonderfully pairef with the mango mimosa and cheese grits. 
If I lived there I would make it one of my staple breakfast restaurants. It's an unassuming small homey like eaterie which made it even more of a gem.Loved this little spot in Mid-City! We had some friends in town so we decided to give it a try. Upon arrival I realized this used to be ruby slipper! I loved them so I hoped their food would meet my expectations! They certainly did! Our waitress was so wonderful! She was attentive, friendly, but not overbearing. For a Saturday morning the place had a Medium crowd not too crazy but bearable, I ended up getting the Cajun scramble with a side of avocado, it consisted of sausage, shrimp, red onions, tomatoes and cheese over some breakfast potatoes! Delicious! My boyfriend ended up getting the chicken and waffles which were equally as delicious! Overall I was pleasantly surprised since this spot had replaced one of my favorite brunch spots! The prices were very reasonable as well! We will def be back!This was a great find. Everything we had was perfect, and with a legit NOLA/Gulf South twist. We had a lot of general breakfast fare and also a cheeseburger and crab cakes. It was all tasty and prepared exactly as we had ordered it. All served up with fantastic service. Great addition to the neighborhood. Also, importantly, cocktails were all on point.Absolutely amazing! I was so used to this location being Ruby Slipper, but Full Blast is definitely setting the tone with their amazing menu. I ordered the chicken and waffles. I know, I know. The usual.. but, these chicken and waffles were delicious! The chicken was fried in a light batter and the waffle was super fluffy. My guest ordered amazing food as well. I was not disappointed and will be back!Amazing crab cakes!! All the food was delicious.
We came here before heading to the airport and I'm glad the owner squeezed us in on time. Service is friendly and the locals appear to enjoy it because there was a line. Thanks for the great service and amazing food!Needed a breakfast place to eat so I just fished  around on Yelp... HOMERUN! Looks can be deceiving, and looking at the location being so residential you 2nd guess yourself. But it was EXCELLENT!
Michelle was our hostess and server. She was very nice. Chris(assuming he is the owner) very attentive, helpful with recommendations in seeing the city. He interacted with us and the cooking staff very nicely. He makes people feel at home. You can tell by the numerous repeat customers that they know by name. 
Food is straight Deliciousness' and comes out way too fast to be that good. Easy to park and they have a small lot in the back. Choose this location and you will not be disappointed.The crab cake omelet was fresh and definitely delicious!   The Mardi Gras Tequila Cooler is worth trying!  Kudos to the chef and bartender.My husband and I truly enjoyed Full blast Brunch which we had a chance to visit while vacationing in New Orleans. Oh, how we wish it was closer!
Full blast is housed in a corner about 1 block from Canal Street and the convenient streetcar stops. We were extra lucky because we stayed just around the corner from this restaurant making it the perfect location for us to stop for brunch or lunch.
We had brunch every day here except the days that they are closed, Tuesday and Wednesday.
The interior is inviting and homey, the service friendly and efficient, the food is amazingly good! My husband became a fan of their Full blast breakfast which consisted of 2 eggs, andouille sausage and bacon, breakfast potatoes, grits and toast. Oh, my! Those grits! Creamy and rich! He loved the Crab cake Benedict even more!!! 
I enjoyed their Cajun Scramble, a mix of sausage, shrimp in a red sauce with cheddar cheese over potatoes. I absolutely loved their Creole Shrimp and Grits! A delight!
We also enjoyed their freshly brewed coffee and both of the Mimosas, orange and mango, made from freshly squeezed juices!
We had a great experience at Full blast where the owner, Christopher, his staff and patrons made us feel welcomed but Chris's attention, creations and dedication won us over for life! Oh, how we wish he was closer!The food is incredible! I had the Chicken & Waffles, Catfish and grits, and French Toast w/ bacon! And the Old Fashion was made to perfection! Impeccable service!I stopped into this tiny cafe for an early brunch and I was lucky that I was able to grab a table just as someone else was leaving.
Going in, you should know that this place is pretty small. If you have to wait for a table, please wait outside so as not to take up too much space. I was pretty hungry, so I decided to get the pork grillades Benedict and a small bowl of the full blast grits.
The pork grillades benedict is huge chunks of pork and gravy served with eggs Benedict on top with sliced potatoes on the side. It was delicious! The pork was so tender and the gravy was delicious. This honestly felt like more of a dinner than a breakfast, but I loved it. 
The full blast grits is grits topped with bacon and cheese and it's as decadent as you can imagine. A large bowl of this would easily be enough for a full meal, even though it's offered as a side. There's just something magical about melty cheese and bacon on top of savory grits. Needless to say, I had plenty of food to take home.
The waiter was attentive and the staff was great. My only complaint is how small the place is and I kept getting bumped because I was seated right by the door. Next time I'm going to request a table more in the back, even if I have to wait. The food was fantastic and I'll be back.New but classic proven New Orleans chef makes a damn creative be breakfast.  You'll love it.This is superb food at an affordable price! The crab cake Benedict and grits was amazing! I also ordered the mango mimosa which was delicious. Relaxing atmosphere!Full blast brunch was a pleasant surprise! I remember when Ruby Slipper was here so maybe that lens itself to the easygoing, laid back vibe of the restaurant. Not really a big place,  just about 10 tables and pretty low key staff. Typical neo-MidCity vibe (i.e. quasi-gentrified) so prices around $10-$15. I had the crabcake omelet with grits and a side of bacon.  Let me tell you something.  I'm not ashamed,  I LOVE bacon.  And whatever pig they cut this here bacon from must've been a blessed pug because that was probably the BEST bacon I've ever had.  Yep. You read right.  And the carbcake omelet entree is filling and sooo good. The fruits were creamy and well seasoned.  I ain't gonna lie, they could've kept then lil dry, breakfast potatoes tho. But everything else was so good I can't even hold back a start for that.  My hubby had the French toast and said it was really good. My mother and sister had the full Blast breakfast and man that's a lot of food. I will definitely keep this lil spot on mind. Oh and most importantly,  the mimosas (cranberry,  orange, and mango) were on point.  At $6 you might as well! So go check them out. Next time I'll try lunch.Wonderful place.  Great food for a large group
 Not a long wait at all.  Eggs Benedict were amazing! Bring the whole family!As a first timer in New Orleans it was nice to eat along with the locals. This is a small restaurant so there is a personal feel to it. The wait staff is very friendly and professional. The restaurant was clean. I ordered the Fullblast Benedict and a Belgian waffle with blueberry compote. I expected more flavor in the Benedict dish but it wasn't bad.The food is incredible! I had the Chicken & Waffles, Catfish and grits, and French Toast w/ bacon! And the Old Fashion was made to perfection! ImWonderful place, friendly, attentive, caring staff! Food was served fast fresh & delicious! We were all greeted by the manger, & even tho I am a Rams fan, she still showed me much love. We'll DEFINITELY come back again & again when in NOLA!I decided to try Fullblast Brunch on a whim, before heading out of New Orleans. It is a cute little restaurant with parking in the back. We were greeted immediately and then seated. The menu has great options for both brunch and lunch. I decided to go with the crab cakes (lunch menu) and they were delicious! When my food came out, I felt like I was at a super fancy restaurant because of the way it was served. My boyfriend ordered something off of their breakfast menu that was pretty good. Their iced coffee and bloody Mary's are also amazing. I highly recommend trying Fullblast Brunch if you are in the New Orleans Area. Not only is the food yummy, the atmosphere and service are also amazing!!! Everyone there is super nice. You will not be disappointed!This place was amazing!!! Our waitress Ashley took great care of us and CHEF MIKE did his thing on the grill! The fish and cheddar jalapeno grits were amazing. The cranberry mimosas were delicious as well! I will definitely be coming back on my next visitI'm always looking for new brunch spots and this one hit the spot. There are plenty of Benedict's to choose from and the drinks are decent. We ordered Bloody Mary's and couldn't resist the mimosa flight which came with orange, cranberry and mango juices.The food was delicious! The service was great!! I had the Cajun egg scramble that was very good and a nice size portion. The potatoes were cooked perfect !!  I prefer my coffee a little stronger but overall this place is in my top 5 for breakfast and brunch places to eat!!Incredible local breakfast place brunch wonderful selection chef came out to our table knowledgeable staff good service can't wait to come backThis is a great breakfast spot! Service was exceptional and the food was delicious. The waitresses were a lot of fun and took great care of us seeing we were hurting from a little too much fun the night before.This little hidden gem off of canal street behind Mandinas is AMAZING!!!!Crabcake is the best I've had in town . We tried a couple of dishes Cajun scrambled, Chicken Maliense, Shrimp & Grits, & to finish it off the meal with French toast . The service and management was delightful . This will be our new Brunch spot in midcity . Hats off to FullBlast Brunch job well done & Michelle our server we felt like we were at home .The food was awesome the flight of Mamosa's well! I'll definitely be back! The place is a real friendly service is a bit slow! But all in all it's a good place to go for intimate date and awesome food!Very good food. Everything on the menu looked good. It was a hard decision. Staff was friendly, food came out fast. The apple juice is fresh and the mimosa's looked good. They also serve beer. We will be back for sure.Great neighborhood corner spot! Prices higher then your typical breakfast spot bit worth it as the quality and quantity are all you seek.Full blast breakfast was so good! Love love love the hospitality at this place, in LA I feel like that is a hit or miss with servers. Servers go above and beyond to make you feel welcome. Crab cakes are Delish, must try.Omg! Best brunch spot in Nola! Highly recommend getting the crab cakes ! I had one with my meal and one as "dessert"Good food. Good service. Staff was very friendly with the kids. Crab cake Benedict was pretty good. French toast was nice.This new to the neighborhood spot is a must visit. This was my first time in New Orleans and my first stop for food upon my arrival. Food was amazing and the service even better. Owner and executive chef stopped by my table to check in. I had the chicken and waffles and cleared my plate clean, which seemed to be a common theme across all the tables. Support this gem.Food and service were great. We had the French toast and bacon and iced coffee- all were excellent. Service was perfect! I def recom for an easy yummy brunch!This is a small hidden gem right off of Canal Street. Food was delicious and the service was excellent! Highly recommend for a quiet brunch spot!Benedict! That's all I can say. Fullblast is a wonderful breakfast and brunch place. I met a friend there for a bite and they have like 5 kinda of Eggs Benedict and while I went traditional for round one I can see me going back for crab cake Benedict soon.Tried this place out for the first time last weekend and it was good. It's in the old Ruby Slipper spot in Mid City. I had the crabcake breakfast. The crabcakes were pretty good (very few shells). The eggs needed some seasoning but I did a quick fix. The mimosa was pretty good (could do without the pulp). Service was on point considering how busy they were and it was close to closing. Parking was easy, parked on the street but they have a small parking lot on the side. I'll go back and try something else out. For my first time, I approve.I'm not sure what yall ordered that made you guys compare it to the Ruby Slipper but this place was not tasty at all! I ordered the shrimp and grits and the initial taste in my mouth was not what I expected! The French toast looked like it was made with French bread and did not taste good either. Not worth the wait if you ask me.Best waffles I've had in a long time. The food was good, and the service was on point. Will be back!!Solid brunch, friendly staff. Slightly out of the way from the Quarter, but definitely worth it to avoid the lines and see a bit more of NOLA.This place was DELICIOUS! We went for a Sunday Brunch and the food was good and the service was great, even though the place was full. We ordered a few different things and shared with the table and everything was so tasty. We had the Cajun Scramlble, the Chicken and Waffle and the Smoked Sausage Benedict and they were ALL winners. If I'm every back in New Orleans, I'll definitely be stopping by again!Absolutely terrific breakfast was had by all. I had the crab cake breakfast, what a delicious Crabcake, crispy on the outside and tons of jumbo lump meat. A friend had the French toast with blueberries and an order of bacon. Perfect and delicious. A third friend had a standard bacon eggs grits and toast breakfast. Again, prepared so perfectly. This was delicious restaurant food, not average breakfast place food. We had very good service and a nice visit with the owner. I will definitely be back.AMAZING!! Crab cake Benedict was awesome, perfectly seasoned! Service was excellent, super friendly, easy going staff. Intimate, relaxing atmosphere. I've already recommended to friends.SO EXCELLENT. GO HERE NOW. 
Seriously, you will not be disappointed. We had the waffle sandwich, a chicken strips basket, and the steak Bennie with a mimosa and they were all outstanding. The breakfast potatoes with rosemary, the bernaise sauce, the extraordinarily fluffy eggs, and the service were all exquisite and you must go if you're in the area.Food was ok. Service very slow-not because of wait staff. They were the best part. Bartender was an ass.SIMPLY DELICIOUS, FLAVORFUL and just a Cozy spot! Even though I went on a Good Friday and could only have the seafood options... the option I choose was YUMMY. 
I ordered the crabcake breakfast. Crabcake with hollandaise sauce with 2 eggs, toast and a starch. I choose sourdough and grits. The crabcake was the right portion and filled with crabmeat. Impressive place and nice for either a quiet breakfast alone or a special date. I will be back and next time for something with meat !The flavor of this place is Fullblast! The Crab Cake Benedict & Creole Shrimp & Grits were CRAZY good.You are missing out if you don't have brunch here!  Get the mimosa flight (cranberry, mango and Oj)...this is a deal!  Menu has many delicious options.  I opted for the Cajun scramble with shrimp, andouille sausage, cheese, onions, tomatoes, and potatoes...this is heaven on a plate.  Huge portions for a reasonable price nothing more than $13.  This sounds very greedy, but I am because I ordered the loaded grits.  I want to swim
In them they are so good!  Don't take my word for it.  Just come next weekend for brunch.  It is a small location, so be prepared to wait.  Benches in front and off street parking with a small parking lot next to restaurant.  Wait staff is efficient and friendly.Revive was great our server "Chicago" was amazing and food was freaking great, great place to start Mardi grass!!!!It's been a while since I went here, I thought I had posted this review. I can't remember too many specifics, except that I really did not like the crabcake breakfast, which is what they push. Too many shells and not seasoned enough. They should probably take this off the menu. I will give them another try, and post a different review, this time without getting the crab cakes.I found this place through Yelp, and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. My friend and I arrived around 12:30 in the afternoon, and we were able to choose a table to sit at right away. When we sat down, we were greeted with menus and the special of the day (Catfish and Jalapeno cheddar grits w/smoked sausage gravy). Being one for new foods, I opted for the special, and paired it with an Irish Crème Iced Coffee. Food was brought out within a good amount of time, and it was set up perfectly. I had never had a combination like this one before, and I loved every bite of it. It felt like a home cooked meal away from home. I would definitely recommend this place as a spot to visit during your time in NOLA.Excellent location!
FullBlast offers a variety of delicious options, I
personally enjoyed the Anguilla sausage, scrambled eggs with some very fluffy grits 
Chris Belou and his team make you feel right at home, thanks again for your hospitality.Great spot! Came here and got the Cajun scramble with a side of Pico, very happy with me decision! Very good dish would definitely recommend it! 
My girlfriend got the crab cake Benedict it was one of the best if not the best we've tried. Hollandaise was incredible!! Also had the praline waffle to finish it off and it did not disappoint.This is a must visit when in the areaThe food was awesome!!  The wait staff was courteous and efficient. Great place to hang out with friends.Tucked into the neighborhood, I only found this place via Yelp. I probably would not have just stumbled upon it. So the ambience was nice, the staff was friendly, and most importantly the food was delicious. I had the crab cake omelet. And it was delicious.  They kept my coffee filled. And I went on a Wednesday morning it wasn't busy. Definitely recommend.We loved Fullblast Brunch! The food and drinks were amazing and our server, Chicago, was a blast! Good times and we will definitely be back.If you're looking for a great brunch spot and aren't very familiar with the area this is a great place to start.  I was in New Orleans for a weekend with some friends and found this quiet little spot just down the street.  The staff was very welcoming, the mimosas were tasty, and my choice (the lumber jack deal I believe) was just portioned perfectly.  Despite one minor mess I enjoyed my appearance !!Came here for brunch on a visit to NOLA. It's located in a quaint neighborhood right off Canal Street. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a brunch place and is very homey. Our server was amazing and extremely attentive throughout the entire meal. I had the White Russian Cappuccino to start with. It was great and combined two of my favorite things. I decided to order the Crabcake Benedict for my entree with the breakfast potatoes. It was one of the best benedicts I have had and that is one of my go to brunch entrees. I would highly recommend it to anyone. The potatoes were also very solid and well seasoned. A great place to grab a delicious brunch in NOLA.I was pleasantly surprised by the Fullblast Benedict.  Went in thinking I'd have the avocado/egg/toast, but upon learning they were out of avocados, I went for it and got the Benedict, which I was fully prepared to be a calorie bomb I'd regret.  Instead, a calorie bomb I don't regret in the slightest! The grit cake was QUITE lovely, and a decadent replacement for the English muffin in a traditional Benedict.  Chicken tenders were served on the side, which perhaps seemed a strange pair, but I left with a doggie bag of chicken tenders after a cleverly decadant Benedict, so no complaints, really!Excellent brunch, good prices and friendly service. The shrimp.and grits were delicious and the full blast breakfast is filling and tasty. My friends and I plan to come back.Recommended at our hotel and it was so great! Small place, but great food for a good price. I got the shrimp and grits and they were PHENOMENAL! Wait staff was great and patient with tourists. Would definitely return again. Also--mimosas were great and only $6!There's a great (and for us, undiscovered) collection of Mid-City restaurants, and Fullblast is one of them. Unpretentious and down home, we immediately felt at ease in Fullblast. And the breakfast ... holy hell. It *is* possible to get quantity and quality at the same time, and for a very reasonable price at that. Two thumbs up to Fullblast, and we'll definitely be back.I picked this place from Yelp simply because of the crab cake eggs benedict. This location is small and can get very busy very quickly but we didn't have to wait long. The waitress was great and the 3 for $16 mimosas were fantastic. We were a little bummed that avocado promised on everything but it turned out, they were out of avocado. Our breakfast was still delightful and probably the best eggs benedict I've had this side of New Orleans. My friends weren't all that impressed with the noise of the small dining room. It's obviously an older house that has been turned into a restaurant and the decor doesn't really flow well together. But hey, aren't all things New Orleans eclectic? If you're in that part of town, definitely drop by!Avocado toast and eggs were excellent. Fries are crispy and delicious.  Jalapeño cheese grit cakes are great. Huge portions- took half home.Best shrimp & grits I've had in ages! Awesome service as well. If you're in mid-city, don't miss it!Yummy food and mimosas. The only downside is that they were out of crab cakes, first thing in the morning. That was one of the items that I had my eye on before coming. However, the Cajun scramble was delicious!I ordered a chicken BLT with a side of fully loaded grits! So good for a brunch item! Service was quick even though she had a room full of customers! Very attentive.During our short stay in NOLA we came here for breakfast TWICE! That just goes to show you how good this place really is. The first time here I got poached eggs over pork and gravy with hollandaise - oh my goodness *drool* it was amazing. My friend had gotten the shrimp & grits and once I saw it I knew I had to make another trip back for breakfast, and that is exactly what I did. the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the grits were hot and delicious - the rosemary gravy was really something. 
The place has a good amount of room and the service was fantastic! Helpful, friendly, quick - you really can't ask for anything more than that. 
I would 100% go back if/when we're in town. 
Do yourself a favor and get to Fullblast!Don't judge the book by the cover! This place looked not promising but as you go inside is nice and bigger. The food ate FABULOUS!!! We love everything in the menu, the price is right. The servers are nice and friendly.  HIGHLY recommended!!!!Real food deliciously prepared! Great service as well! This is a hidden gem that's worth a visit.This is my fav breakfast place.  I'm addicted to the avocado toast dish.  The breakfast potatoes are the most crispy and seasoned to perfection. My better half loves the steak and eggs.  Ingredients are fresh and top quality. The staff are great, the service is fast and friendly.  The coffee is self serve bottomless cups.  
Out door seating is a plus.We were visiting the area and this restaurant had great reviews and was #2 recommended near me. The waiter was new and super friendly, she took our orders correctly with 10 minutes of being at the restaurant. The staff seemed friendly until we started complaining about orders. We only waited 5 minutes to be seated and they ran out of avocado right as we showed up. We waited 25 minutes for the food, which was not an issue because it was rush hour, but when the food came to our table 4 out of 5 orders for my party were incorrect or missing items. (eg. Over toasted bread instead of English Muffin, no toast at all and when it came back it was over toasted too, grits instead of fruit, and the worst no cheese in the scrambled eggs.) Now I am not an irrational person so we ask for the some items to be fixed and for the most part it was. But we asked for eggs scrambled with cheese and we got cheese on the side after the eggs were cold and the cheese was inedible in a huge half melted chunk as displayed in images. At this point we didn't want to complain yet again, so we ate our cold eggs and awesome waffle and potatoes and left the cheese. My review is a 4 star because what was made correctly we enjoyed but the rest of the items were below par.Love this relatively new neighborhood brunch spot! Been several times since opening and is by far my favorite place for brunch. Great menu, food and service.In a pinch we stopped at Fullblast before a cemetery tour and it did not disappoint!! Our food was absolutely delicious and the food came out so quickly!! A gem of a find in mid cityMy new favorite for brunch with a couple suggestions.  Menu did not have biscuits or hot tea when we went but hopefully they do now. Both of those items are an expected and comforting addition to breakfast and brunch. 
Homemade biscuits bring customers back!  Other food was good.Flew into New Orleans on 11/22 for my birthday weekend and arrived a bit too early for our AirBnB check in time. Full Blast brunch was a short walk from our location so we decided to give them a try. Upon arrival we were immediately greeted by Kenneth, who also served us. 
The mimosas were delicious, the food was delicious, the serve was really great. Kenneth went out of his way to write down a list of things for us to do while we were in New Orleans and we got to try almost everything on that list. It made our trip much better as we didn't have too much info coming into the city about what to do. 
I highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area. If we return to New Orleans we will definitely eat here againI picked up breakfast for me and a few friends here the other day. We all the food was just ok. It was all just really bland. I might try this place again for a sit down breakfast, but there are other places I would recommend more.The food was amazing! And our local brunch spot once inhabited by The Ruby Slipper is back. We were sad when the slipper left but honestly and even better restaurant replaced it. And it's not anything like the over crowded experience we used to have when it was the slipper. The food was better, service was awesome, drinks were good, and I didn't have to share the back of my chair with a stranger. I did not leave a crumb on my plate. 
I'm so happy this place exists now! My girlfriend equally loved it as well!I decided on this place for breakfast during my 2nd visit to New Orleans. Previous reviewers were right. This place  is a hidden gem. My friend and I arrived and took a seat at any table. We were given a menu and immediately started drooling. We wanted to try everything. I was about to order a boozy drink when my friend directed me to a chalkboard behind of me with the daily specials. I inquired about the Hot Toddy on the chalkboard. It's hot Whiskey with honey and lemon. It sounded so great that I gave it a try. Oh, it didn't disappoint me one bit. It was so good that my friend ordered one for herself. We tried the Trio of Mimosas, Fullblast Breakfast and the Cajun Scramble. I gotta say that we were both impressed with this place, service, friendliness and food. The grits was made just perfect. Creamy and not grainy. The Cajun Scramble was full of flavor and packed jumbo shrimps. I wanted to order seconds. We'll definitely be backHidden gem in mid city. It can be busy at times, but you will always be served with a smile. We went there for breakfast, and the food was very good and tasty. The portion are reasonable and you will leave full . It seems that most the clientele are locals , I am happy we stumbled upon that restaurant.Food was pretty good and reasonably priced ...the mimosa was bomb live a good drink to start off my morning I had 3 !We had high hopes for this spot near our hotel, but, alas! Our visit resulted in us spending our last day in the Big Easy within toilet's reach. I think I understand why it's called fullblast--within a half an hour post-consumption, your digestive system will release its contents at an alarming volume and velocity. Not worth the physical and emotional pain. Food was not fresh or prepared with love, contrary to the majority of other restaurants in the area.Yessss 5 Stars. Do yourself and anyone else that's a food lover. I'll let you in on s lil secret now, the wait is worth it. We had the crab cake, with grits, English muffin, soft scrambled eggs (perfectly cooked). Second plate the chicken and waffles with the praline sauce and pecans OMG, definitely Good. 
What ya waiting for get there already, you won't be disappointed. Bam.This is a cute little brunch restaurant in the middle of a neighbor; we came across on Yelp while traveling through New Orleans.  The staff is very friendly even with them being busy with the Saturday crowd. My husband orders the steak Benedict and I ordered the steak and eggs with poached eggs.( Same price/ only difference mine came with toast).  Sadly with both dishes our eggs had been cooked too long and where more hard boiled than poached. The overall taste of the Benedict was changed due to this. My steak was tender but seemed to be lacking seasoning. I did enjoy the red onions that came with the steak it was delicious. The prices are a little higher like $4 for a cup coffeeWe went to this restaurant, thinking it would be The Ruby Slipper, where we had gone for years. When we discovered that it had changed hands nearly a year earlier, we decided to stay and give it a try. Great food. Our server was wonderful and attentive, but the greeter was nasty. 
We asked for extra napkins, and she provided them grudgingly, saying, "I will do it, but we aren't supposed to. They are expensive!" They were paper napkins! 
I asked for the manager, and he (also the owner) was surprised that she had said that, apologized, and said he would address the attitude with her.
We finished our meal and left, never to return, because there are too many great breakfast restaurant choices it NOLA, with a more courteous wait staff.Located in the same cute little house off Canal that formerly was occupied by a Ruby Slipper, Fullblast Brunch is a perfect fit.  Celebrated the Pirate's birthday here with friends.  we called ahead as we were a party of 6 and this is a small space. We grabbed drinks at the bar, situated in the middle of the main dining room.  There;s not much room, but just as we had drinks in hand they were showing us to our table on the split level dining area.
I ordered egg benedict, Pirate just wanted Crab cakes and the boy order French Toast, with a side of bacon (his staple), one guest is following a Keto regiment and they were able to find plenty to eat.  Everyone seemed happy, our waiter was pleasant and kept our mimosas flowing. I'm a breakfast sort of gal and I really like what Fullblast had to offer.
Let's start the count down until I return again....10...9...8...7.....What can I say about this life-altering experience...
From the food, to the atmosphere, and ultimately the customer service, this place was nothing short of AWESOME! 
This hidden brunch gem is located in a quiet uptown neighborhood and is easily accessible. Parking is a tad bit tough as their parking lot is quite small but no need to worry there is plenty of street parking! 
The customer service was nothing short of EXCELLENT! We were the only customers in the place this particular morning and were treated like royalty. The staff are all friendly and always smiling!As soon as you walk-in you are instantly made to feel welcomed and at home. 
The FOOD WAS PHENOMENAL!!! Breakfast has always been my favorite meal of the day and Fullblast only made that infatuation stronger! The food was fresh and prepared with love! 
I will definitely be back soon and I will be sure to bring friends! Oh! And, I forgot to mention they have ALCOHOL!!!Such a great breakfast place!!! The waffles are fluffy and delicious!! The traditional Benedict was great. The jalapeño cheddar grits cakes are pretty awesome! And they have mango mimosas which are delicious and so worth a visit! The only disappointing part was the lack of bacon on the French toast and bacon option..it came with three large pieces of French toast and a single small piece of bacon. The ambiance is pleasant, the place is fairly small so it can get crowded later in the day. Service was wonderful.I highly recommend this place for breakfast, brunch. My waiter, Connor, was very friendly and attentive. You do have to wait for a table, but it took less than 10 minutes to be seated. I really enjoyed the French toast with the blueberry and bacon. A New Orleans tradition is to use French bread to make French toast, which is how they prepare it here. It was delicious and I enjoyed the fact that the blueberries were on the side so you can have a few bites with the flavor of blueberries and A few bites with just the powdered sugar and syrup. That's a neat way to mix up the flavors of this meal. The smoke bacon was very flavorful and cooked perfectly to be crisp and chewy.Disappointing. Nothing was seasoned. Came out lukewarm and needed piles of salt and hotsauce to have any flavor at all. Eggs and chicken were overcooked, dry, and tough. Definitely needs improvement.I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch on my Anniversary. Upon arrival we were being escorted to the back of the restaurant to a tiny table. ''This was unacceptable due to the many empty tables up front. Not to mention we were celebrating our Anniversary and wanted it to be special. I asked for a table up front and immediately told them it was our Anniversary. Our waiter's name was Conner. He also was the seater.  He was a pleasant young man and served us well after the Anniversary discussion. I recalled loved my crabmeat omelette.Just left this little gem!!  Opened about 2 months ago and I can promise you we will be back very soon!!  First of all, the staff are extremely friendly and accommodating!!  They didn't blink an eye when my 10 month old kept throwing pieces of French Toast on the floor while calling for our Puppy!  ‍ My husband got the Steak Benedict and he expressed how the steak was perfectly cooked.  The sauce that accompanied it was very tasty and unique as well.  I got the Pork Andouille Benedict and it was delicious!!  The potatoes were crispy but soft and delicate on the inside.   The morning cocktails are good; we got the coconut punch (I would suggest holding the whipped cream and ask for less ice), but it was very refreshing!  The Mango mimosa was really good; hopefully, after they get established they will upgrade to larger glasses!  .  The pour overall was decent.  I've already texted several people inviting them to our next visit the Fullblast!!We were looking for a place to eat without having to wait an hour to be seated! We were immediately seated upon entering. Food was delicious. The best grits I've ever had!
Hands down a great place to get delicious food away from the crowds and the long wait lines! Will definitely come back!
Much love from New York!!!!!Had a aweful experience during Mardi Gras . Had the FullBlast breakfast eggs overdone , potatoes cold , grits weren't creamy & toady hard like a rock , 
French Toast was soaked in blueberry sauce & moist in texture , no Gluten free options unless you want sides . Crab cake omelet greasy and soaked in butter on plate . Couldn't get grits as a side because they ran out . What breakfast place runs out of grits . Ugh . Don't order griddles & grits because this dish isn't what is known in New Orleans as dish . A sloppy mess of shredded pork over grits . Food was cold ,drinks from the bar took forever to get to table , & our check took forever as well , staff was unknowledgeable, no urgency & a terrible experience. Owner Chris Beleou the Ex Ruby slipper employee & thief that stole this establishment right under his ex employers back was a train wreck & obviously doesn't know how to run a restaurant with this experience we had Saturday . He looked as if he had no clue what was going on in his own restaurant . CLUELESS!!!WHAT A WASTE of money . We asked for Michelle our favorite waitress to find out she wasn't there anymore & was told the young lady that was taking care of us was just as good as her was a COMPLETE JOKE . She was terrible and nothing like her (Ashley was terrible ) So please Chris don't belittle & disrespect our girl Michelle because there is no one in your establishment as good as her . If you think so your a COMPLETE IDIOT!!! Save your money go over to the Ruby slipper on banks , Canal street Bistro , Biscuits& Buns , Wakin' Bakin & Vessel down the street for brunch . This place has gone down . Wish Ruby Slipper could occupy this spot again .Have been here several times.  First review.  Food here is so good. Recommend the Full Blast!   The jalapeno cheddar grit cakes were amazing.  Service was awesome and get a table outside if you can.Great food, I recommend Fullblast Benedict, and my date enjoyed the chicken and waffles. However, their lack of host at the front fails to give a sense of direction. Also, I ordered the chocolate milk, and was disappointed to receive white milk, with chocolate syrup stirred in. That's not chocolate milk. For that they receive 3 starts from me.Discovering this spot just a few minutes from us in Mid-city was AMAZING. We came in on a Saturday, and sat outside at one of their great patio tables. Super easy to order, get a number, and then the food came out within a few minutes (drinks were first). 
We kept it pretty simple - K ordered the steak and eggs (all done perfectly, and the breakfast potatoes were super crispy and seasoned). I splurged and ordered the Fullblast, which is a TON of food, and pretty rich, but just soooooo good. The corn/grit cakes were killer - the sausage gravy was just great, too. All was cooked just right, and we chowed down with GUSTO, my friends. 
We both got a vodka sweet tea (just felt right - don't judge!) and enjoyed a beautiful morning with great service and fantastic food. Ya'll should come on through!Best brunch place in New Orleans! The chef and proprietor, Chris, and his entire staff are personable and professional. There are weekly specials, i.e. catfish and grits, which are always delicious and fresh. My favorite dish is the pecan waffle with chocolate chips and warm maple syrup. Be sure to visit Fullblast Brunch.We just waited 15 minutes for a table only to leave, because other people were being offered a table that just walked in to the place.  We stood outside in the heat after placing our name on the wait list.  Terrible service!!!!  No we did not have a large party a party of two!Some of the best crab cakes I have ever had! They were doing a great job! Friendly staff and great foodThe food. The mimosas. The service. Exceeded our expectations!!! It was absolutely phenomenal! Patty was our server and she was the sweetest! She recommended some of her favorites on the menu and they were REALLY good! I'm not much of a "grits" person, but those were to die for! I highly recommend eating at this low key brunch spot!Simply the food has no taste, worst experience ever. We got the breakfast burrito and a steak Benedict both were horrible.Great food. Good service.  Enjoyed breakfast with my dad!!!!! I had the traditional Eggs Benedict sub ham for chicken with breakfast potatoes. Dad had omelet with breakfast potatoes. Both were equally delicious. Music pretty good playlist...old school.Get ready to wait & get ready to salivate 
Food - food was delicious, I would definitely recommend trying to Benedict! The home fries are PACKED with rosemary, it is a little off putting... I suggest not ordering unless you really like rosemary 
Interior - the interior is alright, not really aesthetically pleasing
Service - long wait, had to sit outside in the heat for over an hour!! It was so packed, had to wait on the side of the curb but the staff let us use the washroom and get water. You have to pay ahead which is strange considering you may not end up enjoying the food but I guess that's a bit of a money grab.Fullblast Benedict was awesome. I'd recommend this everyday. Get the fried catfish instead of the fried chicken as the side dish. And special thanks to Ken of their staff.I stayed at a local home and was craving a home feel breakfast and found this place within 5 min walking distance. Service was great and food was delicious.This is a wonderful brunch spot in NOLA. This was our first taste of Chicken and Waffles... We ordered extra, it was so good. We are coffee snobs, being from the PNW and all, but the coffee was wonderful. Turns out it's sourced here in the Seattle area. The Pork Grillades Benedict was so good, and the special that also included Fried Catfish, & Gritz hit that sweet spot. Our hostess and Server was one of our best yet. She really listened to our food needs (allergies) and made sure that the food was just right without any of the usual attitude we get. If you're in town for the Quarter, it is worth the RTA ride up Canal to get a bite at this place. Low-key and easy, just like NOLA used to be.Loved this place. They are very friendly. We got greeted starting by the bar tender and everyone we passed to be seated. 
We were a party of 13 people, we were seated on two different tables and we got a waiter for each table which was so nice. 
Our waiters were very friendly and attentive.
Food was delicious. Came out fast and hot. 
I ordered mimosa they were good and strong. 
Highly recommend this restaurant.The other reviews set my expectations really high for brunch here but ultimately I don't understand the hype. The interior is nice and the service was good, it wasn't very crowded on a Saturday morning which I appreciated. However the food was only okay... we got the crabcake benedict and shrimp special benedict and they were both good but not overly impressive. They had instant grits and the coffee tasted like it was made with syrup. I think there are other brunch spots worth visiting first if you're only in town for a weekend!All the good things with grade 
A service.  Crab cakes with hollandaise were just as good as they sounded.  Poached eggs were perfectly cooked. Even my wife liked them and she usually is a no thanks gal. Waffle was fluffy and light. Blueberry compote was just right. Cheese grits were well executed and flavorful.  Not any negatives and par excellence on service. Get there when you can. Go early, go often.Situated in a quaint neighborhood and unless you know the area, you'd never know it's there. Now about the food.... THE BEST breakfast I've EVER had. The chicken and waffles are AMAZING and the grits are full of flavor! This place is a must try when in The Big Easy!My boyfriend and I ate here 3 months ago. It was so cute and intimate. We opted for outside dining. He had some breakfast platter and I had the Cajun seafood scramble. Service was wonderful and the two ladies working were super outgoing. We will definitely be back!I heard about this place from a good friend of mine. And this place exceeded our expectations!! Small locally owned place and great service. Our server Ryan, was very kind and accommodating. He was excellent on refilling our drinks and making sure everything came out perfect. Defiantly try to get here early to beat the rush. Overall great food, service, and prices. Will 10/10 recommendI very much enjoyed their food. I did not think it was the greatest brunch food I had, but I had nothing to complain there. 
Service is entertaining. Mostly young guys trying their very best to be good waiters, but they clearly are stretching themselves into the job!
Location is great, no traffic, no parking issues. It takes a bit to get there depending on which side of town you drive from.
Overall a very cute place with good food.Wow I'm glad I found this place good service and the brunch we had was awesome .The prices are not bad specially for a family of five .When ever we come back for vacation will always be back here .A hidden gem! Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the city, this is one of my favorite breakfast places to just sit back and relax. 
I'm a vegetarian, and selective about my food choices, but Full Blast's avocado toast, with potatoes and grits on the side, keeps me full and happy. I'm VERY particular about my grits and they have some of the best!
Not only is the food worth visiting for, but the staff makes you feel like home. They always remember my name and my usual order - it's like the "Cheers" of breakfast joints! Rose delivers service with style and a smile, she'll be your new best friend!This was a great spot for breakfast. I had the grillades and grits. It was delicious, especially the sauce. My fiancée had the full blast Benedict which was good and very filling, it can be split between two people. We also got mimosas which were good as well. This place is definitely worth a visit.What a wonderful place! Amazing brunch with great service!
The French Toast is a must here and the FullBlast is full of flavor! 
Thank you Yelp for let me find places like thisThis place is very good. Fresh delicious food. Clean bright restaurant. Friendly warm staff. Definitely worth a trip.Great place to eat! Owner is extremely friendly and welcoming food was great however French toast could have been a thicker sliceCompletely atrocious behavior by one of the staff members. This restaurant should be embarrassed by the tone she carries with customers and the unapologetic behavior she has. I have never been interrupted in the middle of a meal with my family by a waitress telling me "I need to MOVE MY CAR" 
By her rudeness, we all assumed I parked in an illegal spot. I was mortified that she took that tone with me in front of other customers. I went to move my car and they were emptying the dumpsters. I tried to leave the lot and was blocked in. What an AWFUL experience to have at a restaurant. I came back and in and was so shocked at the treatment I just received from her I couldn't even touch another bite of food. I told her she needs to learn how to ask for things politely, especially when someone else is not at fault. She had a disgusting response of "well I'm sorry you took at that way" and made her way past me. I didn't want the thousand apologies from the manager or from anyone else, but a single one from her. Did I get the one I deserved? No. My family and I left with such disdain. What a poor excuse of an employee.This place is definitely a hidden gem. Loved my avocado toast with guava mimosa! They also have a mimosa trio that you get that's Orange juice, mango and guava. Yummy!!!Excellent comme restaurant, petit mais très bon. Des plats sont très copieux, nous venons de Paris, n'ont pas l'habitude de manger autant le matin. 
Divers variété plats de petit déjeuner, voir spécialité du jour, la serveuse vous présentera. Je vous recommandeThis restaurant was super chill! My friends and I found this place and tried it on a whim based on its ratings. Very good spot that is small, not too busy, and great customer service. The scramble was delicious and had the perfect amount of all the Nola flavors you can ask for! The grits were to die for as well. Very creamy and the perfect texture! The mimosas were made just right. Couldn't pass up a 3 for 1!So good. Came by based on a quick review check. The potatoes were like a nice little thanksgiving flavor surprise. Check it out y'all!I thoroughly enjoyed the food & the ambiance, but the service and the flow of the place is weird. It's a brunch spot with the Bayou Beer garden fell.  You walk in, order your food, & then find a table.  I'm not how the bar situation works, but their was a young lady who kept coming to our table asking us about drinks.  I appreciated that.So I must say this was the best brunch spot I have eaten in NO. From the crab cakes to the chocolate chip waffle, shrimp and grits, seafood scramble, and let's not forget the flight of mimosas. Everything was absolutely delicious  II found this place using yelp.  We were in New Orleans for the Essence Festival and you know the popular restaurants in the French Quarters had lines out the door.  So before leaving the city, we decided to find a nice cafe out of the French Quarters and this one came up.  
The place is not too small, but very intimate.  We definitely would not have found it just riding around.  It's located more so in the middle of a neighborhood.  My party contained 4 people.  I had the shrimp and grits and they were delicious.  One had a kids meal, another shrimp and grits, and the chicken and waffles.  Of course we tasted each other's food.  Now the praline sauce for the chicken and waffles was SO DELICIOUS.  Never thought about using praline sauce with it, but it gave the dish and extra pop.  For our drinks, we had the mimosa trio each.  I had two mango and one orange juice.  The mango was very good.  
The staff was pleasant and the restroom was clean. I ended up bookmarking this place, because we travel to New Orleans about twice and year, and this will definitely be one of our stops.I've been eyeing this spot for quite some time now. BF decided he wanted to do brunch so I let him pick out the place. Well, this is why he ask me where I want to go because I definitely changed the place real quick. We pull up and it looks super busy. There were people inside, outside all over! So I jumped out and decided I would wait in line. I get to the door and the host told me that it was a quick wait. The process is to wait in line to order and then find a table. I was kinda of nervous finding a table and he said he would reserve the one outside for me! Isn't that so sweet?!? We wait outside until it was our turn to order because it is a small area. Once we ordered, we thought it would be long wait for our food BUT I WAS WRONG. We sat down, got our drinks, and within, 5-10 mins, our food was out and HOT! I ordered the chicken and waffles and he ordered the simple breakfast with two additional eggs. I did have a side of blast grits which was phenomenal. Grits loaded with bacon and smoked sausage and cheeeeseeeee! Definitely will be back.We were looking forward to brunch and were willing to wait, however the older woman there was incredibly rude. We were told table would be ready in 15-20 minutes. We waited 30 and went in to inquire how much longer. She said "I don't know but you need to wait outside". I understand Covid protocols but she was downright rude. We decided to take our business elsewhere. I prefer to give my hard earned money to an establishment that makes an effort to deserve it.Noticed 2 couples agitated upon walking in. They were due to close in 52 min., had tables available but made the couples wait, it seems, in hopes of them leaving. Once the hostess made it to us (6), she told us she just needed to clean a table in the back. After about 10 minutes, she spoke to the chef. After what looked like an agitated conversation, she returned to tell us the wait would be 30-40 minutes.  Yep, just in time to close!! 
This was a disappointment! Service = ! 
We decided on a go-to spot & went to Juan's Flying Burrito instead! Great decision for us.  Will not revisit this place. Nothing distinguishing about it. As a NOLA resident who frequents restaurants, def don't see longevity unless there are changes & customer consideration.Ok... so my husband and I born in raise here in NOLA, so we like to support local businesses.  I gave the place a three because of the service we received not because of the food.  The food was really good I like everything I order with the exception of it being warm.  However I notice our server had some regulars come in after we were seated and he took care of them and hisself before he even took our drink order. 2cd  thing is he repeatedly went to their table to make sure they had everything they needed, their coffee, juice, tea and water glasses and cups never saw the bottom where is my glasses was empty.  He never offered to refill my or my husband drink and the next time we did speak to our server was when he asked us if we were ready for our check. I guess it safe to say we won't be going back to Full Blast. 
either did his within the hour and half  that we was there the server had at least 2 cups of coffee.Awful food... the bacon straight up tasted like gasoline...we went a month ago so maybe things have changed idk but we aren't going back and we live right down the street from itSuch a cute place. Great food. Strong mimosas. Ken was by far the best. He made a personal list of places we should visit before leaving NOLA. Everything we ordered was amazing and tasty and flavorful. Def worth a try if you are in the area!The food was great and the waiter was nice, but I wanted to point out one incident that just ruined the whole breakfast with the family. We parked in a parking lot that we believed was meant for the restaurant. In the middle of our meal one of the waitresses came to our table abruptly interrupting us and harshly telling us that we had to move our car because we are blocking in the garbage truck. It was extremely rude and it in fact made my pregnant sister cry the way she talked to her. Even after my sister confronted the waitress about her being too strong she didn't apologize she just told my sister to move out of the way. It's our first time in New Orleans and she just ruined our first breakfast as a family. I guess southern hospitality doesn't extend to all the residents here.Stopped here for a quick bite before exploring City Park. Friendly servers and delicious food! This place feels like home. I had the chicken with waffles and it was the perfect amount of sweet and savory. Parking was easy on a Friday afternoon, we just parked right next to the restaurant on the streets. Would come back next time I'm in New Orleans just for the A+ service :)This is the perfect little brunch cafe! The food is...OH MY GOD ! I am as full as a tick! The portion sizes are ...let's just say I could've gotten full off of a side of loaded grits alone ! Soooooo yummy! Great service. Fast service. Our drinks never went unattended. We'll be back !A Mid-city Jewel! This is a place where you can feel the vibes of the city and feel like your at home. From the moment you walk in the door you know it going to be good. Yelp you did it again! The atmosphere, the staff and the food were all fantastic. I had a Simply breakfast and my wife had the Avocado Toast w/ herb olive oil breakfast.
It was amazing, the eggs were cooked to perfection. The potatoes with rosemary, cooked just right. Everything was awesome and the service and owner Chris was awesome as well. Highly recommend!We had originally planned on eating breakfast at Ruby Slipper but they had a 90minute wait on the morning we went. We scrambled for a different brunch place and the sun shined down on us to reveal this place!
It's located in a quiet residential area and perfect if you want to stay away from the crowds.
We came in as a party of 7 during our girls' weekend and each and everyone of us received fantastic service. I mean I asked if their OJ was fresh squeezed and the chef said "for you I will". What a wonderful find!
I ordered the Full Blast Benedict and added the crabcakes on the side. It hit the spot! The poached egg was slightly overdone but everything else totally made up for it. The crab cake was definitely more crab than filler the aioli that accompanied was yum!
My friends all said they would definitely come back with their respective hubbies the next time they are in town!Very Disappointing!! Coffee was like dishwater- in New Orleans- very embarrassing. Someone needs to teach the chef how to make grillades and grits.  What was served was more like tasteless carnita with watery sauce over even more tasteless grits. My husband who never complains about his food commented that his omelet was dry and very overcooked.  The potatoes were served cold and had a bad taste. I highly recommend a new chef.Loved it!! The food was great and filling, service was quick, and staff was friendly! Great addition to the NOLA brunch places and a definite must go again!Ordered online,the driver shows up for the order but the place isnt open.
They have a tendency to leave their apps open having paying customers charged and not serviced. This is UNACCEPTABLEI actually ended up at this place by accident as I was craving Ruby Slipper. We pulled up the building not realizing that it was no longer one of the locations (I don't  live in NOLA anymore). Since we were already here and starving, we decided to stay. Best decision of the day. The entire experience was superb from the friendly greeting when we walked in the door, to the different flavored mimosas (cranberry and mango) to the service and most importantly the food.
The portion sizes were huge!! I could have certainly shared a plate with someone as I only got through half of my food. We ordered the chicken and waffles and the Cajun egg scramble, both were delicious. The candied praline on top of the chicken was a nice and unique touch to the chicken and waffles. The eggs were seasoned very well with just the amount of saltiness without feeling like I was eating too much salt. 
Our waiter was very attentive as well keeping an eye on water levels and refilling even before they got low. 
So glad I found this place and decided to try it out. 5 stars!This is my favorite breakfast spot when I come to New Orleans. Great food, great staff. Always a must do or go to place on my list when in town.Food was good! If you're looking to sit down and have a causal brunch. The only thing is the drinks aren't served in glasses.This place is the cutest neighborhood brunch spot that we've gone to a few times. Their new protocol is that you place your order at the front counter and from there you're given a number and you go seat yourself and get water from the self serve areas. 
This time I got eggs Benedict and they were delicious. It comes with a large slice of ham, perfectly poached eggs and a delicious hollandaise sauce with a side of hash brown potatoes. It's a large meal and I'm usually only able to finish half so it easily could be shared.The food was great, I'd come back again, but the older woman hostess has a horrible attitude. In my honest opinion the business would do much better without her.
Cheers.Food is really good come out hot and fresh, nice location friendly staff. The French toast is very goodVisited Nola for the weekend and decided to try this place for brunch. 
Covid-19 adjustments caused our party of 7 to be split between two tables across the room from
each other and instead of table service, you have to order at the counter and then they bring the food
to you. The service was great, in spite of the adjustments. Food came out fast and hot. I ordered the veggie omelet with potatoes. The ingredients were fresh and it was seasoned just right. The mimosas were served in small plastic cups and they weren't worth the $6 price. I'm use to $1 mimosas or $20 for unlimited! But I digress.
Parking is limited so expect to park on the street and walk. This place is cute, food was decent but not a place I would go out of my way to revisit. If I lived in the area then I could see coming here again but not for an out of
town experience. 
And I understand Covid has affected how we normally do business but I don't think my review would be much different had I visited this place prior to our new normal.It's a hit...  we went to celebrate one of the office staff birthday and we are please we chose this spot. It's less then 5min from our office in mid-city but this is the 1st time we've venture to this spot. Upon entering this establishment they recognized that we had a birthday girl with us, who was wearing a birthday hat. The 2 servers checked on us constantly and provided us with great service. The service was so good i almost forgot to mention how much we enjoyed our food.. the food came out quick and hot.Fullblast Brunch was an excellent choice for Sunday Brunch. The service was speedy. The staff was friendly and professional which made the overall experience very satisfying. The food was really good. I would suggest adding green onions and sour cream to the loaded grits. ( just a suggestion) I will definitely be returning whenever I'm in New Orleans.Bloody Mary is underwhelming. I had the steak Benedict, served over unseasoned breakfast potatoes. Steak was "meh" but the Irish coffee was decent.I have to admit that I was skeptical of coming to a new brunch place inhabiting the old Ruby Slipper. My expectations were high as I have many great memories of spending post-call breakfasts there sipping mimosas and eating big breakfasts. Happily, Fullblast Brunch does the location and my memories justice in a different way. 
The menu is focused and hearty, with the prices on par with other breakfast/brunch places in the city. They had a few specials, which sounded good and were in sync with other items offered. 
-Breakfast burrito special with meat gravy: really good for a Southern take of what I think of as SoCal hangover food
-Andouille sausage with poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce: great portion size, tasty sausage, crispy potatoes and well poached eggs - what's not to like? My only complaint here was I would have liked a splash more of the Hollandaise. 
Most of all, the service was fabulous and the multiple unprompted coffee refills very appreciated. 
Regarding kiddos: they were kind and accommodating. We were fine seated in the main area (always thinking about an easy escape plan/access to the outside in case of inconsolable crying baby), but there was also a family with 2 young kids and another family with a younger infant in the upper areas where the old fireplace is. Overall - kiddo approved and a great place to start my kid friendly list off.Great food and service. Will def be going back. Had the Cajun Scramble and the smoked  Sausage BenedictThe food was okay, I realized after eating that I didn't have the blueberry compote:(. Today they were very busy, so I'm willing to try this restaurant again on a different day. They have 4.5 stars, so I imagine there are good flavors to be tasted and great meals to be had.I enjoyed Fullblast brunch..I definitely will be back to try everything on the menu! The trio mimosas were everything definitely get the trio!This place was awesome! I got the steak Benedict and my girlfriend got the breaded pork chop and grits. We went on a Sunday morning and only had to wait about 10 min to order. The only negative I have about this place is I didn't receive my coffee until after my meal and it was never refilled and it seemed like they forgot to bring mimosas to the table because those came towards the end of our brunch. But the food was 10/10 and overall a great brunch!In from California for the ESSENCE Festival. Rent some bikes and rode from downtown street down Canal street. It's just about a mile and a half but worth the ride.
I had the full blast practice which consist bacon sausage eggs toast grits and potatoes! It was simple but very delicious. My Husband had The Yucatán breakfast. The tortillas were fresh, the pork was well seasoned, with a trio of great salsas. Black beans were good and only needed a little salt to become great.
And lastly the service was excellent! Everyone was very friendly, and extremely attentive.So let's get this cracking! Found this spot on Google, and it was amazing! The 2 guys working the front counter were super friendly. Took our menu and was able to sit at a clean table. Placed my order for shrimp & cheddar Omelet with egg whites and a side of fresh fruit! Man it was hit and good!  My total was $17 and I included a tip. Let's just say I'll be back & I'm bringing ppl with me!My husband really likes this place. He ordered the steak and eggs. He likes it well done, although there was obvious pink inside. I ordered the simple breakfast, which was yummy. We had plans on sharing the waffle, but I ate majority of it. 
This is a small and intimate restaurant. There is no where inside to wait for a table, so it's best to beat the traffic. First time we came here, we waited in the rain. This time around, we beat traffic and were sat immediately.This is a great little neighborhood brunch place. I've been here a few times. The most recent time they were operating a little different. Now you put in your order at the counter go pick a seat and they bring you the food. Which I assume is for easier COVID protection. 
I always get a mimosa. Their juice is fresh and what's brunch without a mimosa. This time I got a mango, which was especially good. For my meal I was feeling an omelette so I got a meat lovers. It was cooked perfectly and stuffed to the gills with meats and cheese. 
This was my first time getting the omelette, my usual is the chicken and waffles. They use chicken strips, which is my preferred type for chicken and waffles as opposed to bone in. It's crispy and sweet and one of my favorites on the menu.This business is doing so good during Covid. They have a great system that they set up so that everyone is safe. The food was excellent! From the chicken and waffles to the cheese grits! Also, they have a mimosa trio that was perfect for brunch! Our server Alison was so sweet and made sure we had everything we needed. Ms. Rose took our order, she was also sweet and helped us out a lot with what we wanted to eat! If I could rate this restaurant 10 stars I would!It was the perfect spot for my birthday brunch. All I wanted was a great meal and I received that along with excellent service at Full Blast Brunch. My partner and I cannot wait to return with family.SO AMAZING! Ordered the eggs Benedict and they are to die for:) service was lovely and the place is clean and a fun vibeMediocre experience overall. 
Food was bland and over priced and took more than 30 minutes to get to our table. I had the fullblast benedict that comes with chicken- which i assumed would be tossed in a sauce or incorporated into the dish, but ended up being just chicken tenders unceremoniously thrown on the side of the plate. when i asked if they had any sauce to dip the chicken in the waitress said no. 
One friend ordered the irish coffee, they couldn't be bothered to fill the small diner coffee cup all the way-even later when someone else ordered one to go they didn't even fill it up half way. 
Lastly, the service was fine up until we gave our waitress our cards to close out our checks. She took our cards and disappeared for 15 minutes before we could close out. So disappointed- there are so many better (and cheaper) brunch spots in town, don't waste your money!Brunch is my favorite meal of the day, so I'm always on the lookout for a new option to potentially add to my "Top ten NOLA Brunch list".  Fullblast was very good, but didn't quite make the cut.  They excelled in the key areas of cleanliness, fast, friendly service, COVID-safe, hearty servings and decent mimosas.  Where they slightly missed the mark, in my humble opinion, is in creativity and putting out a truly memorable brunch experience.  The avocado toast and the western omelette were both good, but nothing special.  The breakfast potatoes were okay.  The toast was so-so.  
If you're in the neighborhood and looking for a quick and filling meal, give Fullblast a try, but if you're after an experience that will leave you checking your calendar for your next opportunity to visit and take your out-of-town guests, you can do better at a handful of places.  I'd put them on par with newer Ruby Slippers that have popped up all over town, but not even close to Elizabeth's or Atchafalaya.I ordered a veggie omelet which came with breakfast potatoes and an English muffin. The omelet was great, not too oily/greasy and not dried out. The potatoes were a little dry but not bad. I also ordered a mimosa, I wasn't impressed it came in a small 8 oz cup and cost almost $10 , overpriced for the amount served. Otherwise it was a cool spot and I will definitely return.I've heard hear things about this restaurant, but I wasn't impressed. I ordered French toast. It was ok but I've had better. Someone in my party had crab cakes. They were tiny and fried hard. I thought it was a potato. I would've been mad if I paid $22 for that. I have heard their waffles are good. The atmosphere cool and the servers are nice. My party was disappointed and said they'll give them 2 more try. I'm not, I'd rather try something new.Worth all the hype! The food was very fresh, chicken was nicely seasoned and the mimosa trio gets you right for brunch!Kind of a confusing place... it's a cafeteria style cafe with drinks..
You have to order at the counter then seat yourself.. you go back up to the counter to reorder drinks or food..!
It is away to keep servers to a very minimum... you serve your own water too.. does that mean I don't have to tip??
At least you don't have to Bus your own table... well I didn't anyway..
Food was good drinks were okay..!My first visit here and definitely won't be my last visit. Food was delicious. Staff was courteous. Atmosphere was very pleasant.Food came to the table pretty quickly.  Everything was delicious and packed with flavor.  The place is small but it was a beautiful day so we ate outside.It's a Fullblast mess! Eat here if you like chaos and mediocre (being generous) food. The waitlist is only for people who follow rules, because if you walk in order and find a table they just let you. Didn't get our drinks until our food arrived. The staff is lost and tried to give our drinks and food to other tables. The eggs were burned and had no seasoning. Please don't go here, it's not worth the frustration. Oh also when you ask for coffee they point to a corner and say get it yourself.So, we put our name on the list. We had a table of 8. We were told it was a 45mins to 1hr wait. The hr came & we went to check the status and were told our party was too large. We were wondering when we would be notified of that. 
We get seated, it took 20 mins to get water, then were told they are short staffed so we needed to go to the counter and order food pay in advance and it would be brought yo the table. Being from Atlanta, all of this was foreign & a clear indication they do not communicate here. 
Only reason they got 2 stars was because food was actually good. But sometimes the taste of the food isn't enough to over shadow bad/ineffective customer service.