Found this place on accident.  I turned down N. Anthony street and I wss supposed to turn after . Right away the place structure had me intrigued.  I almost ran into a car.  Lol. At first I thought Was a snowball stand, but once I went inside I smelled food and heard some good jams playing.   My waitress was nice and I was seated immediately along with my drink. I have never heard of this place before but What was cool is that the sign read "Bring your own Bottle" . Lol. I automatically enjoyed it. The outside is painted really nice. I get a very family oriented vibe with the picnic tables ( painted a pretty turquoise color). Ok so back to business,  my Food. I ordered the meat pizza. Took around 12min maybe, I was too busy jamming to pay attention to time, so I couldn't really tell you. It's delicious!  The sauce good, they are not stingy with the meat on this pizza at all. I am enjoying my meal. I love it. I Will be  back. Okay im back to re-edit this thang!!!just held a conversation with the managger, and I asked about the dough cause it so good, he told me that they make their own dough from scratch and indtead of the sugar, the uses real honey. He also let me know that they use their own garden grown vegetables for the pizzas. Everything is fresh! I love it and I will be back!  FOR SURE NOW CAUSE IM ACTUALLY EATING THE PIZZA CRUST AND I NEVER EAT THE CRUST!!I chose G's because if the good comments via the Nextdoor app.  The photos on Yelp, and rating.  Well, it's a great environment for pizza, and my order was just a large pizza half cheese and mushroom and half loaded.  I showed up to pick it up and was about to walk out then decided to check it.  Glad I did....
There was a clump of mushroom in one click on half, then just pep, mushroom, olive on the other with missing half the other toppings.  Just awful looking.
HOWEVER, the manage was not going to have that walk out the door.  He made me a new pizza which looked like it should.  Good recovery.... but the taste was "meh".  Almost tasted like a frozen pizza.  
I think next time I'll have to try a dine in.SLOW!!!
Food was decent but the service was slow and waitress was hit and miss. 
Deserves a second chance but not my first choice.I don't often post comments but I couldn't let this one go buy without one.  I had 16 friends coming to over for dinner. I saw G's flyer in my mail, read there specials.  I figured let's try it out.  
Not only was the Pizza DELICIOUS. (Bienville Supreme, Meathead, Nola Green Roots amazing),but I spoke with the manager the day before and as promised her had everything ready now time no problems.
I will definitely put this in my list of places I can count on.
ThanksI got really excited when I saw the Narcissist pizza on the menu. Artichokes! Pineapple! Chili peppers! It reminded me of a pizza I used to get at Magazine Pizza, which I'm realizing is because it is the same pizza. Except...not. 
I was fully prepared to like this place, but the food, service, and ambiance were all rather mediocre. I ordered takeout, and the lady at the counter was fine, not rude or anything, just extremely unenthusiastic. I got the Narcissist pizza, and I would have been fine paying $17 for a 14" pizza if it were good, but it tasted like the ingredients were just not great quality. There wasn't a lot of marinara on the pizza, and there was a little container of some white sauce on the side, which was kind of confusing. If you know your pizza doesn't taste good without condiments, you need to make your pizza better. 
I also ordered the spinach and artichoke dip, and I tried combining it with the pizza, but man, that stuff is so rich. I get that spinach and artichoke dip is supposed to be an indulgence, but it's also supposed to be edible, and this was just way too much. When fat is the only flavor, it's tough to enjoy a dish.
A note if you have kids, or delicate sensibilities: I was there at lunchtime on Ash Wednesday, and the music playing was some aggressively sexual R&B. Like, lots of explicit details about things you might not want to discuss with your kids/date/parents/anyone, ever. Not sure if this is the usual soundtrack or just a Catholic holiday special, but it seemed like an odd choice.I didn't try the pizza, but the burger was huge and really good.   I love the small outdoor patio too and my dog was welcome.   The people are super nice.We arrived on a Wednesday night around 7:45 PM. The volume of business appeared to be average. It took a little while for the server to take our order, which would not have been a big deal if the rest of the experience had gone smoothly, but sadly, that was not the case. We started our order off with a bottle of red wine, which came out fairly quickly, but when the server brought us our wine, she just dropped it off at the table and gave us a corkscrew. Next, we placed our order. We ordered a wrap, sub a side salad for the fries (which was an option listed on the menu), and two large pizzas (the special was "order a large pizza and get a second for $1"). The wrap didn't arrive at the table until around 8:30, and the server didn't bring out our pizzas until close to 9. We asked her to box the second pizza, and we waited 10 minutes before I went inside and asked for our second pizza, a box for the first pizza, and our check. It was almost 9:20 before we got all that we asked for and we're able to leave. The food was decent, but the service was horrid. During the over and hour and a half we were there, we saw countless people come in for takeout orders and leave within minutes. Long story short, I would not recommend this restaurant. We MAY get food from there again, but it would definitely be takeout only.Wow, what a great meal. We ordered pizza and it was delivered and still warm and one of the best pizzas I have eaten in a long time. The manager was very polite and helpful. Delivery person was very polite.   Next time we are in the area, we will eat here again.We ordered delivery from G's last night and are pretty happy with the product and service.
I attempted to call at around 5:00, but couldn't get through. I was getting frustrated, but then I realized that yes, it really is 2018.  I used my handy dandy phone to place my order online rather than ringing it in. I made a change (subbed marinara for garlic sauce) in the "make changes here" box - it was labeled something like that - and was a little nervous that they might not see it. 
The estimated delivery time was 1 hour, however low and behold, in about 40 minutes my fur child heard someone coming up the walk and totally lost her composure. I honestly don't know how we ever get anything delivered to our door with her crazy barking. It was a very sweet delivery lady who forgave my dog and handed over a box of toasty goodness.
Because it's no meat on Friday season, we went with their margherita pizza and it was delicious! Clearly they saw the sauce sub request and got it right. The crust was thin and crispy on the edges, the toppings were so fresh - sweet, ripe tomatoes, fresh basil, rich gooey mozzarella - all just as I had imagined in my head when I ordered close to hangry mode. I was most impressed that it was still so hot and fresh. It was as if it had just come out of the oven.  
Props to G's! My family consists of two pizza connoisseurs who never let me live down poor pizza decisions, and they were happy with this one!I have been to G's pizza twice. I love the food, atmosphere, and location! There is one thing that deters me from wanting to return though, and that is the service from the waitresses. During both visits (with 2 separate waitresses), it took almost 10 minutes before I was greeted to place a drink order. It then took forever for the waitresses to return and actually take my dinner order. The food took a while to come out, which is kinda understandable. While enjoying my meal, the waitress did not come to check on the table to see if we needed anything (extra napkins would have come in handy). Once our meal was complete I was not asked if I wanted a to-go box or if I was ready for the check. I had to request this myself but found it difficult to get their attention. Upon my second visit, the waitress cleared two tables in an empty restaurant before attending to waiting guests, who had already been waiting over 10 minutes for the check. Both times I sat idle for a total of about 15-20 minutes just waiting for my check. When they took my payment the waitresses also took forever to return with my receipt and card. One waitress decided to clear yet another table before attending to my transaction. Overall, G's has great food and may primarily be a take-out place; however, service needs to be improved for dine-in customers.After living in New Orleans for 3 years and searching the whole time for good pizza, I'm happy to say I have found a place I love! We have ordered several times and it is always good. Fluffy crust, flavorful pizza sauce, and not too pricey.Service and food is top notch. BYOB! Margherita pizza is incredible, salads are fresh and portions are VERY nice. This is our new GO TO place after a long work week.. good atmosphere. Since our first try we've come back at least once a week.Nothing like a neighborhood pizza place.  We saw G's from a news interview with an athletic coach and glad we tried it.
Brought the kids here during fall break and everyone was happier with this pizza experience.  Pan style with classic toppings offered--you have to master the classics even before you want to get fancy and high-fallutin'.  G's Pizza did it.
Good service, skip the dessert, not worth the calories.Very friendly with an at home feel. Owner came out to check on guests several times. Pizza was amazing. The menu had great selections. In an age where good hospitality and a friendly staff seem hard to find, this quaint place is a diamond in the rough.Visiting my sister from out of town and we wanted to find gluten free pizza. She had a menu that was left on her car so we gave it a try. The pizza was amazing!! We got a regular pepperoni pizza for the kids and a gluten free chicken pesto for us. My parents had the hummus, signature burger and feta rolls. Everything tasted great, nice portions and fast delivery. We will order again next time we visitOne of the best perks of my new job is that I get to indulge in all of G's deliciousness a lot more often. Whether I'm having lunch with a coworker, bringing a Meathead pizza home to hubby or winding down the week with a glass of wine with the Boss .... G's is the place to go. The food is fresh and delicious. The staff is friendly and helpful. And they offer some great specials.I hate to say anything bad about this place. But some things are slipping... it started by a delivery order on Fat Tuesday a couple weeks ago. My order was wrong then when I called to have it corrected I was put on hold and hung up on 4 times! I am in the service industry and am very understanding of busy nights like this. Today I called back to have my order replaced from my last issue on Fat Tuesday. They took care of my order for free and I still tipped the driver. Unfortunately I found not one but two black hairs in my salad... sadly after this I don't know if I can continue my business there. :( :( :(Friendly service, food came fast. The pizza was good, next time I'll ask them to cook a little longer. Will order again!So just to be transparent I really enjoyed their food and had my server been more attentive than I would have rated 5 stars. I'll explain further in detail
1) when I first walked in I thought the place was gorgeous. I loved how they had TVs everywhere with different channels to watch and it felt really homey. Definitely spacious but tiny to where it felt really comfortable (I know I make no sense lol)
2) my server was alright :(. I was with a big group and I don't know if she realized it but we all weren't really familiar with each other. She was fast in the way she brought me water and a menu but she did not put in effort to a) give me suggestions b) tell me about the specials going on c) overall inform me about anything. I really felt like she was just rushing me to order and it lowkey upsets me that I didn't know about the buy one large get one large pizza for 1 dollar deal (I literally found out from the group a day later and I was sooo pissed had I known I wouldn't have tipped her 25%). She was not ATTENTIVE at all! I asked for a thin crust vegan pizza with mushrooms and my pizza didn't have the mushrooms or even thin crust??? I didn't say anything because I didn't wanna be that customer to have something remade so I just took it as it was food. What really hit my nerve was when she had the audacity to bring me back a RECEIPT trying to charge me for mushrooms I didn't HAVE!!! It really made it obvious that did not bother to check the order / or check on how the food was to me . I told her when she collected the money because I told her she can keep the extra dollar in addition to the 5 dollar tip I gave her for the small pizza. I honestly don't recall if she even apologized all I remember her saying was that it was the chef's fault (which I understand working in the food industry but at some point as a server I'd would have held myself accountable to not checking)
3) Anyways On to the food part; i ended up ordering a small vegan pizza with thin crust and mushrooms. It was sooo BOMB! Sooo damn good!!! I'm lowkey happy they didn't add mushrooms because all the toppings that were already on the pizza MADE IT SOOO GOOD!!!  I loved how the avocado slices added a smooth creamy texture to the melting vegan cheese. The sweet corn kernels Gave that pizza a balance from the savory cheese and sauce. The red onions gave it just the perfect crunch!!! Food is definitely to DIE FOR!!!!  I cant wait to come back again and THIS TIME- get a large pizza so I get another one for a dollar to bring homeLarge pizza for $20 was not very "large".  Dough was not memorable.  Chicken pesto had tasty bacon and garlic - served with side of good ranch. Greek lacked flavor - gyro meat did not taste fresh, served with side of bland tzatzaki.  Local casual dining. Better pizza available elsewhere in the city.No complaints about my first visit to G's. Great pizza and friendly service.  I decided to stop in and grab a slice before heading back to work. I was a little confused at first if I was to order at the counter for just have a seat. But the waitress let me know I could just have a seat if I was dining in. I ordered two slices of pepperoni and a drink. The slices were a great size and they sure filled me up, and the house made ranch was very good. I also liked that they have an array of hot sauces available for anything you order. I'd be happy to stop in to try other item on the menu.BLUF:  Definitely not your best option for food or pizza in Mid-City.  Not terrible but nothing special.  
You can order online which is awesome.  The less talking to people I have to do in my life the better.  That being said, you can tell them online you would like to pay the delivery guy with a credit card but he has no ability to take it.  So if you want delivery you have to call it in and pay over the phone or have cash.  No big deal but annoying.
I built my own pizza; pepperoni, kalamadi olives and mushrooms.  The toppings are pretty poor quality.  Cant really taste them at all.  Overall the pizza just doesnt have much flavor.  It is good but not sure why I would ever get it again with so many other better options around.  (they are open to midnight so that is a plus considering it is hard to get food late in NOLA sometimes) 
It does come with ranch dressing for dipping which my lady's theory is that is so there is some flavor to it.Ordered a NOLA Green Roots for a picnic in the park. Looks like a cool place to dine in too with lots of menu items and specials. The pizza was fabulous, and the staff was very accommodating providing some paper plates and napkins for the picnic. Thanks!When people reminisce about a home town pizza place and how good the food and service was, this is what they are talking about!!! 
I love G's. Hands down. The pizza is delicious, the service (Ricky is the BEST!!) is amazing, and I love dining in. We bring all our friends here just to experience the great service. 
Hit this place up. :)G's is a bit of a surreal experience. I don't know if I was hallucinating or if the bathroom really was like a side room off of the devils hallway and the waiter really was telling me about the mushrooms making all the service staff "shit for a week." 
But, even with that I would go back in a second. That pizza lowkey changed my life. I got an all vegan pizza (no mushrooms no cheese) and it's probably the best vegan pizza I've ever had. My friends split a chicken pizza and they've agreed that it was incredible as well, though they did lose feeling in their lips from the spicy tomato sauce.
Overall, "G" stands for "Great!"Best pizza spot in Mid-City! The General Manager Rick was very nice and catered to my friend and I every need! The food was scrumptious and well prepared......presentation was everything I could ask for. The Spinach Dip, O.G's and Cajun Shrimp Pizza was awesome. The Chocolate Overload Torte Cake was to die for. All they serve is wine and beer but my new friend Rick (The GM) went out of his way to get me my mixed drink of choice. I will definitely return and next time I plan to bring a ton of my family and friends. Thanks G's Pizza for one of the best foodie experiences ever.I bookmarked this place while browsing on Yelp for potential restaurants to visit. While riding down Bienville, I found this restaurant and got so excited. Stopped in after work with my friend and we got the spinach dip with pita and a large half OG's and Cajun shrimp, no sausage. The place only serves wine and beer for alcohol but the business manager, Rick, waited on us and was gracious enough to get us some mixed drinks made (love him). Along with the service, the food was also awesome. He also gave us their in-house made ranch dip, so awesome with the Cajun shrimp pizza. It hit the spot. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to G's pizza and will definitely be back soon.The parking is something to be desired, but everything else was amazing. Our waiter was attentive, quick, and conversed with us. We ordered hummus as an appetizer. It came with a bunch of "fixins" such as olive oil, cucumbers, olives, and peppers on the side. I ordered a small O.G. pizza and loved that too. Their crust is excellent. Cute and cozy atmosphere. We'll definitely be back!Great pizza!  Wonderful atmosphere and wait staff!  Can't recommend this place enough.  We've been here twice now, and it has been such a great experience both times.This place is right around the corner from me so we've done carryout multiple times when I'm in a pinch for dinner.  The staff has always been friendly on the phone and I've never had to wait more than three or four minutes longer than quoted on the phone.  The inside of the dining room looks inviting and they do have some nice picnic tables for sidewalk dining as well.
They recently changed names from Magazine Pizza but the menu remained the same in principle, though all the names of the sandwiches and specialty pizzas changed.
Our favorite pizzas are the o.G's Pizza and the Philly Steak Pizza.  Neither is a traditional pizza but both are amazingly delicious. Love having this place in the neighborhood!Tried this place for the first time the other night. Small Cajun shrimp pizza, add artichoke. Delivery time was fine, and the driver was polite and professional. ($2 delivery fee.) The pizza looked great (see pic), topping amount and placement was good. Cooked just right with very good Mozzarella and crust. The only issue I experienced was that this was the hottest/spicest pizza I have ever eaten. Like super-hot Thai-food dish hot. Almost to the point where something maybe went wrong when it was put together. Not a huge deal to me as I like spicy food, and it was a "Cajun" pizza, but an older person or kid may have freaked out at its heat. Overall happy with the food. Menu has a nice variety, and online ordering rules. We will be using this place again and updating our review.This is a New Orleans Treasure stored away off of the beaten path but a quick cable car ride will get you there and then just about 2-3 blocks walk to enjoy our best pizza experience in the Big Easy. Child friendly, very courteous and processional staff made us feel home. Cozy Cabin "old school" feel. Great menu wonderful pizza and delicious burgers and po boys that need NO condiments added.Good pizza best place so far a bit of a wait time but worth it!!! And no there is no free wine unless ur a girl on Thursday :(Another great meal! Nice neighborhood place - casual, fam friendly, good food, friendly staff. We often come after spending time at City Park. 
Have eaten in & called ahead for pickup; both have gone smoothly. Favorite is the Greek pizza with gyro meat and tzatziki (sp?) on the side. Yummy! It is BYOB, so bring wine if you want some with your meal. Will be back!Just got off the phone with one of the employees here. Probably one of the rudest situations I've experienced here in New Orleans. My roommate and I decided to order pizza for tonight so I called in and ordered one small rainbow pizza to pick up. That's it. The Initial person I talked to was very sweet and helped us with our order. After we gave her our card information she told us it would be 30 minutes to an hour wait. Right after I hung up the phone we decided to cancel our order. We didn't want to get there in 30 minutes and have to wait another 30 minutes for the pizza. And we didn't want to get there in an hour (the pizza having been done in thirty) and our pizza be cold. So we called back. The man who answered knew who we were because we had just hung up. He assumed we wanted to cancel and we said, "yes". In the midst of us asking if he needed our card information, he abruptly hung up the phone (mid- sentence). It felt like he was deliberately rude to us for canceling the order (that they hadn't even started cooking yet).
Given a different night, we would've been willing to try this place again but, the customer service we received makes us not want to give it a shot. It put a bad taste in our mouths.I really wanted to love G's Pizza, but I didn't.  The atmosphere is cute and welcoming, and the service was fine, but the pizza is overpriced and just average at best.
$17 for a 14" pepperoni pizza is way too high.  Luckily I visited on a night where they were offering a "Buy a large and get a large for $1" special. 
The toppings tasted pretty good, but the crust is not good at all.  
Mid City Pizza is still the best pizza in New Orleans IMHO.  It's amazingly delicious, and it's reasonably priced.  A 16" pepperoni pizza at Mid City Pizza is $16.25.By far my favorite pizza house in NOLA. The NOLA Green Roots was amazing. Black olives, mushroom, onion, organic spinach, bell pepper, roasted red pepper, artichoke, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. Absolutely incredible! Great wine selection, amazing service and a hands-on owner put this place over the top. Thanks G!
Ok, officially my favorite local pizza spot, went back again and got the same amazing food and incredible service!!!The staff here are all very nice and seem to enjoy working here. The pizza is pretty darn good, but I rarely see a pizza I don't like. I prefer their thin crust to their regular. They will also provide some free wine with your meal. The cheese sticks are also great.Really nice folks working there and in kitchen. Small, casual place. The buy one get one for $1 pizza deal (Wed only) is phenomenal. They're BYOB and provide a free glass of wine if you dine-in. Pizza is good and lots of choices. Awesome place that is a new staple- great place to hang out with friends and get a lot of good food/drink for a great price.The pizza here is phenomenal, that being said I've gotten insanely sick from it twice so it will be a while before I return. Even though I enjoyed it so much going downI love this place with its outdoor seating and deals! There are lunch specials and a different special every day. We always get the margarita pizza and are never disappointed.Great food and excellent service. Pizza, po-boys, and salads were all great and the Nutella-waffle dessert is delicious. Wish we lived in the neighborhood, can't wait to go back!Ordered a large pizza and split it in half. One half was the Nola greens and the other half was the meats. Nola greens was packed with heavy amounts of veggies, but the garlic was a little overwhelming. The meats could have been better with a larger variety of Meat or just adding more flavor to it. The Cajuns looked amazing and will try it in the future. The staff was very friendly and food was good so I'll give it a 4/5.Ordered a large supreme pizza with some hummus and pita bread last night. The delivery was efficient and on time but they forgot to include some of the toppings that came with the hummus plate. The manager was so kind enough to not only immediately have someone drop off the toppings but he also threw in a desert for free. Great customer serviceThis has to be one of my favorite pizza spots ever!! Best pizza in the city of New Orleans great staff super friendly, and the owner always shows love and hooks u up love this place also where else could u get a large pizza buy one get one a 1$ yes 1 $ on WednesdayDelicious pizza and great weekday specials! Super friendly and personable staff! Best pizza spot in NOLA!Great pizza, but their delivery service is awful. Twice I did online order for delivery for a specific time. Once it showed up an hour early and was cold by the time people could eat. This time it's over 30 minutes late (which is a big deal when it's for a lunch meeting and people have limited time). Only do take out if you can't dine in.Last night in New Orleans and kids wanted pizza.... so we yelled the one closest to us with good reviews. This far exceeded our expectations. Hospitality was awesome!  Pizza was probably some of the best we have ever had. The manager/ owner surprised us with a dessert Nutella pizza which was ridiculous!  Next time we are back in New Orleans we will for sure stop by to say hi to these lovely people and get some more amazing food!With the transition to G's Pizza now complete, they're hitting their groove. The pizzas are flavorful and they've added some other nice menu options. Very friendly staff and an overall good atmosphere while dining in.This place is awesome. It's cute and welcoming, you feel like a regular every time (even your first time) and the food is great. The staff has been super friendly each time. The owner sent over dessert when he heard it was our first time. We've been several times since then. BYOB is also great... They're always happy to accommodate a group and provide wine glasses for the table without a word. Highly recommend.Who doesn't love $2 apps on game day!! 
You can choose any appetizer. 
The Chef's Special Chicken Pesto pizza was good. The only thing was I couldn't taste the Pesto! The chicken was perfectly cooked on the pizza. The roasted garlic was amazing. It also comes with feta, mozzarella, spinach and bacon. They deliver to lake view.G's has become my go-to MidCity pizza joint.  It's great to have so many sandwich options in addition to pizza, as I work strange hours and often get delivery.  Nice to have more options that someone will bring to my door!  I am basically obsessed with their Margherita pizza, and the feta stuffed fillo rolls on the appetizer menu are to die for.  We haven't been in to sit and eat, but the phone service is always very friendly and accurate, and they have great weekly specials!Best pizza in New Orleans!!!!!
This is my go to spot for a great pie!!! And great wine deals as well !!!!! Highly recommend you won't be disappointed!!!!!So glad I gave this place a 2nd chance. First time I ordered, it was about 6 mos. ago and it was just ok. Last night I got the "NOLA Green Roots" pizza. Fully intended on adding meat and forgot to - yet the pizza was so good. Full disclosure, I removed garlic + onions & added goat cheese & jalapeños to this lineup: Tomato sauce, black olives, mushroom, onion, organic spinach, bell pepper, roasted red pepper, artichoke, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. It was delivered promptly and the delivery gal was super sweet. Better than MC Pizza.Hours are incorrect. I called them at 10:30 on June 1st and was told they were not taking orders. Therefore you are not open to 11 pm.Horrible service, literally ignored. Placed a delivery order for a pizza a few sodas and a dessert.  When it arrived the driver said that they forgot to load the sodas but she would be "Right back" with them. After a half an hour I called the store and was told she had left and should be here any time. Another 45 minutes later and they never did deliver the rest of my order.  Cold pizza now with tap water because they NEVER SHOWED.This is a cool little neighborhood spot that just has a cool vibe to it. It's small on the inside but cozy, and you also have an option of outdoor seating. Quirky decorations on the wall, and arcade games at the entry way. The staff was very welcoming, and the food was just awesome. I got the vegetarian pizza and my husband got chicken on his pizza. Both were excellent. The sauce I think was the best part, as it was a kind of spicy sweet taste to it. The crust was really good too. It was a little crunchy but not too much. I love going into a business that is not a chain, getting a warm welcome, and feel like I'm getting fresh ingredients which is definitely the case here. We will be back!Love their meatballs appetizer plate, cheesy garlic bread and their pizza is always consistent. We live nearby so we always order delivery and Shane is very friendly. My only concern is that their chicken wings is not consistent sometimes it has too much buffalo sauce and sometimes it doesn't have buffalo sauce but they taste good plain itself without too much sauce in it. It's totally worth the try if you're craving pizza that's reasonably priced.This place is incredibly inconsistent. I live in the neighborhood, and dearly wish it were better, but the service and food quality are up and down depending on who is working. On certain nights, it's ok, but on others I've been treated rudely, lied to about the hours (told they were closed on the phone, then walked in 5 minutes later to order) and had poorly made/cold food. Half of the wait staff are slow to serve, and are frequently seen standing around on their phones while customers wait.  Take my advice, go when the owner is there because his B-team gets an "F."Literally love this place. Came in to enjoy bourbon street for a week and G's pizza kept it G with the delicious food and delivery!! I highly recommend.We ordered for delivery to a local hotel in town. They were friendly on the phone taking my order, prompt with delivery and the food was great. We got the City Park salad, hummus and spinach/artichoke dip. The salad was very fresh with great dressing. The apps were plentiful and nice portions. I would order from them again.Had our last order tonight. Had ordered sandwiches and pizzas a few times since December. The quality of food and the delivery time has degraded each time. Tonight we ordered two sandwiches and they arrived over an hour later, soggy and no longer warm. The fries were cold mush. The driver apologized but complained of under staffing and poor management. We could overlook that if he food tasted great but it sadly didn't.My opinion of this place is up and down. I really don't enjoy their pizza or calzones. The reason I order from here is the poboy selection and the g's waffle dessert. I frequently order the chefs special chicken pesto poboy. It's delicious and consistently made with quality ingredients. Organic spinach, feta, mozzarella, pesto and chicken. Served with fries and a great value for the portion size. The chicken parm is also good and I was happy with the burgers. This pizza and calzones are just nothing special compared with other local places. I really dislike the crust. The buffalo chicken poboy was inedible. It was 90% just hot sauce, not buffalo sauce. I love my spicy food but it was so saturated with strait hot sauce that I was only able to eat about half of one half. I even poured ranch on it and couldn't stomach it. And there was mostly breading and little actual chicken. The g's waffle is amazing. Belgian waffle with Nutella and whipped cream with berries. Love it.i think i ordered the seafood pizza i'm not sure the name but, it comes with big beautiful shrimp and garlic cloves mmmm so delicious ! on wednesday they have buy a pizza get any size for 1$ yes i said 1$ best deal in town for quality pizza!Most yummy pizzas, salads, sandwiches appetizers and oh I should mention the best customer service! Great place to dine in, carryout or sit in g he patio and pet friendly restaurant, with fresh herbs and flowers surrounding you. A must eat place to go in New Orleans on historical city streets Bienville xoxo love Kelley and the whole Klumpp familyAwesome lunch specials. They have a great ambience with oldies playing on the speakers. I had the avocado chicken po boy half with a Cesar salad.  Awesome food that does not have u feeling guilty afterwards.Best delivery in my neighborhood.  Three of us shared a 14" Greek, and it was delicious.  I can only assume they must use quality ingredients for us to be so satisfied.  It comes with a side of tzatziki, which next time I will order a couple more.My favorite restaurant in Mid City, hands down. So many vegetarian options! LOVE G's!Visiting City Park from out of town. We used Yelp to find a local pizza gem.  We were welcomed and felt comfortable from the moment we walked in the door.  The food was excellent ...the service was excellent.  When we finished our meal our server bought us a piece of cheesecake "gratis" since it was our first visit to G's.  We will definitely  come here again next time we r in town and recommend it to locals and visitors.Missed the lunch specials, which are the best in mid city. The salads never disappoint...The service was friendly. My order was accurate and timely. Pizza was meh. I eat pizza around the country and G's Pizza is at the bottom my list. The crust was decent but the ingredients seamed generic and cheap. Part of my pie included Chile peppers that were dehydrated red chile's, the peppers were an after thought it seamed. I would have preferred generic can peppers to uncooked hard peppers. I will not return and wouldn't recommend until they learn about better ingredients.
Cheap pizza deals do not make a good pie. Lesson learned.I saw a lot of reviews on here about poor delivery service. We had our food delivered and it was not late, and the delivery guy was polite. My Gyro was perfectly average, a little bland, but fine. However, there was a piece of plastic in there so I wasn't too thrilled about that. It was hidden deep within the wrap, so it doesn't was not mine. I'm sure it was an honest mistake so to be honest I probably wouldn't completely write this place off, but I won't be adding plastic to my diet pretty soonI recently returned to NOLA after a 4-year hiatus. Transplanted Yankee here; from Detroit and Chicago, where pizza is an art, not just a business. I am not a pizza connoisseur, but I know what I like and I know what good pizza is. G's rates very high. The margherita pizza is delicious. I especially enjoy the hummus appetizer; that stuff by itself deserves 5 stars. I find the staff very pleasant and if they are running behind, they let you know which I appreciate.
I find these one-star reviews read like hilariously bad fiction. "It was a dark and stormy pizza..." Tasteless? Undercooked? Cardboard? No. Just no.Everytime I come it's a positive experience from the atmosphere to the ingredients. G's pizza is a great option family, coupled up, or single. 
Shout out to the manager there. Thanks for the love and excellent service everytime I come by. Please keep doing what you're doing! Love the food, the specials and the customer service.  You just feel comfortable there.nice people. food was ok.
pizza was about average, nothing spectacular, but enjoyable.
wings were burnt. burnt-side down... intentionally. 
great value with local flavor deal, although not sure id pay regular price.
why serve burnt food? low standardstheir rainbow pizza has the best combination of flavors ever!! they make a damn good margherita as well.OMG sooooo good!  Great neighboorhood and family place.  Street fighter game and claw machine, and lots of board games like backgammon to play.  G's burger is the best with a fried egg and they have dynamite pizza!  Super friendly owner and staff.  Would definitely recommend.  And it's right by Delgado and City Park!Local  cafe in my neighborhood  that has gone through several names.  Menu  changed a little  added  Gyros. Pizza is the main item. Nice outside tables and pleasant  staff.  Lunch  specials  available. I  was just  not impressed  with my Gyros  too plain not like  the local Middle East  places  in the area. Need more flavors. But  was a nice day for a walk  to try a new place.This place is truly fantastic! It marches to the beat of its own drum in a city with a very established food culture. We crushed our meal! I had a Caesar salad, and yes, I actually ordered a salad while in NOLA. G's has a variety or housemade dressings, and their Caesar dressing is bomb. My guy had a Chicken Calzone, addictive at first bite. Their red sauce will not just make you want to "slap ya mama", but you will feel inspired and convinced to slap that lovely woman! We shared a Bonafide waffle, and all I have to say about that is...... Damn Baby! The true shining star of this establishment is the manager Ricky. He's just fantastic, he befriends every customer that walks in the door and makes the customers happiness and experience his personal quest. Great food, amazing staff, and we'll be back every time we come to NOLA.We had a flyer for this place left under our hotel so we ordered at 11:13 pm online. Paid in full with a $10 gratuity. They never showed up or even called. With hundreds of options this place won't be around long.I've gotten delivery from here twice and both times it has been fantastic. 
My ONLY complaint was that the pizza I recently ordered was slightly doughy and could have been cooked more. The thin crust pizza, however, is perfect. 
I've now tried:
Greek Pizza (regular crust) - not my cup of tea, but my two friends really liked this.
Pepperoni & garlic (thin crust) - the best pizza ever. I love the big garlic slivers they put on the pizza.
Pepperoni & garlic (regular crust) - this was the doughy one.
Jalapeno cheesy bread - really, really good. Not too spicy, but definitely have a nice kick.
Baked mozzarella sticks - really good, although I think the fried might be better as far as the cheese texture.
Caesar salad - the small is a great size, my tiny girlfriend and I could split this and it was a perfect appetizer before our pizza.
I'm really excited to keep delivering from this place and trying new things. Plus the delivery guy remembered us (which might sound kinda sad, but not for us) and thanked us for ordering from them again.  
Another thing is their prices are great, especially compared to other pizza places in the area.I ordered the lunch special, which is $8.00 for a half poboy/wrap and small salad.  I chose chicken pesto and Caesar salad.  All the flavors were great.  The dish is the perfect size for a mid day meal.  While it is small inside, and may encounter some difficulty with excessively large crowds, it is quaint and enjoyable.  The Street Fighter II game tempted me, to be honest.The ranch dressing, pizza, chicken tenders, and arugula salad are on point.  Mazel tov!This place is fantastic!!! Bryn deserved an Angel award for being the most sweetest person ever!!! We were visiting NO and took the twin 1 yr old babies for a stroll - well the heavens unleashed and the "bar" across the street (Mick's) would not allow the babes inside  as they were "under age"!!!  We were literally drowning...streets flooding etc etc...We decided to make a run for G's pizza!!!   Anyway this place took us in...dried us off....and fed us the most delicious pizza we have ever had!! I cannot say enough nice things about what Bryn and her pizza place did for us!! Please give them a try  - such good people!! We will always come see you whenever we can!!I love this place. They don't just make pizzas. They have a wide selection from wraps to salads to desserts.. If I want something late night I choose this place!!The first time at G's everything was very good.  Nice, friendly and efficient service; pizza was good, and our salad was fine (nothing special). Our next visit was at best terrible.  It took a long time for anyone to notice our presence, and although the server was nice she didn't seem to know too much about the menu.  The beer selection is the worst I've seen these days, so much so that I ordered a glass of red wine (which came chilled - ugh).  The Caesar salad was okay (Romaine and croutons)  but the salad dressing was straight from the bottle.  Then our biggest mistake: we ordered a wheat crust pizza.  OMG!  It was obviously a frozen crust from somewhere, and was so thin and hard that the edges could damage your teeth if you tried to eat it.  Worst pizza that I've had EVER (?)
Oh yeah, my wife did order a beer (which was semi-cold by the way).  When she requested a glass the server said she would look to see if they had one.  Yikes!  She returned with a cocktail glass and a mason jar for her to select from.
Will we be returning?  I don't think you could make me if you tried.Happy to report the manager followed up on the review and we ordered again a few days later. Very prompt service, warm food and roomie really enjoyed his sandwich. Impressed by manager's customer service. Quite willing to give an in-house meal a try.Used a Local Flavor coupon.  Cute little place with outdoor seating.  We had the Philly cheesesteak pizza and is was very very good.  Plenty of toppings.  Could have used a bit more sauce.  Our server was sweet. Filo app was pretty tasteless; next time we will try a different app.I like this place, but lately they have really been skimping on the pizza topping, especially the Italian sausage.Ordered two salads from here tonight. Called to order them. The lady on the phone was a pleasure to talk to and took the order quickly and accurately. She said it would be 45 minutes for delivery. I don't think it actually took more than 15. I had the Caesar salad with chicken and my girlfriend had the City Park Salad. Mine was very good, but hers was fantastic. Looking forward to trying their pizzas once I shed some of my extra Mardi Gras pounds.First time eating here & I loved it! Great lunch specials & large portions. The feta fillo rolls were amazing!! The crew takes great pride in their work and it shows. Will definitely be back.Best pizza in town! The quality of the ingredients used is obviously better than what everyone is using because you haven't had a "great" pizza until you've had one of G's pizzas. His sandwiches are also just as amazing, and the best part is.......you can bring your own wine!! That's right, there's just nothing better than one of G's pizzas and a glass of your favorite wine. His menu is constantly evolving which makes for a fun experience since there's always something new!!
All in all, the best kept secret in mid-city, and the best pizza in New Orleans.G's must have a new cook. We order from G's a lot,and recommend G's to all our guest. However on July 23, 2016 G's pizza was nasty. We ordered our pizza thin, it was thick and under cooked, we ordered extra sauce and cheese, G's must have been out of both as well as vegetables and meats. Not sure what is going on but our pizza was horrible and tasteless. G's thin crust pizza is usually the best in New Orleans.Great food, great service. Waitress name was ayunika (so sry if I misspelled it) and she was sweet. The salads are great.Walked here with our pup last weekend for a casual dinner. Their outdoor seating area is pretty big right on the street. It has a great locals vibe as you're sitting among the neighbors in a very residential area. They had water for our dog and were very receptive to her. 
We ordered the Nola Green Roots pizza. It was loaded with cheese and veggies, all the ingredients were very fresh. I would not describe their style as being a saucy pizza like other places can be. We opted for the regular crust, but I saw a thin crust pie which also looked quite tasty. Per another Yelp review, we asked for a side of ranch dressing, which rounded it all off. This paired with a garden salad was perfect for the two of us with a few leftovers to take home. The pizza re-heated quite well. 
I was not familiar with G's before this, but was excited to hear they have multiple locations. We will definitely be back to this location and probably others.I order from g's all the time and I absolutely love there food. I always order the Nola heat wrap and a small pizza for my daughter. I can't order her pizza from anywhere else! The delivery is always on time and the drivers are always extremely polite.This is some of the best pizza I've ever had! Also- the spinach dip is off the charts. Great dining experience, we can't wait to come back!I live in the neighborhood so I've been here several times, and I've never had less than an excellent experience. The servers and the owner are all so friendly and come out to tell my friends and I hello each time we come in. Everything I've tried has been great: appetizers, pizza, salad, and sandwiches. Specifically the spinach dip and garlic bread, the Yin Yanger pizza and the grilled shrimp poboy.  And get the nutella waffle for dessert, it is seriously divine! Also they serve free wine after 5 and you CANNOT beat that!
Don't understand the bad reviews stating unfriendly staff and mediocre food- this is so far from my experiences that I don't see how they're possible. I will continue to return for the welcoming atmosphere and the great food.I wish I could give this place 10 stars. This is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. I'm not exaggerating. 
My best friend and I came down in April and discovered this friendly, neighborhood nook because our friend lived right by it. We decided to give it a go. 7 months later, we're back, and we're going to G's again and again. 
The staff needs acknowledging before I even get into the food. These are some of the kindest and attentive staff I've ever seen in a restaurant. They're always on top of it and they're super helpful. Ricky, the manager, is the best. Very approachable, funny, friendly, and inviting. This guy deserves a raise. 
The food blows us away every single time. Not only is it completely delicious, it's always consistent. The OG is the best; hands down. 
If you're not in the mood for pizza, there's also salads and po boys! There's a little bit of everything for everyone. Add in the fact that they have AWESOME deals, free wine after 5, and the option to bring your own beer/wine, what's not to love? It's also pretty reasonably price. 
I cannot recommend this place enough. Incredible food, atmosphere, staff, and service. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. You will NOT regret it!I used to love this place and came here every week with my kids.  Then the oven broke and the pizza sucked for several weeks in a row.  We waited and came back a couple months later and the pizza was better but the service dropped.  We stopped going there and it's been six months...I just decided to stop by and get a pizza on my way home for work.  After I ordered they started telling people that the oven was down.  I just got my pizza after one hour of waiting and they never offered me a soda or water or anything.  Definitely he last time I give this place a chance.I had the Margherita pizza and city park salad, both were excellent.  Too bad I found this place when I'm leaving town.This place is excellent! We were in New Orleans for a long weekend and we ended up going here twice. Service was good and the pizza was delicious. Would definitely recommend it to people!People must be really drunk when they eat here.Pizza was like cardboard 0 taste service sucked.The pizza was so greasy someone needs to open a legit place because this place isn't it.This was the 3rd and final time .It was good, fast and tasty. I would recommended it. Extra good when you feeling buzzed. Will order again. Thank you guysOrdered pizzas tonight and one pizza was undercooked. It's currently in my oven so it can be properly cooked. I could tell it wasn't fully cooked as soon as I opened the box so I'm not sure how a cook saw it & boxed it up thinking it was fine. My husband and I used to love G's and would order at least once a week but the last few times we ordered, the quality of the food wasn't like it used to be, sadly.We tried this place about a yr ago didn't impress us and we could not figure how the ratings were so high maybe we went on an off night.That only can happen once as to i work really hard for my money (non hipster).aka not living on mommy and daddy'smoney so i don't go back.Well today my bf says i am going to g's because mid city pizza is dirty i said ok .So i call to place an order and the womam who answered the pbone has serious attitude so didn't even order.So sorry to call you to place an order silly us we thought that was your job what a bitch.I had the Margherita pizza and city park salad, both were excellent.  Too bad I found this place when I'm leaving too.
Update, still fucking delicious!!!!Love love love! I learned about this pizza because the owners of this location make food in one of my favorite bars in the city (balcony bar) Balcony bar is not particularly close to my house in Gentilly so when I found out that there was a closer location I was thrilled!! I get the chicken bacon ranch pizza with jalapeños and hot sauce!Had delivery 2 nights in a row in our hotel during the holidays and it was fantastic! Nice crispy pizza with tons of toppings - and super nice delivery guy!
Wish I had some right now!!By far my favorite pizza house in NOLA. The NOLA Green Roots was amazing. Black olives, mushroom, onion, organic spinach, bell pepper, roasted red pepper, artichoke, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. Absolutely incredible! Great wine selection, amazing service and a hands-on owner put this place over the top. Thanks G!I order regularly from this place and it's good. This time it was a specialty pizza w/ extra toppings, hamburger w/ fries, meatball app, and a salad ($59 + tip). Everything was good. Delivery person forgot the salad and had to go back and get it. When a different delivery driver came with it, he knocked on a side door in total darkness instead of coming to the front door. Other than that, OK.Very good quality pizza. We had a coupon through local flavor and wish we had purchased more. The server was friendly and attentive.
We ordered 2 teas, a small meathead pizza, a pepperoni calzone, and a G's waffle. The crust on the pizza was cooked perfectly ; crispy outside and light fluffy insides. The meat filled the pizza. We vould taste every flavor of meat in each bite including the crispy bacon. We were getting full so decided on taking the calzone to go, but Im sure I will not be dissapointed. That thing is huge! 
The G's waffle is yummy and filling. I was thrown off a bit by the texture of the waffle. I had gotten spoiled by the crust of the pizza , I forgot I was indulging in a waffle. The texture is going to be different..softer. Anyway, it took some elbow to cut into the waffle with a butter knife...but so worth it. The bananas and strawberries were fresh and sweet and complimented the nutella so well. You forget that your getting full, so definitely share this after eating all that delicious pizza.
I didnt care for the restroom all that much. It is located in the back of the building and its one coed toilet. There is no air conditioning, just a vent running. Itbwas tolerable but wonder how stuffy it will get during the summer. Also, there were tiny gnats flying around which kinda made me cringe a little as I tried to swat them away. Still tolerable for casual dining..it wasnt an infestation... So I survived.
Despite the restroom, I  this place. Great casual atmosphere, great service, even better food. I cant wait to bring the kids here..or maybe just me and the bossman again. I will definitely be back. (More coupons pls!!!)Absolutely delicious. I burned my grandmothers pizza in the toaster oven so I had to go get a replacement pizza on short notice and boy am I glad I did. Literally amazing, great flavor, nice crisp at the bottom. small local joint smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood which I love, A few steps away from the railroad track and there's a cemetery across the street so you literally get pizza and culture all in one area.I'm a fan. Recently had G's Pizza last night for the first time. They run a Wednesday special where it's buy 1 large pizza, get the second for $1. Can't beat that! Not only was the price great, but the pizza was delicious. We got the Big Cheesy and Rainbow. Both were good, but the Big Cheesy was delicious! The larges are a nice size as well. Called the order in ahead of time, and it was ready in 15 minutes. 
PROS
- Value
- Get the Big Cheesy
- Quick
- Daily specialsWe have ordered delivery from here several times, and it was always passable. The one star rating is a reflection of how poorly handled our one negative experience was. Our New Year's Eve plans fell through, so I ordered delivery online. I immediately received a call telling me that they couldn't complete our order because they were closing early for the holiday. She assured me that my card would not be charged. 
The charge did show up on my card as pending, so I waited until the following week for it to be removed, but it wasn't. I called the store three different times and never received a call back from a manager. On my fourth call, the manager offered to give me store credit and told me that it would be a while before my credit card would be refunded if I didn't want store credit. 
It has now been a month and a half since I was assured that my card wouldn't be charged, and I've not yet received a refund.Too many awesome places just a block or two away from here. Just don't bother. Sweet server.Tonight we ordered the NOLA Green Roots pizza and it was firing on ALL flavor cylinders. The toppings were so cohesive and delicious. Each bite was a new experience of taste and flavors that I loved. The crispy buttery crust and fresh ranch took it to the next level. A+ Highly recommended.This place has grown to be my favorite Midcity pizza over the years!  The pizzas are delicious, I got the OG pizza, yum!!  The wings are cooked to perfection! And you gotta make sure to top it off with G's Waffle, it's heaven!!  A must go!this place is pretty good. my girlfriend and I went on Wednesday got the 1$ pizza deal. PRETTY GREAT DEAL. Out server Clarie was really nice and polite. The jalapeño cheesy bread is the shit.I'm a Tawas resident. G's can make a good pizza but have not had one in years. The last 3 or 4  pizzas I purchased have been horrible. no topping, no taste and over priced. $23 dollars for a pizza that you don't what half has onions? The Lodge has a better pizza more toppings and $19 dollars. I will go to Little Caesar's or Hungry Howies before I go to G's.G's takes care of business. I ordered a pizza through grub hub and the driver didn't show at Gs. Instead of just letting that go they called me, informed me of the situation, and gave me a time
For their driver to show up. Please note this was at closing time-- the team already worked a full shift. 
Thank you for making my dinner happen!!!The pizza was delicious, service was great. Nice neighborhood place with easy parking.I'm visiting New Orleans my daughter who is a college student here took me here tonight.  Great neighborhood atmosphere . There must be different zoning laws here. This place is right in a neighborhood I mean there is a house next door and across the street.  The ingredients were fresh the pizza was light and incredibly tasty. The service was . Our server was very pleasant and helpful.  I'd highly recommended G's PizzaSolid 4 stars from a self proclaimed picky pizza eater! We actually heard about Gs from a flier that was on our window at Brunch Fest. Usually I'm annoyed by such a thing but the flier was well made and the pizzas sounded delish especially since they had a few vegetarian options which is often hard to find at pizza shops. We decided to give it a go since I didn't feel like cooking. I got the Rainbow specialty pizza which is mozzarella, tomatoes, sauce, avocados, corn, and cilantro. I got mine without tomatoes and added roasted garlic. The boyfriend got the yin yanger pizza and loved it. We ordered our pizzas online off their website and it was ready in about 30 mins. The pizzas came with packets or crushed red pepper and parm as well as a ranch(?) dill(?) sauce. I usually hate ranch but this is delish. We will definitely be returning..A group of friends and I stopped here after Celebration in the Oaks last Sunday (12/11/16) and were sat immediately. My husband noticed the $12 bottles of wine right when we walked in so we were told to pick a bottle and were given some glasses. There was also a special on all appetizers with large pizzas (all apps were $2 with any large pizza order). We ordered hummus, caprese, and spin and artichoke dip. For the pizzas, we had pepperoni, magherita, and the pineapple express. Everything was delicious! Our server was very nice and attentive as well. We will definitely be back when in the area!We eat here every so often and I love sitting outside, sipping wine and eating the pizza! The pizza is some of the best in town in my opinion and my son loves it and he's a hard sell. It would be perfect if they had music outdoors.I love G's. The service can sometimes be a little slow but the great food makes up for it. The vibe at this place is really chill. They have great specials too! 
The flies are gross but I guess you can't really help that when you're sitting outside.This place has now become almost a regular choice for my family, I still love it. The quality of service is great and friendly. And the inside is even more welcoming with the holiday decor.
Appetizers are delicious! Our favorite pizza is the meathead. From time to time we change it up.
Lately though, the dough has been kinda flat...almost like a thin crust. Im wondering if they made changes to the dough. Toppings are still delicious and ample. Just that dough, though. Used to be fluffly and light with crispy outer and soft and light center. Now, there isnt even a center. Its just crust. 
G's , we love ya. We are still gonna keep coming. Wassup with the dough?Pretty good pizza. I love funky pizza and this was definitely that. I got the  Vegan Rainbow and Gyro and my friend got the oG and narcissist. The vegan rainbow was ok, probably wouldn't get again. The Gyro, narcissist and oG was really good!Went on their "Tuesday date night" special and it was so worth it. Large pizza and wine for $25, we also got some spinach dip. We got the arugula pizza. Flavorful, affordable, and a crispy crust, and an all around great experience. We'll definitely be back. 
PS: it's also good the next day as cold pizza :-)We got the Bienville Supreme (Mozzarella, pepperoni, Italian sausage, ground beef, onion, mushroom, green pepper, black olives, tomato sauce), but with no olives.  Somehow we both missed that it had mushrooms, so we had to pick those off.  Anyway, the pizza itself was pretty good.  Not a lot of sauce tho, and we like sauce.  Kinda pricey for what it is.  We'll probably go elsewhere in the future for our pizza.I've ordered Gs pizza twice in the last month through Waitr and both times I found it some of the best pizza I've had in New Orleans. Toppings are ample and fresh with some unique flavor combinations. We really enjoyed The Cajun and The narcissist. They give you house-made ranch as a dipping sauce. I don't care for ranch but I like theirs and it is great for dipping those last pieces of crust. 
I've ordered the Caesar salad, City Park salad and spinach and artichoke dip as well. Salads were fresh with good dressings and toppings and the dip is on point. I highly recommend!Went early Sunday afternoon. The service was fast and friendly, The food was even better. We will be back!Absolutely loved the food and the service was great. Awesome local spot that's not your typical tourist feel. A must have whenever I go back to NOLA. And the owner is super friendly and awesome. Great southern hospitality.I heart emoji pizza. Yelp doesn't do emojis yet. The staff is what makes G's a five star experience. Shoutout to Jelly for really making a Monday night feel like 4th of JulyG's . OMG OMG! I LOVE YOU!  I'm upset at myself for never having found your wonderful pizza establishment sooner. This was seriously one the best pizza experiences I've ever had! My friend and I went here on Saturday night. First thing we noticed was how romantic and quaint the inside was; very cozy! It's not very often you get to have a real candle lit dinner at a restaurant these days. I love when a restaurant offers real anything and from the real fire candles on every table, I was already instantly impressed. This would be a perfect place to take a date. The prices are not exorbitant and their weekday deals amazing; offering buy 1 get 1's, free bottle of wine with purchase...all sorts of awesome incentives you rarely see anymore. I love it! 
We started with the Hummus. It was different in that all the ingredients were separate from the actual Hummus, laid out on a tray. I do wish they provided more Hummus toppings, because shared between two people it went rather quickly. It was delicious with bold flavor and very good pita.  Now to the pizza; We order the personal sizes. I got the Mediterranean and he got the Narcissist, thick crust. This thick crust isn't too thick and is not only delicious but also nice and crispy (which I prefer). On both pizzas, the flavor hits you like a ton of bricks with exceptional tasting cheeses (yes, multiple cheeses). Both pizzas were LOADED with toppings, not fake or stale toppings either. This is the real deal with huge pineapple, pepper chunks and tomatoes slices you can actually see - definitely gourmet pizza done right. Our waitress, Jenna was super duper friendly and awesome. 
I try to stay away from pizza as much as I can because of the carbs, but it looks like I might as well throw my diet out the window since I discovered this place :) I haven't stopped talking about it since we've been. Hope it stays consistent because we will be returning multiple times.This is by far my favorite pizza spot, since it opened several years ago. It's in my neighborhood, so I often get something to go. The best thing about G's is that they run daily specials. The Monday Family special is hard to beat. You get a large specialty pizza, appetizer and salad for $25. They let you totally customize the pizzas, so you can pile the toppings on free of charge. They offer some of the best varieties of pizzas anywhere that will pacify the pickiest of vegetarians or carnivores, with an emphasis on integrating different cultures. The gyro pizza and the philly steak are two of my faves. The appetizers are amazing too, especially the spinach artichoke dip. More than once, I've been rewarded for my patronage by being granted a free dessert. Who doesn't like free stuff for being a loyal customer?? 
If you appreciate quality ingredients and a great pie crust, you won't be disappointed at G's.I love this place! Great environment, great service and the food is fantastic. There is something for everyone on this menu! The food never disappoints. Best pizza in New Orleans!We just left from lunch! It was amazing. We got the meathead and the big cheesy. The kids loved it and we loved it. They had a special, buy a large pizza get another for a dollar. Well worth the money. Sizing was great. Will definitely recommend this place to other people!!Do not go here unless you can watch them cook. I ordered a big cheesy pizza with spinach thinking I would get a gourmet pizza with a tasty feta, goat and mozzarella cheese blend. Instead, I got a regular cheese pizza with a few leaves of spinach. 
My daughter picked up the pizza so the fiasco wasn't discovered until she brought it home. I called to complain and told the owner I was unhappy. I asked if he would refund the difference between the regular cheese pizza and the gourmet version. 
I brought two slices back to the restaurant so the owner could see what I was talking about.   ( My family ate most of the pizza before I discovered the mistake.) He tried to convince me that the feta and goat cheeses were hiding under the mozzarella. I couldn't see them, smell them or taste them. He also said he didn't want to add too much of those cheeses because of their strong tastes. BS! The cheeses weren't on the pizza at all!!! I cook a lot. I know when I'm being snowed. 
The owner refused to refund the difference between the two pizzas, and was perfectly happy to let me walk out angry even after I told him I was going to give him a bad review. 
One more thing: I also ordered extra sauce which I didn't get. I guess I should consider myself fortunate because he did refund my 50 cents. But I had to ask for it! I feel like I was robbed! So Mr. G, the only reason you're getting one star is because I couldn't write a review and give you none.Went to G's last night and the experience was phenomenal!! I love the atmosphere, quality of service and quality of food. Callie, amazed me with her level of service. The owner even came out to check on each table and made sure everyone was completely satisfied. She was friendly and very helpful. I will most definitely be back. It's a little gem that sits in the neighborhood.Sorry for the poor review but couldn't appreciate your pizza since it was ice cold because of the incompetence of the delivery person.
Was late, asked me which house was mine on 300 Canal Street.  Really?!?  So I tell him I'm at a hotel.  He asks me for my floor and says he'll be here in a minute.
Sixteen minutes later I text and he says he's turning into Canal.  A few minute later he tells me he's at the lobby, I guess he's not even bringing the darn thing to my floor.
So I tell him I'm on my way so I could ask him why the delay and such.
To my surprise, the pizza was just left on a desk by front service, lonely and unattended.
Too bad because I feel I just lost the $$ on a warm dinner and the response from yelp/grubhob was similar to the driver's attention to my pizza.
So your pizza pretty much sucked because the carelessness of your delivery service.I have never written a negative review on Yelp, and this review is not about the cuisine. My wife ordered pizza from this place, was told to pick it up in 30 minutes, and in 90 minutes, we still did not have our order. Was told the oven malfunctioned. Was never offered any consideration except a soft drink. Serious customer service issues.Awesome pzza,enough said! I ordered through Waitr the box got turned over but wasn't really messed up, got refunded anyway.  Will order again, GREAT PIZZAMy team and I went there for a celebration and oh my we went through about 6 pizza. Some shrimp and the others half shrimp and pepperoni. Both were accompanied by red and white wines. Definitely worth every bit of what it costs!OMG! This place is phenomenal!!! The service is as great as the food. Love,love,love this place.  You must try the G waffle. This dessert has to be a dessert on heaven's buffet. Can't say enough good things about this joint.We ordered delivery from here while staying in New Orleans and it was great! Nothing amazing, but it just the spot and was an enjoyable pizza. Would order again if I find myself in NOLA.The cheesy breadsticks with jalapeños were really good! However, I didn't really like the regular crust pepperoni pizza. It was too soft, "flimsy" for lack of a better word. It was so soft that it almost tasted rubbery instead of a crunch you expect a pizza should have. Definitely wouldn't try the pizza again but the cheesy bread sticks were awesome!Holy crap this pizza is GOOD! Definitely check the specials and go on Wednesday if you can - buy one specialty, get one for $1. No foolin'. The pizza is even still amazing cold for breakfast the next day! The shrimp beignets and wings were also delicious!Needing to eat after a long  travel day with kids. Of course-pizza!!  Delivery was faster than I could have ever dreamed to the hotel and our Cajun shrimp pizza was perfectly spicy and the kids devoured their pepperoni. Couldn't have asked for a better late night experience.YUM!!! My mom and I had The Spinach and Artichoke Dip, Yum. The City Park Salad, yum. Lastly, the NOLA Green Roots Pizza, YUM! Great service, nice environment,... the red wine was cold... which was kind of weird... other than that, I will definitely be returning!As usual food was great. Delivery on time. Ordered  from them directly. Had the cheese cake with chocolate and it was very fresh.This is my go to neighborhood pizza place. We've eaten in and taken out. The pizza is always delicious. When we eat there, the service is great and the atmosphere is fun. Love my G's pizza.We love G's! They have amazing specials, great pizza and quick service. My husband and I go often and leave happy every time! Pro tip...if you get the chicken wings order them extra crispy.Hands down best gluten free pizza I've ever had! And they have vegan cheese! So so so good! This will be a regular stop for me when in NOLAWe used to love G's. They have great veggie options and a great 2 for 1 deal on Wednesday's. Yesterday I picked up take out and didn't notice anything amiss until tonight. I was eating what I thought were delicious leftovers until I noticed two short black hairs on my plate. I then inspected my pizza and found multiple more on the pizza (see pics). I had already taken a bite or two...ugh. No more G's pizza for me.Ok. So I gotta update my review because G's really hit a home run on their second chance.
Backstory: My SO and I's first trip here was somewhat of a disappointment (see my previous review), but G's insisted that they could do better and they wanted to make up for it.  And that they did!
I ordered the Bienville (again), but without olives and mushrooms.  And I had some specific requests as well: heavy on the sauce, light on the cheese, and in the shape of a heart.  The heart was because it would be a surprise for my (now) fiancee' - pizza is her favorite food and  the pizza was for the evening of the day I was to propose (don't worry, lunch was fancier - we went to Commander's!).
G's fulfilled all my requests perfectly.  Just the right amount of cheese and sauce for our liking.  And it tasted very good.  The crust was good and solid (greasy last time), and it sure was in the shape of a heart, which was awesome.  It definitely made up for the previous trip and we definitely enjoyed our pizza.
G's is back on our radar!Vegans rejoice! This place not only has vegan cheese (Diaya) but they also have vegan pepperoni and we know how rare that is ( for an extra $6 if you order a large pizza). I don't know the price of it on other size pizza. I ordered a vegan green roots and a vegan margherita pizza. The coolest thing was since it was Wednesday their special is buy one large pizza get a second one for $1! I also ordered some vegan cheesy jalapeno bread. The crust was delicious and had a pan pizza style, crispy on the outside and airy on the inside.A cool pizza place where you can indulge in a variety of wines and eat some delicious pizza in a casual setting. They have creative concepts while also delivering a great product!  Vegan friendly and have gluten free options
Margherita pizza: classic margherita with fresh tomato and basil. The crust is thin as expected and provides a nice crunch that gives a boost to the texture of the toppings.
Pesto pizza: has a nice smoky flavor from the bits of bacon and a nice assortment of meat used that complement the flavor of the pesto well.OMG so Yummy !!! Took my Girl for Lunch places & Luved It !!! Our waitress was Totally helpful & had a Killer Quirky attitude which we Enjoyed!!!
Food was Stop On Deliousous came out quick & we got the Special for a $1.00 Pizza to take home !!! Which we ate because it smelled so darn Yummy in the kitchen!!!
Will Totally be Back !!!I love this place! It's right down the street from one of my best friend's home in midcity New Orleans. You can walk from her house! It's tiny and quaint with a wonderful staff! The best thing about this tiny quaint cute pizza joint is they have the greatest specials! We always seemed to stroll in there on Wednesday evenings and we always get the special! $1 large gourmet pizza, buy one large gourmet or x-large pizza and get 2nd pizza for $1. That's a great special! Can't wait to try more of their food!Food is delicious. We always get the feta fillo rolls. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!! last time we came here got half big cheesy half Greek gyro. Big cheesy was insane. Greek Heyl was good but not good enough to remember how good lol. This time we got half big cheesy again (with pepperoni this time) half Bienville supreme (w/o mushrooms). Will update on how the pizza comes out! 
UPDATE: Both were amazing. But on just one slice they accidentally combined both the big cheesy and Bienville supreme and that was even better!!! From now on I plan to be getting the Bienville supreme toppings on top of the big cheesy w side of ranch. Waitress is also really sweet and helpful! Wonderful placeCanceled my order 30 minutes plus after ordering with no explanation, apology or any consideration.Pizza was delicious we got the NOLA Roots pizza on wheat crust. The veggie, sauce and cheese ratio were perfect. The crust is soft which is sometime challenging to not have the wheat crusts to dry out or have no flavor. They have indoor and outdoor seating but it was chilly last night plus I think they may have been short staffed so the service was a bit slower. However it was our first time so I can't speak for their usual service wait time.Only reason for a two star was the attitude of the delivery driver.  We ate there for the first time last week and enjoyed it so we decided to get delivery.  Ordered pizza for deliver and the estimated time of delivery was 60 min wait time.  Was on my way home and got there 30 min after I ordered my pizza. I was walking up to the back foot when I got a call from the driver saying he was at the front door.  He maybe waited 30 seconds before I opened the front door.  When he gave me my order he then slapped the receipt on the top of the box which was uncalled for. I will go and pick it up the next time we order instead of having all the attitude from the delivery driver.We've eaten here for years and it is always consistently awwwwwwsome!
The buffalo wings are lightly battered and topped with a spicy tangy slow burning perfect sauce. Do yourself a solid and suck down a few of these hot puppies!
Then, of course, the main attraction is THE PIZZA....
The pizza IS Mystic Pizza ... If you're familiar with the film "Mystic Pizza" and the secret ingredient in the mystical sauce, then this reference will clarify the absolutely divine quality and flavor of this establishment's delectably perfect pizza! The thin crust is also light and fluffy with a soft hand tossed aspect, which I love, though the hubby prefers and expected a crisp thin crust.
The waitress was a glowing kind and warm young lady... A true joy. She was the extra cheese on top that made this a wonderful pizza pie experience!
Thanks to everyone on the team for making this yet another delicious dining experience! Yum yum yum yum
Yum yum yum yum
Yummmmmmmm!G's Pizza found a good home in MidCity. I walk or ride my bike there with my daughter and appreciate the super delicious pizza, the cozy atmosphere, and the nice staff!Every since the name changed from Magazine to G's the quality has been in steep decline. It has also become very inconsistent. One time you will get minimal cheese and veggie ingredients with a lot of sauce, the next time you will get a lot of cheese and minimal sauce. The last order a few of our favorite ingredients were left off. I won't even mention the removal of the best salad they had as Magazine Pizza. I really want to support them, but I feel I'm wasting my money and will support another local pizza place or the Magazine Street Magazine Pizza.For the record, this place still rocks. My boyfriend and I moved up to Baton Rouge for school, so we only get to come here during the holidays. But it is still my favorite pizza place out of all of the pizza joints I've been to in both Baton Rouge and New Orleans. As I stated in my previous review that I planned to get the half big cheesy half Bienville supreme for future visits, that is accurate. My go to order every time now is the big cheesy with the supreme toppings (minus mushrooms). It's so freaking good, I do a little happy dance every time I get to come here, I get so excited. I will be back in just a few weeks, and I can't wait! :)Just had our first try of this place after hearing rave reviews. It's official! We have a new delivery place! Will definitely ordering our pizzia from here from now on! Great wings and nice salad!Not much difference between indoor and outdoor seating, they leave the doors open , so it's hot and full of mosquitoes. The pizza isn't bad, but for the price you can get better elsewhere. They're not consistent with toppings either. We got pizzas that were burnt and didn't have all the toppings. They remade them and had even less toppings.This was my first time ordering from H's pizza after hearing good reviews. I was pretty disappointed when I got home and opened the box to find almost the entire thing of garlic bread burnt. On top of it being burnt it had zero taste. I gave three stars because we also got a Margherita pizza and that tasted AMAZING. 
Update: I added a star because I just had someone from G's reach out and apologize. That shows a lot when a business does that. We will be visiting again and crossing our fingers the breadsticks come out good next time.So good!! The goat cheese on the City Park Salad tasted so fresh! I would go back just for the salad. They have a sweet deal on Thursday's for 2 large pizzas with 2 free appetizers. They do half pizzas on the larges too so you can try different pizzas.I wish I could review the food, but after waiting for my online order to be delivered I never got it. Apparently their online ordering system involves some  3rd party company calling in the order to the restaurant. After spending 5 minutes on the phone with three different people when I called to find out the status of my order ,the store manager tells me they "rejected" the order because they never got confirmation from the company. I had a e-mail confirmation. Don't waste time here...go to Theo's down the street...better specials and amazing service.Ordered a pizza two hours ago. They said it would be ready in an hour. I showed up 1 hour 15 minutes later and they said ten more minutes. Ok that's fine, I'm a reasonably patient person. 
It's now been 45 minutes and I still have no pizza. Will go to Mid City Pizza or Blaze next time instead.Got pizza for take out during their Wednesday special (buy one get one for a buck). We got one with a gluten free crust and one with whole wheat crust- both were okay but not great. The toppings also tasted average but not amazing, nothing  wrong with them, but nothing that stood out to me. They get points for having accommodating crust choices, but besides that- I don't think I would be back for pizza excepts if I needed some inexpensive pizzas on a Wednesday night. I may try them for lunch though for some of their non-pizza options as these seem popular as well. They have a nice patio with outdoor seating that seemed popular with families, they definitely have a casual neighborhood joint vibe!We have been here twice & also ordered takeout. Pizza here is delicious. We ordered spinach dip the last time we came & it was ok. Salad was good & the pizza is the best. We had pepperoni & also the bienville supreme. Crust is perfect & marinara sauce is flavorful. We really enjoy their pizza. I would consider us pizza snobs so I would say this is one of the best pizza places in the city. They have indoor & outdoor dining. We have done both. Service is great. Wine & beer selection are good.This is my go to pizza place. It helps that it's only a mile from where I live BUT, they have daily specials and they deliver. 
The Wednesday dine in or take out special is my usual indulgence. Buy one large specialty pizza and get the second for only $1!!!Very good vegan pizza! The place is small so it's a very intimate setting, nonetheless better than I expected.This is a go to spot for us. They have a dedicated vegan menu. The vegan burger and vegan pizza are both delicious. The Brussel sprouts are highly recommended too! The Howard Ave location has great mimosa specials so we go there before every saints home game on our way to the dome. I like the mid- city location's outdoor seating area.Grabbed this pizza after hoping of a 19 hour trip from Asia. It was perfect. Good size, fresh ingredients and very filling but I didn't feel guilty because it was so fresh. I'll definitely grab food from here again.The vegan goodness is abundant! G's Pizza makes my list of favorite casual spots in the city. 
What makes it extra special? You can both indulge in things like jalapeño cheesy bread AND a gorgeous, healthy salad. You can bring your pizza purists friends, too, and they can at the same time dine on their pepperoni pies. Seriously win-win.
Ambiance: 1970s pizza den. I think I would always opt to dine in if possible (and if not in need of a night in yoga pants on the couch). This is causal dining at its coziest best. The servers are kind and attentive. You get your food quickly and you may linger as long as you like.
What I savored the other evening: the vegan Brussels (excellent, crispy, nutty, not too oily) and a vegan Green Roots pizza (minus the onions and peppers). That pizza! Loaded with vegan cheese (I think Daiya) and a peppery sauce + smothered in veggies. It's not NY- or Naples- style, but just a really good American pie. Fulfills those pizza cravings for sure.
We were here on a Wednesday and they have one of the best deals in the city: buy one large pizza and get the second for a buck. We weren't hungry enough to indulge (and knew we would have wasted the leftovers), but how awesome is that?
I'm a huge fan of G's and so appreciate their devotion to putting out a well-thought dedicated vegan menu.One of my favorite places for delicious pizza in New Orleans! I'm vegan so we usually get the nola green root with the vegan cheese but sometimes there is too much v-cheese which isn't the same as cow-cheese so the cooks need to be mindful of the favors so that they don't clash! Other then that, there's usually a wait because they are pretty popular and have a loyal customer base. I hope y'all enjoy this restaurant as much as my family has!If cardboard had a taste it would best be described as a slice from here. Not sure why I did it to myself seeing as how the lunch rush was something out of a spaghetti western* que tumble weeds and Eastwood whistle. It was eerily quiet and yet still I said let me order 2 slices to go. I asked the waitress about the size of the slices to which she replied " decent". Lol. They were about 1 NY slice if stitched together. Mostly tasteless cheese as the lack of sauce was evident. I suffered through the first slice and then did not want to waste the second but it was tough. Still on the search to find decent pizza here in New Orleans. Consistent.Pizza was really good.  Would have been great but it didn't come with sauce.  When ordering it says it comes with marinara sauce if no choice selected, so I left it blank thinking they'd just put marinara on it.  Not their fault just maybe some better clarification on the website when ordering.  Used grub hub to get my food through yelp and it was seamless.  Would order again!My wife and I had lunch here yesterday.  We are both lactose Intolerant and gluten free.  We had the Margherita  Pizza which was phenomenal. We also had the fried Brussel  Sprouts with pepper jelly.  So good.  Staff was very pleasant.  Found our new restaurant.We actually love this place. Great pizza. Just extremely disappointed with the service at the end our meal.  We ordered 2 XL pizzas. We ate one and had the other one boxed to go. In the hassle of paying the bill and leaving we forgot to grab the pizza. We realized we forgot the pizza ( that's on us)...but when we called about 10 minutes after we left realizing we forgot our other pizza that we PAID for, we were told we threw it out ...."oh well  it happens".  Not let me see what we can do. I know we forgot the pizza but realizing it was a whole pizza not to hang on to it for at least 30 minutes just throw it out.  Maybe I am over reacting but I felt it could have been handled better than " it happens".It was our first time trying G's and the entire family loved the pizza. Kids had pepperoni and my husband tried the Cajun shrimp. They said it was "amazing"! 
I didn't want to come inside due to Covid and they happily met me outside! We will definitely return!Ordered two large pizzas and the cheese/jalapeño
sticks.  Everything was over baked.  The cheese and toppings were all dry and the crust was burned.  It was awful & a total waste of my money.This is some incredible pizza. The chicken pesto knocked my socks off. Chef Henry and caretaker Yigt provided us with the most delightful service I've experience well before COVIDOrdered a pizza to pick it up and it was very yummy.   The pizza is $23 for a large one that 2-3 people could eat.  I payed online so the pickup was really quick. I would definitely go back.I tried G's pizza for the first time and although the food was pretty good, the service was horrible. The waitress took forever to acknowledge us for a drink order. After waiting 10 minutes for drinks, I finally placed my order for a pizza with gluten free crust and the waitress seemed aggravated and told me "I'll have to see if they can make that" and then never returned to let me know if the pizza could be made or not! My experience continued to go downhill from there as we were never asked if we needed anything else or tended to for the rest of the meal. Once we finished eating, we waited around for another 20 minutes for the check and to-go boxes. Before even processing our check so we could leave, the waitress tended to another party, bussed their table, took a to go order, and walked outside before even processing our checks! I liked the gluten-free options this menu provided for those with allergies, but after that poor experience I definitely will not be returning.Live around the corner from Gs and order VERY often. Got a salad tonight and paid $4 extra for shrimp and this is what I received. Is this real life?! Fork for reference.I usually don't do many reviews based on Ubereats orders but hell their food was superb!
I was getting off work late last night and didn't have time to cook so I decided to order off here. It's a pizza place but I actually was feeling a burger and wings, so that's what I got. 
Man, I got their famous burger and i have to say it was the best tasting burger I've ever had! The wings were well seasoned and delicious! Their presentation was on point too, everything neatly placed and wrapped in little decorated papers and fold up brown boxes. I can't wait to actually try this place in person at the actual restuarant. Hell, I haven't even tried the pizza yet! Still thinking of that burger...updates to come!Oh Mah Gawd! It's the greatest!
I received the flyer  and thought I should check out this place. When you walk in, the welcoming is so genuine , you feel like an invited guest.  You're told by the pretty young lady ( blond ) on the register what amenities are available on certain days. Then asked if you need a suggestion. 
Then I was offered a glass of Chardonnay by that beautiful hunk of chocolate young man and confirmed by that gorgeous hunk with the head band around his head. The staff is friendly and the young lady with the short Afro, her smile is very genuine. I felt like "wow" this is great.
 The ambiance is great, artistic, laid back and delicious. I ordered the "Narcissist, and the bacon chicken calzone. Since I happened to be there on a Wednesday when you get your second pizza for a dollar, that was a jackpot for me. 
The food was fantastic! We almost ate the box it came in.  Oh I forgot , I forgot to order the thin crust and decided to let the regular crust ride. I'm glad I did, I think I'm going to have regular crust fir a while. It was perfect. 
Go there for  yourself and see. It's naturally New Orleans with the spices as the experts would say. 
Keep up the good work y'all !      
"MO"Hands down the best pizza around! You can taste the freshness of the ingredients in the pizza! I love that they put a lot of cheese on it. The ranch dressing is homemade and is the best I have ever had. I don't usually dip my pizza in ranch but when I tried it with G's ranch, it was amazing! The staff is very friendly and down to earth. They operate long hours to accommodate the New Orleans life style!!I called at 6:55 pm and was told it would be 90 minutes to pick up. We came into the restaurant because we were close and it wasn't busy inside, but they told us that it would not take any less time if we ordered in because the order was already placed. We sat there waiting and watched four  tables sit and eat and leave while we still waited for our to go order. We got our pizza 2 hours and 20 minutes later. Although it is good, there was a hair in one of the pizzas. I am very disappointed in the service tonight.Waited over 45 minutes for a pizza they never started the order
Staff very rude
Did get a cash refund even though I wanted it on my card
Will never returnStaying at an Airbnb close by, and happened upon this gem. Great pizza. reasonable prices, and attentive, fun, and thoughtful service. When the owner heard we were first-time visitors to NO, he came over to welcome us personally and to share his favorite New Orleans spots. Warm and friendly neighborhood environment. Top notch food. Great find!I generally love this place.  Tonight, however, something is off.  I called in an order at 7 p.m. and they told me it would be ready at 8 p.m.  I've been here 45 minutes and it still isn't up.  The regular staff isn't here and it seems suspicious.