bar menu and seating was great, Nola traditional experience. Lobster roll terrific - light and fresh. We'll be back.A great location and beautiful building in the French Quarter.  We enjoyed the red wine - Galatoire's own, and it was reasonably priced.   Everything we ordered was very nice and we had a variety of menu items.  My friends had an oyster appetizer and loved it.  One of our steaks was overlooked but they corrected it quickly. The service was exceptional. Only 2 negatives - they have a dress code and the place was small and extremely noisy!  Overly loud, in fact. (Thus the three stars). We had been hoping for nice, quiet and leisurely dinner.  They pack all the guests towards the back as they are seated, so it looks top heavy on one end of the restaurant.Coolinary. We started with a well concocted French 75- Cognac of course. Baked Oysters Rockefeller totally rocked. Then probably some of the best Turtle Soup hands down. The Crab Risotto was well prepared. Petit Filet all around our table each perfectly done. We shared a side of Crab au Gratin that was killer! Dessert of Chocolate Creme Brûlée topped with Brandied Cherries was the perfect end. The Seasonal Cobbler was Plum with Pistachios was pretty darn good too. The service was timely and courteous. Quick! Go now before Coolinary ends!!It is connected to the original Galatoire's and so in some ways this is sort of just extra space for the original restaurant but they do offer a different menu.  The steak is good and the service is professional.  The downstairs bar here is large and comfortable so it might be a good place to drink if the upstairs bar at original Galatoire's is full.  Generally I would prefer dining in the original Galatorie's but if it was full I wouldn't mind eating here again.  You can also access Galatorie's 33 from the upstairs bar at Galatorie's.  The dress code here is more relaxed than the original so if you find yourself in a more business casual mood then this might be a better choice than the original Galatorie's.This is by far my worst experience dining in NOLA. Ordered French Onion Soup, veal chop, veggie and bordelaise sauce. My chop was to be medium rare plus ... closer to medium. 
No soup showed up. Wrong sauce. And the chop was rare and an end cut. How do you serve an end-cut rare ... and is always reserved for medium well to well orders. 
Terribly disappointed and all I wanted was a casual good NOLA meal.
Second chance failed miserably! Medium rare to rare in some sections of the cut. The quality was horrific, vainy and tough. Over charred on the outside a under cooked, cold center in the middle. 
The best thing I can say is the bread was fine and the butter wasn't frozen. 
They lost a customer and a "former" advocate. Given the prices, you expect more and I'm left with a bad experience and hungry.Way overpriced and nothing spectacular as far as the menu goes. Ordered the ribeye mid rare and it came to the table rare. C'mon. There are definitely better priced and better tasting steakhouses all over the city.Ate here last night. We sat at the bar. Delicious! Got the baked oysters (half casino and half rockefeller), both were very good.  It was my first time eating turtle soup. I really liked it! I was expecting a clear broth but it was more like a stew or thin chili. Very good. My husband got the rib eye and he said it was AMAZING! Rib eyes tend to be on the fatty side but this had zero fat--a wonderful piece of prime meat. I got the crab cake and it was probably the best I've ever had! Chunks of crab! For dessert we had the ice cream. It was good but nothing special. It had a mix of vanilla ice cream and raspberry gelato with a jam and whipped cream on top.Arguably the best quality steaks in town cooked to perfection. My Strip steak was exceptional.tldr: Food was fantastic, but our service was seriously lacking. Also reservation cancellation policy is ridiculous.
Galatoire's next door is known for their fantastic service, but somehow that has not transferred over! Online the happy hour times are 5-7pm and the liquors are listed. When we arrived, happy hour was 4-6pm and the liquors were different. We asked the bartender about this, and thankfully she honored happy hour prices at 6:30pm. Even she wasn't sure of the time. We didn't make a reservation because they require a credit card hold with a $25 cancellation fee per person with 72 hours notice. This is not New York. I haven't been to another restaurant in town that charges a fee to cancel and 72 hours notice. Since there were open tables listed at every single timeslot, I thought this policy was a joke. I could maybe understand during Mardi Gras or Jazz Fest, but on a random Thursday? The restaurant was half empty.
Our back servers were fantastic -- we always had water & bread. But I think our server was either the only one or just everything in the restaurant runs super slow. It easily took 30 minutes to get appetizers & new rounds of drinks took close to that. Our server struggled to remember the liquors (to be fair, half of them weren't listed in the drink menu), struggled to remember dessert after telling us there weren't enough paper menus for us, and the kitchen was out of several entrees. 
The saving grace on the restaurant is that the food is FANTASTIC. Seriously. Best steak I've had in years. The tuna crudo, oysters rockefeller, escargot, gulf fish almondine, and steak tartare were excellent. I don't have a single complaint about the food. I'd eat it all again in a heartbeat. But it's hard to choose this place over Peche, R'evolution, Compere Lapin, Commander's, and other places in town with stellar food AND service. I don't always have 2.5 hours to eat a meal, when we spent at least an hour of that waiting for drinks or courses to come.Omg!
Excellent!
Filet was perfect.  Crisp outside, rare center.  
Potatoes were addicting & service impeccableReally nice spot. The bar was so wonderful and cozy we decided to eat there. I had the crab risotto with truffles. It was so wonderful I could have done with just that and a drink. The absolute only downside is its right on Bourbon St which meant great music when anyone opened the door ( also great inside) but a bit of a let down when you leave and step into total insanity.The ribeye (medium) was amazing! Seriously so big I highly recommend splitting I couldn't even finish my half 
Butter mushrooms were also very good, not crazy about the ceaser salad but still was good. Overall, I would recommend to try if you come to Nola!On Dec. 26, my wife and I had 6PM reservations at this restaurant... supposedly a more casual version of the mother restaurant, Galatoire's, right next door. We had intended to have take part in their Reveillon special... a fixed menu that many New Orleans restaurants run from Dec. 1st - 31st... we were pretty much dressed business casual... but I did have on black jeans... there is no dress code there, but we looked pretty good. My guess is the awful waitress thought we were tourists (we live less than 4 blocks away from the restaurant) and for some reason, she didn't want her table taken up by us... even though the place was pretty empty at the time... this witch of a waitress flat out lied to us, saying that Reveillon had ended on Christmas at their and all of the other restaurants... we were quite mystified but accepted it and left... ended up eating sushi at at little place on Decatur. 
Anyway, while planning our New Year's Eve, I had been looking through Nola.com and discovered that Reveillon was indeed still going at not only Galatoire's 33, but all the other restaurants. This despicable waitress (I wish I could remember her name) at this over-priced restaurant deserves to have its business go in the take... the laughable kicker in the whole situation... my wife is a best selling travel author (numerous travel guides to her name, including a best selling New Orleans guide for Moon Handbooks). Don't give you business to this snobby, greedy restaurant or its mother restaurant... don't support anyone that would lie to customers simply to keep their tables open for someone who would pay their high prices vs going with the fixed meal price of Reveillon... pathetic!Was greeted warmly by two lovely older gentlemen, and I asked to be seated at the bar.  I had gotten there for a late lunch, so around 2:30pm.  Since it was my first proper meal in NOLA, I kind of went big: cup of okra gumbo, fried eggplant, and the crab and avocado salad.  Bread, Miss?  I'd LOVE some.  Also had a local NOLA beer that the very attentive and kind bartender recommended.
Although a cup of gumbo, there were two huge shrimp, oysters, okra and chunks of crab.  It was perfectly seasoned with a lovely spicy bite.  I had done a bit too much the night before, so I needed the fried eggplant that came with very fresh hollandaise (yum!!) and powdered sugar (new to me). What the heck, try each, try them together, it was all perfect!  The bread was freshly baked and soft and warm and the butter was of the best quality.  Lastly, the salad.  Half of an avocado with an NBA player handful of fresh crab on a bed of bibb lettuce with tomato slices.  Amazing, and so refreshing in the warm weather.  
The service was impeccable and when I make my way back to NOLA, I will go again.  Merci beaucoup!!Came here looking for some good steak in NOLA. Wound up unimpressed by their steak selection. Food was good but it really should be called Gallitoire's whatever and seafood. 
Also men must wear a jacket while dining.Let's just start with the basics ... Even though nothing is basic about this place .. The staff so amazing  and attentive !!! Oh boy the crab cake was so wonderful I mean Wonderful the best I ever had in New Orleans Lamb chops Red fish creamed spinach was so delicious I wanna go everyday if I could  ..Steak house di buon livello.
Anche l'ambiente è molto carino e curato.
La carne era ottima (anche se inferiore a quella di Ruth Chris).
Il posto però era molto affollato e confusionario. impossibile parlare se non con il proprio vicino.
Servizio deludente. In America c'è sempre la tendenza ad avere diversi camerieri per fare quello che da noi in Italia fa una persona sola.
La cosa potrebbe anche essere positiva se funzionasse bene! Invece qui hanno girato a vuoto tutta sera servendoci molto male (hanno sbagliato tutte le cotture) e mettendoci un sacco di tempo.
Alla fine conto di 90$ a persona per bistecca e contorno. 
Direi accettabile. Peccato davvero la confusione ed il servizio!We had a party of 8 in town for a long weekend. Every person had the best meal they have EVER had. I would recommend ribeye, any of the potato choices. We tried the seafood appetizer plate. Wonderful. The atmosphere perfect. Definitely would make a point to return.I made dinner reservations here on Jan. 1, 2015. Upon arrival we were quickly seated. The service was impeccable. The food was delicious! The steaks were cooked to perfection. 
The only negative is that the noise level can get a little loud, but not bad. 
If you're looking for a steakhouse in New Orleans, you can't go wrong with Galatoire's 33, not to be confused with Galatoire's right next door. It was one of the best steaks I've had in a while.Galatoire's has been an institution of culinary service in Nola for over 60 years. 
You can't go wrong dining here. The food, the service and the atmosphere all represents the Nola way of life. 
I always enjoy coming here for dinner or lunch. They just do everything right from water pouring to serving coffee. 
On this visit we enjoyed an amazing dinner; thanks to our server John who made it special. 
The appetizers were tasty and the steaks were made perfectly as we wanted them. 
Go and enjoy 33!One of our favorites!!! Everyone is so friendly and helpful! Dirty martinis are a must! The crab cake is my favorite in the city. It is all lump crabmeat. Every steak is cooked to perfection!Booked a reservation for Father's Day - was a little disappointed that for as empty as restaurant was it took 2 1/2 hours for lunch of 2 adults and 2 children. 
Seemed our waiter was the only waiter in the dinning room. So my 3 star rating is for poor experience on a special day. 
All and all the food was good but not good enough for me to go back.This was my first time here. I have been to Galatoire's next door but never the 33 bar. Service was great, as I would expect. I liked that it was a bit more casual. Food was also excellent. My only complaint is that my steak and another friend's steak both ordered medium rare were first brought out cooked medium/ medium well. However as soon as it was brought to our waiters attention, he took care of us. Very soon after, we were brought out two new steaks cooked perfectly!I decided to take myself to a really nice dinner Tuesday night, my first night in NOLA. This was more than I could have expected. Skip, my server, gave excellent suggestions which I am happy to say were the most delicious choices. They made me feel very comfortable, which occasionally is hard to come by as a single diner. I'm very happy with my experience and will be back next time I visit.First of all, they're on the We Live to Eat website and it doesn't say anything about the menu not being available on certain days, but I went to dinner yesterday and was told that they weren't doing the We Live to Eat menu last night.
I checked the website again today. It doesn't say anywhere that they don't have this menu available on certain days. If it were just me, I would've walked out, because I find that very unprofessional. I had plenty of other choices and could've gone to one of the many other places that WERE going to honor the promotion that they SIGNED UP FOR.
But I was with two friends from out of town and I didn't want to worry about trying to get a table at another restaurant, so we just stayed. Maybe that's what they were hoping for, I don't know.
Dinner itself was fine. It was enjoyable. I got the quail and was surprised to see two birds on my plate. I took one home for lunch. My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes: the 7 oz sirloin and the Duck l'Orange.
I'm being nice and giving 3 stars, but I really wish that they didn't play with me with the restaurant week stuff, because last night was the only night I could go to any of the WLTE dinners because I'm traveling this week, and they ruined my only chance.Lovely atmosphere once you step inside off Burboun Street.  Very nice room.  Our wait person was busy with another table and never arrived at ours, so once we were seated for a while, the Maitre'd offered to take our order.  There were only two of us.  We started with oysters Rockefeller.  The shells were quite large but the oysters had shrunk to tiny size beneath the spinach topping, which was tasty.  Very good and generous portion of Caesar salad with actual anchovies. Yet when our entree arrived, they managed to swap our steaks so I got the rare ribeye and my husband the medium strip.  I suppose I should have sent them back.  Sides of potatoes brabant was nice and garlicy and broccoli cooked just right.  Service, however, was not up to par for the prices they charge though the food was good.This is the smaller restaurant directly next to the main Galatoire's location on Bourbon st. I sat at the bar as I was by myself. The bartenders were very helpful and personable. I was able to order the thick cut pork chop that is on the menu next door and it was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and seasoned very well. Over all a very good experience at a very famous place in the quarter. Don't be fooled by the outside atmosphere on Bourbon st, this place is very classy and well put together.Came here on our first night in New Orleans for my birthday dinner.  Considering we were going to eat seafood during most of our trip I wanted to have a good steak.
My GF had the 10 oz filet.  This was amazing. 5 stars for being the most perfect filet we have ever had.  According to the waiter, they wet age their steaks for 3-4 weeks.
I had the 16 oz Ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly and was very tender.  Well trimmed and no huge fat piece of fat(river) in the middle.  Unfortunately it was a bit over seasoned for my liking.  If you like Flemmings or Ruth Chris' then this steak will blow you away.
For sides we had the sautéed mushrooms and sautéed spinach.  The mushrooms were perfect but didn't care too much for the spinach.
Wine selection is ok.Very tasty steak! The ambiance has an old school New Orleans. We had a great meal and amazing service. It's. It terribly hard to get in here either.Went by on a Sunday afternoon, during Mardi Gras weekend, they had a limited bar menu offering before they officially opened, and a special Mardi Gras menu. It was nice they offered a small selection of food before officially being opened, unfortunately, the food was not anything to speak home about. My open face steak sandwich felt as if it had been sitting out next to an open cooler door, it was ice cold. It took about 15 minutes to fix and get a new one, which tasted fine, nothing great. The hamburger tasted like something we used to make in the backyard back in my college days, no flavor, burnt to death. 
Service was nothing special either. We had to beg for a drink menu, ask for refills. Bar tenders were busy talking and spending time with the locals it seemed. 
Glad we stopped by, because now we know that we won't ever go back for an official dinner. Highly disappointing.What you would expect from a Classic New Orleans establishment! Try the Turtle soup it was excellent! Their specialty drinks were also very good and there were a few unusual renditions of favorites. 
And to their Credit, they told us that they were not serving any crab that evening as there was an issue with what was available. I would rather have them tell you that than be disappointed in what we ordered. 
All and All a great experience!Really good steak... a bit over seasoned but I trimmed that part away and it was amazing! I tend to find all restaurant food too salty.This is an easy review to write because this place is what we have come to expect in a Galatoire's restaurant (Baton Rouge is excellent too). Gorgeous decor is a quiet, elegant refuge from the loud bawdiness of Bourbon Street.
Eat in shorts and flip-flops in the bar (two huge TVs) or wear slacks and shoes in the dining room. Bar drinks were good. Steaks were delicious, fairly priced and cooked perfectly. Sides were good, but waiter called them family size and they are certainly no more than couple size. Sides were good but room for improvement on the mushrooms which were marinated in wine before sautéing and turned out too tangy for my taste. We skipped dessert.
Try it. You'll probably be very glad you did.One of the best steaks I have ever had in my life - no joke.  It was crusted in pepper and sea salt, cooked to perfection.  Me and the mister had dinner here the evening before New Year's Eve and we couldn't have been happier.  The service was top notch and the food was excellent.  He ordered the fish of the day, which was served in a lemon butter glaze.  We shared the brussel sprouts as a side, which were sauteed and carmelized.  I would recommend this place as a nice place to have a dinner without being in a larger scale steakhouse.  There aren't many tables, but the dining room is very nice.Great service at this Bourbon Street steakhouse - We ate dinner at a table in the bar.  The bartender that waited on us was awesome.  We asked if he would change the TV so we could watch a specific game.  He did, no problem.  After dinner when we asked him to recommend a restaurant that had great bread pudding, he immediately said "next store at Galatoire's main Restaurant".    We said we'd stop there on our way home.  He said "No way.  I'll go next door and get it for you".  And he did.  The food was good, but nothing special.  That bartender made all the difference.It was a wonderful evening. My Birthday dinner! Nice people, great service, good food. Thank you, Adam, for your amazing service!!I don't usually go to Bourbon Street, but when I do, I'll think of Galatoire's 33. I was glad to get to check out the place after seeing in under renovation for so long. They did a great job; the place has a traditional New Orleans feel without being stuffy. The happy hour drinks were good, potent, and well priced.Really bad... like really bad. Worst meal and service that we have experienced the entire trip. Probably should have realized what was to come when the waitress took 30 minutes to get us a menu. I had the creole chicken. Chicken was cooked well and was moist but it wasn't warm. It was the furthest thing from creole. Honestly it tasted like the "chef" poured pace salsa on top of it. The waitress was very inattentive. The best service came from the table bus boy. I wish that my tip could have gone straight to him. Don't waste your time and money.Good service and elegant atmosphere, but my tiny turtle soup had no turtle in it, unless you count the 0.1 mm of tofu-like sliver of something for meat.  Unbelievable.Great service, really great food and cocktails. It's fancy, but they accommodated is in "regular" clothes.Great, old school steakhouse located in the French Quarter. Ribeye, creamed spinach, and onion rings hit the spot after our long flight.Everything here was FANTASTIC. Our server, Michael, was extremely helpful, polite, ans gave us great recommendations, including the chocolate creme brulee (yum). Even the table busser was fantastic and very friendly.
For dinner we had the Tuna Steak and the Gulf Fish of the day, which was swordfish. They were two of the best cooked pieces of fish I have ever tasted, which as a pescetarian is saying something. I would go here everyday of the week if I could!
Food = A
Service = A+
Only thing I would change is to add more vegetarian options, since my vegetarian friend basically had to order off of the sides menu.We decided to go at the last minute for dinner on a Thursday night. The bar seats were all taken so we sat at banquette in the bar. The immense and well thought out wine list is a winner, we had moderately priced Bordeaux. Split the 33 salad & it had a ton of flavor and great ingredient(pecans and pickles!).  We split the T-Bone for 2 and it was perfectly charred and cooked to medium rare, the portion size was right on. Side dishes were wonderful and not too salty collard greens and expertly cooked and hot steak house potatoes. The dinner was nicely simple and understated. Service was kind of attentive but they were short staffed. We will be back.Excellent food.  The best service that you will fine anywhere. Not cheap, but so good.Stopped here to get out of madness of Bourbon St. Robert and Jordan bartenders were grand! Had a Sazerac, best ever. Can't wait to return!Well with so many people talking about how great this place was, I left feeling disappointed. Don't get me wrong the food was good but not great and the waiter felt "new" and "unknowledgeable" which for the amount we spent on dinner I felt let down and the overall experience was mediocre. If it's a business lunch you're looking for sure it's fine but that's where I would draw the line. Not impressed and actually regretted going.I don't believe I've dealt with such rude staff in my life. The management here is atrocious. The bar staff were amazing, the food was good, but certainly did not come close to expectations. The real problem is that management made us feel unwelcome, told us we couldn't eat at their restaurant, and when told that we were looking forward to the experience, allowed us only the courtesy of sitting separated from the other patrons by being at the bar. I've never been so angered and embarrassed in my life. This was the worst "dining" experience I have ever had. I would have walked out if I were not with a party that had their hearts' set on trying their food. I cannot believe that after spending closer to $1000, we weren't offered any common decency.I was in the Big Easy for a bachelor's party so the only kind of planning we did was where to go drink. Nobody really thought about where to go eat until it was time to go eat. Cochon was obviously out of the question because the restaurant was fully booked all of weekend. So we all decided to just walk down and see what steakhouse would come up in our path.
The first fancy looking restaurant we ran into was Galatoire's. No, not this one - the one next door. I walked in and asked them what their dress code was and I was told that jackets required (they have loaner jackets) but since we didn't want to dine at a place that's too stuffy, we decided to go somewhere else when the hostess told us to just go next door (she did warn us that Galatoire's 33 had a different menu from Galatoire's but we just wanted steak and both restaurants had steaks). However, looking at the prices at both restaurants on their respective websites, it seems like Galatoire's 33 has the more expensive steaks. So, more casual but higher priced? I don't get it, but whatever.
Galatoire's 33 has two sections. The bar is in the front and the restaurant is in the rear. As we walked pass the bar, one of my friends eyed a bottle of Glenmorangie Signet scotch on the shelf and proceeded to the bar to place the order. While he was at the bar, we were seated and greeted by our waiter who proceeded to ask if he could take our drink orders. We informed our waiter that our friend was already placing an order at the bar. This seemed to annoy him a bit because he made a comment, "why did he go to the bar?! I could understand his frustration because four glasses of that scotch cost almost $200. 18% of that is a lot of tip that our waiter wasn't getting. But come on!
Anyway, we got water, bread, butter and we placed our orders. I personally ordered their 16 oz ribeye. Some of my friends ordered appetizers such as the Caesar salad and the lobster bisque and for the main entree, they either ordered the filet mignon or the NY Strip. We also ordered potatoes au gratin and creamed spinach to share for sides. 
The ribeye steak was pretty legit - done just the way I liked it (medium rare) and surprisingly not too fatty. The creamed spinach was really good but not the best I've had; and the potatoes au gratin was just okay. 
After the initial snide remark of ordering the drinks at the bar, our waiter was pleasant the rest of the night. However, there was a busboy who picked up our plates and cleaned our table and that guy was HILARIOUS! He was making funny comments like "why do you guys always get quiet when I come around?" I know that doesn't sound funny, but moments later he came back with, "I want to apologize. I didn't realize my fly was down. Is that why you guys got quiet?" Just funny little comments throughout then night. Definitely made our dining experience better. And yes, I know that's probably not something you want when you're having a romantic dinner here. But hey, maybe you should have put on a jacket and go next door for a romantic dinner?
All in all, I had a great experience here at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak. Will I be back? Mmm, maybe. I mean, there are other steakhouses in NOLA that I definitely would love to try so I might have to try those other places first and come back here. But I'm definitely not saying no to this restaurant.One of my favorite dining experiences from start to finish. Awesome bar, staff is so welcoming, knowledgeable, attentive and funny yet very professional. I've been a few times and bartender remembers my drink, managers make a point to welcome me back. Steaks cooked to perfection.We went here with some friends for dinner, service was great. The turtle soup was much milder than I expected, the lobster salad was very good only would have been better with a little more seasoning, The prime Rib eye I ordered came out as a New York, and the server noticed that and replaced it quickly, the steak was over seasoned, the hash browns and creamed spinach were excellent as was the Prime Filet, overall great quality food was used. The wine list is very big and offers a lot of wine you don't always see, and maybe can't afford. The room is quite comfortable a great addition to Bourbon StreetYes sir. Nailed it. Loved this place. Arrived with a big crew around 12 and left over 3 hours later and very well off. The service and drinks were great! 
The Crab Cakes dominated.
Love this place.This was a wonderful find! Escaped Bourbon street for a quick drink . It was happy hour and the drinks were great , great price too . 5:00 -7:00 pm Mon-Thurs. The escargot was the best we have had in years . We are fussy about escargot ! Went back two days in a row !! Very nice bartenders too !Can't go wrong with the new grill. Attentive staff. Great atmosphere for a quiet evening out 
Only con is the swordfish was dry.Amazing staff, delicious food.  Local ingredients, great chef, worldly wines.  Best steak tartar ever.  Bread was toasted to perfection, large portion of tartar, wonderful mustard vinaigrette.We stopped by the bar this afternoon and had a drink with Kim the bartender. We asked about dinner reservations and he took our names and time and set us up. When we went in for dinner he greeted us with a big smile and the maitre d seated us. Our waitress was Nikki and she made us feel very comfortable and told us to take our time. We found a bottle of wine which we began to enjoy while we looked at appetizers and salads. We decided to split the crab cake and lobster salad. Both were excellent and after finishing those we both decided to have the filet mignon. Could not have been better. The butter sauce on the steaks was exquisite. We had Bernard helping with water and making sure everything was okay. The place was a totally wonderful experience.Lot of hype. Went for dinner and had a Batchelor party next to us dunk,obnoxious, vulgar and they let this go on. We were upstairs with other guests that also were totally anoyed with these people. I brought it to the attention of the waiter and she replied "That's how we roll here"???? Wait I have to wear a jacket to dinner and you allow Animal House???? 
   Then there was the food. Gumbo had very little too No season my entree also was bland like I was eating at a nursing home.  The tea machine was dirty and it smells like they got it from the urinal.  Service was 1-10 a 4 . But on a positive note the bread pudding was awesome! !! 
 It might be a great place and a tradition to get drunk at noon on Friday.  But the Saturday night dining was HORRIBLE! 
FIRST AND LAST VISIT...Wow.  Did not see this coming. It's on bourbon street a couple blocks off of Canal Street.  I assumed it was going to be one of those typical tourist spots that charge too much and don't deliver very good food.  What an amazing surprise!  Ordered the 16 Oz ribeye (medium).  This was not my first steak; but I can honestly say that if I don't wake up tonight, I am so dang happy this was my last one!  I have NEVER EVER EVER had a ribeye that was this flavorful, perfectly marbled, and tender.  I literally was able to easily cut through it with my fork.  If I could swipe right on a steak, I'd TOTALLY do it for this steak.  It is hands down the best steak I have ever eaten.Galatoire's 33 is outstanding.  From the service to the execution of the dishes, everything is at the top of the game.  The bar in the front is an elegant spot for meeting for drinks with lots of cozy seating.  We enjoyed the escargot in cream sauce for an appetizer and it was decadent.  Warm crusty french bread with butter was delivered to the table.  The french onion soup was an interesting hearty version with almost a cheddar cheese-type of cheese.  The ribeye steak was an excellent quality, cooked exactly to the temperature requested, and did not need any type of sauce whatsoever.  We ordered a side of the horseradish cream sauce, which was more cream than horseradish, so if you prefer to kick it up a notch they could have brought you plain horseradish to mix it to your liking.  The duck a l'orange was absolute perfection. I have never seen a more beautifully cooked duck with perfectly crisp skin and the portion was perfectly sized.  The orange sauce was not overpowering.  The lobster chop salad was excellent, it was mixed arugula with a tarragon goddess dressing, bits of roasted beets, a few slices of avocado and then very generous servings of lobster.  This salad would be perfect for a light elegant lunch course all on it's own.  The sides we tried, the creamed spinach and the brussels sprouts were both fantastic.  The creamed spinach is the best version we've tried in the city, not too creamy and just the right consistency.  The brussel sprouts were not fussy in any way or any exotic preparation.  For dessert we enjoyed some scoops of some of the best ice cream we have tasted which we were told was from a local ice cream purveyor.  The cafe au lait was also delicious.  The next table over, the server prepared Cafe Brulot, which was quite entertaining.  The one thing you will miss from the regular Galatoire's is the beautiful garnish dish served on a silver platter that you are presented with when ordering martinis, although we were given a mini version on an amuse bouche-sized plate.  We can't say enough great things about our dinner at Galatoire's 33.We had a great time being a walk in around 830 the hostess was nice, bar staff great and sommelier knowledgeable. They sommelier was very honest as their wine selection didn't have what we were looking for but made great recommendations. 
Later after our meal we found out the gm wouldn't let us sit in the dining room due to shorts, slacks, and polos while one guy had a t-shirt. After we dropped around 100 a head. We tipped the staff while the gm made recommendations for other places sarcasticly and I was told by one of the other staff they were having a bad day. Great food but poor management off bourbon street. Steaks we're solid. Just don't catch the managers on rough nights. It is hospitality but don't take it out on the guest.When you're on a mission to treat yourself this is the place to go! I called ahead to make sure  I would be welcomed even without a reservation, and luckily the restaurant was not busy that particular night. I'd recommend calling ahead and making a reservation if you know you will be dining at Galatoire's.
My waiter was very kind and attentive. He explained the specials, and showed me the cocktail list. I knew from the pictures on Yelp that I definitely wanted to try the crab cake. Believe me when I tell you it's all crab, and no cake! It's a wonderful mass of crab meat and its warm when served. It's perfect, and I'd highly recommend you order it.  As for the main meal I ordered a filet which was cooked perfectly, and had a good flavor. I also ordered the creamed spinach. This was also good, but I think it might have needed a little salt and pepper to make it even better. Then there was the lobster au gratin. This dish was awesome, and with the steak it was perfect.  I was not kidding when I said I was treating myself.
Overall I had a great experience at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak. I'd most definitely return, and would encourage others to give it a try if you haven't already.One of the best classy places to go (even though it's off Bourbon St.) for a steak dinner in New Orleans. Jason was our waiter who gave us an excellent experience there. The crab cakes was like heaven in my mouth. It had the lightest and freshest taste I've ever experienced. It is now the best I've ever had. The steaks were amazing. They will cook it to your liking. When you say "medium well" they will bring it to you medium well. I hope to experience that again when I go back and visit NOLA.Coming from Connecticut and being a huge fan of steak-- this place was amazing. Amazing service with a very pleasant and respectable waiter. He was always so polite and attentive to our needs. Answered all questions. They offered to serve any of the steaks as half and half for my boyfriend and I which worked out perfectly since they were huge! We got the potato leek soup which was amazing and just how it should be & better. We then got the steamed asparagus, the New York strip, and the lyonnaise potatoes. Out of this world!!! The asparagus had this oil over it that was so yummy. The strip was cooked to perfection and the outside was blackened. They even brought over a side of bearnaise Incase we wanted which of course I tried and loved. The potatoes were outstanding. I was a little skeptical because they were served with caramelized onions which I don't like, but these potatoes were outstanding. Just the right amount of onion and seasoning with them, I would get it again in a heart beat. At this point we were way to stuffed to get dessert but I'm sure that would be phenomenal as well. 100% go here if you love steak and are looking for amazing food. I would come back to NOLA just to go back to this restaurant. !!!!!In town for a few days and the 4 of us were looking for a steak house.  This place was recommended to us. The food was top notch and our server, Brittney was awesome. She was very personable and made our dining experience memorable!I would have gladly given this resturant 5 Stars....but unfortunately I ate at the bar and the bartender was absolutely horrible and the most unprofessional person I have dealt with for a decade!
Nothing more terrible for a services staff employee to Rush a customer out of EMPTY bar and Restaurant!
The food was excellent and I highly recommend going this restaurant with one HUGE Caveat...DON'T EAR AT THE BAR EVER!!!Great steak and best crab cake i have ever had!   Highly recommend the place as everything about the evening was great.  Turtle soup very good as well.I planned a Christmas Eve dinner for my family at the beginning of the month and called and made a reservation. I got an email back confirming my reservation. On dec 22  at after 6pm I received a phone call from someone with very poor grammar, dialect, and social skills telling me they needed a credit card to confirm the reservation. I thought it was odd and might be a scam so I told them I was driving and would call them back. When I called back the next day they told me they just needed me to confirm the reservation and didn't need my credit card. Hmmmm... Very curious! 
When we got to the restaurant we were immediately seated but after we settled in the hostess came to our table and told us we needed to move. They were trying to accommodate a larger table (that we later saw was friends of the chef). We moved and they sent out some appetizers for the mistake. We ordered our meal and waited what seemed like an eternity for our food (and ended up missing midnight mass!). But the table that we were moved for was seated, served , and gone before we had gotten our food! 
The food was really good at the time....but I woke up xmas morning with food poisoning and have been sick all Christmas Day! I'm pretty sure it was the escargot that only I ate...It was delish! Great drinks & casual, nicely furnished lounge area up front so if you're looking for a nice, clean, air conditioned upper scaled (without being stuffy or snobbish) atmosphere, this is your place! The front area is first come first serve so you've got to kind of indiscreetly creep on the other patrons so you can swoop in & get their table when they're leaving! People are so friendly down south another couple actual asked to join us for drinks as they waited for their reserved table. The hostess says she'll watch get you a table (in lounge) be do your work, she got sidetracked & we missed the first table! Dining in the rear (make reservations) we shared a NY Steak, asparagus & lobster au gratin! Everything was amazing, hot & fresh! It's not a place anyone referred to us either which I was surprised by after eating there. This was our last night out & we'd done Bourbon St so it was a great place to be "in the mix" of downtown without being shoulder to shoulder with everyone in The Quarter.Had a lovely dinner last night. Service was exceptional, thanks to Jarrell, our captain.  A few members of our party were very happy with the coolinary specials. I was happy with my choice of Tuna  with Olive tapenade. Lovely atmosphere and eveningThe bar at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak serves, without a doubt, the best drinks in New Orleans....And I have to give kudos to Casey who was so good that we had to come back with friends to share the experience.  I had a special drink with bourbon which I cant remember what was in it..only that it was amazing....Casey made the experience so great...and she also made the best Mint Julep in the world.... ...Run ..don't walk...to this bar when you are in New Orleans...What a great place to eat and relax Adam was our server and constantly made sure we did not need anything. Had a 7oz filet with soup and appetizer and a great bottle of wine. My wife had the double lamb chops which were prepared perfectly. Anyone coming here will be extremely happy.Let me start by saying I don't know why this place is so popular.  It appears to have been around awhile, and caters to those who go just to say they went there.
My boyfriend and I had 6:30 reservations for a Saturday night and were probably among the youngest people there (we are in our mid-40's). I found this place on a New Orleans website, listing it as one of the most romantic restaurants to eat at. It couldn't be farther from the truth.  It was EXTREMELY loud. The floor is tile so there is no buffer for the noise. I felt like we were yelling across the table to have a conversation. I ordered a 7 oz. filet, medium. I told the server I like it slightly pink and that some restaurants even cook it "medium plus." The first time it was brought to me, it was rare. I sent it back a second time and it came back medium rare. By this time, my boyfriend was halfway done eating (I didn't want him to wait to eat his meal until I got mine. Why should his be cold?). The server then came out to ask if the chef could cook me a brand new one which i said okay to. That came out medium well. I ate it because I was starving by that point.
We stayed for dessert and ordered the Pecan pie. I am giving this one star for the dessert. And even after all of that, we weren't comped for anything, even an $8 dessert. This is some of the worst customer service I ever experienced. I've gotten better service at a chain steakhouse like Capital Grille which never disappoints. 
I don't think I'm a picky girl but if you advertise yourself as a steakhouse, be able to cook one as a customer orders, at least getting it right the second time.
Never.Going.Back.Food is okay and the service is under par. There are many other restaurants in New Orleans that are worth going too!Great dining experience overall,  a classic steakhouse with all the bells and whistles. 
Service was fantastic,  server was knowledgeable and pleasant.  
We shared the Burrada appetizer special,  it was really amazing and all the flavor combinations went together very well. 
My date and I also shared a Caesar salad which again was delicious.
We each had the 7 oz. filet, cooked perfectly. I included Bernaise for my sauce and my date had the horseradish cream.  But very good compliments.  We shared the duchess potatoes,  creamed spinach and roasted Brussel sprouts. The Brussel sprouts and creamed spinach fell short on my expectations,  both seemed like they had been sitting in a stream table for too long.  Not clean flavors like the rest of our meal. 
Overall a beo good dining experience and would definitely go back.We had an nice time here last night.  We were looking for a classy place but not too formal and this was the perfect choice.  My wife wanted to try 1/2 dozen of their charbroiled oysters while we were sitting at the bar and Robert, our bartender was very helpful in that regard.  She decided on a sampler that had 2 Rockefeller, 2 Thermidor and 2 Casino(which were her favorite).
They had an extensive wine list from which we ordered a glass of Grgich Hills Chardonnay for me and a Duckhorn Sauvignon Blanc for her.  My wife also tried their Flower Child drink which was very good according to her.
We would definitely return and Robert was a solid and friendly bartender.Our food and the wait staff were amazing, we have no complaints in that regard. Unfortunately while we were dining on our entrées a large party sat near us. They were INCREDIBLY LOUD and obnoxious. They had been drinking in the bar before being sat and were all clapping, yelling over each other and carrying on like nobody else was in the dining room. We, along with several other tables spoke to the manager about how they were ruining our experience. We had to yell across our small for top to hear each other and even that was difficult. The manager was curt, rude and didn't do anything to help with our experience. He never asked the table to be more considerate or seem to care about anyone else in the room besides the larger party. That table and the rude, arrogant and inconsiderate manager who was too much of a coward to approach their table will keep us from ever returning. Many patrons in the dining room were not in dress code and basic requirements for "upscale dining" were not followed. It was disappointing since we chose this restaurant and a restaurant with this price point expecting minimal expectations to be followed and going for a specific experience that typically comes when you elect to spend almost $100/head for your meal. It's unfortunate being that our food was so good and the serving staff did such a great job.You want be disappointed with Galatoire's!
The service was excellent. Started out with a couple of crab cakes, delicious full of crab with little to almost no filling. Ordered a couple a filets, oh so tender & juicy.
Tried those potato puffs, It's some kind of puffed potato with a delicious sauce. Those things are addicting, had to order them twice.
The Lobster Thermidor was so good! I did not find it salty like other yelpers mentioned.
Unfortunately, never tried dessert which means I'll have to come backWe came for a casual fun dinner in this newish bar. I hadn't been to Gallatoires for years but have memories of my favorite dish ever in Nola. I asked the waiter for this dish not on the menu and he made it happen. So amazing! I highly recommend this place for anyone visiting for a true Nola experience.Great service. Not the normal New Orleans dining but definitely up there with Morton's, Peter's, and others. 
Delicious food. Attentive servers. Upscale dining. A nice break from the strip.Atmosphere,food was outstanding. 
I had the 7oz fillet was outstanding. 
Shoestring fries and lobster was the best. The lobster bisque  was great! 
The potatoes au gratin was ok,on the cheese topping more of a crust.
I prefer mine more creamy. Thats just me.
But overall I would definitely recommendThis place was amazing! Our waiter, John Henry, was very attentive; he and the busboys kept our water glasses filled. The appetizers were especially good...I had the steak tartar and my husband had the tuna crudo. For our seconds, I had the potato leek soup which was very creamy and my husband had the Caesar salad. For dinner, I had the chicken special and my husband had the surf and turf with half a lobster. The steak was perfectly cooked and very tender; the lobster was sweet and not over cooked. The total cost wasn't any higher than any other upscale restaurant, we enjoyed every minute and will be back!The service and ambiance were great but I wasn't really impressed with the entrees .  I ordered the pork steak, it is really a pork steak and a bit much for me and a little undercooked.  The appetizers, bread and drinks were quite good.Really? I dragged my boyfriend to a pretentious steakhouse. I lOVE beef. He loves seafood. Both baaaad. Over $100 bad. Steak--way over salted. Oysters? What oysters? Butter bad? Yes!! Potatoes ain't gratin? No!!! Betty Crocker does it better. And she's dead!! Service though is awesome. Worst $100 ever spentFood was fantastic!  Atmosphere was quiet. Jason was our waiter and he was great!   Hated the current construction on Bourbon Street, but that was no reflection on Galatoires.  Highly recommend this quiet gem on crazy Bourbon Street.Maybe a fantastic restaurant in the past, but it's past it's prime.  The food was so so and the service horrible.  Don't waste your time or money there are lots of other restaurants that are MUCH better.  Loud and noisy, and the ambiance was lacking the NOLA charm.  I'll never recommend this going forward.The food was delicious! The service was a little slow in greeting us, but it did not bother us at all.  Unfortunately, it bothered the couple next to us who made a stink, so we had to listen to the manager kiss their booties for the rest of our dinner.  It was annoying.The food was fantastic.  Nice atmosphere, waiter was friendly and helpful.  The steaks were one of the best I have had.This place was recommended to us.  It looked very upscale and we were dressed like we had been out drinking on Bourbon street all day.
I ordered a wedge salad, which was excellent.  Nice, crisp lettuce, and great dressing.  
The crabcake appetizer was also excellent.
The main course may be our own fault.  We got hamburgers.  Mine was supposed to be medium, it was burned.  It had no flavor.  My fiance's was also burned.  They were some of the worst hamburgers we've ever gotten.
Staff was nice enough, but not extremely attentive.   I believe the food was highly overpriced for what we ordered and the taste of the food.I feel like I can't give it 5 stars cause we just had drinks at the bar...but those drinks and the environment alone earn 4 stars.
Our friend works for Macallan so we got their rum in a Daiquiri and Old Fashioned. That bartender was really good.
The daiquiri was perfect. just enough rum and citrus flavor, easy to drink and delicious.
The old fashioned was probably my fav old fashioned ever and Im not big on them in the first place. After a while, the orange bitters really sits in and adds great flavor.
As for the atmosphere, quite swanky compared to the rest of Bourbon st which I liked. Bunch of young adults in cute dresses and blazers, much more of a mature crowd than the rest of the FQ. 
The food looked good, I would think you need a reservation here though.Top 5 meal all time!  Really great experience in the French Quarter.
Food: 5 Stars - Best crab cake EVER!  All crab no filler, sweet, tender, excellent sauce, beautiful prep.  Bread was so light french, fresh, amazing with whipped butter.  7 oz filet cooked perfectly, excellent seasoning, beautiful prep.  Au Gratin potato cooked to perfection, wonderful cheese, perfect prep and presentation.
Service:  4.5 stars - staff was pretty attentive, food delivery was excellent, drink service was appropriate, very pleasant staff, friendly.
Prices:  4 Stars - probably appropriate with quality of ingredients and state of inflation, but just wish it was a little lower.  Prices have gone up from menu online.  But, was happy to pay for the quality.
What a great experience, going to visit again for sure!excellent steak.  cooked to perfection.  soft, tasty and ate more than I hoped.   the potatoes lyonaise were also amazing.   I'll be coming here each trip to New OrleansGreat service and very good food.
Apps- My wedge salad was good but my wife did not enjoy the lobster bisque.  She felt it was too watery compared to what she's used to.
Sides- Duchess potatoes and creamed spinach were on point.
Mains- We both enjoyed our steaks, strip for me and filet for her, but we both felt they were a little under done for what we ordered.  They were still delicious and probably the best steak I've had in a couple of years.If I could leave a zero I would ! rude, miserable staff, Caesar
salad barely passible, spinach cold,  lobster thermador may give me food poisoning in a few hours, will get back to you on this.....
sad.. very very sad. Leaving NOLA with a very bad feeling..Ate here this week for the coolinary menu. It was my first time there. The food was great.
The service was great. The atmosphere was amazing. You forget you are on Bourbon St.Sad. Turned away at Galatoires , now you need a reservation. Sent next door. Selection limited. Ordered pompano then told they were out. Selected redfish ala menuniere. Fish was excellent. However. Potatoes came 10 min late. Just not the same, sadly. Turtle soup odd, sherry all on the bottom of the bowl.Tacy, the bartender, is fabulous! Let her make your drinks!  She is creative and fun...and her drinks are good and she is willing to try something new...she even tried adding Rosemary to Lemoncello, which is delish!  The deviled eggs are sooo good. Would love the recipe for the smokey one.  This is a nice, quiet bar (unless we are there) where good conversation can be had- or Tacy can entertain you with exciting cocktails!Fancy bar and steakhouse in the French Quarter. No dress code for the bar (at least not one they enforce) but the restaurant requires a collared shirt and pants. We had a 7pm reservation and were seated immediately. Most of the tables were empty but by 7:30 the place was packed.
We ordered the shrimp remoulade as a starter. It was delicious with a slight tang to it. The shrimp were well deveined and prepared. It was an appropriate appetizer portion of shrimp although there was sadly half a ramekin of remoulade left over.
My wife ordered a wedge salad but had to send it back after almost immediately finding a couple of hairs in it. We understand that can occasionally happen and fortunately it didn't kill her appetite but I was upset later when the bill came and I had to request they remove the salad from our bill.
We both ordered filets (7oz and 10oz) which were perfectly cooked medium rare. It had a simple salt and pepper seasoning and was the best filet I've had in some time. I also had a side of potatoes which were cubed and fried as well as some asparagus which were steamed and rather bland.
Like most steakhouses, half the bill came in the form of alcohol. Bottle of wine start around $50 but most fall in the $80-120 range.  I ordered a digestif at the end which was $8. My wife also had a cup of tea which was proper but overpriced at $8 as well.I hate it! Food is disgusting! Not worth the price! Escargot was SUPER salty! And they only give like 4 pierces with bread for $11! The crab cakes gave a lot of crab but it's not your typical crab cake! Beyond creamy where it would make you want to vomit! The cauliflower Au gratin,wasn't even "Au gratin" it was 1/4 chop cauliflower on a plate! Not even COOK! The salad was even a disgrace! It's was so BITTER! The steak, was a thin slick like a piece of paper! So thin that Waffle House steak is thicker! The desserts? The "profiteroles" is basically cream puffs! The pastries sucks! Only the ice cream was good! SAMs cream puffs are even better and cheaper! The lemon crème brûlée is ok. The custard is good but the sugar on top they over burn it so it make the whole dessert very bitter at the end of each bit. Horrible! I will NEVER return!Upscale modern twist. Potato puffs indescribableNot great. Went to revolution the night before and the food was disappointing in comparison.  Everything was very salty. We ordered filet, fries, brussel sprouts.Worst dining experience of my life. Bartender could not serve me a drink while we were waiting for our table because he only made drinks for the dining room. There is another bartender for the bar who was not there. Our reservation was for 7:30. We were not seated until after 8. Appetizers were good but uninspired. My "Pittsburgh" steak was warm in the middle, cooked medium at best. How do you call yourself a steak house and can't even properly cook a steak? Service was horrible from the hostess to the stoner manager that had no management skills. Not one visit to any table the 2 hours we were there. Best part of that meal was projectile vomiting it up when we got back to our hotel. Gross.Did someone say steak?! Mmm!! Who doesn't love a good steak after a long day of drinking? It was NYE and we were hungry without a reservation, not recommended in New Orleans, that's for sure. So we ventured up bourbon st with the yelp app cranking options out and we came across this place. A nice steak house that is rather upscale and a bit fancy. Figured, wth, let's do it. Naturally they were completely booked but said they will try to accommodate. Out front of the restaurant there is a nice little bar area for people that are waiting for their tables, nice touch. About 30 mins later and a couple drinks down we were called in and began the superb dining experience. Started with the escargot, had a 10oz filet with brussel sprouts and a Pinot noir. The meal was actually cooked to perfection and I was pleased with everything from the meal, to the location to the service. You guys rock!!
Pros-
Food
Ambiance 
Location 
Drinks
Bar
Steak!
Cons-
Busy
Need reservations 
Bread not all that greatAbsolutely brilliant! Found this by accident on a Friday night, when everything else looked full. Walked in from the noise on Bourbon to a wonderfully vibrant atmosphere. Got a table in the bar and ate there. Crab starter and then NY Strip - best steak for ages. Side dishes are massive portions. Avo was a fun waiter and looked after us well. The wine list is an entire book but on the expensive side. It was however so good that I booked for the next night and cancelled my reservation elsewhere. This time we sat in the back in the restaurant part, which is a bit more the Fine Dining atmosphere. My two customers were very impressed. Brian was another great waiter and Avo came by to stay hello as well. It is expensive but worth it. Definitely in the book for my next visit. Still can taste that steak...I came here with friends late Sunday night close to about 9:00 or 9:30pm. I don't come to nice places like this often, but I really enjoyed it overall! We get there, put our names down for a table, and are then told it would be about a 30 minute wait so we decide to do that and go exploring close by. We come back after the wait time, but still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. The host seemed really stressed, but I was fine waiting. We finally get a table, what I liked was that it was right next to mirrors. You can check your hair/makeup without being obvious at all.
 We start off with drinks. I tried some of the French 33. I didn't like it. Too rose (roh-zay) for me so I went for the Flower Child. Much better to me! Now for the food, you get complimentary bread and butter. We didn't order any appetizers. Instead, we focused on our entree. We each had a filet mignon, our choice of sauce and vegetables for the table served family style. I got a 7 oz filet mignon. Amazing! It was the perfect size and cooked a perfect Medium like I wanted it. The sauce I got was mainly butter based. So delicious together. One of my friends ordered escargot (snails!) for the table. Being a yelper, I knew I had to try it! I didn't want to, but I did it for the review. I tried ONE snail. It tasted just like a mushroom. Not particularly good or bad, so I stopped at one. As for our vegetables, we chose steamed asparagus, collard greens, and brown butter mushrooms. Yum! I enjoyed all of them, but the brown butter mushrooms were my favorite. 
Now for dessert....the three of us shared two desserts of a slice of cake and the house ice cream sundae. The cake is described as a chocolate malt cake with toasted marshmallow. It was okay. Nothing too amazing or awful, but the house ice cream sundae stole the show. I'm still thinking about it! It's made with Louisiana strawberry jam, white chocolate shell shavings, and hazelnut toffee. Oh my goodness....this or the Nutty D'angelo from Perry's....one of those is my favorite desserts. I don't know which yet. This sundae was so refreshing from the strawberry sorbet, and had white chocolate as a topping. One of my favorites! It's really big...but as good as it was....one person can finish it. Yes, it's THAT good.This place has it all!!! Delicious food,  ambience, awesome service!!! Crab cakes delish, desert delish, my hubby had steak,  would not finish it.  Highly recommend, will come back, next visit!It wasn't bad, but it was underwhelming.  I had the oysters Rockefeller and I am no expert, but bland is what comes to mind, very bland.  The onion soup was equally as underwhelming.  The steak tartare was outstanding.  The service was great, professional un-intrusive.  I guess I didn't pick their specialties but with so many great places, I might not go back.Met and exceeded all expectations. The duck was phenominal. Order it. Service is outstanding. You will not get in without a reservation though.Great steaks, great service. Lots to like at this Bourbon Street classic. Escape the chaos and boorish crowds for a little respite at this little gem.With last minute "let's get a steak" plans with the DH, we ended up here on a Monday night. The atmosphere is very men's club...lots of wood and dark colors and a hint of Mad Men with the excellent 50s and 60s lounge music playing in the background.
When I asked for a wine list, the waiter appeared at my side with an iPad. It made getting to what I wanted easy enough, but takes away the ability to just peruse and perhaps find something new.
Service: impeccable, as you would expect, except for the waiter calling me "Bay" when offering more coffee.
Food: 
Filet, medium rare. Cooked and seasoned perfectly, as was the NY Strip.
Crab cake. The BEST I've ever had. More crab than cake. As in a whole lot more crab than cake, well seasoned and even my DH, who is not a crab cake fan, thought it was delicious.
Steamed asparagus was just a steamed veggie, nothing special about it.
Overall, it was one of the best meals I've had in ages.I came here on a recommendation that they had the best lobster thermidor in New Orleans.  The food was amazing - the lobster was a bit rich for me even knowing it was supposed to be rich.  But I had already had their steak tartare and French onion soup - both were amazing.  The steak tartare might have been the best I have ever had outside of a high need place in Paris - so even if the lobster wasn't perfect it was worth the trip purely for the steak tartare.  My date had the duck l'orange and from the couple bites I had it was very well cooked as well.  Overall a great spot in the French Quarter.This place is one of my favorite places to have lunch in the French Quarter.  Why?  Because you can wear shorts in the bar, and dine from the Galatoires restaurant menu next door!  The crabmeat Maison appetizer is phenomenal, and I have recently discovered the seafood stuffed eggplant entree which will change your mind about eggplant if you don't care much for eggplant.  It is sublime.  The bread served with the meal is always superlative, as well as the service.  If you want a memorable lunch in the Quarter, and you are casually dressed, nothing tops this place!  And it is never crowded for lunch.  Highly recommended.We started our progressive dinner through the French Quarter here. Their crab cake was by far our favorite meal of the night. Fresh, fresh, fresh! Almost no binder, just all crab. The shrimp cocktail with the fantastic remoulade was also yummy. We went in on Saturday night at 6 and sat at the bar immediately.The Crabcake was the bomb. My bf steak was totally undercooked. He asked for medium rare and it was rare. I asked for medium well and it came out a liitle too red also. The Potatos Au Gratin were not seasoned and I've had much better. It was ok overall.First time here. Bar and dining area are nicely-decorated and rich in appearance. Staff were attentive and service was very good. My 7-ounce filet was cooked perfectly (med. rare) and delicious. Also had two sides: Creamed spinach, and sauteed mushrooms, the latter of which was an excellent dish. My wife's grilled lemon fish, however, was a disappointment: Served luke warm, not properly cooked, a little "fishy," and complete with bones. She could not finish it. As a courtesy, we mentioned this to the server, thinking the cook might want to know. Our meal, with two glasses of wine, was around $120 with tip. We'll go back, but won't order fish again.Came here last night with some friends.  Had the crab cake.  Excellent, but honestly, I prefer the crabmeat Maison.  Will get that next time as it is an all-time fave for me.  I had the lamb chops which Tom Fitzmorris recommends. They were probably the best lamb chops I have had in my life, and I have eaten them a lot. The horseradish cream sauce did not really add much, get the bernaise next time.  Got the crabmeat au gratin as a side, but I will get something else next time.  Server recommended a fantastic cabernet sauvingnon.  Foley. Outstanding.  Fantastic service and meal for an out of town (and country) guest.  This was my first time at 33, while I have been many times at the original Galatoires.  Fantastic for when you just don't want to wear a jacket.  Highly recommended.Amazing steak! We had the filet, ribeye, and veal chop. Filet and ribeyes were cooked perfectly, ribeye was a little too salty especially if you got a sauce with it, but the filet was perfect. Veal was very undercooked, we ordered medium rare and it was still raw, they tried to cook it up but it ended up tasting burnt- the service was excellent and they ended up taking this off the bill. Waiter had great wine and food recommendations. Great dirty martini to start with as well. Sides were delicious we ordered sautéed spinach, mushrooms, and the crispy potatoes. I honestly couldn't believe we were still on bourbon street, the ambiance was intimate and service was great! 100% recommend!Great old fashioned in an upscale atmosphere located on Bourbon street right next to the famed Galatoires. Drinks are somewhat expensive for NOLA standards, but were stiff and solid.Phenomenal! Best crab cakes I have ever had. The red fish was cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Great experience.I had been to the original Galatoire's next door many years ago, which is known for their seafood. Galatoire's 33 is their steakhouse. They do have a business casual dress code to help keep it respectable while in their dining room. 
The menu is a la carte and you can expect to be in the $50-$60 per plate range for a complete meal.
The crab cake gets 10 stars. The best ever. I think the secret is the Pontchartrain blue crab but you can decide for yourself.
A pair of 7 oz fillets were perfectly broiled. We had the spinach au gratin and garlic brabant potatoes to compliment and it was all delicious.
Our server, Michael, was knowledgeable and attentive.
No room for dessert on this evening so we paid our bill.
Finally, This observation in no way is meant to keep you from experiencing the fine dining at Galatoire's. But the contrast of a quiet dining room and the total debauchery of Bourbon Street on the other side of the front door was amusing. Welcome to Nawlin's!Really wanted to like this place, but it was not good. Our last night here and wanted a steak. The food was mediocre at best. Have had better steak at Outback. First course assorted oysters-not cooked, lukewarm. Husband's lobster salad good. NY Strip was flavorless and tough. Duchess potato weird almost charred taste. Broccoli and sauces cold. Saving grace was the desserts, best part of the meal. Fortunately manager comped us half price otherwise would have been really upset. Ashton the wait "help" was the most deserving part of the ordeal. Won't go back.We were sent her by our Guide, Lofton.He wasn't wrong when he said order the crab cakes. Delicious. The main dining room was hosting a dinner for a carnival ball but this was perfect. Dude did sides, We ordered a couple crab cakes  and a couple cocktails. Highly recommend!This is a terrific restaurant. We had Sazerac to drink. My girlfriend had redfish over crabmeat & she really enjoyed it. I had a filet on the bone cooked medium rare . One of the best steaks that I've ever had. This is a great place to go for a special occasion. You will really enjoy it!Super yummy!!!! Loved the ambience! Great place for a romantic dinner or for a group of friends to get together.
Staff is friendly and the wine list is amazing!
Heads up: dressed code.... Men are required to at least have a collard shirt with pants.  No shorts permitted.We ate at Galatoire's 33 Bar and Steak while visiting NOLA for a St Patrick's Day.  It's connected to Galatoire's, but it's a separate, more casual restaurant.  We were seated on a Friday afternoon which I highly recommend.  The place is hopping, and the atmosphere is exciting.  The professionals of NOLA flock here on a Friday after a hard week so it's loud, crowded and serving up delicious food.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDI have eaten there twice this trip. While a frequent diner at the mothership next door this was the first time to try this venue. 
As a solo diner this trip I found it to be excellent in every respect. Food and service. Never got the feeling as I sometimes do as a solo diner that no one is really happy to serve one person 
Standouts-onion soup, steak, any of the gratinee sides and most impressive is the classic presentation of Lobster Thermidor which is rarely seen on menus these days.I have been coming to the original Galatoire's for years but this was my first time to the other side. As the bar opens before the original dining room for lunch, we grabbed a mimosa before our reservation. As I expected from such an establishment, the service was friendly and attentive and our mimosas were delicious. I am looking forward to trying the steak at this side the next time I'm in town.Stellar service, excellent food (truly top notch steaks and fries).    NOT a tourist trap despite the location on Bourbon Street).  Look forward to going back.Two words: Crab cakes 
Please. Do yourself a favor and eat these. The cauliflower au gratin is phenomenal. The redfish was devine. The ice cream sundae ended this meal with a bang. 
10/10 would recommend. Will eat again.The GF and I stopped by G 33 to see how the burger was. I think it is listed in Eater or some other publication as one of the 10 best burgers in the city. It's actually pretty good. It's a house blend and grind of shortrib and sirloin (I think) served on a toasted and tasty brioche bun. It is also dressed with a pickled slaw with basil and tarragon which was excellent. It comes with a side of homemade gaufrette potatoes, really chips which were ok not awesome. The bottom line is the burger is good but a little dry, not the best in town, but a steal at $13 especially considering what you pay at Atomic burger, Mooyah, or any of the new fast food burger places.I first tried this place for dinner for a Reveillon dinner this past Christmas.  I was very happy with the whole meal, and in typical Galatoire's fashion, the service was impeccable.   I've been in several times to just have drinks at the bar. It's a very nice bar and the bar menu has some good choices as well.I was walking around the French Quarter thursday morning,  enjoying my vacation and I  heard  really good reviews about this restaurant, I was in the company of my inseparable girlfriend lol, we have never been in New Orleans. We got to this place approximately around 1130 in the morning, they were just opening the place. There were two waiters  standing outside the restaurant, their work uniform was very nice and classy, and It hit me right away, oh God!! , DRESS CODE! " one  of the waiters was super nice...( I wish I knew his name) he walked us over to the bar and explain that the restaurant had a dress code, and that it was the same menu in kitchen, we quickly apologized and we explained we were not from New Orleans, we were planning to come back dressed up anyway if that was the case.  To be honest it was a very nice place and I felt underdressed and embarrassed, we just did not know.  But between the bartender and the nice waiter made us feel comfortable enough to stay .We ordered two seafood okra gumbo, our first time trying Gumbo IT WAS JUST THE BEST GUMBO!!!!!!!!Not salty, not too creamy, ( now I can tell the difference compare to others) and we ordered the GALATOIRE GOUTE,  oh boy... DELICIOUS!! crab and shrimp,new spices to my palate,  it was worth the staying , I cant thank those two guys enough, a lesson learned to check for a dress code next time when  in New Orleans!! Very nice and pretty restaurant and the most important Good food!!!We did not have  a reservation and some of us were wearing shorts. We did not realize they had a dress code. They accommodated us regardless. The food was outstanding and the service was as well. Amazing place. Will definitely return!My husband and I visited New Orleans over New Years. I did a lot of research to find a great restaurant (without a pre fixed menu) for an upscale NYE dinner. We landed on Galatorie's 33. I was slightly skeptical because it's right on Bourbon St. Don'l let this deter you. Wow, just wow! It was a great experience from start to finish! Our waiter was very nice and accommodating. We skipped the appetizers because we didn't want to be overly full for the rest of our NYE celebration. I ordered the Filet Mignon and my husband ordered a ribeye and we shared the potatoes au gratin. It was the BEST filet I've ever had. Hands down. It was so flavorful cooked a perfect medium rare with a crispy sear! I don't say this lightly because I have had my fair share of steaks at various 5 star steak houses. This beats them all! My husband agreed- best steak ever. The potatoes au gratin were delicious too! I'm a little disappointed we didn't have a dessert and appetizer. We definitely will next time! Don't miss this place!!! Also, we happened to run into our server a few days later walking around NOLA. He recognized us and chatted for a few mins and suggested a few things for us to do! Such a nice guy, I wish I could remember his name.I went here with a couple of friends on a Sunday and they happened to be doing a fried chicken and champagne brunch. The champagne flowed endlessly and that was the best part of the experience. The brunch consisted of all you can eat fried chicken and the sides were as follows: corn, greens, cornbread, Mac & cheese, and Cole slaw. None of the food was impressive. The chicken was fine and seasoned okay but I've had better from gas stations. The sides were all meh. The best was probably the macaroni and cheese. The Cole slaw needed a hint of sweetness. The brunch costs $65 so I tried to drink $65 worth of champagne. I rode the streetcar down so why not =). Unfortunately, not long after we sat down at our table, the electricity went out and stayed out for the duration of our meal. They lit candles for each table but it was still very dark (which is why I don't have pictures because I didn't want to be that guy with their flash on in the dark restaurant). Also, no A/C in AUGUST. While it was not their fault, no one said, "sorry about this folks" or anything. Also, my waiter spilled a glass of champagne down my back and did not apologize for that either. He only got me some napkins and went on his merry way. Maybe I just had an usually bad experience but I don't think I'll return to find out if it's any better.It is with great pleasure that I write this review. 
I have lived in Louisiana my whole life as a descendent of multiple generations. As a young child I visited every great restaurant in New Orleans. I am now 50 years old. 
What a beautiful surprise to enjoy this amazing restaurant. Every dish is perfect. Punctuated by attentive service and a beautiful restaurant.
I highly recommend this elegant establishment as it is the reason that people come from far and near to enjoy the eccentric and excellent cuisine of New OrleansCame for Thanksgiving. Family style portions are a bit too small.  Food was lukewarm.  Service was great.  Setting is nice.  Expected more attention to food quantity and temperature given the price point.Lobster Thermidor - poor service= doubt we will come back
Planned a trip here for a month with my mom.  She was craving lobster Thermidor and their $52 dish was on our must do holiday list.  My boyfriend and I are vegetarians and we knew there was just really nothing we could eat.  We asked if they could make anything vegetarian but the waitress just said sides.  We were fine with that as we expected it.
The lobster Thermidor was great apparently so the trip was worth it in that sense.  But after our food was served we waited an hour for a cheese plate and our check.  The service was non existent at that point and the whole table was annoyed.  The cheese plate we waited an hour for was 4 bites of cheese with no crackers or bread.  Doubt we will come back.It is such a rare experience that $400 meal was a great value but I really think this place exceeded my expectations. The cocktails were very good (I had my sazerac on the rocks). It was the best crab cake I can remember having with 96% crabmeat. The lobster Thermidor was worth the $54. The ribeye and filet were probably the best I can also remember having. Probably the most tender steaks ever. The wet age (not dry) their beef 28 days and supposedly source it from a particular family. Chicory coffee and sambuca (3 beans) were as expected. The service from the waterboy to the busboy to the manager to our waiter was stellar. As you can tell our server was fantastically informative and deserved every bit of his $68 tip. My only regret is I didn't try to bisque.First of all, I meant to pick Galatoire's next door which had a more extensive menu. So I tried to pick similar items on the  menu or at least something we've never had.
The appetizers we got were disappointing. We chose the Goute 33 and turtle soup to start with. Only the egg with caviar was good. The turtle soup was salty and as an introduction to turtle soup, I wouldn't order it again. 
The entrees at least were fantastic. I enjoyed the boudin stuffed quail and my husband loved his gulf fish. I tried the fish and it was cooked perfectly. While I've had quail eggs, i've never had quail or boudin before, so this was a good introduction and I would try it again.
The service was excellent and our bus boy was fantastic and on top of it throughout. The server was also very professional. Overall it was a good dining experience, but I'm curious as to how other places are like.
Also, there's supposed to be a dress code but it wasn't really followed. The crowd seemed pretty young and looked like people were celebrating something. The front bar looked more fun and not as uptight. I'd rather hang out there instead to be honest.We each had the filet and it was cooked perfectly!  The steaks had a crust that was delish. No dipping sauce needed even though they offered different gourmet sauces. The crab cake is a must have!Pop in at 11:00 am while you wait for Galatoire's to open at 11:30am. Nothing special, but no complaints, either. Bar Service was decent.The food, the service, everything was 5 star.   Aside from that, what I loved about it was that the place was filled with locals, in a touristy spot which would typically be good reason for locals not to come.  It's that good!  You will definitely enjoy.Now thats what Im talking about.  Beautifully appointed wine list, fantastic service and food that melts in your mouth.  The steak was cooked to perfection, apps were divine!!  Desserts that are outrageously good!!  can't wait for my next NOLA trip to eat here again.The "33" Burger was amazing, the lobster thermidor was not what was expected and way more money than what we expected ($63), basically just lobster topped with cheese, and the steak flatbread was too cheesy. It has a very nice atmosphere, a quiet place but still on bourbon street, and the staff was very friendly. I guess you just have to order smart. Overall a nice place with pretty good food.One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Its shocking that this place can be so good, located on a street that is so grimey. Its truly a diamond in the rough.
I had the ribeye, which I asked for them to do au poivre, minus the cream - and they politely obliged. It was outrageous; this was one of the best steaks I've ever had, and quite honestly I am a steak snob. My buddy had his cajun style, and we swapped bites.... another home run.
The star of the show might have been our "side". We ordered the lobster thermidor to split "on the side" of our steaks - talk about fat kids. Anyway, this thing was insane. This old school dish simply isnt done very often anymore, and this take was as classic as could be. Utterly perfect.
Service here was absolutely top notch, very throwback (if you will).
I will never go to New Orleans without eat here, for the rest of my life.Outstanding night at the Yelp Elite Event. It was great to get to mingle with a lot of the yelpers I see leaving reviews to some of the places I frequent. Can't wait for the next event and to check out the rest of the menu here. We had crab cakes that were absolutely perfect and the complementary wine made the conversations flow. Can't wait for the next event.Everything exceeded our expectations from beginning to end!  Tonight was our anniversary and I decided to treat me wife to Galatoire's 33 as we had not eaten there before.  We arrived early for our reservation so that we could enjoy a specialty cocktail before dinner.  The very cute and bubbly bartender, Casey, crafted absolutely delicious adult beverages to help us celebrate and we very much enjoyed the upscale feel of the front bar.  Upon entering the main dining area, we were introduced to our server, Jason, who greeted and informed us of a couple off menu specials.  Because it was a special occasion, we decided to order almost everything and sample as much as possible, taking leftovers home for future snacking! The highlights from the appetizer round were the smoked trout deviled eggs, and the crab cake.  We have enjoyed crab cakes from literally all over the world and this was, hands down, the best we have ever had.   For entrees, I had the boudin stuffed quail and she had the 7oz. Filet.  Both cooked and seasoned perfectly - I would not change a thing.  Desserts were equally as impressive and we had both the espresso torte and the profiteroles.  This was, by far, one of the best meals we have had in years.  Food was excellent, Service was impeccable and the ambiance does not disappoint.  Do yourself a favor and try Galatoire's 33 as soon as you can!We had been in New Orleans for six days and did four days of jazz fest. We cleary saved the best steak for the last night. Galatoire's brought us  a great steak, and some good Frank family red cab. Service was top notch and Michael did a fabulous job can't wait to come see you guys again.So damn delicious. We were looking for wonderful food in a relaxed environment. Awe man. Jason and Ryan were wonderful.Oh my!  Upon the recommendation of the Ritz Carlton -- where my Houston friend was staying -- not me! I could never afford it.  But I digress...
We came here for dinner last Thursday.  While you can make a reservation, you are better off taking your chances and going as a walk in since reservations are seated upstairs and we were told it was better downstairs.
Because this is New Orleans, we took our wine from the Ritz Carlton chi-chi lounge in a to-go cup and the staff at Galatoire's didn't bat an eye.  Not wanting to be tacky, we both did order another glass of wine from the restaurant with our meal :-)
We shared the lump crab cake...and it was To. Die. For. Then we ordered the local fish and the mashed potatoes to share.  For dessert, we ordered the chocolate creme brulee.  As we waddled out of Galatoire's, I was a happy camper.Appetizer- Crab cake, delicious- had plenty of fresh crab meat & tastee bread drums on top.
Soup- Onion soup, not good, very salty
Entree- 5oz petite Steak, delicious done perfect
Sides- Dutchess potatoes, creamed spinach, mushrooms, all delicious.
Coffee- I'm from New Orleans & drink Coffee with chicory. Coffee was extremely Strong.
Service- was outstanding, staff & waiter we're great.
Ambience- fantastic 
Rating- it was good, couple of things management needs to look into. I would definitely come back.Had crab cake for appetizer, caeser salad, filet mignon and potatoes.  The meal was outstanding and the service was great.  I would definitely go back.My husband and I visited Steak 33 and had a remarkable time. My husband really likes steaks, so I thought this would be the perfect place for our date night. First things first,we selected and enjoyed the sparkling wine. For appetizers, we chose the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake and Baked Oysters. Both were delicious, but I really enjoyed the crab cake. Remember, MAMA LOUISIANA!!! My husband got the Filet Steak. He was highly impressed with the quality. He says it was one of the best steaks in the city. I chose the poultry, which was the Daily Fish. I have photos below of the (seasoned to perfection) fish. I love, love, love the sauce on the fish. For sides, we got potatoes au grautins and creamed spinach. Even though I am a foodie, I still like to incorporate veggies when I can. The Au Gratin menu at Steak 33 is pretty extensive. You can get anything Au Gratin from Spinach, Cauliflower, Potatoes, Peas, Crabmeat, Lobster and Broccoli. We topped off our date night with a Rum Rasin bread pudding. That was just the 'creme De La creme'.  Magnificent!! 
​
The restaurant is located on Bourbon Street. Perfect for getting out there then grabbing a good dinner to soak up all of the drinks! The waiters were extremely helpful and accommodating to us. We will be back for the Fried Chicken Brunch in September.If youre expecting the galatoires experience - move on. Food was mediocre steak house fare.  Service was painfully slow.  Four people service was 2 hours 15 minutes and restaurant was 1/2 full.  Veal chop was poor quality. Fish was over cooked.  Really disappointing.Ate at the bar great sazeracs. Bar fries were also great. However the lobester roll was stuffed with massive chunks of lobster. Both tail meat and claw. Would i go back yes. Do i plan on going back yes aagain. Brian the server was amazing a real class act. Great food great staff clean lavatory. If your on burbon do your self a favor and get you a lobster roll and a sazerac and ask for brian.The tuna and quail dishes were very good. The service was just okay, but not as great as I would have expected for the price we paid. Perhaps I'm just spoiled from the delicious meals I get all the time in Indianapolis. Unfortunately, I cannot excitedly recommend this restaurant.Went in with high expectations, ended with disappointment. The price doesn't match the taste. Sure most of the dishes are "good", but nothing spectacular.
Service was slow, notable staff like Demond were very attentive and helped us out quite a bit however.
Ambience was fantastic, intimate, good lighting, great setting.
Starter bread is bland and needed to be coated with butter for any taste, but we were hungry and waiting so we'd ordered some more.
We'd ordered a buffet fit for a king for the 6 of us, so we can go down quite a large list.
Yellowfin Tuna was decent, but dry and a bit salty.
Duchess potatoes were rubbish, super bland, nothing could save it from being half-decent.
Deviled eggs were good, topped with caviar giving it a nice finish.
Crab cakes were absolutely fantastic and the best I'd ever had, crisp on the top and soft and tender for everything underneath. This place could just replace their whole menu with crab cakes and I'm sure it would do fine.
Cauliflower au gratin (I think) was good, not great. Decent flavor, nothing special as was the case with the lobster au gratin, green bean au gratin.
Brother says his duck was just mediocre, nothing eye popping about it or anything that stood out.
Sister enjoyed her bone marrow quite a bit.
Diced potatoes were very crisp and very flavorful, loved them.
Dessert was weird, just off flavors that didn't quite make sense to me. It was a chocolate dish with ice cream on the side, but the side of ice cream was very flavorful.
So it's a really odd place. It's a mixture of some hit, but a lot of miss or truly mediocre dishes. I would come here again solely for the crab cakes and wouldn't be this unforgiving typically for a restaurant, but based on the service time, the price point, and expectations, I believe I'm being fair.This is Galatoire's steakhouse, which is just as exceptional as the original restaurant. (It's literally next.)
The food quality and service are on par with the original Galatoires.
Wine list is extensive so no worries there either.In a city of superb restaurants, this exceeded my expectations!  Convivial, unaffected bistro atmosphere.  Sashay through the old world woody, brassy, forest green in a contemporary fashion and you will look and feel like a movie star!   The steak I had was one of the best I've ever had,marinated in what I'm guessing was butter and parsley, then grilled to perfection.  Service was prompt and attentive without being fussy or obsequious.  I had a smokey Malbec with dinner, and a smooth, tasty cocktail for beginners.  Cozy, old-world bar vContrasts with the Bourbon a Street mosh-pit outside.  Worth a stop in itself.  For food, service and atmosphere, I can't imagine a better dining experience...unless...it was located on the Italian Amalphi coast with the Mediterranean waves sighing on the beach...but close...  Galatois has knocked the restaurant ball out of the park!  We spent $130 for two, an excellent value for a world-class experience!Excellent food.  The only place in New Orleans that offers Lobster Thermidor, the reason I go there.From service to food it was an excellent night! Our server was so attentive and even made me feel special when celebrating my husband's birthday by bringing me a "mocktail" while I was 33 weeks pregnant! It was thoughtful and definitely one of the reason we will be back to celebrate more occasions here.So much amazing here. Locals favorite spot and well with it! The atmosphere was light and elegant.Galatoire's 33 isn't as hoity-toity is its parent Galatoire's, but you'll find that both the level of service and the quality of the food is just as incredible.
Here, they focus on steaks; order one and you'll find it flavorful, tender, and cooked exactly as per your specification.
Last time we dined here, the starters we ordered were the Oysters Casino and the Escargot Herbsaint Cream, with a delicious, chilled glass of champagne to help them go down.  The entrées we chose were the bone-in special Filet and the Ribeye; we requested and received them both cooked medium rare.  Our steaks were seasoned to perfection and totally delicious.
For dessert with shared the Chocolate Malt cake with homemade marshmallows and the Cheesecake Brûlée with white balsamic strawberries.  The perfect end to a fabulous meal, our desserts left us so full we considered simply relocating to the restaurant rather than getting up and walking to our car ;-)
Tip: All the food here is excellent, but if you're only going to order one thing I strongly advise that it be their Ribeye!Great meal and service! Go try this place  and support local restaurants....crab cake to die for, french onion soup was great as well. Order the Brabant potatoes and spinach au gratin with a filet and you won't be disappointed !We booked a table of four for Reveillon. After researching all the menus available for 2017, we selected this restaurant. Now, we all know Galatoire's has a lofty rep, and they have a loyal clientele. Knowing that and being arrogant about are two different things. Sadly, this place seems to prefer the latter approach.
Our visit started out great, with the exception that our super-gregarious server decided to describe EVERY item on the menu. Slight overkill. Cocktails were nice & came out promptly (faster if he would have taken that order before the Discovery Channel documentary on the menu).
Shrimp Risotto for the first course was delightful - though one member of the party found it too salty. I thought it was near perfect, and the risotto itself was as pure white as I have ever seen. We split the second course between the gumbo and the turtle soup. I think the soup was the winner here. The gumbo did not impress me. I found it thin and weak, but the turtle soup was deep and rich.
We also split our choices for the entree - Filet and Broiled Drum. Let's just say the Filet was perfect. I selected the Drum, which was served, skinless (was it really Drum?) on a cold bed of creamed spinach. The fish itself was properly cooked, if uninspired. There was a third, unselected option - pork roast. 
Finally we came to dessert. Three of our party selected the chocolate Creme Brulee. It was nice, but again, uninspired. I think it's hard to get a proper crust on a chocolate Creme Brulee because you can't see the color change. I, on the other hand, order the "Sweet Potato 'HOT' Pie." I received what appeared to be a Hibuig's Pie, sans icing, with a tiny scoop of vanilla & a drizzle of caramel. Like, this came straight out of Season One of Treme. The filling was flavorless & the consistency of baby food.
I attempted to speak to the manager on the way out regarding the dessert & he clearly did not care. Literally, he simply shrugged when I told him they insulted ,me with the desert. Yupp, when you think yourself a legend, arrogance is an easy response.Celebrated my 30th birthday with some of my closest friends. The staff was so friendly, wine was amazing, and food was delicious. With all the craziness that bourbon street brings Galatoire's surprisingly keeps its composure and provides the level of class & style you would expect from a restaurant with the kind of menu and ambiance they have. Loved having a nice dinner and great conversation. It made turning the night up on bourbon street even more fun!! 100% recommend.
I got the duck a'lorange  Everyone enjoyed what they got!Enjoyed my experience here. The service was excellent and I liked all the little touches and attention to detail, made you feel nice and special. The bread was warm and butter soft (not cold hard like other places). I recommend the turtle soup and the grilled fish special, well done!Great service, only stopped for a quick drink and a snack.  Fries were great, ordered a 2nd order of them.We were sent her by our Guide, Lofton.He wasn't wrong when he said order the crab cakes. Delicious. The main dining room was hosting a dinner for a carnival ball but this was perfect. Dude did sides, We ordered a couple crab cakes  and a couple cocktails. Highly reccomend!The Cowboy steak and the crab cakes hand down THE BEST. This place reminds me of an upscale restaurant in Washington, D.C. The drink selection was excellent. Highly recommend.My partner and I went for the Coolinary dinner yesterday and it was amazing from start to finish.  We both got cocktails, the French 33 and the Flower Child, which were perfect.
We started with half and half of the baked oysters casino and rockefeller on the regular menu. Seriously incredible.
For the coolinary menu, we did the sausage stuffed mushrooms and the watermelon arugula salad.  Both were super delicious and flavorful.
We both ended up getting the prime NY strip as our main and we are happy we did.  The crispy potatoes were heaven as was the asparagus. 
For dessert I got the vanilla sundae and my partner got the raisin rum bread pudding.  We both loved ours.
The service was also spot on.  We never had an empty bread plate or empty water glasses.
This place definitely goes on our top 5 list of places we've eaten since moving here.  Can't wait to go back.Came here for lunch at the bar on Saturday.   Had some faves from next door:  oyster Rockefeller and crabmeat Maison. Delicious. Did not try the steak. Recommended.Newer steak arm of the classic was alright.
Food: 3.5, Atmosphere: 3.5 Service: 3.5
Cost to worth it rating: 3 (rib eye steak $44, fish $29, sides $8)
Return worthiness: no
Highlights:
- Professional waiters
- Nice dining room
- Expansive wine list
- Potatoes au gratin: ramekin appropriately covered in baked melted cheese. 4 stars
Midlights:
- Chocolate creme brûlée: good flavor and topped with nuts but didn't care for the cold version. 3.5 stars  
- Turtle soup: ok version. 3.5 stars
Lowlights:
- Rib eye steak just ok for being a specialty. 3 stars 
- Local fish: also just ok. 3 stars
- Out of lobster on NYE and our reservation wasn't a late one
Expected a bit more from the food. It was fine and not bad but in Nola the bar is high as the meals here are often outstanding.First time to 33 . I have dined at Galatoire's numerous times and this is just as good just a little different menu . The drinks at the bar were poured like they should be ! Great service and a great atmosphere . Crab cakes was spot on . No filler here !THAT'S ONE GORY VICHYSSOISE (YIKES)!
Beware: my photo is disturbingly gruesome. While I respect culinary virtuosity, Galatoire's 33's decision to bloody this French classic with a scarlet draw of paprika oil was both macabre and unnecessary. It did nothing to heighten the delicate flavors of leek, carrot and stock.
CASINO BECHAMEL = BACON+TRINITY+TABASCO!
an outstanding preparation atop a generous portion of blackened drum (pic). When G33 doesn't get trendy and sticks to the traditional mainstays they excel. But ill-havoc reigns whenever one of our few revered Creole institutions slues off course, arrogantly dabbling with say some probiotic basashi gumbo or an "Inuit fusion" bonne femme.
(N.B. HELEN CORBITT'S RECIPE:
To my family there is no better benchmark vichyssoise than her circa 1950s renown delicacy that for decades was a signature dish at Neiman Marcus's Zodiac Room. But instead of garnishing it from a slit pig's dripping gut, we simply add a touch of nutmeg to the heavy cream base.)
Google it, make it, schedule liposuction.Tried to go to Galatoire's, but the gentleman in our group didn't have a jacket, so they ushered us next door to 33 Bar & Steak. Honestly, it was a nicer atmosphere. The regular restaurant is extremely bright and almost looks like an ice cream parlor compared to the warmer, dimmer steak house next door. 
We only ordered drinks and a few dishes to share, as we had spent all day eating at different spots. 
The server was kind enough to mention that any of the entrées could be ordered as half portions, so we ordered the shrimp ettouffé and the crabmeat ravigote. Warm French bread was served with the entrées and I'm glad for that, because the crab was more of a dip than an entrée. Picture a mound of crab meat in Alfredo sauce... it was delicious, but lacking in any variation in texture, so it would be WAY too much if that's all you ordered. As a half portion, eaten with bread, split between 3 people, we loved it, but still couldn't finish it. The ettouffé was good, but nothing special. We also ordered the Tabasco Brussels sprouts, which were delicious! They are fried crispy with capers and a spicy, sweet sauce. 
Extensive cocktail and wine menu, which we enjoyed. 
The service was friendly and informative. He happily sat us at the table closest to the window for optimal people watching and gave great menu recommendations.This is my favorite steakhouse.  Three of us dined last night. We started with the appetizer special, lobster tortellini, then shared a t bone for 2, Brabant potatoes and Brussel sprouts.  Our waiter John Henry was great.  The service and the ambiance cannot be beat.  It is awesome singing happy birthday with the entire dining room when they bring a dessert to a guest.Walked in on a Sunday night and sat at the bar. Bartender was friendly and attentive- helpful with menu suggestions and drink choices. 
Ordered the crab cakes on recommendation and a glass of wine. When the crab cakes came they were served in a mayonnaise as Dijon mustard sauce. Upon first bite I bit into a shell which was less than desirable. The dish was also far too salty to be pleasant to eat and lacked acid. The room temperature crab was also off putting when it should have either been warm or cold. 
I decided to order a steak in its place- which was probably a mistake being in New Orleans since they aren't known for seafood. The steak was cooked to temperature but the potatoes I ordered were served burnt (with a black crust- and wouldn't even relent to a knife) and the green been were slick with oil and over-salted. 
They offered to replace the brunt potatoes but then brought out potatoes agratin that weren't actually cooked through and were cold in the middle. At this point I just was ready to leave. 
Overall, an incredibly disappointing meal and I wouldn't recommend to anyone. I wish a place with all the history was able to produce a quality meal for the price.Reserve ASAP! We were really looking forward to dining here but waited till the week we were visiting & nothing was available.My wife and I Galatoire's 33 for my birthday/our anniversary. It was our first time trying this restaurant. We were recommended by the concierge of the hotel we were staying at (Windsor Court New Orleans). What an excellent suggestion it was. All of the staff was great. Very polite and professional. The atmosphere couldn't have been better( very romantic) We ordered the ribeye for two, au gratin potatoes, and Brussel sprouts. This meal was in the top five best meals we've ever shared. We will definitely make this place one of our go to's when we're visiting NOLA. Loved it!!I really don't know what could have made our experience at Galatoire's 33 any better. From the moment the waitstaff introduced themselves, we knew we were in for a special evening. 
We were a group of 12 in town celebrating a bachelorette party and I had been corresponding with Billie and Kelsey from reservations about booking a private room for our event - they were so courteous and responsive. We ultimately decided against it, but for a party of 12 the minimum spend would have been $1000 before tax and gratuity, which we really didn't think was bad.
The waiters explained the menu in detail, and answered any questions we had. We started off with two bottles of Veuve Clicquot Rose, and for the type of restaurant, I believe the price was fair (somewhere around $160 a bottle from what I recall) 
The table ordered a ton of different things, but I can only speak for what I tried and I STILL cant stop speaking about them! 
Tried:
Steak Tartar $15.00 - The absolute best I have had...in life. I kid you not. I order this whenever I see it on a menu, and boy was this one delicious. We finished every single bite, and could have probably licked the plate clean. 
Turtle Soup $9.00 - The bachelorette and I knew coming to NOLA that we wanted to try Turtle Soup. It was hearty and delicious - the compete opposite of what I was expecting. It was almost a lighter version of a beef stew. 
2 LB Steamed Lobster $59.00 -  This was my entrée and I am so SO glad it was! It was steamed perfectly, juicy meat - and cracked and opened up so I didn't have to worry about making a mess. 
Gulf Fish with Crabmeat Meuniere $36.00 - This fish was a bit crispier than I had expected, but delicious and light none the less. The crab meat topping was amazing. 
The waiter made an announcement honoring the bachelorette, and asking the room for a cheers to her which was amazing. Bourbon street is not for the timid, but Galatoires 33 was an amazing seclusion from it all.The steaks were incredible. The sides, not so much. Service was a little off. 4 of us, three hours for dinner. It was very slow. We had an issue with the dress code, i called ahead of time and was told casual, when we arrived they didnt want to seat us, because then men didnt have collared shirts. Thankfully the manager helped us out as a courtesy. Location, Ambience, and Steaks were awesome!Walked in on a Sunday afternoon, empty bar. Service was impeccable, I asked for a sangria although it wasn't on the menu the bartender made me one! And she also recommended the Sautéed redfish with crabmeat Yvonne. Great meal! Highly recommended.Loved it. Ribeye was cooked perfectly.  Au gratin lobster was wonderful. Outstanding service.  Will ask for one of Jason's tables next time we go.First time visit. Food was good but not exceptional. Went with a group of coworkers & shared many sides. My selections of french onion soup & crab meat au gratin were tasty. The steaks were very good-per my friends. The service was as expected for a pricy restaurant. An overall good experience for the atmosphere of Bourbon St.Fckn fantastic!!!
Let's begin with the CRAB CAKE!!! Mandatory...
I've eaten seafood all my life but this was the BEST damn crab cake I ever had.. full of lump jumbo crab with light breading, with a lil sauce.. yelp reviews don't compare to the real thing!
2nd.. the ribeye!! Cooked to perfection, juicy, tender, all I wanted it to be.
Staff was exceptional, I probably spoke to most who worked there. Everyone made sure I was enjoying my meal.
When u visit New Orleans, come here!!My experience at Galatoire's was mixed. The service was passable, nothing special. Everything felt a bit rushed, in fact. The food, which is what I really came for, was lackluster. The house salad arrived looking like it's been through a hurricane, or someone simply plopped everything on the plate and hoped for the best. Taste-wise, I also wouldn't call it a winner. Then came the Bouillabaisse, which I had higher hopes for, this being New Orleans. Again, the presentation fails. The taste was okay, but the broth was too thick, like someone added breadcrumbs. The seafood ingredients (mostly shrimp and some fish) were all smothered in this thick broth, so it was heard to tell exactly what I was eating. Finally, I ordered the bread pudding, which came looking very much like the Bouillabaisse.The crab cake is a work of art! There's only a sprinkle of breadcrumbs on top and it's perfectly seasoned. Follow that with the Lobster Thermidor and you can't lose..I stayed in NOLA a week, this is my 3rd five star review in that time. 
It started with the bread really. It was a wonderfully fresh loaf and the whipped butter whipped me into a mood for some good food. 
Next was these french fries that were air blown into these air filled potatoes. Potato blimps. I don't know the name as they were passed to me, but dang they were good. Ask the staff for air potatoes, I'm sure they'll know.
My iceberg wedge was very good.
Au gratin potatoes---------WOW
Spinach was good, you are never getting a WOW for spinach, but it was good. 
Then my steak. I ordered the 16oz Ribeye. WOW  I place this steak in my top five all time. I seriously was eating long after everyone was finished. I ate that steak so slowly, as if it were my last meal. Every bit of this steak was a bit of heaven floating into my mouth and there was no way I was wolfing it down. 
I then had the end table pass down the remaining Au Gratins and just savored.  Ahhhh.
My coworkers ordered the lamb chop and had the same descriptions.  Enjoy, this place is real.It does not get better than this and these people. I was honored to attend a rehearsal supper at Galatoire's on Fri 10/20. 
The people working there just PUT up with our confusion. The height of professionalism.
These amazing servers also were SO very professional, even when we dropped our etiquette.
The Oysters Rockefeller was to die for, turtle soup was unusual but SO tasty. And my filet? Cooked perfectly. And whomever was cooking was cooking for a huge crowd! 
The garlic potatoes were such a surprise- I just kept taking a few as they passed around the table.
Serving were mostly young people and I am so grateful you are keeping decorum, something we all need. 
Those in management or cooking- my absolute kudos to you for tolerating us and serving a beautiful dinner.  Thank you.Where do I even begin? Honestly I would be giving this a lower rating if it wasn't for our server. I called and made reservations to celebrate our recent engagement and also our anniversary! I asked for a quaint romantic table. The hostess said she could definitely make this happen and I quote "we will make your night special." I had such high hopes going into the night. Our table was in the back dining room and we were seated behind a HUGE 3 table party of 30 people, a fraternity to be exact. They were there celebrating their formal. They were so loud and obnoxious, taking away from any "romance" to be had. The food was subpar. I wasn't blown away by any means. We finally asked our server if he had been told it was our anniversary and we just got engaged. He didn't know, but he made do and brought out a free dessert and champagne toast which was a kind gesture. Again, the service was not the problem. But, I won't be back. There really isn't anything special about Galatories 33. I was really upset after my engagement dinner turned out to be so subpar and I felt second to a table of frat boys.Fantastic steak house in NOLA right off Burbon St. i had the NY strip and my wife had the ribeye. Both were cooked perfectly. Onion rings were super crispy. Highly recommend. Business casual attire.Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak was a wonderful experience. I got the ribeye with the crabmeat au gratin and she got the NY Strip with steamed broccoli. Both the crabmeat au gratin and the steamed broccoli were cooked to perfection.  My ribeye was probably the best steak I've had in years. She loved her NY Strip, as well. The portions are plentiful so we were able to take home some leftovers. The price is high however the food, The atmosphere, and service, are all worth it.   They definitely live up to their namesake.Overall, great experience. I had the strip wife had the filet. Both were seasoned and cooked perfectly. The asparagus was really good, as were the drinks we ordered. 
We tried two sauces - the bernaise and hollandaise. Both were off; it's like they were trying to be unique and in so doing, missed the mark a bit. 
Service was great.So I have to start this review by telling you about Tacy, the bartender.... Not just a bartender, but THE BARTENDER (You must use all caps). She is very knowledgeable, friendly, and talented and has a great smile. She really makes you feel comfortable and want to stay awhile with her great attitude. She is great a creating drinks that she may think you like based on your taste buds, which is never wrong.  She makes great classics to different creations, espec ially get her to make you up one of her tasty shots when you getting your night started.  My favorite cocktails at this location consist of whiskey (they have a great selection) and a simple Champagne and St Germain.   What also makes this place great as the bartender; you never know what shall happen. Once visiting, Tacy THE BARTENDER, she sung some Etta James with a piano player. She can sing her heart out! She makes me smile and just want to have a nice classy sip!
 I have tried a few of their appetizers, my favorite include their deviled egg (so divine), Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, and the baked oysters. I honestly have nothing bad to say about any of these appetizers. They were all tasty and just right.
Atmosphere is pretty upscale yet relaxed at the same time. In the bar area seems like a nice place to even enjoy some sports watching. The only downfall is the location is directly on Bourbon, but you can find street/lot parking close by so you wouldn't have to walk around the area much unless it's something you are into.Dare I say I actually enjoyed this side of Galatoire's  better than the original! Of course the original is a classic, but 33 is really rocking and refreshing! We came here before seeing a show at the Saenger and they had a great theatre pre-fixe menu. YOU MUST TRY THE CRAB CAKE!!!!! It's literally a mound of fresh crab and is one of the best I have ever had. I had the quail stuffed with boudin. It was perfect and they did not cheat me out of stuffing. Very moist. My sister had te fish which was seasoned perfectly and had a great sauce. The desserts were okay nothing to
write home about. The back waiter Jeff was more of a help then our main waiter! I don't even remember his name! And there was an older gentleman who was waiting tables too who was a great help. I will return soon to try the steaks!A bit overrated for the hype. Had the wedge salad, cold fois gras and ribeye . The rib eye was the best part of dinner. The old fashion was mediocre. Staff was great - just don't get mixed up next door or they will look at you funny! Ha!Great service. Good choice of wine. 
Bread was great. Turtle soup, a bit hung up on sherry. Lobster Thermidor sauce a little salty, as was the side of butter mushrooms. Interestingly, the creamed spinach, with the bechamel sauce needed a little more salt...I was very excited to try this place. Read some good reviews and very hungry. Just bland and boring food, no seasoning, no presentation, and over priced for what you get.So good we went twice.  Was even a recommended restaurant by our country born Uber driver.   Crab Au gratin. Brussels Sprouts. Escargot with a tarragon white wine sauce.   The secret star of the menu is the crab cake. (The only bread it is is sprinkled on top). The burrata is perfect.Appetizer... had the escargot... presented out of shell on bread with sauce... very good- just not what I was expecting. 
Steaks... AMAZING !!! Had the filet and my husband had the NY Strip... cooked to perfection !!! 
Sides... the Lyonnaise potatoes were sooooo good !
Dessert... Creme Brûlée Cheesecake... holy cow !! 
Service... ADAM  was our server.... very nice, attentive... BUT... never told us about specials! Answered questions about sides but that's it. We asked  for a wine list- was never presented with a wine list that offered full bottles... the wines by the glass from the bar menu did not offer much. Considering this is a STEAK place... I would expect more in terms of wine selection. I would have ordered a bottle of something... but that was not an option based on the wine list we were provided. Other tables had full bottles at their tables so obviously it's an option.. Their loss... 
I've dined in Galatoire's ( next door)... jackets are required there.... but dress code is much more relaxed at this restaurant... BUT the dining area has a much more upscale feel... contraindicated!!!! Crazy !!! But then again... it's NOLA !!