Friday afternoons are crazy! I saw some interesting people getting toasted. We enjoyed both the side bar (gotta get you're drink on before lunch) and lunch in the main room. Our server was awesome and made us feel at home. My first ever soft shelled crab! Too much food and wine. I feel full just thinking about it. Dress nice, bring your wallet and realize there is something to the four hour lunch.We braved Bourbon on a Friday night to return to a favorite of my partner's, Galatoire's.  I hadn't been there in years, myself.  I donned a jacket and sat down...  regarding ambience and comfort, we had excellent service overall (but had to request bread plates), but the background noise was deafening... we had to shout to each other to be heard.  
My sweetie wanted Crab Yvonne (her namesake)...  we were told that crab was "out of season" and unavailable, so we would have to substitute crawfish or shrimp. (We knew better from other area restaurants, but didn't argue.)  She went with an etouffee, it was competent but dull, not bright in its flavors or presentation. My gratinee seemed too grittily panko-ed on top. 
Her salad was likewise OK but seemed like it had been sitting for awhile.  My duck gumbo was spiced tastily but it was a small cup.  And the overwhelming noise in the first-floor main dining room impaired our enjoyment significantly.  
For the pricing and its reputation, it was an overall disappointment.  And if I ever return I will be sure to refuse a first-floor seating, only the second floor.Every year when we make our journey from LA back to Louisiana we have dinner at Galatoire's. And every year it is magic.The food is great, but the experience in toto is incomparable. From the decor to the local flavor radiating from the patrons, this restaurant is an institution. For the full experience I'd recommend spending some time at the bar upstairs before sitting down to dinner. 
If you're in NOLA from out of town some advice: By the time you get to desert, you'll know it's wrong. You'll know you've gained weight. You'll be tempted to "say no" in the interest of putting some boundaries around the forthcoming fasting period you'll have to endure once you leave the restaurant and the city. But New Orleans was not built by people who had to take off work early for Yoga. Statins will figure heavily in the future of this fine municipality. Push through. Get the desert.My visit was disappointing and I think the place is overrated.  I agree with Russ W (5/6/16)  that the service was not good--at least not from my arrogant waiter who also disappeared for 30 minutes.  Our waiter wore a republican pin on his jacket.  I'm amazed that the restaurant management allowed this!  If I have to dress up for dinner, I expect to be treated better.  Do not get the Galatoires Goute appetizer unless you like crab shells mixed in with the crab.  The incessant birthday celebrations were annoying after the 2nd time.
TIP:  Save your money and go elsewhere, like Commander's Palace or the Red Fish Grill.Nice service but really only okay food. Was expecting some good twists on classical French cooking but this really didn't deliver. Nice surroundings, good service but food that wouldn't come close  to passing muster in Paris.Great fresh fish, had the grilled red fish. The trout looked great too. Good bread and wine listohmygod is galatoire's positively divine.
but first the full disclosure:  the boy's fam are sicilians from new orleans, we cook a looooooooot of cajun/creole at home and we're pretty damn good at it...which means, of course, that we're picky.  i know:  i hate us, too.
so we've only been to galatoire's once and it was on the recommendation of a long time n.o. resident.  he said it was the best creole food in the city and i absolutely agree.  like everyone else has said in their reviews, galatoire's is an experience:  you dress for dinner (and i mean dress:  don't think you can show up without a jacket because they will politely show you the door if you lack one), the service is absolutely impeccable, the dining room is just divine and the food more than lives up to the expectation you'll have after experiencing the setting.  i still dream about the oysters rockefeller and it's the only time i've ever actually liked the turtle soup.  i can't remember what creole delight my entree was but i know it involved mudbugs and that always makes me happy.
if you're in new orleans and you're not afraid of giving the finger to emeril, go to galatoire's and know you'll have one of the best examples of regional cuisine in the entire state.  i'm jealous!A very traditional restaurant.  Another must when in New Orleans.   Food and service were excellent  very upscaleI could not be more impressed. I was eating alone, which I don't usually like to do, and I think my server sensed that I felt less than comfortable and brought me their cookbook to peruse. She recommended a fabulous dish- the sautéed crabs that were caught fresh that day and encouraged me to try their escargot. Both were phenomenal, thank you Maja! Their rosé is delightful, and I was happily shocked when I saw the nice pour. Galatoires was wonderful, and there's so much history behind their restaurant. I really recommend going and asking your server what you can't miss out on, it was the best decision I didn't have to make!- TIP:  The goute appetizer is great.  Perfect mix; not too filling.   But there are much better classic creole restaurants in NOLA.
- CON:  Service is awful for a 'classic' 'NOLA staple' restaurant.  Didn't receive food menus for 10 minutes.  Didn't get a drink menu until even longer.  That could be understandable...if the servers actually seemed to care.  Come to think of it; I'm not even sure who our server was.  That's how little they seem to care.
- BOTTOM LINE:   If you're going to take the effort to throw on a jacket and dress for a special meal--then go to a place where they actually take the effort to treat you with the respect you deserve.  Commanders Palace is bar-none the spot to go for an old-line NOLA experience.  Galatoires is nothing short of a disappointment.The only place in New Orleans worth standing in line for. You really have to be sleeping somebody special to get a reservation here. The best turtle soup I have ever had. And, please? Men? Wear a goddamn suit.Was really excited to try this place but we ended up pretty disappointed. It's all hype. The restaurant wasn't very impressive looking, I was not excited by the atmosphere. Then our server Evangelista was not the friendliest guy... his service was not memorable and he seemed a little unhappy. He also let our plates sit for a long time without clearing them. The food was not great at all. My husband said his fish was ok but my lamb chops were just so gamey tasting and not succulent and juicy at all. The sides were just ok... they brought us plain asparagus but no seasoning or butter. The eggplant appetizer.. I did not like at all. I was just underwhelmed overall. Save your money for Commanders Palace.This place is famous and historic in its own right which automatically makes it a tourist trap I suppose. However, I really enjoyed Galatoire's.
Mentioned in A Streetcar Named Desire, and a favorite haunt of the author, Tennessee Williams, this restaurant is filled with history. The service was excellent, everyone in the South is super friendly, helpful and sweet. 
I ordered the Seafood au Gratin. All I can say is that I was blown away. This dish was unbelievable. Rich and full of flavor, I loved it. For dessert, we ordered a black bottom pecan pie with caramel. OMG. 
The only reason this place got 4 stars instead of 5 is because when compared to other famous New Orleans restaurants I had visited during my stay (NOLA, Muriel's, Acme) this was my least favorite. However, it was still great food and service.'Twas the day after Xmas and all through the place,
People were eating & drinking with smiles on their face.
They were whoopin' and hollerin' and raisin' a glass,
And hopin' to sit down and not fall on their a$$ . . .
They were celebrating birthdays and holidays and things of good cheer,
And everyone had their hand cupped close to their ear.
People were happy and in a great mood,
For the booze was flowing, and so was the food.
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
OK. Enough of that.
Our party of nine (five from California, four from Texas) met at Galatoire's for a holiday celebration, a 21st birthday celebration, and -- well, who really needs a reason? We are certainly out-of-towners, but we've also been coming to Friday Lunch here since well before Katrina, and we've always pleased to just let "our" waiter prepare the menu and bring out the food. This time, however, there were a couple of dietary restrictions (one was gluten-free; several do not eat pork -- often hard to do in New Orleans), but these were handled with grace, aplomb, and one completely delicious dish after another!
Some Bloody Marys, a couple of Mimosas, a Martini, and a glass of nv Duval-Leroy Brut, got things started, followed by two bottles of Patz & Hall Dutton Ranch Chardonnay helped "enliven" the conversation, and paired beautifully with classics like the Crabmeat Maison, Oysters en Brochette, Shrimp Remoulade, Duck Crepes, Drum Amandine (grilled, rather than pan fried), and lord knows what else . . . the plates were flying 'round the table almost as fast as the waiters were flying round the room!
Let's simply say that a fine time was had by all! ;^)They catered our dinner last night. The service and food was fantastic. Appetizers  beginning with shrimp remoulade, beef Wellington, and crab were my favorites. Dinner salad, fish almandine, spinach dish and tenderloin were perfect. Elizabeth - Thank you for taking care of us.Always try to eat here when we are visiting in from Dallas.  Server was a little on the slow side this time, but the food was awesome.  Sat downstairs, favorite place, lots of activity going on, birthdays, parties.  I had the crabmeat maison to start and then the crabmeat au gratin, on a crabmeat kick I guess.  The panna cotta was to die for.Sometimes an Institution needs to remember that you need to do more than rely upon your glory days.
5 of us went to Gallatoires at 9 pm last night.  The food was poor, the service mediocre and the ambiance was cold.
Of our group, one is s former Michelin 3 star cook and one is rated ine of the top pastry chefs in Paris.
We all tried local specialties.  Most were over sauced and significantly over salted.  
I ordered a 2005 condrieu and it took until half way through the meal for the staff to find it.  By 10 15 pm we were the only table in the restaurant.  There was no music and it was obvious that the staff wanted us to leave.  We skipped dessert for obvious reasons.
Dont go here. There are far better restaurant experiences in New Orleans.
PThe entire meal was not five stars but I had the best appetizer and cocktail of my life here, so I had to give this place five stars!
The Oysters Rockefeller was the most amazing dish I have ever tasted! My bf wasn't as impressed, but I was blown away! They came out completely different than I expected- cooked and green in color (not appetizing in appearance at all) and be warned, it's a massive order.
The duck gumbo was excellent (I was told)!
The shrimp creole was good not great, but I was also pretty full by that point.
The pompano was wonderful! Definitely would recommend this if you've never had it!
Men, wear jackets. Women, wear something nice. It's a sea of Lilly Pulitzer and sear sucker.I honestly found the restaurant a little pretentious. Our experience began with excellent french bread and butter but no side plates or butter knives. In a couple of minutes our table was full of crumbs no one offered to clear for us. They also served us multiple cups of ice water with condensation freely running everywhere and mixing with the crumbs. At this point I was already feeling a little messy and uncomfortable.  I ordered a primm's cup cocktail and it was good. The potato souffle was average and the duck crepe was the highlight of the meal. Our entrees were disappointing. The Crawfish etouffe was just okay and the crab entree had a mushroom to crab ratio of about 9:1. There was another shrimp entree drowning in heavy cream sauce that no one could eat after a couple bites. For dessert we ordered the bread pudding which was hard and dry. I have had much better. The servers were nice and friendly but there was something off about this place. Think more like a fine dining respite for crazy burbon street tourists than an actual fine dining haven. There were so many tables crammed into the first floor dining rooms and the chairs were just awful, tiny and no cushioning at the bottom.  A very mixed experience for sureGiven the culinary excellence this establishment is known for I was disappointed to see that at least one of my large shrimp was not deveined. I think what has brought me here to comment though is my feeling devalued a bit (middle aged woman, clearly an out of towner).  Once I pointed out this large vein of excrement on my plate (found near the end of eating the salad with delicious chunks of crabmeat), I was not offered a reduction in the bill ($24.00 salad) nor an offer of dessert, coffee, etc.  I am hoping my comment leads to some review of the kitchen work.  You expect deveining at such an established restaurant.
~Now back to the fun of NOLAFrom start to finish, this was one of the most insulting and outrageous dining experiences I've ever encountered. We were a group of three friends coming as tourists. We called in advance to ask if we needed a lunchtime reservation and I was told "We are wide open. C'mon down."
Upon entering the restaurant, we were immediately asked if we had a specific waiter that we wanted to serve us. This should have been our red flag. Since we are not locals, we did not request a specific waiter. At the lunchtime hour, the restaurant was approximately 50-60% full with plenty of open tables. We were placed at an isolated table in a dark corner adjacent to one other occupied table but away from all the other clusters of diners. The horrendous service began by bringing a loaf of bread without ever offering small plates to go with them. Menus were not brought to us when we sat down. Next, it took more than a reasonable time for our drinks to come. After the drinks arrived, we were finally given menus. This was maybe 30 minutes after initially sitting down. Weird but it seems like the type of place that wants you to take your time which is OK.
Onwards from this point was the most infuriating of the dining experience. The three of us placed our lunch orders. Shortly thereafter, we noticed that the table next to us had an order of extra crispy fried chicken delivered to their table that looked so appetizing that we began to salivate! None of us recalled seeing the fried chicken on the menu; if we did, we would certainly have ordered it. I signaled the waiter that handled the table next to us and asked him if that table ordered fried chicken and he indicated yes. I then asked if that dish was on the menu and he said "Nope" and simply walked away without even giving me an opportunity to further the conversation!
If you think that was rude, it gets even worse. Our original waiter comes back over to our table after being missing in action for who knows how long. Now since the other waiter indicated the fried chicken was not on the menu, I decided to test our assigned waiter. I told him that we really liked the look of the fried chicken at the adjacent table. I then asked him "Is the fried chicken entrée even listed on your menu?". He said "Oh definitely, it is under the poultry section." I was flat out lied to by the waiter. Next, I asked whether it was possible to cancel my original selection and order the fried chicken. He indicated that it was indeed too late as it takes "35 minutes or more" to make the fried chicken and "your order is up and I'm going back to get it now." It was not until 20-30 minutes later that our entrees showed up. We were lied to not once but now twice.
Throughout this entire dining experience, our waiter was no were to be found. Asking for the check was as hard as passing a bill through Congress. Once the check finally arrives, the waiter again is nowhere to be found to take our payment. 
It seems that unless you're a regular or a local, you can expect to receive the cold shoulder throughout your entire meal as they simply do not care about catering to tourists. The host was even hanging out having sips of wine with one of the tables he recognized the patrons of.
Again, if you think all of this is bad, it gets even worse.
We were contemplating complaining to the host because of our lack of satisfaction but we opted against it because we thought it was worthless. Boy we were right. Upon leaving our table, we see the host standing in the entry way, simply glancing at the restaurant patrons. In order to exit the restaurant, you have to walk by the host. As we walked past him, not once did the host even acknowledge our existence as we were leaving the restaurant. He simply stood mute like a marble statute until we yelled "Bye!" as we finally walked out the front door. There is absolutely no respect for tourist patronage at this restaurant. It's like a country club atmosphere. All they care about is pleasing their loyal "regulars."
Definitely the most insulting dining experience I've ever experienced.  Again, do not come here if you're a tourist. The food is not even that great. Very overrated.  The food gets a 3.5 star and the service gets a negative infinity which is why I rated this review as a 1.0 out of 5.0. The fried chicken on their "secret menu" had the appearance of a 5.0 but I will never know what it truly tastes like. 
If you're looking for a great dining experience, get out of the French Quarter and try Clancy's or Atchafalya instead.Galatoire's is a New Orleans institution and there is a reason it has stayed open since 1905. The service at Galatoire's is impeccable. From the moment you are greeted until they prepare the bill, the wait staff attends to your every need. 
The seafood is always incredibly fresh and the crab au gratin is a personal favorite. The fries oysters are a nice sharing appetizer and the shrimp remoulade is the best I have ever tasted!
Galatoire's provides an old world atmosphere without the pretense usually found at such an establishment. 
I cannot make a trip to the Crescent City without dining at this one of a kind eatery.Living on its reputation. Went for lunch with three others. Gumbo was very bland with notes of burnt flower. Crawfish dish was tasteless. Dessert was served with all the grace an elegance of s Big Mac. Don't go here. Much better food throughout New Orleans.The service is really great and the atmosphere cannot be beat. You feel like a local when you dine here. The food is just as you would expect in an upscale favorite. Delicious.The food is hands down some of the best I've had.  The service is without a doubt among the worst I've ever experienced.  Had to wait 10 minutes before being acknowledged at a table.  Had to wait 10-15 minutes for our wine. Had to wait 20 minutes to order.  Had to wait 15 minutes for our bill. Had to wait 10 minutes to get the credit card receipt to sign.
Bottom line, the food rocks but you better have plenty of time on your hands.My family and I were having lunch there. The food was good. Unfortunately, we did not know that there was a dress code during lunch, so we got sent to the bar next door. They have seats and tables in the bar area as well and the atmosphere was not bad. However, as soon as we walked in, they were rude to us. We had my niece who is 5 with us and it seems like they don't really like the idea of us bringing a child. Also, the waiter asked only one of us what we wanted to drink (We have 4 parties in the group) and left right away. We asked for the coolinary (restaurant week) menu and the attitude was just even worse. To me, the food is decent but with the bad service, I just don't think it's worthy.Best restaurant in New Orleans. Ask for Richard Faust if you want the best service.  When he brought two bowls rather than two spoons for my husband and I to share turtle soup I was impressed. Turtle soup was the wonderful but the grilled pompano (fish with mushrooms, peppers and mushrooms) he recommended was out of this world! I would eat here everyday if I could. Go! Go! Go! Make reservations first!This is my second trip, had tickets to Preservation Hall so thought this would be a good place for a pre-show dinner within easy walking distance.  The service was impeccable!  People -watching deserves 4 stars on its own.  But the food?  The house salad is worth the trip there all on its own.  I was slightly disappointed in my duck dish, but only because a dinner mate had duck at Irene's the night before and it was through the roof delicious!  The duck here was cooked perfectly and quite tasty, just not the palate tickler that the duck at Irene's is.  My dinner mate this evening definitely made better choices than I - the foie gras is melt in your mouth amazing!  After the foie gras, he ordered the Bouillabaisse - it was so rich and buttery I wanted to pick the dish up and drink it - which would definitely be frowned upon here - formal dress and manners are a must, so don't forget your jacket!For old school New Orleans dining, Galatoires is where it's at.  The high prices are worth it.  This is the kind of food you talk about while eating other food.It never disappoints ! We had a table of 9 and the service was amazing as well as the food. I got crab sardou, yum!It's not just an incredible old school restaurant with an old world atmosphere, the food is excellent.  The shrimp marguery was one of the best dishes that I've ever had, and I've been to hundreds of 5 star restaurants.   They deserve the 5 stars.   If you like an experience with ambience, this is a great choice.   The waitstaff are dressed formally and the service is superb.Put your jacket on and head to the French Quarter madness for Galatoire's! We made Sunday lunch reservations, it was busy but not packed.
Relocated our table once which the hostess accommodated (I am fine sitting at a bad table , everyone has to sit somewhere,, but I wasn't in the mood to watch servers go in and out of kitchen/back room chaos). We moved to the opposite corner table which was also tucked away, but perfect for us. We had a large family next to us , which made it hard for the server to get to our table, but he managed and  it made it strangely  and perfectly private. Speaking of service, it was great!
Hits -  Martini, dear God. Comes with your own garnishes. Wine by glass affordable. Turtle soup, godchaux salad were great. Banana pudding was a perfect end. We did not order entrees, it was so hot outside, the large salad was perfect.
Miss - outside of the seating issue which was quickly fixed, I think it was great!  For a place requiring jackets, the hostess seemed a little underdressed/unpolished but hey, everyone has an off day.  I  love the dress code,  and we made a special effort to rearrange our day  to get ready for said dresscode.Dinner at Galatoire's is an event. Our experience was two hours of dining pleasure. We were seated in the quiet upstairs which is preferable to the noisy downstairs. Make Open Table reservations in advance to get the upstairs. Service was good. Food was exceptional.Great food! The dress code was a bit silly though. It's 95 degrees in New Orleans but a woman can't wear shorts in the restaurant (mind you -it's on Bourbon street and outside the door people are topless).  However, the classic and delicious food was worth the walk back to the hotel to change into a dress.Stella took Blanche and left Stanley at home with a cold plate. Now I understand his seething anger.
Don't go looking here for a cool hip vibe or some foamy molecular gastronomy. Go here because it's Galatoire's, period.
Have the shrimp remoulade. Have a bottle of excellent wine. Chat it up with your server, and if you're lucky, you'll get Peter from Melrose and he'll tell you he gets the lamb chops, and you'll get the lamb chops, and the lamb chops will be really, really, really good and you'll wish you could take your mother who loves lamb more than anything, but you probably wouldn't even share these lamb chops with her, they're that good. 
End of lamb chop story.Rashad was amazing. Adam was outstanding. Great experience and great vibes here. And we couldn't even hear the craziness outside until they opened back up the doors and Mardi Gras madness came back into the picture... soundproof glass! Thank you gents!In the middle of the French quarter, valet parking nearby. Went for lunch.
Very charming 'old fashioned' proper silver service interior with even older staff, our waiter had worked there since '62. But that merely shows they are professional and know what they are doing. Very authentic New Orleans style menu. 
We had an outstanding Sancerre, they have a very good wine list.
Food was ' simple' but well above average and not massively overgenerous. Yes, do visit this tradition, you will not regret it.The food made up for the rest of this dining experience. 
When making our reservation the expectation was set that this would be a nice, classy restaurant. Our table felt like it had been placed there just to try and fill an empty space even though it was a bad traffic location. Our table was not ready when we were sat so our plates and utensils arrived in rounds after we were seated. We were not greeted by our waitress for atleast 10 mins after sitting and she then proceeded to be a bit awkward and gruff through out our meal. They give you a great bread that's delicious but super flaky and impossible to not get on the table while trying to tear your pieces off. This wouldn't have been an issue if our table could have been cleaned off before our meal but it was not so I just used my hand to try and clear it up. If not for the amazing food this would have been an incredibly disappointing experience. The front of house needs to match the level of the kitchen. The pork chop that I had was the most amazing piece of meat I have consumed. It was cooked to perfection. We started with the duck crepe which did not disappoint and neither did our cocktails. The feeling was that of a restaurant trying really hard to be fancy but falling short.I had the crab omelet and a hash brown side.  We had a large party, the staff and service were great.Greeting- yes
Vibe- this is the place to be
Price- a little high
Service- on spot
Parking- good luck
Food
Gumbo $8.50 very good
Turtle soup $6.75 good
Crab remoulade $12.50 refreshing
Shrimp étouffée $20 outstanding
Potato soufflé $5 good
Oysters Rockefeller $14 excellent 
WIGB? Absolutely 
This is one of the quintessential restaurants to eat at in the worldWhat a surprise right on Bourbon Street! You wouldn't imagine a fine dining restaurant like this, with classy ladies and gents dressed in their Sunday's finest, located amongst the (albeit delightful) ruckus of Bourbon Street. But there it is. 
For the experience, its well priced. The ambiance makes this place, with mirrors lining the walls, white linen table clothes, chandeliers: class, class, class! Dinner was pretty tasty, as were our drinks. I'm smitten that we found this gem.This place is snooty, expensive and surrounded by titty bars on the most annoying, hetero part of Bourbon Street. If you must venture to this corner of the Quarter, go to the Bourbon House's bar instead. Or, if you want 19th-century creole cuisine, try Antoine's.I really enjoyed my food here. What really took the cake for me was the Sazerac I had at the bar. I've never had a better one side and I'm completely spoiled.Have been here a few times, this review is for last night.  With 3 friends, had the gootee appetizer with oysters rockerfeller, escargot.  All excellent!!!!  Best in class.  The fried eggplant was good, but not great.  I really think they do appetizers best here.  Highly recommended.went on a sunday rainy night and much to our surprise the downstairs dining room was packed.  Appeared to be new orleans families having their sunday dinner.  we ordered an old fashioned to drink per other reviewers recommendation, really good.
then the crab maison for an appetizer, the sauce was perfect & huge chunks of crab. then also had the oysters wrapped in bacon & fried, really sort of melted in your mouth. had asparagus & hollandaise sauce. then each had gumbo, i don't even like gumbo but this was so fresh and wasn't too heavy.  wanted to order entree but was too full after all of this. 
will go back on the next trip!Pomp but no circumstance. Rude staff and not an experience I would revisit. There are better places with infinitely better service.  Avoid this old dog and go somewhere deserving of you $.Small forks were 11/10 would use again. If you're going to make everyone wear a jacket, at least make your food meet the expectations. The bus boys and our waiter Charles were impeccable. Extremely overrated, it seems like this place lives out of old glory.That there are people who don't love this place boggles my mind (my mind is easily boggled though, 3 times a day usually).
This is just my favorite place to eat in the city. Its the perfect experience...I was talking to a friend today, and we came up with the word "accessible", you are made to feel like you deserve to be having such a good time eating, and in the end, that's what its all about. White table cloth and yet not, just a place that's impossible to not pass a good time at.
We went on a weekday (not a Friday) about 1:00, were greeted and seated easily, usual crowd, a few big local birthday parties, a few business folks, a few tourists, a table of semi-classless idiots pretending they were old money New Orleanians (that was us, but the glitter suit probably gave it away). The waiter was exactly like I like there, attentive, but very casual...like my sweet but hopelessly terrible horse betting grandfather. We asked for a plate of mixed appetizers, and when it came, all classic, all delicious, every food group, oyster, bacon, shrimp, crawfish and crab. Later we added those puffy potato skin puffs (they might have a more official name, I can't recall) and the the amazing fried eggplant and before we knew it 2 hours passed of us drinking and talking over the appetizers and we realized we hadn't even ordered entrees yet. That's a restaurant experience.
We ordered more food; gumbos and turtle soups and salads and oysters rockefeller since at that point we weren't hungry enough for full meals (drinks started to fill me up) and the sweet potato cheesecake was divine (I never describe food as divine...that was fun, but Im never gonna do it again). 3 hours plus, and it was time to get my nails did so we had to leave without even coffee. We were eating somewhere the other day and I noted that you can always tell when the person eating near you is a local because they stay through 2 seatings, a meal is an escape and a respite, and this place delivers that perfect.
Galatoires is another world in lots of ways, a time machine and a slice of our somewhat changing city at the same time. It appears from reviews here, lots of folks don't enjoy this other world  and I just can't understand that, its a world easy to enjoy. 
One side note: By 4 PM it was not very crowded at all, maybe 4-5 tables...we were seated first and when they sat other tables they sat them all right next to us, making the empty restaurant seem lively. Thats the kind of place it is....if you are not comfortable smiling at strangers near you when they sit down, it maybe is not the place for you...it's an intimate experience like it or not. And don't get reservations and sit upstairs. Really.Oysters Rockefeller, redfish with shrimp, sweet potato pie and coffee. Fabulous meat, attentive service with smiles and sound advice. Well worth the trip to New Orleans.So so. Food doesn't have the WOW factor one would expect and receive from a modern chef. They should package their main courses, and sell them in the frozen food section of grocers. That is how I would describe the flavor of my Crabmeat Sardou.
Atmosphere and service is great. I guess I was spoiled a few nights ago by Restaurant Rebirth where our taste buds were delighted beyond words.
As with most traditions, time has passed Gallatoires by. My suggestion is get an appetizer, skip the main course, and get a dessert. You will not have missed anything.For our splurge at a quintessential NOLA dining establishment, we decided to go to Galatoire's, which also came highly recommended by my partner's coworker. 
We were greeted by a very kind hostess who apologized for the poor locations of the remaining available tables. After being seated, we noticed that there were just a few people of color dining among the white, wealthy older folks, so we felt a bit out of place but were determined to stay and enjoy the food. 
The meal started with a green salad tossed with a tasty garlic vinaigrette that wasn't too oily or overpowering. Next came my Shrimp Clemenceau, in which the shrimp were cooked longer than I usually like, but the butter wine sauce was perfectly seasoned. Accompanying the shrimp were velvety peas, cubed fried potatoes and sliced mushrooms. The portion was quite generous, and I actually couldn't eat it all. I sampled my partner's fried oysters and crab meat dishes and swooned! Even the puffed potato crisps were delectable.
The coffee was tastily strong and generously refilled. After all that food, we didn't have room for dessert, which was unfortunate cuz the sweet potato cheesecake and the chocolate pecan pie were both calling my name!
Lastly, many thanks go to Shawn, our very attentive and charming waiter whose dish recommendations we appreciated.Was told this was the best French restaurant in NOLA.  I hope that's not true.  The food was good, but not inspired.  The wait staff is formal and proper, and the ambiance is quiet, which is a plus.  It appeared to have quite a few regulars inside, chatting it up with the staff.  Maybe it's a nostalgia thing, but otherwise it wasn't a special experience.The food is good, the service started off rough and became more pleasant toward the end of our meal. For the price and the hype, I'm giving them three stars. 
There are two serving rooms; one downstairs, I hear it's typically reserved for regulars. And one upstairs for the "drop-Ins and tourists". The wait staff is not reflective of the diversity of the city, where there is not a representation of the "locals". 
I will say, we had the best oyster rockerfeller I've ever had. The oysters were the best thing...well that and the bread and butter which is so perfectly flaky on the outside and soft on the inside. The gumbo was very good, great flavor no spice though. The food is served a la carte. We had the redfish also had the fried eggplant and sautéed spinach. The spinach was perfectly prepared with a lot of lemon juice and some salt; it was served wilted. The wine list is excellent, and it should be because of the nature of the history and prestige of the restaurant. 
It was very nice to visit and I don't need to go back.First place we dined in New Orleans. Right on Bourbon this place is an original. We had  for our main course shrimp creole and a fried oyster dish that I can not remember the name of. I think we had our expectations so high we were a little disappointed with the food, rather plain and not in a good way. However we were still thrilled we came because the atmosphere, it is like one big dining room, we talked with other tables, the entire room sang happy birthday to an older man who had been coming there for years, a character of New Orleans legend with purple and gold striped pants, jacket and  bow tie came running by...overall it was a great start to our New Orleans vacation.Although the ambience is rather bare, the food and service were impeccable. We absolutely adored our server Ralph. He made the experience fantastic! :)Excellent serice.  Very good food.
The excargot and Oyster Rockefeller are second to none.  Cannot go to Galatoire's without sampling these 2 items.
I got the duck as my entree.  While not the best I have ever had, it was certainly in the top 5% of all ducks I have eaten, thus far.  My wife got the crabmeat ravigote.  This was cooked perfectly.  Honestly, I could not tell which entree I liked more.
The food is not cheap but worth it.  Great restaurant to go on a date night.We were so disappointed as we were not allowed to eat in the restaurant since we had (dressy) shorts on.  When I called a couple of weeks ago inquiring about a reservation there was no mention of a dress code.  We ended up eating appetizers in the bar area none of which were anything special.This was supposedly a must do while vising N.Orleans.  Big mistake!!  We went and tried to get a table at 11am and they said sorry we had to wait until 1:15pm so we think wow it's really that popular.  The food must be awesome...WRONG WRONG WRONG
The place is crowded and VERY loud.  The atmosphere is very old fashion and the noise does not make it pleasant at all.  So minus one star for the awful atmosphere.  Onto the food which isn't any better unfortunately:
Appetizers: 
Galatoire Goute, recommended by the waiter since it is a variety of sorts of their appetizers:  combination of the Crabmeat Maison and the SHrimp Remoulade and also the fried oysters.  The only thing edible was honestly the fried oysters.  Though they weren't that great either.  The crab and shrimp were drenched in a vinegar tasting sour bitter sauce that was disgusting.  the shrimp tasted like rubber bands because they were over cooked!
We then ordered: Red snapper (recommended by the waiter) with cauliflower and potato sides.  The fish came with crab pieces on top and shrimp as well. Again the shrimps were over cooked and tasted like rubberbands and the fish unsurprisingly at this time, was bland. We were lucky we split the entree at this point because we couldn't even finish the food split.
Very disappointing since we waited 1.5 hrs and were told on many a tourist websites that it's a must go since Friday lunches are serious in N.Orleans..which is a bunch of hooey since the food blows here and we spent around $90.  Sad. AVOID or be disappointed.  Minus 2 stars for the substandard food.  I won't give it 1 star because it wasn't that bad but it's pretty down there considering the price you have to pay to eat there and the loud noise and crowded area.  Also on another note:  A lot of the servers are black and YES I didn't see one black person dining which is pretty depressing.  Shows how divided society still is with the have nots being black and the rich people being white. We were the also the ONLY non-white people there.Aside from the locals defending Galatories and poking harsh comments toward all the tourist who are simply looking for a quality meal and had a bad experience.
It comes down to quality of food and experience . . . isn't that why we dine out!?
We had a party of 10, all dressed to the nines, made our reservation (which included a downpayment!), and took the waiters suggestions, all as told to do from the locals.  As it started off good and the waiter was great, it slowly went downhill.
The drink orders were getting mixed up and we could never catch our waiter to fix it once dinner service got rolling.  I received a Cosmo instead of wine; a friend got 5 oz of wine for $15 and didn't think this was ok, so he just took it away without asking if she wanted anything else (we were still charged for it). She ended up with no drink for the rest of dinner.
The main issue is that our food was ok.  The Pompano fish so highly recommended was really quite dry.  Our side dish that the waiter ordered for us gave each person only 2 asparagus, and a tablespoon of spinach, just not enough.  
Our suggested starter was amazing, and our overall experience was just OK.  
Let's be honest- there is a lot of hype about this restaurant and it just didn't live up to it!I love Galatoire's. The food is always delicious and fresh. I started with the turtle soup that was amazing. I was craving a salad so i got the jumbo lump crab on avacado with a mustard vinaigrette. Mr friend got the crab au gratin which was heaven.the only place on Bourbon St worth going to. Old school, tile floor, french bistro vibe, Tennessee Williams and William Faulkner ate here, and probably every other important and influential person. Don't come in tee shirts and shorts, this is a very nice place, waiters who have worked here for 40 plus years, history history history. Food is good but it almost doesn't matter. Because it's Galatoire's. The reason we love NOLA: tradition, history, mise en sceneAn old time upscale classic restaurant on Bourbon street that's been around for over 100 years so they must be doing something right.  We held a customer dinner here for 26 people in a private room upstairs.  First of all I gave to say that I eat at a lot of fancy restaurants when I travel for business so I tend to get spoiled by good food.  What set this restaurant apart from many that I have dined in was the service.  Accommodating to last minute changes they quickly converted the tables to squeeze in a few unanticipated guests.  They did exactly as instructed, not pouring the wines at the end of the night just to fill up glasses and not offering mixed drinks, though accommodating special requests.  By the way, the gin martinis were top notch.  The food for 30 was served it hour me barely Boeing the servers were there.  Best service I have had in a LONG while.Wonderful evening in the mirrored dining room. Service was excellent and food was delightful.The food is great. And I don't usually leave anything but great reviews, but I have been here for two hours and still haven't gotten my soup.  I'm in a large group for a meeting, but really...If you have a blazer, wear it, o/w they have one for you. This place does crab dishes right and the pecan pie kills!! As they say in the movies-2 thumbs up! It's deluxe!I ate at Galatoire's for their prix fixe menu for Thanksgiving. We sat on the ground floor in their beautiful main dining room and enjoyed the ambiance of a well lit, impeccable restaurant with lively service. I was especially appreciative that with three different tables open, the maitre d, Joe, sat us at the most attractive one, right by the front windows and with plenty of space. Along with the best Thanksgiving dinner I have ever had, the waitstaff is quick, effective, and kind. I could expect a new round of drinks within just a few minutes of asking for one, and I was extremely pleased with the value- about $30 prix fixe each for a lovely sliced fried turkey breast meal for myself and my visiting relatives, and in addition, some oysters to start, French 75's and desserts for all of us. I will continue to be a patron at Galatoire's, however, this year from what I understand they are booked full for Thanksgiving! I regularly recommend this place to anyone that I know who enjoys fine dining done right.Galatoire takes one back to an era of fine dining, starch white table cloths and servers in tuxs and white coats. Definitely sit downstairs for the ultimate experience. Everything we ate was great! The spinach Rockefeller is a must have! I ordered the redfish sautéed meunière amandine with a side of their famous hollandaise sauce. This was a great meal overall and I would come back again. 
Note: it is on Bourban street so it you can walk from your hotel or take a pedicab, I would recommend otherwise the traffic is grueling and parking is difficult.Galatoires is the quintessential New Orleans experience. The food is always great and there is so much to choose from. Where else can you get souffle (puffed) potatoes that are this good? All the dishes are to die for, but make sure you experience these at some point: crabmeat maison, crabmeat ravigote, oysters en brochette, oysters rockefeller, trout menieur amadine, shrimp remolaude, turtle soup, crabmeat sardou, creamed spinach and brabant potatoes. You cannot go wrong with anything, even the steaks are incredible. But DON'T make a reservation - that will put you upstairs. YOU WANT TO BE DOWNSTAIRS WHERE ALL THE FUN IS.Great service.  Waiter was attentive.  Food was good but not great.  I had a chicken dish; my wife had a fish dish; my daughter had a duck dish.  I would rate them a 6.5/10 as i tasted each one.  The duck was very good though am 8/10.Excellent meal, it is a New Orleans institution. Every single dish we ordered was amazing- we had the okra gumbo, shrimp etouffe, goute and cauliflower su gratin. Our waiter was Kenny, who was wonderful.My husband and I's recent visit was very disappointing not because of the food, but because of the service.  We were literally rushed out of there.  We went looking for a special meal in a special restaurant.  We frequent many restaurants in New Orleans and hadn't had the opportunity to go to go to Galatoire's in awhile and we wanted to try it out.  We didn't ask for a specific waiter - Big Mistake!  We repeatedly told the waiter that we wanted to take our time and enjoy the evening and even refused to order for awhile to enjoy our wine and hors d'oeuvres, but he hovered constantly and repeatedly came to the table even though it was quite obvious that we wanted to relax and have a leisurely meal.  Even though we had coffee and dessert, we finished way before two other groups of friends who are regular customers and who had arrived there long before us.  So beware,  if you're not a regular customer, you are not treated equally at Galatoire's!Nice atmosphere. Food was delicious. The sweet potato cheesecake is amazing. Shelly was our server and he was GREAT! He was super friendly and knowledgeable. Can't wait to visit on our next trip to New Orleans.as good as it gets doesn't even come close to describing galatoire's.  THE best restaurant on the planet.  never had a bad meal or a bad time.  shit, i'd eat here every day if i could.  oysters rockafeller, turtle soup, trout (or drum) margarie....   and lots of bourbon.  the good times roll here, baby.I was invited to someone's birthday lunch at Galatoire's so of course you  know I wasn't going to turn it down. It definitely was an experience I tell you that. On the day I went it wasn't so crowded probably because of the rainy weather, although you can tell it's definitely a good old boy's club. The seating seemed very close to each other, which is okay I guess unless u are paranoid person such as myself.
Service was great, but of course it will be with probably the same waiters who have been in this line of business and with Galatoire's for probably over 20 years. Very elegant, polite, and efficient there is definitely no mistaken the quality of their wait staff.
I had the chicken bonne femme and it was wonderful. Caramelized onions, bacon, chicken... How could you not love such things. Truly enjoyed that meal. For dessert I tried the bread pudding which was very yummy and great way to end my visit.
Overall my visit was pleasant but Galatoire's just makes me feel weird.Go for the crab sardou, listen to the old school waiters' recommendations and soak up a true New Orleans experience on Bourbon Street. Wear a jacket and try to go with a regular.Not to be missed on the New Orleans Fine Dining Hit Parade which also includes Antoines, Arnaud's, Commander's Palace, K Paul's -- We can only eat so much in 3 days so this trip we enjoyed Galatoire's, Arnaud's and KPaul. We arrived on Sunday the last day of Jazz fest so we had a 5PM seating (reservations made the week before) I had Bouillabaisse and it was excellent, the crawfish etoufee was great. Special mention on the VERY GENEROUS 5 shot drink pour. My Booker's lasted all though dinner. My only regret is that we didn't stay longer -- the reality shock of walking out of such genteel and classy confines onto the insanity of the last day of Jazz Fest was mentally unstabilizing. We managed to get a corner table in the Carosel Bar at Hotel Monteleone and ordered more Booker's to recover.The audible disappointment in the maitre d's voice on learning that I needed a table for one was not a promising start. Still, great service and great food, as Galatoire's reputation promised, would have made up for the grudging welcome. But I was left to amuse myself with the menu and butter, but no bread, for around 15 minutes, and only managed to get the waiter to take my order after turning around in my seat for several minutes and finally catching his eye and beckoning him after he was finished bantering with a table with more people. When the food finally arrived, it was memorable only for how unremarkable it was. The turtle soup was good, though I would have preferred the chef to have put the proper quantity of sherry in instead of having to do it myself. The oysters en brochette had little taste or savor and left me wondering whether oysters were for me, since I don't have them often. Why I had to ASK for bread is beyond me. Happily, two days later I had superb service AND oysters at Commander's Palace, though that restaurant was full to bursting and I again was a table for one. If you're coming to New Orleans as a tourist, don't bother with asking snooty Galatoire's to take your money--you'll find far better fare and service elsewhere.Went here for a ladies lunch wearing heels and a dress, while totally hung over.  The potatoes and the trout amandine got me right back to center, and I left  a bit heavier than I started!!  A true institution, you can see the lil ol ladies doing what they've been doing forever, wearing their Sunday gloves to lunch, and doing it up- old-styley.Love love love their food!!! 
I give this restaurant a 5 star because their food was amazing, their service is prompt, the staff is accommodating and their ambiance is fun! 
My friends and I went to this establishment to celebrate my bachelorette. We were seated right away! We had some last minute cancelations and they were very accommodating. 
As soon as we sat down, the service was there to take our drink orders. Mind you, it was Saturday night at 8pm but he was quick with our orders! Then they brought in fresh bread and an added bonus of their garlic bread! 
Their food was amazing! I ordered Rockefeller oysters for my appetizer and crabmeat Sardou for entree. My entree was full of crabmeat and it was so flavorful! 
Lastly, it seemed that everyone in the restaurant was celebrating something and other patrons were more than happy to be a part of each celebration. It felt welcoming!
I would high recommend this restaurant and would go back if I'm ever in the area again.Went here for Sunday lunch.  Very fun and traditional New Orleans.  Most people there had fun hats on and you can tell it was a very fun environment with great food.  Our server was very knowledgeable and gave great reccommendations.  The sweetbreads are amazing, definitely give those a try.If you really want great food, don't come here. It's not that the food is bad, it's just not the best in New Orleans. It's also best to come with as large a party as possible. i've seen tables for 2 looking totally out of sync and overwhelmed by the noise.It's sort of a rite of pasage to come here with a bunch of friends and colleagues and eat and drink the afternoon away.
 As for the food, one good thing is they have great suppliers. They have the best of the best seafood in town- the best pieces of trout, the best softshells, the best crabmeat etc. Their beef and lamb are top notch too. I just  feel  that the food could be so much better. The fish and softshells, which I gravitate toward, are always perfectly prepared, but they just sit on the plate, dry, lonely and looking for a good sauce. The beef is a little better because they do a palatable job with the classic French sauces like bearnaise and marchand de vin. They also do a good job with the oysters en brochette which are served with a nice meuniere and wedges of lemon. 
Last but not least, they have great service. John Fontenot, in addition to being a great waiter, is truly a great human being and one of the funniest guys I have ever met. 
Galatoire's is a revered institution and one which should be experienced and enjoyed when you're in the mood for good food and great fun.Group of 13 seated upstairs, we were last 2 to arrive. Waitress came to take our drink order without offering a drink menu (there were none at the table). We mentioned this to her. She walked away and didn't return for awhile, like half an hour. She returned sans menus and asked us if we had decided what we would like to drink. Ummm, no. 
I had bouillabaisse and my dining companion had fish with lemon cream sauce and capers. The food was just ok and was served 1.5 hours after we arrived for our reservation. Can't emphasize enough how slow the service was. There was missed opportunity for selling more drinks because the server wasn't coming around often enough. Most people at the table barely got a second drink order in, but I only got one. Nothing special here. Wouldn't come back.So I'm not quite sure what all the hype is about this place...
Don't get me wrong, the food was excellent.  I've never been a fan of Bearnaise on Broccoli but they made me a fan. But it wasn't as Grandiose that everyone made it out to be. 
The food was very good, but then again everything is good down in NOLA. The Turtle soup was excellent! Probably the best that I had while I was down there.  I loved the bread that came with it too. But the prices were pretty high. I'm no french cuisine expert, but I wasn't sure if it was justified. 
 I guess what I don't get about this place is why the requirement for a coat and tie?  I mean the place is on Bourbon Street next to sex toy store...I'm not quite sure if this is a good location to be hoity toity.
 So reservations are a must, especially if you have a group. They do enforce the dress code, so make sure that you are dressed for the place and not for a night out on Bourbon.Galatoire's is a real treat.  Truly one of the top gems of New Orleans, I've had the third best steak of my life here.  Perfect atmosphere that can border on a little noisy, it fits right into the colorful neighborhood of the French Quarter.  
Well worth a visit if you want to treat yourself, reservations are strongly encouraged.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  Classy and very old-school... Remember to wear a jacket to dinner (for guys) and order a sazerac cocktail!  Yum.Friends had their wedding reception here (private area upstairs). The food was amazing. As many others have said, the turtle soup was amazing. The appetizers were great as were several different entrees that I got a chance to sample.Read this for a good laugh, because this was the most bizarre meal of my life.  We had a party of 8 and called days before to change the party to 9, no problem.  We show up for our 8pm reservation and they take issue that we have 9 people.  Off to a great start.  We aren't seated until 9:20pm, which means for a rock solid 80 minutes we stood next to a host stand, fun!  We get to our table and wouldn't you know it, it's a circular table for 8, not 9.  You know when you take your seat in a Spirit Airlines plane and realize you're 6'2" and you've made a huge mistake?  That's how I felt when they squeezed 9 people into an 8 top round table tucked away in the corner.  OK, this is where THE CRAZY STARTS.  Our table was not bussed, there were no napkins/silverware and there were remnants of other people's food on the table.  They never clean the table.  Bread shows up, but we have no silverware, napkins, or water....just straight up bread to start the meal.  We eat with our hands. 
 We ask for napkins and they bring 4, not 9.  We ask for 5 more and they bring another 2 for a total of 6.  We're making progress.  Forks were a hot commodity, If you find a fork at Galatoire's HOLD ON TIGHT, because you now possess the equivalent of the crystal skull from Indiana Jones.  They're hard to come by, is what I'm saying.  My friend has white wine, half full.  They top off the glass with red wine, to which I point out "Umm, you're pouring red wine into white wine."  The server then grabs my wine glass (not my friend's) and starts walking away.  The whole table yells "Where are you going with his wine glass?!" and the server responds "I don't want to mix the wines" and then she brought me back a clean glass, but not my friend?  About 45 minutes after we ordered we had to remind our waiter to put our order in, which makes total sense.  At one point a random server came to our table and asked "has anyone gotten you you're desserts?" Bewildered, we replied "We never ordered dessert, in fact we haven't received our entrees yet".  That person leaves...never see her again.  Food comes, fried redfish with sauteed shrimp which was.....soggy.  That is never a word you want to use when describing food.  If you had told me this dish came from Applebee's I would've absolutely nodded my head in agreement.  Oh, I almost forgot, they also charged a phantom $70 bottle of wine to our bill.  We told the manager about our insane experience....from the napkins, to the forks, to the red/white wine debacle and she told us this experience was our fault because we brought 9 people for an 8 person reservation.  I can't make this stuff up, folks.  I'll go to my grave not understanding what the hell was going on at this place.  2 stars instead of 1, because as it turns out a chardonnay/pinot noir blend is actually delicious.A good option for an upscale restaurant, but you can probably find the same quality food for cheaper.
The food... I came with my brother so I was able to try a few more dishes than usual. I tried the black drum fish and my brother went with a steak. The garnishes are key and make sure not to mix too many flavors together; the service seemed very knowledgeable so make sure to ask if you're not too sure. I think my brother made the better decision when he went with a steak. Also... side dishes, definitely choose a few, but expect some of them to be very french/new orleans... aka fatty and oily (skip the cauliflower... nothing too amazing).
The venue... I loved the interior. It's got a lot of personality to it. Do make reservations and remember that it's a jacket required restaurant (we went back to the hotel and changed). It's also at a nice convenient location, but if you're going out afterward, I recommend dressing back down!
Overall... worth a visit especially if you want a nice sit down restaurant, but I think if you're willing to deal with some grit, you can find better and cheaper around town.Galatoire's was good.  It was.  We came for lunch on Saturday and felt like a local.  No tourists to be found other than ourselves, and lots of ladies who lunch.  Perfect.  I could just imagine all of them going home to their homes in the Garden District, with their attorney husbands and two perfect children.  Of  course, all of this in perfect Southern charm.
Anyways, the food was great.  We ordered an appetizer trio of cold salads. I believe we had a crawfish salad, a crab salad, and I cant quite remember the third salad, which might say something.  The crab salad was incredible.  It really was some of the best crab I've had in my life.  It was perfect, especially with some lemon squeezed on top.  We also got an order of the fried oysters, which were bacon wrapped.  They intimidated me, but the bf loved them.
For lunch I ordered a fried drum, which honestly, had zero flavor.  I was disappointed.  However, the bf got the sauteed drum in a garlic, butter, citrus sauce and it was perfect.  Thankfully we were so full from the loaves of bread and the cold salads that we were happy splitting the sauteed drum.  Its a perfect, flaky white fish with a very delicate yet flavorful sauce.  Top notch.
So, all in all, an awesome lunch, very New Orleans, very unique for us.  Would I rush back to Galatoire's?  Maybe for that crab salad, but when it came to memorable New Orleans food, I have to tip my hat to other culinary establishments first.Don't go to Galatoire's for good food --- Go for the party, the spectacle, or because its a classic New Orleans experience.  They have a James Beard, but that had to be from before food culture in the US has become what it is today.  Cuisine is "take it or leave it", but the atmosphere is why people come.  Drinks at the upstairs bar are poured very stiff and the staff is friendly.
Went to Galatoire's for the quintessential New Orleans Friday Lunch.  It was every bit the event that everyone claims it will be.  Girls in feather boas, ridiculous hats, poofy dresses were quite the sight.  We put our names down at 11am and were seated at 4pm.  No complaints about that, we knew what we were getting into.  My understanding is that if you go for Friday Lunch, thats just how it is.
Galatoire's is basically an old line French Quarter establishment.  People do NOT come here for the food, they go for the party.  Its a fun party, I'm glad I went, and I'd go back, but just to dress up, booze, and make (sophisticated) mayhem.December 31, 1996: A bright-eyed college senior on her way to New Orleans to root for the UF Gators in the NCAA National Championship game is given $40 by her aunt and uncle in Mobile, AL, to have a meal at the famous Galatoire's on Bourbon Street.  Excited to visit such a fine restaurant, said college senior asks, and then begs, her companions to go with her.  Alas!  They all want to spend money on booze and beads.  So it would be almost 15 years before she returned, with high-hopes and friends who shared her dedication to experiencing sublime dining.
Perhaps my hopes were unreachably high because Galatoire's fell flat. 
Reservations were for 8pm upstairs.  We were seated immediately but at the wrong table.  No silverware, napkins, etc.  Took another 15 mins to get menus and one was empty.  I was wearing a dress and was freezing.  Midway through the meal one of our waiters foldeed up a tablecloth for me to drape on my shoulders, even though we saw at least 10 jackets hanging up downstairs that we assumed were for gentlemen who forgot coats.   
For this level of restaurant, I expected better on all levels.  My asparagus and hearts of palm salad was fine but covered in too much mustard vinairgrette.  Oh, when i found an avocado stem in it when the salad was almost gone, I pointed it out to the waiter.  Instead of apologizing, she had a long explanation of what it was.  I simply don't care.  Just fix it.  Companion had foie gras and said it was cold.  Then I couldn't make up my mind (my fault) and listened to the waiter recommend Shrimp Yvonne to go with Potatos au gratin.  Shrimp was rubbery and the meal just looked sad/dark.  One good point - I was able to send it back (no charge) and picked Shrimp au vin, only because a companion had it and it looked good.  I probably would have chosen somethign different if the waiter had suggested i wait a moment so he could retrieve the menu.  My shrimp au vin came out tasty and hot, but there was a big lump of flour in it.  I'm sure it was because they were anxious to get my meal to me so fine.  Our third companion had a chicken dish which was fine.  At this point  I was too full to order dessert or coffee so we paid and left. 
Excluding service, it might just be that French food is not for me.  I wish I had tried the fish.So I just got back from my trip and Galatoire's was unbelievable! All of the food in New Orleans was terrific, and I will say this is definitely one of the best food cities in the world. I would still say New York is better because there is more variety, but New Orleans is tough to beat for the price, ambience, portion sizes, and service that you get. But on to Galatoire's... We arrived on a Thursday at 5:30 and were seated right away at a nice table against the wall as soon as you walk in. Our waiter Richard was terrific. I was absolutely stoked because they had soft shell crabs which was the ONE thing I HAD to have on my trip to New Orleans. Loved that the bread hit the table practically the second we sat down. It was piping hot and delicious. They even brought us a second loaf without us asking (recurring theme at all NO establishments.) So here is what we ordered..
Apps- Fried eggplant and souffle potatoes were great. I especially loved the eggplant with the powdered sugar. Really delicious. We also tried the oysters en brochette and they were great. I'll admit I never had oysters and hey fried anything wrapped in bacon has to be good and these did not disappoint. A little squirt of lemon and the butter sauce on the bottom were all it needed to finish it.
Entrees- I went with the fried soft shell crabs amandine with meuniere sauce and topped it with sauteed crabmeat. All I can say is WOW! This is one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. I mentioned how excited I was to try this and it certainly lived up to my expectations. The crabs were huge and had plenty of almonds, butter and generous amounts of crabmeat on top. This dish was perfect in every way. My father went with the lamb chops with mushrooms bordelaise. As lovers of lamb, we both thought this was equally tremendous. Two nice double bone-in lamb chops cooked to perfection and complemented by that delicious mushroom bordelaise.
Sides- We shared the cauliflower au gratin and sauteed spinach. Both well done. The cauliflower in particular was great. Piping hot, bubbly cheese, so terrific.
Dessert- We came this far and couldn't pass up dessert. Banana bread pudding it was and oh myyyyyy the best bread pudding ever. Warm, gooey, banana, caramel sauce. Topped it off with some vanilla and chocolate ice cream. How could you go wrong? Two words- You can't! Also had some coffee, which my father declared the BEST coffee he has ever had. This was only the first night so we didn't know that every restaurant puts chicory in the coffee. This is what really makes it. My father now will never be able to enjoy coffee back home ever again. Every place he went he said the coffee was truly outstanding. Something he will never forget about NO is the great coffee.
Overall, Galatoire's was absolutely terrific. We didn't have to wait, had great food, great service, great experience, unbelievable. The only thing was we didn't get the "show" everyone talks about, but that is because we went on a Thursday night. We passed by on Friday the next day and glanced inside to see it was a full house.
Thanks to all for recommending Galatoire's. It is a truly fine establishment in a city with incredible food. I will definitely come again..... base on reviews , waited for more ... sorry , just my opinion ...
We ordered:
Oysters Rockefeller : did not liked , one star of five
Escargot : was very good - 5 stars
Duck crepe : just crepe with meat - 2 star
Oysters en brushete  was good : 4 of 5Does it get any better than this place? I don't think so. Came for a major birthday milestone, family and friends joined, and we all left with smiles on our faces, full stomach, and satisfied soles. Classic place, in a historic town. Will return for the next decade birthday celebration!What can I say.  I hvae eaten here a number of times - the food has always been pretty good, if not exceptional with lacklustre presentation.  But overall pleasing.  It is a noisy place - but that it part of the apparent charm.
When we arrived the haughty maitre de looked us up and down like we were riff raff off the street (ie we were tourists).  We were 2 well dressed couples so he somewhat reluctantly let us in.
Our waiter Morris was a dear old chap.  Had been at the restaurant 40 years.  He was attentetive and friendly.
Then the maitre, Joe Plaveetsky really hit his pompous stride and ruined our entire experience.  They made a major mistake with the bill.  Once it was pointed out he proceeded to argue with my wife and treated us with total disrespect.  Snatching the bill from her and flouncing off - this happened twice.
One doesnt expect things to be perfect.  But when spending $300 on lunch for 4 people a little respect would be nice.
Bottom line the food was pretty good.  But dont expect service unless you are local.  I would not recommend.One of those rare places with an ambience that a million dollars of fancy decor could not recreate elsewhere. Also, an unusually delightful lightness in the cooking, which lets the ingredients speak for themselves without being overpowered by the spices and sauces. Be warned: the dress code is strictly enforced (because of the summer heat I took my dinner jacket off halfway through my meal and was gently reminded to put it back on). Highlight of my meal was the escargots,a generous helping in melted butter. Equally perfect was my Sazerac.
P.S. Frequent mass singings of "Happy Birthday" provided free live music with my dinner ;-) Hey it's New Orleans, right?favorite: well-made drinks, my crab entree offered great big delicious chunks of fresh lump crab meat, my boyfriend's filet entree came with a well-cooked 3 inch-thick hunk of meat, crazy new orleans atmosphere in an old world setting
not so favorite: told it was a 45 min wait but when it was really just long enough for us to order a drink to bring to our table (suspicious...), too much hollandaise on my crab entree, priceyAll four of us agreed our food was "meh".  In a word - bland. Also not a fan of the ambiance. Go somewhere else for the money. $$$$3.5 stars
Visited NOLA for a nice spring weekend.  Looking forward to great food.  Galatoire's reservation was made for consideration of it's tradition -- my friend's family had come here when she was a kid.  Thought we'd give it a try.  
Our reservation was early and when we were taken to our table, we were placed in a middle room with no windows and there was not another single person in the whole upstairs area -- we felt a big isolated and it was dead-quiet.  Strange.
The space quickly filled up with big parties occupying the surrouding rooms and then it because loud very quickly.  Other parties seemed to be bachelor and rehearsal dinners.   Service was attentive but not intrusive, pretty good.
Cocktails were pretty good -- had a french 75.
Dinner:  CLASSIC new orleans fair which was basically 10 different fish varieties served with a variety of cream/butter based sauces atop.  
Should try:
- Oysters brochette:  Oysters wrapped in bacon, FRIED.  absolutely delicious.  
Pretty good:
- Pampano ala meniere topped with crawfish:  the fish was absolutely fresh and well fried/prepared.  The meniere sauce was basically butter which wasn't very inspired and made the fried fish heavier.  The crawfish on top were also soaked in butter, would have been better in a sauce.
Too heavy:
Spinach and mushroom side - doused in butter and over salted.
Dessert: 
- The bread pudding was pretty good for new orleans, better elsewhere
- Flan: pretty standard
My dinner mates had other fish preparations covered in a butter/cream sauce.  I had a bite and overall were as good as mine.
I would have rate the experience 3 stars, but gave the extra 0.5 for holding on to the classic dishes and the tradition.  Not sure if i'd return.I was so looking forward to eating at Galatoire's Restaurant.  I went there for dinner just last week.  It was a major disappointment.  The Shrimp Remoulade/Crabmeat Maison appy was so-so, the crabmeat nearly floating in mayo.  My Lemon Fish with Crabmeat Yvonne was too salty.  My sister's Petite Filet Mignon was not cooked to order.  The onions in the Potatoes Lyonnaise were burnt, while the Rockefeller Spinach was too peppery and could not be eaten.  The Chocolate Pot du Crème is served cold, while the Banana Bread Pudding was so hot it needed to cool for several minutes, although it was the best part of the meal.  Galatoire's recently made the Top Ten list of American Restaurants.  Maybe the staff knew the critic was in the house and served something really special.  While this institution is highly thought of by the locals, I would not recommend it by any means.  Yes, it is classy and old school, but that does not make the food any more palatable.I'd give it a 4.5, not "just" 4 stars.
It's everything everyone talks about - gaudy but grand, stuffy but elitist, pricey but pristine.  I wouldn't go so far as to say it's the best restaurant in the world, or for that matter, the best restaurant in the city.  It's just another big fish in this culinary sea called New Orleans.
The service is exceptional.  The wait staff seemed genuinely happy to be serving us.  Adult drinks were nice and strong, but not to strong.  Decor was old school, like fit for Huey Long.  I'm sure many of the old-timers there have been going there since the times of Huey Long.
Now the food.  It says something when I write about everything else first and the food last.  This is because the food wasn't particularly memorable.  I had a nondescript steak, whose inherent blandness was salvaged by a wonderful Bearnaise sauce.  The accompanying potatoes were delicious.  I didn't care for the banana bread pudding, but then again, I've never really liked any bread pudding.
Overall, it was a nice place to go for a nice dinner, but I won't be going back anytime soon.If i could give no stars to this awful restaurant, I would. So disappointed in the service at Galatoire's which lead to a not-so-memorable dining experience. After being seated to an empty table (no utensils, napkins, water glasses - nothing but a white table cloth), we waited for 15 minutes for anyone to come over with a menu or a simple greeting. No one arrived. One member of the party had to walk over to the maitre-d to remind him that we were there and he promised someone would be over shortly. Five minutes later we were given glasses of water by someone who hadn't introduced herself as our waiter, but rather barged into our conversation and then introduced herself as our waiter after expressing her opinion on something we were talking. Then began the most rude, most uncivilized service I've ever experienced. This is not Southern Hospitality at its' finest, but rather prejudiced, rude, and obnoxious service all while serving average tasting food. If you're not a regular then don't even bother going here. You'll be treated like second class citizens - no joke. It's quite a look into the segregated South of years past, but you have to ask yourself if those years ever did pass for the people & regulars in this restaurant. I couldn't get out of there fast enough and will never return!Lovely, cultural and historic NO restaurant. Be sure to make a reservation as they are always busy. 
Dress is smart casual - dressy. Most men wear jackets. Ladies can get away with most anything nice although I would not recommend denim anything. A bit too casual. 
The service is excellent, the food is divine, the people watching is entertaining...as are the birthday and anniversary announcements made throughout the restaurant with communal singing. 
Try:
-oysters Rockefeller as a starter
-avocado and crab salad 
-duck 
All incredible with a nice Australian Shiraz.Food was great, service was slightly disappointing. Upon arrival, the greeter was somewhat condescending and arrogant as we explained it was our first time there (we are a younger couple). They sat us right next to a huge party that was extremely loud and we could barely hear each other.  Despite many crab dishes listed on the menu, we were then told they were out of crab.  Overall the food we ate was very good, however I would not rush to return.Excellent quality, southern hospitality, charming servers, delicious food. They've maintained an environment as it was a century ago with the addition of A/C and credit card machines, but this is dining at the peak levels in an area that is mostly tourist traps.
We planned ahead and made reservations for 8 months before our visit for a Sunday brunch stop and they were more than accommodating, even having a rack of jackets available although everyone in our troupe was already properly dressed. 
The food is AMAZING and the wine list is properly suited. Do not miss this if you visit NOLA.If you want a beer hall atmosphere that advertises fine food, go to Galatoires.    This has been a favorite place for a lovely meal with reliably wonderful food for many years.    Not any more.  We will never return.
Our food was generally good (although the liver was not edible).  But our experience was dreadful.   Two tables of 10+ (who didn't even know each other). were so drunk and boisterous that people in our party could not converse with each other.   
We would have thought this was an anomaly; however, management questioned our complaint by saying , "What's wrong, you should have been here Friday night!"   As if this is usual behavior of patrons at Galatoires.   At that point we left as quickly as we could.This a bar review only: 
This is not the bar if you need the 'seen and be seen' vibe. It's upstairs, windowless, and a silver away from being a service bar. So here's the thing: it's amazing no one has been killed walking down the steps after drinking at the bar. Apparently, there has been tumbles down this 60-step flight, and the worst response was the lady calling back to ask if she left her umbrella. 
OK - the drinks. They make a damn fine vodka martini. Two different bartenders, and both were fantastic. Not too big a glass to get warm, and just a hint of vermouth. Good conversation and a great way to start the night.Predictably fantastic! Fish done to perfection. Top rate service.  Our all time favorite.WONDERFUL! I love this place. I took my date here. It was both our first visit to Galatoire's. The food, drinks and service was amazing! I am not a seafood person but the steak was so delicious. The atmosphere was wonderful and our waiter was so courteous and professional. I can't wait to come back again. (NOTE: If you are having dinner, you must wear a jacket which they have some for you to borrow if you don't have one.)Very good food, not too pricey. You must wear a sport coat or suit jacket in this restaurant. I started to take mine off and was told I must keep it on. They should have this posted at the entrance. They should also tell you when reservations are being made.It's a must when in NOLA. This is definitely not your modern minimalistic French restaurant, but not many people go to the French Quarter looking for one.  We had a pretty good idea what we would order, but at the last minute we decided we would let our waiter suggest both appetizers and entrees. Good call. We ordered an appetizer sampler that included crabs, crawfish étouffée, oysters and shrimp remoulade. It was decadent and a meal on its own. We followed with a speckled trout and a black drum. One of the best meals.Lunch for 6 people here on August 15. My worst experience at this place in over 25 years of dining here. Fried eggplant app was tasteless and accompanied by a yellow sticky dipping sauce that was bitter. The fried puff potatoes were soggy and flat as pancakes. During a 2.5 hour luncheon, the table was bused one time. One male server had on enough cologne to spread aroma wherever he walked. A water glass had crust on it. Still waiting for the bread plates. The entrees were Grade B. Wine, and wine service, were Grade A.  I find when a restaurant is half-full, as this was, the staff lose their rhythm and let things slide. That's perhaps what happened this day. It will be quite some time before I return to Galatoire's.Very good service very good food the dressing on the iceberg wedge was amazing. Would have given it 5 stars except the dress code thing (you have to wear a jacket, they'll provide one if you didn't bring one) and the entire room singing happy birthday 5 times at the request of the servers was too much. Overall very nice job though.Not sure how this place only rates 3.5 stars. Had a spectacular dinner featuring the duck crepe with dried cranberries and pistachios plus grilled trout topped with Crab Yvonne. And the service was impeccable!Party of 6 for dinner. Table was not ready for a while.  We were upstairs - nice dark wood small bar. The champagne was so flat I had to go ask the bartender to give me another new glass.  Then the table opened and seated. Mgr came by to apologize for the wait but he never offered any comp.  We lol about no lagniappe!  The trio appetizer dish with shrimp remoulade, crab maison etc was very tasty.  The potato soufflé was too dark, over fried.  Don't order the crab avocado salad with dressing on it b/c it was so heavy poured we couldn't eat it all.  Dinner main dishes were not bad. One friend loved the Crabmeat Yvonne - recommend that! Red fish was ok but left half on the plate - partly because I was full. The dessert, a bread pudding was so tough, we needed a knife to try to eat it. They nuked it obviously. The pecan pie was tasty though with the oreo cookie crust. The rudest incident was the cleaning staff rather noisily removed dishes and then dropped a dirty knife on my back which fell on the floor, not one sorry or excuse me. Unbelievable.  But the woman waitress was friendly and she did a good job so I give it 3 stars despite the lack luster food.Had a terribly rude evening at Galatoire's recently. Even with making a reservation the maitre d' seated us right at the entrance next to the window, with a wonderful view of the strip joints on this rather seedy corner of Bourbon Street. This was during an off night for them, so the restaurant, including the prime tables, were half empty.
When my dining partner decided to not sit where he thought she should (the view was not very appealing), he chosen to throw the silverware across the table rather than sitting them down in any appropriate fashion.
Five minutes later someone finally arrived with a menu. Now, a word to the menu: It's huge, but it does not have much on it. The bulk of the menu consists of sauce preparations. You basically choose your type of fish, then your sauce, in an approximation of the Chipotle style of fast food dining. 
Still, we decided on what we wanted and what we wanted to drink. 15 minutes passed and the waiter, who was busy chatting in the corner, did not return to our table. So, we did the sensible thing. We got up and left, never to return.
Save your money on this one and go around the corner to Palace Cafe or any of the other off-French Quarter restaurants. Better quality and much less of the tourist treatment.Wouldn't say it was bad, but there are definitely better spots. The first floor is supposed to be livelier spot, but wouldn't say it was anything awesome. They take reservations on the second floor, and it's definitely quieter, which my wife and I generally prefer. Great wait staff, or at least friendly. Wouldn't say they knew their drinks or food that well. In fact, I ordered what was probably in contention for the worst drink I ever had (the negroni) and when he came back to ask how it was and I told him awful, he said "yeah, I didn't think you'd like that". The bacon wrapped oysters were gross. Turtle soup had too much sherry. Redfish was flavorless. Redeemed with my wife's dishes which were gumbo (fair), and shrimp etouffee, which was pretty good. Upstairs was quiet, old, and musty. The whole men where jackets thing was uncalled for (you can get one at front door if you don't have your own, but hopefully after reading this you're not planning on going anyway)This vintage restaurant is so elegant and old. Thinking of the history of the restaurant is so enchanting. 
The food is great 
We had fried eggplant 
Shrimp remoulade
Frois Gras  
Seafood bouillabaisseAbsolutely out of this world, the wine lost was more like a book than a list, the options were nearly endless. The turtle soup was to die for. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.Known by locals as the place to go, especially if its your birthday. 
Fun place to have a group, albeit, expensive. 
I know others have their favorites, but the Poisson Crab meat Yvonne (ask for Black Drum Fish) is my all time fave. My husbands is the Rib eye Bordelaise. The Crab meat on the Poisson (fish in French for those non-Francais speakers) is divine. The cocktails are great. The waiters are a riot and informative for tourists.
Now, this place is RIGHT on Bourbon Street. 
For those folks that don't know Bourbon, there are strippers photos right on the sides of the walls of Bourbon Street, some of those places you walk by on your way to the restaurant. So...for those bringing their kiddos, there ya go, I warned y'all. 
The atmosphere is a busy one, since this place is quite popular, and a bit loud, and a bit close,  but its a great experience and a memorable one. 
If you want quiet go to The Court of Two Sisters on Royal St or Arnaud's on Bienville.Our waiter was excellent. Unfortunately the food was a great disappointment. We started with shrimp remoulade - a plate of chopped iceberg lettuce with over-cooked shrimp coated in a bland sauce. If Denny's made shrimp remoulade it would look and taste like this.
The bread was a simple baguette that was grocery store quality.  The gumbo was good, but not exceptional, as was the grilled red fish.  We passed on desert.
It is very loud but the atmosphere is fun. That and the good service from our waiter were the saving graces. But we expected far better food.On my second trip to Galatoire's I have to back off a star. If it weren't such an old school time trip, I'd take off two stars.  The ambience was a trip. The food was good but not great.
Galatoire's is a culinary museum and you have to approach it as such.  The menu hasn't changed in decades -- this what upper-class white New Orleansians ate in the 1950s. And 60s. And 70s. And 80s. and, well, you get my point.
We ordered the prix fixe menu -- presumably the best the restaurant has to offer. It was food that would have been great in 1955. Heavy. Light on spices. 
As I recall I started with seafood gumbo, my friend with turtle soup. Then very good oysters Rockefeller. (The oysters might have come before the soup.) Followed by redfish and assorted veggies, and we had bread pudding for dessert.  There may have been another dish or two in there because I think there were four or five courses.
At the end the waiter asked how everything was.  He asked, so I told him it just might be time to update the heavy bread pudding.  "But that's how we've been making it since 1905."  Just my point.
Galatoire's contacted me after I posted this review.  I had commented that I saw no black waiters.  I've deleted that from this review.  Here's their correction:
"I just want to correct you on one thing. They don't have "head waiters " there. There are only a waiter and busperson team. Galatoires has always done a good job of employing within. Dishwashers to cooks to waiters.  Currently, I believe there are over 15 minorities  working as waiters  I just wish people would not just put out info that is inaccurate on these websites." 
I stand corrected.Great experience here! The service was fabulous and the food was delicious! The atmosphere is southern charm and very up beat!! Excellent wine list as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for fine dinning in New Orleans!We went here for a 2pm lunch as a special treat while in NOLA, and we were not disappointed.  The food was great, the ambience was very old school classic, and the price wasn't all that bad either (we paid about $100 total for 3 people).
Food:
I'm vegetarian but still was able to find some things to much on, namely 3 different kinds of potatoes (hey, I love trying lots of things at new places, what can I say) - the Lyonnaise were the best, a salad (Maison) with a really really great dressing, and a grilled vegetable platter.  My boyfriend ate the creole chicken which he LOVED despite it not being as spicy as he likes things, and his mom had the grilled salmon which was cooked perfectly, crusted with seasonings.  To top it off, we shared a piece of the plain chocolate cake which was to die for, seriously. I can't even eat cake anymore unless it's THAT good.
The service was pleasant and prompt, and our waiter knew the menu well which I always appreciate.  We were sat immediately for our 2pm lunch reservation, upstairs on the 2nd floor.  (We were happy about that after passing the very loud first floor.)
So for all that food we ordered, plus a beer & a wine, it was only $100 which is a good price for such a good restaurant.  I would definitely return on another trip to NOLA!I loved this place!! So fancy! Went for a business dinner while in town. Ordered wine throughout the evening, the selection was nice. We did the oyster sampler, the oysters Rockefeller were my favorite! I had the fish of the day as an entree, it was very flavorful. Waiters were very attentive. I love how old school the restaurant is requiring men to wear jackets. Will definitely return next time I am in New Orleans.Perhaps I just ordered wrong but I was dissapointed in what I had and service was lacking. Place looked great and had charm with many waiters. I should have ordered the chargrilled oysters as they are known for them. I just had gumbo,  Bouillabaisse, and something I cannot remember that was crab meat, shrimp, etc blended in heavy mayo sauce. Not inspiringHey went there for Wife's 70 Birthday !! On Dec 22 /16 We arrived for our 8:30 PM reservation which by the way was done by my Good friend Mark ! Ok here's what happened Waiter came Drinks Ok Ordered Seafood Gumbo Waited forever ! Then finally our Entree ! It came first Salads came after ! I guess we were from France Had group of about 10 local VFW gang there for Christmas get together ! That's cool !They all wanted separate cks? Really !The restaurant wait staff were freaking out ! Also the waiter said they were out of Bread & Butter He said 1st time in 27 years that has happened Steve we cool ! Ok then they swarmed all over us Wait Staff Managers giving us Deserts Ect  Free Drinks Ect but that not a Gourmet place ?? What would you say?That was cool but my bill was $105  & felt sorry for the waiter Steve gave him $ 25 It was Christmas u know! I think they owe us a free Dinner and drinks ! I wouldn't go back there !! Would You???Last meal before the airplane home at 3.  Find the dress shirt and khakis and run the gauntlet of tuxedo clad gents at the door.  And you are there.  Folded napakins and the never ending iced tea glasses.  This is New Orleans as it was.
The service is excellent, our waiter, once he opened up was funny and somehow despite having spiked hair fit into the place.  The room is a classic having been cleaned up after the storm all white tiles and great lighting.  The happy birthday songs (two) were sung with gusto and the food is clean simple and well presented.
Tomato crab bisque was pefect, Mark and Fred's pompano was served with crab in an almondine browned butter and my drum courte bouillon was steamed to perfection and covered in simple tasty sauce that showed the holy new orleans trininty well.  (not what I thought but great anyway). Food here is what is should be not hidden.  
Then a massive thunder storm broke out and we got good and soaked before we could turn on to Iberville.  A part of the soul of the city and for all of you old souls out there not to be missed.Okay so understand this rating because I give very few 5 stars.  To break t down:
Service: 5 Stars.  We had a gentleman named Michael who was absolutely spectacular.  He introduced us to the New Orleans Fine Dining scene a la Galatoire's!  He was knowledgeable on the history of the restaurant as well New Orleans as a whole and was very up to speed on the menu and made some excellent recommendations for us.  Food: 5 Stars, as good as it gets!  Ambiance: 5 Stars.  WOW!!!!!  Go here if you get a chance. I will be back!I had an amazing experience at this restaurant.  The food was really good, but the atmosphere made the experience.  The service was spot on and mood was festive. 
You ca request your server here.  It was my first time, so I didn't make a request.  We had Trina and she was fantastic.  If you want to experience classic New Orleans dining, you must head to Galatoire'sI had the amazing fortune of being treated to dinner here several years ago. As far as I can tell, this was one of the nicest places we could have gone, definitely expensive, but if you can afford it - definitely worth it. I'll agree with the previous review about the turtle soup. It was fantastic.One of the oldest restaurants in the country and highly recommended by a born-and-raised Orleanian acquaintance, I decided to go to Galatoire's on the only evening I had to dine on my own in New Orleans. 
I was told that Galatoire's is in no means a casual restaurant and that I must dress up.  I walked from my bed-and-breakfast in Esplanade down Bourbon Street to reach the restaurant.  While it was not a long walk, it was long enough for me to walk through the zoo that is Bourbon Street and to be accosted by drunk frat boys a few times. It felt like a really bad choice on my part and I almost turned back.
However, any second thoughts I had on my way to Galatoire's were forgotten the moment I came inside.  The host and hostess were very friendly and welcomed me with the warmest smiles on their faces.  The waitress, Katherine, was very efficient and friendly. The other waiters and busboys were very pleasant, too, and seemed to get out of their way to make me feel comfortable and welcome.  It was truly appreciated on my part.  The dining room is elegant and charming, in a truly old school way (it made me want to sit up straight and keep my elbows off the table!). It never felt snobby, though, as it also seems like a "revamped" and glamourized updated version of a beignet shop, as one Yelper pointed out.
The food is traditional Creole and I see why America fell in love with this cuisine.  For the starter, I had the hearts of palm salad.  It was a very good salad and perfectly portioned -- enough to tease your palate without really making it into your stomach.  For the entree, I had the redfish meuniere amandine and it was really very delicious! I have never had redfish prior to this visit and I am a fan now.  The dish was light and buttery.  For the side, I had Spinach Rockefeller which was a little too rich for me (I know that I should have known better, what with Rockefeller in the dish name and all) but still quite tasty in small doses. And for dessert, I had the chocolate pecan pie. My, was it ever so divine! It was the perfect finish to my wonderful dinner!
This place is worth checking out. I know I would go back once I get the chance. It's a good place for a date and to meet with family and/or friends.Ah, Galatoire's.  If anything ever changed here, I think I would cry.  I hadn't been for awhile, so I don't have a regular waiter.  But that was OK.  We arrived early enough on a Sunday evening to be seated right away. Dinner was lovely with nothing rushed.  
I forwent the crabmeat sardou for the crabmeat au gratin.  yum, yum, yum.  I was even good & ordered a salad.  Cocktails were lovely & the caramel custard dessert may be better than my mother's.  Please don't let her know I said that.i'm not a big fan of a suit and tie restaurants, but this place lived up to my expectations. they even provide you with their own suit jacket if you walk in just with a shirt. and from the moment you walk in all the way to the end of your meal they are all about customer service. it's probably one of the best bouillabaise dish that i've had in a while. and my wife's shrimp clemencau was great as well. the shrimp was cooked and seasoned to perfection. i must say it was the only time i did not need to add salt or pepper on this trip. the only reason why 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the drink prices. $15 for a shot of cognac is a little too much. and it wasn't anything special it was just a remy martin vs. if you are looking for a quiet place where you can have a conversation over a great meal this is the place.The restaurant was super crowded and it's tight spacing so it wasn't perfect for a business lunch because of the noise . The food however was great , the fried eggplant was unique and tasty. I had the bistro salad which was a good light dish. I had a spicy Bloody Mary also that was really good , they didn't shortchange you on the alcohol content in it .The food at Galatoire's is pretty good but it's not intended to be cutting edge and you come here for the experience - particularly at lunch, on Fridays if possible.  If you make a reservation online you'll be upstairs which has a much different ambience - to get a table downstairs you either have to know somebody or wait in line.  That's just how it is.
I was fortunate to visit Galatoire's for Friday lunch and sit downstairs courtesy of a friend in the wine industry.  You need to be there at 11:00 but then after your name is on the list (or you can confirm it's on the list from your connection) everybody gets moved next door to the bar in what will be the new Galatoire's Steakhouse.  Must start your lunch with a cocktail at 11:15 AM of course.  At some point between 11:30 and 1:00 you meander over to the restaurant and they'll seat you where they wish - of course there are regulars who have their standard table but unless that's you it's necessary to just sit wherever you're told.  Tables are a bit tight but it's a much more social environment than I would have thought, especially by 2:00 or 3:00 after many bottles of wine are consumed.  Lunch at Galatoire's is an all day affair, the last tables are there past 4:00 while the first tables to leave appear to be around 2:30 or 3:00.  I honestly only saw one table that even had menus (they sat down in the "second shift" around 3:30) - first you need to order some Champagne and get to know your server and then by the time you're ready for food they will suggest options and you just let them start bringing out food.  But first another bottle of wine.  Then some food.  Then order more wine.  Then more food.  And more wine.  Repeat as long as you wish.  And check out the scene and the fashion.
Honestly, the food is pretty good - of course in an old school way.  If you just want the food I would suggest Hermes Bar at Antoine's where you can get a great cocktail as well as virtually the same food such as traditional gumbo, souffle' potatoes, shrimp remoulade, fried oysters, trout almondine, etc.  If you want to spend some money though and watch a combination of New Orleans Society and high-fashion individuals ejoy themselves (and get louder and occasionally more wild as the lunch goes on) then Galatoire's is your place.  It's about the people watching (or hob-nobbing if you're one of the afforementioned locals with connections) and there truly aren't too many places in the world as unique as this.  Just don't go on a budget, they've got a truly amazing wine list and you just have to go with the flow - our bill was over $1,000 for 4 people (including 3 in the wine industry so we had a lot of very good wine) and if you choose to have a Friday lunch at Galatoire's that's how you should expect to roll.  I'm a fan, for a splurge every once in a long while.  Or especially if someone else is paying.This place is an absolute trip.  A trip back in time, that is.  Not exactly the quiet dining experience that one might be looking for--its actually as close as you can come to a 19th century, Old South dining establishment without the benefit of a flux capacitor.  Every person here knows their waiter (one is asked for one's preference when one is seated--a first for me), the other patrons, and the chef (who works the dining room like a politician--kissing ladies and hugging old friends). And personal, family business is discussed loudly by all.
So, ignoring the crazed, emotional displays from the long table of LSU fans who'd been drinking since before noon (according to our perfectly wonderful waitress), we ordered a fine meal. 
Appetizers: The Shrimp Remoulade rocked, as did the Crabmeat Maison. We also enjoyed a (what else?) crab and avocado salad.
The appetizers were hard to top, but the entrees were delicious as well. The stuffed (with crab, of course) eggplant was wonderful, and my Crabmeat Au Gratin very nice (swimming in butter, but I suspect that was intentional).
The dessert was good, but I can't remember what it was because I was in a crabmeat coma.
A never-to-be forgotten evening.I don't know what it is about this establishment but it holds a special place in my heart. On my return to NOLA, I made sure this was my first stop. There's just something magical about everything here- the food, the atmosphere, the history, the whimsical and friendly staff. 
I was warmly greeted and brought the usual loaf of piping hot french bread fresh from the oven. I knew coming in pretty much what I wanted to order, however there is always some last minute "waffling" when making the final decision. Literally 5 minutes after placing my order, the appetizers hit the table.
I decided on getting the fried soft shell crab and fried eggplant for my first course. After declaring their fried soft shell crabs on my last visit one of the top 5 things I've put in my mouth, I knew I needed to taste them once again. This time, as an appetizer I received 1 huge fried soft shell crab almondine with menuiere sauce. Perfection personified in every way. Nowhere else in the world but New Orleans can you get this dish-- let alone at any time of the year. Perfectly fried, piping hot, meaty crab, and a killer buttery sauce with jump a squeeze of lemon and I was transported back to heaven just like I was two years ago. Sweet sweet de ja vu. The eggplant was excellent as well. Served with powdered sugar and bearnaise , which may seem odd but works in some crazy way.
For my main I knew I wanted some kind of fish topped with crabmeat yvonne. My waitress steered me towards the pompano, and she did not lead me astray. Again, waiting nearly 5-7 minutes after finishing my appetizer the entree would hit the table with a thud. Before she brought it to the table she informed me that the first pompano that I was supposed to get "wasn't quite up to snuff" so she refused to serve it to me. But the next one would be worth the wait. Two minutes later, I was presented the huge whole pompano filet with head and tail on covered in lump crabmeat, mushrooms, and artichokes. Again topped with lots of yummy butter sauce. This was a masterpiece in every way. The flavors are simple, however when dealing with such fine ingredients its everything you want in a fish dish. And that kind of service is something that Galatoire's hangs its hat on.
Just for good measure I had to add some sides to complete my already induglent meal. Cauliflower au gratin and lyonnaise potatoes. The cauliflower is just insane. The potatoes are tasty, but again completely unnecessary.
Coming this far, dessert had to be ordered. Again, after much contemplating betweent the sweet potato cheesecake and banana bread pudding I had to do the bread pudding. I remember how wonderful it was, and when in NOLA you can never pass up this quintessential dessert. Somehow, this bread pudding seemed LARGER than last time. Maybe because I wasn't sharing it, but it was a block of luscious goodness covered in a heaping pool of caramel praline sauce, bananas, and vanilla ice cream.
Yes and then I went to bed a happy man.Galatoire's is one of the most venerated New Orleans institutions, and as with most New Orleans institutions, it is only special once one appreciates the history and culture surrounding it.  Galatoire's does not have the best food in New Orleans by a long shot.  What it does have, though, is timeless appeal, achieved through a brightly glittering main dining room, unmatched service, and probably the largest, sassiest group of misbehaved, drunken regulars of anything remotely similar.  This is where doctors, lawyers, and other professionals gather for lunch on Fridays, where martinis are swilled, champagne bottles popped, and relationships solidified.  Often, those who are particularly enjoying themselves day drinking will stay on for a "double header" having dinner as well.
Regulars never look at the menu, and it is considered bad form to do so.  It is far better to ask the waiter or your companions what is recommended that day.
I had dinner there once, but it's been over two years and I cannot really remember exactly what my entree was. I believe it was a filet mignon with asparagus and hollandaise -- I do remember that it was incredible.
I returned last week for drinks with friends.  I had the most perfect afternoon of martinis (served with a side of garnishes including the sought after and oh so tasty anchovy-stuffed olive) and Veuve and friends and so much laughter.  And, after all, isn't that the sort of thing New Orleans is all about?Lived in New Orleans 1953-58 ---and passed by many times --- but never went in --- and to my regret.  This past April 6 I did go in and had the Remoulade --- and it was spectacular.  Such a fine taste and I don't see why they don't bottle and sell it.  Some things are always worth being shared. Galatoire's --- sorry I missed you so many times --- but glad I found you and hope to see you again.Cute little restaurant. For men jackets are a must. They won't seat you unless you are wearing one but they do give you loners if you're not prepared. The waiters all are dressed a bit old school. Loved the vibe. Steaks were good nothing amazing. Loved the bread they brought to the table. Side dishes were good as well. Definitely recommend it for the experience.This restaurant has created the blueprint for fine dining and exceptional service. The last time we dined here I had a yummy chard with my meal. Life went on and I got to thinking, damn I really liked that wine I wonder what the name was............So I called the restaurant and they actuallly kept a record of everything we had including the name of the wine.  I was so delighted.  FYI, they have a heavy hand when pouring cocktails. (which is not such a bad thing, right?)
I try to make it here everytime I come back, espically for the infamous Friday lunch.We went here on a recommendation from a regular at this establishment. We arrived dressed appropriately and were seated promptly.
 They inquired if we had a waiter, but obviously being our first visit, we did not.
After being seated, Sergio introduced himself. He appeared to seem somewhat indifferent to us. Nice, but zero personality. We ordered an appetizer and while waiting they brought some bread. One problem. No bread plates. We finally had to ask for some. Why? We are paying good money for a dining experience  and this was unacceptable. 
I ordered the crawfish ettoufee and it was disappointing as well. Flavorless gruel with a dollop of rice. 
As we were having our dinner my wife's water remained dry for ten minutes. I even shared mine with her and finally had to once again, ASK for water. This despite having a water decanter on the table.
There are many other excellent restaurants in NOLA and I would recommend some other place to dine, especially at this price.Wonderful!!! A real local New Orleans experience. Sit on the first floor if you can. I've been going here since I was a kid. Had our own waiter and everything. Some of the best food in the City. The Shrimp Clemenceau is amazing. Everyone must eat here at least once.This is definitely a place that has a reputation as being historic. The problem with that is that it was very dated. While the menu was extensive and the wait staff attentive, the ambiance was lacking and the amount of dust and cobwebs in the place was very disturbing. The entree I had was just ok. VERY heavy on the bechamel cream, so much so that the crabmeat was totally lost when it should have been the star of the show. I can say I've been.....but I won't be back.After eating in 10 different restaurants we were game to try another of New Orlean's best.
Unfortunately, this restaurant left a lot to be desired. Welcome to Touristviille.
Atmosphere     75     No different that most of the other restaurants
Service            65      Our waiter was no where to be found
Food               70       Forget about it. Don't try the turtle soup!
Value              65       It is all in the name. The food stunk.
Very disappointed since our arrival  my wife and I have been arm wrestling with the lack of quality of the food in the French Quarter. We both agree, it is all a show for the tourists and the locals must eat some where else..Not the same restaurant. Went this past Friday. Slimmed down menu. No crabmeat. Every waiter told their table a different story about the crabs - floods, chef rejected the delivery, etc. 
Been going there for 40 years, but never ever seen it so  discombobulated. Sad.Great dinner and wine. The service was excellent and made it feel like a special event.
I would highly recommend everything on the menu.
Cant wait to go back!!!This places was awesome - we really wanted to do the Friday lunch but we couldn't wait on the line all morning so we did dinner instead. We told our waiter to surprise us and to choose the meals for us. He came out with some top-notch dishes. We had turtle soup, trout, blackened red fish (best thing to get), and lamb. Finished it up with bread pudding and pecan pie. One of the better meal experiences in NOLA and a must see if in town for a few days.0 stars-RUINED MY BIRTHDAY!
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! 
If you are celebrating something special like your birthday go anywhere but here. 
The food was great but NOLA has an abundance of great restaurants and really the difference is customer service, don't waste your time. Our waitress was incredibly unfriendly and ready to go home. We got butter without bread, appetizer with our cold soup... finally got napkins once our appetizer was almost over and then we were immediately served our dinner as if we were at a fast food restaurant. 
If you want 5 star go to commanders. If you want to be treated terrible then you are at the right spot. 
Thanks for the worst birthday dinner. 
If it would let me do zero stars I would but then I couldn't post the review, which is much more important.Galatoire's is a nice restaurant in the heart of Bourbon street.  It has a smaller dining area than I was expecting, and it wasn't very busy on a Wed evening. Our waiter was knowledgeable and pleasant, but the service wasn't as frequent as it should have been. 
We each started with a cup of seafood gumbo which was rich and full of seafood. It was pleasantly thicker than some N.O. gumbo. Then I had a bistro salad and my companion had the shrimp remoulade.  The salad was adequate for a side salad but tasted a little plain as neither the blue cheese nor dressing had much flavor. The remoulade wasn't spicy but was full of shrimp.
Like most high-end New Orleans restaurants you will have to pay handsomely to leave feeling full. This is a full a la carte restaurant where you pay for the fish, the sauce/topping, and the vegetables separately. I ordered the sautéed trout with burre blanc sauce plus creamed spinach. The trout was a mild fish and the sauce was tasty. My companion had the roasted duck plus broiled tomatoes. While it was a decent sized piece of duck with a sweet sauce, it was served too long out of the oven and was no longer hot.
For dessert we each had sorbet. Overall it was an average meal at an above average price. It wasn't crowded enough to feel this is a happening place, but being on Bourbon street is nice.There's little to add to what's been said about Galatoire's over the years by Yelpers and pre-Yelpers. It's still a classic dining experience, one of the finest establishments in a city full of them. In some years -- when perhaps the chef changes -- there are some bumps. But Galatoire's avoids most of them. It justifiably prides itself on the excellence of its food and service, and now there's even a choice of atmospheres.
Downstairs is no-reservations, old-time New Orleans casual, noisy, smoking permitted. Upstairs is a quiet, chic, no-smoking haven so far removed from the hustle of Bourbon Street that you'd never know you're dining a few steps away from a strip club. We like the upstairs. We like the no-smoking. We like David, the smart, veteran server up there. But really, whatever choices you make, once you're inside, you've made the right one. We're partial to turtle soup, pompano, gumbo and whatever the clever bartender thinks up. We're pretty sure you'll like it, too. And did we mention that the price of this fine dining is quite moderate? Whatever, it's a terrific New Orleans experience.
May Galatoire's continue for another 150 years, or so.OMG - what a great Friday Lunch experience and the perfect way to kick off a weekend in NOLA.  Be prepared to arrive early, wait in line, spend some time in a fantastic bar and then languish your way through a fantastic lunch.  Hats off to our waitress Shannon who guided us thru what turned out to be a four hour lunch!  Red Fish sautéed with a lemon caper sauce was sublime.I'm a little bit surprised that Galatoire's doesn't have a slightly higher rating on here. But I guess some may see it as a tourist trip or expensive or annoying to get to (if your'e not one of the aforementioned tourists, that is). But for me, this place is legit. It's easy to see why it's a NOLA institution that should be appreciated by all. They definitely got a new fan in me.
I made my inaugural visit for a private party in the Wine Room upstairs. It was a little bit of a different experience than in the main dining room, I suppose, but the food was still the same. Everything we had was spot on -- the souffled potatoes, all kinds of oysters, shrimp remoulade, filet, etc. My only complaint was that they never asked me how I wanted my steak done and it came out a little too rare for my taste. But I traded with my friend who wanted hers less done, so it all worked out.
The service was impeccable and we really enjoyed having access to the balcony, especially when the Krewe of Thoth's mini parade rolled down Bourbon. I even caught some beads.
I'll start saving up now for my next visit.I always enjoy my trips to New Orleans and visit a different restaurant each time.  This was my first trip to Galatoires.  It was everything you come to expect from dining in a town that is so rich in culinary history and trends.  The service, the food and the atmosphere (lively) was all very grand.  Jackets were required, but the mood is anything but stuffy.  The Red Fish Amandine was perfect.  The patrons of all ages were having a great time and the entire restaurant sang with the staff for each birthday and anniversary that was announced.  Visiting the French Quarter, do yourself a favor and try Galatoires....  You will be glad you did.Talk about class and sophistication. From the moment we walked in until the moment we left we were treated so well. They set the bar on how a staff should operate a restaurant. The friend oysters with bacon were out of this world along with the shrimp remoulade and fresh crawfish app. The Trout almondine was first class along with the half portions of the crawfish etofuee  and crawfish and hollandaise. Jackets required for men. Top notch. 5 stars. Kudos to the team at Galatoires!Had dinner Saturday night. wonderful food and service as always. Been coming here for 40 years when I'm in N.O. Great place to experience a slice of old N.O. history and people watch. Thank God for the permanence of N.O. institutions.Galatoire's doesn't really live up to the hype, but it's solid.  We started with the Duck crepe, which my companions loved, but I was a bit disappointed in. Granted, we split one crepe 6 ways, so it's hard to judge from the 1 bite I had.  We also had the Galatoire Gouté, which had 3 different dishes on it - we really enjoyed this, and I would recommend it for groups.
I had the Crabmeat Yvonne for my entree - it was delicious, but kind of one note. By the end of the dish, I was kind of craving some kind of contrast.  We also had several side dishes we ordered for the table, including creamed spinach, Potatoes au gratin, and cauliflower au gratin - all were fine, none were stand out.  
I also sampled my girlfriend's Turtle soup, which was very good, but not mind-blowing good as I had heard. 
One thing I have to say is that Galatoire's seems to be renowned for their service, and our service was some of the worst I've had at a restaurant of this stature.  Our server constantly disappeared (from the time we decided we were ready to leave to the time we were able to leave was almost 30 minutes - we couldn't find him to get the check) and we had to seek out another server for silverware for 2 of our companions who'd had theirs taken when the appetizers were cleared.  He had a good personality, but he was far from "on the ball."Amazing authentic New Orleans cuisine. The chicken creole was delicious and the Bloody Mary was best in town.
Great service and decor in this must go to restaurant in New OrleansI came to New Orleans for a Mardi Gras debutante ball and had the "day-after" lunch here.  Overall, I can say that I will undoubtedly return to the Big Easy with this on the itinerary.  The physical ambiance isn't nearly as high-class as the attitude--with understated Victorian-parlor decor, the initial impression is not of grandeur.  However, with a very strictly enforced dress code and an exclusive clientele, Galatoire's represents a certain Old World charm...the well-dressed customers give an air of sophistication to the bustling streets of Downtown.
Seriously, though.  No toying with the dress code. My sweatervest and button-down ensemble was among the shabbiest of attires sported.
The food is otherworldly.  For those who like oysters, this locale boasts some of the best in all of New Orleans.  The escargot was also exquisite--tasting as if in the finest of Parisian venues.  Be adventurous--this place is a good one to branch out on.  My personal favorite was their shrimp etouffee--a Cajun classic.
My first trip to New Orleans was scarred by eating at a back-alley (which are supposed to be good, right?) eatery which served aquarium-tasting seafood.  When in New Orleans, don't risk it.  Do as the New Orleanians do.  Get dressed in your Sunday best and make  reservation at exclusive Galatoire's for an undoubtedly memorable experience.I will never go back to Galatoire's.  As far as I am concerned, they rely completely on tourists who don't appreciate the old New Orleans restaurants as they once were, with fine service, an elegant ambience, and delicious food.  Galatoire's has none of the above.  We should have turned and run as soon as we walked in.  It has the atmosphere of a Farrell's ice cream parlor, complete with bright lights, ice cream chairs, and an all-restaurant sing-along (with someone who made the announcement and played tambourine) for everyone who is celebrating any kind of special occasion.  When I asked the waiter for a black napkin, he told me that I didn't need one because their napkins are polyester.  In addition, the waiter was in a big hurry for us to order.  The turtle soup to start was ok, but the food went downhill from there.  The signature stuffed eggplant was so full of bread that I couldn't taste anything else.  My husband's crab au gratin (the waiter's suggestion) was oily and had very little crab.  Our daughter had a plain salad, which was the best dish at our table.  Needless to say, we skipped dessert.  We were there under 45 minutes.  So much for fine dining!
I will NEVER go there again!!!!We came for a late Sunday evening dinner at Galatoire's and had a high quality dining experience. We had reservations at 8:30, but the main dining room was about half empty so we were seated there. The hostess, our waiter, and the rest of the staff were all phenomenal. 
For drinks, we had the Galatoire's milk punch with brandy. Solid dessert drink, but I didn't mind sipping on it throughout the entire dinner. The classic cocktails were only $8 (which, to a New Yorker, is a steal).
We started with the Turtle Soup and Duck and Andouille Gumbo. I would say I preferred the Gumbo, which was more hearty and flavorful. I thought the beef overpowered the turtle meat in the soup. Although if you've never had Turtle Soup, it's definitely worth a try.
On to the main course, my girlfriend ordered the Stuffed Eggplant, which was full of shrimp and lumpmeat crab and breading. I thought it was delicious and definitely worth getting if you're fond of eggplant. I was feeling fish and something simple, so I ordered the Black Drum with Meuniére sauce. The sauce was very interesting, to say the least. It had a burnt nutty taste and aroma, and a faint sweet, almost chocolate or coffee aftertaste. The fish was very tasty and lightly breaded, and the mild flavor of the fish paired nicely with the distinctive sauce. 
For dessert we had a slice of the Black Bottom Pecan Pie, which was pretty good. The best way to describe this is a standard rich Pecan pie with an Oreo crust. Nothing super special to write home about, but a solid dessert choice.
All-in-all, Galatoire's lives up to its hype and expectations and certainly deserves its reputation and a giant in New Orleans culinary culture.They do allow walk ins, but we had a reservation.  We got there 10 minutes prior to our reservation and they seated us at the upstairs bar.  We aren't bar sitter, and didn't enjoy the servers scurrying by us and the crash of dish stacking behind the bar area. Pretty nice décor, windows onto Bourbon street allowed all the street noise to make it hard to hear my husband talk to me. The Galitor's  Gaute appetizer was shrimp and crab salad appetizer was absolutely delicious, they allowed me to omit the clams.
The green salad with garlic and hearts of romaine salad were okay. The sautéed mushrooms were delicious.  The spinach Rockefeller had a soft texture, and unpleasing look and taste, it looked like something skimmed off a stagnant pond.  My steak was perfectly medium and delicious.  My husband ordered his filet well done, it came rare.  He tried to eat it, but after a couple of bites it was just raw.  They took it back and it cam back like shoe leather, he couldn't cut it.  He didn't eat most of his steak and we left, they took $20 off the bill.  The high light was the Galitre's Gaute and the server.  I have forgotten his name, but he was personable and a read asset to the restaurant.Our party of 4 had reservations on 3/10 at 6:30. This was not my husband's and my first time but it was a first for our guests. We had raved about the elegant service, quiet lovely rooms upstairs. What a terrible experience it turned out to be. First we were seated at a table in the corner near the exit door which in a way turned out to be a good thing because the noise level was so bad that night in the upstairs dining rooms it would have been impossible to talk if we had been in the middle of the room. Then our waitress - who had the personality of a door knob - informed us that there was no crab that night - she went on to say the reason was because crab was not being harvested in Louisiana at this time! She just flat out lied to us! Just the night before we had a lovely meal at Antoine's with wonderful fresh lump crab and the next night we had great crab again at Tomas Bistro! I notice another review on 3/5 by Shea L stated they were "out of crab" that night too. When 3/4 of your menu is crab this is totally unacceptable! Between the lying rude waitress and the noise level our guest suggested we just get up and leave and go somewhere else but after considering that we could all find an adequate entree even without the crab decided to stay. Asked for help with selecting a wine. The gentleman who came said he was not the regular Sommelier but he would give it a shot...are you kidding me?? The two stars is for the excellent fish I selected but a couple of the entrees where just ok. No stars for service, noise level, lying about the lack of crab on the menu and the sour waitress. I highly recommend Antoine's or Tomas Bistro over this one!Went for a Christmas party, was not impressed at all.
My first gripe is about the drinks. I had the worst Sazaracs and old fashioneds I've ever had there. You'd assume that such an iconic New Orleans restaurant on Bourbon street would have their cocktail program on lock. I moved on to wine after how disappointing the cocktails were. They weren't even mediocre, they were TERRIBLE!
We were with a large group so there was a prix fixe menu. The salad was dressed with an ultra garlicky dressing, the fish (grouper I think) was just ok, served with bland steamed asparagus. I don't even remember what was for dessert, but it wasn't memorable.
The stars are for ambiance, it was nice to have a drink on the balcony after dinner. I would not return.Wife and I went to Galatoire's on our last night in New Orlean's. The service was sub par for a restaurant that demands a gentleman to wear a jacket to dinner. We waited fifteen minutes for a bus boy to bring water to our table and our server was decent. The drinks were phenomenal and the food was good not great but good. I felt that this place was more of a tourist trap than a New Orlean's institution.My husband and I came here all the way from California for his birthday. Firstly, we did make reservations and were seated promptly. The hostess at the front door however seemed really stuck up and did not have even a hint of if a smile on her face. No hello, just ' do you have a reservation.' Once seated, we ordered our drinks but had to ask for menus. The waitress was very polite and did apologize. And actually I really liked her, she was genuinely friendly. The food was good too. My other issue with this place was how cramped it felt. The tables were squeezed so close together that I had to basically brush up against other guests to get up. Also very noisy, I felt like I really had to raise my voice to be heard. All in all this place is just hyped up. All their strict dress codes  and they pack us like sardines in a can. LOl. I'd rather eat at Commander's which has a friendly hostess and a calmer atmosphere and not cramped.I've had lunch here twice, and it's something you need to do at least once in your life. Amazing food, excellent service and a boisterous atmosphere for such a fancy place. Birthdays, anniversaries and proposals are routine occurrences but always enthusiastically celebrated by the staff and the entire dining room. The first time I went, a brass band even weaved its way through the restaurant, inspiring clapping, handkerchief waving and dancing among the patrons.
As for the food, my favorites are the duck crepe, the green salad with garlic and the souffle potatoes with bearnaise sauce. It's best to ask your waiter what fish is most fresh and to recommend garnishes-they won't steer you wrong. I love their house cocktail, a delicious twist on the classic Sazerac.
Galatoires live up to the hype in every sense. Find a way to get yourself there when you're in town.Outside of the turtle soap there wasn't much to be impressed by. I can't see myself ever going back. The staff seemed fine but the meal left something to be desired. It's possible we hit them on a bad day.Upon announcing our trip to the Superbowl XLVII in New Orleans, this restaurant came highly recommended. I wasn't thrilled about getting dressed up and then walking down Bourbon Street in my heels, but it was all worth it when we walked into the restaurant!  The crazy partiers were turned away due to the nature of their dress.  If you didn't have a sport coat on - you weren't dining with them tonight.  We were seated right away and the food was great!  It was a little loud for there were large parties gathered, (superbowl), but I could still hear myself think.  The wait staff were polite and very prompt with any requests.  And of course, the food.  Simply Amazing! Everything cooked perfectly, just as it was ordered.  Highly recommend!
This place definitely gave NOLA a new light in my book!A classic. My dad grew up eating here twice a week in the 50s and 60s. Show up for an early dinner if you don't want to wait too long and try to eat downstairs (where they don't take reservations) for a more local scene. Ridiculously rich food (stuffed eggplant is infarct inspiring). Oysters Rockefeller by far the best of what we had (crabmeat sardou, oysters en brochette, potatoes lyonaisse, broccoli hollandaise and oysters rockefeller). Well-mixed, strong basil hayden old-fashioned.I had very high hopes for Galatoire's based on previous reviews & its Zagat rating. We arrived dressed up - me in the same outfit I wore to the French Laundry and my husband in a jacket (unlike the couple that walked in before us) - and were quickly shown to a table at the very back of the restaurant, next to the bar and kitchen walkway. It was away from a screeching child, so I couldn't complain too much but obviously not an ideal seat in the dining room. 
Prior to going, we had read that instead of trying to figure out the menu you should defer to the experienced waiter's recommendation based on him asking you what you like. This is where things went downhill. 
We figured out very quickly what appetizer we wanted so that wasn't a problem but the waiter wanted us to order our full meal having only had the menu for a minute or two. We asked what he recommended for a main meal and he started pushing the app (that we were already going to order) and some potato souffles. We didn't want to be full before the meal even arrived so we passed on the potatoes and he seemed offended somehow. We ordered sazeracs and he spent a lot of time explaining to us what they were even though we told him we'd already had them. [Note: they put ice in theirs.] When we asked for a main course recommendation he seemed flustered at having to talk through the menu, stuttering and fumbling his way through the conversation. The only dish he kept pushing was the trout almondine, which sounded good, but he didn't tell us about anything else. The waiter two tables over was giving very detailed and crisp descriptions to his table. I wish we could have heard him better. Based on his descriptions we said we weren't ready to order yet and needed some more time with the menu. He said okay and walked away. And then our appetizer came while our menus were still on the table. And they stayed on the table for a long time while we waited for him to come back. We were done with the appetizer before he even took our main entree order - trout almondine and a crab dish with hollandaise, bechemel, and green onions. The waiter said he liked that one and it was a good choice. I hoped so because that was all I had to go on. We also ordered asparagus so that we could get some vegetables in. He kind of sneered at that, but whatever.
Our food comes and the trout almondine is beautiful. The crab dish is a pot of lump crab met literally swimming in a rich thick gravy like sauce. It tasted good but WHO EATS THAT MUCH SAUCE? The asparagus was cold and had probably been steamed and then put in an ice bath several minutes before.
At the end of our meal, he finally comes back and asks us if we want dessert. We don't because of how rich and filling the food was. He actually huffed as he walked away. He brought us our check, literally putting just a piece of paper on our table and walking away. I'm at a five star establishment and you can't even bother to put that damn piece of paper in one of those leather portfolios? I know you have them BECAUSE WE'RE SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO THE REGISTER. 
At that point I wanted nothing more than to get out of there. It was clear that our waiter wanted us gone and was making no effort to hide it. We were spending over $100 on a meal and he couldn't be bothered to even pretend to do his job? Because of him I spent my last 20 minutes in Galatoire's wishing I had kept our reservation at Muriel's instead. (We had Sunday brunch there and everything about that meal surpassed Galatoire's in every way.)
Like I said at the beginning of this review, I've eaten at the French Laundry and several high-end restaurants in San Francisco and Oakland which is to say that we're not new to fine dining. We love food and can usually have a great meal in any location, in any circumstance, but I have NEVER had service this poor in a restaurant with such a stellar reputation. In fact, I had better service at Cafe du Monde than I did at Galatoire's. I just wish I could remember the name of the waiter so that you could avoid him at all costs. Because of him I will never recommend this restaurant to anyoneA old fashioned jewel in the middle of Bourbon St. No doubt what's considered the best local food in New Orleans will be forever debated by denizens and tourists alike, but Galatoire's is excellent.
The turtle soup, oysters rockefeller and filet mignon are what I gleefully indulged in, topped off by a bananas foster style bread pudding.
Impeccable service, brilliant food.My husband and I both had steaks. I had the filet and he had ribeye. Both were cooked PERFECT!!!! Collards were excellent as was the wedge salad. Would definitely go back.Occasionally everything aligns and you experience the perfect meal.  Of course this depends upon what you order and if in fact that selection is fresh and the chef is ON.  Tonight was our night.  Soft shell crab, Crab Maison, Lamb Chops were all perfect.
I've been coming since I wore shorts with my jacket.  Now I'm in my late 50's taking my oldest daughter, my wife of thirty years and my Mother who made me wear those gawdawful knickers those many years ago... the pain still lingers, but I have forgiven her.  I have had some great meals and some that were just okay, but tonight it all clicked.  And after talking to the business community and other who specialize in extended lunches, it obvious that Galatoire's is serving more great meals then mediocre.  Friday lunch is especially busy with the NOLA cafe society - and what a perfect spot to enjoy a three hour lunch.  Yes, nothing cutting edge, but steeped in the classics.Two words: Friday lunch. It's worth the wait in the morning to snag a highly coveted table downstairs. Love the old school vibe of the room and the service is top-notch. We were lucky to have a band come through during our lunch, and that made the experience all the more special. Our favorite menu items were the Crabmeat Maison and the fried oysters. The Sazeracs are delicious, and be sure to have your group order the Café Brulot to cap off your meal. Next time I go, I will skip the entrees and just have appetizers, salads, and--of course--drinks. TGIF, y'all!Food was ok and service was poor.  I would not recommend this restaurant especially in a city with so many fabulous restaurants.The quality of the cooking and its presentation is among the best in New Orleans.  The service is also on par with the best in New Orleans.  This is a popular spot for the movers and shakers of New Orleans, and you will get the royal treatment if you are one of them or are with them.  You have to be recognized.  If not, the service will become below average and you will be seated insuboptimal places.  If you are voyeauristic this can be entertaining.  If you feel good about yourself and want to experience good service then I would dine somewhere else.  The dress code and attitude just becomes a hassle if your standards are higher.  There are other fine places nearby that will treat you like royalty even if they don't recognize you.Inattentive service -- they take the silverware off the table after each course (a good thing), but if you want more silverware for the next course you have to ask for it (not so good). They don't bring you all the food you order (good only if you are trying to lose weight). 
Wine list is impressive. The fact that they did not have in stock most of the wines we ordered -- not so impressive. 
They bill themselves as a fine dining experience, worth the price. Maybe this was true once upon a time, but it has become a beer hall atmosphere for well-heeled frat boys. Loudmouth drunks being encouraged by the management to drink more and shout louder under the guise of "let's get this party moving."  Maybe this is what they had to do to survive post-Katrina. But all they have done is import the cheap, crass atmosphere of Bourbon Street and brought it inside what was once a fine establishment. Quoth the Raven: "Nevermore."Came here for our anniversary and it did not disappoint. Skip was our server and he was FANTASTIC. It is a tad loud but that didn't even register as a complaint for us. The oyster Rockefeller were generously portioned and the drinks were never empty. The drum and redfish entrees were sublime. We had a fantastic evening thanks to Skip and the rest of the staff at Galatoires.2 stars because the potatoes tasted like diners, shrimp was tough. Main course was good (fish with crab meat) but the meal was do tiny. The coffee was bad, tasted not fresh. All this with a hefty price tag. And the maitre de was an arrogant ass.This is a good steakhouse but our waitress was not the greatest. I ordered the French onion soup for my entree & she forgot the soup & brought out the filet mignon, that I ordered for my main course. Eventually I did get the soup after I had eaten my steak. I also ordered steamed broccoli on the side because the filet does not come with any side dish. She forgot the steamed broccoli. She did apologize & brought us a perfiterole for desert but she did charge us for the broccoli which we never got. She also forgot the bernaise sauce for the steak. The food was delicious but the service could have been much better. I'm sorry that I gave her a good tip, I should have stuffed her for the lousy service.We looked forward to a special dinner here, but were greatly disappointed. From the moment the host greeted us on the 2nd floor reception area our experience went downhill.  The host was not friendly or even courteous, followed by our server not being knowledgeable of the menu or good at making suggestions or being attentive, and the food was unremarkable.  The crab dishes were uninteresting and the bread pudding dessert which is a specialty was almost inedible because the bread was too tough to chew. The room was extremely noisy to the point of not being able to hear each other at our table. We had much better experiences at other restaurants. Years ago we had a great dinner here, but obviously they have lost interest in being a fine dining experience.Galatoire's was on my list of recommended "go-to" places for New Orleans. Upon arriving to the city, my mother and I headed there for lunch. The restaurant has a very vintage feel to it, like most other buildings in the French Quarter. 
The whole first floor is currently booked out due to Mardi Gras events. Luckily, there is also an upstairs seating section. Up to this point, I have nothing bad to say about the restaurant. 
However, I notice that all eyes are on us as my mother and I are lead to our table. The guests are predominantly white; they seemed shocked--repulsed even--that Asians were dining among them. The table of two girls next to us turned around as we were seated. There was even the occasional glare or odd look from a table or two. Never have I felt this way in a restaurant before. It is the 21st century and the customers here are still living in the Old South Era. 
In addition to the guests, the waiter also treated us indifferently when we only ordered an appetizer + entree for the two of us to share. He seemed almost appalled that we would *only* order two items from the menu. 
Galatoire's is the place for good food, though a tad bit pricey. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for dining place with atmosphere. Regardless, the service and discriminatory looks from guests and waiters results in only 2 stars from me. 
Basically, YOU WILL ONLY BE ACCEPTED IF YOU ARE WHITE.I order the Shrimp Vin and it was disgusting so I then switched it for the Shrimp Creole which was no better. Nice setting terrible food. Theres too many good restaurants in the area to eat here. Service was ok not greatGranted, I'm biased because I'm in the family blood line.  But there's just no other place like it.Just OK and I agree with many on here that say this place gets by on its history and its pretentiousness. 
Not one of us were overly impressed with our food. My turtle soup was good but not hot enough and the same can be said for the duck. Maybe the walk from the kitchen downstairs to our corner table up in the funeral parlor cooled them off, who knows?
After an initial hiccup - it took about 20 minutes just to get a few menus, the service was great, perhaps too attentive. 
Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll be sure to go elsewhere as I had better meals at other restaurants and was wanting to try at least a handful more.A true New Orleans institution that lives up to its billing.  The food is exceptional (try the fried eggplant appetizer and definitely listen to your server's advice as to dipping sauces) and the service is the perfect blend of unobtrusiveness coupled with helpful suggestions.  Ask for Shannon as a server; she was exceptional.Favorite for a date night. Food is excellent, and service is just as great! They always make you feel so special. I recommend the fried eggplant & the Chicken Bon Femme. A little pricey, but that is expected. Great for locals, but tourists might not understand the atmosphere or appreciate the cuisine & experience.Put this place out of its misery. It deserves to be let go. The food is awful and uninspired. The staff wasnt much better.Dinner and drinks with a colleague. We are seafood lovers and it was okay. First we both had a shrimp appetizer. Then as a main course I had a cajun shrimp and crab dish which was good, but not exciting and it tasted just like the appetizer. (Both were recommended by the waiter as a good combination.) 
My friend had a fish of the day which was very good according to his comments, but the crab topping was just okay. My friend grew up in Annapolis, Maryland so his crab standards are too high for most. 
Dining room is very noisy. Service was excellent.
Funny - Jacket required! My colleague took off his jacket and the host came over and requested that he keeps his jacket on.It may not be the absolute BEST food in New Orleans but Galatoires is the BEST classic restaurant in New Orleans. You can eat anywhere you like but until you have had dinner downstairs on a crowded night at Galatoires you havent really done New Orleans. May your good times always roll!4 for food but 2 for service. We really enjoyed most of our meal. Smaller, reasonable portions than the super sized meals that we normally get in the US. Don't waste your time of the potato soufflé or puffs or whatever they were called. Perhaps our order came from different batches but half were borderline burned and even the ones that were not were disappointing. I'm surprised they were served. Our waiter although sufficient, was possibly one of the least engaging waiters we've ever had at a fine dining establishment. No personality and just did the bare minimum of his job. We found the ancillary staff to be much more engaged and fun and wished one of them was our waiter. We would go back because of the food and overall atmosphere but insist on a different waiter.The seafood was delicious and classic. The place itself is very historic feeling and interesting. The service was spectacular. We went for a business lunch and it was perfect.Such a sad dent in my wallet for eh food. Maybe I didn't order the right dishes, but what I ate left a lackluster taste in my mouth. I came for lunch and I think my friend and I overdressed. It says suit jacket required online, but once we walked in we saw people dressed in casual attire. Argh! That was the third outfit change we had to make to accomodate our surroundings. First off, the decor is very old and classic of the early 1900s- the floor tiles, the wallpaper, the light fixtures. It was stepping back into the past. There was a bridal shower going on at that time with 20 something people. We had servers' butts in our face, one even brushed up against our bread (which btw are amazingly good- the bread not the butt grazing our bread). It was loud and since the building is old the acoustics just made everyone seem even louder.
We had the andouille sausage and rabbit gumbo, shrimp Étouffée, creamed spinach, and the specialty drinks. Besides the gumbo, creamed spinach, and complimentary bread- everything was meh. The etouffee was bland and watery. It was basically shrimp swimming in brown liquid and a spoon scoop of rice. The drinks were really stiff and tasted like cough syrup. The gumbo had a decent flavor and the creamed spinach was good. It wasn't enough to ever have me back again...So sad I really wanted to like this place.Went here on Father's Day (as well as for many other previous occasions) but felt like I should write a review this time around. Let me just say in a city like Nola, I feel there is no excuse for bad attitudes or pretentiousness when it comes to restaurants. Galatoires is not the best food in nola, but they sure do act like it. Don't get me wrong - I've never had a bad meal there. But I also have never had a bad meal at Superior or Domenica for well under half the price of Galatoires.No complaints on the food or the service, but - Not good for groups! Came in with a big crew of industry colleagues and the waiters looked at me like I had two heads when I explained we'd all be expensing our tabs individually. It's a historic/well-known establishment on Bourbon Street in walking distance to the convention center and all the big hotels - how in the heck could they have not had groups in here before?! Was a nightmare when the check came.This was NOT as pleasant experience as I was hoping for.  Me and my wife came here for a special occasion-btw noone took note of it-and kept it for a last evening in New Orleans.  Being from NYC, we know what a restaurant of the level these guys are trying to be, should feel like.  Our waiter, showed no interest in making our stay pleasant.  We had to ask to hear the specials for the evening, as he had no intentions to offer any suggestions.  To come during the appetizers to ask if everything is "great" is not the way to ask if I am enjoying my meal. In fact, NO, it was not great, the food was over-salted, the fish was dry and his attitude was barely a one-star. The only reason I give this place a two-star, is because of the white-jacket team, as they came after our meal to thank us for visiting.  Note to  MNGMT: In the restaurant of this level, please do not bring change (coins) to the table, either round it up or down, as it is not a good tone. Either way, there are plenty other great restaurants in this town of the same level.This is my happy place. Put on a suit or a nice dress, wait in line, and don't look at the menu. Ask the server what they would suggest today, and have some faith. They will guide you to what is great and fresh. 
One thing not to miss, though, is the appetizers. Souffle potatoes and Fried eggplant with powdered sugar are divine, but I daydream far too often about the full Goute: crabmeat maison, bacon-wrapped fried oysters, and shrimp remoulade. This single dish is worth the trip to New Orleans from wherever you may be coming from. 
Above all - trust your waiter.I'm a local but somehow had managed to never go here before. It was my boyfriend's birthday, and my dad took the three of us out. Right off the bat, we could tell it wouldn't be great. We walked in and the hostess or manager, a woman maybe in her late 30s, didn't even greet us. She just stood there without saying so much as "Hi." We had a reservation and she led us into the first floor dining room, which is usually for walk ins. The room was incredibly loud and she sat us at a table that wasn't even set yet (no silverware, etc). We asked her to be sat upstairs since we had a reservation and she told us to just walk up without so much as leading the way.
Upstairs was much nicer and the service in general was decent. Not great, not terrible. We were immediately given the wine list and dinner menus. I'm used to in fine dining ordering your drink first and having that come before being rushed a dinner menu. 
Food came and the escargots were overcooked and rubbery. I wasn't offered any sherry with my turtle soup. We were made to bag our own left overs at the table. At fine dining, the server should definitely do that for you. Again, food was good, not great. For $100 a head, at least one thing should stand out as great,
The last kicker -- my dad and boyfriend both got food poisoning the next day! I know the restaurant will claim there's no way to prove it came from them, but I'm certain it came from the lump crab meat. That was the only thing that they both had that I didn't.  
The few good things: Steak was cooked perfect, the waiters sang happy birthday for my boyfriend and brought out a comped desert, and the back waiters were very friendly.