very fresh raw oysters , taste sweet. Fried oyster is nice. Cajun chicken is tender and juicy. Server isn't friendly as we thought.Landed and needed food! This place was awesome. Oysters were fantastic and the salmon was fresh and tasty.  The bartender made perfect craft cocktails and was very friendly and engaging. Great first dining experience in New Orleans.First of all, I loved the atmosphere of this place. As we walked in the hostess was just jamming out to the music and I thought it was awesome. The restaurant wasn't packed because we went at like 8 PM, or so. We sat down and their menu wasn't extensive (which I personally think is a plus, because nobody needs 100 options) however, if you're in the mood for salads/poboys or steak or pasta, you'll find that here. The drinks were inexpensive, I got a Bloody Mary for $3.99 which you won't find ANYWHERE in New Orleans. I've paid $20 for a Bloody Mary before. I've been on the search for the best Bloody Mary, and this one would probably be in my top 3 (and I've had a lot.) The food came out and it wasn't over the moon. My pasta tasted watered down, and my friend didn't even get a side he ordered. I will say the waitress did take off the side he was charged for without any hassle. 
If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant, with good drinks, and good food, and quick service. Enjoy this restaurant.Wow, just wow! What a wonderful surprise! My daughters and I had dinner at Gallier's last night. Let me start by telling you that the waitress, Kelly treated us like she's known us for years! She had us cracking up within two minutes of meeting her! And the manager, Jeremy was so much fun and full of information that proved to be on point! 
We asked Kelly for recommendations which she provided without hesitation. I'm not kidding people, the char broiled cajun oysters were AMAZING! So much so that we had two dozen! Delicious! 
I had the blackened redfish with crawfish sauce, a pile of perfectly sauteed green beans, and the house salad. The fish was perfectly spicy with plenty of heat. Not for you if you prefer mild or no spice....trust me on that. My daughters ordered the cajun seafood pasta that they really enjoyed. We all shared because this food is something to be experienced! 
Let me get back to those oysters. They came with this crusty toast  that we discovered was even more delectable when we sopped up the buttery cajun, parmesan sauce in the bottom of the tray. Amazing! 
The drinks were the least impressive of the whole meal.....a bit strong and pricey. I had the Pim's and my daughter had a coffee drink that had a blend of different liquors in it. I'm a light weight with alcohol so if you're not, you will probably enjoy them tremendously. 
Overall, the food was impressively upscale in a comfortable, neighborhood environment! We want to go back to eat and hang out with Kelly and Jeremy! Ask for them.....the owners are so blessed to have them!We walked in for happy hour and met Kelly. She made our happy hour a great fun experience...it's as if she was our long lost friend. She was just promoted to bartender and made our whole drinking & oyster experience a blast!! And she really rocks the hair Bow! Don't miss this!!!Devon and Alex are the best shuckers in New Orleans! Very friendly service and tasty oystersNice oysters bar and quick service here. And all foods is good. But special for me is a soup. Enjoy.Da bomb... red beans and rice off the chain... oysters are exceptional... stopped in for a snack and was treated to some of the best food yet... staff was great... must visit when in New OrleansMy wife and I were looking for a place to eat that was close to our hotel and we found this little place. We got the Seafood Penne Pasta and it was great.Excellent service and atmosphere. Creole oysters recommended by the server were excellent. If you're staying in the Big Easy, definitely worth a visit.A New Orleans classic. I've eaten here several times and never been disappointed. I love the old school feeling of the place with its classic elegance and laid back atmosphere while still being pretty formal. The food is fantastic and I've never had a bad meal here. Can't go wrong with hitting this spot while you're fooling around the Big Easy.Great service and great food! The crab cakes are small but all crab and the remoulade was fantastic. We had excellent fresh oysters and good gumbo. My hubby had a sandwich with fried oysters... it was massive! 
Will return!Great breakfast, great service and great mimosas. Very impressed with this place. The Rockefeller oysters were my boyfriends favorite.This was my first time eating an oyster po boy from New Orleans so maybe I don't really have a gauge yet for what's good or not but I really loved my sandwich. The french bread was so light and airy but still crispy and the fried oyster was seasoned so well and tasted fresh. Just the right amount of spicy mayo for a delicious meal that didn't leave me feeling like I need a nap. Perfect lunch spot. The service was great and the atmosphere was peaceful and serene even though it was in a busy area of the city. The green beans were a little on the salty and oily side for my taste so that's the only thing that brings my review down one from a perfect score. Otherwise, a great experience!Filip was an awesome server. Stop by for some incredible food. Some of our dishes ...Shrimp and grits, shrimp penne pasta, fried oysters and gumbo...all was soooo good!!It was close to our hotel so we thought we would try it. The shrimp po boy was stuffed with so much shrimp, I couldn't finish. You get what you pay for. Super nice and very attentive server.Delicious and generous portion breakfast dishes and the Rockefeller oysters were heaping with toppings.  The atmosphere is spacious yet cozy and clean. Jared the server was energetic and upbeat.Delicious.
The bowl of gumbo was delicious. And only $11.
The blackened red fish was heaven.
Great value.
Definitely coming back.
Susan the hostess was very nice.
The waiter from Serbia was very attentive.
[Silly Yelp wants me to keep writing or they won't post my review]This place is awesome ! Great service along with a colorful personality by the staff from left and right. Davon was extremely hospitable with anything that we needed and even gave us some great menu recommendations! Bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's from our lovely bartender made for a fun atmosphere. The food is on point. (Try the fried oysters) I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a relaxing lunch.We came for happy hour, but the food looked great. The bartender, server and hostess were nice.  Very good atmosphere will definitely come back when in town.We came for happy hour. The hostess greeted us with professional friendliness. The ambience was cozy and casual. We got a dozen raw oysters, a beer, and a glass of wine and paid $20-including tip. The wine was good, The oysters @ $9/12 was good. The beer... not so great.
 The reason for the poor review is because the server seemed to be on another planet the entire time. She wasn't rude, just... asleep. In New Orleans, this seems weird. She even gave us our check when we said we needed a minute to figure out what we were ordering next. We took that as a cue to leave, which was too bad because the food did look good, and the prices were reasonable. 
We went to the Palace Cafe instead, and that was an otherworldly experience (see review for Palace Café).We wanted a quieter place to dine after walking through all the noise and crowds of the area.  We came during Happy Hour which was great since draft beers were $3.00.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  All 3 of us enjoyed our meals too.  If you are looking for a place not over-run with tourists and reasonably priced, this is a good choice.Made the trek here in the middle of a storm. The service was absolutely great. The only qualm I have was the gumbo. I love gumbo and was looking fwd to eating some amazing gumbo during my trip to NOLA. Day one.. full of anticipation, this was a total let down. The gumbo I've had in Seattle has been significantly better than this. Maybe this is what gumbo in the south is supposed to be like but it was bland, slightly grainy and the okra gave it a slimy consistency. The meat also seemed bland and overcooked in it. 
The Gallier sandwich however was one of the best sandwiches I've had. We also had oysters which were great. Just the gumbo..... ug.We came for the oysters. Great service. Great atmosphere. Oyster were super fresh and the horseradish/cocktail sauce was bomb.  Great place!Absolutely fantastic from start to finish! This is ideal for all occasions.  The decor is fantastic, the service above what I've gotten anywhere else in the quarter.  I would love to take a date here, perfect atmosphere.  The food was amazing not over spiced like so much here.  The presentation was on point.  And so was the price.  Generous helpings as well.  
The picture does not do it justice.  Please try this amazing restaurant out!Absolutely amazing fried oysters in a spicy sauce.  Excellent meal, great service, and good prices.This place is absolutely amazing! First off, our waitress Kelly was just all out AMAZING! Then the lady Sarah behind the bar was also AMAZING! The food was to die for! Had the classic breakfast and oh boy was it good! Their grits are on point too! Not many people know how to make grits and they have it right here!!! Definitely would recommend to anyone looking to grab a good brunch! Don't forget about the bottomless mimosas!!!! Thank you so much kelly!!!!I wouldn't recommend going ... they were quite insensitive ... refusing to seat two people at a four person table when they weren't busy. This would understandable if they had high traffic volume but it was virtually empty... took my business elsewhere!Omg, grilled oysters the best, if you In New Orleans you have to come here for your grilled oysters. Oh can't forget I drop in for breakfast there seafood omelette is awesome. I rate this more then 5Really good food. The oyster special at happy hour is very good. Service is excellent and friendly.Popped into Gallier's today, and it's really coming up! My bartender was Jerrod--he was adorable and made me a fantastic Elderpear martini. 10/10 will be back!I ordered a dozen of raw oysters and gumbo today. The raw oysters that I had were not clean. There were a lots of sludge and broken shells in it. But the gumbo was good.What a great find! Great drinks, delicious food, and friendly staff. The pear martini is divine. Grilled salmon was cooked perfectly to order and accompanied by fresh green beans and a choice of sides. I selected a cup of gumbo and enjoyed every bite!Perry is an expert oyster shucker and oozes warmth and hospitality.  This place isn't fancy and that's a good thing.They have the best oysters in town by far! Always fresh and perfect size. They are relatively new ( opened February of this year) but we'll on their way to becoming the place to go for oysters.I was looking for a fried oyster salad, and I found it.  In truth, I prefer a spinach salad with fried oysters, but this green salad with pickled onions and huge chunks of blue cheese were certainly a meet accompaniment.  Happy hour is a great deal if you want oysters on the half.  Friendly service and clean feel to the decor. Convenient to the commerce area downtown.  My husband enjoyed the fried shrimp, as well.I came to Nola for a weekend of eating. I enjoyed meals at Commanders Palace, Cochon, and Bacchlon Wine to name a few. 
Gallier was definitely the worst meal I had all weekend. The service was poor and unfriendly, the food generally bad, and the atmosphere unappealing.
I ordered the oysters, gumbo, grits, and crab cakes Benedict. The oysters and gumbo were decent. However the Benedict was disgusting. The egg was microwaved solid, the crab cakes extremely fishy, and the English muffin cold and not toasted! 
I can't imagine how this place has 4.5 stars. If you are in Nola for a weekend or a lifetime do not take the time to stop in here.By far the best charbroiled oysters on the planet!!  Incredible flavor, fresh, and melt in your mouth like butter.  The homemade waffle fries are great too.Very average food, our server was very sweet but the host came off quite aggressive towards the end of the meal. She was trying to push us out and accommodate more guests which is understandable but she blamed the waiter...long story short nothing worth returning for. The oysters were the best thing tjougju, if anything that is worth stopping by forAfter going to this restaurant, I must say I'm surprised by the high ratings. I kind of want to give it 2 stars  but like the oysters. This restaurant is on a seedy block and at least 2 of the servers seemed to be tweaking from drugs. I don't want to sound lacking in compassion - as social workers, my friend and I were concerned for our server, who was friendly but definitely had issues. But this is not the experience I want when paying money to eat out. As far as food goes - we are both locals so familiar with NOLA food and restaurants. Chargrilled oysters very good . Her shrimp remoulade sandwich which I tasted - ok but not flavorful. My cup of gumbo - inedible. Arrived cold and tasting burnt. Told the server this and he brought the same gumbo back after extra nuking in microwave. I won't be returning.The wait staff was amazing! The drinks were a little pricey.. However, they were very good! The Oyster Rockefellers, were not my face. Overall, I totally enjoyed taking my Mom there for lunch!!Wandering through around Canal starving and this was the closest place to us on a search. We are so glad that fate brought us here! A great vibe, great music playing, friendly service, amazing food...couldn't ask for more! The Gallier sandwich was a gastronomic journey through a flavor forest! So good! Kristi Keasler outdid herself on that one. Kelly, our server was attentive and hilarious! 
Stop in, you won't regret it!Al was a great server and bartender! The food was authentic and absolutely delicious. We had the raw oysters and they were probably the best I've had. The drinks Al made were great and strong , he even customized them according to our taste. I definitely recommend this place!Best sandwich I've eaten in NOLA. Try the Gallier. Fresh oyster fried to perfection with great filling, sweet onions in Ciabatta bread. We tried a dozen chargrilled oysters too and they were great. Service was excellent.Showed up at 5:00 for early dinner. Heard Oysters were as good as Felix which we had sampled a couple days earlier. Found the quality of oysters was better here than any place tried. 
Service was excellent and we also found the Gallier sandwich; crab cake and gumbo to be very good. 
Place is off the beaten path but well worth the trip.Great food!! Great Service!! The Creole Oysters were a dream come true!! I will come here anytime I am in New Orleans!!!Good oysters. Easy atmosphere. Good drinks. A great start to the New Orleans experience. The oysters well-shucked, Crystal hot sauce and the other accoutrements- fresh and big. Solid boozy cocktails and a great staff. Enjoy!Great experience from start to end. Was greeted outside by a smiling face and seated right away. Got lucky and visited during happy hour with $9 dozen raw oysters and 3 off draft beers. The char-broiled oysters were amazing. Food came out very fast and service was friendly and very professional.Had lunch and the meal was Great!  The grilled oysters very tasty along w gumbo my only complaint would be atmosphere.  Would definitely go backCame here for happy hour twice on a 4 day trip. It was very close to our hotel and we loved that we could be seated quickly and the deals were very good. We got the $9/dozen oysters and the hh gumbo w potato salad, which was fantastic. 1/2 off wine was also a very good deal. The staff working was very friendly and even remembered us from the day before. Not the fastest service, so if you are in a rush, maybe just tell them, but everything was very nice for HH, so I was happy taking my time anyway. This place is not as commercial or much to look at compared to neighbors on the other side of Canal St, but the food is excellent and service is very fast, "hidden gem" style.This little place was a bright spot during our short trip to New Orleans. The raw oysters were the best I've ever had, and I eat a fair amount of raw oysters, living on the coast of Florida in a foodie town. These oysters were even better than Appalachicola oysters. 
Gallier is just off of Bourbon Street itself, which makes it a bit quieter for your peaceful enjoyment. The servers were personable and efficient during my visit.
The prices are reasonable and the other items we ordered were very good. Gallier has an assortment of beers, including crafts beers, and wine, liquor, and cordials. I will seek this spot out the next time I'm in NOLA.Fantastic happy hour, $9 oysters on half, and gumbo was amazing with a little Crystals. Great place worth $$We were craving good gumbo and did a yelp search for the area we were in and tried Gallier's.  This place is a bit off the beaten path, not in the Quarter price trap, but a short walk across Canal.
Gallier's gumbo is big on flavor with smokey undertones; and the serving size was big for $11.  It was probably about a 12/14 ounce bowl.  It's a dark, very thin roux, which isn't bad, but definitely a bit more soupy texture.  There was plenty of sausage and chicken in every spoonful.  We ordered our gumbo New Orleans style, which is with potato salad (on the side) for an extra $2 each.  I was skeptical about gumbo and potato salad but some of my employees had previously encouraged me to try it--I must say that the combination was magical.  The potato salad was southern, a bit sweeter but offered a great balance with the savory gumbo.  Served with buttery garlic bread.
We also tried the chargrilled oysters, $13 for half dozen.  Heavy on the cheese compared to other restaurants, like a sharp cheddar vs. mild Parmesan.  Not ideal for me, so I'd pass next time and stick with only the gumbo.
Parking is a bear, so walk over after you've had enough of Bourbon Street.I had the charbroiled oysters and they were great. The service was excellent - very friendly and fast. The prices are reasonable. My one disappointed was the gumbo - not that good by most standards and definitely not good by New Orleans standards.I had a horrible experience. We ordered oysters as appetizers and did not receive them until after we were done with our meals. They seem to be busy so we didn't bother asking about our oysters until after we had already eaten our entrees. They had completely forgotten about them and weren't even apologetic. It didn't help that the oysters weren't very fresh or very good. Our po-boy sandwiches were also undercooked and underwhelming. Considering what you pay, you'd expect better service and better food. There was absolutely no remorse about forgetting our food. I had to beg the hostess for a glass of water. Needless to say, I will not return.Fadi is is the real deal. As I am from the Middle East and background I am super fussy on the type of food that I eat. But I had a dozen oysters and a wonderful cocktail I left this place a very happy womanWe went there around 4 pm in on a Saturday.  HAPPY HOUR food!  For 30 bucks we could not have better eats: gumbo and oysters. Why else are you in NOLO? We sat at the bar and received many complimentary oysters and sample drinks!  We tipped them well!  Our bartender Kelly was great.  She tested a new drink on us and it was awesome!Huge oysters with no flavor. The charbroiled ones were helped by butter and cheese.  No atmosphere, which would have been fine if the oysters were good. Sad.First stop upon arrival for a long weekend in New Orleans.  Charbroiled oysters were fantastic!  The Gallier sandwich was delicious with fat, well seasoned, lightly breaded oysters.  Great local brews and super friendly staff.  Check it out - you won't be disappointed!Great crab cake!  Delicious without any fillers.  Best I ever had and I try crab cake every I go.  Oyster Rockefeller had bacon pieces and combination was a heart attack in every bite but so worth it.  Raw oysters were also great!Pretty low-key place compared to some of their competitors-- not a bad atmosphere if you want to avoid the touristy feel.
That said, the food was kind of meh. Red fish and green beans were about as ordinary as you could get, especially when the fish arrived well-done (not that anyone ever asks how you'd like your fish cooked, but cooked half to death was not the most tasty).
Threw in some charbroiled oysters too-- those were okay, but the worst of many sets of charboiled oysters I've had.We found this place on yelp....And as our first time in New Orleans we wanted to make sure to go to a A place that had good reviews... Needless to say we had a great first time here! I got the rockefeller oysters...SOOO GOOOOD!!Luckily happened upon this place after getting into town and let me tell you do yourself a favor - try this place. The Gallier might be in my top 1 of sandwiches I've had; seriously it's fantastic. The charbroiled oysters were a flavor bomb. The key lime pie was also wonderful. I don't want to be overly glowing, but it was just a great meal. Walk up and enjoy.
Also, make sure you ask for Kelly. A wonderful server who happened to be on her first day and did a phenomenal job.After reading all the great reviews, I had to give this place a shot. As far as ambience goes, there isn't any. It's pure generic. Either the funds weren't there for the build out, or the designer had very bland taste. You would think in an oyster joint they at least would have their shuckers at the bar area, and some sort of seaworthy ambience. 
I ordered some char broiled oysters. They were only OK, not exceptional. Large plump oysters, but way too much cheese and bread crumbs. Served on a metal tray like chilled oysters, and no buttery sauce to dip my bread into. This dish needs to allow the oyster flavor to dominate, not bread crumbs and cheese. It needs grilled French bread on the side. 
I sat at the bar, and although the service was friendly, it was at times overbearing. I did not want to engage this bartender in a lengthy discussion. There is a difference between friendly and overbearing....Annoying. 
With all the incredible choices we have for oysters in our city, this place needs some shaping up to become competitive. I think they're up to the task, but adjustments need to be made.Great food. Staff kinda ghetto.  We had cajun pasta, seafood pasta, shrimp platter, red beans and rice, grilled chicken salad, everything was delicious!!!!Seafood..Oysters.. isn't it must when you are in NOLA?
FOOD//
Bless happy hours for half price for dozen. We ordered 10 dozens of raw oyster for 5 people. I loved every bite of oyster = have never felt so fresh in my life eating seafood. The horseradish sauce and crackers made the oyster tastes even more good. 
ATMOSPHERE//
Very cozy, not too fancy. just the way i apprecaite the restaurant.
SERVICE//
They were super friendly and made me feel like i want to come again.
SURROUNDINGS//
IDK NOLA.I happened upon this place while on a trip with my university. It was about 7:30 on a Friday and was in need of a quick-ish dinner with some of my friends. I had the gumbo with the potato salad. It was delish! A friend of mine had the Cajun pasta which he loved and another had the fried oysters which were also amazing! I would definitely come back here! It was a very nice environment, very chill yet a little fancy feeling. I would recommend this place to anyone!The best oyster and Bloody Mary pairing I've ever had!!! Excellent staff! Will visit here any time I'm on town, first thing!The food was good, ample portions, cost in line (not outrageous) server Ashley was friendly and efficient.Food was okay. Fried shrimp were great. Pretty sure the red beans were Blue Runners. Pretty stupid to add gratuity to a table of 5 when we would have tipped at least 20% but 18% was added to the check.  Our server gave us attitude when we asked why we were charged $4 for potato salad that was supposed to come with the gumbo for an extra charge of $1 and tried to pull a "Well in New Orleans..." and we are locals.My friends and I were staying right by this place, kept passing by and chatting with the "outside man", who always was pleasant and made us laugh. We finally decided to stop in for dinner and were treated like royalty!  The whole staff could not have been nicer or more accommodating.  We wandered in during Happy Hour, stayed for a delicious dinner and dessert. Thanks to everyone here we have wonderful memory and story to tell!Broiled oysters were delicious. They had a really good beer selection with local craft beers. Great service as well!Service was great and happy hour was even better! Lots of great deals and specials. Their oysters are fresh and the oyster trio was delicious! Can't wait to go back!We went to Acme the first night of the trip and I will tell you, Gallier put them to shame. Happy hour is the best! The gumbo is amazing, shrimp and grits were to die for and the fish of the day was cooked perfectly. Our waitress (the girl with bow in her hair) was amazing. Great experience and will make this a mandatory stop every time we come back to New Orleans!Gumbo was way too watery and too much oil. Cajun pasta(forgot the name) was over cooked. Oyster was decent just like other places in French quarter.They've got happy hour from 3-7! Discounted drinks ($3 drafts) and $9 for a dozen raw oysters. Beyond that great deal, the food was pretty average. 
I got the fried oyster salad. The salad was good, a typical garden salad with vinaigrette and bleu cheese, but the fried oysters were kind of mushy on the inside and a bit bland.Funny enough, but the oyster schucking man made this experience above and beyond. Staff are great,  welcoming and very helpful.  My double cheeseburger was awesome, fries had some kick! The seafood pasta was good with some spice. The oysters were good and much appreciated. Thanks for a good dinner!Great service.  Fresh oysters and redfish.  Off the beaten path and reasonably priced!Fantastic raw oysters!!  And the rest of the meal was amazing too.  Excellent service and recommendations from our waiter.  We will be back!Probably the best place we ate at in New Orleans so far! Everything is so flavorful and presented beautifully. We are coming back tomorrow morning for breakfast! Service was good and they checked up on us often but closer to the end of the night we waited quite a while for our check.It is very unpretentious but the service and food was superb. I had oysters and crab cake. The children had shrimp. The cocktail I had was also delicious. A special thank you to Kelly for making our visit so enjoyable!We went here for a Saturday brunch to celebrate two birthdays. I called on Friday (nothing like the last minute) to ask if we could get a reservation for 15 for the next day at 11:00 am. Susan was super friendly, and they were very accommodating when I had to add 3 more people later that day.  We went there for the bottomless mimosas, but the food was delicious. I ordered the Eggs Florentine, and I ate all of it. Everyone at the table ordered different items, and they all complimented the food. Plus the prices were very reasonable. They even let a few of us do bottomless mimosas with cranberry juice instead of the original orange juice that's supposed to go into it. Yelp lead me to this restaurant, and it did not disappoint.Best Oysters i have ever had! The raw oysters are fresh and delicious and the charbroiled and the rockefeller oysters are to die for Kelly is the absolute best server of all time everytime i come to New Orleans i will have to come and eat 14 dozen more oysters with the familyI've been to New Orleans many times over the past 10 years. I've enjoyed many dining establishments in a lot of areas from Kenner to the French Quarter. We were craving charbroiled oysters and headed to Acme Oyster Co. in the French Quarter because it was walking distance from our hotel. The line was around the block. Drago's is fantastic but it was too far to walk and we didn't want to mess with the trolly to get there. We decided to just go back to our hotel on Common St. and just grab anything available. We started to walk past Gallier's but stopped to look at the menu. Charbroiled oysters! We said "why not?" GREAT decision. We got seated right away but the place was still vibrant and active. In short, the food, the service, the staff, and the ambience was EXCELLENT! This place is truly a treasure. SO nice to find smaller places like theirs that do a great job in every aspect of the important areas of providing an excellent dining experience! Great place!!!!!Wow!  Local feel oyster bar, local prices, extraordinary quality service and food.  David behind the bar and Perry dishing out the finest oysters (big, fresh, clean, and flavorful).  This place is a jewel just a block outside the Quarter.  Great Happy Hour.   I focused on oysters but saw Kelly taking  some great food to the tables.  Enjoy.Had the beignet sandwich - perfect for me! They also have the usual presentation of powder sugar beignets and traditional breakfasts. This is a cafe in the Renaissance hotel, but prices were very reasonable!I almost don't even want to write this up because it is such a treasure and a part of me wants this to stay a secret gem. HOWEVER, you haven't enjoyed raw oysters until you've had them here. Al, the bartender is a riot! The seafood gumbo is the only gumbo I've ever had that didn't end in heartburn. Make sure y'all come by for their happy hour specials! Bottomless Mimosas and Mary's y'all!!!!We came to New Orleans to find a great seafood joint (that of course had plenty of drinks). Galliers had an unbeatable happy hour specials. $9 for a dozen oysters and $3 dollar well drinks. Perry the oyster master was shucking up a storm as we ordered dozen after dozen. All of his cuts were perfect while he simultaneously kept our group entertained throughout the night. Come for the oysters, stay for the staff! Highly recommend you check them out.Service is absolutely 5 stars or maybe just thats the south. 
Raw Oysters are great; but they're great everywhere. 
Had the Gallier Sandwich and it was just ok. 
Cocktails are super yummy.Of the many food experiences one can have while in town Gallier Restaurant & Oysters stands out above the rest. 
Cocktails were generous and delish. Especially liked the "Oh Susanna" a coffee based drink that both warms you up AND picks you up.
Started with a dozen raw oysters that were exceptional in freshness and flavor. We then shared and order of red beans and the gumbo. Both were good. But the whole grilled red snapper was done perfectly. And the praline desert had a little twist to it.
We are at the bar and the service was friendly and fast. Definitely recommend!
See you very soon!!!I really enjoyed my time here. The servers and bartender were very friendly. I came in for a beer and some oysters and the charbroiled oysters were delicious. The rest of the food I saw coming out from the kitchen looked very yummy as well, but I had just come for a snack. Will definitely come back for dinner!OYSTERS OYSTERS OYSTERS! We came for happy hour (everyday 3-7 pm) and we got 3 dozen raw oysters. Their happy hour only includes the raw oysters, $9 for a dozen. They are huge! Best size I've seen ever. Would recommend! It's not busy during happy hour, which surprised me. Make this one of your stops!We ate there three of the five days we are in New Orleans. They're Creole oysters are outstanding I recommend them for everybody. You can start off with a sampler and get a taste of everything they've got. They do a great job of going with a gluten-free option for a lot of their meals. Next time I'm in town I'll be back great place High the recommendedGreat service, really nice, friendly waitress. We arrived at 7:00 pm on a Tuesday and there were a lot of people dining there, but there were open tables and no long wait like a lot of the other places we passed over.  The lack of a wait was likely due to the complete lack of tourist-satisfying ambience inside. However, we were at Gallier to eat, not to take in the scenery. I had the Charbroiled Oysters and the Grilled Crab Cake, both of which were very good. My friend had Raw Oysters and the Gumbo, both of which were thoroughly enjoyed!Read good things about the Charbroiled Oysters at Gallier so I had to check them out. This place seems like it is a local favorite and it was a simple and casual vibe. I also got a pear cocktail (didn't catch the name) that had Absolute Pear, St. Germaine, and champagne that was very good! The charbroiled oysters were definitely  a winner with the parmesan and garlic butter flavors. Dawn (bartender) and Jeremy (manager?) were very nice and conversational. Glad I got to check this spot out!DO NOT EAT HERE...
Because the oysters are FABuLoUS! 
First time at Galliers and went during HH. They have a great, let me repeat, great happy hour. 
Check out their HH menu online or run into Susan the oyster Angel outside the restaurant. She is crafty. Her brainwaves made me cross the street to check out the specials. It was either that or the word oyster plastered outside the restaurant. 
Mr. Perry shucks the best oysters from the Gulf of Mexico. They are super juicy, large and (for my order) smooth (not grainy or sandy). 
The restaurant is a small, open shotgun-like style. It's clean, great music and it appears to only lack rubber mats behind the bar. 
David the bartender will take great care of you--he's very personable and knows his menu. He tries to be funny and actually is. Be forewarned...
The staff is hilarious! 
They banter back and forth like bickering siblings. Ahhh, feels like home...
Bring earplugs, Kelly is la--oud.
Did I mention the oysters are incredible? I didn't eat anything else, why would I? I love oysters.com. 
My dozen little guys love their new home in my belly, resting nicely after the fun ride down the longest slide they've ever experienced. 
In conclusion, please don't eat here.  Especially when you want to eat good food and meet some cool peeps.Found this place on Yelp when we arrived in NOLA hungry.  Just a few blocks from our hotel.  Chelsea was a great bartender and all the staff was very friendly!  The salmon dinner was wonderful and the Elder Pear martinis divine!  Went back a few times for food and drink and always a good time!  Definitely will come back next time I'm in NOLA!Went in for oyster happy hour. Oysters were very cold and tasty. 3$ drafts. Wife had shrimp remoulade salad which was very tastyDon't worth to wait .. we left the restaurant after 40 mins waiting at the table for RAW OYSTERS.  Ambient is nice but service is terrible .. also we could not get lucky to try the food .. if service and food has same quality then it says don't go there !!Very nice place! Food is better than anywhere else we tried while our stay in New Orleans. Oysters are fantastic, very fresh. My husband used to not like oysters, but because of this place I think I got him addicted to these ;) My special compliment to Kelly our server for terrific service! 10 out of 10!Great restaurant and very accommodating staff.  The char-grilled oysters were yum. Our only compliant was that our server was a trainee.  So service was a tad irregular and awkward at the start but the manager stepped in and all went well thereafter.   We had reservations and were promptly seated at a table near the window for a nice street view.   The restaurant is located less than a block from Canal Street opposite the French Quarter.You can't go wrong at this place. We came for breakfast and both the Ouster Benedict and the Crab Cake Benedict were delicious. Plus they have bottomless Mimosa/Bloody Mary's for only $15! Didn't try them but the broiled oysters looked amazing!Kelly recommended the grilled creole oysters and they were fantastic! Great casual atmosphere and within walking distance of our hotel. No reservations were necessary, we walked right in on a Saturday night.Great food!!  Nice ambience .  Loved the Gallier Poorboy with fried oysters and bacon and arugula- yum!!!!   Check this place out!Had my reservations regarding a new restaurant. But this place had some of the best Raw, Charbroiled and Fried Oysters I've ever had. Absolutely would recommend them.Great place! Raw oysters and Charbroiled oysters were amazing. I had the chicken penne pasta (no onions, peppers & sausage) my friends had the PO-boys. (Fried shrimp & chicken) they said they both were really good, just a lot of bread. Sides: green beans and French fries were something to talk about! Overall this is one of the best places we have had food. Highly recommend.Food was good, but the hostess was horrible. She couldn't keep up with all the people coming in. She didn't know who was up next and was very rude when they would ask her about who was next. The waiter that was helping us out was very generous, apparently our table was not his and the hostess told him "this is not your designated table" totally uncalled for. During the time we were there, about 10-15 people left due to this hostess. There was a table next to us that had not been helped and when a waitress asked the hostess she didn't know who was the "designated waiter" for that table.Great restaurants! Loved the chargrilled oysters. Nice atmosphere, will definitely be back. Our server was very friendly too!Great oysters raw & grilled - delicious food. Seafood pasta was creamy, savory and just right. Hostesses are super nice and friendly.
Desserts are below average, we had the chocolate cake and I would not recommend it.If you're an oyster fan for flavor this is definitely my favorite place I've been to in NOLA! What is great is the happy hour $9 for raw dozen oysters. They are large in size and cleaned well and very fresh! We tried the Creole and Rockefeller oysters as well. The Creole oysters are incredible if you like a kick of spicy. Rockefeller are also very delicious without being overpowered by the cheese. It's not really a wait.Stopped in here on a Tuesday and sat at the bar. It wasn't busy at all and Dawn took care of us right away. My boyfriend had a sazerac- amazing and I had an Irish whiskey- also great. The Rockefeller oysters were absolutely delish. Would recommend this place.I highly recommend this restaurant!  The service was excellent, fast and the staff were all very friendly. The food was very tasty. The oysters were fresh and delicious, and the master oyster shucker was clearly very experienced. We also had the steak and the blackened redfish, and both were great. The prices were also very reasonable.  This is a gem of a find right outside the French quarter!Friendly service, Kelly is very sweet and attentiven. Also they have yummy oysters! Go during happy hour 9$ for a dozen oysters and 2$ off signature cocktails.$15 bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's! Great breakfast menu. The crab cake Benedict is awesome. Make sure you get cheese on your grits or potatoes!What an awesome find. Yelp directed us to this and we were not disappointed. Our waitress Isidora was I credible. She took the time to describe all the drinks and appetizer specials. She directed us to oysters Rockefeller and I have to say they were even better than she described. I ordered the seafood Cajun pasta that contained shrimp, crab, and crawfish.  Delicious!Get the Rockafella (or Rockafeller) Oysters! Simply the best oysters we have ever had. Great service, nice staff, and good prices! Will tell friends visiting to try this place. Thank you!Extremely disappointing. My mother said the gumbo was tasty but very runny and not very filling, especially compared to the gumbo we got at the Gumbo Shop. She also got a sub par Bloody Mary (we got a much better one at Gazebo Cafe in the French Market). However our waitress did get the bartender to add more tomato juice and it made it a little tastier. Also they advertised bottomless mimosas and Bloody Marys but when I asked about it, our waitress told us that "bottomless" meant two drinks. My Dad and I both got the Cajun Penne, he got shrimp and I got the chicken/andouille sausage. We were both very disappointed as it was very bland which is a word that should never be used to describe Cajun food.We wanted to give this please a try since it's new and some reviews were good, we came around 3 pm wasn't crowded at all but maybe not enough staff?? :/ we ordered some drinks and our food at the same time, raw oysters was one of our orders... after 40 + min still waiting for our food, and hearing complaints from a table next to us we decided to pay for our drinks and leave... there are many other places you can get the same food, I wouldn't waste my time here.Great atmosphere friendly staff.  Owner is very personable and staff is very attentive and a pleasure to visit with. Defiantly a must try.BeSt oysters in NO!!!!  After eating super food at some of NOLA's fine Restaurnats this one was really good.  Last night with friends - a great evening.  Next time six raw and six charbroiled.  Fantastic!!!!
Price was 60% less than other fine dining establishments.Used to live very close to New Orleans so it holds a special place In my heart and there are obviously many great options in this city. Here for business this time around and this place was close to my hotel (Aloft) and had pretty solid reviews. They stated this place was a hidden gem and boy were they right. To be so close to canal it's just far enough off from it that it makes it hidden. Service was solid, and the food was great. Prices are creeping towards almost being fine dining but just under. However the crab cake appetizer was $9 for two solid size crab cakes which I thought was phenomenal price wise and taste wise. Seafood pasta came recommended by the server and it's what I had my eye on anyways. So glad I got it I ate every single bite of my food not because I was hungry, but because it was so delicious. Definitely will be recommending this spot to anyone traveling to NOLA.Saw the reviews and decided to give it a try. Great decision. Daniel's was shucking oysters at the bar. And we ordered a dozen raw. Thought about the charbroiled and on his recommendation, we got some and Wow! Between the raw and the charbroiled, some of the best we have ever had! Happy hour prices on the dozen raw too! We are from charleston, sc, so we know our oysters. These were fantastic. Bartender David was great too. Stop in here, you won't be disappointed!!!!! Great prices!The hostess and waiter were very sweet! As for the food!! Not even worth a star!! Got the redfish with rice and green beans (which is their option for seasonal vegetables). The rice was hard and not cooked!! Waiter offered another side got the fries which were overcooked and tasteless. My mom's salmon wasnt good either, she felt queasy post eating. The green beans were soo tangy from the lemon juice used. I felt so disappointed and i wasted money!! They are not cheap either will never return. Decor was nice, wasn't crowded while we were there.Stopped in during a trip to New Orleans.  Wasn't to sure about it at first having walked by a couple times and never really seeing it to be very busy. However once I tried it, it turned out to be a great spot.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  I sat at the bar and the bartender who I suspect is the owner as well was very welcoming.  He made great suggestions.  Also gave some great travel advice.  Definitely worth checking out, had a great meal.The food was amazing.  Wait time was minimal.  So fresh!  Cooked just right.  Try the broiled oysters.This was exactly what we were looking for! Amazing fresh oysters shucked by Perry and great service at the bar by Jarod! A must-visit for their happy hour!We went last night for drinks and oysters. Sarah, Katie, and Perry were fantastic hosts. We will be going back with a much larger group, due largely to their friendliness, service, and the quality drinks and oysters!Best oysters I have ever had. Perry behind the bar is one hell of a guy shucking your oyster and cracking jokes. 3-7 happy hour is a deal you just can't beat. Amazing staff very friendly this is definitely a must to visit ehile you're here if you love oysters. Don't forget to tip the main man Perry!The food was awesome and the location is perfect, just 1 block up from Bourbon Street but you get out of the madness a little.Dawn provided Excellent customer service. She is also a bartender. $6 you call it martinis were New Orleans strong. Hats off to to bartender Ji!!  The charbroiled Creole  oysters were fabulous ! Blackened red snapper fantastic!!! Will definitely be back!Between Blind Pelican, and Superior steakhouse, so far Gallier Restaurant has one of the best grilled oysters. From a tourist from Chicago.What a little gem of a restaurant to find. We are staying nearby and needed a little something to hold us over until a late dinner. Happy hour is 3-7pm and we sampled all the appetizers. Quick and attentive staff but best off all the food was great. Definitely a hidden little gem off the main road. Will return.We came on a Wednesday night, with only a few other tables occupied. Because we only had a little over an hour to eat, we ordered an appetizer and two sandwiches, as well as a couple of drinks. A half an hour after our orders went in we flagged the waitress and asked if the food was coming soon, and that if it was out in the next 10 minutes we wouldn't have time to eat. She came back and said it was almost ready, and 5 minutes later the appetizer arrived. The sandwiches would be 'ready soon.' During all this time we had seen only one table served any food, so it wasn't because the kitchen was getting slammed. After scarfing the crabcake, we waited 10 more minutes. At this point where we'd been there a full  hour, and had ordered more than 45 minutes earlier. With no sandwiches in sight, we paid for the drinks and appetizer and left. If this was the kind of place with great ambience, I'd understand the expectation of a leisurely meal. But the place features horrible acoustics, annoyingly loud canned music, and the spartan look of a modern diner. As for the food, the crab cake was good, and we'll never know about the rest.Nice quiet place across Canal street and just off the main insanity of Bourbon street. Raw oysters were fresh and the charbroiled oysters were fantastic. Great happy hour. What really made this place was our server, Kelly. She took amazing care of us and made my mom's birthday dinner one to remember. I would go back!Early dinner of gumbo, red rice beans and rice for me, my buddy had the shrimp platter. All very good. We sat at the bar and we're treated well. The menu isn't huge but a little of everything. I'd go back to maybe try the oysters.Great ambiance, great food and great service. What more could you ask for?  The oysters were amazing!!  Came for Happy Hour, had a dozen oysters each and a Holy Roller IPA. Will definitely come back when in town!!Great place for brunch. Kelley was our server and she was very attentive and professional. The food was fresh and the fried oysters were some of the best I have had. I was not in the mood for brunch so just ordered a bowl of gumbo and it was huge. Great recipe with a rich dark roux. Would recommend for breakfast or lunch.Old fashioned was horrible, rib eye was overcooked and they automatically include 18 percent gradituity in bill when the service isn't all that great.  Strongly do not recommendFrickin love this place!! Sit at the bar and laugh your ass off with Al, or get amazing service from Lynne. Better oysters than Acme with no line and awesome happy hour specials!This place by far has been the best place to eat and drink in New Orleans! Have to try their mimosas and bloody Mary's!!! Our host waitress and staff was awesome and friendly !!! Best Bloody Mary in New Orleans !質量値段共に素晴らしかったです。
カキは3種類の調理法があるので、全部試してみることをお勧めします
あまりに気に入って滞在中2日間ディナーに通いました。地元の方も多くいらっしゃってましたWe stumbled across this restaurant and were pleasantly surprised! I had the shrimp remoulade sandwich and my husband had the gumbo and red beans and rice. He said the gumbo was amazing. My sandwich was sooo good. Slightly spicy, super creamy and delicious.We went Seaworthy because it was close to our hotel and we were supposed to meet some Co-workers. I took a look at the by the single oyster price and we bailed. We were walking to the French Quarter and we saw Gallier saw their prices and went there. Kelly was our bartender and Perry was our shucker and we were treated to some great oysters and crab cakes. We had a fun interacting with their staff. They were friendly, knowledgeable and fun. I'm coming back here the next chance I get.The char-grilled oysters are decent, but their fried oysters are fantastic. The breading is perfect, crunchy but not too dense, and get a side of their sweet chili sauce. Dip your oysters and chips in that, it's so good. Also the drinks are strong and the service is great. Lynn is the sweetest !Went in for lunch. Had the shrimp POboy. Shrimp was good with a light breading. Potato salad was good. Drinks were good with a fair pour. Service was a little liking as drinks were out and no one came around and ask if we wanted another.Dropped in for a quick bite, close to hotel and rated well in Yelp.  Totally agree with the ratings.  We had the shrimp remoulade sandwich and Gallier sandwich, sides potato salad and green beans... food and service was great!What a find! Our family stopped in for happy hour and had a great experience. The food, drinks, and service were fantastic. We can't say enough about the oysters. So fresh, and Alex was a master with the shucking. The muscles were cut cleanly and close to the shell so they slide right off. The outside of the shells were cleaned well to avoid grit and shell pieces. We also ordered house salads which were generous, bright, and fresh. 
G, the bartender takes pride in crafting delicious drinks and making you feel welcome. We thoroughly enjoyed his company and our time there. We left wishing Gallier's and everyone there were part of our neighborhood so we could hang out with them regularly. Thanks for great food and making us feel so welcome!There was a really nice lady standing out front trying to persuade people to come inside. After going on a site seeing walk,  I decided to circle back and go inside since she was so nice!  The oysters Rockefeller were some of the I've ever had! I ordered a coffee based cold alcoholic drink called a Suzanna. It was delicious but also strong! I'll definitely be back for more oysters! Highly recommend!This little place has just become our favorite little restaurant for oysters in NOLA.  We ordered the Rockefeller and Creole to start with; they we're scrumptious. Then we shared the shrimp and fried oyster platter.  The entrees were fried to perfection, light and crispy.  
I had eaten at a more "famous" restaurant down the street, paid way more money and it did not have near the quality or quantity of food as we had at Gallier.  
This is our new place to eat when in NOLA!!Ate dinner here tonight.  Delicious food, great service.  Went out of their way to make our grandchildren happy. Oysters on the half shell fresh. Fried Shrimp and oysters tender. Desert, key lime pie and dark chocolate pie were both light and not super sweet.  Definitely a great place to go!I frequently travel to New Orleans for business & am always looking for local flavor when dining out.  I ordered the gumbo & even though it was chicken & sausage rather than seafood, it was possibly the best gumbo I've ever had!  I also had the Gallier fried oyster sandwich with pickled turnip.  It was phenomenal!  Kelly was a doll & made me feel right at home!Oysters are good and fresh, good place for drinks. Food was ok. Host were rude and b****. Clearly saw me needed her but she decided to act like it's she didn't see me waving. Very judgements. So don't bother to ask the staff.This is my first time to New Orleans, I had a great lunch here the other day. The charbroiled oysters were delicious as well as the crab cake. It was my first time eating oysters and I wasn't sure how to eat them so I had to ask the waitress. She was super friendly, helpful and gave me great suggestions for what would be best to try. All around it was a great experience.Stopped in for Chargrilled Oysters and a drink.  The oysters were decent (not the best we had on this trip). The service was top notch, thanks to the Bartender on duty.  Come in, sit at the bar for the drinks and laughs.Kelly is one of the best servers I have ever had. She made recommendations to us and was spot on. She has great personality and made the delicious food even more appealing. Great prices and phenomenal grilled creole oysters. They are only on lunch menu but will serve this at dinner.Good place!  Great food!  Had the raw oysters and crab cakes.  Both were delicious!  Kelly the bartender is great!  Skip the Acme oyster house.Ok, this place was so good we had to come back! Food, service, everthing exceptional! David and Daniel both working again. Excellent. Go here for a wonderful experience!Sorry no pictures, the food was that good.  Other half declaired the fried oyster sandwich the best of his life.  The clean bowl is all that is left of the shrimp and grits. The char broiled oysters I would come back for.  Cocktails mixed to perfection. Fast and friendly service.We just got to New Orleans and wanted something authentic.  I found this place based on reviews and loved it.  They served breakfast until 2, but also a full lunch menu.  My wife had the breakfast platter and I had BBQ Shrimp and Grits.  It all was terrific.  I am new to oysters, but want to try them, so Daniel let me try a raw and a charbroiled oyster without having to order a half dozen of each.  They both were very good, but as I said I don't have anything to compare it to.  Daniel was the highlight as far as staff goes as he  gave us some tips on places to see and was very pleasant to speak with.Wonderful service with a great happy hour until 7:00; don't let the noise on the street at Canal deter you!Amazing service!!! Manager came to our table twice to speak to us. Once to ask us what we ordered and how we were and the 2nd time it was beacause he saw us watching the baskeball game and wanted to know if we wanted the music turned down and the game turned up (How awesome and observant of him) we were very impressed and the atmosphere was very cozy and welcoming.Best fried oyster salad of my entire life and I was born and reared in southern Louisiana!  This place is a jewel.  Nice, casual atmosphere, terrific service, and a mouth-watering menu.  The prices are also very reasonable considering comparable seafood restaurants in New Orleans.  This place has a distinctive flair.  I highly recommend giving it a try!  
PS - The cocktail menu is pretty sweet, too!
PSS - Lynne is a fantastic server!  Ask for her if possible!My wife and I have been lucky over the years finding terrific dining spots - in some cases new restaurants that have hit the mark right out of the gate.  So it is with Gallier's Restaurant and Oyster Bar.  
Great food, service (starting with our hostess, Susan; David, bartender and oyster expert; and our waitress, Carley).  This place is  around the corner from the Canal Street hotels.  Take a break from the Quarter!  Fantastic charbroiled oysters and gumbo.  Highly recommended - you'll love it!Service - not much: ordered three dishes and an ice  tea - the server plopped all three dishes on the table at once, minus the tea which required an additional request.  Food - average to less than average:  charbroiled oysters were lackluster, gumbo had no flavor except for the generous heaping of sausage, shrimp remoulade sandwich turned out to be not such a good idea served with a side of salad with no dressing.  Basically did not deliver value for the money.Good food, the gumbo is amazing, Oysters are superb, and the service staff is GREAT!!! THE AL HURRICANE is greater than superman.Came here with high hopes. I had the seafood pasta. Can we say I a thumbs down the pasta was mushy. The sauce was very bland. I will say I had the oyster and they were good and the drinks.We only stopped in for breakfast (twice) but the food was great and so was the service. The staff was very friendly, even helpful providing advice about what to do in the area.Good food nice people.  Very good oyster raw and charbroiled. Was going to Acme it would have been long wait. Will go to Galliers for now on.We found this place on yelp after ACME had a line wrapped around the corner. No thanks! While the decor is lacking the service and food were amazing. Kelly was our bartender and she's a hoot! She recommended the creole charbroiled oysters. Smack yo momma good. And the sweet guy shucking oysters was funny too. All in all a solid place for oysters and some beers. Good service. Atmosphere is lacking but that was about it.What a hidden gem. This place is AMAZING!!!! I am an oyster fanatic and this place offers some of the best/biggest/freshest I've ever had. They offer some of the best happy hour prices on them as well. Great atmosphere as well. I stayed in a hotel close by and ate here twice while I was in NO.Great service.  Oysters are fresh and huge.  Gumbo served NOLA style...very hearty and refreshingly spicy.Recently found out about this place through yelp and the happy hour seemed really promising. Went here with a friend to check out their happy hour and food. Surprisingly, I found no difficulty trying to find street parking for this restaurant but had to pay since it's located in the CBD. 
The service was pretty prompt. Our server was always around to take our order or help us with anything we needed. We both had a dozen of raw oysters to start off, which came shortly after ordering! The oysters were put on a bed of rock salt, instead of ice which I thought was pretty odd. They were a decent size and not that cold, but can't complain about 75 cent oysters! After our oysters, we ordered some options from the Happy Hour Menu. We ordered two orders of their Oyster Trio (Charbroiled, Rockefeller, and Creole), Crab Cake, and Shrimp Remoulade Salad which were all $5 each. We also ordered the Seafood Penne Pasta after we finished our HH items.
Everything we ordered came incredibly fast, we were seriously very impressed! The oyster trio was a nice option so we could try out the different types of charbroiled oysters. They were all pretty small with a bunch of seasoning on them. The Charbroiled was a decent charbroiled oyster, Creole was a tad bit too salty and tasted like a bunch of spicy mayo, and the Rockefeller was our favorite with a nice balance of flavors. The Crab Cake was also decent and placed on some lettuce. It was a good amount of crab, but the execution of the fry was not even. One side was fried nicely while the other side looked like it barely touched the pan and was soft. The Shrimp Remoulade Salad was just a salad with some shrimp and the remoulade just tasted like thousand island dressing. There was nothing special about it. The Seafood Penne Pasta description featured it as a creamy penne pasta served with shrimp, crawfish and crab meat, which sounded like a great choice! Realistically, it wasn't that creamy and did not have much crawfish or crab meat. It was just a basic dish overall; I felt like it was easily replicable and not memorable.
Overall, this place has decent food with a pretty good happy hour. I would probably come back for more oysters and different menu items.Best Oysters in the French Quarter area! Don't forget to ask for Lorenzos' special sauceThe night we went, they only had 1 server and she was overwhelmed serving all customers (the server scheduled to work that shift quit earlier that day). We ordered a dozen oysters and when they finally came to our table, they were lukewarm and we stopped eating them fearing they would make us sick. Enter at your own risk.This may be my one the best kept secrets in New Orleans. First they have bottomless mimosa daily till  2 pm with a happy hour starting at 3 pm.
The services super amazing and not to mention that the food was great and everything was priced perfectly... this is a must visit.Service was exceptional and super friendly.  Decor is a bit spartan but clean. The Penne pasta was superb.  The gumbo was a bit plain.The food and Bloody Mary was great and delicious.
Had my first poboy NOLA and this place did not disappoint
A lot of bread in my opinion. The portion size is more for one person.
The Bloody has great value.
So why only 3 Stars? 
I sat at the bar and it like the bartender did not want to be there. I understand people has their days but working in a service industry you cannot take it out on your guest. Did not report bc that person just needed to wake up.
Overall it's a casual and ok place for out of towners/touristsGood seafood. Me and my wife both enjoyed our selection. Redfish and shrimp PO boy. Drinks we made quickly and strong. Food was out quickly. Our waitress helped us pick our dinner and she was correct. A/C could use a boost but overall, good food and great experience.Service was great! The food was pretty good! I got the Cajun chicken sandwich, the Po Boy my husband got could have been better. However, the charbroiled oysters were really good!!!Great, friendly service. We had the fried oysters appetizer and the seafood penne pasta and red beans and rice. Everything was delicious and served hot. The drinks were quite good (Old Fashioned and Sybil). Ashley was a wonderful waitress. Highly recommend!A new neighborhood place yet so close to Bourbon Street. Excellent seafood. Friendly staff. No lines...
The decor is a little bare the food and attention more than compensates.
Oysters on the half shell, shrimp remoulade, grilled salmon were all good.This place is simply amazing. I'm from Louisiana born and raised and will always come here when in New Orleans. If you're from out of town by pass the high end fancy Cajun restaurants. This place is mid priced with amazing service, amazing seafood, and great service. The manager Jeremy gave us a desert on the house because of a small mix up with our food. They also credited us the gumbo. The service was very laid back, Kelly knew the menu very well and was making jokes the entire time we were here. It was a joy to eat here. Highly recommend this place.We went for dinner on a cold rainy night. This is a small place with a nice staff. The food was OK. I had the blackened fish that wasn't spicy enough for me. My wife had the fish pasta which she did not like (I don't know why someone would order pasta in a fish place - but she did). It was an OK night. The beer was cold, and the house wine drinkable.This is the cuties little place on our fun adventure through New Orleans for the next 2 day :)Omg. What a find! We stumbled upon this place one night & I'm so glad we did! They have a great happy hour. $9/dozen oysters $3 any tap beer. $2 off wine. Half priced well drinks. And the food was awesome! I had the seared tuna sandwich and it was sooo good. We had a party of 10. The ribeye, fried shrimp, blackened red fish, Oyster sandwich, etc. It was all sooo delicious. I would definitely recommend this place. Plus it's off the popular strip so you don't have the obnoxious drunk crowd there.Close to hotel and looking for some New Orleans oysters, I visited this place and sat at the bar.  I was greeted by Dave and Tom and first enjoyed a great local beer and decided upon the charbroiled oysters and a crab cake.  Both were very good and the atmosphere was enjoyable.  Only been open about 6 weeks but I was very pleased with my experience and the food.  Given my first meal, I'd be willing to go back to try other items on the menu.  If you're in the french quarter and/or staying at one of the hotels on Canal Street, this place is worth a visit.Only come here if you enjoy amazing food and out of this world customer service. You are treated like royalty here. Kelly goes above and beyond 5-star service. It's clear this establishment values every single customer from my three year old all the way to the elderly. This place sets the bar really high in terms of good food, excellent customer service, and a great example of how a business should be run.Got a dozen raw oysters. They were very fresh and tasted amazing! Definitely would get their oysters again. However the other food items on their menu were mediocre.We stopped in more for a snack than a real meal, but enjoyed some gumbo and a glass of wine.  The gumbo has very good flavor.  It is a little less thickened than some, but that is ok.  The waiter brought us a piece of the chocolate cake to try and it was really wonderful.  Good service and clean.  I recommend.We just did an order of chargrilled oysters. They were very good but I didn't personally love all the cheese. I feel the cheese kind of takes away from the oyster a bit and reduces the amount of the oyster liquor and butter mixture at the end, which is such a delicious part of chargrilled oysters. Again I like them but I like them a little different as you can get at other places. But still recommend.Nice quiet bar/food joint just in the other side of Canal Street opposite Bourbon street. If you want some good raw oysters ($13 dozen!!) or charbroiled and great grilled crabcake  etc try this place. Not crazy like  inside the quarterHad an amazing dinner with friends. Service was perfect and the food was delicious. We devoured raw oysters, charbroiled oysters, fried oysters, gumbo, blackened redfish and crab cakes. Everything was seasoned perfectly. We will definitely visit again on our next visit to New Orleans.Awesome gumbo. Maybe the best I've had in awhile. Very relaxed atmosphere and good customer service.Everything we had was delicious. We really came for the happy hour oysters, and cocktails, but stayed for dinner and it did not disappoint.This place was great.  And the service from Lynn was even better.  I had the salmon which  was to die for and the gallier sandwhich was amaze!!! Come here when you want great food and great service.Great place to start the day.  Even opened the doors early for us!   Bottomless Mimosa and Bloody Mary's are incredible al by with the food!  Glad we found this place.Enjoyable spot just on the edge of French quarter away from the noise....serves local food with "new American flair." The big reason to come here is the oyster happy hour - a dozen plump tasty oysters for $9.  Enjoyed red snapper, served a bit cold though. Grilled shrimp a bit over cooked  but overall a great choice without the lines and prices and noise.This place definitely my fav so far.. we had 3 dozens fresh oysters and 1 dozen charbroiled oysters.. they're super fresh, clean and big.. The Galliger sandwich is amazing.. It's a must try item.. The service is great .. we will be back..A brand new restaurant in the CBD on the edge of the French Quarter. Specializing in local oysters, seafood, craft cocktails and craft beer. The oysters were the perfect size and brine flavor. The amazing bartender Dave explained the oysters were St. Bernard. I ordered both raw and charbroiled....Which both were amazing!! Definitely will be making this a weekly stop and thanks again to Dave for the great service.My new favorite casual dining place inNew Orleans.
The price/quality ratio is great. I had oysters and crab cake and key lime pie. The quality was very good but the reasonable prices makes this a delight. I should also mention that the wines, not the usual jug brands, were not only good but included what we professional imbibers call "a good pour".
Highly recommended for visitors intimidated by the big name places and just looking for a local place with good food at a reasonable price.