Amazing Food - really Fantastic food!!! Great ambiance, great music and drinks.  Hands down NOLA spot!!!Amazing atmosphere! We Had the fried chicken, dirty rice and their veggies, a the house favorite drink....and topped it off with bread pudding...one word, Amazing! Can't wait to visit once again!The raw oysters are good and cheap, at $8 for a half dozen. It tastes best with the horseradish.
There are not many other cheap options, though.Loved it, tasted fresh and deliciously seasoned! Great place to east if you're at the convention center and need a sitdown getaway.Great Food! Great Service! Great Cozy Atmosphere that was full and lively but not too loud! Loved everything here! We had chargrilled oysters!     Sangria!  9th Ward Smothered Chicken!  All great!!My Friend and I really enjoyed our Meals at Galliano s.She Had the Filet Mignon and I had the Catfish.The food there was very good,but unfortunately I cannot say much about the service.Our  waiter was very unfriendly,not sure why!I will still recommend Galliano to anyone planning on visiting NOLA because it is well worth it.Great for late night munchies!  Food was really good.  My wife had some fried steak, she licked the plate.  I had the pork chops it was huge enough to share.   The charbroiled oysters best I ever had.   
Cake was a bit pricey but I was in vaca so what the hell.In NOLA for three days and ate here twice because of the amazing food, excellent service and perfectly balanced atmosphere.  Fun, lively, calm and relaxed.  All at the same time.  Yummmmm!!Galliano's is outstanding!!!! Thank you for making our anniversary weekend wonderful!  Special shout out to Charlie, Doug, & Jasmine your authenticity truly is refreshing.  Love what you're doing here, much success to each of you and Galliano's.  Best blackened shrimp ever!!!!!!! Thanks for recommendation Doug.I stopped in here last Saturday night after a long day of site seeing. I wanted to watch the Penn State game but LSU was playing on all the sets-the hostess Jasmine immediately hooked me up by changing one of the sets at the bar-Ok now I'm happy- time for oysters-I asked the gentleman behind the bar what he recommended either baked or raw- Charlie Brown recommended the raw-and they were incredible. The Staff from the hostess, to the bar tender to the cook to the manager Dan from Jersey-They all really knew how to treat a guest. I then got some grilled oysters-amazing as well- I was drinking vodka and cranberry-and everything was just spot on and very affordable. I recommend this place to ANYONE who is in New Orleans-they are fantastic! Thanks Guys!Charlie Brown is one of the best bartenders ever! And then there is the food! Shrimp and Grits, Duck Wings and I could keep going! So good that we had to visit twice while we were in town!I have found my new favorite cajun/creole restaurant here in Nawlins. Where do I even begin? I was looking for a nice affordable 4+ stars restaurant near our hotel here in New Orleans and Galliano's popped up. My group was all-in to try a new place to eat. Made reservations  (a big plus for me) for 7:45pm and we were seated promptly at that time. We started out with two outstanding appetizers - the Jean Lafitte Gratin and the Chargrilled Oysters.  OMG,  they were both amazing. For entrees, (first of all our group shared each other's dishes) one of our group opted for the dish with two filet mignon pieces - one served with a Bearnaise sauce and the other with an au jus that contained small bits of beef. Amazing!! That dish came with collard greens that everyone agreed were some of the best we've ever tried. Another of our group opted for the Crawfish Pasta. This dish was loaded with fresh crawfish tails and loaded with flavor. The next of our group went with the Swordfish steak, which was one of their daily specials- another fabulous dish. I chose the Fried Chicken dinner. Honestly, some of the best fried chicken anywhere. The meat on the inside was tender and juicy and the crusty outside was crispy and well-seasoned. The side dish for my plate was Red Beans and Rice with a ham hock and Andouille sausage. These red beans were the best I've ever had.  We finished our meal by sharing a piece of Bread Pudding,  which was the perfect end to our evening.In town for a convention and found this place nearby. Corn and she-crab soup was pretty good. Could maybe use a touch more salt and a dash of sherry but overall tasty. The fried shrimp were delicious. Light batter and cooked perfectly. Would order again in a heartbeat. Total tab for one person with tip was just under $40 so not the cheapest but you get what you pay for. Would recommend to anyone in town by the convention center. Good stuff.What a gem!  This place has just delicious food. Alex took care of us so well that we will be back before we leave the Big Easy. Portions are large, the homemade sauces and remoulade are wonderful.Felt like some local authentic appetizers and a drink, so I ordered the fried gator and chargrilled oysters. They are both amazing!!!!!! The bees knees cocktail I got was seriously packing and the ambiance is cool.  Staff is super friendly and attentive. Prices are reasonable and items here are definitely worth every penny. Definitely good vibes all around. Will definitely be coming back and I recommend you do tooAwesome restaurant! I hosted a party here for my cousin after reserving a table for 15. By some unfortunate chance, nearly 22 people showed up & the staff was left with the daunting task of trying to accommodate my guests. I'm pretty sure they hated me at that moment, and that was perfectly suitable!
Anyway, they seated the other guests at nearby tables as they arrived (very close to ours). The staff was extremely patient and frequently asked if we were okay. Moreover, they stored his cupcakes in the back and carried the lit cupcakes (in our cake box) to the table right after our entrees (I provided my own candles; however, I believe they had some just in case). They went a step further by passing out the cupcakes, as well as, chocolate covered strawberries they refrigerated for us. Did I add how attentive they were? It was mainly one girl doing a superb job of tending to our entire party, but some of the other staff periodically checked in as well. 
The food was great! The birthday boy didn't care for some of his food, but I believe that was simply because he didn't give himself time to enjoy it. He was busy chatting and taking pictures. The 5-6 people I personally spoke with, myself included, really enjoyed the food. I had wild shrimp and rice--fried shrimp perfection! The chargrilled oysters tasted baked more than anything, but I was pleased with those as well. My mother enjoyed her fried oysters and crab and corn calas cakes, which were very crab-by. I heard good reviews about the popcorn shrimp as well. And the drinks...amaaaaazing! Their cocktails are absolute perfection. 
I will say that the wait for our entrees was pretty long, but I would have to blame the sporadic arrival times of our guests and unexpected larger party.  We wound up spending about 2 hours and 45 minutes there, but it was well worth it. They did an excellent job at correcting my party's mishaps. It was also their first large-size birthday party; I believe the restaurant is fairly new. You'd never think it was their first. 
I can't wait to go again! My biggest hassle in regards to eating here is parking. But, I'll find a means to dine here regardless of that. :)
-Great food 
-Amazing staff
-Tasteful drinks
-Beautiful, intimate space
-And TVs that do not take away from the restaurant's fine dining vibeDelicious crawfish pasta with a rich cheesy cream sauce and some nice toasted baguettes.  Saw other dishes go by that looked awesome.  $26 for the pasta dish which is literally nothing to me when I'm on an expense account.  Safe area at night and close to 4 Marriott hotels near the convention center.Holy Moley the tournado filet mignon cuts are banging and the okra with bacon was so good! Service was polite and attentive and the place for crowded with patrons quickly. The atmosphere is relaxed and the menu has lots of down home Cajun items for comfort foods. The dessert was also really heavenly (banana foster bread pudding). So good it should be illegal! The only reason I took a star off was one guy working there kept trying to take my food out from under me before I was done. After the third time I was kind of annoyed (even though his job was to take plates). It's like..hold up! The potions are big, I need a minute LOL!Great food, great service, great drinks!!!   We made a reservation, and i would highly recommend doing that.  We were seated immediately and our server was very knowledgeable about the menu.  There were 4 of us and we started with the duck wings and they were delicious.  Seafood platter ( grilled) was delicious.   
Highly recommend!Absolutely incredible food. Everything we ate was delicious. Duck wings! Pork Chop! Oysters! All top notch.Before flying back home tomorrow, we had to dine at Galliano's again.  This is by far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and we eat at many of them each time we visit.  The chargrilled oysters are a little bit better than the famous Drago's, which are good as well.  The gumbo and shrimp and grits are the best that I've had.  If it's in season, finish your dining experience with the chocolate peanut butter cake.  
The manager and staff are very friendly and helpful!  We received a mini seminar on the process to harvest oysters to seeing them on the dinner plate.  We will be back!!!!!This place was so good I had to try it again 2 days later for lunch this time. First night we split the filet mignon, blackened catfish and seafood pasta. Everything was delicious. Topped it off with banana foster bread pudding. To die for. 
For lunch the BBQ shrimp po boy was amazing. The sauce and bread were so delicious. 
Please try them out. Prices very decent for the quality and quantity of food.First time in New Orleans and first time being exposed to the cuisine. Tried the Catfish Creole as it was recommended by the wait staff.   The catfish was lackluster however the shrimp & andouille creole it was served with was tasty.  Complementary hush puppies were a fun, region touch.Enjoyed the ambiance of the place. Good drinks. Food was definitely good. We started with a dozen raw oysters and drinks so by the time food arrived we weren't hungry enough to appreciate the seafood we ordered. That didn't stop us from splitting the chocolate cake for dessert though. Delicious dessert!Tried it for the first time tonight. Had the gumbo and the Creole. Wasn't impressed with either...We visited tonight right after the place opened. The oysters were delicious raw and charbroiled done up style. The soft shell crab and fried chicken were delicious. The red beans and rice were the best I've had since my last visit to New Orleans in 2010.Best Bloody Mary ever!!!!!!!!    The she-crab chowder is world class too! Lots of southern meals to chose from and you cannot go wrong. Pork chop is a must and the bread pudding is excellent. Nice place to eat and converse.Char-grilled oysters are amazing. We checked out ACME and Drago and these were my favorite. If you are debating between the fried chicken and the two filets go with the fried chicken. It's the. Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. Atmosphere is very modern.Absolutely fantastic! Duck wings were tender juicy and full of flavor. Oysters are on par with rest of the city. Our waitress Kaylin (so?) was knowledgeable about gluten-free options for my husband but didn't hesitate to double check when my husband thought that having real jambalaya in NOLa was too good to be true. Turns out, it was gluten free and it was amazing. That said, I'm a born and raised southern girl and when I read "country-fried filet mignon," I thought now THAT is too good to be true. And when TWO pieces came out, I thought no way will I finish. I was right but for good reason, saving room for their bread pudding was a smart choice. On the list for next trip hands down!we are from out of town and although I'm from the east coast and we have amazing seafood, it's hard to find authentic Louisiana cooking. we came based on the reviews I found on yelp, and definitely was not disappointed! I personally had the crab étouffée for an appetizer, it had so much flavor and the perfect spice! then my ma and I shared the seafood platter and it was about the most amazing new orleans dish I have ever had. the price for the size is a little much but the food was so good you couldn't complain. we also had dessert afterward and the bread pudding was great but couldn't compare to some of the dishes  you'd find from my local area. but we also got the coconut cheese cake and I'm not a fan of cheesecake, but the crust and topping was so perfect I had no issue. definitely would come back!Awesome, casual and friendly restaurant. Stopped in because I was starving and the wonderful staff took great care in suggesting the perfect snack. Started with the oh so yummy hush puppies. The chicken andouille gumbo was a great balance of flavors and delicious. The fried oysters & caviar was full of powerful flavors and excellent. Plus the bartender knew how to make a perfect Sazarac! 
I brought 4 foodies here for dinner and they were all impressed with the food and outstanding service.Recommended by the hotel concierge for good, local Nawlins cuisine for lunch. He suggested the fried chicken. Located in a simple place with very relaxed, but the food was awesome. We both had the chargrilled. Surprised at how light the crowd was given the lunch hour. We were seated right away and waitress was friendly. Served a complimentary hush puppy starter with a sauce like a tarter sauce that were just ok, perhaps because they were room temperature. Were EACH mistakenly ordered the 12 oysters and a side of the shrimp and crawfish maque choux. We both ate EVERY oyster they were so good. The maque choux was was like very good.Even the restaurant is busy .. glad our order came fast...Food is good ..love the gambo okra.  The service is superb .. the staff is friendly .. specially Ron.. he is very attentive and takes his time in talking with us.The food here was some of the best we had during our trip to NOLA, everything we had was delicious! Our server was very nice, and patient as well while I made up my mind. I ended up getting the gumbo(our server told us it was the chef's grandmother's recipe) and a side of the crab étouffée, and my fiancé had the country fried filet mignon.  Everything was delicious, but the crab étouffée, which I mostly ordered because I'd never tried it before, ended up being one of my favorite things I had while in NOLA.I wish I could have been helpful in reviewing their oysters because it seems like that's what they are best known for. I ordered the andouille stuffed pork chop and it was absolutely massive. I have a voracious appetite and couldn't finish. I would recommend splitting it between two people. The cornbread dressing and red beans were outstanding sides to the perfectly cooked pork chop. I would have preferred however to have a much smaller portion (and to have paid less for it!). The hush puppies, served before the meal, were just-ok. Perfect flavor but a tad dry. I would love to come back because there are so many great options on their menu. Extremely friendly bar staff, as well.Blue Crab Gratin is food porn. Putting that Pork Chop in my mouth is the best memory of my entire 26 year life.Fabulous Charbroiled oysters!  The BBQ shrimp po-boy and the fried oyster po-boy was cooked to perfection!!!  I will be dining here again very soon.Great gumbo, oysters and filet tonight. Staff was wonderful and Elle at the bar is the best!Everything in this place is cooked to perfection! Even the hush puppies that they give as a courtesy are cooked phenomenally. I don't eat steak but my friends got the prime rib cooked medium well, they raved about it for the rest of the night. The side collard greens dish is sweet but smoky, and the mashed potatoes were amazing as well. The oysters were cooked good as well and the service was great, one of the managers came over to the table to ask us how everything was. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a place that serves seafood and steak.Had the pleasure of dining here recently and I have to say, it was a rather amazing visit! To start, our server, Cora, was absolutely incredible! She gave great suggestions and was always so prompt and polite! The food was even better and the atmosphere was very relaxing! Can't wait to go back!!!We ate here on a Saturday night during a busy convention week. Service was quite good. Char-broiled oysters were excellent, as were the raw. Entree, the fried seafood combination platter was a little disappointing. Martinis were quite good. Had the Mardi Gras King's cake for dessert which was wonderful, as were the flaming sherries jubilee. Atmosphere was pretty average, very bar like. Pork roast was very good as well, very heroic portions on that.We visited NewOrleans stayed around the corner from this spot! We were wowed!! The food was delicious, hot and right on point! We had the Charbroiled Oysters, the daily special Yellow Tail Snapper with Seafood topping and the Smothered Chicken!! Everything was scrumptious!!!! And the service was magnificent, very attentive and accommodating. We will visit againWe stumbled upon this place our first night in NOLA. We had a great experience! The popcorn Shrimp creole app was absolutely delicious! The Tequila Mule was tasty too! My favorite entree was the Pork Chop La Place. The 9th ward smothered chicken was pretty good but a tiny bit dry. Definitely recommend this place!Only one star for the treatment we received when we walked in the door and were scolded by the manager (?) "we don't open for another 7 minutes!" Apparently he was "briefing" his staff... two others behind us turned and left and went to the restaurant across the street. 
Food was very good and our waitress deserved 5 stars!This is a great restaurant near the convention center. The food is excellent here. The fried chicken was so tender and tasty. Good drink selection. Not a long wait time. Very good service. Cool atmosphere.Made my birthday dinner great!! Food was excellent and received a great birthday surprise from the staff. Only in town for the night and I will definitely visit again next time I'm in town! Thank you all!! Had the Gator appetizer, Chicken and okra gumbo, Pasta Monica, and pear crumble...would have taken pictures but the food was so good I forgot!Good food along with Great service equals a perfect ending to an Amazing trip.   If your looking for a slight twist to creole food then I would definitely recommend this restaurant as a must try.Fantastic drinks and fried chicken, would drive from L.A (Los Angeles) to get some of their fried chicken. Actually all their food is fantastic and their deserts are epicly good. So don't waste time looking for anything else just go and enjoy the food.Such an awesome restaurant! We went on a whim and couldn't have been more pleased! We had delicious raw oysters & hush puppies to start. For entrees we had the seafood platter, the fried catfish & the crawfish pasta. We each loved each of our dishes. Such good fresh flavors! For dessert between 3 people we are two of the Banana foster bread pudding. I believe it was some of the best bread pudding I have ever had. We didn't leave a crumb.Perfect place for us to have an amazing dinner at the bar. We had our 5 and 8 year old with us, and the staff was more than accommodating! Both asked to go back tonight again. The food was absolutely delicious!This place was amazing. I essentially chose it because it was the only place that I could get a last minute reservation for a party of five. I wasn't sure if the food would be up my alley as I'm not a huge seafood lover, but figured it fit the bill as an authentic New Orleans style creole restaurant. Our waiter (Dante) was so friendly and enthusiastic and convinced us to try some oysters which most of us were hesitant to try. They were delicious, as promised. Dinner was just as fabulous. I had the blackened drum fish, which was seasoned perfectly. The vegetables on the side were a mixture of cauliflower, brussels sprouts, greens, peas, and tomatoes. They were so flavorful and just crisp enough to be a great compliment to the fish. Every bite just made me happy. Everyone at our table chose different dishes (crawfish pasta, prime rib, fried shrimp, gumbo) and we were all very happy with our meals. I can't recommend this place enough.This is a review from an out-of-towner, so take the appropriate number of grains of salt when evaluating.
We came on a Sunday, and showed up before our reservation. The front desk was a little disorganized, but there were tables open and we were able to sit down right away. Ordered some cocktails, and upon request the waiter was more than happy to walk us through the menu and point out his favorites, noting when he wasn't able to evaluate the dish due to personal biases. Nice level of banter, and a pretty witty guy. 
To start ordered the chargrilled oysters (which were excellent), the crabcake app (lived in the Mid-Atlantic for a while, so was a bit underwhelmed), and got some fantastic seasoned hush puppies as the bread bowl. Followed with the "healthy" dish, which was a perfectly seasoned blackened drum. Also managed to try a very nicely seasoned she-crab chowder, which I would recommend. The shrimp that came out in a friend's dish were absolutely enormous, and looked well-prepared. Finished with a nicely done chocolate ganache cake.
Overall, for someone coming from the east/west coast this place is very good value for what you get, and at least everything we tried felt very consistent. There was a service stumble at the start, but everyone was very friendly about it. I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking for a place to grab dinner in the Warehouse District.
With that said, we went seafood all the way, and from what I can tell I'd probably stick to that strategy. Which, ummmm, the restaurant is bayou-based, so doesn't that make sense?Why go anywhere else?  EVERY DISH IS DELICIOUS!!!  Friendly, helpful staff.  Craft cocktails, beer, and good wine list.  Try the stuffed pork chop.  Don't mess around, go to Galliano!!!I'm not sure why this restaurant gets good reviews. I've been coming to NOLA for years and the food was mediocre at best. Don't order the seafood special - the fish was rubbery which didn't seem to bother the waiter. And they ran out of Bloody Mary mix so we couldn't even get a drink. Look elsewhere for good creole food.We had an amazing lunch here last week. The gator appetizer was one of the highlights but it was all great. Highly recommended!My wife and I were on our way to Texas. We decided to stop in New Orleans as neither of us have had the chance to visit the city before. After a bit of a walk from our hotel we decided to stop in Galliano's. I was beyond impressed.   Although we sat at the oyster bar. The gentleman loves his shucking and my goodness are the oysters wonderful! I had the Gumbo. Hands down a very tiny bowl of heaven! My wife had the duck wings, and they were blissful! This place is one that I will definitely make my way back to!This place is exceptional. Not overly fancy, just casual great food and drinks. I always make it a point to stop here when I am in town.Overall NOT great.  Went for lunch and dessert was the best part.  Good, actually.  Service was pretty bad and the waiter smelled like he just strolled in after a big night of drinking.  Like I said, pretty bad.  Don't think I will be going back.Went here the night our ship came into port. Very convenient 5 minute walk to restaurant. We started with the Chargrilled Oysters and Bayou La Fourche. I had the Crawfish Pasta Monica and my wife had the Pork Chop La Place which was a very large dinner. The food was great as was the service. Nice bottle of wine but no room for dessert. Our waiter asked us if we were going to the parade two blocks from the restaurant. We did not know anything about it since our ship just arrived in port. So we went to our first night Mardi Gras parade and had a great time.A cozy spot...great place for intimate dinner. We got seated by window great for people watching. Good cocktails and food had amazing flavors. Red beans and rice a tad salty but other than that everything else was great. Can't go wrong with this place I promise.Best charbroiled oysters I have ever eaten. My family, group of 17 went 2 days before Christmas and they accompanied us with smiles! Can't wait to go back!The hush puppies had a different spin on more like creole Cajun taste but they were great . The pork chop stuffed with red bean and rice it is ok but not worth the price and flavor is average. Size of this plate is great. The seafood platter is small and the fish had scales in it even drought it was filet. The fish is so small the palms of your hands are bigger the shrimp had flavor, the oysters where just like any fried oysters.Chargrilled oysters were good. Shrimp and grits were good. Grits were cooked well and flavorful. The bacon wrapped shrimp was awesome!! My fiancé had the crab au gratin and it was disgusting! Mostly bread crumbs and hardly no crab meat. Service was friendly and food was hit or miss.Food was amazing!!!  Family had Fried chicken, pot roast, fried catfish and alligator po' boy. Chicken was the best fried chicken i ever had. Pot roast was fork tender and even my kids liked the alligator.This an amazing place! The flavors were magical!  I thought the char-grilled oysters appetizer  would be difficult to beat, but both my blackened drum and my wife's creole catfish cleared that very high bar! I would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody who finds themselves in the warehouse district in New Orleans!!!This is the best restaurant in the area. The staff was on point...we were acknowledged quickly and directed to a cozy booth. Our waiter Fernando was perfect. He knew the dishes that were the most popular as well as the drinks. He also frequently checked on us to make sure that everything was okay. I ordered the fried filet mignon with dirty rice and bacon string beans...the dish was amazing...the flavors were outstanding and it totally hit the spot... This will be the first restaurant that I will go to the next time I am staying in the area.Right across from the convention center. Dropped in for lunch on a break. Interesting flavor, chocolate bitters in my old fashion (don't judge me for drinking an old fashion at 12:30!). Great fresh salad with butter lettuce, tomatoes, refreshing, light vinaigrette , hubs had the "Lent" gumbo served in a cast iron pot (cute touch) which was tasty, with a few nice pieces of fish/shrimp and the like - more soup than thick gumbo - with a small portion of rice. Overall great flavor.
I enjoyed the 2X fried duck wings with a chili-honey-yum glaze with blue cheese chunks and scallions - my ONLY complaint is that there wasn't a ton of meat on the wings - maybe the 2X cooking retracted the meat, maybe it was a fluke, maybe they were super fatty ducks and the double cook lost all their fat!! Whatever it was, if those things were meatier, oh my goodness......This was one of the best meals I had in new orleans (which is a compliment because this city knows how to cook). A friend and I shared many small items including their crab and cheese fondue, charred oysters, gumbo, and another gumbo esque dish (I think one had a red gravy and the other a brown gravy)..... We also had their amazing complimentary hush puppies. Every bite of food was delicious. The prices were reasonable for a nice restaurant. The service was attentive and friendly. I would highly recommend checking this restaurant out....your mouth will thank meDelicious food great service!  The raw oysters are good and cheap, at $8 for a half dozen.Delicious food!! I had the shrimp creole as an appetizer (we finished it before I could take a picture), fried chicken and bread pudding for desert. The shrimp was cooked to absolute perfection and perfectly seasoned. The fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had. Must try this place if you're in New Orleans!!Clearly an overwhelmed staff last night. Salads came out wrong. Two dinners came out cold. Joshua and the manager did theie darndest to make it up to us. Round of drinks, comped dessert and meals. Fries chicken was moist though and the wine was good. Maybe when they aren't so busy it all works..The Seafood Platter is one of the single best dishes I have EVER had. It was delicious. The shrimp is great. The fried oysters are fantastic. The crab and fish was amazing. I ordered a side of Chargrilled Oysters and they were on point too. Staff was friendly even though the Manager stopped at every table to say hi except mine. I didn't like that he did not stop at mine.I purchased the Cajun chicken bean & rice dinner.  I really liked the beans and rice but the breading was too much and the White meant was way to dry.   The dinner was extremely pricy at $20 for a basic over cooked chicken dinner.Was in New Orleans and the food was so good that I ate there twice.  First time we didn't have a reservation so had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  Had the gumbo, side of etouffee and side of vegetables.  Especially liked the veggies since the sauce was incredible.  A few days later I had their chargrilled oysters and the signature stuffed pork chop..... The pork chop was the bomb!  It came with beans and cornbread stuffing which was also delicious.  My sister had the drum fish with veggies which was also delicious.The food was wonderful, sat at the bar and the bartenders were great. Talked with the owner, very friendly and interacted with everyone along with helping serve. It was a great experience and am going back tonight.So disappointing! I went here based on all the great reviews...maybe the chef was off yesterday. The fried chicken was burnt and tasted like fried flour with NO seasoning. Red beans and rice were so OVER seasoned I could not eat it. The crab dip (forgot what it was called)...at $15 had NO crab I could taste or see. Hubby did enjoy the shrimp and grits but barely touched his jambalaya! It was our first meal in NOLA and just so disappointing. They did comp us for the fried chicken but should have known better that our to go chicken tenders would not be much better.#BradyEats NOLA! Just some awesome stuff here. While Michelle went with more seafood based options Josh our server highly recommended the double smoked pork chop with red beans and rice corn stuffing and just yummy Ness all around. Very wise choice. The meat was perfectly smoked pink; it's just very hard for any seasoned pit master to accomplish. You gotta try this if in NOLA. It's a chop, and uniquely great! 
Misses, oysters were still muddy. Gumbo & sides were rich & thick; a bit salty for me- and that's probably just my preference. 
Great for a professional crowd.Great food, and amazing atmosphere. The food is well priced and the service was top notch. Amazing food, drinks and dessert. I will definitely come back when in town.I loved the food, service and atmosphere! It was Southern comfort food with a modern twist! I had the country fried filet mignon and it was delicious! The servers and staff gave amazing service- very attentive and friendly!Great food. Fabulous service. I had the crawfish pasta over bread (sounds wired, but it works) and my husband had the fried oysters. Everything was fresh and absolutely delicious. The wine I had requested was out, so the waitress brought me samples of two other wines to try instead. On my last day in NOLA, I decided to try Mulate's across the street which was really disappointing. Sorry I didn't come back here instead.Good food, great drinks, and awesome service!  I ordered the Old World Tournedos and the filet was tender and cooked to perfection.  The greens were sweet tasting, not exactly what I'm used to, but I enjoyed them.  We started our meal with their Chargrilled Oysters.  The oysters were covered with some type of topping....delicious!Our waiter was excellent!! The drinks are good. The food is excellent and the three of us ordered a variety of entrees, gumbo and sides - all immensely full of flavor, none overbearing. Definitely a find in New Orleans!!We both had the chicken fried filet mignon.  Very good.  Interesting flavors and combinations we've never had before.  Outstanding service and great beers.  For dessert we had the bananas foster bread pudding.  Quite possibly the best thing I've ever put in my mouth!  Absolutely incredible.  Can't wait to come back again.The oysters!!!!! So delicious! Great sangria and the crawfish pasta was on POINT! Great food great atmosphere has awesome! Great food! The shrimp and grits were delicious as wellOysters we're a little different here. Oysters we're burnt ...not a fave.  Waiter was a little rude.how you gonna tell us you can't bring your water in the restaurant??Thank you John, Colleen and Jaxson! The food and service were amazing. Good Happy Hour. I had the shrimp and grits. My friend had the Seafood Platter. Yum! Can't wait to go back!Stopped in for a drink and oysters, what a wonderful find, thanks to bartenders at Marriott downtown. Cannot wait to come back. Good food, great service!Great place, ended up here by accident. Had the pork chop and it was the best I ever had. Our Waiter/Bartender, Jackson, was amazing and fun.So far this was my favorite restaurant in NOLA. Got there after 5pm (group of 4) and were greeted & seated promptly. The Manager was wonderful but our Server was the warden on the complimentary hush puppies. Lol. We ordered the charbroiled oysters that were superb, 2 Cajun creole 's, crab & corn chowder soup, green beans over rice & maque choux. All of our food was delicious! If you're interested in sitting down & enjoying for genuine taste of NOLA stop by Galliano's.The food is awesome and Bret was extremely friendly . Bret is such a wonderful person as he made us very comfortable . The food was served quick and it was very yummy . Bret You'll go a long wayyyyyyy!!!Sat at the bar for dinner and cocktails with friends.  The smoked, brined, andouille stuffed double pork chop was soooooo dang good!!  We split the plate and had a side of jambalaya for a perfect meal.  Say hi to very friendly Al the oyster guy and El the bartender, too.   Place is very clean and shiny... not the 'usual' FQ aged building.Best meals (yes plural) we had during our time in NOLA. Hands down the best gumbo in the city, good beer and great service. If you are going to NOLA, you have to eat here.Great restaurant! Came here with a group of friends visiting from out of town and we we're all craving fresh oysters. Ended up going with several dozen of their grilled oysters and they did not disappoint! Excellent service and friendly staff.Full disclosure: I have been visiting NOLA for over 30 years and love to cook and eat great food. With that being said, I have been wanting to dine here since I saw their restaurant on the Travel Channel. Finally made it last night. To say I was disappointed might be an understatement. To start we had their chargrilled oysters to compare them to the other places in town. They were middle of the road. Lots of bread crumbs covering the oysters with some flavoring. I'm not saying their approach isn't a great twist on the common chargrilled oyster but it wasn't exceptional. I ordered the pork chop that's cored and stuffed with andouille sausage, that's where the disappointment began. In a city know for their andouille sausage and numerous variations, Galliano's choice seemed to come from a mass producer located out of the south. It had very little flavor that is associated with this type of sausage. I asked the waiter how the chop was prepared and he said it was brined for 24 hour, smoked for several more and then finished on a grill. It was cooked nicely and was juicy, I have to give it that. But the flavor was overwhelming and I was unable to finish the beast. It has a liquid smoke flavor that hinted toward lighter fluid used on charcoal grills. For $30, it was a waste. My buddy had their Crawfish pasta served with a fine fettuccine. The first bite I took tasted EXACTLY like mayonnaise!  I said yum, I didn't want to influence my friend. He sat and picked all the crawfish out of it before I asked him what was wrong. His words, "it tastes like mayonnaise!!!" Overall, it feels like a tourist trap located in the CBD. There are numerous places in the city with far better Cajun food. The restaurant had some nice heavy wood beams and a cool bar.Unbelievable food and unbelievable service. Everything we expected from New Orleans and then some. Way underpriced for the quality.Went there today & it was absolutely the worst service & only ok food! The waiter was extremely rude & not attentive! The guy with slick back hair & pony tail over charged us for our food & never apologized for it! He tried to double & add food that we Never ordered!!! Waited Forever for food & drink! Only! Reason we stayed was to finish watching LSU game.. Don't Go! They close at 2:30 & reopen for dinner & we were told that they class it up for then! WTF??!! Really?? Absolutely a horrible restaurant in the Best city for restaurants!!Bar service was excellent. Drinks are worth coming in alone for. I ordered the fried oysters, which were over cooked and served cold. Other meals like the double pork chop were hot and more tasty. Good atmosphere just didn't quite pay attention to all details and some meals were served too cold and were not that impressive.Disappointed.  I was so looking forward to our dinner at Galliano.
Arrived on time for our reservation and was seated immediately in an almost empty restaurant (Thursday evening).  Our server was pleasant enough.  No offer for wine or cocktails, I had to ask.  Our starter was brought post haste to the table.  Half a dozen fresh oysters.  So delicious that we ordered another half dozen.  Unfortunately, our dinner plates arrived before the oysters.  Dinner was okay, nothing to write home about.  Food was warm, not hot, not exceptional.  Our service was very rushed and not what I would expect, or hope for, on what was supposed to be a relaxed and pleasant evening.  37 minutes from the time we walked in until the check was paid.  Maybe it was an off night, I don't know.  I do know that I will not/cannot recommend.Excellent food. We got there in time for happy hour- house wine and draft beer were great, try the popcorn shrimp- so fresh and with an amazing andouille sauce. Had the salad and gumbo. Highly recommend this restaurant!I liked this place. Our waitress was very sweet and made great recommendations. They had $5 drink specials for happy hour and our drinks were huge. The complimentary hush puppies were delicious as were the onion rings. We also had the fried chicken with red beans and rice. Everything was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place!First time in town!! We walked over starving from our hotel and this place was one of the only places open. We walked in and were seated immediately by the kind hostess. Seems like the manager was very attuned to everything going on in his place- I dig it. 
Our young waitress was real sweet and helpful in explaining menu items, we went with one of her recomendations, the crawfish creole ( a side), popcorn shrimp appetizer, and the Camp Salad. 
The popcorn shrimp was real crispy and packed with flavor in the tomato/andouille sausage sauce that came underneath. 
The crawfish creole was creamy but spicy and very comforting. Lots of crawfish tails in there! 
The camp salad had these pickled okra which were so tasty but a little over powering, its took over the salad. Still a great salad with fresh greens and different textures. 
We ended with the banana pudding and some hush puppies that the bus boy brought over ( he was also real friendly). The hush puppies were pretty weak!  Maybe because we were here on the later side, but they were kinda heavy and didnt have much flavor.  The dessert was excellent tho- moist with caramel sauce and bananas.  
Finally- we had thr only Cab Sav you can buy by the glass. Damn that was good wine!
Thanks for the hospitality yall, we will definitely come back to try that prime rib!Ordered Gator as an appetizer, never had it before and was hesitant but glad I gave it a try. It was cooked to perfection.
For the main course I ordered The Catfish Creole which was delicious. My wine of choice was Moscato which was perfect. 
Great atmosphere, no waiting and service was an added bonus. Will definitely visit again. The other pics are of orders placed at my table.Went for lunch and had a great time. Started with a half dozen oysters and had to order more.  The person preparing the oysters brought over a special dipping sauce. ASK FOR IT!!!  It is a sauce with Worcester sauce, ketchup, lemon and a pepper infused vodka. It is not on the menu but it ought to be. It was a nice surprise. I grew up on horseradish and ketchup...there is more to life.  (The waitress did not know the sauce and so be persistent.) By the way the oysters were great by themselves if you don't get the sauce.I don't give out 5 stars freely, but our dinner at Galliano's deserves all 5. Our server Amy was exceptional and saw to every detail. Amy was professional, considerate and knowledgeable. Our meals were superb and more than we'd hoped for. My husband ordered the corn and she crab chowder which was served in a little crock. The soup was still bubbling when it was served! He ordered the country fried filet which was so tender you didn't need a knife and incredibly tasty. I had the Louisiana fried shrimp and wanted to lick the plate clean. I forget the name of the side that comes with it, but it's similar to a thick corn chowder on a plate with rice on top. They could serve it as an entree in my opinion-wonderful! For dessert we had the pear crumble which was a true work of culinary art-yum! I wish we lived in New Orleans just so we could visit Galliano regularly-but for now we will just have to tell everyone we know to eat there!The food was excellent! I got the chargrilled oysters and the spinach salad with grilled shrimp. My coworker got gumbo and said it was the best he ever had!SO. GOOD. I was in New Orleans for a week for work, and this was the best place that we ate. I was a little wary at first because it wasn't busy at all and it was dinner time, but I guess maybe people don't eat out that much on weeknights in this area. I ordered the crawfish pasta monica, and surprised myself by finishing the entire dish. It was just so good that I couldn't stop! My coworker also ordered it and we were in ecstasy eating it. I can't remember the last time I've had such good food. Everyone at the table enjoyed their dish and I was very proud that I had been the one to find it on Yelp :-DThis was one of the best restaurants my family and I ate at while in NOLA.  Everything we ordered was delicious!  My wife and I ordered the friend chicken thighs, highly recommended.  My Dad ordered the fried filet mignon which was great too!  We also ordered a few sides but our favorite were the vegetables (believe it or not).  The veggies were so good that we ordered a second side of it lol.  Lastly, we split the peach "cobbler" (I'm not sure what it was called but they said it was in season).  It was absolutely amazing and hands down the best dessert we've eaten while in NOLA.  
Atmosphere and service were fantastic as well.So I am a huge Yelper... and I take my reviews very seriously. I came here with my travel partner for a dinner on our last day in NOLA. Came to this place based on reviews. I had the crab dip which was just ok and I had the "our seafood platter" which was pretty good but I don't think it was worth the price. Regardless my friend and I weren't complaining. We even had dessert. The food was decent and then we get to the bill. Our waitress gives us the bill for $146 and we give our cards to split evenly and each card was charged and extra 11.00 for a total extra charge of $22. Now I double checked the receipt and there was no gratuity added .. so we were baffled. Our waitress conveniently dropped off our cards and went on break and was nowhere to be found. Another waitress came to assist and I asked her if they charge for gratuity and she said no. So I showed her the discrepancy and she took the bill back and charged us the right amount. We were annoyed that we had two charges on our cards at this point. We received no explanation as to why we were charged extra all of a sudden. No manager came to us to speak with us. We took so long to leave that our waitress surfaced and never even made eye contact with us. She never came over to apologize or anything. We had to tell her goodnight. So if my calculation serves me right I believe the waitress added a 15% gratuity after we gave our cards for the bill..which doesn't seem to be the restaurant policy. If the waitress is reading this: I'm not sure what your experience has been with people of color but dont assume. I tip well especially when it's due. That final experience rubbed me the wrong way. Customer service is key.Omg. So good.  The raw oysters were so great we ordered another dozen. Specially drinks fabulous. Service at the bar stellar. Duck wings also delicious. 
Seriously, the raw oysters were the best I've ever had.Great place for some authentic, new orleans, cajun fare. I had the smothered chicken which was so beatifully tender and juicy. The wife had the catfish creole which succulent and fried perfectly. Fantastic blend of flavours and truly a pleasure for the senses. Also had the biscuit and gravy witg the cochin de lait, which was awesome. 
Our server Jeff was really good and suggested mist of our dishes. Great guy. Higly reccomend this joint.OMG! Sooo good! Got here when it opened at 5:30. The hostess was super nice and engaging. I decided to sit at the bar and was greeted immediately by the bartender who not only provided a great dirty martini but amazing service as well. Everyone behind the bar was friendly and conversational. The man shucking oysters even gave me free samples (so good). The gumbo had a great presentation and was delicious with a nice bold flavor. Their seafood platter (Creole style) was amazing and well worth the price. Very casual atmosphere in the heart of NOLA and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food. I highly recommend it y'all.I was disappointed after having high hopes for this place. Our meal was very haphazardly delivered. There was no timing to anything, appetizer, soup, salad, meal...all delivered very randomly.
The good part- the she crab chowder was delicious! Served in a hot bowl, full of crab with a delicious creamy broth. We also did the onion rings, very tasty! Lightly breaded with a wonderful sauce.
The bad part - fried filet with gravy, while it sounds interesting, don't do it. It's a lot of fried breadcrumbs with a dash of gravy on top. It's very difficult to even taste the meat with all the breaking.  While the gravy was tasty, it could of used more to help with the dryness from all the breading.
Our server was nice enough but never cleared plates until we were done with our entire meal. The table was a mess. I had also spoken to a manger the day before about it being our friends 40th birthday. While I was assured something special would be done, there was not one mention of anything. 
If you are in the area I think this is a nice enough choice but I would not make a special trip to go there.We had an early dinner here and glad to catch the happy hour. The happy hour drink call Rougeaux is huge- and charbroiled oysters are absolutely delicious! If we were to go there again, will just order small plates and drinks. Dinner, we has crayfish pasta- very heavy on the butter and cream. The fried gulf shrimp were good but i stayed away from fried foods after that.I came here to celebrate my friends birthday.  We shared the bacon wrapped shrimp with grits (amazing) and the fried chicken (also amazing).  I highly recommend making a reservation.  We came here right when they opened and within half an hour the restaurant was packed.  Our server was very attentive and friendly.The food and oysters were great. I would have given 5 stars to this restaurant. 
Unfortunately the waitress was so dishonest. I needed to give a low rating in order to get the management attention. 
The waitress who served our table was #206, Wanda. When we first received the check it was $269. I looked at the check and found some items we did not order. We asked Wanda what were those items. She responded "I know, I know" and quickly took the check away. A minute later she came back with a new check. This time the check amount was $169. If we did not look at the check we would have been overcharged for $100.Delicious! Slightly more upscale southern classics. The friend chicken was good but I think I like the vegetables there almost more than vegetables I have had anywhere! Staff was friendly and helpful. Decorations cute. Highly recommend!I was really looking forward to this place based off of the excellent reviews but I was really disappointed with my experience here. We were seated right away and got our appetizer quickly (raw Oysters) however our entrees took FOREVER to arrive. Our waitress was also not very attentive or friendly, just did the minimum IMO. I was also really disappointed that they did not have the hush puppies as the complementary starter. This was one of the main reasons I chose this restaurant. When I asked the waitress about it she simply said "oh, sorry we're out". Very dismissive and did not offer anything in its place. The food was ok but my catfish was bland and clearly had not been seasoned. Had bread pudding for dessert and that was just ok. Overall disappointed and would not try again.Great service and drinks. Food overall is a 3. The main entrees lacked the hype, but all the side dishes were amazing. 
Fried pork was bland, but moist. The chicken was the same. 
I'd still come back and give it a try.Seldom do you find a restaurant that is literally just steps away from your hotel. And the food is absolutely perfection. Oysters off the chart plump an huge -catfish so moist with perfect batter shrimp & crayfish  maque Choux  
You have to try the app Jean Lafitte Gratin
Dessert Pear cobbler. Sorry grandma but this is the first cobbler that ever came close to yours !! 
If you want excellent food -outstanding personal service and a wonderful time 
YOU GOT TO GO HERE !I dined here while visiting New Orleans for a convention held at the nearby convention center.  The wait staff was polite and attentive.   We started with the duck wings. They were crispy and well seasoned.  I ordered the Fried Wild Caught Louisiana Shrimp served with shrimp & crawfish maque choux & rice. It was delicious.  I added a side of 
Seasonal Covey Rise Vegetables which included kale, brussel sprouts, tomatoes, and cauliflower.  Also delicious.  One guest in my party ordered Shrimp and grits and was underwhelmed.  The shrimp was overcooked and the grits were undercooked.  Another guest has the pot roast and it was also delicious.My wife, 8 year old son, and I stopped in for dinner last night was Galliano did NOT disappoint!  (Almost) everything we had was amazing!!!  Here's a snapshot:
Ville Platte Boudin:  After a bite or two, we quickly realized this dish was not anything we were going to like.  I've eaten boudin a bunch, but perhaps the kitchen got a little too 'creative' and the flavor of this was far from good (imho).  After telling our server that we just didn't like it, it was gone!  Phew!  Unfortunately, the $12 boudin stayed on the check.  Official menu description: Grilled boudin sausage, southern cooked greens, crowder peas, mirliton chow chow, & a blackberry sugar cane glaze.  They could have simplified it and said "Tastes terrible.  $12"
The free hush puppies were a nice touch...however our batch was quite uninspiring, not hot and crispy, but more barely warm and soft.  :(  Free, though.  There's that.
Now...for the main course.  
Pork Chop La Place:  This was amazing (see pic).  It was cooked perfectly, seared nicely and soft and hot on the inside.  It was stuffed with a large piece of Andouille sausage which, on it's own, was great, as well.  The official description off of the menu is:  "Andouille stuffed "Two Run Farm" pork chop topped with pickled red onion rings and tiger sauce served with ham hock cornbread dressing and red beans"  It was perfect and amazing and the best meal I've had in a very LONG time.
Country Fried Filet Mignon:  My wife ordered this and I had a bite.  It was great and she loved it, too.  Official description off of the menu:  "Topped with tasso gravy, served with bacon smothered green beans with new potatoes & rice"
My kid had the popcorn shrimp and loved it.  Generous portion and fries.  Read:  Kid Friendly menu.  He also had a Shirley Temple and loved feeling like a grown up with a fancy grown up looking drink.
Our server with an unfortunate name, Katrina, was SUPER FRIENDLY, attentive and drew my attention to the pork chop as she could tell I was undecided and, for that, I'm forever in her debt.
We'd go back again next trip for sure and would recommend this stop to anyone (with a warning about the boudin, of course!)We really enjoyed our meal, and the restaurant.
First impression - really nice open dining room.  We walked in with no reservation, they were busy, and we were still seated very promptly.
Good drinks. Friendly service. It was nice to go to an upscale neighborhood restaurant away from the Quarter and the tourists.
Food was very good - the double pork chop with andouille sausage is among the most ridiculous things I've ever ever eaten.
One comment I made to my wife sums up the restaurant - "I bet the locals being their out-of-town visiting friends here".
Great place.This is a great restaurant with a warm atmosphere. The staff is attentive and very knowledgeable on beverages, food and the area. We dined here our first night in the city. She had the Shrimp and I had the Pot Roast. These simple comfort foods hit the spot after a long day of traveling. The recommendations on the adult beverages were spot on. We finished up with good conversation with the waiter to make for a great meal. We left for Frenchmen's Street for some jazz before heading back to the hotel.A most hardy thank you to the staff! With my severe Seafood allergy we knew eating out would be difficult in New Orleans . But the staff Dorian, "Seminole", and chef made sure my Anniversary dinner was SAFE, delicious, and amazing. Those collard greens were better than my momma's.
My husband raved over the flavors of his jambalaya and oysters from across the table. Again thank you guys..Great place to eat, smooth setting and awesome customer service. Chicken was fried pretty hard but other than that great experience!Prime rib for two was the most enjoyable piece of meat I have ever had !!
Takes about a hour to cook. We shared a bottle of wine 
I would give this place a 10/10
I sent them a e mail asking them how they made their brown butter sausage and actually sent it to me
I will be trying to make it Christmas Eve dinner !The service is impeccable and friendly.  It gives you a family  feeling . The food was very good.  We had the Jean Baptiste gratin, the citrus garden salad and the fried chicken was absolutely delicious.  My daughter stayed in New Orleans last week and recommend this restaurant to us. Great choice, we will do the same. I had to edit the review to comment about desert.. We had the pear cobbler , my husband doesn't usually eat desert, but I had almost to fight with him for this one. See picture absolutely delicious.Was our favorite restaurant during a 4 day vacation to New Orleans. The food was delicious - southern/creole food prepared for foodies. Of particular interest was the jambalaya and also the boudin (not fried - just super flavorful and delicious). The Bloody Mary was also fantastic - a meal on its own.The raw oysters were good, but the rest of the meal was blah. The service was awful and slow. My son got the wrong meal and my brother never got the drink he ordered. Pick another place for dinner.This restaurant was located across the street from our hotel and we stumbled upon it without doing any research and it was a lovely surprise!
The service staff was phenomenal, and the southern hospitality was very apparent here! 
The gumbo was so good that it set a standard that other restaurants have yet to compare too, and the charbroiled oysters were great too!
Definitely recommend!This place is phenomenal!! We had a party of 15 that consisted of friends and family. Most of us ordered something different and we shared bites of everything. The baked oysters, which is my husband favorite dish were so freaking delicious they were gone in seconds.  I had been craving  dirty rice since I got to New Orleans and I ordered that as a extra side dish, it did not disappoint.  I think only 2 of us ordered the same main dish and like I said before we all shared bites and nothing I everything I put in my mouth left me wanting more. I would recomend this place 1000%Wonderful lunch spot. Amazing seafood--charbroiled oysters were fantastic. Catfish was perfect.Slow service, OK food, and overpriced.  Place looked great.  The host was very helpful in seating us despite the lack of a reservation.  Our orders were taken quickly, then we waited, and waited.  Noticed that none of the tables were getting food.  Guessing there was a problem in the kitchen.  They started serving complimentary hush puppies to all of the tables, but no orders were coming out of the kitchen.  Waited over an hour for our meals.  When my blackened fish came out, it was just OK.  For the quality of food, it was definitely overpriced.  Would not recommend this restaurant.Service was quick and polite. The food was a different story. The gumbo was so incredibly salty that I wondered if they dropped a can of Morton's in it. If they backed off the salt, it would've been decent. The fried chicken and red bean dish was ok. I have to say though, I'd rather go down to Popeyes on Canal and have some chicken.Disappointed. Pork chop was good but the service and seafood platter were a bummer. Our server was not in communication with us at all to the point where the host took our order. If it wasn't for the host and hostess I would give 1 star. I took my wife out for her birthday dinner and of all the amazing restaurants to explore in the city this was a let down. Pork chop was flavorful but dry, as if it had spent too much time under a warmer and Seafood platter tasted good but overpriced for the portion. It's literally 4 small shrimp, 2 fried oysters, 2 oysters on a half shell and a small mahi-mahi filet stacked on a giant slice of bread. We were in town and looking forward to experiencing this spot based on recommendations but won't return or recommend.We had a group of 15 and the food and the service was awesome, DOUG was the lead server and he just did a great job! I had the infused pork chop and it's not your everyday chop, it was 3 inches thick infused with sausage! Wow. Everyone lover the food and the service in the group!We were excited about this restaurant but it was disappointing. We came because of the good Yelp reviews but wouldn't recommend it. Started with the bacon chowder and chicken andouille gumbo. Both were excellent. It took over 30 minutes for our entrees to come out. We ordered the pork chop la place and catfish creole. The pork chop la place was well worth the $30. Super tasty and cooked perfect. The catfish creole was below average and waste of stomach space. We finished the meal with bread pudding for dessert but we might as well have heated something up out of a freezer. The best part was the ice cream. Don't get the bread pudding. 
The ambience was nice and some of the food was excellent. Unfortunately the slow service (took almost 2.5 hours for the whole meal), and the poor catfish/bread pudding make it a one-time visit.Amazing food! Fancy New Orleans fare.  It wasn't too far away from the convention center (hardly a block), where my friends and I were attending a conference. I had the Sunday pot roast, which was beef short ribs with dirty rice. The portions, to me, were good and the flavor every ounce scrumptious! The service was great! And if you're interested in getting a specialty cocktail, their rum-based rougaroux is well worth the money.Hands down, one of the best meals we've ever had. We are from Chicago and are spoiled with choices when it comes to restaurants. We ordered every appetizer on the menu, just to try everything. Nothing was a disappointment and each was better than the next. Best Bloody Mary's ever! Dante was our waiter, and made our experience enjoyable. He was attentive, fun, and knew exactly what we should order. This place is a must. Don't miss out on a gem.THIS. PLACE. We found this place on yelp and boy were y'all right?! First, it has a lovely ambiance, kinda rustic. Nice, but casual and cute. Second, the staff is extremely welcoming, kind, and helpful. Third, the cocktails are delicious and refreshing. Fourth, THE CRAWFISH PASTA. The flavors were so amazing, I did not want to stop eating. True story, a piece of pasta and a crawfish fell on the table and I ATE IT OFF THE TABLE. I can't describe it. It was Cajun but not too spicy. Oh yeah, and there's cheese bread UNDER the pasta. Apparently this place is relatively new, but they definitely know what they're doing. Thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience. On all levels.This was my first time in New Orleans and my first time eating true creole food and it was hands down amazing! I had the corn and she crab chowder and their fried chicken. So so good. And the service was unbeatable. I went at lunch time and it was nice and and relaxed.The service here is excellent. Our waitress was quick, efficient and friendly. The oysters were so fresh and delicious, I almost ordered a 2nd dish. The meals were well prepared and even my children ate everything. It is definitely a great choice.Extremely friendly owner and staff. They hung out and talked to with us as we ate and they did their thing (not in an annoying way). The food was great. Best creole food I have eaten. Just the right spice in the rice and jumbo. Catfish was nice. Free hush puppies made it a full 5 star meal.Thank you Yelp for not letting us down! My fiancé and I decided to get out of the chaos of the French Quarter and have a relaxing dinner at Galliano. Our server Josh was extremely kind, gave us great recommendations and an overall gen.
We started with the hush puppies which in my opinion was average. As for dinner, we ordered the Sunday Pot Roast which was delicious, tender and had the right amount of seasoning. My fiancé ordered the chicken gumbo and loved it as well.
For dessert we enjoyed the banana bread pudding.... A MUST
The overall atmosphere was great, friendly staff and best of all, AMAZING FOOD!We were biking around the area and stumbled upon this area. We came a little after noon so the place wasn't busy. If you are craving southern food, this is the place to be! They also serve cocktail drinks which I had the strawberry lemonade and that was pretty good. 
I was in a soupy mood that day so I ordered the corn, crab, and bacon chowder. I was surprised when it came out in a small pot. If you are really hungry, I don't recommend ordering just this because it was a small portion. However, I wasn't super hungry and thought it was perfect. The chowder was pretty darn good! We also ordered the fried pork chop and big woo dawg (po boy) which were both bigger entrees. I like the po boy more than the pork chop. The big woo dawg had alligator sausage but if I wasn't told that, I wouldn't have known. Meat was good though.
The prices were a bit on the higher side but that's typical of restaurants near French Quarter. Portions are big though so it was fine. Come check out this place if you're nearby!Great local New Orleans restaurant. We had some awesome charbroiled oysters and hush puppies to begin. 
My bf loved the gumbo -- we had only been served catered foods for the first several days so more authentic flavors were a welcome change. He also liked his fried chicken and raved about the red beans and rice. We also got the shrimp and crawfish corn dish, which was outstanding. This was probably our best meal so far down here, and we had great service from several of the staff. Highly recommend, plus it's vey near the hotels and the convention center so it was convenient on the rainy evening.My family and I wanted to try Galliano after seeing them featured on the travel channel. I will start with the good, the dish I ordered, the Sunday pot roast with dirty rice and "poor man's gravy" was delicious although the portion size was small. The beef was tender and the rice was delicious and that gravy was rich and flavorful. Now the bad...both of my kids and myself have a shellfish allergy as does a large amount of other people. That being said my son ordered fried catfish and my daughter ordered the fried catfish and French fries off of the children's menu. The waiter told us they only have one fryer and all items are fried in the same fryer, ex shrimp, fish, French fries etc. There wasn't anything else on the menu appealing to a child. The waiter did speak with the chef and try to come up with an alternative which was to fry the catfish in the skillet. We're thinking the fish would still be fried to a golden crisp as I make fried catfish in a frying/skillet all the time. However this fish came out disgusting without any seasoning. Just a pale colored fish with nothing, and it tasted like nothing. Very disappointing that a restaurant would not have enough foresight to realize there are people with shellfish allergies and there should be 2 fryers. Also you should fry everything in one fryer as it will all taste the same. I don't want my fried chicken tasting like fish and vice versa. Also the hush puppies were luke warm and not that great.What a fantastic dinner!!!  6 of us went and we all loved our meals (and tried each other's with complete agreement) so get the gumbo, Monica/Vermonica, onion rings, corn bacon chowder, and then finish with the berry cobbler or bananas foster!   Seriously, it was all awesome and our server Doug was knowledgeable and friendly!!!After our plans for the day got thrown off a bit we checked Yelp for a dinner spot on our way back from Audubon Park. This fit the bill based on the reviews. Walking in, the ambience was really great. Not overly loud, but still lively. It was a great place to sit down and relax after a long day of walking. We didn't have a reservation, but they were able to seat us right away. And we were ready to feast! They brought out some complimentary hush puppies and tartar sauce to start... so good. We then ordered the marinated gator (bc we had to try gator, right?) The presentation was beautiful and the flavors were well thought out. Gator is not bad at all! The gumbo was awesome and 100% authentic. We also ordered the catfish w/ shrimp & chicken creole... I want to bathe in the shrimp & chicken creole... as well as the crawfish pasta monica which was so flavorful and a very generous serving size... as in enough to take back to the hotel and eat in bed, like the gluttons we are. The service was a little slow at times, but nothing that would stop me from returning or giving a passionate recommendation to anyone. Would absolutely go back!PORK CHOP! I just need to cut to the chase here. No lofty platitudes about this and that. Yeah everything was great, server great, duck wings great, grilled oysters, decor, proper ply of Tp in the can--all great! 
Now about that pork chop! What the hell? This was the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen. A veritable monument of succulent swine 4-5 inches tall. Its very core filled with andouille. Three bones, three entire chops standing so tall this it listed slightly to the right--the leaning tower of Pigza! Close encounters of the Pork Kind! I want to dream about this thing and sculpt it in mashed potatoes!
At the base of the entree was a delicious ham hock corn bread and red beans. On top, like a crazy edible ring toss, lay three delicious pickled red onion onion rings--the best damn onion rings I have ever had! But I would recommend you avoid all of this lest you become too full to finish your pork as I did. At the time that I tapped out (it was Wrestlemania week so this is appropriate terminology) there was still more meat left on the plate than would accompany any mere mortal entree. I pushed it to the center of the table and watched my party descend on it like jackals on a wounded antelope. 
This is simply the greatest pork dish know to mankind.Waited 1 hour and no food , unprofessional,not satisfied!not recommending it.i would put zero star if yelp would allow me.Came here for lunch and was not disappointed! Oysters, fried chicken, and banana fosters bread pudding was to die for! We sat at the bar and the service was great as were the drinks!Tuesday night was not too busy. Stopped in with a party of three and decided to sit at the bar. Charlie and Colleen helped serve us at the bar. Charlie was amazing. He was helpful and suggested delicious dishes, gave us some insight on how the restaurant was named, and was attentive & friendly the entire visit. 
We started off with the raw oysters and duck wings.  Let me tell you, wow. The raw oysters came in a bakers dozen and were so fresh and large. I thought it was a good price for the Proust. The duck wings - oh my god - fall off the bone. The flavor was so great too. 
Next we got the Crawfish Pasta Monica. Loved the flavor there. The little crawfish inside were full of flavor and tasty. 
We tried a few of the side dishes and were not dissapointed at all!! We ended the night with the banana bread pudding - you really can't go wrong with that. 
We had such a great experience and would definitely be back if we are in the area again.Loved this place! The food is excellent everywhere in New Orleans, of course. When we couldn't get a table at Rebirth, we popped over here and ate at the bar. The bartenders were great and really helpful with recommendations. We had the Crawfish Pasta Veronica, the southern fried pork chops, and the southern fried filet. Everything was fantastic! The pasta was perfectly cooked, the sauce was rich and creamy without being too heavy and the crawfish was fresh and flavorful. The southern fried dishes were outstanding; all plates were practically licked clean! I would absolutely come here again. Their charbroiled oysters are also out of this world!There was a black bug in the chips that came with my New Orleans BBQ Shrimp Poboy. I didn't want any more food from there, as I was disgusted, and the host brought more chips. I didn't eat them. He eventually did say he would remove the meal from the receipt, but then removed the wrong meal and my table had to get the bill readjusted. 
The Poboy was good, but tread wisely. I've never found a bug in my food in a restaurant until I ate here. Would not recommend.I had the seafood platter the with had the pork chop.  Excellent meal.  Well prepared, well presented and service was GREAT.THE best raw oysters I had throughout the trip in New Orleans, fresh enough but different from the over strong taste of sea oysters in Boston. Definitely one of the best customer service I ever experienced. Everyone is so pumped to work and dedicated every inch of emotion into us. TBH it is pricy but absolutely worth the cost! I believe they got the authentic local food but you know what, how could me to say. I liked it, a lot!Just. Wry very good service was good food was out of this world but save room for house made desert! Must go!I grabbed a quick counter service lunch here and left wanting more. I ordered two dishes that made up my overly satisfying lunch. The crab étouffée with steamed rice was the best étouffée I have ever had. I was literally scrapped the plate to get up what little remnants were left when I was finished. I also ordered the she crab chowder. Like a typical chowder with smoky bacon, potato, celery, and corn chunks and of course the star, crab. It was heavenly. I particularly loved the presentation of the chowder. It is served in a piping hot baby cast iron caldron. I can't wait to go back for the dinner service.Service was great at the bar. The salads were great but the hush puppies were so so. The bisque was very smoky tasting and was not liked by the other person in my party. I would recommend coming here if you don't like busy places.GO HERE!!! If you are in New Orleans please take my advice and you will not be disappointed. The service is outstanding but even better than that the food and drink  is spectacular... we live in Los Angeles and if I could take this restaurant back I would. The manager Doug (really hope I remembered your name right ) is by far the best! He is really into talking to his customers and he treats his staff so well, hell I wanted  to work there! The Oysters are by far the freshest I've ever had and their version of the Hurricane is by far more outstanding than any other one you can get in New Orleans. We tried a little sample of Doug's Homemade Bloody Mary Mix and I am bummed I didn't get my ass outta bed this morning to go back for one. I can't say enough good things about this place but just go!!!!!Friendly staff, great food and welcoming regulars. Can't say enough for the wonderful dinner we had. Call for reservations.Food was fantastic! Especially oysters and gumbo!
Service was excellent! Ask for Whitney.
Fun atmosphere.Read these good reviews and then get to this restaurant... it's excellent! My husband, daughter and I went here the night before we moved our daughter into Tulane her freshman year... it was walkable from our hotel which was by the Convention Center in a slower, quieter area of town (when the convention center isn't packed). Really nice rustic atmosphere with lots of space in the restaurant where you don't feel crowded. Extremely friendly service - Josh was our server and was helpful in his food suggestions and quick service. I highly recommend the Prime Rib for 2 (which could be for more like 3) which is a large flame grilled (on all sides) cut with sides of mashed potatoes and greens (if you are not into southern cooking you may want to switch out the greens for something else... but mash you will be asking for an extra side they are so good). I had the crawfish pasta - super tasty. For dessert, the CRUMBLE is amazing with fresh berries and homemade crust in a cast iron skillet - must have!The staff was so nice.  They gave us wine on our anniversary and were great  with the customer service.
The food was good.  I had the crawfish pasta and my wife had the fried shimp.
Its worth it.This place has really good food, it can get a little pricey but the good thing is Groupon does have a coupon for this place. I really loved the catfish plate and the chicken fried steak. I mean everything here is good especially the charbroiled oysters.Huge letdown for me!  I had the BBQ Shrimp Po Boy based on my bartenders recommendation and was pretty  surprised what a poor value it was.  The STALE bread (Inside & Outside) was only maybe 6".  When the outside of the bread is hard and wrinkly and inside isn't soft-it was obvious it's been around for a couple of days.  The potato chips had a bit of a greasy taste to then and were also stale.  I was given 3 hush puppies to start-they were room temp and soft on the outside.  They seemed like they were thawed and served not heated in any way i.e. Fryer or oven.  Should have just said it was corn bread!  On a positive note, that got 2 stars instead of 1, the Bloody Mary was very tasty as as the gumbo.  I'm just really shaking my head on how bad the BBQ Shrimp Po Boy was!Wonderful food and atmosphere.  Highly recommend to people of all ages!  Keep up the great food and service!On a girls trip with my babies and this is our first stop of the evening. There wasn't much of a wait but after we were seated like 5 minutes later the place was packed. We had gator, shrimp and grits and I can't remember the name of the other dish but it came with sliced fresh bread and a crab dip of some sort and OMG it was all amazing. Loved the food and the environmentI came with a group of 6 for lunch during a break in a conference. We were seated immediately, and we placed our order pretty soon afterwards. We got our drinks and then proceeded to wait more than an hour with no food delivered. I ended up having to cancel my order because I was going to be late getting back to my session. I don't know if they were just understaffed or what, but I cannot recommend this place if you're on any kind of a schedule.Location was very close to our hotel (Embassy Suites) and the yelp reviews weren't bad so we decided to give it a try. Service was top notch, probably was some of the best service we received while visiting NOLA. I got the signature stuffed pork chop which was humungous. But the cornbread stuffing and the red beans that it came with was amazing as well. Fried chicken that my companion got was a little over fried. Prices weren't bad ended up being around $60 for both of us with drink.Wonderful food and wonderful staff! They went above and beyond to help me celebrate my birthday and my first time eating oysters! We're staying in NOLA for a week and definitely going to go back before we leave :)Had the grilled oysters app and fried chicken entree. The grilled oysters were really good, but I would love some of the garlic butter to dip my bread in. The fried chicken was fantastic, excellent crust that was light and very crispy. An added bonus was that both pieces, breast and thigh, were boneless. The infused Bloody Mary's were great and the bartender that served them, Elle, was awesome.Wonderful food and good service. I went for Tuesday lunch, so it was a bit empty. The food is a bit on the expensive side, but I personally felt it was worth it. My fried catfish was cooked to perfection. The staff was also very nice.Very convenient to convention center. Went on a Thursday at lunch hour and though the restaurant seemed to have plenty of tables, they weren't seating my party of two since they were supposedly at capacity. Wish the hostess had exercised better judgment as people do back out of reservations! Had a tasty po boy that was satisfactory and got some tasty hush puppies. Would go again, but will make a reservation!So let me start off by saying, wanted to try something new and seen great reviews on this place. We came in for dinner service and our server greeted us with great energy! We ordered the chargrilled oysters and they were to die for, absolutely amazing flavor. My husband ordered the blackened fish and I ordered the crawfish pasta Monica and they both were so full in flavor. Our server was so helpful and full of answers for our questions and did an amazing job. I would give more stars if they had them and will be back soon to this place!Walked to this place tonight Sept. 27th 2017 after our tradeshow. Walked in without a reservation and sat at the bar. We sat down and had a great glass of wine. We saw a plate being served and asked what it was because it looked amazing. It was bacon wrapped Filet Mignon. I ordered it. It came with 2 separate 4oz pieces with different sauces. It came with southern cooked greens and the most amazing mashed potatoes I have ever eaten.  It was unbelievable! Probably the best plate I have eaten in a very long time. Very fair priced and a casual comfortable environment.  Go and get the Old World Tournedos. Truly amazing. I was able to see the Chef and gave him my sincere compliments. Amazing food and amazing service.In town for work and staying nearby, I wandered in and sat at the end of the bar. I ordered the pork chop and shrimp/grits appetizer. Both were amazing, to say the least. However, my inspiration for writing this review comes from some of the staff. Authentic and personable, Curtis struck up a conversation while shucking oysters. As an introvert that enjoys keeping to himself, I'm not usually one to enjoy much conversation with people I don't know. However, Curtis was personable, engaging, and genuine. He made this lone traveler feel welcome, and because of him,  I'll definitely be back.All this girl wanted during her visit to NOLA was some good chicken gumbo. Restaurant after restaurant, she was disappointed not just by the gumbo but most of the other dishes as well. Maybe it was because she was in the touristy area of the French Quarter / Warehouse District? Still, she isn't a picky eater and just wanted to enjoy some good food. 
Thank goodness the last and final meal was at Galliano's. Hush puppies served in a miniature frying basket w tarter sauce made her smile and was a sweet surprise. Salad w fresh vegetables that tasted like they came from the farmer's market made her feel healthy again. Finally, delicious hearty, well seasoned gumbo with just the right amount of rice hit the right spot.  All the food was served by a warm and lovely server. Thank you, Galliano's for making the walk worth it and sending me back home with a content tummy!The food and service was very good. Galliano's was a last minute decision that proved to be the day's highlight. Dined on the Pork Chop La Place. It was delicious with the accompanying red beans a standout. I wasn't a fan of the sweetish-tasting cornbread dressing, but many are. We had drinks as well. All and all a very good meal and service.Everything I ordered was DELICIOUS. We had the crab dip appetizer and gumbo. Best gumbo I've ever had. The crab dip was different, but yummy. The crawfish pasta was delicious, the sauce had a little sweetness to it the complimented the dish well. My husband had the fried chicken, which was boneless, but seasoned and fried to perfection. Can't wait to go back.What an experience last night at Galliano. We were walking around and trying to find somewhere for a late dinner and stumbled upon Galliano. Tables were full but we found a seat at the end of the bar and it ended up making the night. We sat right in front of John, the gentleman who shucks Oysters. Lots of laughs, stories and food recommendations (along with finding some pearls!) As for the food, exceptional. We had the grilled oysters and fried gator tail (which we were informed is cut a different way than typical tail which makes it more tender VS chewy) all great. My wife had the seafood platter for dinner and I got talked into the Pork Chop La Place. Man am I glad I listened to that recommendation. Double thick pork chop stuffed with an incredible andouille sausage and topped with their pickled onion rings. A nice whiskey selection for the drinks and the wait staff kept our water topped off. Very impressed that one of the folks that kept checking on us and bringing food was one of the owners. Love seeing someone passionate about their restaurant and being hands on. We promised to come back for more oysters before we leave and that's a promise I don't intend to break!Make sure you come on the weekend only, we came for our second visit on a Monday night - TERRIBLE! Owner and/or manager must not be in on weekdays. Neither the pot roast my husband had nor the chicken I ordered was seasoned. Our first visit was on a Friday night and it was phenomenal, completely different experienceThe chargrilled oysters were absolutely some of the best I've ever eaten and I've eaten them all over the south!   Our server was sent off on an unexpected errand but another server stepped up.  Can't remember his name but he was from Birmingham originally.  He really made sure the rest of our evening went well.  The manager sent bread pudding to the table as a gratuity for our understanding.  Delicious and greatly appreciated!  Will definitely be going back.We ordered pork chop (this was a special and recommended by the server) and some other chicken dish. Both plates were extremely over salted. We couldn't finish anything, just had a few bites and that was enough. I mean, do they even try their food before putting it on the menu?My wife and I tried this place while visiting New Orleans after reading the rave reviews people have posted.  We were not disappointed.  The service was great and the food was top notch.  Our server was outgoing, attentive, and made some great recommendations for dishes to try.  Every dish we tried was simply delicious (chargrilled oysters, pork chop, seafood pasta, chocolate layer cake).  There are few places where I walk away with no constructive criticism, but this is one.  I wouldn't change a thing.The is the BEST place I have ever been in while being in new Orleans on business. 
Food and service was fantastic. 
Btw.   I never rate dinner places until tonight. I will strongly recommend thiua place and will return.Really enjoyed our meal there. We had a family of four and for the price compared to the touristy (although fun) place up the street, your food value is way better here. Well made meals with good flavor. We had fried oysters, two orders of the beef, and an order of gulf shrimp. Many other things sounded good. All of the sides had their own distinct flavors. Felt more like a local establishment than other places in the area. Just upscale enough atmosphere and ambiance was nice. Owner/managers really attentive to providing service.Absolutely delicious! I have been here a few times, and each experience has been equally delightful. The jambalaya is my favorite in town! The Camp salad is a tasty mix of flavors and a perfect example of how a menu item may sound basic, but upon tasting it, your tastebuds are excited! I thought I was going to get a simple side salad, but ended up with a new favorite! Oysters are fresh, bar drinks are crafted, and food is cooked to perfection. I have had to wait from time to time for an order, but for the quality of the food it's understandable. The staff is always pleasant. I will be back!Great food. Pretty large portions. The pork chop stuffed w sausage is phenom. Fried gator and shrimp n grits apps were exciting starts. Nice roomy dining space. Pretty casual. Kinda pricy and the waitress service was a bit clunky.  The kid clearing tables and expediting saved the day really. 
I would go back. But i wouldn't be in a huge rush.3.5 stars. The food is comforting and savory. Crab & corn chowder is particularly flavorful, the kind of thing you want to just keep eating. 
Service is friendly and low-key. Environment is definitely casual--a few TVs, but it's a good place to take kids. 
The bad: We ordered an apple tart for dessert. It was baked in a cast iron skillet that hadn't been seasoned properly, so there was black, metallic-tasting residue on half of it. The weird thing: Our server said he'd get it taken off the bill, and it was, but apparently the manager wouldn't let him take it off, and he'd bought it for us. Not sure why the manager thought serving metal-coated apples was something we--or anyone--ought to pay for. (We tipped big.) It was an odd way to end what otherwise was a perfectly satisfying meal. 
Despite that, I would come back. It's reasonably priced, tasty, and easy to get to.Calling all foodies... this place is nothing short of AMAZING!!! From the rustic decor, to the extensive bar, limited, but fresh and local menu to the wonderful service, this place is a complete 5 star! 
I recommend the pork chops la place. They were thick, juicy and perfectly cooked with a nice smoky flavor and stuffed with andouille sausage. If that doesn't sound perfect enough they add three, perfectly cooked and pickled,  onion rings with a Chinese/hot sauce on the side for dipping. The sauce  alone is worth tasting!
I also recommend the seafood platter. The chargrilled oysters were the best gulf oysters I have found. This plate is straight perfection. 
To end our meal, we indulged in the white chocolate bread pudding. It was addicting and topped off with house made vanilla ice cream. 
On top of our delicious food,  I was delighted when they were happy to meet, and exceed,  the needs of my picky three year old. 
This is a must stop!!!I enjoyed my Mother's Day lunch at galliano's! From the moment I walked in the door, I felt the warm welcome of southern hospitality. I started with an appetizer of boudin, which had just the right amount of spice,and oh so good.The second appetizer was a serving of hush puppies with home made tarter sauce,which was delicious.My main course was fried shrimp  that came with crawfish etouffee as well.I loved it! Everything was seasoned to perfection.A nice glass of wine from the bar brought it all together.A visit from Chef Barry at the table, made it even more special.What a fabulous meal ,and great service.Thanks to all of you there.    Rebecca from sun city ArizonaI may have ruptured my stomach eating the pork chop la place, and it was totally worth it. My wife had the crawfish monica, and our friends had the smothered chicken. We also had a 1/2 dozen of the chargrilled oysters. Everything was delicious. It was about as comforting as food can be, especially after a day of parading during Mardi Gras. Highly recommended.Sadly not my favorite place in NOLA. Fried chicken was over-fried. Bread pudding was too thick and the sauce didn't soak into it. Sides were good - the rice and beans and cornbread stuffing. Husband wasn't a fan of the pork chop either. Definitely preferred Restaurant Rebirth which is right down the street.Amazing food and amazing service. Our server, Fernando was super helpful and friendly. We ordered raw oysters, gumbo, fried chicken and smoked chicken. Everything was delicious. Highly recommend this spot for a nice dinner.Our waiter was fast and friendly.   He highly recommended the fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had.   Not too formal and not too casual.  Very clean.I had the seafood gumbo and the seafood platter. My compadre had the gator and the catfish. All dishes were excellent! I also indulged in a Bloody Mary. It was good but not great. Extremely spicy.  The service was better then the food and the food was outstanding. This spot will be a must go to on all my trips to NOLA.Fast service at the bar, but the blackened fish was tasteless and overpriced for the small portion size.Wow! I'm not sure how we got so lucky finding a restaurant with a knowledgeable and loyal waitstaff. We picked 3 of Jeff's (our waiter)  8 recommendations and we were both floored! The food and drinks were so excellent! Their sister restaurant is on our list to try next (Restaurant Rebirth).  Our waiter Jeff, was so excellent, very knowledgeable and has excellent recommendations! 
He noticed that we added a Splenda to our cocktail , and asked the bartender to add some simple syrup to our next drink order! If you go to New Orleans, mark this place down as a "must go".  It's that good!