We were told that the bloody Mary's here were awesome. Nice people but the bloody was not worth the 1/2 mile walk.  It was definitely worth checking off the list though.   All the staff were really niceHome of the original ice cream daquari! This spot was a must do for me. I love gazebos and it sounded so fun to go check out. There is plenty of seating outside around the main gazebo where drinks are made. You can get the drinks on the rocks or blended. Always blended!! Lots of flavor options as well but went with one of the recommendations the bartender gave me. 
These drinks are absolutely delicious and great to sip on while you listen to some live music and people watch in this fun area. It seems like they often have live music here. It was the perfect treat as a dessert and an alcoholic drink! There's plenty of seating so we didn't have any issue sitting for a while to enjoy everything. We weren't rushed out either. 
Prices are reasonable and the service was good here. I would highly recommend checking this place out! I didn't do food here, just the drinks, but the menu looked good as well. Plenty of options for your group when going out. If you're just going for drinks you can order straight with the bartender and take your drinks and find a seat. 
Ice cream daquari!! Do I need to write any more to convince you?!The take out drink booth around back is the best. They make the drinks for you pretty fast. Grasshopper ice cream daiquiri wasn't on the menu but they make it for you anyway. 
Would make a good shake kind of thing without alcohol for the kids. 
Real yummy, but not anything I would assume they're famous for. Right next to the French Market so get a drink and go check out that.Didn't have any food just the strawberry daiquiri with ice cream and it was awesome! Definitely recommend having one!Good food and great environment to relax have something to eat and listen to some musicLive music = awesome. 
Food = pretty good. 
Ice Cream Daiquiris = yummy and sweet, but don't have very much alcohol in them. 
Service = alright. 
All in all, probably wouldn't eat there often but maybe visit for a snack once in a while to enjoy the music.Alcoholic Ice cream milkshakes..... need I say more?
Staff was very friendly and the music was greatWe ordered mango drink and mocha almond drink which had chocolate syrup,ice cream,Irish cream was extremely good. There was plenty of seating in open area and covered roof, right next to park. Staff was not too friendly.Got the strawberry daiquiri made with ice cream.  Very refreshing and definitely had rum!  Did not eat there. The band was greatGreat authentic New Orleans experience. The open air cafe next to a courtyard was very nice. Our waitress was very accommodating and sweet. The jambalaya was tasty. The drinks were cold and refreshing. The live music was an added treat and very entertaining.We ducked in here to get out of the rain, where I discovered ice cream daiquiris! New Orleans has officially become my favorite place on Earth! Even though it's raining there are plenty of tables to sit out out of the rain and you could order appetizers and things. They were playing some really good jazz music, restroom right around the corner, what's really nice about this place is that it's near a lot of shopping so if some of your party doesn't want to go in stores that can hang out there and enjoy the Daiquiris! Wait staff are really sweet and very nice. Will definitely be back!After a long, hot day working in the Big Easy, I came across this gem of a place. Excellent food and drink along with great atmosphere. Home of the ice cream daiquiris, I had the banana daiquiri along with a fried gator po' boy. Outside eating along with a cool live band that played everything. They know how eat, drink and relax in NOLA!The Gazebo Cafe was the first place I stopped to eat at upon arriving to New Orleans, LA. I was staying in the French Quarter and decided that my first stroll would be through the French Quarter and over to the French Market. There were lots of vendors set up in the outdoor market areas which made it tough to decide where to eat. I stumbled upon The Gazebo Cafe knowing nothing about it and decided to eat there because there were outdoor tables, live music, it was next to a small park, and most of all I was hungry and it was convenient. 
My mother and I were immediately greeted and seated at a seat of our choice upon entering the outdoor seating area (I'm not even sure if they have indoor seating). The staff was friendly and attentive. It definitely had a casual cafe vibe. My mom ordered boiled shrimp, I ordered the cheese fries (I was craving something unhealthy) and we split a cup of gumbo. 
When the food arrived we were presented with a big cardboard basket of fries smothered in orange cheddar cheese served with a side of ranch dressing. My mom's shrimp also came out in a big cardboard basket. They were large, unpeeled, and still had the legs and eyes attached. If you're a little squeamish and/or lazy, the shrimp is probably not for you. She said it was tasty but would have preferred it if it had been peeled. The gumbo had nice flavor. I learned that I'm not a huge fan of gumbo while on this trip however for what gumbo is, I feel it was prepared well.
Overall it was a nice casual spot to visit to sit outside and listen to some music while in the French Market.Awesome spot for grabbing a drink near the French Market. The bartender here was working her ass off getting the orders in...you could tell she had a lot of traffic during Mardi Gras. Mostly mixed drinks here, but they carry all the Abitas too. I know since I mistakenly ordered a bomber of Andygator to walk around with :pMy cousin, a native New Orleanian is always raving about this place so I knew I just had to try it. My first few attempts failed since they close earlier than many of the places around this area. The wait was worth it, I tried the Strawberry Ice Cream Daiquiri and chose to sit outside and listen to the live band play. The daiquiri wasn't over saturated with booze, but it still had a little kick. This is the perfect guilty pleasure on a regular day to enjoy in NOLA.Great place to chill. Better than Cafe du Monde in the French Market because there is live jazz and its next to a park. Nice views, great atmosphere. The staff is great too. My server, Blake, was very attentive and courteous. The manager Raff is a riot. Great play to pass the time if you have some work to do, want to read outdoors, etc.This place is fantastic. We had a shrimp po-boy and it was very good. The bread was soft, chewy, and fresh and the shrimp was tasty. More than though, the service was fantastic! Our server was friendly, welcoming, and very nice! We sat outside and a jazz band played but not too loud while we ate. It was perfect!Totally enjoyed! .... The Gazebo Bloody Mary was so good!  Had the fried alligator with remoulade sauce and thought it was very tasty. Unlike other reviews I didn't think it had too much breading. Thoroughly enjoyed the live jazz band. Musically they are amazing .... Vocally, well,  they bring a smile.I don't care what anyone says, Gazebo Cafe  has the BEST hurricane in the Quarter.great little cafe in the french market.  live band and good service. Muffaletta was delicious.  Split it with a friend and its a very inexpensive lunch.Great drinks and wonderful drinks.  Raffle is truly fantastic and has helped make our trip to New Orleans memorable.  Raffle rocks!!!!If you ever stayed at a Hampton Inn, the food from that buffet is what you can expect here...nothing NOLA on the menu. Good coffee. Jazz band. That earns 2 stars. Eggs were cold & like rubber. Sausage links taste like those brown & serve turkey links. Bread pudding still wet inside.  The biscuits do not hold up - probably drop biscuits rolled & cut. All in all, it won't kill you, but it ain't worth living for.We hit this cafe up on a recent visit to NOLA and we had quite the pleasant surprise. We ordered the fried alligator and fried crawfish and had a banana split ice cream daiquiri. Everything was wonderfully seasoned and the cocktail sauce was a perfect complement to it. The daiquiri was just plain delicious. The waiter was super helpful and gracious and made our visit just that much more pleasant. If you're looking for a little cafe where you can hear some of that music that New Orleans is famous for or you want to do some people watching, this is a great little place to do itLove the outdoor seating and people watching for sure. Located near the art district and very relaxing 
Had PO boys and fries. So good our server was so nice and made us feel at home.  
One negative lots a pigeons  hanging around under your feet 
Jazz band playing quaint atmosphere try there ice cream Daiquiri. 
Very touristyHave been to this great city many times, this last time was one of the best times. Raffle was one of the reasons.   He was what you want when visiting a town.  Raffle was funny, knowledgeable, and  hospitable.   He made you feel that no question was crazy.   Great service, great food, and honestly, some of the best drinks in the French Quarter.  Do yourself a favor, go see Raffle, get a drink and see where the day takes you.  You won't be sorry.   By the way, did I say see Raffle...Nice band playing while you sit out and have drinks and/or lunch.  We just went for cocktails which were $5.75 for vodka and cranberry.So I can't review the actual cafe, BUT I did partake in some cocktails from the to go counter, and I adore their bloody mary filled with pickled veggies and spices!! They also make a mean mudslide. Definitely my go to stop for that morning drink in NOLA, where drinking at all times is required!Back here for Jazz Fest '16, some 2 years later after I was last in NO.   I went to the fest yesterday and found it to be too crowded.   It seems like the promoters oversold the venue and that made for a less then ideal experience.  So today,  I decided to hang out in the French Quarter and stopped in the Gazebo Cafe on a low humidity 80 degree sunny day,  with a cool constant breeze coming off the Mississippi River.  Just as I remember it,  an old school style 3 piece jazz band was playing fantastic music and the crowd really seemed to enjoy them too.   I ordered the jambalaya and washed it down with 2 cold coronas.  The Jambalaya was excellent!  It had the right balance of heat and spiciness; combined with sliced sausage and pulled pork,  this dish downright delicious.   Reggie was my server today and he was attentive but not intrusive. He did a very good job.   Raffle still works here but was working a different section.  It was good to see Raffle again and meet Reggie. If you don't make GC one of your stops while in NO,  your missing out.Ordered seafood combo. Their fish were cooked just right. Love it. They recommended fried alligators. I tried but no a fan. The texture was fine but the taste was weird. Great service.A great way to cool off and enjoy some jazz after strolling through the French market. We had the mudslide and banana split ice cream daiquiri. Very delicious!The food was just okay. The frozen drinks are watered down. The best thing about the place is the live music.A very good and laid back place to enjoy live music and drinks. The food is good too. I ordered the chicken fingers and daquiri .Loved this place! Our server (Brandon G.) was outstanding! We had our dogs with us, and when I asked if we would be able to eat there with them, he very enthusiastically told us of course! Bring the dogs in! He showed us to a lovely shaded area, that had plenty of room for our dogs. In less than 2 minutes, a bowl of water was brought to us for our dogs. They were given plenty of attention. :) 
The food was great (I had the fried chicken sandwich and my husband had the crawfish po boy). The french fries are AMAZING! 
And the service was wonderful. Brandon took excellent care of my husband, me, and our dogs. 
We felt so welcome here. Plus the patio seating area is lovely. I highly recommend this place, and Brandon!Must have is a Muffaleta. Outdoor seating. Good bloody Mary's.  Waiter was out of this world so friendly so  Attentive  and funny.We were in the area for Mardis Gras and on our bucket list was to have gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, and a muffaletta. We had plans of places to go for these things, however our 11 month old daughter was not cooperating. We barely made it through the market before she bad a meltdown and we knew we had to stop and get food or we were done for the day. 
The Gazebo Cafe was right there and was not crowded. There was a band playing and the weather was great to sit outside so we picked a table and the waitress came over immediately. She was super helpful and friendly and helped us decide what all to get.
The food came out to us minutes after we ordered, which was awesome! And to top it off it was delicious! The Red Beans and Rice were sooooo good! The muffaletta was good, and the jambalaya was superb. 
I would highly recommend! Price wise, its exactly what you'd expect to pay in the middle of everything and the portions are very large.Food was delicious, great pricing, and exceptional service!!! We have several little ones and the staff was super helpful and great with our littles (and us)!Casual and comfortable place in the middle of the French Quarter.  Outdoor seating that allows dogs.  In fact t they love the dogs.  Wrigley got his water bowl and belly scratches before he humans for their needs met.  Works for me!   You can hear live music and can choose shade or sun.  
The crawfish hush puppies were extremely flavorful, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Classic muffuletta.  A half muffuletta was more than enough for anyone!  Chicken Po'Boy was quite dry. Serves me right for not going with more local faire!  All I all a great way to take a real, especially with a 4-legged friend.Definitely the best daiquiris we have had in a long time. Mocha almond freeze for me and peach for my friend. Appetizer sampler was the perfect snack for our morning of sightseeing. The weather was perfect.Good food and great environment to relax have something to eat and listen to some music .... Dinner ask for raffel.... Nashville is a good server but let's be real he needs some more experience. Po boy sausage gator was greatOutdoor cafe with an excellent location right next to a quaint park. You feel like you're close to the "action" yet in a place you can relax.
I had bloody mary's which were some of the tastiest I've ever had garnished with pickled green beans, olives, and pickled onions. For food, I had the muffaletta -- it was quite tasty. I had the half and, unless you're REALLY hungry, that's what I'd recommend.
The service was wonderfully friendly and there was live blues by talented muscians...during lunch!The Gazebo Cafe was an outdoor cafe with limited seating. They had a food menu, but I bought a Strawberry Daiquiri with Ice Cream ($6.75) on their drink menu. My friend ordered a Strawberry Margarita ($7.75) and a Fried Alligator ($9.95). It took a few minutes to prepare and it was worth the wait for a hot day. The Strawberry Daiquiri with Ice Cream was good and I didn't really taste the alcohol. The girl who prepared our drinks was nice and seemed to be the one in charge based on what I saw. Good place to stop for a drink on a hot day.This is the perfect place to hit when your diversions bring you down near the river. I happened to be headed back from the French Market, and since I had a sudden craving for a blended beverage, I stopped and purchased a rum rummer. I did not regret it. It packed quite a punch yet lost no delicious points in the process. The price wasn't bad at all either. 
I'd love to eat here on their outdoor patio; it seems a great way to relax and people watch.The service was terrible, but it's a covered patio with live music so you just can't be mad! I had one of their Gazebo bloody Mary's - whew what a great way to start the morning! Spicy, flavorful and STRONG vodka! Also had the gumbo, my first time ever really having that - it was good! If you're looking for light crowd and a nice breeze, check this place out for sure!Enjoyed a late lunch right next to the stage where some performers were playing great music. The restaurant is very casual, so if you prefer the in-restaurant dining experience, this isn't for you. The food came out quick and our waiter was outstanding. If you want a quick bite while you people watch, stop by. The virgin Piña Colada was superb.Ice cream daiquiri??? Yes.  All wonderful.  Great live music all day.  I did not eat here but other people food looked good.  Service was pretty crappy. Only 1 guy that was cheerful and any help. Rest of the staff just moped around.We stopped here for a round of drinks and an appetizer after spending an hour and a half in the French Market.  Our waitress was almost immediately disinterested in us after figuring this out.  Which is a shame for her because we normally tip really, really well.  Anyhow.  The drinks were fantastic and the music was great! The app was okay but the gumbo looked amazing!  The waitress was on the low end of what I'd expect at a sit down but what-evs!  I highly recommend for the drinks if you find yourself stumbling out of the market already a little hungover.  Get a Creole-Splash... yum!Very nice area good music nice place to take a break and grab a bite to eat. Had the app sampler it was very good first time trying alligator. Nice server would recommend. Taking in the view and relaxing with yummy foodPerfection! We had walked to another restaurant and they wouldnt allow our kids inside. We then found this little gem. We were in florida for a few days so I was sick of seafood, but I was pleasantly surpised here. We ordered too much, but it was all good. The ice cream drinks were yummy! There was a live band too. My husband and I both said it was way better than any of the seafood we had in florida. Great place! The service could have been a tad faster but very friendly.Awesome place to sit in the patio and have a delicious blood Mary. This is one our traditions each time we come to NOLA. Live music is great. I have never tried the food here. This place is just awesome for patio relaxing. Bloody Mary's and live jazz on our walk to the French market.Starting off the waitress was really friendly. There is music playing which gives the feel of New Orleans. Their gumbo is one of tastiest ever! But their shallow bowl is a bit pricey....but worth it to turn someone on to gumbo or get those tastebuds dancing. I got the sampler and all the sauce for dipping- tiger sauce is by far one of the best sauces ever! If you're wanting to get a small taste- it's a fairly large portion to share with a few people  :) oh and no sweet tea here.We enjoyed the shrimp and oyster Po Boy and a mudslide and a beer!  The Po Boy was as expected- delicious!  It came with fresh hot fries and a sauce to apply yourself. Very tasty.  Beer was cold and the bar made mudslide was great!  No complaints. Our wait staff was Tammy. She was also wonderful, even admitting she had been out a bit late the night before. What a sweetie!  Served with a smile!Enjoyed the strawberry ritas on a hot day in NOLA. Attentive waitress was quick to serve and accommodate.Really friendly staff, but I was not impressed with the frozen alcohol. My sister got a Pina Colada Malt and I got a Mudslide. My sister said her Pina Colada didn't have enough pineapple and was too coconutty, lol. Mine, on the other hand, wasn't chocolatey enough. I felt a bit sick after drinking it out of politeness and my sister just never finished hers.OK, but not amazing lunch spot in the French Quarter. This is where I learned that Californians and Southerners have a very different concept of "salad". 
We stopped in for lunch and at this point in the trip I need to give my stomach a break from rich (and often fried) southern food. I opted for a grilled chicken salad, which the menu claimed was loaded with veggies. What I got was a plate of romaine, about three slices of tomatoes, three slice s of cucumbers and mayo-like ranch dressing. My husband got a po'boy he was pleased with, they had a killer jazz band playing, and the wait staff was great. So... Maybe just avoid the salad?Hot music and cold drinks! A great place to relax after roaming around the Quarter and the French Market. Four stars because I haven't had a chance to try the food. Take a load off and enjoy! Tell Raffle you want a Gazebo Mary or a Creole Splash. Or go all out and try an ice cream drink!Good location for when you want a break from touring Nola and still want to stay in the thick of things. 
The food is a tad overpriced in my opinion but that's to be expected- though what we did order came in huge portions. The half order mufaletta was as big as my head, and insanely good. 
Try the grasshopper daiquiri! And say hello to the waiter boy with big beautiful eyes for me.Okay, the ice cream daiquiris here are really great! Like a tourist, I was lured in by the sign stating they are the originators of the sweet alcoholic treat. 
I stepped in and in the late morning a jazz band was rocking out. Good music right off is a great sign. We were seated, outdoors as that's the only seating they have, and were treated to some of the nicest service I've had in a long time. The waiters, all of them were so gracious and friendly, coming by to talk to us even though they weren't assigned to our table. 
I ordered an ice cream strawberry daiquiri and gumbo. Both were delicious! The gumbo was really flavorful and the ice cream daiquiri was like an alcoholic milkshake. It was like the best of both worlds - rum and ice cream!
It was cold out so be sure to bring a sweater if you are going to sit for your meal. On summer months I can imagine this place is pretty awesome, especially at night .After an afternoon of exploring came across this cafe while trying to hide from the thunder storm that was brewing. 
Nice little location with friendly staff and the band playing was entertaining as seems to be the norm in New Orleans with the various bands playing.
I ordered the chicken bits and onion rings. I'm so used to the very poor onion rings I was quite stocked that these onion rings were mainly onion with a light batter. The American mustard served with the chicken was delicious.
For drinks I had the banana ice cream daiquiri which was tasty and not overly sweet which tends to happen with banana drinks for some reason.
Service was efficient and polite even with moving people out of building storm (which never got past the growling stage).
Overall if you're down near the French markets, take some time out to soak up the atmosphere and enjoy some well priced drinks and food.Nothing special. Nothing original. Feel like the servers are begging you to come in. One manager would not stop talking to our table while we were trying to enjoy the music. Annoyed us so much we left.Good food, great atmosphere and reasonably priced. The drinks are strong, the music is good and the onion rings are delicious. Generous portions and the service is friendly. I would definitely recommendGo here for the music and a drink. The food is ok, there are much better options. On the day we went the band was the resin we stoped and stayedIf you are into Bloody Mary's, this place has one of the best I have ever had...and that's saying something as I am serious about my Bloodies. My 3 friends and I ended up here to try some crawfish, enjoy the jazz music, and to sit,relax and enjoy the sunshine after walking through the French Market.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into seeing as 3 of us were crawfish virgins. This is a cute outdoor cafe, great location, easy to grab a table and the servers were quick to notice our arrival and immediately take our drink order. My only complaint is they had Abita listed on the menu, but it was sold out. Abita is a LA beer...it would be like if Mass ran out of Sam Adams! I digress. 
I can't say enough about the Cajun Mary. The mix  was delectable with the perfect amount of bite and zing. The garnishes were my favorite part. Not only did I get olives and a pearl onion, but about 5 green beans. Great place to sit, laugh, listen to great music, enjoy great company and DELICIOUS Bloody heaven.Waiters are stressed out and it shows. Occasionally they yell at customers. Food, drinks and jazz are meh. If you can skip it, do.It's good, but menu items come and go and most if the time they take things off the menu and don't tell you until you order it.
The band never fails to disappoint and I always drop a dollar or two into their water jug tip jar.
Service is sketchy at best and you need to flag down a server. 
Food is always standard, which is good in a city where food can vary according to who us cooking that day.
Check out Gazebo Cafe, take in the music and ambiance and people watch until your hearts content!Live music, great atmosphere. Had the Alligator Sausage Poboy tasted great, the kids order came out fast, which was good they were tired and hungry. We were seated right away it was a nice quick stop. Could see how some would stay longer, but tired kids don't stay in restaurants long.Ice cream daquiris!  Grasshopper or mudpie were exactly what we needed on a hot humid September Saturday.  Sat under a fan outside listening to live guitar jazz, sipping away and had great servers.  Well done.The food was decent.
This is where I had my first po boy which to me I imagined it was just a plain ol' sandwich but when in Rome...
I was right. Nothing particularly impressive or disagreeable about a po' boy. It was big enough that I had half to save for later.
Now what was really impressive was the service. I'm an idiot for not remembering this gentleman's name. I understood what the term southern hospitality meant at this place. Our waiter complimented our beautiful outing ever so well. Picture an outdoor cafe seconds from the Mississippi river. The gentlest of gentlemen calling you baby without any anterior motive but the fact that that's just how people address each other. It's hard to describe. 
I needed to have bread pudding in new orleans. Our waiter informed us they didn't sell any but next door did. Minutes later he shows up with a big piece of the most delish bread pudding I will have probably ever have had.
Certainly a great outdoor dining experience and setting.Awesome crawfish here.. Tony is an awesome manager. Definitely glad we stopped by to eat. And not to mention the ice cream daquiri.. Delicious...I love this place. The perfect spot to sit out on a nice day and work off a hangover while sipping on a nice bloody mary in the shade. You do this while listening to some relaxing live music and people watching... like a much more relaxed union square park. 
It's the closest experience I've had to being in a real life corona commercial... I love this place.Great place to eat outside and enjoy live music. I had the shrimp po boy with fries that was very delicious! After lunch I finished with a White Russian blended frozen drink that was AMAZING! Definitely recommend coming here to eat if you visit NolaGazebo Cafe is near the French Market and offers live music and booze.  You can grab an ice cream daiquiri for $7.75.  Options include mudslide, mocha almond, white Russian, nutty Irishman, dreamsicle, chocolate mint, strawberry, and pina colada to name a few.  The ice cream daiquiri is pretty good, strong and creamy.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )This is an outdoor cafe. There was a live jazz band playing. I went Saturday afternoon, so they may not be there every day. I had the New Orleans sampler and it was great. I wish I liked people 1/4 as much as our waiter.My husband and I sat here with some drinks as a band played Jazz. I had a pina colada it was delicious. He had a hurricane and he loved it. It's right next to the french market and the staff is friendly and kind.When it's two in the afternoon and you find yourself craving something sweet, steer away from the beignets and walk one block east to this place for a Mud Slide! (The beignets will still be there later... And without a line!!)
7.75 for a blended ice cream alcoholic milkshake.... So delicious! No wait at all at the walk up window and they have a live band playing jazz (at least at 2pm on the Thursday we went)
We've gotten so many tips of places to go and things to eat/drink, and I'm so glad to be able to be the one recommending The Gazebo to my friends with future trips here!Gentle breeze and great food
While our group was in the French Market recently, we decided to enjoy lunch at the Gazebo Café. I did enjoy my half-Muffuletta. The bread was soft and not too toasted, the meats and cheese blended nicely with the olive spread and delicious olive oil. 
The one part we did not care for was that they would not split the check. Sure, it is "easier" for them, but we had 8 people and had to settle up amongst ourselves. It was a pleasant area with the gently breeze blowing through the outdoor seating, so it was an enjoyable visit.You've GOT to try their craw-puppies.  Totally amazing. If the weather's nice, hit them up. Their po-boys were good too, but it's the craw puppies that beg me to return.We got the seafood appetizers which was fried shrimp, alligator & crawfish. It was very good and alot of food. Our waiter was very attentive and provided good service.For a good time from Dawn to dusk........this is the place. The atmosphere is always great and open the service staff are all great. The entertainment is superb. Long Island Ice Tea is the best anywhere and I walk miles to get to this spot. I had my first muffaletta and OMG!! I am hooked. I will return for as long as I can.This is a pretty chill spot , the staff was pretty welcoming and nice . For my appetizer I had the appetizer sampler which included; popcorn shrimp, popcorn crawfish and fried alligator . I tried gator for the first time and it was actually good . Tasted nothing like I expected . It tasted like chicken with an after taste of fish. I also had a cup of gumbo which was really delicious . I would definitely come back to Gazela Cafe the next time I'm in New Orleans .Food was good, band was good, but the server didn't tell us until after the meal that the credit card machine was down. I had to wait at our table while my fiance searched for an ATM. NOT COOL.Oh Gazebo Cafe, you kept me coming back for more. Super friendly, tasty drinks, good music. We found ourselves here time after time for some hurricanes and Irish coffees. Beware, they are potent and you will get some pretty good bang for your buck. So sit back, relax in the open air, and take in the music.Great location to sit down in the shade and listen to some live music after walking around all day. We only had drinks, no food. Our waitress was really surly and unfriendly. She made us feel like we were taking up space despite the numerous empty tables, and then acted put out when we finally requested the check (I thought you wanted us to leave though?). 
One of the other servers was really friendly however and popped by to chat upon hearing us talking about the breakdancing we'd just seen at Jackson's Square (Dragon Masters, apparently they were on America's Got Talent and seriously they were great), because he knows the guys and they're pretty awesome. So, the service seems to be a little on the hit or miss side, but the drinks are cold and the location is prime, as is the music.Great place to kick back, have a drink, listen to live music.  Ask for Raffel, he is a riot.Best White Russian I've ever had. No disappointments. 12oz is around $8 and worth every penny :)Such great drinks, great servers who are so friendly and funny, and great atmosphere! Live music and great location (next to the French Market). I visit NOLA often and every time I visit, this is my favorite spot to just sit, eat some po boy and alligator, drink some great mixed drinks or a cold abita, and people watch while enjoying great live music (I even bought a CD). Would def. recommend this spot to anyone who just wants to relax, smile, and have a good time!We had the crawfish po'boy and red beans and rice. Service was great and food was even better! Highly recommend the mudslide ice cream daiquiri!A sunny day, a good drink and some good music - sit back and enjoy your life. 
P.S. Gazebo cafe provides the drink and the music, bring your own sunny day.A côté du marché français, bar avec une scène ou un groupe de Jazz se produit. Nous sommes passés en fin de matinée c'était très agréable.Went here because I bought a Living Social coupon for $20 worth of food and drinks, and I was itching to spend it. Ordered a bloody mary, which was very tasty and STRONG. Highly recommended. Except that it was listed as $6 on the menu and it was $7.75 on the bill. When we inquired, the waiter said he 'ordered the house special' instead of the regular bloody mary (not sure what the difference would have been) and he told us to take it out of his tip. A decent response. 
We got a sampler of the jambalaya, gumbo, and red beans & rice. Basically a tiny cup of each of the three for $16.  They were tasty and chock-full of meat/seafood, so I guess I can't complain about the price since it was in the tourist center of town.In front of the French Market there are 2 open patio restaurants in the middle of Decatur across from Cafe Du Monde: The Gazebo Cafe and The Market Cafe. Walking up from Jackson square you see the Market Cafe first, so it's much busier than its sister restaurant right behind it, Gazebo. Almost the same menu because it's the same owner, same kitchen pretty much. The Gazebo is less crowded and certain items on the menu are $1 less. You get less seafood at this restaurant, so if you are looking for seafood gumbo go to The Market, but if you want chicken gumbo, come to Gazebo. 
Since it's less crowded a lot of times the jazz band is situated on the Gazebo side. 
This isn't the best New Orleans fare you can get in the area, but it is decent and convenient. If you need a quick bite and feel like sitting outside and seeing the sites, listening to great music, then this is the place to go. If you are looking for an elegant meal, a flavor bomb, etc. go elsewhere. Tons of options in NOLA.Gazebo is located right across the French Market. We stopped by here after visiting the market wanting some drinks. We ordered the strawberry ice cream daiquiri and the hurricane! We had been meaning to try the hurricane since it was a NOLA speciality. I definitely recommend trying it if not here, then elsewhere! It was absolutely delicious. Perfect for a hot, sunny day! They have a lot of seating area outside. They also serve food and have a full menu, but unfortunately we didn't get a chance to try any of that out. My boyfriend and I loved the drinks and we came back again before we left!This place is very family friendly and has very good service. The servers always ask if you need anything and never ignore you. The only thing is the bathrooms are very dark and some of the stalls don't close but other than that I had a great experience.I am constantly near the french market yet somehow always miss this place...well not this time. Home of the ice cream daiquiri this place is great on a hot and humid day...great live music usually tooA really chill outdoor cafe near the French Market.  Plenty of seating, prompt service, and they have live music going constantly.  If it's warm and sunny, there are umbrellas to provide some shade if you want it.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I did feel the food was a bit overpriced, but accept that you're paying for the enjoyment of the outdoors and music.Outdoor seating, live jazz music, great drinks and huge portions. What more can you ask for?  Unless you are starving, I suggest splitting a poboy. Oh, the ice cream daiquiris and gator bites are amazing...and I don't normally like gator.Had lunch here as we were shopping in the French Market.  My wife and I only ordered a appetizer and it was plenty.  We ordered the combo platter, it included fried gator, fried shrimp  and fried crawfish. We were stuffed on that alone.Great food, great service, beautiful setting. We split the appetizer platter and it was plenty of delicious food.Only reason this place is not getting 5 stars.... We haven't eaten any of the food as of yet! Great for the Bloody Mary and Long Island Ice Tea..Only had the ice cream daiquiri..was very tasty!! Never had anything like that before..kept trying to drink it fast and was getting a brain freeze lol loved it! Should've got a 2nd oneThis is my favorite place to stop and sit for a while in the southern heat. Drinks are great, and the service is super fast and friendly! Plus there's usually music playing. Just makes for a perfect afternoon!Great atmosphere, live music, everybody chilling on this beautiful day.  Tried the Alligator sausage 9.95.  Fresh ice tea, with free refills and a great jazz band playing.  My husband went with the famous hurricane and said it was good.  A must stop after shopping at the French market!!!Beautiful! Freshest food and drinks! Salads were crisp topped with the most freshest grilled chicken. Portions are perfect! The popcorn shrimp will change your life!!! The bloody Mary's are the bomb.com! Live music and open air to enjoy the French Quarter atmosphere. Service was great and friendly!Note: this review is only based on the bar!
Fantastic ice cream daiquiri!!!!! Oh my word. So yummy. We noticed that lots of bars in the city have premade drinks. We loved that this was made to order! The Louisiana Lemonade is fantastic, too!As the original place of the ice cream daiquiri,  we had to stop here on our culinary tour of NOLA. I got the mango and my boyfriend got the white Russian.  Neither was anything amazing. You wouldn't be missing much if you didn't stop here to get a drink.Excellent!!! Crawfish etouffee ON POINT. Best I've had in Nola thus far. My sister had the catfish and I was extremely impressed with it...best catfish I have ever tasted and I have had a lot of catfish. We also had the jambalaya and it was superb. Great music, too :)The service in this place was worth 5 stars alone! Our waitress was so friendly and attentive that made the experience that much better! The live band was awesome. I don't have much to compare the gumbo to however it was very good. The po-boy had delicious French bread!This place was one of my favorite places in New Orleans! First of all, they're very dog friendly in the outside patio. I came with my dog as we left Florida for the hurricane. They immediately brought out a dog bowl for him.  The servers were lovely and made sure he was comfortable. There was a live band playing and they seated us right by them. 
We got the shrimp and oyster poboy. It was delicious. It came with some tar tar dipping sauce and a side of fries. It was perfectly made and the bread was perfectly toasted. There was a lot of food for the price. The flavors were on point. 
I got the gumbo. The gumbo portion wasn't as big as I would have liked, but it was delicious. It was perfectly seasoned and one of the better gumbos of my trip. I also got a mudslide ice cream shake. It was strong but you could barely taste the alcohol. I really enjoyed it. 
The service was amazing. The wait staff was kind and patient and loved my dog. They were attentive, funny, and all around amazing. Very wonderful people. All in all we would go again. The prices were defiantly on the cheap side for the French quarter.Blended boozy drinks made with ice cream......for around 8$.....need I say more? We got ours to go and were happy campersYummy App, Crawfish Casserole with Gumbo over, plus add a Hurricane to honor our latest Mathew heading up the east coast.  Fun people watching too!We were looking for some Cajun food as late lunch. Cafe Gazebo was pretty packed as it was the weekend of Jazz Fest. I ordered a cup of gumbo and some fried alligator with an Abita Strawberry. My SO ordered a bowl of jambalaya. The food came out incredibly fast, which was excellent because we were very hungry. Everything tasted great and we shared most of it. We paid our bill and loaded into the car, bellies full and happy, set the long drive home.
About 15 minutes later, I began to feel cramping in my stomach. A little while after, the nausea began. I realized I had eaten something bad, and braced myself for the ~10 hour drive home. 
The only culprit I can think of would be the white sauce I dipped the alligator in. I was really liking it, however my SO was not a fan so I ended up eating most of it. Whoops. It's also possible the beer was contaminated. It was sweeter than I previously remembered. At the time, I chalked it up to It being fresher than I was used to, since Abita is located in NOLA.
TLDR: food was great, service was too, but maybe the cafe should crack down on health codes and sanitation.After recovering from an all night and all day Hurricane hangover, we headed to the Gazebo Cafe for the fresh air and live jazz. There isn't anything too special about the place, the Jazz was good the location is good, it was the service that puts it on top. 
The waitress noticed I was ill after only ordering a sprite. She was so motherly and kind and suggested some gumbo broth and brought me tons of crackers! she kept checking on my making sure the sprite was OK on my tummy. Finally, after 2 days of feeling like death I started to feel better and was even able to munch on some fries.
This is the type of treatment that will always make me remember the Gazebo Cafe, and to remember that a little lovin' is what ya need to perk up!During my 1st visit out to New Orleans, my friends and I stopped by this cafe on our way back from the French market. It was outside seating and had a jazz band playing in the back. The mufalattas were huge and very flavorful. If I ever come back to nola, I'll be sure to stop by againWe stop at the market and decides to have lunch at the Gazebo Cafe.The service and the food was great. The staff was so polite and helpful. They made you feel welcome and attended to all if your needs.Great place to kick back, have a drink, listen to live music.  Ask for Raffle, he is a riot.Great location in the French quarter. I had the shrimp poboy. Plenty of shrimp, excellent seasoning! Friendly staff and cool live band! Don't forget to try the dreamcile frozen margarita!The food was great the ambience and seating was great. But the interaction with the manager left a sour taste in my mouth. 
It was April 1 2017 Saturday lunch time 
Our middle school was in town with chaperones for a band trip and was left
To eat wherever they liked. 
Some adults me included and approx 20 kids sat down at 1120 and ordered 
The adults got their food right away. The kids on the other hadn't gotten their food as of 1200 
We asked kitchen they said it's coming their excuse was there were too many of us at the same time. 
During this time other adults in our party who sat later sat and ordered at 1200. They got their food at 1215 in the meanwhile the kids are still waiting. 
We have to perform by 1230 the waiter and restaurant manager are aware. 
But the restaurant manager didn't care enough to leave his register and take a second to visit the kitchen to see what was going on. 
We asked the manager again and he said we all came at same time so will take time. But I asked why there people who came after them got their food. He just said we all came at same time and can't handle it but didn't answer my actual question. Still didn't go to kitchen to ask or help. 
1225 asked again. Still didn't leave register. 
1230 school band director who is a male showed up got only 2 of the many orders that didn't come out. 
Can't handle 20 kids at same time or don't want to handle 20 kids of different ethnicities?  Adults got fed didn't think kids were important enough?  
Manager didn't priorize to see what was going on in kitchen. 
Lacked the southern hospitally the south is suppose to have. Can't handle large party?  Most of the kids ordered. A muffeletta :/ a sandwhich. 
I don't understand. So although the food was great we felt discriminated against. 
The website doesn't even work so although I would've like to speak with the owners first I couldn't so here goes up my poor review.Excellent drinks!! I passed by and got their alcoholic lemonade. I could barely tell there was alcohol in it! Obviously there was because i saw the bartender make
It. The drink is so delicious - staff is really nice!This is one of my favorite places to listen to music and have a drink. The food is pretty good too and you get plenty of it. Nothing fancy - in fact extremely humble and casual, but it is next to a very pretty little pocket park which just adds to the relaxing and rejuvenating atmosphere. Drinks (margaritas) are good too as well as the beer. Prices are right - music in quintessential N'awlins! Laaaaaaaid baaack describes it perfectly!  Only open until 5 and only have outdoor seating - noticed they closed early on a particularly chilly day.  Not sure of winter hours.So we ate Gator bitesss hereeee!!!!!! And they were delicious. Our server was awsome and so was band. Love the outdoor seating and everything about this place. Highly recommended.Food was good, fresh, served hot and decently priced. We had po-boys and a salad. There was a live band playing during the day, but not too loud where it drowns out your conversations. Staff was very friendly too. If I had to complain, it would be about their flimsy chairs and small tables. Overall would recommend!BEST muffuletta in NOLA. Hands down! I liked it better than the infamous Central Grocery! What's better than enjoying a delicious muffuletta while sitting outside listening to live music? Nothing. Order the muffuletta but make sure to get the dressing they have on the side! And if it isn't on your table, be sure to ask for it!Ice Cream Daquiri's are made wih delicious ice-cream and alchohol. We also ordered some without alcohol, which were very refreshing on a hot New Orleans day! 
There are a lot of flavors to choose from; I chose the White Russian kind of hastily, (the female bartender seemed slightly irritated and impatient). All other employees were extremely friendly and hospitable.This is a nice chill place that everyone passes by when going to the french market or jackson square. There usually is live entertainment that gives you the true feeling of NOLA. You can get your alcoholic beverages, people watch, and enjoy the music. A great place to just chill and hangout. I also got the gator poboy, which was very filling. I wasn't even able to eat all of it and had to bring half it home.Gazebo Cafe was wonderful! I had a frozen strawberry lemonade, craw fish puppies, and the 1/2 muffaleta. The muffaleta was outstanding, and the 1/2 size is definitely enough for one. Everything was hot and delicious! Our waiter, Raffle, was fantastic. I followed-up my order with a to-go almond mocha daiquiri. Wonderful all around experience!This is a nice place to go eat before or after you walk the French market. They have jazz playing and service is really fast. There are lots of tables and enough servers that are great. We had poboys and they were really good. Lots of shrimp and the bread was toasted perfectly. Def had a good experience.Yummy gumbo & Louisiana Limonade. Quick!Live music was great and dining in the evening was very pleasant. Service was a bit slow but the food was decent. Excellent pecan pie!Ice Cream Daiquiri.... Ice cream.... daiquiri... how can you go wrong?!?!?
They claim to the be inventors of the ice cream daiquiri.
I had the strawberry banana. 
Very good. Wasn't strong... which for me is a good thing because I don't really like alcohol.
So many flavors to choose from!
Super legit!So we were visiting the French market and ran into the Gazebo cafe. There was live music and plenty of tables. Our waiter Donte was very friendly and helpful. The food was good and service was quick. Will definitely try them againGood food! Great entertainment! Friendly wait staff! I recommend the combo platter if you are looking to try something new and can't decide what to try. The alligator is great for first timers :-) 
Hubby and I stopped in several times during 3 different trips to NOLA and won't hesitate to be back when we visit again. Hubby says they have some of the best Bloody Mary's in town and the ice cream drinks were pretty good as well.This place is amazeballs! We had a shrimp po boy and thoroughly enjoyed the talented band on display!! Jazz is amazing!!! Come for some good food, stay for the bandStopped in for a few local favorites. Had the Bloody Mary and the Muffaletta. Excellent! I highly recommend and add the dressing...it's amazing! Raffle was our server. He's been working there since 1983. Nicest guy. Made our visit even better.5 stars great service 
Family oriented 
Jazz classical music traditional to New Orleans 
Good food and garden in eating area.We had a party of 15 and they pulled several tables together! I would recommend the sampler platter. It has deep fried crawfish, shrimp, and alligator. Ask for Blake. He gave us great service!Terrible service with rude staff. The drinks are so sweet, they are undrinkable. Do not go there, there are a lot of nicer places in the area so don't waste your time with this place.We had just finished shopping at the Creole Tomato Festival and we're leaving but I was wanting some gumbo before I left NOLA. You kind of have to walk through the tables as you walk by this restaurant and as we came through this lady just went on and on about our little husky. She then asked if we wanted anything and I think someone else came out and loved on our puppy and I am thinking wow these people are so friendly! We sat at a table and ordered drinks and I had a wonderful frozen strawberry margarita. Absolutely delicious! My husband had a shrimp plate and I had a cup of great gumbo. Such good gumbo that I bought a cup to bring home. I think every single person that worked there at one point came over to love our puppy. I will say that she is pretty adorable and they probably don't see a lot of huskies in New Orleans haha but they were all extra special nice. They moved hints a couple of times to make us more comfy and even put an orange hazard cone by our puppy so no one would step in her tail.All of the food I tasted here was quite good.
-Gator and shrimp Poe Boy.
-Gumbo
-Popcorn shrimp
The staff was very friendly and quick to get us what we ordered.
Drinks were also delicious!
**Minus one star because**
Portions were definentally on the small side for he price tag. Paying 16$ for a poe boy I should leave stuffed if you ask me.We had a lovely lunch here complete with a jazz duo and some really authentic Cajun creole food. We opted for the New Orleans trio which gave us equal portions of gumbo, red beans and rice with sausage, and jambalaya. We also go a shrimp and oyster po boy. The trio was all really legit - we polished off all three and had a very hard time picking a favorite because they were all deeply flavored and textured. Definitely don't miss! The Po Boy had a generous portion of seafood and a flavorful sauce. We also really appreciated the service - everyone who works there seems super welcoming and happy to help! Highly recommended!3-1/2 stars. Open air cafe near the French Market, featuring live music. We ordered the shrimp and andouille empanadas, which were decent; filling is minced, I was expecting larger bits of sausage.   The muffaletta was very good, with a half size being reasonably priced at $8.95; a large enough portion to split among 2. Outside heaters make this a nice place to take a break while sightseeing near the Mississippi River, just on the edge of the French Quarter.On our trip to New Orleans, we had great food, great entertainment, great history and great culture. Out of all of the things that we did, stopping in the French Market at the Gazebo Cafe for some boiled crawfish along with live jazz music was the highlight of our trip. The service, the music, the atmosphere and the food was the best of New Orleans food and culture all rolled into a single experience. Stopping here for the boiled crawfish is a must do on anyone's list when visiting New Orleans.有名店Cafe Du Monde が長蛇の列だったけどこちらは適度な混み具合。フレンドリーで誠実な店員、ジャズのライブ演奏とローカルビールで散策の休憩に最適！
Gazebo cafe, 3minutes walk from Cafe Du Monde famous cafe and long line to take the seat, serves nice live jazz music, local beer and friendly staff.
There was not the line to wait.
It's a nice place to take a rest and relax.WARNING--this place may cause you to relax, forget your problems, and make you relapse back to 'Step-One'  of AA's 12 step program!   GC is my chill spot while down in the French Quarter.  Their drinks are outstanding and very strong!  GC's version of rum punch (I'm not sure of the name--Rum Runner perhaps?) is excellent.  My wife and I stopped in and planned on having a quick drink (no more than 30 min.) and ended up staying for 3+ hours, knocking back drinks and just taking in that French Quarter's,  "Big Easy buzz."  The combination of live jazz, great drinks, in a relaxing outdoor setting (next to Latrobe Park), makes for a memorable experience.  Ask for Raffle to be your server.  He's a cool dude, excellent server, and has a lot of neat stories about the goings-on down in the French Quarter.  Enjoy!The food is good but the reason for this one star is because they could not do service quick enough. I only had an hour and 15 minutes. I had to wait 15 extra minutes for my food to come compared to all of my friends with me, who ordered at the same time. Lastly, it took 20 minutes just to receive the check. This is unfair and they do not seem to understand that we are a school and we have to fly back in a few hours after eating.I really like this cafe in New Orleans. The food and the live band have never disappointed me. The server was pretty attentive even when it got super busy. I always order a cup of gumbo because it's flavorful and just plain good. The band was amazing as usually and the drinks were also good.Delicious snack. Gator sausage and rémolade aka fancy sauce with mustard and love. #awesome #drunk #bandGumbo was delicious and poboy was tasty. My friend had a sample plate and everything was delicious. The daiquiris were on point. Very nice atmosphere and there was a band playing. Our waitress was attentive and we enjoyed the whole experience from start to finish.I will definitely be coming back here for their Bloody Mary. It's the best one I ever had. I mean, of course it was extra with the pickled green beans and pearl onions but it was delicious. I also enjoyed the backdrop of cool jazz music playing in the background while people watching at the cafe. I definitely want to do this again.Super nice bartenders, very friendly atmosphere, large beers for a good price. Highly recommended.Great live music and friendly staff! A nice outdoor spot to relax and enjoy food and with live music.Stopped for a drink after walking through the French Market. Had a mud slide made with ice cream!!!! YUM!!! Very good & not too strong!great Gumbo and Ice Cream Daiquiris were superb I had the banana and tasted the creamsicle. Live music and the outside shaded setting was nice, but the flies come once youre food is served and pesky nasty pigeons lurk around every table.Great spicy Bloody Mary and live jazz. 
Perfect location to take a seat and soak in the sights of Nola and the French Market district.
Definitely worth the stop!Stopped at the Gazebo for lunch. We have ate here before so knew what to expect. My wife and I split a whole Muffaletta. Tasty as always. Although this time it seemed to have an excess of cheese, but all around just tasty. 
I also had the Jambalaya. Perfect. Plenty of meat in each bite, just a bit of heat to it. Perfect amount of spice.
My daughter had a fried chicken poboy with fries. Tasty, tasty, tasty.Original ice cream daiquiri....
Sitting outside... live jazz music and frozen drink.
The waitress are so nice and super fast!!!
Located at the french market district...
Lots of food choices tooWe were recommended this place by a local who used to live in New Orleans. Our friend told us to order a bloody mary and to order a po boy and fried alligator tails. We didn't start off to well. There may have not been enough servers at the get go. We waited for at least 10-15 minutes for a server to acknowledge us. Finally we flagged down someone. The guy felt really bad and genuinely sorry. From that point on, he was very attentive to us. 
Bloody mary had all the fixins. It was spicy and it had spicy green beans, green olives and even pickled onions! It was phenomenal and I had a great buzz going on. 
We ordered shrimp po boys, fried alligator tail and were not disappointed! The alligator tail was amazing and of course it tasted like chicken. They gave us an array of dipping sauces (Ranch, tartar sauce, ketchup and cajun sauce) The fries were delicious and I dipped them into the cajun dressing sauces. I loved putting Crystal Hot sauce on my alligator tail and shrimp po boy. The french bread was just the right texture and the fried shrimp po boy was way better than what I expected it to be! Jazz music was playing the background. Be prepared because the bands will take a break and kind of depend on tips. Put a $ in the tip jar! Common courtesy. Great for families, friends and good times. I can see this place being really busy in the summer. A great feeling place. Cold in the winter, but probably great when it gets warmer.We didn't intend of passing by Gazebo Cafe, but when walking out to the French Market, this place just stands in your way. It is conveniently connected to the a small fun park with many locals just hanging out by a water fountain. Pretty much all the seating of Gazebo Cafe is all outdoors, but about 90 percent of the seats would be covered in shade by the.....wait for it....gazebo.
-=-Ice Cream Daiquiri-=- Never heard of it, but in this heat doesn't it just sound good. There are banners everywhere that advertised this drink which is was really brought us here. It was exactly what we thought. Ice Creaming refreshing. It's worth the pass by if you are around the area anyway.The best frozen drinks I have ever had!! Totally delish!!!!  The food and atmosphere were also great!  Nice find on Decatur Street...Ice cream daiquiris are the way to go!! When I passed by one evening with some friends and saw these drinks on the menu I knew I had to stop and try one. 
I'm not a huge drinker but desserts? Heck yes.  This drink was delicious!Po'boys are horrible, beyond bland, complete waste of money. Do yourself a favor and stick to cash only holes in the wall, way better food at the small places like Erin rose or 12 mile limitI wish I could give two separate reviews!
Five star entertainment and drinks outside patio - fabulous!
The food - SO very ordinary and bland rate a two star.  Thus the middle ground rating here.  I wouldn't plan on having lunch here - but I WOULD go here for drinks, music and onion rings!  
do yourself a favor - have a NICE meal at NOLA or breakfast at Johnny's Po-BoyGreat jambalaya and the staff are awesome. Live music, good prices and outdoor seating. I will definitely come back.This place is A-OK! The location is really key. It is right by the French Market in a lovely outdoor setting with live music. AND their hurricanes will knock you on your A$$ so don't get carried away! Had a fish po-boy there that was pretty yummy. If you aren't gonna get food - order a drink and enjoy the live music in the sun!The food was ok, but what I really enjoyed was just sitting around outside listening to music and drinking the delicious ice cream based pina coladas. Drinks and dessert in one! They have lots of other flavor options on the ice cream drinks. Both times I have visited there has been an eccentric older gentleman dancing in the courtyard who is pretty entertaining to watch as well.Great place to try a little of all the Nola favorites. Great music, good food, and service was great. I think they should invest in more stable chairs and tables, but other than that this place is great!This place is so darn good! They have a good selection of ice cream daiquiris. We came here twice. The first time I got a virgin banana and the second time I got a virgin strawberry. They were both SO good. My husband got a mudslide the first time and a banana split the second. Each time we went we were able to sit on the patio and enjoy live music. Such a great place for enjoyable afternoon snack.Great drinks (sangria with a kick) nice breezy spot to rest your feet. Friendly and helpful bartender. Enjoyed the music and people watching.This is a nice spot to come relax listen to some southern music and have a few cocktails. It gets a bit busy so the wait staff is gets a bit behind but never the less it is worth a visitI was down in New Orleans about a month ago and this was one of the highlights of my trip. The bloody Mary's here will go down in my book as legendary. I must have had 5 of them over the course of two trips up to the French market. They are the best I have ever had. They make them with these pickled green beans -They were so good I bought a bottle of those as well! If you ever are just wanting to stroll the French market and have a seat and a drink-oh and its outside so I could smoke- This place was great!Nothing fancy here but the food is decent and the prices are reasonable.  The location is perfect for people watching since all seating is out side near the entrance to the French Market.  The small menu has a predictable "New Orleans" selection including po-boys, muffalettas, gumbo and such.  
My boyfriend and I shared a half muffaletta, a cup of gumbo and an order of onion rings.  The muffaletta is served "hot" and I thought it was pretty tasty, all though it was lukewarm rather than actually hot.  I loved the crusty bread and the generous amount of melted cheese.  The gumbo was OK.  It lacked spice so I used the hot sauce on the table to dress it up... much improved.  The onion rings were totally passable.  
The service could have been better but I've learned that good service is hard to find at casual restaurants in New Orleans.  My only real complaint is that we had to ask for our waters to be re-filled over and over again, and we where the only customers during most of our meal. Each time we made the request, our (strangely awkward) server would pick up all of our glass, refill them, and bring them back to the table.  There is no way we got our own glasses back.Nice spot in the French Market of New Orleans to take a break and listen to live music.Nice drink menu, not outrageous prices and quick. Live jazz band. They sang me happy Birthday so that was a memorable and pleasant experience.Had a delicious fried oyster poboy here. Bread was perfect, oysters cooked perfect. Little pillowy seafood clouds encased in crunchy goodness. I did like that the fixins were served on the side so I could make up my own sandwich. Came with fries that were also perfectly cooked and tasty. Drank two of the dreamsicles as well.Great place to stop and chill while shopping at the French Market.  Sat outdoors and listened to live music.  Had a tasty toasted muffuletta sandwiches.  Pricey pina coladas $7.75 a cup but it had real ice cream in it and they gave me extra since it couldn't fit into an already decent sized cup!If you're walking up and down Decatur st all day you definitely need to stop in and grab a to-go drink from Gazebo Cafe It was fast and more convenient than walking into a bar to get one And those girls hustle Really great Bloody Mary!Food is amazing and the wait staff very friendly. Highly recommended, music was a extra added perkCame for Sunday brunch and ordered the fried alligator app. It was enough for a main for me. My dining partner ordered the shrimp poboy. Like most things in NOLA, it's difficult to find something not fried! But we had a good experience with the local cuisine. There was a trio playing local music, which was very nice. Service was slow and the waitress gave me an unpleasant look and a subpar answer when I asked the difference in oz. between a cup and a bowl.Great food, great drinks, great music.  What more can you want on.  Let the good time roll. laissez le bon temps roulerWe were here several years ago. The gumbo and mufuletta were excellent. Today they did not disappoint. Both were excellent. We had gumbo at two other places, one very upscale, but The Gazebo Cafe was the best, hands down.I was looking for a bite before dessert at Cafe Du Monde and stumbled across The Gazebo Cafe while wandering around the French Quarter.
I went with a cup of gumbo and a half muffaletta. The gumbo was rich and flavorful and the muffaletta was huge for a half sandwich and also quite delicious.
Service was fast and super friendly and there was a band playing while I enjoyed my lunch.  I couldn't ask for much more.  Don't hesitate to give the Gazebo a try.The day we went here it was extremely hot! We walked by asked holly the waitress for some water and she kindly filled up our nalgene water bottle for us. She even put ice in it! I'm not sure if that's the norm but that was really generous of her. Thanks holly! After walking around some we decided to have a drink here! We ordered two bloody Mary's and they were delicious. The seasonings were great and the pickled green beans were good too! Seeing as they are known for their ice cream daiquiris, I got one a strawberry one and it helped cool us off. My partner got the rum runner and it was equally delicious. The bartender was really nice and I'm glad we stopped here after walking through it. I recommend giving it a shot for drinks. We weren't too sold on the way that the food looked, but drinks are a yes!Oh man, the Muffuletta is delicious. Pair it with an "original" strawberry ice cream daiquiri and you'll kick off your Nola experience off right. Plus, it's outside and dog friendly.Good drinks and live music al fresco. Lively area for a pit stop next to French Market. 
Try the Bloody Mary. Even swapping vodka for beer (Michelada) is delicious with olives and pickled onions and pickled green beans at a fair price.Gazebo for a snack
Shared the appetizer sampler which as deep fried shrimp (3.5/5), alligator (3.5/5) and crawfish (3/5) along with a side of fried (3/5). Felt guilty eating the alligator as we are seafood eating vegetarians that just came from a tour of the bayou where we watched the alligators swim.
Had an Abita Turbodog stout to drink (4/5). Feeling very stuffed.The highlight of my stay here in NoLan.Great food and service and the live music was the best!This was a very convenient location for anyone a little tired or hot from strolling the outdoor market.  We had just stopped by the famous Central Grocery, for a (need you ask) muffeletta sandwich, and looking for something to drink and somewhere to sit, this location was a no-brainer.  The seating was convenient, the live blues/jazz was appropriate and entertaining, and the drinks were refreshingly cold.  Their menu includes frozen ice cream daiquiris, mixed drinks, and beers, as well as a food menu, but I didn't pay it enough attention since we had already picked up sandwiches.  I was surprised, but delighted at the same time, to see that they carried Shiner Bock.  It made for an easy decision.  All in all, a good little spot to stop in for lunch or a drink and enjoy the shade a little bit while traversing the outdoor market.Hubby and I were in a hurry to get to our bike tour, and we were also in the mood for a muffuletta. This place was perfect! Service was SO fast, and our muffuletta totally hit the spot. Our server was very understanding, and got us out of there within a matter of 20 minutes. Whew!
Honestly, we were originally planning to head over to the Central Grocery (classic muffuletta spot), but it was closed that day! Happy to say that it didn't turn out to be a big deal because we found a sandwich that was still tasty :)
Thanks for the great service!This was actually one of the only things we did that wasn't planned! I hadn't heard of the cafe or ice cream daiquiris until we passed by after leaving the French Market. Some of the names weren't very descriptive so we asked our waiter what each was and he explained. We ended up ordering a Boomerang which was a peach daiquiri with a shot of blue curacao. It was pretty good once we got it mixed up pretty well. It was a nice spot to stumble upon and a great way to cool down on a hot day in Nola.I'm sure if I lived in New Orleans I might not hang out here often, but as a tourist strolling the French Quarter near the French Market, this was an inviting and perfectly needed spot to stop and rest. We sat outside, under some trees, watched life roll by and enjoyed some amber Abita beers, the local choice. There was a 7-piece band playing classic hits to a more-than-happy crowd and everyone was in a good mood. Really not much more to it, sit, drink, pay and leave. Highly suggested for at least one frost beverage.Nutty Irish man was so good I had to go back the next day for more. Loved the out door seating environment and listening to jazz music during the rain.Ice cream daiquiri was awesome!  Buy one to go and you can sit and listen to the music!!Great inexpensive drinks!  We got the margaritas, frose and the hurricanes!  We love it and kept coming back!Located very close to the French market and offers a live band, good food and drinks, and a quick seat after walking for hours on end down Decatur and through the French market.  
Food et al are relatively inexpensive, and the waiters seem to be hustling to get passerby's/customers to sit at one of their tables.  
The live band was pretty good but the crowd was quite inattentive. I assume that was normal as they didn't seem to affected by it.  
I ordered cheese fries, some of which I used to feed the pesky birds that were nearby.  If you don't like to be harassed by our winged little friends, I would suggest selecting a table under the gazebo and not near the walkway where the birds are chilling near the tree beds.Mmmmm...White Russians and Mudslides to enjoy while walking around French Quarter. Definitely the best refreshments in town!We've been there twice now.  Came for the crawfish (they were sold out) but stayed for the music.  Try the ice cream daiquiri.   Drink prices were fair. You seat yourself, so if you want to see the band, try to sit close.I have been coming to this place all my life and it never disappoints. The outdoor atmosphere and live band is great. They make great cocktails and excellent simple authentic Cajun food. Not fancy just simple and good.Food is ok. I am giving 3 stars for average food and great music. They have really bad presentation and foam cups for coffee. May be I am too picky but nice coffee make experience different. If there is no big line, I would suggest to go to Cafe demonde nearby than this placeI absolutely love sitting ouside in the large area, enjoying the band and having an incredible drink. So relaxing. Now the food is ok but the prices are for tourists.
Back to the drinks, they have frozen concoctions some with ice cream, any kind of mixed drink and my favorite, the cold big ass bottle of Abita Andygator.
If you are ever in the quarter, stop by for a drink. They make kid friendly drinks alsoThursday, 2:00 PM.
Quickie:
-  Food
+ Friendly staff
-  Limited menu
- Turnaround
- Cleanliness
+ Live band
And then...?
Gazebo Cafe is at a sweet location for visitors. Aside from good service, grub is lacking some punch. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items? 
**********
Stuffed my face in:
1. Sampler (gumbo, jambalaya, rice n' beans)
     -  Gumbo: broth lacked flavor. 
     -  Jambalaya: dry and banal texture.  
Constructive comments:
*What about recycling?
*Option for compostWe never ate here because it was a little chilly to sit outside in the shade, but boy did I drink here.  If the weather was nicer, I could have easily spent my entire trip sitting right filling up on some spiked ice cream smoothies.  The Almond Mocha Freeze was to die for!  The staff behind the drink gazebo was always fast and friendly.  Its a bit pricey, but the drinks are huge!  Must visit.  Best drink I had the entire trip and I had it at least 6 times.The BEST Bloody Mary. Seriously qe've been here for Vacation for 3 days now and I have Bloody Mary's at each location. All were decent but The Gazebo has the best. Needed no additions on my side, perfect to taste.