Came here during essence weekend. Food was so good. Right by Harrahs so central to everything .Staff was friendly and quick as well.Fantastic service, good food. And especially during a Mardis Gras parade. Good prices on big beers, including Sapporo. Came back a second night and Ashley was so accommodating.This is good, reliable sushi in the CBD near my work. It's a bit too expensive for my liking, but the fish is always fresh and they have a nice menu for sushi lovers and haters alike.
I'm am obsessed with the White Ninja roll, and have been known to eat two in one sitting. It has spicy tuna, albacore and wasabi crème and is absolutely delicious.
A few of my friends that don't care for fish have gotten the hibachi and it always looks very good.This place is A-ok.  Its good fresh sushi. Nothing overly exciting about it. I pick it up for lunch sometimes during the week.Sat at the bar, ordered a bloody Mary, Horrible!! The worst bloody Mary in the city. I watched the guy make it and just knew I was in trouble. Was shocked he actually charged me..after I said I had better. Miso soup was good. The box I had was just okay. Will stick with Sushi from now on...Very good fresh sushi.  Portions were a little on the small size, especially given the fact they are a little pricey.
I got a rainbow roll, (had many that are better).  They do the minced mayo based imitation crab filler (not a fan).
I also got the Geisha Kiss, not too bad, but the cucumber wrapper was overwelming so you only tasted cucumber.  I ended up peeling most of mine off.
The Puff Daddy was decent.  The fried crawfish were so-so.
Overall, decent sushi, but nothing to write home about.  And for what you are getting, they are smaller portions and on the high side for $$$.I've eaten at Geisha twice so far and I've enjoyed it both times. First visit we had the Crouching Tiger, LOVED it. I'm not a fan of raw tuna but I loved it!
Today:
I had their lunch special which was 2 rolls and salad for $8.95 A STEAL. Of course the rolls are the simple ones , Cali , Crunchy, Snow Crab etc. The Sweet Potato roll looked interesting but I wasn't feeling like trying anything new. 
I think Geisha might be our office's new favorite place!Solid sushi Castro just off Canal. Generous Sashimi portions, and the White Ninja is spicy goodnessService was fantastic.  The prices were better that Chicago, Detroit or Hawaii. The portions were the perfect size and the flavors were spot on.Sashimi portions are very generous and the delivery staff is fast and friendly! The food arrived in great shape. The sashimi was cold and the soup was hot. A great quick dinner option.Decent food, but my dining companion was served his meal 10 minutes before I was....is it really that hard when your restaurant is empty at 2 PM to send out all the food at the same time?An OK Japanese and Asian fusion restaurant (with some Thai dishes) on the edge of the French Quarter with good service. Funky unique decor with changing lights under the bar. 
Their hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar) was a success if a tad bit too salty. They offer soy sauce on the side. It should be salt and pepper. They should not salt the fish so much. Instead, grill it to bring out its flavor. Then, let the guest add salt and or pepper at the table. 
Their seafood soup was quite bland (the soup base has no taste). Their fried calamari appetizer was terrible: rubbery, not tender, tasteless.Delicious and consistently fresh. I usually get 2 of the special rolls. The white ninja is one of my favorites. The hand rolls are amazing as well. I'm a bit of a sushi addict and I've had sushi at pretty much every restaurant in the city. Geisha makes my top 3. Honestly the fish just tastes fresh. I frequently order to go from here ( their delivery is super fast as well ) but I also really enjoy dining in. It has a really cute, well put together environment in a cool location downtown and the staff is always really friendly and attentive. The servers and bartenders all seem like they really want you to enjoy your experience. I would like a little bit "livelier" of an atmosphere, but that doesn't appeal to everyone so I'll not let that affect my rating or review. It's definitely on the quiet side though...so keep that in mind. The sushi is top notch though, and the appetizers are also great. Definitely put this one on your to-try list if you haven't already.Good for kids and large groups. There were 10 of us. Nice and friendly service and the masago (smelt roe) was in point. Nice vegetarian options. It was a good break from the heavier fried options in most restaurants around the immediate area.The food and service was soooooo good I went here twice while on vacation for a week! EXCELLENT.Friendly service, tasty and fresh food, and  very fair prices. Our server was friendly,available, and efficient. We stopped twice during our visit, once for dinner and once for lunch. The quality of the food was good, everything was tasty , and frankly a nice reprieve from some of the saltier native cuisine options in the area. The price was very fair for the quality and location , and thankfully didn't approach being get another tourist trap that is too common in the area.Sushi is good, not great. If you want a quick bite, it's fine, but if you're looking for a culinary experience, head elsewhere.Good sushi, reasonably priced, and were quick with the rolls.Loved every minute of it!
Loved the furnishings, the mural, etc.  Loved the wait service, our waiter was fantastic and anticipated our every need. The location is perfect.
Our food was all around great!  I can honestly say that it was the best Philly roll and the best shumai I've ever had. A+!I was pleasantly surprised with the food... It was simply toooo good.
1stly we were there right during the Mardi Gras parade and this was probably the only restaurants with no wait.,, and we got a window table and we could see the whole parade..
We ate and walked in and out of the restaurant to enjoy the parade whole eating ...
The fried rice and the tofu vegetable entree was superb! Being a vegetarian, it was one of my best meals in NoLAWow. When I moved back to Louisiana from California, I knew the only thing I would miss about the west coast is the phenomenal sushi. I was predictably dissappointed in New Orleans sushi except for the americanized Sushi Brothers, where I go for the decidedly not japanese Black and Gold roll and some pretty damn good white tuna and salmon.
Geisha...has absolutely replaced sushi bros in my opinion. the boy and I went this week after a visiting LA friend's reccomendation. I like to mix it up with fresh simple sashimi as well as falling prey to the american rolls. My salmon cuts were sublime and fresh, and the two big rolls we got -- the puff daddy, with perfect fried crawfish tails -- and the white ninja, which was a spicy tangy cilantro-laded mouth burner that bumped the black and gold out of my number-one spot for complicated sushi rolls forever.
the service is very friendly, if not a touch slow. They are newish, after all. I really hope this place doesn't explode like everywhere else, The other thing that keeps this out of five-star territory is that the iced green tea was basically water with a very very very faint memory of green tea.
Other than that...this place rocks.Interesting takes on original sushi. 
Ordered over the phone for delivery, the person hardly spoke English making it really hard to convey our order.
Prices are outrageous. Needless to say, we won't be back.We ordered delivery and the only issue was a missing salad. When I called back they seemed very put out when I told them I would still like my salad delivered, they agreed and they hung up on me. Otherwise, the initial delivery made it quick. The crab in the California rolls was ground, which is common but I prefer them with solid pieces. The food was good. The sushi was fresh. It wasn't amazing but standard. When the salad arrived it was almost not identifiable as a salad. Who knows what happened to it along the way. Perhaps the mushy lettuce was the reason they left it out in the first place. If it was the only sushi place in town, I would go there. New Orleans has too many better options to waste time or money here.Decent sushi for an OK price. I had the salmon avocado roll, crawfish roll, and Chicken udon. I ordered the basic rolls, which had 6 pieces each, but I believe the specialty rolls have 8 pieces. The rice used in the sushi was a bit on the hard side, so wasn't a fan of that, but the salmon used was very fresh, even though it was later at night. I liked the broth (light and savory, not too salty) and noodles (boiled to the perfect amount of softness) of my udon, but the chicken was just way too dry. Just moved to NOLA so not sure how this compares to other sushi places in the area, but if I'm craving sushi, I guess I'd give this place another try.Sushi was not that great, just ok.  The rice tasted plain and not seasoned enough with vinegar and sugar.  The service was not that great either.  Waitress took order, no smile, not welcoming at all.  Throughout she did fill water but again just robot-like.  The atmosphere is strange and too dark, needs updating .  Liked the salmon skin salad a lot, great grill flavor.  Seemed like they are caught between being Japanese and being Chinese.Amazing! Delivered in 20 minutes to my hotel room. Super fresh, tasty and creative rolls! I got a Geisha Kiss roll, White Ninja roll, and spicy tuna hand roll. They followed my special requests perfectly through the delivery order on the app. Very impressed!Delicious rolls, consistently good, friendly staff.  This is my favorite sushi place in the areaThis restraunt changed too much, I ordered the soup very salty, I put one cup water, still can't drink and green leave with avocado, it was iceberg with avocado. I ordered avocado sushi, the avocado was black....very disappointed, never came back!So we went to this little place while on vacation...
STAY AWAY!!
I got a salad and chicken fried rice.
I got EXTREME food poisoning! 
Do NOT eat here!Delicious Scallops & Spinach dish. Highly recommended. Sushi is good. Service is kind of questionable and took forever when restaurant wasn't even packed. Big sushi selectionWent for dinner and had a Sakura roll and a King Cake roll.  Both were very good.  Nice atmosphere too.  It wasn't very loud (quiet crowd) which was a relief as so many restaurants in town are very loud and noisy.EXCELLENT Sushi! Lunch special was great. This was an unexpected lunch but good nonetheless.  Had the veggie lunch box. My husband had the Tuna. Service was splendid and fast. Definitely would try it again!!Ordered delivered from this place and I will honestly say that I'm very impressed. My food showed up earlier than expected, it tastes delicious, and the fish pieces you get in the rolls are bigger than what most places offer [bonus: they don't overdo it with the rice in their rolls either]. I'll definitely order from this place again next time I'm in town!It took forever to get my food. Ordered a vegie Yalu udon. The taste was awesome tho.I would have picked something more New Orleans proper. However, I am very pleasantly surprised that this sushi bar exists in the world. 
Let's start by saying I could take this back home with me to Alabama. It's eccentric...yet had classics. The way all sushi bars should be. They have hello kitty themed rolls, and sake cocktails. 
Although the dining experience may be simplistic in terms of architecture, one can feel at home in this Japanese influenced sushi bar. With comfy tables to ease the long walks on even streets, to the sushi bar itself, the art work...the sushi...Which is the ultimate ambience of all.
I rate sushi bars higher than others when they have a paper menu for sushi rolls and a sushi chef. This allows my boyfriend to eat well, pick his favorites, (Philadelphia), and try new or special ones at the restaurant (ones with panko, baked, and raw). After our expensive experience in Vegas last year, (only being able to pick one roll for our money) a sushi place for us is a contender with a list and a pencil. For me, it needs to be clean and have more than one vegetarian option. Or one damn good vegetarian option. I ask for nothing else. I'm truly not complicated just put a drink in my hand. 
Okay vegetarians...try this one on: udon soup with vegetable dumplings in a thin spinach wrap stuffed with veggies? Can I bring this bar to Alabama? Happy me. And my usual a veggie cut roll served with ginger and wasabi. All things brought to the yard.
Also, my cocktail. Can we take a minute? Fuji apple flavored sake? Turned into an apple martini ala Japan? I love flavored sake ever since I worked in a high volume Sushi bar called Riptide. Sake bombs just grew on me during long hard Thursday all you can eat nights.
I'm home in this bar. He can go to the casino up the way next time while I have a sake drink. 
My boyfriend and I find sushi no matter where we are. He didn't say much, but I knew he was happy. He ate almost every bite. And he orders a lot.The hello kitty hand roll is amazing! The yellowtail jalapeño is also one I would have again. The service is quick and our server was nice. Id come back! The green tea is watery though.OMG, such good sushi. Horrible parking. Decent service. If I had to pick a sushi place for the food itself, I'd say go here. My guilty pleasure - hey, you can walk across the street to Harrah's.I'm pregnant so I was stuck ordering cooked sushi instead of sashimi. I ordered a salmon skin roll, a California roll, miso soup and seaweed salad to take back to my hotel room, service was great but rolls kind of fell apartYummy! Pretty standard sushi, standard service, standard atmosphere. Everyone is nice...and the food is pretty good. Great for lunch, but not cheap. They also take a little bit...not the fastest sushi I've ever had;). Totally dig the "Geisha Kiss" roll...but it's unfortunately like 15 bucks...but considering the location, geisha is yummy and a solid pick!The food was pretty good, the fish was fresh and tasty, but the service wasn't so great.    The waitress wasn't very friendly and we felt like an inconvenience.  Plus she didn't know anything about the menu or ingredients used in items.I work in da quarter and this is one of the only delivery options that seems pseudo-healthy....I've probably ordered delivery 20 times (lol I know sorry). 
I say that because in all those times they've never messed anything up. I've had salmon, tuna, veggies, roe, miso soup, avocado salads, and they were all awesome. 
It usually only takes around half an hour to show up, too. I highly recommend the aforementioned avocado salad. I'm not a crazy fusion roll kinda girl so I can't speak to the works, but the fish is fresh and I've never had anything I didn't like.Although the food was decent here, they have quite a poor concept of customer relations. We sat for an extra 20-25 minutes patiently waiting for my meal to arrive after 3/4 of us had gotten served. I had to call over a waitress, who wasn't even waiting on us, to ask where my soup was.  She went to inquire, came back, and said it'd be a little longer.  At this point, my friends were mostly finished with their meals. I finally got my soup, ate half, and when our waiter returned asked him to take this off the bill and for a container to take it home since it was incredibly late and I didn't have time to eat it. He came back to say they would take it off but would also "take it back" since they were doing so?! Outrageous. This is not how you treat customers for YOUR mistakes.it was Mardi Gras day and i went for some last minute grub, as almost every place in town was closed, food was good, service was mediocre. My only complaint was a drunk ass tourist yelling at me.My friend and I came here for dinner one night during our trip to New Orleans when we wanted to eat something other than southern food. Service was good and attentive, and their menu has a wide variety of options on it. We each got a miso soup which was yummy and then split the shrimp fried rice. It was a fairly generous portion and tasty. It had onions and a bunch of pieces of shrimp in it. We also each ordered some sushi. I got the spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll and the hand grenade. I was not a fan of their spicy tuna roll as it had some weird seasoning in it. The crunchy roll was just the crab mix with some tempura flakes in it so it was tasty but nothing special. The hand grenade was pretty good and had the crab mix, eel, jalapeños, and avocado inside and then had several sauces on top. It tasted good but I wished it had a little less sauce because it made it very messy to eat. My friend got the hello kitty hand roll, salmon roll, and tuna roll. She said they were all good but nothing outstanding. The prices weren't too bad (came to about $28 a person with tax) so I would say come here if you're in the area and craving sushiWorst service ever... no service provided at all. Waited and no one cared to get our order! Seated but none of the servers even bothered to go to our table! We sat there clueless and hungry!The sushi was very fresh and tasty. They delivered which was helpful during Hurricane Patricia. We highly recommend.love their sushi! i used to work at saks so would try to hit this place up as much as possible. i've had their white ninja and hello kitty rolls and both were amazing!Awesome sushi, sashimi, hibachi etc. In a super convenient location (if you are staying near the Doubletree). Staff was very friendly and selection was huge. Spicy Tuna for me with a special Geisha Roll. Just the ticket after a night in the Quarter or at the Casino.This place was perfectly located so I could watch the Mardi Gras parade go. Typical sushi place but I was just thankful for a glass of water, a place to sit, and above all food. Service was attentive (not very knowledgeable about the parade schedule which doesn't make sense because they are right outside of their establishment! I would take advantage of that and do some marketing here guys) and they had a variety of vegetarian sushi! The grilled asparagus one was the best!I ordered the spicy noodle soup with sausage, brisket,  and pigs feet. It was the most disgusting food I've ever eaten. The soup had over any inch thick layer of red grease. Don't get me wrong,  I don't mind a little grease, especially since I was hungover, but this was not edible. I would give 0 stars if I could.Great food and service! Borderline hipster atmosphere. TERRIBLE music selection! But I will endure the pain for the excellent kingcake roll! Oh, and a little pricier than surrounding sushi restaurants!Delivery was fast. Went with the white ninja roll and the salmon avocado. Usually two rolls leaves me hungry but they were so big I could hardly finish!Crouching dragon roll very good but pricey $13, even at lunch.  Had quick serviceStopped in around 1:30pm for lunch. This place is really unimpressive. For one thing there seemed to be no air conditioning, so it was hot in the restaurant. The apps we ordered seemed to be just frozen items thrown into a deep fat fryer. Entre of Sukiyaki beef was nothing special either. For the price you can do better.So, it's really 2.5 rounded up because they turned down the blasting pop music w/out a flinch.
Yakitori for my kids was great!! And the miso soup was good in flavor and seaweed and tofu. The Tamago(egg) was not homemade so I do kinda look down on this bright yellow slice of nourishment for my kids.
Tons of creative rolls! I tried Crouching Tiger which was great for an exciting Tempura roll. Hubby had Teriyaki Salmon: 2 huge pieces w/ brown rice and steamed veggies was impressively health conscious!
My other weird thing was the ATM machine we had been seated next to. My husband had 30 hours off from his tour due to Hurricane Irene canceling Miami, so we were kinda looking for perfect places to recoup all the bad food thrown his way and a lighter fare after all the Besh foods in town. We came for location and ease to get in and feed the kids and ourselves. It was all right & if you are looking for real sushi, it's really all right.
I just miss the calm of of sushi bars of yonder ago where there was slow Koto sounds being plucked away to relax with your delicious meal, rather than the loud music everyone blares now to say, "we are young, we will make u party" sushi place. If it's gonna be pop, why not J-Pop? It's not my restaurant though, is it?
Oh and there's no Agedashi Tofu...just a PS.
And no "scary" sushi/freshness issues so, really decent if you're in a pinch.pretty good. hibachi ny strip was chewy.Great sushis, fast delivery (ordered through Yelp while visiting new Orleans) would recommend !This place was delicious! We randomly stopped here on Fat Tuesday because we were so hungry and needed to charge our phones. We got the salmon and avocado roll, the shrimp tempura roll and the tchopetula - which is what you see in pics. It's was so good we ate it too fast lol. My absolute and vodka was also strong as hell.Speedy service and friendly ..... Good specialty rolls , nothing really stands out but goodResident of Lafayette, but a frequent visitor of Nola. Saw this place by chance and decided to stop in and get some sushi, despite my fear of trying new sushi restaurants. I wasn't disappointed. We had a dragon roll, a sex in the city roll, pan-fried gyoza and a couple pieces of fresh salmon nigiri. All of it was delicious! Staff was super friendly, but service was a little slow in the beginning. Overall, I'd definitely visit again.I work next door and have been getting the asparagus tempura rolls lately, DELICIOUS!! Staff is friendly and sushi is hella cheap (price wise) for downtown...
The fried rice is soooooooo good, best I've ever had...so good! Plus they deliver...no complaints at all :) best sushi downtown for sure, fish is so fresh and wasabi is authentic...
Now I am craving a Philly roll! No fail sushi spot for sure :)Let me first say that I've been a sushi chef for over five years.  I hold sushi chefs to a very high standard, and when i rave about the sushi at Geisha, its really just that good. Super fresh and delcious, the rice was airy and the seafood clean.  Servers were really friendly, and completely knowledgable on the menu.  Just a great exprience.An OK option for sushi in this area. Sashimi salad was probably the best item we had here.I love the staff here- really cool and super friendly. The menu is overpriced but probably consistent with the area.This place was such a delight! Service was good, we called ahead and they held a table for us! It was very convenient that it was in walking distance from our hotel.
I had the miso soup, my husband had the avocado salad, both very delicious!
Next came out rolls! We tried the California, eel & the crawfish rolls! The crawfish one was truly amazing, our New Orleans favorite!Living uptown gives me sushi bar choices in pretty much any direction I choose. When lazy I go up the street to the closest, Kyoto, but when I really crave sushi it's typically Tennou on the westbank. However, lately I have been shortening my drive to Tennou by selecting Geisha. While the sushi is a bit pricey by comparison, the quality of product, presentation of dishes, and overall experience make Geisha a strong choice.
Parking is of course an issue due to location and Nola one-way streets!This place was pretty good the hostess was very friendly the place was very clean we were served at a very timely fashion. Food was very good , the special rolls were a tad Higher than I am use to paying but it's in the city so I understand and it's only a few dollars more . The only complaint I have is when we ordered me and my husband a lot of food Bc we wanted to sample a lot of stuff so I'm going to pay so I order what I want , well when we gave the lady our order sheet she was like are you going to take that to go i was like excuse me and she's like this a lot of food so if u didn't it's waste I wanted to say I am ordering I am paying I can take all this food and throw it in the garbage if I want it's none of ur business if I waste but besides that everything was goodGood miso soup, great unagi. What more can you ask for?Nice decoration. I had the Hidden Dragon, Sex & The City, Sakura and Shrimp Tempura Rolls. Also had the Gyoza (Vegetable Dumplings). Everything was delicious. Service was excellent and food arrived very fast. If you are in the area for business or pleasure and you are looking for something different than oysters, gumbo or jambalaya, give them a try. You will not be disappointed.Stopped by this joint for dinner with a couple of my friends. It wasn't packed when we got there but by the time we left it got busier. Parking is street parking just so you know. It's a bit dark outside since there isn't much street lighting.
The ambiance is pretty relaxing with the dim lights. I wish there was a bit more lighting but what can you do. The price is a bit high but it's sushi so I didn't expect much. We ordered 2 appetizers and about 5 rolls if I remember correctly. 
I don't recall what rolls but I did post a picture for the restaurant. It was all delicious! But we managed to get full off of everything between 5 people. The bill came close to 100 bucks though, but for 5 people we were satisfied.
The waitress was sweet as well as the rest of the staff. I would recommend you try it out at least once with people=]I was very pleased with this restaurant. The sashimi was fresh and the rolls very tasty. About the only downside was the loud, trendy music. I prefer to eat at restaurants not listen to music.Sub-par sushi at best. Rolls were small and falling apart. Service was slow and there were what seemed like 4 to 5 people rolling sushi.Sushi was fresh and had proper texture and flavor. Priced appropriately.
Miso soup: 5/5
Yellowtail: 4.5/5
Salmon: 5/5
Tuna: 4.5/5
Staff was kind and courteous. Will visit again.Ordered off Yelp and bam delivered two rolls in minutes after 11pm! Tchoupitoulas and Ninja roll for the win! 9-23-16Pretty good sushi for New Orleans! 
We had good service.. Although they automatically charges us a 20% gratuity to the bill. We came at lunch and only had 5 of us.
Their no rice Rolls were delicious and so was their chicken katsu.Just tried to order delivery from them to get delivered to our hotel. Online ordered at 8:29 and we had to call and cancel and get a refund at 9:40 because they never showed up. We called at 9:08 to check on it and the girl said he would be here in ten minutes. My husband went down to the lobby to make sure he was there, but no luck. When we called at 9:37, she said "oh, he is back at the store because he didn't have the number to call you and said he went there but didn't see you and couldn't call you but I just updated it in the system and he is on his way back" ...so needless to say our food would have been cold, sitting in a container for over an hour. I don't really understand how the driver didn't call the restaurant and ask for our number when we had to provide it on the online order and we had already called once before...Just to put it out there, Tchoupitoulas is spelled wrong on their to-go menu. That's really sad considering the street sign is, oh, RIGHT THERE. o_o'
Atmosphere:
I know this place hasn't been open for a while, so I wanted to give it a try a few times to give it a fair review. Every time I ate at Geisha, it was for lunch, so the energy was always business-y or quick-eat type of thing. Geisha is a decent-sized restaurant with bar and sushi bar. There's also a TV for those who needs one. They play music loudly so you can hear it outside, but that doesn't really bother me. However, it can overpower your conversation if you're sitting toward the back. The tables are also a little close together, and a big group could give you some arrangement issues. 
Food:
I'm not the one to eat regular rolls because why eat something that other places can serve just as well? I like to get the items that are uniquely theirs--or as unique as it can be. Calamari didn't impress me at all. It just had a really weird taste and wasn't crispy enough. Meh to the dipping sauce. The tuna tataki was pretty decent, but not as refreshing as I'd like it to be. The ponzu sauce could use a bit more citrus. I did have some of the regular rolls just to try it out, and as I expected, tastes about the same as any other place I've been. I do like their crouching tiger roll though (4/5 stars) because, surprise, it has tuna tataki and ponzu sauce (in case you didn't know, I LOVE tuna tataki/ponzu sauce). On a side note, something's off with their snow crab... might just be me though. 
Service:
I don't recall ever having bad service. As a matter of fact, my server today was really polite and great, even though I had to ask for plates to eat on (unless you want me to eat off the table. Ew). No big deal. He got me out of there within an hour, which is important if you only have an hour to use. 
Conclusion:
The food doesn't suck enough for you to regret spending your money there. Good job Geisha.Ordered this via Postmates and was letdown. I usually don't try sushi places out here in NOLA because, well, they suck. I ordered the spicy tuna roll and the spicy crunch roll. Both were tasteless and boring. The spicy tuna had absolutely no flavor and the crunchy roll was boring. 
One star for having Shumai here though!I never been inside this restaurant but heard great things about the dining in experience. I always order through Yelp for this restaurant. My food is always on time, always hot(depending on what I order).The delivery guys are always clean and neat with a big smile. Avocado sushi is the absolute best and the Avocado salad. The only meat I eat is Shrimp and crawfish so of course, the shrimp and crawfish rolls and asparagus rolls are to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant.SASHIMI SALAD + CRISPY SALMON SKIN!
We decided to come in between parades so it was a tad busy but they were able to accommodate for our big group of 10. We ordered a bit of everything.
*Apps: Hamachi Kama, Gyoza, Squid Steak, Yellowtail Jalapeno, Sashimi & Salmon Skin Salad
*Rolls: Crouching Tiger & Tchoupitoulas
*Entrees: Chicken Katsu
The food was very fresh and tasty. The Hamachi Kama takes about 20-25 minutes, but its worth the wait, crispy yet delicate - good portion! The Sashimi Salad + Crispy Salmon Skin isn't on the menu, but they will make it for you! THIS IS SOO BOMB! Trust me, the cubes of fresh fish contrasts perfectly with the bits crispy salmon skin! The sushi overall was good, but I felt like the portions could have been bigger.  
*Service: Good, friendly server - very attentive
Tip: Some places near parade routes raised their prices during Mardi Gras.Perfect for a late night sushi run! They were open on New Years Eve and very accommodating. They had so many choices but my favorite was definitely the New Orleans themed sushi rolls!Pretty much the best place for late-night sushi. They're open til midnight on the weekends. The normal rolls (salmon, California, etc) are fairly expensive and not worth the price. 
However, the special rolls are unique and pretty delicious. The King Cake roll is basically a sushi dessert. I also like the Hand Grenade and Hello Kitty hand rolls. If you're going here, order the special rolls and be prepared to pay.This was some of the worst sushi I've ever had. I only ate half the sashimi and half the white ninja then went home, got sick and barfed it all up. I was the only one who yacked, but all six of our party agreed food was awful.Nice place. Enjoyed some sushi and hibachi chicken. Friendly waitress, Gloria and prompt service. Nice classic rock soundtrack. Good selection of beer, liquor and sake. I'll be back.Went there today because I read something about them having a Hello Kitty roll and my boyfriend and I enjoying trying new places. Our waitress was awesome, she really took care of us. The California roll didn't have any roe on it and hardly ANY rice but a crapton of sesame seeds. My hello kitty roll was very disappointing :( it was a very small hand roll for 15.00. My boyfriend got the king cake roll and liked it. I'm glad we tried this place but I would definitely recommend Sushi Brothers over Geisha any day!Great sushi and yummy cocktails! The place was empty, but that just meant better service for us. The white Ninja roll was delish!! Great spice and flavor!!I Just tried their simple rolls, like the spicy salmon and the white tuna. The fish was definitely fresh, however the pieces were kind of small considering the price. I have gone other places in the city and been able to get larger pieces for the same or cheaper. Not a bad choice but I was unimpressed considering I paid $15 (after tax) for 2 small 6 piece rolls..Sushi was excellent! Family of 8 looked for the nearest sushi spot and tried it out. We were very pleased! A cold beer in a chilled glass with rolls and sashimi. They also deliver which is a plus since our hotel is a few blocks away.I was pretty curious of the high rating on Yelp, therefore my family decided to give it a try. We ordered miso soup, white ninja special roll, asparagus roll, crab stick roll, snow crab roll, and chicken udon. The miso soup had an unnaturally strong fishy scent, which was very different than the authentic Japanese miso soup which I'm very familiar with. After mentioning the fishy scent to the waiter, he offered us the clear soup, which was okay. 
The rolls wasn't impressive at all. The seafood inside were floppy with a lack of freshness, definitely thawed after staying in the fridge for many days.
In general, I really don't recommend folks that are familiar with authentic Japanese food to visit.Good lunch deal :-)
I was staying in the area / Warehouse district and was looking for Asian food, this place came up and it was good.  I would go back the next time I was in the area.We were there tonight and our server was Iva. She was very rude and didn't get our sushi till after we finished our hibachi . When we were trying to pay out she brought  the sushi out . And when we said we didn't want it bc it took too long she looked at me and said "you got to be "fucking" kidding me . Never will go there again,period.It was raining so we ordered the Bourbon Roll, Puff Daddy Roll and the Spicy Tuna Roll. Every piece was delicious and reasonably priced. I will definitely order again.Food is good.  Price is right.  The restaurant will add 20% during holidays or special events!I ordered the rainbow roll without that fake snow crab. They made the roll with asparagus instead. The fish atop was the absolute thinnest shrimp, salmon and tuna I've EVER seen. Paper thin. Plus, the avocado was mushy and brown. Clearly, this is a tourist trap and not a spot that takes pride in its product. Too bad.We came for Mother's Day and we had the following rolls:
*Tchoupitulas 
*Sex & the city 
*Crispy Calamari
*Sakura Roll
There all good and I wouldn't hesitate to get them again. The restaurant is nice and the music is awesome (hip hop)The food was absolutely delicious, NO COMPLAINTS! BUT, the service was horrible, and we were charged for something we didn't order. It took so long for the waitress to come back to our table. We just paid and left.Stayed open late for us. Food was so good. 
Sushi was great. Pho was amazing!! 
Great service xWe recently moved to NOLA and are getting to grips (and loving) with the food...and the calories but coming from Europe we were craving something a little lighter. Geisha opened during Mardi Gras opposite Pinkberry & was always full so we tried it for a takeaway. We've been back maybe 4 times in the past 3 weeks. Great service & staff and most importantly, perfectly fresh, well constructed, delicious sushi. They also have a good selection of non-standard items if you're craving something different from california rolls! Would recommend to anyone and everyone!Been here twice and had a great meal both times. I haven't tried very many sushi places in the city but this is the best so far. The first time I went was with 3 coworkers so we just split a few of the specialty rolls: the Sex & the City, the White Ninja, the Puff Daddy, and Geisha Kiss. My least favorite was the Geisha Kiss but I'm not a cucumber fan. The second time I went I got the Sex & the City and a Tuna Avocado roll. Big fan of the Sex & the City - topped with avocado (a must-have for me with sushi) and mango. I'm eager to try more of their specialty rolls. The regular rolls are decent size and good too - although I've only had the Tuna Avocado. Sometimes regular rolls like that aren't enough by themselves. But here they're decent size. Can't wait to go back.
UPDATE Aug. 2013 - Upon returning multiple times and getting to-go on numerous occasions as this is a block away from where I work, my favorite roll is definitely the Sex & the City.I visited this restaurant based on yelp reviews. It lived up to expectations! The sushi was amazing. I recommend the white ninja (if you like spicy). And in the spirit of new Orleans, if you've never had crawfish in sushi (which I hadn't previously), you should try the puff daddy roll. The only downfall is that they only have beer and saki (at least right now- they are pretty new).My favorite sushi spot in Nola! The rolls are more expensive than your typical sushi spot but these are also a lot more filling. The staff is super helpful and kind and the place is located right off Canal St. which is awesome bc it's a short walk to a lot of nice places. My favorite rolls are the Puff Daddy and Twister. Can't beat those name ;)After Muses, I had wanted to grab a bite Uptown, but by 10pm all the restaurants along Magazine were closed. Got to Tchoupitoulas by Windsor Court as Float #4 was passing (I live in the Quarter) and didn't mind waiting for Float #12 so I could take a photo of a friend on it who had given me a shoe earlier. By then I was really hungry and was very happy that Geisha was still open. I probably wouldn't have cared what they served.
But it was excellent. I couldn't make up my mind between the seaweed and squid salad so the server suggested a combo of 2 half portions. Each were delicious and the combination (for a slight surcharge) was wonderful.
I got three rolls. The salmon & avocado was good. The BBQ eel roll was better. And the BBQ Yellowtail was best of all--the flavor of the fish really came through.
Service was very attentive. And it was a kick to sit there eating while watching a parade go by. Though the prices seemed a little on the high side (I suspect their rent is significant in that location), I look forward to returning :-)This was ok.  It's nice that you can order it online...so you don't have to interact with anyone over the phone.  But it was awfully pricey and all of the fish smelled fishy. I wasn't able to eat most of it because it just felt too slimy and gross.  I order similar items from other sushi restaurants and my bill is usually $40-$50 and mine was $70 here.
Also, I went to dine inside this restaurant around Christmas (luckily they were open), but the service was slow and aggravating.  We ordered a bottle of wine and it became a whole big situation since they were out of it.  But, instead of telling us that, our server ignored our table for about 15 minutes, then came back and started taking our order as if she hadn't been there at all.  When we asked about the wine, she said her manager had gone to grab it from the back.  We received our apps and asked for the wine and she came right back with a completely different bottle than what we had ordered.  When my date brought that up she just said, "Yeah, we're out of the one you ordered."  I can't remember exactly what we had ordered but it was some sort of dry white and she had brought us a bottle of Riesling.  It was way too sweet for us.  The food was all fine, nothing spectacular, but the shoddy service was a huge turn-off.I was in town for a Marriott Conference. I am a sushi lover and decided to try this place out based on the reviews. I was not disappointment. I took my food to go but the restaurant appeared to be clean and staff was very friendly,  Sushi tasted great too. Thank youI ordered through the third party delivery service they contract through and made the order at 9pm knowing they close at 10pm. The delivery service didn't even call it in until 40 minutes later and by then it was too late to get anything. This whole "we're New Orleans, we can have bad service" doesn't fly anymore and this one-star reflects that. Get it together people. Your food's not even that great, having been there before, but I thought it was at least available.Nice central location, clean & casual ambiance. The food is amazing though, probably the best rolls I've had here with some nice starters and a full selection of Japanese beers to wash it down with.I had my sushi delivered and it was awesome! The king cake roll was sweet with the coconut fried shrimp on the inside and eel sauce all over the top. I also had the crunchy calamari roll was good too, I enjoyed it but I'm not sure I'd buy one next time I order.
I was really impressed with how fast the delivery guy came since he was on bike and my place is 1 block away from where they stop delivering. Both he and the lady who took my order were really nice.Due to a medical condition sashimi is one of the few things I can eat, and I have it 4 times a week. The sashimi I had delivered to my room at the Ritz, was excellent. I'll be doing the same again tonight.Love love this place! Everything we ordered were really really good. 
Food 5/5 
Service 5/5
Super nice n clean, modern decorA bit over priced and sushi was meh. Highlights here are the hamachi and fried rice. Every thing else was average. Also have to take into consideration that there aren't that many places like this in New Orleans.I got delivery tonight and it was very on point. It only took 35 mins for a the delivery and it was 8:30 on a Friday. Sushi tasted really fresh and filling. I will definitely be ordering delivery soonThis was my first time at Geisha but I was impressed by the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was a simple meal with my best friend and it didn't feel too fancy or too plain. Very relaxing and I love looking out of the windows seeing the 1 canal place and the streets. The staff was very friendly and as always greeted by everyone upon entry.  Our server, I believe her name was Mai, was very nice and helped explained to us what was in the rolls and any other questions we had. The first roll we chose was on the special we saw outside and it was called the Puff Daddy Roll which was actually very delicious. Will definitely be ordering this roll again. The layout of the roll was actually spread out on a plate with the tempera crawfish and it really filled us up. We could've just been satisfied with this one roll. But we had ordered two other rolls. One was just a simple crunchy dynamite roll and the other, which we mainly chose because of the name, was the Hello Kitty Roll. Now this roll really surprised us because it was nothing like a sushi roll. It was actually a whole sushi roll just cut into two pieces. So it looked more like a soy paper spring roll. Now I didn't try this roll but I'm sure it would have been very interesting to eat. I think I'll actually get this roll again next time and actually try it. One thing that did question me was that it says they do habachi but I didn't see an actually habachi room. I did, however, see a room behind a glass wall and if that was indeed the habachi area then the customers would be sitting outside with the other diners and just watch there. I'm not sure about this but I'll be sure to ask next time i go.
Overall, I'm impressed with the restaurant and their unique rolls and will look forward into trying the place again whenever I'm walking the streets downtown and craving for sushi.Probably the worst service I've ever received at a sushi place. There's no one to seat you at the door and I watched others come into the restaurant looking for a host. Why is there even a host stand? The food was pricey and tasted mediocre. Don't think I'll be back.On vacation in New Orleans for Easter weekend we decided to light up our last dinner in town and went for sushi.
What a delicious great surprise!
We ordered sashimi "a la carte" and it was deliciously fresh and tasty.
Slices were cut the perfect size and the yellowtail was one of the best i have ever eaten!
The waiter (don't know his name) was very welcoming and efficient.
The only tiny downside was the rice: too hot for my taste.
Delicious fish and nice staff a nice surprise and a great dinner to end our trip!
Ps: sorry for my bad EnglishWow.  A sushi joint that rivals those of the best in NYC and San Francisco.  (Spoiler alert:  the chef and owners are from NYC).
Great decor, with the wall painted in a very beautiful canvas of a tree blossoming and floating its leaves into the city nightscape.  The music is hip and modern, and the staff is friendly and attentive.
The sushi and sashimi are very fresh.  The salmon melted in my mouth and the white fish was delectable.
If I was a NOLA native, I would definitely be a regular here.  It's a great escape for those who are tired of eating fried Creole/Cajun cuisine 3 days in a row.
Note: I didn't order any signature rolls because everytime I step into a sushi spot for the first time, I order the traditional and standard tuna, spicy salmon, scallop, and tuna/avocado rolls, along with some sashimi to see if their food is fresh.  If a restaurant does well with the basics, then I try their more creative specialties.  As with the opposite, if a place cannot even get the basic, simple dishes right, then why bother with anything else?
All in all, what a great sushi place that fills a hole in the NOLA food scene.I work in the CBD area and order from here at least once a week. It's decently priced and the rolls are yummy. My favorite thing about them is that they deliver to me at work!I was there one night last Thanksgiving (2011)  with my sister and her fiance'.  It was a week night, not very busy.  In fact, there might have been only one other table. About 8pm?  
I don't remember having to wait an inordinate amount  of time for a table or the dishes we ordered.   I was impressed with the decor and we talked about how chic the place looked.  Plus it's a good sized interior, with high ceilings.
I also do not remember exactly what we ordered.  However, I do remember that we did end up having to order more food.  The rolls were quite small if memory serves.  And expensive. 
 My brother in law and I are big guys -but not overweight.   I think we ended up spending about $75-$80 which I think is alot  for sushi for 3.   I have been to other sushi places and the portions were much larger.  As far as taste, I remember it being quite good, I had ordered a California roll and the avocado was fresh and very good.Went there with a group after the half marathon this weekend. Owner was very nice and helpful and modified our orders to our liking. The food was fresh and delicious! They had a good mix of raw and cooked sushi rolls as well.I have never been so disappointed in a restaurant in my life. 
This restaurant was not worth our time and probably gotten better service at mc donalds.
First off they advertise as habachi, but they have no tables to cook at. 
The food we did get was ok, pretty good. Not worth calling home about.
The worst part was the service. It was the worst!
Waitress came to the table said less than 5 words to us. We ordered and she left only to return with the food, which she just dropped off and walked away. She never can back to the table, no one ever acknowledged us. We couldn't get refills on our drinks because there was no one to be found. When the check was dropped the other waiter put it on the table and walked off. Our waitress was standing there doing nothing, just looking at us.
I don't think we heard more than 10 words from both of them together.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE WILL NEVER GO BACKA few steps above shopping mall food court fare, I suppose, and a decent value & atmosphere. Still, the name Geisha Bistro suggests a stronger Japanese influence than the oil-laden stir-fries and deep fried spring rolls deliver. Business is brisk, but I will not return.Close to crib and conference center,  After we sat down we realized we had been here 10 years ago and smiled wryly at each other. Lychee martini was good and service nice. Just not a great choice of food.  Adequate.Amazing and fresh as always! Love this place. Reasonably priced, service with a smile, unique offerings, & super accommodating (I needed a bag of ice for my knee after a race and they brought it with a smile).I often stay in a nearby hotel and Geisha is the perfect option for delivery or dine-in when I'm craving sushi. I usually get the White Ninja - I love spicy tuna rolls - but also enjoy their salmon and avocado salads.Everything I've tried has been delicious and fresh. The hello kitty hand roll is the bomb. They happily make substitutions, use super fresh ingredients, staff has always been super friendly. Best of all? They deliver really far (all the way near the bywater)...always impressed with how fast they deliver too, even on busy weekends or holidays. If you are considering trying this place, bite the bullet and do it. Everything is delicious (and I'm a picky eater) and you won't regret it!I love this place for lunch. I work in the CBD, and I'm a gluten-free vegan, so I normally just have to bring my lunch to work. But Geisha offers affordable vegan, gluten free options and the service is really friendly. I get the tofu steak, avacado rolls, and seaweed or green salad. I really like the atmosphere at lunch. It's airy and bright, there are normally quite a few groups at the tables, and I sit with others dining alone at the sushi bar. It feels comfortable.I rolled into here one rainy night during the halftime of Game 4 of the Dallas Mavs/Miami Heat playoff series. I was watching the game in my hotel room, had seriously delayed dinner because of the game and was starving. I needed something fast and within walking distance that was till open at 9:30pm. Yelp indicated to me that Geisha Sushi Bistro was still open and I thought that sushi was just the thing to eat with ease in a hotel room.
I trekked over and placed my order. The place seemed fairly empty as I walked in, but it was close to closing anyway. The staff was friendly enough. I ordered two rolls to go - the Dragon roll and the Hidden dragon roll. It cost me about $30. 
I asked for extra masago and they happily obliged. 
Both rolls were good but the Hidden Dragon roll was particularly delicious. I'd go back just for that roll alone. My one complain would be that while soy sauce and chopsticks were included, they did not provide a plastic sauce container to hold the soy sauce. Luckily I had asked for extra masago so I had that container, but I would have been very annoyed without something to dip in.Great sushi! Great hibachi,  great service.  We ordered from this place twice while we were in town.  Delicious chicken fried rice and sashimi.Not a lot of variety or fish that isn't of the typical hamachi, maguro, unagi, sake variety.  However, the portions are large and the fish they have is pretty good, particularly the saba and the hamachi.Ordered the standards because really don't what to expect with a new sushi place, but they were very tasty as was the Twister specialty roll we ordered. Only complaint is that the speciality roll was a bit large. Atmosphere was nice as was the drink selection.my boyfriend and I have only been in NO for 3 days and have eaten here twice! I don't eat fish, but the veggie sushi is awesome! my honey had the New York hibachi steak with fried rice, veggies, and miso soup which was delicious too. I urge you all to go try this place!Very busy restaurant.  The food were just "okay" compared to some other Japanese restaurants around the NO metros.  We had went on a Friday evening and had waited almost an hour on a table.  I usually start off with squid steak at every Japanese restaurant that offers it.  It is disappointing when Geisha does not make theirs grilled on the hot platter.  It would taste better cooked that way with the sauce and the squid hot and sizzling at the same time.  The texture came out better.  We've also started off with the baked salmon which again was a flop sat atop wilted greens.  The rolls were not tightly wrapped causing it to fall apart. They overdid the eel sauce which resulted in a highly salted and soggy taste.  Udon were too plain and not good like Lil Tokyo-at all.I feel like every meal here is the same quality and consistency is great. Better than a few other sushi places we've been to. Prices are moderate, not too too overpriced especially for their location. We used to live in the CBD and get delivery from them and the rolls would come in a decent amount of time and still be fresh/cold. It's never been packed when we've been and never had a problem with service.Pretty solid sushi place in New Orleans. Friendly service and quick delivery of rolls. Miso soup was good as well. Wasn't a big fan of the white tuna jalapeño roll, but the yellowtail and salmon nigiri were both good, and the shrimp tempura -tuna specialty roll I got was tasty also.Atmosphere was okay but I am not sure about the foods. I cannot tell that their sushi is fresh. I am not that impressed with it. If this place is in another city, it would be a good restaurant. However, this restaurant is in New Orleans, food-lovers' city. There are a lot of better restaurants. I will try other seafood restaurants than this place.Surprisingly good hibachi meal served dinner style. Excellent service with an overall friendly vibe and very nice decor. Walking distance to hotels and shopping. Thoroughly enjoyed the meal and experience.Had an early dinner and so glad we found this place. So good! Definitely get the salmon fried rice..delicious!!! Great service from Gloria  and the sushi rolls (rainbow and tchoupitoulas) were tasty!!!great location, creative food that tastes great.  Good service and interesting selection of sake!  It won't be the last time I go... the hibatchi meals looked great, and I really enjoyed the sushi rolls... especially the specialty ones!I just ordered delivery from here and was super underwhelmed. I got the tofu and veggies. I didn't get the rice that I was supposed to and the tofu wasn't cooked very well. So I basically ended up paying 25 bucks for a box of veggies in a salty sauce. Would probably be better in the restaurant but who knows.Amazing flavor and presentation. Friendly wait staff. I love jalepenos on my sushi and they have two rolls with them as ingredients. Yay!Great sushi at a reasonable price. Nicely balanced rolls with rice that is just the right amount of sticky.  Tamari available is requested.My friends and I went here as the other place we wanted to go to was closed on Monday nights.  I really questioned this place as we walked in.  It looks like it belongs on Bourbon Street.  Someone said the door was open, and yes it was.  It's right off of Canal which also makes it questionable in my mind.  The sushi was OK--I wonder how fresh the fish was though?  As far as I know, no one got sick, but I really did wonder about the fish.  I won't put this on my list of places to return to when I return to New Orleans.I was needing a morning in and some delivery on the second morning of my vacation, and I was very excited to get some sushi delivered to my hotel. My order got to me in about 45 minutes. I got two very basic sushi rolls, which were just ok. They were really salty, which was new for me ordering sushi. Nice that they deliver in the French quarter, but with so many good eating options around, I don't think I'd recommend.Really, really good sushi people. The sashimi platter was amazing. All the fish was really fresh and delicious. We also had the yellowtail jalapeño and white ninja roll. Super impressed. The place was kid friends. Our toddlers at edamame, a California roll, and then they brought them an ice cream sundae. Can't wait to come back here.The food was good but there was hair in the steak and when we told the waiter, he was nice and was going to compensate the meal. However, the manager was a complete asshole and almost didn't want to compensate any because some of the food was eaten before the hair was found. If it were up to us, we would have found the hair first and not eaten it! Rude! After arguing with him, they finally compensated us half the meal price. Scan yalls food first before you eat!I visited on a Monday evening. The service was fast and overall friendly. I tried 3 rolls from the regular sushi menu - Philadelphia, spicy tuna, and yellow tail - but none of the specialty rolls. All were average quality, though the yellow tail was very bland and I was missing the spicy sauce that usually comes on a spicy tuna roll. 
Prices were excellent!  
I would try this place again knowing now that it's more of a fast food type place than a fancier Japanese restaurant. And I'd definitely try the specialty rolls instead.Last nights dinner included an amazing freshly caught Hamachi Kama despite the 25 minute wait to prepare it.... The fish was absolutely well worth the wait while relaxing in the low key environment.Great service, food was good, and very fast delivery. I would eat from here again and recommend to others!Great little place.  Prices were right sushi was very good.  Really friendly service.  Good choice of traditional sushi and greatm sekection of beer.Yum stuff. Quick and happy service. 
Chose the manly Hello Kitty soy sushi, was delicious. Looked like a wrap, tasted great. Philadelphia roll was and  is always a favorite.This is not the very best sushi I've ever had, but it's totally adequate if you get a craving. A good selection of standard rolls and unique rolls, including a number of rice paper rolls. I've been to the restaurant, and it's good a good selection of sake, etc.
While not the best sushi in the world, it is some of the best delivery options in NOLA. The delivery is always prompt, appropriately hot/cold, and tasty.Sushi was great!  I love that this place is low key.  I was here for a conference and didn't feel awkward eating dinner alone.  I'm also giving them thumbs up on their decor.Specialty drinks were awesome. The Samurai is to die for. Food was good as well. Highly recommend the G6 roll.Wonderful way to start our vacation. Great rolls. Decent prices. 
Check it out. This was so close to our hotel, The Doubletree.Stopped in here for lunch during a trip to N.O., and stumbled into a great find!  If you like reasonably-priced sushi and a no-frills environment that is loud (but DEFINITELY not a dive), this is a great spot.  Sushi quality was great, portions were surprisingly large, and the restaurant was both clean and neat (a rarity in N.O., sadly).  Best of all, it's right down the street from the W Hotel, and they deliver!!  Next time I'm in N.O. will be ordering Monday Night Football sushi from this place -- really great food, friendly atmosphere, & reasonable prices.  Great staff, too!!Stopped in to grab a sushi roll and a few alcoholic beverages... The food was f*cking awesome and the drinks were strong. Perfect place to me.Hibachi fried rice was good. But they messed up the soft shell crab....bad!  Bad attitudes toward Americans or should I say blacks.  Very, very, very overpriced!A great sushi place in New Orleans. Just steps from Harrah's Casino. They had a good selection of beer including Kirin, and a great sushi menu. The tuna with jalapenos on top looked wonderful!This is my 2nd time here. 1st time I was here just came in to the bar to watch some nfl and had a few beers. This time had lunch with a few friends. Service was fast, waitress was on point and got our orders in quickly. I got lunch special 3 rolls for 13.50 that came with soup just like most sushi places. Dynamite roll and salmon roll were good but did not really like tuna roll it seemed like it wasn't really fresh. I love tuna rolls and this one I passed on. I also had avocado salad which was good and fresh.  I would probably try another sushi  place if and when I come back to New Orleans.My husband and I came in and stood there looking around to see if we were going to be seated. Eventually, someone behind the bar told us we can sit where ever we liked. 
Our server was a excellent. Probably the only good thing about out experience. We tipped over 20% because he did more than he had too. 
As for food, the squid steak was cold. It did not come in the sizzling pan, like what we are used to. The flavor was bland. The baked salmon was barely decent. The sushi rolls were tiny. They looked like a mini version of sushi from other places. 
The server said that the sushi chef was new and did things slightly different. Maybe we got unlucky tonight with a new chef. We came here based on reviews and the pictures looked great. We did not get what we were expecting.So I came here for a 25th birthday dinner for one of my friends (I know, right?). I feel like for a 25th birthday dinner, this is not the place to go. It's a hole in the wall type of place. Though clean and nice-ish looking on the inside, it reminds me of one of those Japanese places in a strip mall.
One of the main things I hated about this place is that they left their front doors open. Doors open + downtown = RATS. Even though I did not actually see any, it's what I kept thinking about as I was eating. Yeah, not so appetizing.
Moving on, the service was really slow. They brought all of our meals out separately. One of my friends ordered an appetizer, which was brought out with her main dinner while others had their appetizers brought out as an actual appetizer. Then when it was time for our entrees we all received them at different intervals. This just created awkwardness amongst our group because no one wanted to be rude and start eating first.
Not to mention, parking is a serious issue. I don't know why my friend would choose to pick a place that has no parking on a Saturday night. Yeah, good luck finding a spot on the street!
Oh and make sure you check your receipt because they included gratuity (maybe because we had a group of like 6 of us, who knows, but our waitress did not deserve a full 18-20% or whatever the gratuity was).
Despite the fact we ate here for a birthday dinner, the front doors were left open as an invitation for the vermin roaming the streets of New Orleans, and the customer service not being the greatest, the food was actually pretty good. That's about the only redeeming factor about this place.
All in all, this is the type of place you come during a lunch break to pick up a to-go order, not for a nice birthday dinner.The food is amazing. Reasonably priced. Kyle was my server and was nothing short of amazing. If you have no clue what to order just tell them what you like and they have it from there. The music is awesome and the ambience is amazing. Relaxed setting. Great place to stop by. Not too crowded either. Fast service as well!!! Must come back again. 2nd day in a row for me!!!Place has been a favorite for quite a while, just getting around to reviewing it. Sushi is really good, but the rice is better. It is sits on the corner of a very busy intersection yet it's nevere crowded. It really a hidden gem and nobodys knows, great for us and a good plan B if any other sushi place is not working out. Drinks are good, the place is a great spot for a dinner date.We just got back from lunch - the service was amazingly attentive and quick. I got the chirashi bowl and it was perfect. I didn't think I liked escolar before today - but this fish was so fresh and buttery that I will definitely be ordering it from here again.Went here for my last bday and let me tell you the food, decor, and service are amazing! While waiting for my party peeps to show up I ordered a cocktail called "Happy Buddha", it's lychee sake, lemon smirnoff, and lemonade. LIKE OMG FABULOUS ! When they finally came around I ordered the White Ninja (love spicy food) and King Cake (love cream cheese). The rolls came out lickity split and the server was cute (hubba hubba ;D) oh and he was nice but i wasn't focused on that LOL. In front of Harrah's Casino and near Pinkberry!Not extremely busy when we arrived, it was the middle of the week.  The food was quite decent, and when we ordered it, it came out rather quickly.  
The fried rice was nothing to jump for joy about, but their sushi was decent.  I would return to this place in the future.If you don't know what to eat, then I highly recommend the thick stir fried noodles with beef, the Beef Yaki Udon. If you don't want beef then of course there is chicken, vegetables, or seafood. It is very flavorful and even better if you add spicy! It's a must.My husband I found this beautiful spot just around the corner from our hotel and were impressed. It has the old New Orleans charm and really good sushi. 
We would definitely drop in again when we want something lighter than the typical creole we love.Delicious--we had the sashimi, sweet shrimp and the tchoupitoulas roll which is an absolute must!  The sashimi was very fresh and a good selection.  The place is super chill and has a full bar.  Will definitely come back!Oh so good.  Had the white fish, tuna and the crouching dragon specialty roll...YUMMMM and the service was excellent.  They made me feel extremely comfortable while dining alone!  It was a delight and can't wait to go back.  I thought it was a bit expensive for one $35.00, but that wouldn't prevent me from going again.  It was delicious.Extremely mediocre, I had faith but the food was eh. My soup tasted like SOAP. Then our dynamite rolls just were not enjoyable, had a weird Smokey taste to them. When we told the waitress that we didn't like them (it was obvious because we only had two pieces - I just couldn't stomach them) the waitress just smiled and walked away. Not even a slight, "I'm sorry". If you're craving sushi in Nola, don't bother coming here. The stomach ache will ruin your time.UPDATE: 8.17.12  Ordered my usual but this time the clear soup was not so great.  Humm... wonder what changed??
Never have I stepped foot in this place because they deliver!  I work in the CBD so this is such a treat.  Chirashi sushi lunch special.  The slices of sushi are much larger then other local sushi places.  Better still, they give you more slices then most places.  All of which you don't have to take out a loan or sign over your first born... the price is more the reasonable.  Usually I don't do what I call Amerikanized rolls, but this place broke me.  This very special roll is... Hello Kitty.  It's soy wrapper is filled with snow crab, coconut shrimp, avocado and masago.  This is one of the foods I could eat a bit of every day and be perfectly happy for the rest of my life.  
Co-workers order the roll combo lunch specials.  Everyone is always happy with their order.  Turned them onto this about 8 months ago.  At least once a month I place an order with these guys.  Also, they are seriously fast.  Beware though, make sure the person you give your order to understands your delivery addy.  The fist time I placed an order they brought my order to the wrong floor.  Chalking up to lost in translation.Best sushi we've ever had!! BBQ eel was my favorite roll! Great prices! Edamame was good a little less salty than I've had but that can be a good thing! Wife had shrimp fried rice that had a lot of onion in it but was really good! We stayed right across the street and it rained quite a bit while we were there so we actually had it twice!Tuna was brown, thought it was for sure going to give me food poisoning.  The gyoza seemed to be from a frozen package, the dynamite tasted terrible.  The only plus was my waitress was nice.  Definitely will not be going back.Last week I was in New Orleans visiting from San Francisco and joined friends at Geisha to celebrate a birthday.  I ordered a crawfish roll, and it was a very, very bad choice.  It tasted okay, perhaps too spicy, but what ended up happening was that I got a bad case of food poisoning that just about ruined my vacation.  I was the only one who ate from this roll, and no one else became sick. I have carefully reviewed everything else I ate that day and that roll was definitely what killed my stomach.  It's six days later, I'm back home, and considering calling my doctor since I still can barely eat.  It severely impacted my enjoyment of New Orleans and I hardly was able to eat its wonderful food.  It was a great big bummer.  Beware.Extremely rude & not customer oriented. A wait of 45 minutes which would have gotten us & 20 other people waiting seated 15 minutes till closing. They turned us away & said the kitchen would be closed & could not feed us. Never have I heard that before!  Was only going for convenience of location anyways.  Will not return.Fast delivery. Everything was delicious. The fried rice was excellent and was a very large serving -- I had leftovers for the next day.Not the best sushi place but also not the worst.
Pros:
-Comfortable seating 
-Okay food
-Near the Sheraton 
Cons:
-Wished they didn't rush us
I ordered the special rolls and splitted it with my friend.Great experience! Beef fried rice was amazing. Bourbon Roll was awesome and G6 for scallop lovers.Came here at the recommendation of the concierge at the Ritz.  I'd give it a solid B.  I tend to rate sushi joints by the quality of their unagi (eel) and it was good here, as was the rest of the sushi (especially the seaweed salad), but nothing outstanding.Hee-Yah(that is my kung fu chopping noise)! While on a quick business trip to NOLA I had dinner here one night with a few co-workers. We had the White Ninja, as recommended by the waitress, and it was delicious. It had the perfect amount of spice, crunch and sweet. It seemed like their specialty rolls all had a lot of ingredients and often that means the fish jut isn't that good so they add tons of everything else, but these were all really good. One of the appetizers we got was with spinach and scallops.....it was the best part of the meal. If you like scallops you should absolutely get that.Well the food is amazing it's no denying that ! But the staff and customer service is horrible. PLEASE DONT GO THERE A HOUR OR 30 MINUTES BEFORE THEY CLOSE THEY WILL TRY TO FORCE YOU TO-GO AND IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TOO THEY WILL RUSH YOUR FOOD. I went too this place everyday out of the month sometimes twice and I've never been treated horribly until the time they had to re roll my sushi. First off they rushed my food for maybe the 100th but this time the presentation of my food just couldn't be ignored. I asked if they can take the sushi back and fix it and the bartender flipped out and  argued with me to tell me how she wouldn't serve me anymore if I ever come back etc etc. WOW ! sorry geisha but I don't eat slop. Can you believe I brought my issue to the owner and he didn't care not one bit; If you care about how you're treated and not only great food but great presentation as well.....DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!Outdated and doesn't seem authentic. Food was ok but I can't recommend to others.  Great location but disappointed wish food and atmosphereBest Sushi in New Orleans. We stop here every time we come to the city. The miso soup is delicious. The fried tofu and vegetables is out of this world. And the salmon fried rice is a real treat.good food. little pricey & portions were decent. reviews on yelp were spot on. no real complaints.Second time this week while in town.  Give it six stars if I could.  Friendly staff. Great tasting sushi.This establishment is HORRIBLE and THIEVES! I did an online order they messed it up and never delivered my food but charged me! My cousin went there the next day only to see a COCKROACH on the floor eating debris! Therefore, they're also filthy ! DO NOT EAT HERE !One of the best sushi places in town. We lived at 930 Poydras and discovered them pretty quick. Ate there frequently. Now we are in the Irish Channel and still stop by every month or so. Five stars all they way.I haven't eaten in the restaurant yet, but in terms of CBD delivery, Geisha is an absolute 5* pick. The only other sushi places I'm familiar with are EXPENSIVE, and Geisha offers super-tasty rolls for desk-job prices.
I will say: the adorably foreign delivery guy is the saving grace, making up for the SHITTY phone service. Managers, if you read this, one of your 20-30-something men is a positive asswipe over the phone. An asswipe. I mean that. 
But in terms of food quality, the seafood salad, gyoza soup, Hello Kitty roll (and every other one I've had) are delish :)Come here for the noodle soup.  They have soba noodles, and the broth is super tasty.  Sushi is okay, and they give you packets of soy sauce.  What am I supposed to do with that?  Pour it in the cover and tilt it to get a dipping area?  No thank you.The only thing going for this place is the location. The sushi is so so- it's kind of comparable to Rouses. The waiter rushed me through my service even though it wasn't crowded- no hot towels at the beginning and he hovered over me to make my selection, eventually telling me they were about to close ( it was 9:30 on a Saints Sunday) but after I got my food he seated a couple right behind me!A friend and I went here recently craving  some really good sushi. It was walking distance from my hotel so I thought I'd give somewhere new a try. I don't think either one of us was too impressed. There are so many other places I've tried that have  been way better. This establishment was really clean with tables as well as a bar area. We came in on a weekday and made it before 2 pm so we were able to catch the lunch special. The special is 2 rolls with a side salad or soup for 10 bucks. I  decided on the spicy tuna and spicy salmon roll with miso soup; It was fresh, but just ok taste wise. Our waitress was not the most helpful either. She wasn't rude, but she could've been a bit more pleasant. I'm not sure if I'll return, but if I do I wouldn't do the lunch special menu. I'd definitely try a speciality roll instead.My boyfriend and I were visiting New Orleans from San Diego --  We ended up eating really great sushi....  But best of all we drank some fabulous hot Sake and then the boys made us some speciality drinks ---- our waiter was cool as hell and we had a great time that afternoon --- thanks for the good times!A solid alternative to all the New Orleans food. If you don't like getting fat and just done with all the fried foods this city offers, come here. It's a good place for people who want to eat better when they go on vacation. I got the Spring Love roll which had no rice. Plenty of tuna, krab, and veggies all in one. You should check this place outGood - but disappointing!      Not the cleanest space - including bathroom.  Rushed service in a near empty restaurant (arrived at early dinner hour) - No effort on part of the server to "sell" me on the food - just a couple passes by with  "Are you ready, yet?"...  I pointed directly at something photographed at the menu - and got something similar - but different - this was the biggest disappointment.   Then - when about 1/2 my meal was left untouched, I was not asked if everything was ok, just an attempt to clear it away...  I had to interject that I would please like to take it home.     I don't like oversized hinged styrofoam containers for 6 pieces of a sushi roll - and what good is taking home leftovers if I have no utensils with which to eat them - nor appropriate condiments (soy sauce) to make the take home experience pleasant.   
Must say - the quality of the food - which was nice as far as I experienced, was sure distracted by all the rest.   
I don't think I'd come back  and spend more $ here...  it's too expensive for such a middle of the road experience.  
Enjoy!I enjoy this place, happy to see that I can now have my lunch delivered on busy days!I have order twice from this restaurant and twice the prices on their menu and on their website was less then what they charged me. When I made them aware of their mistake they apologied but did not honor the price as shown. They just told me sorry we have not updated our materials. WRONG!
The first time the fish was fresh but the second time it tasted very fishy which good sushi should never taste fishy. I'm a big sushi-shasimi lover and know just about all other great Japanese restaurants in this city. And they don't even come close to be a match.
There are many great Japanese  restaurants in this city and this place just because they are off canal st think they can charge more then any other place and not have any customer service. I complained by writing an email but never heard back from them.
I will never order from there again. I rather drive a little to rock n sake or sushi brothers both awesome sushi restaurants with great customer service. 
I'm in the hospitality business and taking care of your guest is very important to me. I will not be recommending this place and will tell all my fellow industry friends about this very sad place! 
I don't see this restaurant staying in business too much longer. Too many great places to eat this city and most of them with Great customer service.Location! Clean! Staff was attentive!  The tuna was fresh and the flavors were great.  Not a table was empty for lunch on a Tuesday so it appears that management has a good sense of crowd expectations being that we had very good serivce.As luck would have it I was stuck late at work on Monday and had a coworker keeping me company. We decided we would treat our good work ethic to some sushi. Being in the CBD there's some sketchy sushi options but we decided to try a place we hadn't been before. Enter Geisha Sushi.
Warning to drivers: Parking is kind of a pain since you're so close to Canal & the quarter. If you don't find street parking the closest lot is $11! Yikes. Alas, we parked, we paid, we walked. 
We entered and were seated immediately. The server was quick and efficient and they get an extra star for the excellent service. Our server never once let our water glasses empty. High five for being attentive. I appreciate it.
What I appreciate MOST about Geisha is that even though they offer the typical fare (Rock 'n Roll, Metairie Roll, Crunch Roll, blah blah..) their special rolls were incredibly unique. We ordered the Hidden Dragon (smoked salmon & spicy tuna, mango) King Cake (coconut shrimp, sweetened cream cheese, tuna, eel sauce and sliced almonds) and the Rock 'n Roll (because I love it). The King Cake was out of this world! I will return specifically for this roll. I was unimpressed by the Hidden Dragon but the spicy tuna isn't my favorite anyway. My friends said they really enjoyed it! I loved the Rock 'n Roll and theirs isn't to be missed. Phenomenal execution!
I must say, I was impressed. Way to go, Geisha! I will definitely be a return diner. King Cake Roll. It's a MUST.I love sushi! It is one of my favorite foods. But when i came to New Orleans I never thought that i would find good sushi here. I was certainly wrong.  I came across this place through yelp, when looking for a new place to eat sushi. I am so glad i decided to come here.  
I went with a friend for a late lunch, and our experience was amazing. The only bad thing about this place is that if you drive here you will have a very hard time finding a place to park.  
The place is located right in front of the Doubletree, and is nice inside.  For appetizers we ordered the sweet shrimp which is delicious and a perfect crunchy start to a meal.  We then ordered a puff daddy roll, a hidden dragon, and a hello kitty roll.  These three rolls were perfect! The puff daddy roll is crunchy and a little spicy, topped with fried Crawfish! I couldn't get enough of it! The hidden dragon roll was a lot spicier but i love spicy food so it was perfect for me! And finally the hello kitty roll is filled with a mix of delicious seafood goodness! 
I wanted to order all of the special house rolls that the menu offered. Everything just sounded so good. I cant wait to come back here and try more rolls!I live downtown and had them deliver.  White Ninja Roll, Puff Daddy roll with no rice, and sashimi app.  A(aahhhhhhhh)MAZING !! Freshest sashimi ever. Delish ! Quick delivery too.