What can I say about Gene's Po-Boys it's a little bit ratchet, but damn if they don't make the best shrimp po boys. 
When I come back to New Orleans this is going to be one of my first stops!
The customer service here is poor and unfriendly at best, which is a shame because I'm sure many people are not a fan of having a side of attitude with their order. But damn it they do make some good ass po boys, and on that basis alone they deserve at least one visit.Don't take offense if the surly lady behind the register seems pissed that she has to give you the time of day, I think it is just her schtick. 
The hot sausage with cheese is good if you have a hankering for some greasy and bready goodness. It isn't the best poboy I've had in the city and it definitely isn't the worst. The fact that you get a free drink with purchase is cool, too. 
I've never had a problem in here during the day but I came in late at night once to use the ATM and they asked me if I was lost. Uhh, this is the corner of Elysian Fields and St. Claude, not Compton. Give me a break.I don't know what all the hype is about. They had 5 menu items,  two which were more like breakfast items.  I wanted a more authentic poboy, which they did not seem to have, so I opted to go for the "bayou burger" very specifically asking for no onions.  I got a very large sandwich, so there was that, but it was basically a couple of overcooked hamburger patties, COVERED in onions,  with ketchup,  mustard,  lettuce,  and a couple of slices of bacon.  Not only did they seem to put extra onions at the request of none,  which I checked and was even noted on the receipt,  but there was no sign of the signature "bayou sauce" that was supposed to make it worthwhile. Once I got done scraping the tiny bits of grilled onion off everything, it tasted only mediocre.  Again,  overcooked, dry patties and nothing much to set it apart.  It was like the McDonald's of poboy restaurants,  only there weren't even at least good fries.  Supposedly they have really late hours,  I imagine stumbling in here drunk in the middle of the night I might find it at least satisfying, but sober in the middle of the afternoon?  I was severely let down. 
Save it for a drunk night.This was excellent. Our lyft driver told us about this place. Get the hot sausage with the works. 14.03 dollars. So good. Share with your partner. Yummy.Great prices.  Total dive with only two tables.  Had hot sausage. Great PO-Boys. Service a bit slow. Recommended.Came here on a late night run. I had really wanted to try a daiquiri from here but they was closed by the time I got there so po boy it is. Don't expect glamour when come on here (dirty, no tables) and the menu itself is not big. I went with the the bayou burger po boy (pepper jack cheese, bayou sauce, bacon, etc). The sandwich is huge, the bread is good and crisp and the sandwich itself was excellent (also had fries which were good but you know your regular fries). I would come back here purely for the sandwich (bayou burger that is) and to try a daiquiri nothing else.The food was outstanding!  Fresh and delicious!  Portions are BIG!  The storefront is right out of central casting for "hole-in-the-wall-locals-only", but the food more than compensated for the ambiance!  Parking was okay since I came off hours.  The hot sausage and cheese is supposedly the hit and after trying it, I totally agree! If looking for the most amazing French bread, look no further!  Glad I trusted fellow Yelp!ers!!!All these good reviews for Gene's (and Melba's and countless other shitty sandwich counters) really make me wonder whether New Orleanians have any idea what sandwiches should be like.  Bring the flames, but seriously, there are great little sub shops around the country in unassuming spots that charge 1/2-2/3 these prices for legitimately delicious food.  And that's in more expensive and vastly more wealthy cities!  The bread is dry crap.  The sauces are pretty much just salt.  I don't even know what to say to those who praise the lump of bottom feeding "meat" they call a sausage.  The place is dirty and ugly--things I'd eagerly overlook for good, cheap food (which this is not), and this adds to the sense of depression I feel while waiting for my overpriced, disappointing sandwiches.  
So yeah, poor quality, not tasty, expensive, and bad for my heart.  Why am I here again?  The music is usually kickin', though, +24 hours (except Saturday night!!) so two stars, I guess?I was truly blessed the day I stumbled across this magical wonderland of roast beef and sausage. I am salivating at the thought of a genes poboy gracing my taste buds again. No, but in all seriousness, best poboy in Nola bar none.Wow!! This place is a hidden gem! It's not in the best part of town, and they only have 2 tables, but boy, the food is amazing!  I had the hot sausage with cheese poboy and my boyfriend had the fried shrimp poboy.  Both sandwiches were incredible.  The bread was soft and flaky.  The sausage in my sandwich was delicious and the cheese and mayo cut the heat in the sausage.  My boyfriend loved his shrimp sandwich.  There was a ton of shrimp on the sandwich and he said they were perfectly breaded and fried.  We also split an order of fries, which was wise as the sandwiches are huge! The price for the sandwich also includes a fountain drink. They now accept credit cards.  If you want a delicious poboy, where the locals go, then this is your place!The neighborhood was sketchy and I was worried about the food there. But the food was great. The hot sausage po-boy was really good, a little spicy. The roast beef one was messy but tasted so awesome! I wish they had more tables or bigger tables.Grabbed a Po-Boy at 3 am and was surprised that it was that good!  So I went again the following day...lol Yes it was that delicious!The best po boy in New Orleans :-)! Roast beef and hot sausage were fantastic and the service was spectacular.This place is a hole in the wall of New Orleans but it's definitely worth it. It's hard parking but it will be worth it! The hot sausage with cheese is a must try po boy! It is absolutely hot fresh and delicious! I'll definitely go back for sure, the place itself is not nice and clean nor pretty but the food gets the job done.Go here if you are interested in being obese and dining on low quality meat.  Save yourself the trip and go to Metairie Seafood.The food was outstanding!  Fresh and delicious!  Portions are BIG!  The storefront is right out of central casting for "hole-in-the-wall-locals-only", but the food more than compensated for the ambiance!  Parking was okay since I came off hours.  The hot sausage and cheese is supposedly the hit and after trying it, I totally agree! If looking for the most amazing French bread, look no further!  Glad I trusted fellow Yelp!ers!!!Weird pink building with messy poboys. Doesn't sound like a winning combo but it dang sure is one. The philly roast beef was a medley of delicious meat cheese and onion. And for added cool points there is a daiquiri shop right behind it. If you are in the neighborhood and don't stop here you are missing out buddy!The ambiance inside this place is nearly non-existent and doesn't encourage dining inside.  This place is generally very fast but it really isn't one of the better po boy joints in the city.  You do get a free drink with your po boy but they only have Pepsi products and no fresh brewed iced tea.  The roast beef po boy here is the sliced variety with no real gravy but it does have some green pepper and onion coating that gives it a bit better flavor than just plain sliced roast.  Unfortunately they also don't have creole mustard here.  If you're in a hurry or its late at night and want a mediocre po boy this place will work but there are far better places to go.  Its also cash only so be prepared.We where told about this place by a local friend. The sausage po-boy is really good! My date really enjoyed the roast beef. The portions where huge.AMAZING!!! You must get the signature Hot Sausage Po Boy!The bread is amazing,
I like to get the Hamburger Po-Boy only lettuce and pickles.
Food comes out fast and on point
Soda comes with meal built into set price. 
Prices are high but it's always openFabulous local find. Hot sausage was delicious but roast beef may have been even better. Remember it's cash only (though there is an ATM). It's clear this is a local favorite & for good reason.After a night of partying at a friend's hotel watching the super bowl with much drink but little food we ventured over to Gene's for a quick bite to eat. My friend ordered the philly beef and i ordered the burger. Well the philly beef was this big blob of a sandwich filled with deli sliced roast beef, can gravy and about a half a gallon of mayonnaise. My burger was not as bad as the philly beef. It was two real beef patties with diced grilled onions and real cheese all was great until like the philly beef they smothered it again in a half gallon of mayonnaise. If I ever am drunk enough to go to Gene's again I will certainly tell them to hold the mayo.I was a little disappointed in my po-boys. We got a sausage one and a shrimp one. The sausage was too salty, while the shrimp was pretty solid but not memorable.
What was memorable is the sign outside that's red on yellow on a pink wall that says "HOT SAUSAGE PO BOY" which is a great name for a stripper. Which is cool.Came here on a late night run. I had really wanted to try a daiquiri from here but they was closed by the time I got there so po boy it is. Don't expect glamour when come on here (dirty, no tables) and the menu itself is not big. I went with the the bayou burger po boy (pepper jack cheese, bayou sauce, bacon, etc). The sandwich is huge, the bread is good and crisp and the sandwich itself was excellent (also had fries which were good but you know your regular fries). I would come back here purely for the sandwich and to try a daiquiri nothing else.I'll admit that I was a bit taken aback when I found out that Gene's doesn't serve seafood po-boys. I thought that was a tradition, but I just shrugged my shoulders and ordered anyway. 
I came here on the recommendation of a NO native, who suggested that (despite my recollection of the 'best peaux-boy spots' in town) I knew nothing about the real version of the simple, yet delicious sandwich. I was even labeled a tourist, which I take offense to since I have family here, but whatever (smile). 
I ordered the hot sausage sans cheese, but topped off with sauteed onions, mayo, etc. It was pretty tasty. I didn't have an earth-shaking moment, but it was still good. The fact that they are open until 6 a.m. and have a daiquiri spot right next door does increase their popularity a bit. 
Note: I detest the word 'sketchy', and I saw nothing at Gene's that seemed questionable. Now, if fellow Yelpers are not used to being around people that don't look like them, that's fine. There's nothing to be afraid of - it's just po-boys.The restaurant had a bad smell inside and the customer service was not good at all. Old hateful women at the front counter that had no customer skills. Food was mediocre.When you are looking for something good to eat especially late at night, this is the place. You don't go there to dine in, you don't go there for shrimp po-boys, you go there for something to coat the stomach after a night on the town and not wake up with a hang-over. That is Gene'sSuch a disappointment!  I am from New Orleans and I've been eating Po-Boys all of my life and I will never go back to this place. The hot sausage/w cheese was $9.25, way too much.  As I unwrapped my over priced Po-Boy, I realized it was on a paper plate and then wrapped in paper which was dripping in grease.  The hot sausage was not Mr. Patton's Hot Sausage,  whatever brand that is used at Gene's is not tasty. I usually go to one of the many Cajun's seafood locations.  I only tried Gene's to see what all the hype was about and this spot makes the city look bad. So bad that I downloaded this yelp app and registered for an account immediately. If you want a good Po-Boy, go to Cajun's on 1.Claiborne at St. Bernard 2.Berhman HWy (Westbank- Algiers) 3.Ames Blvd (Westbank-Marrero).A great authentic NOLA experience. Well worth a 5-10 minute wait for "gravy". The woman behind the counter could tell we were from out of town so we asked her to recommend sandwiches for us - this was a great idea! Sandwiches are slightly pricey, but worth it for what you get. They also take credit cards now! Be sure to grab your sandwich and head next door for a daiquiri! I recommend a mix of jungle juice and blue Hawaiian.Greasy little joint without much ambiance and best suited to go. It's the type of place you wander into if you are drunk or on a budget or a drunken budget. I actually come in more for their ATM with the 99¢ fee then to eat. But if I do grab food it's because I need something greasy and fast. Sandwiches are large and come with a soft drink at an affordable price. It's not one of my favorite po boy places or even close for that matter but it serves a purpose. Wash it down with a daiquiri next door at doesn't hurt.I came 2x in a weekend for the hot sausage Po' big with cheese. Large serving size so no French fries are needed. My friends don't care as much for he roast beef sandwich, it's always busy and open 24/7 with interesting people- perhaps that's why they can't clean up front I mean really !!!Really good sandwiches open 24hr had the shrimp and roast beef P.O. boy you also get a drink with your sandwichHeartburn guaranteed but it's so worth it.
This year was my second time I went down to New Orleans, and when he asked me if there was any place I wanted to go this was first on my list. The value is so great. My only complaint is that I can't eat it right now.Saw this place by accident when heading to Frenchmen Street. 
There was a line of customers and parking was full.
We we're greeted by the cashier/ order taker.
We ordered Bayou Burger and Roast Beef Po Boy sandwiches. Both sandwiches were hot and good.
Cashier was friendly.
A place to visit when you're visiting Frenchmen Street.whats not to like..its a mom and pop hole in the way..with your cousins..all the food is good everytime I come to new orleans I stop here and get a boboy and a daiquiri in the back..This is THE BEST LATE NIGHT poboy shop... this is the stop where the locals go after a late night out.  The poboy & drink special are second to none.  The french bread is always frest & soft.  Nothing beats the hot sausage with cheese & or a dressed hamburger with cheese... the BESTEST!!!!!What you see is what you get. And that's absolutely fine here, because the food is that delicious.
We were staying at a nearby AirBnb and we decided to walk over to Gene's for some poboys for dinner to bring back to our AirBnb. Now the area is a little dodgy, and if you're a lady I'd suggest not venturing out alone at night. 
The interior is no frills and no fancy airs with the customer service. You get in line, you order your poboy and you pay and wait. Keep an ear out because they will call out your order number so you don't want to miss that. There was no area to really sit and eat there itself, but I believe I had read you can take the sandwich next door's to Illy's and eat there.
I got the shrimp poboy and it came with a soda. And saying that the poboy was huge is an understatement. Well over a footlong. Two people can easily share one sandwich (Although mileage may vary depending on how famished you are)
The shrimp was fried to perfection, and the sandwich was dressed with lettuce and mayo and a hint of hot sauce. The french bread was chewy inside and crusty on the outside. My friend got a philly steak sandwich with the extra gravy and that was delicious also.
Good news is that they do accept credit cards now, so no cash only worries.
For the price and portion, Gene's is a great poboy location. It feels like a place a lot of the locals go to, and a good place near Frenchmen street to get poboys.Not the best po-boys as a was suggested.  Place is small and seems a little bit dirty.  We waited and waited and waited for our shrimp po-boys and after seeing eveyone that walked after us getting their food we finally got ours.  It was dry for my taste and bread didn't feel fresh.Quintessential Nawlins Po Boy Experience!  Don't miss it.  Some of the best around.Had the spicy sausage po boy with American cheese. Perfection. The ambiance isn't much to look at. But the folks are friendly and the food is good. What more do you need?The hot sausage and cheese poboy is off the chain - especially for a late night fix. Really good for absorbing alcohol! We were on French St. and need something to eat so we ran over to Gene's and got sandwiches for the group. Everyone was grubbing! There were a couple left (we bought a lot!) so we brought those home the next day and my son's gobbled them up. Will go there every time I am in NOLA!!!This place is a little off the beaten path from the usual tourist areas of New Orleans. But it's a nice, straight, 15-20 min walk from the bustle of Bourbon Street and well worth the trip. It seems to be a usual spot amongst locals and the area is more residential but the staff is friendly and accommodating nonetheless. I got the shrimp po boy and it was honestly one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. The shrimp was hot and fresh and was packed with flavor. The sandwich itself is pretty big but will fill you up. Plus you get a free soda with a sandwich. There's very limited seating so if it's crowded it's best to take your food on the go but we were there on a slow Tuesday afternoon so we were able to grab a table inside. All in all, it's totally worth a visit if you're in New Orleans.My husbands loved the catfish po boy, huge catfish!  Hot and fresh.  I loved the sausage po boy, no cheese, the decor is very raw if you k ow what I mean,  it the cleanest joint but they know how to make po boys.I was referred to Genes by co-workers who were from New Orleans and i was not disappointed. I had the Philly Po'Boy and my boyfriend had 1/2 hot sausage and 1/2 hamburger po-boy, both were excellent. The were gone in minutes. We ended up going back t he next day. That was saying alot since we were only in NOLA for 3 days! We have come to find out that Po-Boy Sandwiches are similar to the grinders we get in CT.Great dronk food! If you're partying in 7th Ward or Frenchmen just swing on over. Their fruit punch is the best!Gene's is that rare combination of divey feel with outstanding menu offerings. My wife and I came here for lunch after church last weekend. Unfortunately none of the menu items appealed to her (weird pregnancy stuff), but the roast beef po-boy, called the D'Phillis, looked appetizing. It was gratifying that they took credit cards, and turned the order out in 3-4 minutes. It was outstanding, probably the best po-boy I've had while living here, certainly up there with places like Parkway. Definitely not for the faint of heart, as it gets a little messy. The one drawback is the lack of seating, but that shouldn't take anything away from what those folks are doing back there in that kitchen. I just hope that all of the construction at that intersection doesn't affect this place's business.Call this place ILLY!!! 
The food was so good at Gene's. I had a catfish Po-Boy that was bigger then my forearm! The catfish was tender and juicy. I think the best part of this Po-Boy was the fresh French bread the sandwich was on. The entire sandwich was delicious from beginning to end. I went to 3 different Po-Boy spots while I was in New Orleans last week and this was hands down the best.
Please do not second guess this restaurant! You'll be playing yourself.Soooo funkadelicious!!! In a damp lit, small windowed place, the cloud shook, the heavens opened up, the Angels harked, and beethoven's 6th filled the chamber as I bit into a sausage po boy. The rest is history.Twice in one day.  Need I say more?   Hot Sausage the first time and Cheese Burger the second time.  Both incredibly delicious.  Service is very friendly.  We hope to make this a stop every time we come to town.The Phillis is enough to feed two on its own. Comes with a drink in the $10.95 price tag. Staff is welcoming and the place is always busy so you know it's good.5 stars?...Well I rate by the "It Is what it is" rule...and if you go to Gene's because it is what it is, you'll be getting genuine 5 star fulfillment.
One of the more minor post Katrina tragedies was the closing of Verti Martes overnight shift.  When I worked there a million years ago, they didn't even have a lock on the door (the day of the French Quarter bloackout, they left a semi-crazy cook in with a hatchet to deter the non-existent looters...but I digress).  the lack of late night Verti Marte could crush a drunk Po' boy lovers soul...but there still is Genes.
Genes is big and pink and filled with New Orleans, its another place not for the faint of heart...at 3 AM you'll be waiting with gangsters, musicians, surly cops and professional drunks of all shapes...but, yeah, they do all know something.  If you rate a Po boy by how greasy it is...how easily the roast beef tries to slither out of the bread with every bite, Genes is the place.  Crunchy french bread meets an incredible goopy mayo cheese lube that has the meat sliding all over the place...and at 3 AM, if you can keep it together or not, there is no better taste in town.
Roast beef Philly is my choice, but they also have a great hot sausage, and video poker to boot...obviously you are feeling lucky; you stopped here, didn't you? 
If thats not enough, the next building over is Gene's daiquiri stand.  Worth the short walk from the Quarter any hot afternoon.  There's more booze in a large Genes daiquiri then in 5 on bourbon street; and that is before you pay the extra buck for an additional shot of some 190 proof firewater in there.  With all the sugar It's like slurpy and crack cocktail, but without having to sell your mommas TV.  Visitors to New Orleans, get out of the Quarter and into Gene's and your a step closer to understanding the town.Yes. The woman at the counter could be the 8th dwarf.... "SURLY". But the hot sausage po-boy is nothing short of A-MAZING. Definitely worth the attitude. But I wouldn't go there after dark.I just so happen to livea short bike ride from the pepto-pink beacon of po'boy greatness, Gene's Po'boys, located at St. Claude and Elysian Fields.
Out of all of the po'boy spots in all of New Orleans, this one is my favorite.  It's open 24 hours, it's so close to me, and it is that dirty little food secret that is sooo bad and sooo good all at once.  I already know that their roast beef po'boy with cheese is something that I will crave no matter where I am in the world for my entire life, and have craved the last couple of years while I was away .  For me, it's a toss up between the hot sausage and the roast beef po'boy, but I have to say I think the roast beef wins for me.  Steaming hot roast beef, gravy, gooey American cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mayo, on fresh french bread, mmmmm...makes my tummy happy and hungry just thinking about it.  And it is huge, I can never make it much further than half-way through the sandwich, and it is always great later.
Gene's only has something like 5 or 6 sandwiches on their menu, a couple breakfast ones (I'm not really sure, I stick the roast beef or sausage), the hot sausage, the roast beef, and hot ham and cheese.  That is it.  No sides, no bullshit, just a po'boy and a free soda.
The location is considered by some to be a 'bad' part of town, I guess thats relative, go in like you know what you are doing, you already have all the menu items to choose from above.  I literally only go at night, for some reason Gene's isn't the same in the sunlight, a couple beers in your belly doesn't hurt either.  They are cash only, and our favorite daiquiri spot is right around the corner on Elysian Fields--and they are owned by the same guy.
Keep it local.
I know what I'm eating for dinner....Gene's is weLl know for their sandwiches and this day they did not disappoint. I had my mind set on coming here from the time I woke up this morning. 
I had a few things to take care of earlier in the day and once I was finished I made a beeline here. I arrived earlier durIng the day so I did not have any parking problems. I parked in their lot behind their location. In fact I was the only car there. 
When I walked in I placed my order and handed them by debit card to pay and that's when they told me that they only accept cash, but they have an ATM on site for only .99 charge . 
I had a ham and cheese dressed on French that had loads of meat and came with a drink included in the price. They have a variety of items to order including: hot sausage, burgers, roast beef... I would encourage you if you are in the area to stop in and try them out.Seems some kind of issue here.  Several restaurants and they should all connect.  Instead one does fried.  One does burgers.  One does daquiris.  Even the attitudes seemed taxed at genes.  At ILYS...  Super friendly.  Especially stephanie.  Shrimp Po boy to go.   Nice clean at ILYS. Genes kinda dirty.  All same owner.  Seems like some serious issues regarding chastising customers for issues of who can serve what.   Used to go in genes for all of it.    Been a customer here for long time.  This recent change is like miscommunication with your clientele.   It should all be one.   Cheers $ tipped these girls for the service and smiled....We got the shrimp & oyster po'boys. The shrimp was good enough but certainly not what we'd qualify as good. The oyster po'boy was not well seasoned. There were actually no flavors that stood out, leaving us greatly disappointed.A genuine greasy spoon with a surly clerk taking your order and lots of interesting local color strolling in and out.  Recommend maybe not coming in after dark like we did, but that was part of the experience.  Food (maybe 5 choices of Po-boys) get 5 stars, price gets 5 stars + the free drink...bread is also OUTSTANDING.  The hot sausage was dynamite.  Only two tables, cash only and sketchy neigborhood limit the stars, but what are we here for?  The Po-Boys of coursse.  Recommend a cab ride if it's late; but the upside is just a few short block walk afterward to Frenchmen's Street and some great jazz.Such great food for the price and what it looks like! This is a super casual, walk up and order, type place but the food is amazing! Our Lyft driver recommended the cheeseburger po boy and it was so good!! Definitely would recommendAnother local spot. Late night you were out at the club you have the munchies possibly from legal in some states activities Lml stop here order the roast beef cheese steak with Swiss cheese. Take the cup they give u get a fountain drink U going be waiting a while but when u get it cheese, beef,bread a better marriage then a Mormon!I'm afraid I don't share the same sentiment as a lot of the previous reviewers.  I went one late night over Super Bowl weekend because almost everything else was closed.  Maybe it was just the sandwich I ordered (roast beef po boy)  or maybe it was a bad weekend to be there  - but that was one of the worst sandwiches I'd ever had.  It had a ton a mayo oozing out of the sides; soggy lettuce and flavorless tough meat.  It was just not what I was expecting since prior to that I hadn't had a bad meal in NOLA before; especially a po boy.  Sorry; Gene's is not for me.A down and dirty greasy spoon complete with crackheads, rough clerks and video poker. If you worked here you'd be rough too. 
Come to Gene's if you are brave and hungry. They have a small menu of poboys and breakfast items. I believe breakfast stops at 10am. Free cold drinks with poboy purchases too! 
My guy always gets the sausage patty poboy which is nice and greasy. 
You want to see the non-touristy side of NOLA? Come to Gene's.Amazing local poboy joint. About five things on the menu but they're all superb. Everything's served on French bread so try the burger too! Great for breakfast! Also includes free drinks with any order. Reasonably priced but not much seating inside-- take out may be better.Delicious local joint! Get the hot sausage & cheese! Yummy!Rough exterior, but the food definitely makes up for it! I had the shrimp po-boy, the shrimp was cooked perfectly, and there was just enough lettuce/mayo/pickle to balance it out. I hate mayonnaise, and I didn't even mind having it, it was THAT good!Far from fancy but it is good stuff. IMO, this is one of the best hot sausage po-boys you will have (especially late at 4am). 
When I visit home, this is always on my list of places to eat. The best!!The shrimp po boy was amazing. The hot sausage was just alright, but I'd still recommend this place for the shrimp alone.Get your official po-boy here! Had to go deep in the hood to find it but it was worth it! Get the burger po-boy!!Next time you're visiting New Orleans, venture out from the touristy area by Bourbon street and your hotel to Gene's in the hood of the city for the best po boys in town!!  We had the roast beef po boy which was extremely messy with dripping cheese on both sides but still absolutely delicious!!  If Beyoncé makes special trips to eat in this tiny hole in the wall with only two tables to get her po boy on, I had to find out how good it really was and Gene's did not disappoint....highly recommend!!Ate here twice on my trip and had the roast beef d'phillis both times. First visit was amazing. The reason for four stars is the lack of consistency during my second visit. Not bad but definitely not the same. May have been because it was very busy during my second visit. Either way, 2nd po-boy was nothing special.Pissed off.gave me cheese and I didn't order cheese.i used waitr. Should of know it was trash when the cashier asked me did I want my drink I paid for..like yea I want it..never going back horrible food today and service..would love manager to call me this was pathetic..5042241462 JeremyMust have when in New Orleans. The best po boy around. Be sure to have the cheeseburger or bayou burger especially.This place was highly recommended by a local friend. And by highly recommended, I mean, enthusiasm coupled with sparkling eyes and a really painful slap on my shoulder (I had a bruise the day after!). That enthusiasm for anything gets me equally enthused so of course we simply had to go!
The good thing about Gene's is that they are open 24 hours, so I imagine they are a godsend after a long night of partying and/or drinking. Also, it feels very much a neighborhood joint so you don't have to deal with "those tacky tourists" much. 
Now, I don't eat red meat so that makes Gene's menu very, very limited for me.  Everybody raves about the hot sausage (beef, said the guy in the counter) poboy, but I could only have the ham and cheese poboy (I know! I know! Who in their right mind does that? Well I was hungry at 3 in the morning!). Well it is nothing special, I can assure you. However, the bread is really very good. I kept imagining how good a poboy would it have been had I been able to choose shrimp or oysters instead (no seafood poboys at Gene's).
But what made me rate this establishment from "Meh" to "A-OK" is the experience. First off, the guy behind the counter was really very pleasant and kept chatting with us. He even gave me advice on how I can speed and not get a ticket ("Just bawl your eyes out, baby!").  There were a few Belgians who came in while we were waiting who looked frankly bewildered that the place their concierge raved about was *this* place and looked suspicious of the clientele. Not that I could blame them -- a number of drunks were at Gene's. In the space of 20-25 minutes, overall rambunctiousness (paired with conversations ranging from freaking hilarious to quite philosophical to nearly violent outbursts) ruled the place. It was an interesting way to end the evening.
So go for the experience, if not for the poboy.My co-worker praised this place up and down saying this was the best po-boy shop in NOLA. I had not yet had one of those famous NO roast beef po- boys yet and he said they had them. This certainly wasn't the case. Don't get me wrong this po - boy was good but not what I was looking for. It's not a messy slow cooked roast beef it's a normal sliced roast beef with gravy on it. They do have that great NO French bread thou.Got the shrimp po'boy it tasted GREAT! Tons of shrimp and flavor! And the sandwich is huge, could feed 2 people! Highly recommend!Upon entering, we were greeted immediately by the cashier! She was super friendly, her name was... Lekeisha I think. Anyways, we looked at the menu and we were so torn on what to get. She offered us some great suggestions and we ended up getting their famous roast beef poboy and the sausage poboy. OMG, the roast beef poboy was delicious! It was so juicy and they packed it with cheese. I love cheese! The bread on the sausage poboy was cooked to perfection. It was soft.. yet lightly crisped. I don't know how they did that. The other thing about the sausage poboy is that it gets tiring to eat because it isn't as soft or juicy. It gets kind of dry after awhile. I could barely finish the poboy because they were HUGE!! This is more of a place for locals. Not much of a dine in experience, but worth to try if you're in the area!Gene's is the bomb!!! Can't miss it either, it's bright pink with flashing lights! White people... be not afraid. :)Hot sausage poboy was worth the trip to Marigny. Also worth the wait inside the restaurant.It's a long wait! But that could be due to Mardi Gras weekend but it's well worth it. The bread is crispy, the po-boy is one of the best in New Orleans. I live here and have tasted many but this is the first place I recommend. They also give you a free drink with your purchase.The best rice and beans!! the Catfish was so freaking good! It is a wait but you will be SO glad you waited and you will not be alone!Stopped in to gene's after looking at the yelp reviews and it looks kind of like a hole in the wall place which is my favorite to visit because they usually have the best food but this was subpar at best nothing extremely horrible but nothing great either cashier was prompt helpful and nice though.What can I say about this place??? I was lucky enough my first time going to New Orleans to be taken around by one of my dear friends that's a native. We got the D Philli, a roast beef po boy.....MAN!!! This is probably the best damn, messiest, sandwich I've ever eaten!! The best $12 I ever spent the sandwich is HUGE definitely a footlong and only comes in one size... if you want a good po boy, YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE!!! It's nothing fancy or extravagant at all, it's a little hole in the wall peddling the best, messiest, bread just crispy enough, tender juicy sandwich ever!!! Oh and it's 24 hours!!!!I've been frequenting this place and it's sister outlet, Ily's Bistro (basically all in one location) because it's right around the corner from where I live, and the food is decent and portions are generous, and it's definitely a slice of New Orleans life, very diverse.  Just be aware that it's, in my opinion, a tad on the topsy-turvy side - I never know what to expect here, and the answers to my questions, and prices, are often confusing.  
For example, today I stopped by for lunch to do the Daily Special, which I've had before.  It's clearly printed on the sign on the outside wall, along the street.  Today is Thursday, and was supposed to be "Stewed Chicken".  I walk up to the counter and the cashier asks me what I'd like, and I say, "The Special".  She looks surprised and says, "We don't have any Special!"   I say, "What about the sign out there advertising your Special?".  She replies, "No, we don't do Specials."
She says, "We do have Red Beans and White Beans."  I ask, "You mean like, Red Beans and Rice?"  She tells me, "Yeah, and you choose chicken, sausage, shrimp, roast beef, or spicy sausage".  I ask her if those items are priced differently, and then point to the menu on the counter and ask, "Where on here does it list the different prices?"  She looks at it, and can't find any mention of Red Beans and Rice, so she goes to find a menu that has it, and comes back and hands it to me.  The menu states:  "Red Beans and Rice - chicken or hot sausage - $11".  (No mention of shrimp or any of the other things mentioned by the clerk.)
So I order the Red Beans and Rice with hot sausage.  It turns out she has to consult with both the cook behind her, and with the cook next door in Ily's.  OK, fine, that's what I'm ordering.  The charge is $11.02.  I pay her, get my receipt and sit down to wait for the food, which comes in about 5-10 minutes.  
The food arrives in the usual styrofoam container with plastic cutlery.  I open it up and find a sausage patty, sitting next to a large amount of rice and beans mixed with an equally large amount of 2 types of sausage!  I think to myself, what the hey?  If sausage is part of the basic ingredients of the dish, why did I order MORE SAUSAGE?  I would have ordered maybe chicken, but what I really would have liked would have been shrimp, but it's not listed in the choices in the menu.  BTW, the receipt that came with the food listed the main item as Red Beans & Rice - $9, add chicken or sausage patty for $1.50 extra . . . . OK, the clerk did mention, so I should have asked for it, but the whole process from beginning to end was so confusing, that I just went with what the choices were listed on the menu.  I'm just sayin' . . . . I like Gene's and Ily's, but be prepared to just go with the flow, or this place will drive you crazy.
UPDATE 05/15 - I went for my favorite 'breakfast biscuit' at about 10:15am, ordered it from the cashier, and she says, "Oh, breakfast is over at 10 . . . " Really?, I think . . . I look at the menu to say what else I might want, and I see clearly printed on it, "BREAKFAST SERVED UNTIL 11am" . . . . so I tell her, that's OK, I'll come by another time, and I move on to Walgreen's across the street, to buy some groceries there, and take them home to make my breakfast.  Gene, Gene, Gene . . . . always a mystery . . .I was here for a late night shrimp poboy, and the guy in front of me talked me into getting two different ones as well; a cheeseburger poboy and a French fry poboy.   All were worthy of great praise! Tread carefully after midnight! Cash only!Tasty sandwiches and a really funny staff at both this location and the bistro next door owned by the same family. We all had different Po Boys and bought chicken strips next door for my 5 year old. Great stop for a quick eat and I highly recommend the half and half!Best shrimp po boy! My boyfriend and I came here in hopes to getting a really good po boy. Needless to say we succeeded! We added cheese on ours. We ordered fries but we shouldn't have the sandwiches are huge! Definitely recommend this place. I wouldn't come here with a big group nor expect to sit and eat here. There's only one table and if you're not lucky enough to get it you would either sit on the bench by the door or have to take it to go.Hot sausage Poboy ! Yummy in my tummy. Everything on the sandwich was delicious. I also tried the catfish Poboy which has a heavenly amount of fish. I am only worried that I will never find the type of bread they use anywhere back in Los Angeles . I need that Bread in my life !!!!Hot, hot, hot!!
Gene's Hot Sausage and Cheese Po-Boy is the star here!
Located off of Elysian Fields Ave this, hard to miss, pink building with yellow signs and red writing is open 24 hours except for Sunday. 
PROS:
--- Looking for something to spice up your life? Er, well, mouth in this case then you must try the Hot Sausage and Cheese Po-Boy. White bread, sprinkled lettuce, generous mayo, American yellow cheese, and of course, their spicy seasoned sausage. They also offer it with egg. Also, you get a free drink with your Po-Boy. 
--- They also sell daiquiris right next door! So cool down that spicy Po-Boy with a yummy alcoholic drink that has a kick of it's own. 
CONS:
--- CASH ONLY!! I repeat, cash. only. They do have an ATM inside that charges 99 cents. 
--- It seems to always be packed! So be prepared to wait.
--- Parking is not always the easiest to come by - drive around the corner and you'll have better luck.This place is tiny but the sandwiches are huge for the money. We had the shrimp P.O. boy and catch fish. The catfish was good but the shrimp was a little dry. Fries were well seasoned and hot and you get free drinks with every order and unlimited refills. We used the new automated machine because you get $1 off each sandwich but the lady came out and double checked our order because the machine is confusing and she said it messes up people's orders a lot which I appreciated the extra step in customer service. There were literally 2 tables so don't expect to eat here if it gets crowded and the place looked pretty dingy but sometimes that's the best. You can definitely tell that locals came here. We got there at 2pm so definitely not the late night drunk crowd and it was full of non tourists. I would come here again.Not the best po boy in Nola, but an iconic building that offers good late night eats and memories. Hot sausage and cheese po boy all the way here.groooooooooos!!!!! the area gives me the creeps at night. every customer is drunk. the food is nasty. panhandlers are out full in effect and the food is not the same. clean the areaDude. I am and have been CRAVING another Po' Boy from here! On October 30th, 2015 we flew in to New Orleans for our Honeymoon, our cruise ship was leaving from the good ole' Mississippi! The day we flew in, we partied it up for Halloween until 2am. Called our Uber driver afterwards and begged him to bring us somewhere to eat. He didn't disappoint!!! Seriously. The. Best. Food. Ive. Eaten! Not just because we were drunk, we brought one home to eat for breakfast and it was still DELICIOUS. Although, it would be a bit of a fright going into the hood by myself, our Uber driver told me he would escort me in and help me with the food! Don't be deceived by the "hole in the wall" atmosphere or you will miss out on something amazing! I HIGHLY recommend eating here at least a few times while visiting ;) The people were nice, food came out FAST and it was literally giving me mouthgasms!! lol.....Seriously, plz eat here!! P.S we each got the Roast Beef Po' Boy and it was mouthwatering!!!I was excited to try genes as I had heard of this place on tv. The food was good. Borderline very good. But the fact that we shared a filthy dirty dining room with two obvious IV Drug addicts , the place smelled like a bus station bathroom on taco day at the homeless shelter, and three sandwiches cost almost 35 bucks added up to a very bad experience. I say avoid this dump especially if you haven't had all your shots.Only good thing I've had there is the hot sausage, and it's best when drunk, which means much of its flavor comes from being heavy and greasy. There's a better cheap (half the price of this one, actually) hot sausage po'boy a few blocks away, at Hank Seafood, which is also open 24 hours.
Also, Gene's commits what I would call a heinous crime, which Hank actually does too, their roast beef po'boy is not debris, or chunky--it's simply slices of roast beef. They throw a little gravy on top, as if that's making up for anything. But Hank, while doing the same thing, at least makes at least two other delicious po'boys, including the shrimp which they fry to order. I'm guessing from that long list that Hank makes more than two more delicious po'boys, but I love those two and am afraid to venture far since they commit such an egregious roast beef error. Anyway.
To add to the reasons not to go to Gene's, there's Verti Marte nearby, which is better in every way. I have had only delicious po'boys from Verti Marte, and they don't even use Leidenheimer's bread. It's a hard thing to make a great po'boy without Leidenheimer's.
Oh, except maybe late night, if you want a scene. Late at night it's a scene, man. Guns in the belts of sagging pants, neighborhood drunks and their antics, etc.no time to write my usually detailed review, so i'll hit the highlights:
- cash only. there is an ATM though.
- menu is very well edited, prepared fresh and hot, and service is relatively quick.
- location is ideal for walkers and taxi/bus riders; corner of elysian fields and saint claude. less optimal for cars, parking is questionable.
- portions are huge, prices are extremely low, and everything is bursting with flavor.
- two to three people can easily share one full sandwich. it was unclear to me if half portions are available. 
if you're about to begin (or in the middle of) a few hours of hard work, Gene's is an excellent choice for a refueling stop. my wife and I both highly recommend the roast beef po-boy. at $9 for a foot of overstuffed sandwich, it's pretty amazing. 
for those seeking that secret "authentic" New Orleans fare, Gene's is about a "real" a po-boy as you're going to get. this is New Orleans as New Orleanians see it. not touristy at all (or anywhere near tourist attractions for that matter), but a great "find" for locals and the adventurous. walk softly, bring cash, smile, soak up a bit of "true" New Orleans, and expect a good meal.I had the half burger half sausage poboy.  only have this if ur not on a diet it is greazy and delicious. :)People who are saying this is the best po-boy they've ever had, clearly haven't had very many. They also just raised their prices (probably for festival season) which, for the quality, just means this place isnt worth going to. headed down to Verti Marte instead which is also open 24/7!This place would get a 5 star rating if I felt a little safer in there.  Usually I go after 2am so it is most likley my fault.  Nonetheless, The food is so good that I risk my life to visit this place as often as I can.Worst experience! The girl working in the front with big burgundy braids needs to be talked to regarding her customer service skills, cause she has none at all...  Manager stood right there while she spoke to a customer they way she did... She's a uneducated individual that needs to go back to the basics of customer service... Food good, but do to that whole situation will never go back!Local color is not even the right phrase to describe the people and their shenanigans that stroll in and out of Gene's while you wait for your food. 
While the cashier clad in her "R.I.P. Random Homeboy, They had to pop him to stop him" tshirt took my order, I looked to my left and saw squad cars jump the curb and make a drug bust that would have made COPS proud! 
None of this seemed to faze the homeless man asleep on the corner.
But oh, yes, the po-boys! Delicious indeed! And if you are a card carrying member of a ghetto pass you won't mind venturing to the hood for a hot-sausage po-boy and a daiquiri.The food is amazing! You must be prepared for a large tasty portion. The restaurant is very small so it's not recommended for large groups but please don't let that reflect the service. I tried the shrimp poboy and I wasn't disappointed.U already know Gene's poboys come with a drink!  Pink Poboy Spot on the Corner of St Claude and Elysian Fields is how I recommended it to people before learning its name.  
Really sloppy, gravy and mayo spiced poboys with tons of meat.  They take a minimalist approach to the nominal veggies on the sandwich: finger-tip pinch of shredded lettuce and thin as a quarter sliced tomatoes.  The daiquiri spot next door is also wonderful, with a little cd player blaring bounce music as you walk in.  
May I also suggest a youtube vid capturing the late night scene?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiA60sk5LRE&feature=player_embeddedGet the delicious roast beef po-boy dressed add Swiss cheese. You won't regret it!Not the fanciest establishment, but man, are the po boys good! Free drink with refills as well! The place could be a little bit more cleaner looking, though. Also, more tables are needed!Coming to Genes is always a must when visiting my favorite city. From their giant sized sandwiches to their friendly service! The D'phillis will never let you down, be it a little messy but well worth every bite!So, we walked in because every Uber driver in town said it's the best po boy in town. The first impression is unimpressive. And that's an understatement. The place was empty. No tables. No chairs. One tiny narrow bench. We asked for their favorites and ordered it: their home PYou Burger and the fish PO-Boys.
Damn it was good! Both were amazing! They meats and the sauces are brilliant. The bread is fresh.
Tip; everybody says that you need to order the sausage PO-Boy. I didn't, because it's extra spicy. But, if that's your thing, give it a try!
Tip: take out.THE BEST CHEESEBURGER POBOY ON THE PLANET! Ok, I got that off my chest! The sandwiches are huge, reasonably priced and come with a free drink! The place is slice of NOLA perfection! 
PS.... While waiting on your cheeseburger head next door to Gene's Daiquiri Shop for the BEST daiquiri in NOLA!Everytime I visit home this is the first spot I hit up for my hot sausage poboy!Great spicy sausage po' boy that comes with a drink.  I added an order of fries - a mountain of fries!   Great place to visit for authentic po' boys.I'm in between the lovers and the haters on Gene's.  The hot sausage is as good as everyone says, and the rolls they use are perfect.  The mister had the roast beef, which was good but not as good as the hot sausage.  The meat is a little strange (Steak-Umms, maybe? OK, not Steak-Umms, but not far from it). But if you throw anything on the grill and then slather it with mayo it's still gonna be pretty good.  Order the roast beef without the gravy.  The gravy is mass-produced canned industrial toxic glop.
Service isn't the friendliest but they keep the line moving.  (Grumpy and efficient is better than happy and useless.)
Pepsi products, but no Mountain Dew?   Hey Gene's, why no Mountain Dew?
A lot of people hate that it's cash only.  (But what's the big deal?  We always have a few bucks with us just in case.  Get some fucking cash.)  But there's a cheap ATM in there anyway.
Finally, the place is fucking filthy.  But it's worth the risk for that hot sausage po boy....Legit! Stopped in here after having really terrible service at Cafe Rose Nicaud and leaving there without eating. We were at Genes early in the morning and the crew was still setting the restaurant up, but the woman behind the counter was friendly and invited us in to order. We had the sausage and cheese po boy - incredible. Flaky bread, sausage and the right mix of cheese and sauces. Definitely a diamond in the rough.* flavor is definitely there, but pickles+ tomato would have been a welcome break from the intense heat of the sausage
* WOW factor is there for the shabby 'local' vibe and pepto-bismol pink building sitting on the corner that let you know this place is not tailoring to the tourists or "foodie" undergrads
* 1 sandwich would be a satisfying lunch for 2 people; if you're okay sharing a drink, $13/2= comparable with any fast food value meal
* No issues with the service, staff 
() I wasn't thrilled with the facilities- the saving grace was the Walgreen's across the street; go there for parking and bathrooms. Or, just take the street car (and cross your legs)Ok this place is special. It might be too hood for some people. They are famous for their Po'Boys, BUT ONLY the hot sausage. It's delicious, spicy and is better with cheese. Don't go there for a shrimp, roast beef or anything else. You'll get your feelings hurt. They don't have fries and it's only Pepsi products. You have been warned. LolGood po'boy. A sandwich is 12 inches so be willing to share that along with the fries.. good place!This was our go to po-boy place during our NOLA trip! Located right by our bed and breakfast and open 24 x 7. Perfect for those late night drunchies! My favorite was the hot sausage cheese P.O. boy. So delicious! Every order also comes up a free drink. There's also a little room closed off in the back for gambling. A few poker machines.the best po boy's in town my favorite is roast beef with gravy yuuuummmWe ate here twice on our most recent trip to New Orleans.  We had the spicy sausage po boy and the shrimp po boy - both were amazing.  There are only a couple of tables so you might not be able to get a seat.  Also make sure to go next door to their frozen daiquiri shop!!Best late night po-boy shop. Only have hot sausage, ham/cheeseburger, philly cheese steak && ham & cheese, but the BREAD is the BEST... & the free fountain drink is good too.Pretty good, the bread is very light and airy. I had the hot sausage poboy. Very large portion size. A good value for the price. Will come again to try other sandwiches.So many reasons for me to like this place: it was extremely close to my Air BnB, cheap eats, open 24 hours, and my introduction to po boys. It looks a little rough on the inside and outside, but the food is the real deal. This reminded me of a classic Chicago hot dog+burger stand the way it was set up, just New Orleans styled. Definitely good pregame and postgame food.
Kind of sucked that there were no seats in the spots, nor were there any tables to stand at. Also, the little gambling machine struck me as kind of odd (but then again, gambling is illegal in Chicago, so...). Very quick pace eatery; you grab your food and go. Simple and delicious, a powerful combination indeed.Breakfast poboy rocks split one with your friend because 2 is just crazy! Shady but up and coming neighborhood.Gene's has always been a friend to me in my time of need. And for that, I am thankful. For many years this place has fed the clubbers, drunkards, stragglers, overnight workers and everyone else too. It is a go to late night sandwich spot for several reasons. It is open 24/7, located a few minutes from 610, and is a short drive from the city's nightlife.  It is also near a public transportation line and across the street from a MegaBus stop. Clearly convenient to folks from all walks of life. 
Can you dine in? Uh, something like that. You can but you may be better served eating elsewhere. It is a baby step above grabbing a curbside seat after getting a meal from the guy selling food from the back of his pick up truck or a traditional food truck. Put plainly, GPB place gets plenty of foot traffic which lends to plenty of foot markings AND I am willing to bet the table area is probably not cleaned throughout the day. But, eh, if you are tipsy or tired and hungry and want to sit and eat a traditional po-boy after a late arrival or late night out, pop a squat and enjoy the scenery. 
So you ask, what do I typically order from GPB? A half and half. Half hot sausage/half cheeseburger po-boy.  When I am living young, wild and free, I add roast beef gravy to it which gross and tasty at the same DA_N time! 
While I visit here less these days, it is a staple for a quick late night grab. 
Other things worth noting:
- credit cards are now accepted 
- they now offer draft beer in Solo cups ("to go cups")
- From 6a-10a, you can add eggs to any sandwich 
- all sandwich prices include a free fountain beverage 
- this place does not offer seafood or veggie options. 
- there's a daiquiris shop next door
- it's located at a pretty busy intersection in front of a bus stop. Expect to encounter pan handlers.Not what you expect from a famous new Orleans po boy shop.. maybe because it was in the wee hours of the morning.So yes, this place is pretty ghetto, and yes, it was kinda slow for being basically fast food, and yes, the prices no longer entirely reflect the not-particularly-savory atmosphere of either the establishment or its immediate surroundings... but the quality was apparent, so I'm happy to give them a pass - and it *is* still a bargain price, even if it was, apparently, cheaper previously. We split a catfish po-boy and a shrimp po-boy, and both were quite fresh and all around delicious - as well as enormous. Both are highly recommended - but take it to go. If you're looking for a classy place to hang out and get food, go somewhere else - but if you're looking for a (relatively) affordable place to get super legit po-boys, this might just be your place. It was certainly ours.Open 24/7. Every po-boy comes with a free drink. They have video poker. What else could you want? Oh yeah right... Delicious Po-boys. I think I ate here at least 5 times during my 5 day trip to Mardi Gras. I lived right next to the joint and never got tired of it. I would recommend getting the hot sausage with cheese po-boy, but you really can't go wrong with most orders. One thing to note is that the food does take a while to come out.A-Mazing!  And cheap!!!
Come here any time of day or night - I think we were here twice in one night (10pm dinner and 5am snack/ breakfast/ I don't know what it was)
I think the burger po boy was a good choice mmmmmYou jus gotta love this hood shit fa real!!!!!!  LateNightsEarlyMorningsTerrible ambiance, dirty floors, surly staff and greasy sandwiches slathered in mayonnaise. Gene's Po-Boys is a NOLA classic. If you find yourself stumbling drunk through the Marigny at 3:00AM and the only thing that will solve your problems is a hot sausage and cheese po-boy with orange grease that shoots out the end of the sandwich when you bite into it, this is your place. Dirt cheap, sketchy and proud of it.You CANNOT go wrong with their spicy sausage po'boy. It won't bring a lot of heat (...that can be cured with some hot sauce) but it will deliver one of the best sausage po'boys in the city. Get it dressed because this is one of the only spots that can keep the mayo from trying to take center stage. It's just the right balance. 
Keep it  up Gene's!
Also make room for a daiquiri next door.I think I'm the only one in New Orleans who finds this place to just be okay. I would always get the roast beef or hot sausage poboys. But, oh boy, one time I made the mistake of getting it dressed and mayonnaise was everywhere. Yuck! I am not a big fan of mayo, but I didn't think they would slather THAT much onto some bread. The hot sausage poboy is pretty good, so that's what I stick to now. I guess I'm also thrown off by a friend of mine who said that sweat beads were just rolling down the face of one of the cooks. I'll be one to say: I don't believe this place is as sanitary as it could be. But, if you're looking for a decent poboy, look no further. Hey, you may absolutely love it like so many other natives do.All the stars go to the food because the service is terrible! That hot sausage po boy is to die for.It's ok!! They don't sell seafood!! There are much better Po-Boys places in New Orleans!! 3 Brothers (Now Lucy's) and Spiders!! (To name a few) Now the Daiquiris next door is the best!! ( Go try my favorite Green Eye Monster!!!Service was great. The chicken fingers were a little on the dry side but the size of them made up for it if you used a dipping sauce. Pretty standard chicken tenders and fry combo.i love Gene's.  It's convenient to my house and some of my fave bars.  The po-boys are better after drinking, but are worth eating anytime.  One of my goals is to not have to drive to my food.  Gene's makes my feet and tummy happy.  (The hot sausage is too hot for some to eat, especially if they deconstruct the sandwich).Mmm.   After the parade on Saturday and our foray at Bar Tonique, I realized it had been way too long since I was in that part of town that late at night after having had some cocktails.  Which of course is the best time to hit Gene's.  I got my usual, the hot sausage, and the boyfriend got the roast beef.  Super messy and oh-so-fantastic.  I woke up wanting another for breakfast.  
One time I was driving from Baton Rouge to Miami with a friend who had never been to New Orleans.  We were tight on time so we couldn't stop and hang out but I made sure we had an extra 20 minutes to jump off the interstate and get some Gene's to sustain us for the rest of the car ride.  It's that good.Women were arguing that work there , screaming back and forth , unprofessional to the max , it has a sewage smell in the place , make u not wanna eat period from there , last but not least my hot sausage po boy , the meat didnt taste fresh .... The endGene's has changed a lot since my last review. The old time poboy dive now has fried seafood poboys, hot lunch plates, daily specials and their signature poboys including the classic hot sausage and cheese. One of the biggest changes is that they now accept credit cards. Gene's updates are catering to an ever changing neighborhood seeing its clientele change drastically in recent years. You still need to ask for light mayo if you are not a big mayo fan but for an average of $10 per huge poboy Genes is hard to beat especially late night. Dont forget your free drink.We happened upon Genes on our departure day looking for some food to take on the plane. Definitely not 'fly-able' but they smelled too good not to eat right there. Husband had the roast beef po boy. There had to be enough meat for a dinner for family of four, with gravy and dressed. They make a vegetarian version, which is peppers and onions, (probably grilled on the same grill as the meat, if you're a stickler) add cheese and dressed. Comes with a fountain drink included, which we used to make our goodbye drink before we left. Love Genes. Worth the extra effort of a walk.I was going to say I liked but didn't love Gene's, but since my friends and I stopped there twice over the course of four hours and split 3 footlong-ish sandwiches, I guess part of me really did love it. We tried the spicy sausage and shrimp po-boys and both were delicious. 
The gumbo was quite good, though I wouldn't waste my time on it when sandwiches are available.  I didn't care for the sweet potato cake, but it wasn't terrible.  
The atmosphere is that of a carryout, and service was fast and friendly.Worst shrimp poor boy I've had in town. Made me sick on top of tasting horrible. Go to Frady's on dauphine.I woke up today scheming, dreaming and drooling for HOT.SAUSAGE.IN.MY.MOUTH.
(Preferably flat-top grilled Andouille, with crispy cold shredded lettuce and a cool smear of mayo.* Bonus points for also grilling the French bread, yet somehow keeping that precious crunchy/chewy ratio in check but still absorbing that glorious sausage grease.)
So I woke up, put on my scrubs, and started to head outside when I realized:
I'm no longer in NOLA, so the somewhat sketchy Gene's Po-Boy is not down the street from my hotel, playing the best of Luther Vandross while serving up $8 sammies from 7 til midnight, along with giant cups of fountain soda (be still, my Dr. Pepper lovin' heart.)
Then I also realized that it's 35 degrees on a Wednesday morning in New York, and I promptly started crying.
*Save for pomme frites and this sandwich, mayo is gross.Just had Gene's poboys for the first time and I can honestly say it is probably the most over rated poboy in the city. Even calling it mediocre would be a stretch.Two words.  SHRIMP PO-BOY.   Out of this world.  We were in NOLA for the weekend and went here three times.  The shrimp is crunchy and salty like crack, and the bread is super soft  and fresh, and just ridiculous.  And it's open 24-hours and they have daiquiris and beer.   I also had the roast beef poboy and while it was good it doesn't hold a candle to the shrimp.  
Celebrity sightings are also apparently common; while I didn't see Beyonce here, DJ Khaled was getting food late-night on one of the many occasions I visited.The real deal. You will wait with great anticipation as they call the numbers and sling those brown sacks of New Orleans love. No bs.We went here because we heard it was great, but it was a major disappointment.  We had already had a roast beef po-boy at Johnny's, so this didn't compare at all.  The bread was ok and so was the gravy, but the meat was as issue.  The roast beef was obviously not cooked there, but was pretty much like deli meat.  It was a weird texture and really thick.  I couldn't even finish the meat because it wasn't very good.  Also, this place is super dirty and there isn't anywhere to really eat.  It's the same price as other shops that are cleaner and have way better food.  I really wish we would have tried the sausage one instead.  Cash only.Gene's is no nonsense poboys.....quite frankly THE BEST hot sausage & cheese poboy in tha werld! This is the ultimate in after-drinking meals (though still great sober).  Crisp, flaky bread and quick service - Gene's is an institutionBest Po-boys in New Orleans point blank.  I live in Houston now, but this is always the first stop I make when I'm back in town.  I mentioned Gene's to my co-workers atleast once a week when I'm doing my daily praise of how much I miss New Orleans.Long wait, bad service, no place to sit - but food is WONDERFUL!! The BREAD is all that.When it's 11pm and you still want a good meal, this is it! Gene's does not disappoint. The hot sausage with cheese, please.I wanted to love this place, but the roast beef sandwich was the worst sandwich I can remember having. The bread is good, but the meat is rubbery and of such low quality as to appall. I felt obligated to warn given the generally high ratings.The food is delicious! The place is a hole in the wall. Huge sandwiches and free drink! Everything we tried was great! We ate there twice in 24 hrs it was that good! The only advice is to take out since not many chairs!This place definitely has an excellent hot sausage po-boy. That's what I generally focus on as a poboy. 
P;us, Gene's only serves meat based poboys -- no seafood poboys; less variety. And the dining area is comparable to that of a table seated next to an outhouse. Basically, it smells like dishwater...or worse.
BUT you don't come for the seating area, you come for the food. And even though they don't serve anything but sausage-hamburger based poboys, they have one awesome hot sausage poboy. *Note, their roast beef is good enough.
Recommendation? Definitely a place to grab and go.Went here late night to get a poboy as I'd had it recommended and the Yelp reviews seemed legit. Got the roast beef as I was afraid the spicy sausage might be too hot. Probably shoulda tried the hot sausage, as it seems to be what most people post about. The place is located on a busy intersection and seemed to do brisk business, which is a good sign. 
The sandwich was huge and loaded with roast beef. Double the size of the one I had at Killer Poboys. Very messy but definitely filling. I wouldn't say the quality was incredible, but you get a lot for the price, including a fountain beverage with it. 
I got the impression most people get take out, as we were the only people eating there. This is probably bc the place is pretty freakin filthy. Greasy floor, sticky tables and chairs. I guess that happens when you serve super messy food. Anyway, I'd have given one more star if the place had been a bit less grimey.A must for anyone visiting New Orleans. Although barren on the inside and for those not street smart, may seem a bit off putting, it's the best po-boy I've had in New Orleans. I usually go between the cheeseburger or hot sausage version with everything on it. Sometimes can be a bit slow to get sandwich but I appreciate the time because my sandwich is always the same. I've been 5x since being introduced back in 2011. Highly recommended at least once while in Nola!Roast beef po-boys are sooooo good. Juicy and tender with great, soft bread. Perfect combo! Workers were friendly and fast with our food.Had the pleasure of stopping here one late night after drinking. I highly recommend it. I got their special philly cheese steak Po' boy. It was amazing.It was Sunday morning, around 9:30 a.m. and we were looking for a breakfast place, walking along Frenchmen and, of course, my husband walked right by the guy sweeping up the yuk from the night before. I asked for a good place for breakfast and he said Gene's Po-Boy on the corner of St. Claude and (what I thought was Lynchman!!!). So he told us to go over one block to "Lynchman" and walk about 5-6 blocks further on to St. Claude. Well, being a man, he said that we were supposed to keep walking straight, so to appease him we walked a few blocks until we came to Washington Square Park. I said let's cut through the Park. After checking his phone to no avail, and my 'why'ning about the Park, we cut through to Elysian Fields (aka "Lynchman"). Got to St. Claude's after him saying, "Let's go back, this is in the middle of nowhere." I said, Let's keep going, he said 5-6 blocks." Low and behold, it was right across from an Athlete's Foot & Walgreens!!! (Middle of nowhere?) Breakfast stopped at 10. It was 10:05, but we were advised to go down St. Claude "past 2 pink doors" to Ilys Bistro, 2128 St. Claude (the other Gene's) and I had a delish croissant with smoked sausage 'n cheese (only could finish half). He had breakfast platter with egg over easy, grits, smoked sausage. Air Conditioned, cook from Maine. Coffee good, too.Another great experience at Gene's Po-Boys. Ordered the hot sausage and cheese po-boy dressed with french fries. The bread was nice and fresh and sausage is just spicy enough. French fries have Cajun seasoning on them and are large enough for two people to share. There isn't anywhere to eat there so you have to take the food to go. Every sandwich includes a free drink.Late night perfection. We ordered the shrimp and cheeseburger poboys before we realized how big they were, so we took the shrimp poboy home and had it for lunch the next day...still awesome. Cheeseburger was amazing. The bread is what makes them great imo.They use packaged roast beef. The roast beef still had the green preservatives slime you get when you buy packaged cold cuts in a supermarket. And for $10, this place is no steal. Plenty of better options in the area for a roast beef po boy.Ok, suffice to say that we ate here 3 times during our4 day stay...yeah it's that good! I had 2 catfish po'boys and my grandmother had 2 of the specials of the day. What it lacks in ambiance it makes up in great customer service. The portions are large and prices are great.  I will definitely go here again on my next trip to New Orleans!this place it is a local joint with about 5 different choices of po boys. They have breakfast po boys from 6-10am for $7.50 and they are good. each one comes with a large soda.I dig the hot sausage po boy.  it's a little on the greasy side, so it keeps me from eating at gene's as often as i'd like.  i really want to try their breakfast po boys.We came here TWICE in one day because we just had to try both their hot sausage po boy and their catfish po boy. You'll definitely get a bang for your buck here, and it's a no fuss sorta place. Get cho food and carry on. 
Their sandwiches are huge and one serving is perfect enough for two folks to share! The hot sausage in the po boy was ultra-moist and the melted cheddar cheese complemented it so well. As for the catfish, prepare for bigass pieces to be in your sandwich! The catfish tasted fresh, and just the right amount of mayo was included to make the perfect-tasting po boy.Roast Beef Po-Boy!!!!!
The historic Gene's Po-boys are crazy delicious! It's the perfect sandwich spot after a night out partying/drinking. It'll cost you about $10 for a po-boy and free drink. Trust me, you'll fall in love! 
Of course, if you're a local like me, you're used to the place looking really run-down and kind of trashy inside. But, you just order and ignore it, because the food compensates for it all.My kind of spot! Not a chain restaurant! But a whole in the wall lol. Went here after kicking major  all night in the FQ. Best PoBoy I've ever had and it was 3AM! If you want  good , hot  authentic food after partying all night, THIS IS THE PLACE! 
Once again have 4 stars because parking is terrible but other than that it'sSandwich was horrible didn't get my order right, would not be going back.. just meat and bread none of the topping I asked for.. I asked for the sandwich to be dressed and add gravy and pickles.. just meat and bread, the service has gone down use to be the best place to get a sandwich .. don't waste your moneyExcellent roast beef po-boy, cooked just right and with all the delicious fixings.  Highly recommend!Really enjoyed the chicken wings on this fine Thursday night. Was hungry for something fried and Genes did not disappoint. I waited until I got home to eat and was pleasantly surprised that the wings were still incredibly crispy. The buffalo sauce was awesome, thick like sweet and sour sauce.As far as po-boys go I would much rather have parkway, crabby jacks, adam's street, or verti mart (just to name a few).  However, if it's late at night and you have found yourself wandering around the St. Claude arts district on your fixie with cloves hanging out of your pocket, still running off that high from when you listened to the entire beach house vinyl in the cemetery when it was foggy that one night, and suddenly you get a hankerin' for a po-boy, then you best stop by.  I do give 'em props for making 'em big and accompanied by a drink.Top notch roast beef po boy. Fresh bread, plenty of roast beef, and properly messy! More a place to grab a sandwich and go, but there is some limited seating.Where can I start warning the roast beef was awful the worst ever the place is beyond dirty.please please save you're time and money the area is so scary we kept our cab running this roast beef is not worth it .Firstly just go to A&E Restaurant down the street if you're looking for a quality po Boy
If I could give Gene's 0 stars I would.
This wasn't my first visit but I was so disappointed I needed to leave a review.
The service was absolutely terrible.
We ordered a roast beef po Boy with extra meat, extra pickles, extra mayo. We did this because the last visit for a po boy  was pretty disappointing. This time we checked our food before we left. There was 4 pickles and no extra meat. We took it back to the counter to explain that we'd paid for extra and didn't receive it. The clerk took our po boy to the back and accidentally left the door propped. I peaked through and watched as the clerk opened our sandwich herself, without gloves and wrapped it back up. She brought it out to my boyfriend and handed it to him telling us that the cooks said that all the extras were added. I'd called him over when I saw her opening our sandwich with her hands and he rejected it.
We told her that we'd like the full refund not only because the extra that we'd paid for wasn't extra but also due to her using her own hands to open the sandwich and check it instead of handing it off to cooks.
She argued with us saying a sandwich usually only has 4 pickles so *anything* over 4 is *extra*. She also said that the meat is thin so it may not look like more but it is. (We eat roast beef po boys religiously so we know how the meat looks)
Overall it was a terrible experience. Gene used to be a familiar spot for locals and tourists alike. Gene seems to only be concerned with their image and not the quality of their food and service.Baaaaaaaaaaby let me tell you about that Hot Sausage Link poboy at Genes and those daiquirisGenes will always be the iconic, pepto-bismol pink building that greeted me into the quarter as a kid.  Even on field trips to the aquarium, our bus would pass the pink building on Elysian Fields and I'd know we were close.  It wouldn't be until later in life that I'd discover the greasy goodness inside. 
They're the perfect late night drunk eat or hangover cure especially since you can get a free cold drink with your purchase, and it's all SO cheap!  I've yet to try the hamburger option or any of their breakfast sandwiches, but the hot sausage and cheese and roast beef are tasty enough.  Their roast beef is not a typical New Orleans roast beef po'boy, and has larger slabs of roast beef with a thick brown gravy, but I always get it with the "philly" option and they include peppers and cheese, making it a deliciously messy bite.  I've even stowed half my po'boy away in the fridge and eaten it the next day cold and it's still good.  And for the cheapest, strongest daiqs on the edge of the French Quarter, try the daiquiri place right next door and ask for an extra shot.it's late at night. you've partied your way down bourbon street or wherever and your tummy's a-growlin'. grab yourself a cab and head on down to gene's. don't be deterred by the dicey surroundings or the fact that there sure are some characters down there (a couple of girls asked wakako u if she had a pimp!). but it's new orleans and most of these folks are real friendly.  the po-boys are most certainly worth the trip. get the sausage!We ordered the Roast Beef Poboy and the Hot Sausage Poboy. Roast was juicy with good gravy. Sausage had a touch of spice to it, really good!  The bread itself was time on target!!  Highly recommend. It's definitely a dive.  The lady behind the counter was lovely. Very nice!Great Daiquiris, great po-boys, fast service. The best spot for after partying munchies. Super gritty but thats how you identify the best food places. One sandwich is good for 2 people... they are huge. We also come her during the day for daiquiris which are the best in town, the lady serving the daiquiris was very friendly. Will continue to come here when in Nola.Imagine two weary travelers hankering for some great local eats to fill their bellies...  We were so happy the car rental gal suggest we check this place out!
We opted for acat fish Po Boy & a bowl of gumbo.  The bread was soft & fresh. The cat fish was lightly breaded with crunchy corn meal and HOT out of the fryer. We souped it up with some original Louisiana hot sauce. Dee-lish!
Our service was fast and friendly. We'll be back!After a day of walking, I was at the point of hunger where I was so grumpy that I was about to punch someone,  then found Gene's Po-Boys. I got a sausage sandwich that was fast and real f'n tasty and no one got punched.Fried catfish po-boy was terrific.  Crispy fried fish was very flavorful and spiced.  The bread was terrific.  The sandwich was huge, I was super full after eating it.  I think that this is officially my favorite po-boy (Disclaimer: I'm from out of town, and I assume that affects the stock of my statement).  
The fried shrimp po-boy needed hot sauce, but mostly because it was a little too dry, the breading had a nice spice to it.  We got our sandwiches to go, and didn't think about hot sauce until it was way too late.   If they have Crystal, which I am assuming that they do, this is a non issue.  Just remember to splash it on before you leave.
Gene's isn't glamorous and doesn't look like much, but it is making great sandwiches.HOT SAUSAGE ADD CHEESE SAY WHAT? 
So I recently came here with a vegetarian friend and learned that they do have a veggie poboy -- it's lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, and cheese on french bread. LOL. 
I am not a vegetarian, so I don't have to order this. Get the hot sausage (add cheese) or the cheeseburger. It's really bad for you and really greasy but also really good. 
The hamburger poboy is WAY better than Melba's. There's also a gambling machine, social shakedown, and a free fountain drink with every order. 
It's kinda dirty, but it's worth it.Bourbon Street makes you want to thrown up in your mouth in a little bit? Gene's has the best Po' Boys straight up. No frills local spot, if your in Nola, this should be on your list.I guess I made the mistake of coming here during the day because the minute I bit into my huge sandwich I came to agree with other reviewers that it's the perfect food to eat uninhibitedly wasted at 3 am.  Still very enjoyable for lunch though.  For $7.50 you get a huge sandwich and drink...can't beat it.  I have always been tempted by the signs advertising "hot sausage"..."hamburger"..."Philly roastbeef"...ect...while driving by the pink building and finally decided to stop.   I was surprised to find that there was no real menu and the wall listed only about 5 different sandwiches.  Not sure if I was missing something or if the menu really is that limited.  They were very busy and the counter lady had a bit of an attitude so I didn't ask.   I ordered the roast beef po boy and was perfectly satisfied but it just didn't have that "wow" factor.  The roast beef actually tasted a bit like gyro meat, which was ok with me because I'm obsessed with gyros, but just an interesting observation.  Would try again...most likely as a late night snack or a meal option when I don't feel like paying double elsewhere for a slightly better po boy.Oh genes! I have to give these guys five stars. Not because the food is outstanding, but because of the memories. This place took both my poboy AND my daiquiri virginity. And it's a drunk decision I'll never regret! Never a scarcity of interesting characters, the people-watching alone makes it worth the visit. Go for the hot sausage poboy and some fries. Perfectly greasy- a great end to a long night of drinking.Great shrimp po boy. Huge portions and the bread was delicious. Don't let the bright pink building deter you this place has good food!Tried it for the first time in April over WrestleMania weekend, and I now declare that I've found my new #1 favorite poboy in the city: Gene's hot sausage w/ American cheese. It was positively scrumptious.Hot sausage with cheese, so damn good. Hubby's eating fries, like that catfish poboy isn't the best thing ever. Go! That's all I've gotta say.Gene's, oh Gene's, where do I start? Let's backtrack for a minute here...how did we end up at Gene's? Well, how does anyone end up at any random hole in the wall restaurant at 1 AM on a Friday night in New Orleans? They asked their Lyft driver for restaurant recommendations...
A group of eight of us (all ladies) were starving at 12:30 AM and my friend remembered  that our Lyft driver recommended Gene's. No one had had dinner at that point, so Gene's looked pretty good...
When we rolled up, we realized Gene's was not what we were expecting. It didn't seem like the greatest area and the restaurant was no thrills...by no thrills, I mean literally NO THRILLS...not even a table or a chair in the entire place. 
I got a shrimp Po-Boy which was literally shrimp and bread. No mayonnaise, no mustard, not a lettuce leaf. Just a mediocre sandwich roll with some deep fried shrimp...it can be all yours...for $14!!! I could have really used some chips. They had a vending machine full of chips but they were all "fire" and hot flavored so I did not get my chip fix.
I will give them credit though, the shrimp was very good. It had great flavor and a wonderful spice! It was warm and tasted like it had just been cooked. My friend got a couple of their tartar sauces and hot sauces which had a nice kick and tasted homemade. 
It was not the funnest experience standing around for 30 to 45 minutes eating the sandwich without a table. It would be nice if they even had some standing tables without chairs. Just something... They obviously don't want people sticking around. 
Service was not overly friendly and my friend's sandwich took almost 30 minutes to make...so we were all done eating by the time hers was done. 
On the upside, this place is open 24 hours a day. I don't think I would rush back but it's hard for me to give it only two stars because I thought the food was good. I could see this being a great place to go to after a night out when you really need some fuel.Gene's is an institution.  First off, the hamburger and hot sausage poboys are my favs. Now they serve fried chicken and other items from Ily's next door at night also! Those chicken wings were delicious....the fried were ok. I will stick with the originals (hot sausage and hamburger) tho.Some of the best P.O. boys out there had It left and right but I think these top them all. They are soo big. Not to mention Drake had a part of a music video filmed here. The staff is great soo friendly.Genes hot sausage poboy with extra cheese and onions. The best thing you will put in your mouth for the entire time you spend on this earth. Yeah I said it nah who gon pop me? Genes is the best.Best Po boy you will ever eattttttt! I can not exclaim this enough! Sooo sooo good. The joint is a little sketchy especially at night and the parking lot sucks but the food definitely makes up for it. We even took a po boy to go and had it cold later, stilll delicious. If in the neighborhood definitely visit!Probably the best shrimp po boy I've ever had! We came straight here after landing around midnight and it was just so good. The shrimp was nice and crunchy and the flavor was amazing. I seriously dream about this place and am counting down the days until I can have it again!Soooooo Good!!!! The best po-boys in Nola. The only reason I took a star is because everytime I visit home it seems the price has jumped 200%. The workers aren't always that nice either. Show us you appreciate our business. I still go because the food is just that Good!!!Best PO BOY in NOLA perfect bread, perfect meat, tasty mayo good shit. I've had the hot sausage & philly and from what I hear everything else is good here. Great local spot you'll probably find yourself as the minority once you're in here. I love this place I went in bought one finished it in 2 minutes then bought another one. they're HUUUGE tooo hot sausage, philly, burger can't go wrong DO IT!!I'm sort of ambivalent toward Gene's. True, it's painted pink on the outside, and there's the daiquiris in close proximity, and the casino machines and late-night patrons are memorable, but these things don't make up for the fact that the food is pretty gnarly. The hot sausage po boy ($8 w/drink) is the stuff that nightmares are made of and tastes like regret.
But at 3AM your options are limited, and sometimes polluting yourself with something like Gene's is a reasonable idea... but I probably wouldn't recommend it.omg - the best messy, cheesy, gravey-filled roast beef poboy I've ever had! I couldn't dream up something as tasty. it's not for the mild at heart. the area can be a bit intimidating, but fear not. you're about to sink your teeth into the best poboy and graduate into the finer new orleans cuisine legends. 
i suggest you buy one, get a daiquiri next door (also Gene's) and walk down to the esplanade park...or rent a bike and ride through the marigny and find a quiet spot to just sit. 
ugh - i want one now!Man, I only had one night in NOLA, really just a few hours. Having never been, I rode around the French Quarter looking for a bar/pub/restaurant that looked interesting but just wasn't really feeling any of the spots. I fuckin hate tourist traps so I decided to call it a night and head to my hotel which was about 6 miles east on 10. As I made my way out I happened past Gene's. It definitely wasn't a tourist trap so I made a U-turn parked in Walgreens across the street and headed in. Now, so you know, I'm a fairly large, scary looking to some black dude from the inner city. Despite that, Gene's had me with my head on a swivel. I went there at about 11pm and it was grimy. The regulars weren't hiding the fact that they were sizing me up. Anyway, got the philly steak (roast beef) PoBoy which was my first. That fucking thing was perfect, albeit a little messy but god damn it was good!!! Fuck the tourist traps...this is where it's at. Go, be a little afraid, be leary, worry, look over your shoulder in eager anticipation of your number being called, escape with you food and head back to wherever you're staying and enjoy all that hood goodness.I am not a picky eater at all. I am definitely not a picky eater when I am drunk.
This place is not the most attractive from the outside and it doesn't do itself much justice on the inside. It was late, there were not that many options, and the menu didn't look bad. I ordered the roast beef. This was a mistake. 
What isn't clear to me is why other people love this place. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. My friend ordered a po'boy and he was happy, though drunk, with his food. I literally could not finish my meal. The "beef" was rubbery and it was drenched in mayonnaise. It sounded like such a great idea at the time but the food was uneatable. 
I am sad to say that this place is just no good. At least not for me.