This place has amazing food! I got the daily special which was chicken and biscuits, topped with gravy and a fried egg: incredible!!!! If you're in the garden district, you must stop! You won't regret it :)Super friendly staff. Outside seating with perfectly positioned fans. Great food! 
Love the prosciutto and asparagus salad! A perfect balance of healthy and yummy luscious!so this restaurant is an absolute find... The staff is friendly, this food is absolutely delicious... But beware thier brunches on the weekends can be so packed that the wait can be very very long... So get there early, And bring an appetite!Read the fine print: that's the lesson learned when we tried Gott for brunch during Mardi Gras 2011. 
I ordered hot chocolate for my drink. It came back as a watery pale brown liquid that tasted more milk than chocolate. I was like HUH? in a gourmet cafe? I called the waiter's attention to it. He innocently mentioned that they make them from a packet mix. He asked if I wanted something else. I said orange juice instead. It also was not the freshly squeezed kind but came from a commercial brand. When the bill came, guess what I got charged with? Yep, both the hot chocolate AND the OJ. Only after we asked the waiter about the double charge and after he, in turn, consulted with his more senior colleague, did he waive the hot chocolate from the bill. 
When i re-read the menu, I realised that only the meats and some of the fresh produce were being vouched for as coming from the NOLA  suppliers/market. Thus, accounting for the gourmet part even if none of the drinks were. 
Good thing I tried the grits with shrimp breakfast in an orange-y sauce. This helped me consider why the food -- not the drinks -- just the food -- can make the gourmet tag stick. 
One lesson learned for all the casual brunch-ers who got turned away when the place was full: book a table ahead of time.Very good diner. Small selection but everything was delicious and affordable. Highly recommended his place for basic diner fairGreat menu! 
Delcious food. -Gott to have the veggie breakfast wrap WITHOUT creamcheese
Friendly staff. 
Outdoor seating. 
Good prices. 
Huge portions. 
Personally, I'd rather not have enourmous portions. Give me less and charge me less.  Unless I'm splitting a plate with someone else, its not necessary.We were exploring pleaded to eat outside the French quarters and  We found this great place for breakfast. The menus is small but everything was delicious and well prepared . The environment casual and comfortable. I have the shrimp  and grits and the flavor was fantastic nothing overpowered all the ingredients complement each other well. I highly recommend GG's dine o RamaLike Charles H. pointed out the open kitchen is great but the food here is so forgettable. I'm always surprised when dining out in New Orleans (the food capital of the world, in my humble opinion) if the food is bland.
The waitress was very pleasant and we loved her, but the food...ugh. We had a Shrimp BLT wrap and the Cochon de lait Cuban with a side of mac and cheese. Something was just "off" with all three dishes. The sandwiches needed more seasoning and the mac and cheese was too runny or something? I'm hoping they may have been having a bad day because I have heard great things about this place and would be willing to try them again, but you won't see me running back anytime soon.
There's outdoor seating here with water misters aimed at the tables to keep you cool in the sweltering New Orleans heat, which is a very nice touch. Next time I'll be trying the breakfast menu.Alittle disappointed! Had the turkey blt on sourdough. Bread was stale and did not taste like sourdough at all.  But the margaritas are very good so that's a plus.Ham and brie eggs benedict with green onion hollandaise was delicious - flavors were very well balanced and delicate. Coffee is pretty good, too. I would come back for more.Okay..we got to the restaurant at 11:15am on a Sunday morning.  There were PLENTY of empty tables, but when we put our name on the list, we were told it would be a 50 minute wait and they would not be serving breakfast by the time we were seated.  Looking around...there were about 6 empty tables inside and 4 others outside.  We asked if the hostess was serious and she let us know she was.  Obviously there was a staffing issue, but perhaps if the hostess had explain the situation instead of making us feel guilty when we ask why the wait with so many open tables it would have helped the situation.  Let's put it this way..didn't wait for the 50 minutes..walked down about a 1/2 block and wonderful lunch and cold beer at the Bulldog.  Guess I will go give them 5 starts.  Gott's while it was on my radar as a must visit..has moved to a cold day in New Orleans when I will try again.The best breakfast, if not the best meal, I had in New Orleans!
Bloody Marys were top notch. Spicy with all the fixings on a skewer
Shrimp & Grits - AMAZING. Buttery, cheesy, rich. They don't skimp on the shrimp or sausage either
Ham & Brie Benedict - this is now my favorite eggs benedict of all time. The Dr. Pepper ham is sweet/salty, tons of brie, and the roasted tomatoes are a nice touch
St. Patty's Breakfast - the chorizo and jalapenos are a nice touch on a traditional corned beef hash. 
Just order anything/everything on the menu. Service is excellent and food is even better.This place is amazing the food is outstanding. The staff is awesome as well. One of my favorite places in all of NOLAI wish this restaurant was in the French Quarter (where I was staying) because I would have gone every day. The salads are amazing and the jumbo shrimp that you can add to the top of salads is delicious. I had the grilled vegetable salad and the vegetables had so much flavor that I didn't even need to put the dressing on. My mom had the caesar salad with shrimp on top (I stole one) and loved it.
The service was good and the atmosphere is perfect for a lunch spot. They also have daily specials, which all sounded very good. Definitely try this place out!Great food! Excellent waitress but the red headed host had a stick up her ass. I accidentally ordered a non vegetarian dish and asked her if it said meat in the description-- she was so rude and snappy! Mimosas were pretty nasty too, but I can't complain too much because they just overpoured the champagne.Cold "grilled" cheese sandwich, salad made of 90% greens and not many redeeming qualities. Lots of other great places to eat in the area!The chicago dogs, and shrimp wraps are tasty!  I am very particular, especailly about shrimp being deveined--they are!!!  Staff is friendly.  It is a go to for lunch when I am uptown.Pretty damn good.  
The lunch special today was thai mussels and I was ready to lick the bowl the sauce was so good.  It was served with some lightly seasoned toast that went perfect with the dish.
Others in my party had a sauteed chick filet panini that was big and tasty looking.  
Their menu seems to be all over the place but the combinations of sauces they're putting on their specialties is very appetizing. 
I thought prices were very reasonable and the food came to the table in a timely fashion.  The outdoors tables looked inviting but they were full.  
I'm going backOkay, this place continues to get better every time I show up and the specials are definitely one of the things that make it so yummy. Went for breakfast with my sweet lady and we had the pulled pork Benedict and the fried oyster Benedict, both specials. The pulled pork was served on a homemade biscuit, buttery goodness down to the green onion hollandaise sauce. The fried oyster was absolutely delicious, the perfect amount of crispness on the oyster, the english muffin just the right temperature and toast(ness?), and I had a dream about it the next day.... yes, it was that good. I'm uploading a pic to get your mouths watering. All in all I have always had great food here, and the staff are pretty much a homerun too.The dish I ordered (a special for the LA/SPCA fundraiser) seemed a little ambitious for such a low key restaurant but it won the WWL taste contest that morning so why not? And it was delicious...my only criticism would have been that the pieces of ginger were a bit large for me.  The scallops were well cooked and the risotto was tasty.
Definitely an ambitious local joint.Staff was very nice and welcoming. Had the broken egg sandwich and it awesome, those tots are addicting too.Always a pleasure eating here. Hate to see it not nearly as busy as it ought to be, as the quality of its food & service render the place deserving of much larger crowds than I've seen here before. From speaking with friends who feel the same way I think the name "Dine O Rama" kind of turns people away-- they're not really sure what a "Dine o Rama" is. I get it, I understand the concept, but for someone who's just walking down Magazine looking for a place to eat, it could come across as a little confusing and different than a conventional dining experience. Regardless, make no mistake-- this place is well worth visiting. The Mac and Cheese is one of the best of its kind that I've tried in the city, and you can add bacon which is awesome. The cocktails are unique and the food is surprisingly innovative. The staff is always super welcoming.I went here on Saturday for lunch. We got there around 1:00 p.m. and it was so packed. We had to wait 20 minutes for a table. We finally got a table and our waitress was very short with us.... I would be in the middle of telling her something and it's like she was already walking away....that happened 3 times when we were there. The food was good, but with all the great stuff I have heard about this place, i expected the food to be great. The St. Patty's Day Massacre (their spin on the classic Rueben) was overwhelmed with horseradish.  The bbq pulled pork wrap was ok. The meat itself was phenomenal, but they don't put that much meat on it and it seemed like they only put meat in the middle of the wrap because both ends were full of only cole slaw.  They also do not put any bbq sauce on this wrap, which I was a bit disappointed about. The service would probably be my biggest complaint. When I wait for a table, no matter where it is, I don't want to be rushed when I finally do sit down.... that doesn't make us eat faster, that makes us tip less! Overall, I would give it a 2.5 - 3 out of 5. I probably will not go back.Order the Cochon de Lait Cuban Panini....that's all I have to sayStarted off good enough and ended very poorly. Just left after having brunch/lunch. They were busy and we have them that, being more than patient but the honest truth is the food was ok at best, everyone's food came out cold, most everything was over priced & the waitress had all kinds of excuses. Multiple times we waited and waited, asking other servers to let our server know that we needed something, after she took her smoke break, she was sitting in the back with other staff just hanging out, our table still waiting. In the end, after waiting and waiting, she added gratuity to the bill for a table of 5 and did not tell the table. After each of us added a tip, someone realized she already added gratuity...just NOT happy all the way around and it takes a lot to upset this group at a dinner table!Went for Sunday breakfast and everything was top notch.  The Gouda-Grits are truly outstanding, some of the best savory grits I've ever had.  The cheesy hashbrowns are good and their biscuits have a nice, browned, slightly salty crispy surface yet moist and tender in the center.  The real star of the show, however, was their eggs Benedict.  This is one of my favorite dishes and it's surprisingly difficult to find restaurants who can do them just right - especially the poached eggs.  But these were just about perfectly prepared, and the soft Southern Ham beneath was a perfect complement.  Absolutely worth a special trip.Stopped in on Saturday afternoon with a friend. Great atmosphere, feels like your in the middle of downtown NYC which is home to me.  So right there they had me! I ordered the fried chicken club one of the best pieces of fried chicken I have had in the city, I recommend it. The other half of the part ordered the St. Pattys massacre "it was heavenly". We recommend both dishes, pop in on a Saturday afternoon and you won't regret your decision!!Thank God This Place Is Closed!! :)
I honestly always wanted to try this place out, but I was extremely disappointed. The menu is very small, maybe like 9 items total.However even with the small menu the waitress could not tell me anything she had tried before. That was the first warning sign that the food was going to be very nasty. 
The Food:
 I tried the fried chicken sandwich & it did not taste like anything & actually the bread had more flavor then the actual chicken. 
 The gumbo had potato salad in it &  it has no flavor either. I have live & been to New Orleans many times & have never seen potato salad inside of gumbo. When I asked the waitress she stated this is how gumbo is done in New Orleans!!.......Girl goodbye with the lies. 
The Service:
   Waitress was rude. I asked to speak to a manager she must have been very busy with the 2 other people sitting in the almost empty restaurant because she never arrived to speak to us. 
Never again ! Do Not Eat Here!Hands down, theeeee best modern take on the traditional Nola food. The atmosphere was very homey. The staff were excellent and very friendly! Cute little diner with affordable prices, large portions enough to share. I went with some college students I met on Bourbon street the night before. They ordered the gumbo, peanut butter wings, Ruben sandwhich, shrimp and grits and I ordered the fried mozzerella and prosciutto balls. Everything was perfectly seasoned, the dishes were presented beautifully. Everything about this diner was perfect! Definitely a must try when you're in town!This place has become a go-to for me when I have out of towners visiting. The food is consistently great! I mostly go for breakfast, but I've been for lunch & it was super tasty. Love GG'sWe went to Gott Gourmet on Easter Sunday.  It was very busy and we did not have a reservation.  We only waited 20 minutes and got a nice table outside.  I ordered the shrimp and grits and an order of biscuits&sausage. The portions were huge!  The grits were a perfect consistency and the shrimp were large.  It had great flavor and the sauce was wonderful!  The gravy for the biscuits was not a traditional sausage but an amazing mushroom sausage gravy!  YUUUUUM!!!!  Very rich dish so if you want something on the lighter side I would either share or not get this dish.  My man had an egg white Chaurice sausage omlette.  He loved it. The sausage had nice spices but was not too spicy.  We also got the Blueberry Mimosas that were refreshing!  This place has a great menu with all you could possibly want.  It is rather small in size but the tables move quickly.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us with our choices.  HIGHLY RECCOMMEND!!  ENJOY!Decided to go here after raving a salad and looking for something a little lighter.  Perusing yelp, I came across reviews for this place and the pictures of the Gott Salad looked delectable.
After parking and perusing some of the local shops on Magazine street, I finally got to Gott Gourmet and ordered their salad.  It was just what I needed - nice and light with good crunch from the pecans and sweetness from the berries.  The panko fried brie cheese is definitely what makes this salad!"The other one" and I were both craving a burger, and with the quarter being "tit-to-ass" due to the BCS championship game, we figured we needed to head uptown.  Elizabeth's and Sugar Park are great, but we go there all the time and we had the urge to get out of the neighborhood. I busted out the Yelp app and realized I had this placed marked to try.
We both ordered burgers, and of course, I had to order the gargantuan one with bacon and bleu cheese.  Service was friendly, but slightly slow.  Atmosphere is casual and not very loud, which is what I needed after work last night.  Our burgers were very good- not the best I've had, but a solid, juicy burger with good flavor.  I could only eat half of it.  The fries were good as well.  We both decided we would be back and put it on the "good burger" list.By the time I sat down and eventually ordered my food, I was already so annoyed with the service that I was hoping I'd hate the food and be able to really rip this place apart on yelp. 
This place gets 2 stars only because the food was good. Otherwise if you plan on coming here on the weekend for brunch, enjoy being ignored and waiting forever while the hostess forgets that they're open tables, then once your sat, ignored again then don't come here. The food was the only thing slightly redeeming. I got a build your own omelette that was fine (which you'd have to be an idiot anyways to fuck that up) and my partner got the corned beef hash which was a delicious surprise.Fried Chicken Club was exceptional, as well as their Mac 'n cheese. Love the open kitchen and our server, Zoe, was a true gem! Great place to stop in for a refreshment but even better when you sit back and enjoy everything this place has to offer!I used to always recommend GG's when it was called Gott Gourmet, but I have to admit I'm disappointed with my last visit. The prices have increased and and portion size has gotten significantly smaller. I could perhaps overlook this change, but the service has also declined. We had to track down the server for a refill in coffee and then again to get and pick up the check. This used to be one of my favorite spots, hopefully things change.Went here for brunch with a big group (as part of a BP weekend) and the food was superb!  Ordered tots for the table (oh so yummy), the St. Patty's Day breakfast for myself (may have been the best corned beef hash I've ever had) and others ordered the pork and gouda grits special (my friend raved), multiple breakfast burritos (received solid thumbs up from my picky Texas buddies), and some other items I don't recall (but that were all delicious).  There was an issue with the ticketing system, so we ended up waiting quite a bit for our food, but the staff was MORE than gracious and easily made up for it with their service.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.I was very happy with this location - Food was great.  Service was nice.  Ambiance was enjoyable.  I am looking forward to returning.Great brunch, we had the shrimp and grits, and a French toast special with pumpkin marscapone (?) spread. Both were the best we ever had of shrimp and grits and French toast. Friendly service, nice atmosphere made you feel at home.The food was GREAT!! We had a group of 11 & they were able to accommodate us which was great. They have different flavored mimosas & the bloody Mary's were good! My only complaint is that they aren't able to separate checks which was annoying but we lived! Great spot on Magazine St.The two of us split the shrimp and grits a little after 10am. Yum! Totally hit the spot! I highly recommend them if you are down on Magazine Street.Went for Sunday Brunch and just barely made it there before 12:00 which is when Gott switches to the lunch menu.  As we sipped our strawberry mimosas we sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful January weather.  I just had to sample the shrimp and grits which were ordered by my boyfriend and I am so glad I did.  The grits were made with Gouda and homemade Andouille  sausage in addition to the garlic, peppers and onions.  I ordered the Broken Yolk Sandwich which also was a yummy selection.  It would definitely be a toss up for which I would order when I return.I understand some of the negative reviews of Gott Gourmet, because I don't like that the wraps can become soggy quickly (although the Shrimp BLT wrap is really yummy) and the mimosas are super over priced and they stop serving breakfast a little too early on weekends.
However, there are few places I would rather go for a really good salad.  The Gott Salad had fried brie cheese and candied pecans, with tons of greens to balance it out.  The Blue Oyster Spinach Salad is my favorite, and you get a good helping of oysters, apples pieces, and cashews.  
The hot coffee is also very good.  
ps- I have never had a quick meal here, so don't go if you are in a rush.  I have seen one waiter covering 8 tables...Food was delicious! Disappointing that they no longer can serve alcohol but byob was ok. We stopped in this place about a year ago but had already eaten so we made a point to come back hungry!  The jumbo burritos were fantastic.Got a breakfast burrito that size of a Chipotle burrito, filled with vegetables, meat and egg, perfectly balanced.. and was about $9.. Was enough for 2 meals, outstanding.Terrific salads and mixed drinks. It's a good, lighter, alternative to many nearby restaurants that offer food which is very rich and heavy.Eating vegetarian can be tricky in New Orleans, especially if you're not eating in one of the many 3 and 4 star restaurants the city has to offer. Personally, I like things a bit more laid back. Gott Gourmet is pretty close to perfect for me. Of course, I'm biased towards anywhere I can walk to when on holiday.
I was pretty bummed to find they don't really have a brunch. There's breakfast, but who is NOLA is getting up for pancakes before noon? Oh well... The choices for vegetarians are pretty standard for a bistro- salads (often modified without meat), a veggie wrap stuffed with anything you can think of, and a tomato mozzarella panini that I had. The bread was crisp and not soggy considering there was quite a bit of balsamic dressing on it. I sure do love condiments! The tomatoes were roasted as well, giving this sandwich a bit of an edge. 
Don't forget to add a side! The ancho-honey slaw sounded a bit odd, but has got to be one of the top 5 coleslaw's I've ever had. Just pile it on your sandwich. The mac and cheese is also pretty good, leaning more towards nostalgic comfort than anything new or different. The cucumber jicama salad seemed to forget it contained jicama at all and was very tart from the white wine vinegar. Maybe best to forget that one.
The mimosas are very good. There was a mojito special (they added basil??) when I was there that was really nice. Including the copious drinks we consumed, the bill ran around $20-25 a person. Not really cheap, but then reasonable considering how many drinks we had. All around, a great place to stop in and nosh while on Magazine.Great spot for brunch on Magazine Street. I had the Crab Cakes Benedict as their special and it was excellent.We dropped in here on a hot, humid day after a walk around the Garden District.  Definitely worth checking out!  The service was super and swift, even after multiple lemonade refills.  We split a Caesar Salad and Shrimp Wrap, both were great.  Blondie decided we should go with the Jalapeno tortilla with our shrimp wrap; which turned out to be an excellent choice with a subtle kick.Took my family there for brunch. Ordered eggs over easy  - got rock hard eggs, which server assured me were over easy. No - that's over *hard*. If you serve eggs, you really need to know the difference. Asked for warm milk with my coffee - which every other breakfast place in town can do with no trouble. Apparently, there's no microwave or any other way to heat milk at Gott Gourmet. Their service was so dreadful that I would never go back.Only had cocktails, no food, while shopping in the neighborhood, but very prompt professional service and extremely tasty libations. Clean environment and great location.I went for Sunday brunch and was quoted a 30 min wait for 2 people. We decided to grab a drink at the bar. They had one bartender on (waaaay under staffed for how busy they were). I ordered a Bloody Mary, which completely fit the name on the menu "thick and spicy" it was definitely spicy. We ended up waiting AN HOUR! Once we were seated the dining process flew by. The berry pancakes were DELISH! I would definitely go back for them. The bacon was cooked perfectly and the service was great. I would recommend this place if you are not under any time constraints. They accommodate large parties, delivery great service, great food, and awesome drinks.Ok, where do I start? Well, we stopped in for a late brunch and we were told there would be a bit of a wait. The person seating us suggested that we eat at the counter, because it's faster. I'm not usually a fan of counter eating, but considering that I was STARVING, I figured that I would suck it up in the name of fast service.
Well, we got our drinks quickly, ordered our food and waited. And waited and waited and waited. Finally, nearly an hour since we had first set foot inside the door, our food comes out. I ordered the broken yolk sandwich which is a fried egg, tomatoes, bacon and cheese on French-like bread. I also got a side order of grits. The sandwich was...okay. Nothing really special and it was pretty much something I could have made at home. The grits weren't bad, but were somewhat bland.
Let me point out that the staff was extremely apologetic about the wait. This brings me to another point: there was a couple sitting at a table that were clearly finished eating. They had paid and they had "go" boxes in front of them, yet they continued to chat and sip on their coffee as people waited. Now, I'm not usually one to tell people to hustle as soon as the check comes, but when you see people waiting- chug that brew and step. It's just common courtesy.
I would go back, but not for brunch.This place has some pretty decent sandwiches and burgers.  They also have authentic Chicago style hot dogs.  They usually have some different daily specials and desserts that are pretty good.  I eat here a few times a year but not really on a regular basis.  I've also heard some good things about their breakfast and brunch food but I'm not really a breakfast person.  The service has usually been a bit on the slow side and the food seems to take awhile to come out especially if just sandwiches.  Not the cheapest or the most expensive place and about midway on my scale of places to eat.After having a horrible eating experience in the French Quarter, we took the bus down Magazine Street.  Gott has outdoor seating, so we picked a nice table outside on a sunny day.  Sandwiches were good, i got the cuban panini and my friend ordered the curry chicken salad.  It's pricey and u get just a sandwich (no sides), we asked for some chips.  We got a tiny plate w a small amount of chips and they charged us $1.25.  Food is good but the price and the chips r giving this review only 3 stars.Crowded.  Smells strange.  The corned beef sandwich had WAY too much creole mustard (that stuff is strong!) and the beef tasted slightly sweet and cinnamony, just the thought of which makes me feel queasy.  Very small for $11.  My friend got mozzarella sliders which were made using crappy rolls, plus they were burnt.  Underwhelming.I had high hopes for this place: so many friends and acquaintances loved eating here. I think what boils down for me is attention to detail. 
I ordered the St. Patty's Day Breakfast. The singular joy for me when I order hash are the over easy eggs. Those golden yolks running into the hash. A breakfast joy. My desire turned into heartbreak when these two fried eggs showed up with yolks so hard they looked boiled. I guess because the hash was smothered with the unadvertised bisque sauce, the eggs were an afterthought. On top on that, toasted French bread was substituted for the rye bread. When I saw some delivered to another table, well it just pissed me off.
Those looking for a cheap bite should look elsewhere; it's almost impossible to have breakfast under $10.00 per person. 
My server was fine; I'm sure he would have rather been elsewhere. It happens.Stopped here for brunch while Pre-Mardi Gras costume shopping. There were way too many things I wanted to try, but the thing that sticks out most in my memory since this was several weeks ago now, was the cocktail I ordered. The Pink Lady was delicious and way too easy to drink! How is there two types of booze in there but it just tastes like Shirley Temple juice!!?!? Dangerously delicious. I'd go back to try their Mac and Cheese as that looked amazing. Fun little spot.Outstanding! I hear they have a great brunch but i've never had it.  I tried the curry chicken salad sandwich which comes on a croissant.  Ok, i like every one of those things in that last sentence all by itself.  I've never had them together and these guys certainly pull it off.  everything i ate could stand on it's own.  The menu is clever without scaring off the 'fraidy cats.  certainly worth a try.  dunno what the heck that "Jason A" guy's experience was all about in the 2 star review here.  seems WAY off from my experience.  
Tasty!Went here for lunch with vendors.  Started with fried artichoke hearts.  It came with a remoulade tasting sauce.  Both were good.  I had the shrimp po boy.  The shrimp were a nice size and the fries were good, but had to much of that seasoning salt on it.  The guy had fried chicken with bacon, avocado, spinach, and pickles.  It was supposed to come on white bread, but he wanted rye.  The waiter looked at him like why.  So, he asked the waiter why he made that face.  The waiter said because the chicken is so big and thick rye won't hold it together.  He didn't mind so he got the rye anyway.  He loved it!  The girl got turkey sandwich and she liked it, too.If you are in New Orleans you MUST try this restaurant!! It is amazing. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was fantastic. I came here with my parents for brunch and we were seated immediately. We ordered the Shrimp and Grits, which was so good, but the Buffalo BBQ Fried Oyster Eggs Benedict stole the show. The eggs were poached to perfection, the fried oysters were crispy and light, and the sauce was very flavorful. I have eaten at many brunch spots, but GG's was by far one of my favorite meals.Fabulous breakfast and lunch place with a laid back feel. The food is great and fresh  and the menu offers a lot to choose from. The mimosas were great!  It is nestled in a busy part of Magazine so grab a bite, get a drink to go and take a stroll down Magazine for a perfect Saturday morning.I must admit, I had a late night before venturing in for Sunday brunch. The line was fairly long but I don't think I waited about the normal amount of time. I had the fried oyster Benedict with crystals hot sauce (of course) and it was really good. I will warn you, the drinks are strong. ..I possibly had the strongest Irish coffee of my life, not a bad thing but just be prepared.Out of all the restaurants we tried in New Orleans, Gott Gourmet was truly the shining star. For a city known for their cuisine, we were surprised that the cheapest, most casual place we tried turned out to be the highlight of the trip. We ate at many of the well-known, fancier spots like GW Fins, Emeril's and Mr. B's, but nowhere hit the spot like this hidden gem. 
We stumbled upon it while walking in the Garden District, sat outside even though it was raining, enjoyed great service and a piece of heaven, the shrimp BLT wrap. They perfectly combined jumbo shrimp, mozzarella, apple smoked bacon, roasted tomatoes and peppers, avocado, chili aioli and chipotle cream cheese. This was seriously like a party in my mouth. The bf loved his curry chicken salad croissant sandwich. We were tempted to order seconds but refrained at the last minute.
We even saw our waiter from Emeril's eating there and you know he probably has a fairly good idea of what's good around town. I can't emphasize enough how fabulous this place is and if I lived closer, I would definitely be a regular.So apparently the chef/owner of this place has a surname starting with Gott--.  The name of this place was really bugging me, so some Google was in order.
I am happy to report that this unappetizing non-pun is the most offensive thing about Gott Gourmet.  Their brunch burrito/wrap things are very delicious, and the Chicago hot dogs are beautifully done.  Maybe "beautiful" is going a bit far for a hot dog, but they're certainly tasty and under five dollars.
The sandwiches are all to be reckoned with.  Especially the Reuben.  Somehow, despite my small frame and lack of sustained interest in meat, I have a thing for Reuben sandwiches.  Their version is downright Wagnerian.I love eating at Gott. The food is always decent and the service is typically pretty good. The brunch is awesome but a little over priced. I suggest the ham and Brie eggs Benedict. It's heaven. 
Before Christmas, our whole family all came to NOLA to visit this weekend since we are going to be apart for the holidays. We actually had lunch at Gott on Saturday and went back for brunch on Sunday. We had a group of 8 and wanted to all sit together since we are a family and this is a restaurant. Apparently there is a new policy and they can't seat more than 6 together because it will back the kitchen up and you can't get your food out together. Even though there were several two top tables open and one right next to a four top. When we asked if we could just sit near each other, the host informed us that they couldn't do that either because they would double seat the servers and tie them up too much with one table. I've never heard such excuses before when seating patrons. We should have left and gone to Atchafalaya but no one wanted to wait there either.Mediocre especially for New Orleans. Breakfast was as plain as can be, no real flavor. Omelette was nothing exciting and very plain, for $8 and didn't even come w grits. And the pancakes 'with berries and candied pecans' had exactly 8 blueberries on top, one strawberry cut up into several pieces and spread out, and half a teaspoon of tiny pieces of candied pecans. And oh, did I mention unit-packaged high fructose corn syrup pancake syrup and jelly straight from Sysco or someone like that. They weren't really busy, but nonetheless, we had to go inside to get more coffee since the waitress didn't show up after delivery of food.
You can do much better than here.My fiancé and I came here on Sunday at around noon. We were seated immediately and our server was friendly and attentive. The food was pretty good. I got the chicken and biscuits and my fiancé got the pancakes with a side of French fries. The portions of our meals were pretty big, but the fries were soggy and over cooked. Overall not a bad experience. We'd go back.They had a very nice brunch menu which made us stopped. It was filled with locals too, which is always a good sign. I ended up getting the broken yolk sammie and a side of grits. It was a pefect way to start my morning. The daily specials sounded fun, duck confit benedict and softshell crab and eggs over chorizo fried rice.Stopped by on a Sunday for some brunch, ate outside as we brought the dog. Wife got shrimp and grits, very creamy and good. I got st patty's breakfast, which was more similar to chip beef than corn beef hash it stated it was, had onions and jalepenos added and was creamy and good. The highlight was the bloody Marys, not to thick good amount of spice.My first trip to NOLA, and I ended up eating here TWICE.
First time for dinner we ate outside, and were promptly greeted by the server.  We told her we were on a tight timeline, and she made sure that we got our food quickly.  We had the fried catfish sandwich special - OMG!  Fresh, fabulous - and although initially I was disappointed it didn't come with anything else, I was only able to eat HALF the dang thing.  Seriously good.
Came back 3 days later for breakfast on a recommendation - I had no idea they did breakfast, and MAN was I happy!  Lots of vegetarian options, food portions were huge, fresh and I loved everything.  My only reason for not going for 5 stars is the strawberry mimosa which I started with, the sparkling wine was flat.  Sad, but the food more than made up for it.
I WILL return to this place next time I'm in NOLA!Had my first dining experience here for breakfast on a rainy Saturday.
Nice looking breakfast place on Magazine across from The Orphanage on Magazine.
I got the Special Omelet which was "The Italian" filled with pepperoni, hams, swiss cheese, black olives, onions, etc.  It was kind of like a muffaletta in an omelet.  It was pretty good although pretty salty because of the salty meats.
She got the veggie burrito and iced coffee.  The burrito was so large that we took half of it home to eat later untouched.
It is a nicer experience and better food than Slim Goodies although I have never been to one of the Broken Eggs.
Not a bad spot for breakfast.  I don't think I would choose this place for a meal other than breakfast though.I have been to Gott Gourmet for both breakfast and lunch and they are both delicious.  The breakfast was absolutely incredible, I had the egg's Benedict with grits and my friend had the broken yolk sandwich, also very very good.  The cheesy hash browns were unreal.  
For lunch the mac and cheese with jalapenos is to die for, and I love the turkey club and curry chicken salad.Came here for brunch two weeks ago and one of us ordered a grilled cheese. This is been accommodated in the past since they have bread and they have cheese but instead The MOD insisted we order from the menu, which turned out to be a a kind of grilled cheese, but with egg. Secondly, my order of over easy eggs came under cooked, runny and barely edible (and the bacon was bland). To top it off I had to ask twice for lemon for my water. The MOD (a tall guy) man was obviously stressed as he made us feel like being there was a nuisance. Apparently southern hospitality (non-negotiable) wasn't on the menu this weekend.Okay, I love GG's. I especially love it on a nice day, sitting outside because I can bring the dogs! A great spot for brunch, the wait is generally nonexistent, but has never been more than 20 minutes long for me (and that's usually because it is raining). I usually order the same thing every time, Ham and Brie Eggs Benedict, and my ultimate favorite drink in all of New Orleans, their strawberry mimosa. I also enjoy the Mac'N Magazine, their mac'n'cheese that's creamy and simple. My only qualm with GG's is that the waitresses seem to forget about you sometimes. There have a been a few times when we were finished eating for about 20 minutes before we even saw our waitress again, and then it took another 15 minutes to pay our bills. Still, this doesn't happen often enough to deter me. That strawberry mimosa calls for me, and I have to listen.WOW! This place was such a great surprise.  While walking around Magazine Street to kill time my husband and I decided to stop in. At first we had planned to just order coffee but once we got in saw the menu and smelled the delicious food our plans immediately changed. The problem was we had lunch plans already so we couldnt get all the items we wanted. We ordered the tots and they were absolutely perfection.  The tots were loaded but awesome toppings but still remained crispy. I was skeptical about the frozen coffee, but I was talked in to trying it since it was so darn hot and humid. My skepticism was erased with the very first sip! I got a plain old frozen coffee, no flavor, no extra frills and it was awesome. While we were hanging out one of the cooks asked if I wanted to try a carrot bundt cake they were testing out. Obviously my answer was yes! I am so happy I said yes! I am not a fan of carrot cake usually, but man I would have eaten the entire cake if he had let me. 
I would definitely go back here if ever back in the area.I've only had brunch here, and it was amazing.  Try the vegetarian breakfast wrap, waffle, and grits.  Awesome.I've had mixed experiences thus far, never anything worse than okay and being that it's i one of my favorite neighborhoods, I'll certainly keep coming back.
We'll start with lunch.  In my opinion, the Blue Corn Fried Oyster Baby Spinach Salad is one of the best salads in the city.  It's such a great blend of flavors and somehow, the fried oysters don't make it a heavy salad to digest.  It's filling, but won't send you headlong into a food coma.  The Cuban sandwich is a good bet too, but I'd shy away from the hotdog.  It may be hyped by the posters on the walls, but my boyfriend and I have been thus far unimpressed.  
On to breakfast (or brunch...depending what time you roll out of bed).  Bottom line?  I was underwhelmed.  Nothing on the menu jumped out at me, so I stuck with the basics:  eggs, bacon, grits, and a biscuit.  It was perfectly fine, but nothing I couldn't get elsewhere for less.  The Boyfriend went with the biscuits and gravy.  Again, perfectly good, but nothing particularly mind-boggling.  If you get there early enough that there's no wait, go ahead and have breakfast, but it's not necessarily worth the 30-40 minute wait you have to look forward to if you get there after 10 (unless you're in the mood for lunch...then stick around!)New Orleans is fortunate that Chicago native Chef David Gotter took a trip here one year during his semester break at the University of Illinois.  He became instantly enthralled with our city and eventually landed a job at the Marriott on Canal Street.  After hurricane Katrina, he returned to our city and opened a gourmet catering shop (Gott Gourmet Catering) on Magazine St. and in 2008 opened Gott Gourmet restaurant.  
His menu is self described as "casual gourmet" and his "food philosophy" is all about homemade, fresh and unique. (That's a quote from his bio)  This restaurant is known for their salads, sandwiches, soups, burgers and their highly recommended "Original Chicago Style Hot Dog".  They also offer a Saturday breakfast menu and Sunday brunch menu.
Gott Gourmet is a welcome sight for me, as they offer us some truly light fare in their offerings of salads and wraps.  With an overabundance of New Orleans style restaurants, Gott Gourmet has a good niche market.
We showed up around 7:00 PM and only 1 table was occupied; which is a good thing when you are in the company of an 17 month old who can raise a ruckus before you can say WTH. 
Our food choices included:
1.  Prosciutto & Asparagus salad:  This is a perfect summer salad as it is light and refreshing, but the prosciutto component leaves you totally satisfied for those of you who need a little protein in your diet.  The asparagus were also gilled to perfection.
2.  Cochon de lait Cuban:  This sandwich was a beast, and I mean that in the best way possible.  The bread was tasted (pressed) to perfection and the pork was melt in your mouth tender.  Bring your appetite for this one as it is rich and filling.
3.  Original Chicago Style Hot Dog:  Not knowing when we'd get to return, we went a little over the top and ordered this dog as it seems to be a specialty of theirs.  The all beef "Vienna" dog was flavorful and had a good "snap" when you bit into it.  The house cut French fries were a deep golden brown and delicious as well.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for something a little non-traditional.  I will definitely be back as there are several items on the menu I still want to try.
Kudos to our waitress (can't recall her name) for being so friendly.I love the Gouda grits here. Do not order your meal without a side. They're very unique and totally tasty. 
I really like the breakfast sandwich. The eggs are always perfectly runny. If you're a vegetarian, they let you switch the meat for avocado. 
The drinks are not the best. I felt like my cocktail was mostly ice, though it was delicious. Probably not worth the money though considering there are so many bars in the area. 
The servers are really nice but if it is crowded, they are always understaffed.I've been going to GG's since it was Gott Gourmet.  When it was still called Gott Gourmet I loved it!!  It was my go-to brunch spot.  The food was always great and consistent, regardless of what I ordered.  Unfortunately, since it has changed to GG's Dine-O-Rama I've noticed the food isn't nearly as good as it use to be and I've rarely had my cheesy chaurice made the same way twice.  The last time I was there, my tater tots were mushy and cold and the breakfast burrito was so greasy I literally had to soak it up with a napkin.  It was all just really disappointing.  Also, they no longer serve alcohol.  Not sure what the story is behind that.Two friends and I just returned from lunch at Gott Gourmet cafe.  You know, the one on the corner of Magazine St. with the mist spraying outside only adding to the 2000% humidity that we biked through on this 3rd of July.  Weather and jungle-like conditions aside...
We walked in and noticed there were precisely two other tables seated at the time.  We sat ourselves, were given menus, and the server took our drink order.  He also went on quite the rant explaining a number of specials of which, i took notice of only one.. the fried catfish...$15. i'll pass.
About five minutes later our waters, beers, and my arguably strung-out and half-gay friend's Caymus chardonnay arrived.  Again, a total of 8 guests in the entire restaurant, and it's 90 degrees outside easily, one would think that waters are automatic upon sitting in said Gourmet, considering that it's July in New Orleans.  
We placed our order for three tasty-looking sandwiches and an order of fries to share.  Food was in the window on time, but sat there for a bit because our server was elsewhere chatting.  The hot Pastrami that was ordered by our "strung-out, half-gay" sat for so long that the bottom half of the bun was already soaked through with the au jus.
Midway through the first half of my sandwich, I noticed a dark, wiry hair of about two inches long perpetrating  on the bottom half of the bun.   I stopped eating the sandwich, notified our server, who had a very long, very familiar looking wiry beard.  We also noticed that one of the cooks behind the open cooking station also had no headwear.
He briefly apologized and shortly thereafter I had a new sandwich delivered to me with all apologies.  quick  note: the other cook with a hat on ran the new food to me and also apologized in a rather quiet tone to me saying he would take care of my sandwich for me.
Okay, we got a hair, but it was taken care of.  if you eat out enough or work in a restaurant long enough, it's bound to happen.  It just sucks to have it happen to you.  Regardless, I shared the second half of my new sandwich with my friends because my appetite was waning by this point.  
As my friend finished his bite of sandwich, he noticed a dark, oh no! not again, could it be, another black wiry hair!!!!!!!  I was beside myself, and so were my friends.  we called it none other than, "the late arrival."  what are the odds?  how was it possible? the lack of hats?  the long wiry beard? the mediocre service?
Our new friend was about five inches long, and sitting there smiling at us like it was in on the joke.  We all shared a hearty laugh at the sheer absurdity of the situation and notified our bearded server of the new hair adorning one of our plates.  
Immediately, our long bearded server defensively stated that he combed his beard thoroughly before each shift, so it couldn't have been his.  Did we believe him?  Does it really matter anymore to us?  At that point it was neither here nor there , it was however....HAIR.  We had received two hairs in one sitting, an egregious violation by any restaurant's standards. 
The last and most disappointing part of the meal was the check.  After two separate black wiry hairs, we were charged for our drinks, understandably; however, we were also charged for the other two sandwiches!  TWO HAIRS!!
As a courtesy and quite frankly the only way to save face in this situation is to comp at least all of the food.  is that asking too much?  I don't think so.  At that point it's a wash...if you expect any of us to return, you should at least comp all of the food.  when i was a manager at a local restaurant, i would have, and i'm upset that i wasn't treated the same by "Nott Gourmet.com."  
The three of us  and hopefully you the reader, should see no reason what-so-ever to return or patron Hair Gourmet.  As an aside, the menu is uninspired and overpriced.  Use caution, inspect your food, and watch for bicyclists.
happy eating,
-the irish channel choppas and en_oh_pd.OMG!! I've been wanting to try this place for so long for breakfast,and let me tell you, the best breakfast!!!!!! I started with a mimosa, made with fresh squeezed orange juice, soooo good. Then I had this amazing breakfast sandwich, the broken yolk sandwich. It had fried eggs, American cheese, chipotle cream cheese, and Roma tomatoes on it, and you got to choose your meat, I got the apple wood smoked bacon. It was all in between this yummy bread they call panini Roma bread. Wow that was a fattening yet delicious way to start my day, I didn't need to eat anything till dinner after that breakfast.  My mom, who I went with got these beautiful pancakes called the fresh blueberry buttermilk pancakes, they came with fresh blueberries on the inside and blueberries and strawberries on the outside, and some candies pecans sprinkled on top. They were to die for, almost like dessert. I will be making Gott Gourmet a regular spot for breakfast, I really want to try the smoked Gouda grits.Devine brunch includes St. Patty's beef hash slathered in hashed potatoes and a delectable, yet filling sauce.  Grits are uber yum, as are the biscuits and gravy.Normally, I love this place. But recently my friend and I called in an order that we would pick up. "20 minutes" replied the voice on the other end. So we get there in 15 minutes and are directed to the register to pickup and pay for our order. After a solid ten minutes of waiting at the counter. Nothing. No help no nothing. But the staff kept coming up there and using the register, not once did anyone offer to help us. Finally, we had to ask someone for our order.
After looking up our name, 'it'll be another 15 minutes'. WTH? I have a game to go to, rides to meet and i was told 20 minutes 25 minutes ago. Now another 15? So the person answering the phone forgot to put the order in the system. Great. Thanks. It's not like I was looking forward to eat before the game...we left. Hungry.Absolutely the best brunch on Magazine. The shrimp and grits are amazing and the crab omelet is perfection. Please do Uber eats so I can order your incredible food every day of my life!Gott Gourmet seems to be a pretty ordinary, pleasant kind of cafe, but they get four stars for breakfast.  The smoked gouda grits were so amazing, I didn't mind that they don't do poached eggs. The hubs was very pleased with their biscuits and gravy.  I'd definitely go back just for the grits.Very mom and pop and welcoming. Huge portions. Downsides were the price and no alcohol sales! Other than that great!I had lunch here and it was so good that I came back 2 days later for Sunday brunch. The pastrami sandwich that I had for lunch was great - good quality pastrami sliced a little thicker than usual with carmelized onions and swiss cheese. I also had a side of the ancho-honey slaw, which I now believe I am addicted to.
Brunch, though, that just sealed the deal. I ordered the Cheesy Chaurice breakfast burrito, which my husband correctly stated is "freakishly good." Chaurice sausage, cheesy hashbrowns, jalepenos, and chipotle cream cheese wrapped in a cheddar jalepeno wrap and pressed. It doesn't "come with anything" other than half a strawberry for garnish, but that's because it's all in there.  I was unsure about the addition of cream cheese to a breakfast burrito, but the chef knows what he's doing.
Just surrender.Gott Gormet was great for brunch!  The bloody mary was so good with seasoned salt on the rim of the glass and a tomato, pickle, cheese and olive garnish.  I had the veggie burrito and it was very rich, but very tasty!  I would go back any day!If you ever are in New Orleans, ggs is a must.  The staff is friendly, food is reasonably priced and best of all the food is amazing.We stopped here for lunch before getting back on the hop on/off bus tour.. We were not disappointed.
My husband had the crab and Brie omelette and I built my own omelette.. Served Delicious and hot.. Outside seating available to people watch.. Glad we got off at this stop to stroll shop and eat!While wondering Magazine Street this Saturday we came across a new restaurant called Gott Gourmet Café at Magazine & 8th Street.  What a nice surprise!  The food was fresh and original.  
I had a Cochon du Lait Cuban...taking the traditional New Orleans Cochon du Lait (pulled pork and cole slaw) and a Cuban sandwich (grilled ham, melted cheese, pickles) and combining them together.  I was the best sandwich I have had since the Cochon du Lait at Jazz Fest last May!  I also had a side of potato salad 
She has a blue corn fried oyster salad on spinach.  She loved it and raved about the cheese it had and the homemade dressing which I think she described as "so yummy".
The place is cute, it's spacious and had art work that reminded me of the House of Blues.  Very colorful and fresh.  I love all the trendy places in that area of Magazine but this place is truly original.  I would highly recommend Gott Gourmet Café!Not that impressed. I could hardly taste the soft shell crab in my Benedict as it was completely masked by the tempura breading. They also really skimped on the hollandaise sauce and I could hardly taste it either. Service was nice but ambience was not so great - like a dated diner. I was also craving a Bloody Mary but they no longer serve booze. Will not be back.I've only been here once so I"m not sure about its consistency.  However, the food is delicious!  
Came here for a weekend breakfast and ordered biscuits and gravy with a side of smoked gouda yellow grits.  The biscuits were delicious and flaky.  It reminded me of the Flying Biscuit in Atlanta (although doesn't quite beat it) and everything kind of melted in my mouth.  Carmelized onions were yum and I was overall very satisfied with my meal.  Would definitely go again to see what else the place holds.Do yourself a favor and get the fried oysters here. We stopped in for lunch right before a brewery tour at the NOLA brewery and the staff was extremely accommodating. We got in and out in less than half an hour. I had the fried oyster salad and my boyfriend got one of the special sandwiches, both of which were some of the best food we had in New Orleans so far, and the prices were extremely reasonable. The staff is super friendly and attentive, there were times when they literally ran around the restaurant to get us our food and bill in time. This is a great spot to grab a quick bite on a Friday afternoon!Great lunch place. Shrimp BLT wrap is very good. Veggie wrap was also  good, but was by then end, it was so liquidy I had to eat it with a fork and knife. Ancho honey slaw is awesome.  Jicama salad was great when I first started eating it, but the vinegar seemed to maybe overpower it just a bit.  I would definitely go here again.I went here this past Friday evening for dinner. The environment was completely different. The place was completely dead, which was a definite change in pace compared to the last time we were here. Having said that, we got a lot of extra attention from our server. He was very nice and helpful. This time around, I got what I promised my self I would order.... the Gott Salad. I also ordered the burger which was good too.... but not nearly as good as the salad. Oh my god, this had to be one of the best salads I've ever eaten in my entire life! It had components that I wouldn't normally think to put together; blueberries, strawberries, fried brie balls, bacon, raspberry vinaigrette, etc. It was amazing. I will be going back just to have this salad! If you haven't been here yet and you plan to go soon, do yourself a favor and order the Gott Salad.Amazing fried chicken club with tots leaves nothing to be question about whether you have chosen the right dish!  Crispy fried chicken smothered in cheese, bacon and the works wrapped in French bread...say what?!?!
The only thing holding back the fifth star is a little reluctance from the waitstaff to complete the experience, but all in all a can't lose lunch choice in uptown.  
Enjoy!Comfort food with a twist.
Everything here is worth trying, and you'll definitely be impressed by the portions (I suggest splitting with a friend or two!). 
I always come here for the Mac 'n' Cheese with jalapeños, bacon, and fried chicken. Does it get much better than that? No. I can just tell you that. The menu is really glorified comfort food - in a good way. I love that. The Gott Salad is a classic. Fried brie = life. The specials are ALWAYS soooo delicious sounding, it's hard to resist. 
Service can be hit or miss. They have misters outside which is amazing during the summer.First time today- 
It was pretty busy inside but no one outside so we sat down, only to get swarmed by black flies. The waitress was super nice, making the meal more enjoyable. Gott does not serve any alcohol but the waitress recommended i run across the street and pick up a drink to bring back. 
I got the veggie wrap- loaded with good veggies but overrun with sauces dripping out. I had the option of 3 different types of wraps, which is nice, and chose the plain wheat :P Oh and the wrap had avocado in it that wouldn't be edible for another few weeks- had to pick it out. Was disappointed that my wrap was not cheap and didn't come with any sides- no fries!! my boyfriend's burger came plain with nothing on it and no sides either!
All in all an okay lunch but i won't be racing back there anytime soon.
Oh, and you can only get breakfast items at brunch time so we had limited lunch options to chose from.
Disappointments:
- $8-$9 a plate for only a sandwich- no sides.
- no alcohol
- attack of the flies outside
- only 2 vegetarian options
- veggies too ripeI WAS a fan of their brunch. I understand weekends are busy and was fine with the 10-15min wait time. However, I did not appreciate having to wait almost 40 minutes for a table because someone rudely decided to sit themselves. The hostess simply allowed them to sit and skipped me and my party, by the time we got to sit they had stopped serving brunch. I will NOT be returning.Stopped in for a quick bite at breakfast... the breakfast sandwich was actually pretty good... regular diner food with quick service... no frills...Brodrick made us the best poboy in the city, and fresh cut fries with this magic seasoning. It is amazing. Best ever had. Seriously folks, this is a must stop.This is a great place for an easy crowd pleasing meal.  I recommend going for lunch and sitting outside.  No liquor license yet, but still very enjoyable.This is an amazing resteraunt!
Great food at great prices and the happy hour is amazing! 2$ drinks!!
Our waitress Lizzie was so nice and awesome and  treated us really nice.
I recommend the queso.Visited Gott Gourmet for the first time as a business brunch.
This place definitely has its pluses and minuses. 
Not being terribly hungry but not wanting to hurt anyone's feelings, I ordered 2 poached eggs, a side of bacon and an OJ. 
The OJ, when it arrived, was GIANT. That would normally be a plus so I'll treat it as one. For me, it was too much and by the time I got most of the way done with it, my stomach was burning from the acid. Not their fault at all, of course. 
So that stays a plus.
The waitstaff was a plus. Our waitress was competent and pleasant and even though we were eating outside, she kept coming out and refilling and such. So that is a plus as well.
For me, the minus was that my poached eggs came out with a very similar texture to a hockey puck. Growing up in the north, I've had 2-3 of those suckers shot at my head. Let's just say some were better aimed than others. I have to say that the hockey puck has a better texture to it. How well a place does eggs, tells me how well their cooks are trained. Whoever trained the cook to do poached eggs, might want to run a refresher course.
My co-worker was really surprised that a place with Gourmet in the name wouldn't have actual maple syrup for the pancakes since you are paying 5 bucks for two pancakes with no sides...which she described as basically, just pancakes. Nothing special about them at all.
My bosses said their food was ok, but they did mess up one of their orders. But nothing to ruin their meals over.
So yeah. Pluses and minuses. 
Over-all, it was just ok for the money. I'd actually rather eat the early-bird breakfast at the Trolley Stop.
I wouldn't recommend this place nor would I warn people away from it. I'm sure they have some fine foods. Today, everything just happened to be "Meh".Came here for lunch.  Ate the Mac N Cheese with Bacon & Fried Chicken in it. Let me begin by saying I'm not really a mac n cheese fan but Taylor our server recommended it. He was absolutely right to recommend it. It was a large enough portion that my girlfriend and I shared it. Good thing we didn't order another item. The price was not bad either. Taylor was a good server.Easy going atmosphere, had breakfast outside.  Very nice selection, traditional as well awesome spin on breakfast options. Very friendly and prompt service. Would definitely recommend.Foood is awesome, Amber our server is AMAZING, wonderful atmosphere, all the staff is great ! ! !I've been wanting to check this place out because the reviews are really good. Finally went this Sunday morning around 10:00. First off don't try to redeem the Yelp coupon for $6.00 bloody Mary, they no longer accept it. Bummer because the original price is $7.00. I guess it's that big of a deal that you loss the sale for a dollar. The the menu was mixed with both breakfast and lunch items. There were only 4-5 things to choose from so we had limited choices that were breakfast. Same thing with the sides our only choices were french fries, tater tot or salad which doesn't make me think breakfast. Maybe it's a better lunch place??  We both got the broken yoke sandwich with tater tots it was really good but maybe I set my standard for this place too high.Yelp's description of the two-star rating says it all: Meh. I went here a couple weeks ago on my birthday, while staying across the street for my 30th birthday weekend in NOLA. I originally wanted to go to another place down the street, but their wait was too long, and GG's looked like a fun place to sit outside, have some drinks, and eat brunch. Plus--no wait. Turns out the wait would come after we were seated. 
So my group of 7 was seated outside, and we tried to order mimosas but learn they no longer sell alcohol. No biggie, but they should really take down their cocktail glass-adorned sidewalk specials sign if they don't actually sell cocktails anymore. Our waiter (who we saw *maybe* four times from beginning to end) said we could BYO champagne for mimosas but had no idea where you could actually get wine. He instead pointed down the street and said he thought there was something down that way, maybe. I remembered passing a wine store on my run that morning, so my boyfriend went down the street to get some bubbles.
The two stars is primarily for the service, which started off rough and never got better. We tried to ask for water, and we wound up with two water glasses before we were forgotten about. We tried to flag down our waiter again (and again...and again...) to get more water glasses, but it took about 20 more minutes before a bus boy got us five more waters. We ordered coffee, which was never refilled. We got some appetizers, but no small plates. When my boyfriend made it back with some bubbles, we asked our waiter for mimosa fixings; he brought us glasses before disappearing again. We finally got some OJ from another staff member. Then, once our entrees were ready, our waiter brought two out...and disappeared again. We waited over 15 minutes with less than half our party actually having food until a manager came out to clear our table and see how our meal was. 
The food itself was yummy, but it could have been so much better--my mom's food was cold, and you could tell things had been sitting while our waiter was off doing who-knows-what. It wasn't busy on the inside tables, so I'm not sure where the timing trouble came from. 
Overall, it was nice to be able to sit outside and relax. However, it would have been nicer if we weren't forgotten about over and over again by a waiter who didn't seem to care at all about his outside table. Next time in NOLA, I think I'll wait *before* I get seated somewhere else.I've been here several times but only for breakfast/brunch so I'm not versed in their lunch menu. Their brunch menu has a few highlights:
1. Crab and Brie omelette. In my opinion this is the best thing that's on the base menu. Absolutely delicious.
2. Rotational Benedict. They do a Benedict special on Saturdays and Sundays. This can range from crab cake Benedict (my favorite thing they serve) 
EDIT: favorite has been replaced by the duck confit Benedict 
to fried oyster Benedict (not a huge fried oyster guy but it's pretty damn good). Really depends on what you get that day.
3. Weekend brunch times. They only serve breakfast until 12 on Saturday. Call me lazy but I've missed this a few times. They serve it until 3 on Sunday which is much more manageable.
4. Breakfast drinks. Good Bloody Mary, but a variety of mimosa flavors that all seem to taste the same. They can also do Irish coffee which has a special place in my heart.
Pair all of that with good service and a couple good breakfast burritos and this makes for a solid weekend brunch (if you're up in time). 4 stars!The corner location was inviting and the queue in the front looked like it was popular.  We were seated outside quickly per our request.  I really wzntex to like this p,ace, but felt thzt almoxt every menu item just went one ingepredient too far.  This is NOLA after all, the land of decadence.  However, I was hoping this looked like a bit more gourmet.  Gooc meal for  oth, but just "too much".This is a great brunch place.  On a nice day go and sit outside on the patio and you can just people watch and enjoy everything going on down Magazine.
I've had the pancakes which were a sizable portion and delicious.  I also got a side of the cheese grits.  Very good southern style grits would highly recommend giving them a try.  My boyfriend got the breakfast burrito stuffed with eggs, cheese and veggies.  This was probably one of the best I've had in a while.  
The service was good, she always kept our coffee full.  It is a nice casual spot, never had to wait for a table, but we also went a little later around 2.  Parking can be a little tricky on the weekends due to its great location on Magazine, but just have patience and something will open up.This place is good. Though I came to the table and my coke was not in my glass. The food was good but they lost the one star becuse no defended my drink. But Lizzie was the best waitress we have had in the city. She's really nice. If we went back I would want her to be our waitress againBrunch on NY day was delicious! I had one of their specials which featured shrimp and lump crab meat on top of eggs Benedict. Servers were useful when we needed help placing our baby and his car seat, and also accommodating to special requests on our food. Their cocktail menu was interesting and reasonably priced. They do not take reservations and we were lucky enough to make it there before it got hectic.This was my first time there and  hope to come back soon.This place was amazing. I had plans for rum
House last week but walked by Gigi's and saw the Mac and cheese, so I came back the next day. I was not disappointed. The Mac and cheese was life changing. The portion was so big, I could barely finish it. I will be back as soon as I'm back in New Orleans.Great food and great service. We went for dinner and the place is cute, the staff energetic and welcoming and the food comfort meets contemporary!!OMG, we went to GG's for dinner yesterday and everything was excellent!  My husband had the meatloaf and I had the grilled chicken salad.  Both were fantastic and we can't wait to go back.Wait was long but the food was worth it. 
Fantastic breakfast/brunch food. Bloody maries were notable as well, though I'm sure New Orleans has no shortage of good Bloody Mary options. 
We were a table of four and everyone had a nibble of one another's' order and I can honestly say that I liked everything that came out. 
If you're patient, you'll be happy once you sit down. If you can't stand a possible 30 minute wait at a bar or out front in some fine weather, it may be best to shuffle on down Magazine elsewhere.Mmmmmmmmmmm!  This is the perfect breakfast place.  On a Sunday at 10 am after seeing the line outside of Slim Goodies, we walked into this place expecting a wait, but there was none.  We were immediately seated by a really friendly host who knew we needed a highchair without having to ask, which was nice.  A really nice, happy server greeted us very quickly and made excellent recommendations.  The strawberry mimosa was sooooo good, and much larger than a traditional mimosa.  I ordered something with eggs, crab meat, asparagus, brie and hollandaise.  It wasn't the best breakfast I had ever had, but it was good and it was really creative.  And everything I so other people ordering looked fabulous, too.  I really liked that they were big into reusing products and recycling.  There's not many places I have been that advertise that.  They took just the perfect amount of time with our food to where we weren't rushed, but we weren't gnawing at each others fingers.  There were lots of families here so I didn't feel bad about having a baby there.  Also the room was full of windows, and they kept the doors wide open because it was breezy, which made for a perfect lazy Sunday morning feel.  I loved it and I can't wait to go back!Not to be missed! Thoughtfully designed interior, immaculate, excellent menu and execution and great pricing. We went for breakfast on the week-end.
I had the crab, brie, asparagus omelet with brandy-lobster sauce and it was perfect. My date had the cherise sausage, jalapeno and pimento cheese hash brown- tomato basil wrap Both had a complexity of flavor and texture that were clearly chef planned and nicely presented The menu is full of creative offerings and I am planning many more visits.My husband and I ate brunch at the bar on Sunday and had a great experience! The Irish coffee was delishhhh. We got the crab cake special and shrimp and grits which were both very tasty. Service was excellent. My only issue was that they no longer had the special that was posted on facebook, which is why we went there. Other than that, it was perfect.Was walking by on Fat Tuesday looking for a place to eat.  The bloody mary was ok, nothing noteworthy.  The food was ok, again nothing special.  The service was less than great - it seemed as if my presence was a nuisance.  Not sure why I left a tip given the fact I ordered and paid at the cash register, each of the food items ordered came up at different times, and it was left to me to recognize what food was mine as it came up and go get it off the line.  Almost seemed like I should have been wearing the apron rather than the disinterested employee who was "host/waitress".  There are far better places in New Orleans so next time I'll just keep walking by.Ate breakfast  here for Easter...good gumbo, but for me I like to have a little seafood  stock in it, and this didn't  have  it. My wife loved it, so it's  just a matter  of taste.  The biscuits are quite  possibly  the best I've ever had. I opted for just a standard breakfast. Eggs were cooked correctly,  grits good, though  I would  have liked to get them without  the cheese. The sausage was ok, could have used  a touch more salt. My wife got the shrimp  and grits...no complaints  there. All in all we will probably  be back.Shoutout to our awesome waitress Lizzie
#lizzierocks
First place we found all after noon that was good for adults and kids. 
The happy hour is super affordable and really tasty 
YUMWe stopped here the final day of a trip in New Orleans for some lunch with next to no expectations.  Having tasted three of their sandwiches I was blown away by how simple they were, but how great they tasted.  The staff was also very nice too.  A surprisingly great spot for lunch!Reading a bunch of mixed reviews of Gott made me think real hard about my review. I had to deal with the disconnect between my love for this restaurant and some of the small negatives (iffy waits, a bit too pricey). Let me repeat though.... I love this restaurant. 
One Star - Gott is located very conveniently on Magazine St... also conveniently close to my house. 
Two Stars - Gott's oyster dishes are exquisite. The oyster salad and the smothered po boy panini are two dishes that I have never seen replicated anywhere else and really define this restaurant as a cultural fusion between New Orleans standbys and modern cuisine (to go). 
Three Stars - Their lunch/dinner menu is fantastic. It has variety and kitschiness that makes it pop. I have not been that wild about the brunch menu, although I had a mean shrimp and grits last weekend. 
Minus One Star - Gott can get a bit pricey, but you are paying for high-end sandwiches. So, don't be surprised by your bill. 
Minus Two Stars - Waits can get a bit ridiculous, but I have never had a rude or off putting experience here. Hang out around Magazine St and give them a chance. 
Plus One Bonus Star - I can't give this three stars. Gott is a must if you are down around Magazine. 
I hope this erratic review helps bridge the disconnect between many people's love for Gott and some people's complaints. Additionally, I hope this  appropriately explains my love for this establishment.Had some friends in town today and wanted a quick bite to eat before the NOLA Brewery tour, so we decided to give it a shot.
I was pleasantly surprised with the menu options. My boyfriend opted for the vienna hot dog on a poppyseed bun (I was jealous), I had a pretty sore throat so I went for their mushroom bisque soup (a little too oily, but pretty tasty), my friends got the shrimp wrap and the mini tomato mozzarella sandwiches. 
Wasn't blown away by anything in particular, but I'd still like to go back and check out their tasty looking breakfast menu.
Overall we had a good, quick experience, moderately priced, and left satisfied.One of my biggest disappointments in New Orleans. I came here for breakfast Sunday morning and ordered their pancakes. The pancakes were good and the service was also good. However, they don't have maple syrup to serve with their pancakes..... Who serves pancakes without maple syrup? All they offered were package of "breakfast syrup" made out of corn syrup. If they skimp on something like maple syrup what else are they skimping on when it comes to all of their other dishes? I wouldn't eat here again.We were on the list at Atchafalaya for a 90 minute wait, and took our bloody marys for a walk.  After passing many very attractive restaurants, we decided to try out GG's.  The server even opened the door to welcome us in, really friendly.  The bloody marys here were nice and thick, which I prefer, and could have used a bit more spice/flavor, but were good overall.  The loaded tater tots are decadent and incredible with hot sauce.  I had shrimp and grits, and they were so yummy and classic, but with a lobster sauce that was really delicious.  My boyfriend had a broken yolk sandwich with Dr. Pepper ham, he was to the moon satisfied and we are so full, it is nap time now.  Really lovely breakfast, thoroughly enjoyed.While in the Garden District last night I hit up Gott Gourmet again.
I had a Caesar Salad and the St. Patty's Day Massacre (it's a corned beef sandwich complete w/ fries in the sandwich).  All of the items on the menu are all somewhat classic items with some sort of a twist on the classic (like the Reuben w/ fries).  The Caesar has a nice artichoke-Caesar dressing...again a little twist on the classic Caesar
I also noticed I had a nice wi-fi single on my iPhone so that's always a plus too!I had the fried chicken on biscuits with gravy. My wife had a variety of sides, including the cheesy grits. Good comfort food, but nothing I couldn't find it a place like Mena's, that was tastier and less expensive.Holy Wow! The brunch here was fantastic. My hubby and I were in visiting from Orlando and ended up here completely unexpected after the sandwich place we planned on going to wasn't serving lunch b/c of the football game.
I had the PB&J French toast, it was to die for. Everything was incredibly fresh, the service was great and the prices were good (I think this was the cheapest meal we had the entire trip.). Will definitely be back next year.Picture it...
I wake up at 12:30pm. 2011. New Year's Day. I could still feel the weight of my (awesome!) New Year's Eve festivities (read: hungover). 
Less than bright-eyed, and far from bushy-tailed, I made plans with 2 friends to go to Gott Gourmet. I had never been there before. I had heard good things, but really, the way I was feeling, anything solid would have sufficed.
Since only breakfast was being served that day, I ordered one of my favorite dishes... The Shrimp and Grits.... well their shrimp and grits was called JUMBO SHRIMP AND SMOKED GOUDA ORGANIC YELLOW GRITS. Quite a mouthful, indeed!
Well... you know that overrated scene in When Harry Met Sally, when Meg Ryan (Sally) simulates an orgasm. THAT. ALL OF THAT... was happening inside my head when I took my first bite. I tried to hold it in best I could, but a few moans and growns escaped as I ate my fill....
And speaking of fill... the portion was so very large. I took a lot of it home and was able to eat filling portions of it for 2 more meals.
And let me tell you, even at two days old, and after being nuked in the microwave for a minute or two, I was still moaning and growning with good foodgasmic delight. Plus, since I was home, I could express my delight as loudly as I wanted. 
And I can only hope that my freedom of expression traveled so far as to prompt my (somewhat nosey) neighbors to exclaim...
"I'll have what she's having!"Excellent food prepared fresh and quick! Would highly recommend the Mac N' it southern style or their daily specials! The eggs Benedict were amazing!Yum.  I'd leave it at that if it was helpful:)
Gott Gourmet has wonderful food!  My husband and I decided to walk to the restaurant for lunch the other day and we were not disappointed.  I ordered a Honey Smoked Turkey BLT (on a croissant...mmm) and a cucumber-jicama salad.  Excellent!  My husband ordered the Cochon de Lait Cuban Panini and he loved it.  The atmosphere is bright and cheerful and it smells wonderful when you walk inside.  I can't wait to go back for breakfast!  
Prices are a little high but comparable to similar magazine street resaturants...it was about $12-14 per person.  Unlike previous reviewers, the service was fine and properly attentive (yes they were busy but the server made it back to the table a sufficient number of times). Hours are kind of weird (and shorter on weekends) so call ahead before you go.Super disappointing! We had gone for the Shrimp and Grits  We arrived at 11:45 and were told we could not get the breakfast menu.  So we were relegated to the lunch menu and ended up having so-so sandwiches and salads.  The server was lame as well.  Yes, we're tourists but we deserved decent service.  Do yourself a favor and skip this place and go to Surrey's.There was a 45 minute wait at the Rum House, but glad we landed here instead.  Much quieter and the service was friendly and quick. My husband loved the meatloaf which came with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  We shared a small bowl of very good gumbo and I had a large green salad with berries and added shrimp.  Excellent!  We both took half of our dinners home for lunch the next day.Best shrimp & grits in existence! Would love to review other dishes but this one's so good just couldn't bring myself to order anything else!  You won't be disappointed.I was strolling down Magazine St. craving some brunch and just happened upon this place. My friend was taking a nap so I was doing the Nola tourist thing solo that afternoon. I popped my head in, and seeing that it looked like a small diner-type restaurant, I decided that I wouldn't feel too awkward eating a meal alone. (I'm not one to usually do the brave task of dining solo.)
This place is a small seat-yourself joint. After looking at menu, I couldn't decide what I wanted so I decided to go a la carte and build my own brunch. I ordered a poached egg, a biscuit with brie cheese, and a side of fruit. My waitress was super sweet and helpful.
I really wasn't expecting much when I ordered my food, but when my meal arrived I was impressed. The presentation was great, and they had turned my order into an eggs Benedict style brunch. The fruit side was HUGE which was also impressive. The food not only looked great, but it tasted even better. So good!! And the best part of all: including a drink, my meal was under TEN DOLLARS. Very impressive accomplishment in New Orleans. 
If you're in the Uptown district shopping and sightseeing, definitely pop in this cute little place for a fantastic brunch that is very affordable to boot!!Do NOT go there for brunch unless you enjoy waiting for twenty minutes for terrible service and over-cooked and over-priced food. I had the crab and brie omelet and the eggs were dry and the sauce on top of it cold. There was only one tablespoon of crab and a slither of brie and two mangy asparagus, all for the lovely price of $14.00. I suggest trying some of the other brunch places on Magazine who are comparable on price but higher quality food and service.I love Gott Gourmet!  The fries are great and luckily you're served up a heaping portion. 
Favorites: Gott Salad (fried brie?! how can you go wrong?) and the Shrimp BLT wrap
The breakfast is great too, biscuits and mushroom gravy! yum! 
The service was friendly, nice outdoor seating.Great breakfast and love the mozzarella panini with a side of potato salad! Mmmm ! I really do enjoy this spot, but they don't put neat the same care in their takeout as in house eating. Also, being a vegetarian it was a bit disappointing to receive my panini one afternoon that had been cut down the middle with the same knife used to cut a very meaty sandwich (some type of corned beef maybe?) they fixed it right away after the waitress informed the chef and he made a quick eye roll :) eh , sorry ! Not really...We waited 18 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Then the waiter was angry at us because we complained... they were not even busy. The food is extremely overpriced and I will never come back to this pit of doom restaurant. The sign out front says BYOB but really it should be being your own service because no one will even bring you a water.I was very pleased with the two dishes that I ordered: the smothered oyster po boy and loaded gumbo.  
The fried oysters in the po boy were plump, served warm, and not overly-greasy, perhaps due to the fact that they were flash fried rather than deep fried.  This po boy was not traditional because it was topped with a creamy coleslaw.  Putting a new spin on old favorites can be challenging, but Gotts got it right.  
The loaded gumbo was indeed loaded, and each spoonful had several chunks of seafood, meat, or sausage floating in it.  I didn't read the menu well and couldn't figure out what was the white cream that was served on top.  Turns out, it was potato salad.  Like the po boy, the gumbo did not have the traditional flavor that I'm used to, but the unique and unexpected tangy and creamy flavor worked.Visited this place a few weeks ago for breakfast. I ordered the broken egg sandwich and I gotta say, it was the best breakfast sandwich I've tasted yet. The bread was fresh and toasty, and the sandwich itself was surprisingly large. I will definitely be visiting again and try some other optionsOMG! I hate using cheesy text abbreviations, but I just may have found my favorite new place to eat lunch and now they serve breakfast on the weekends! OMG!!!! 
The first time I went, I nearly pee'd in my pants! I got the cochon de lait panini with the cucumber salad. Phenomenal! So savory, so pleasing to my palate that I was in love already with this place and it's open and funky styling. I've been back since, and let me tell ya', this is damned good gourmet lunch. The pearl po-boy (gawd I love oysters!!!) and the pulled pork wrap will also put your taste buds on high alert! Just what I needed, another great place to eat within walking distance on those nice weather days...I love my neighborhood! 
Be prepared jazz fest peeps, we're eating here one day!!!Not that great no favor I order the yolk sandwich and a order of tenders for my son had no favor on none my daughter order the crab omelette and they had alot of hard shells crab in itthe cochon de lait panini is as good as it gets! unless you add a side of fries...then it's betterMy favorite place that I dined during my trip to NOLA.   If I ever meet Chef David Gotter I am probably going to kiss him for creating his Shrimp BLT Wrap.   Tabasco butter jumbo shrimp... apple wood smoked bacon.... mozzarella... avocado...  organic greens... CHIPOTLE CREAM CHEESE.   
I also had some of the the Fried Chicken Club which was nothing to scoff at either.    A friend had a bowl of the Soup du Jour  -- a chilled Asparagus Bisque with crab meat and parmesan.    Another personalized the Grilled Vegetable Wrap by adding fried oysters.  Everyone enjoyed the experience thoroughly.We've only been there once. 
We had lunch there with another couple yesterday.
2 1/2 stars.
Food was good.
Service was so-so - as other reviewers have mentioned. It was kind of crazy because the place wasn't crowded at all. It seemed like the wait staff didn't care about us and/or forgot about us.
As for the food itself. 
I had a veggie wrap which was quite tasty. 
My wife had a mozzarella panini which she said was greasy and not that great.
Bottom line - at least for us. 
If we are in the area and Cafe Rani is packed, we might give them another try. 
Or maybe we'll just walk across the street to Sucre and have gelato instead. ;)I loved it for lunch when it was called Gott Gourmet and worried that the new name it wouldn't be as good. Wrong, just as good or better. I was blown away by brunch. Best eggs Benedict I've ever had. I could have licked the plate. Amazing bloody Mary's and fresh squeezed OJ.For some reason it took forever to sit, even with available tables, something about the kitchen being backed up.  It is really silly to make people stand around because of the kitchen.  I would much rather wait as long with a drink at my table than stand awkwardly at the hostess stand. 
The tomato soup and curry chicken salad was excellent. A little pricey for what it is, but the combinations of flavors are worth a try. This would be great for a casual lunch date with a couple of friends.Live pretty close to Gott Gourmet and have ate lunch here a few times. The food is pretty good, but nothing mind blowing and it's a bit expensive for what it is.  The staff and service overall in my experiences has been good, and nothing to complain about. If you're shopping in Magazine and feel the need for a something a bit lighter, it isn't a bad plae. 
I have heard that there breakfasts (weekends only) is the time to come, but have not made it yet.This place was just OK. I would definitely try it again for breakfast, because what I saw of the breakfast menu looked good, but sadly my friends and I got there after they stopped serving it. Dammit!
Anyway, after being told that there was a 20-25 minute wait to be seated inside, we decided to just grab a table outside. They have these nice misters and it's under the nice, shady overhang, so it was pleasant despite the heat. 
I ordered the mozzarella panini, my girlfriend ordered a burger, and our friend ordered the cochon de lait cuban. 
They both really enjoyed their choices, but mine was a little lacking. First of all, when I order a panini I expect something toasty and piping hot. My sandwich was room temperature, and the cheese wasn't even melted. Secondly, I had to eat it with a fork and knife because the bread was so lopsided. It's like whoever sliced the bread and put it together didn't care if the pieces of bread actually matched up. The bottom slice wasn't big enough to hold all of the sandwich contents in. It was really weird.
That being said, it was tasty and the ingredients seemed fresh.
The service was fine, nothing to really note either negatively or positively. Our waitress was nice, but seemed a bit overworked. I would definitely return here if someone suggested it, but perhaps would not go out of my way to try it again.Cochon de lait cuban sandwich  Awesome, must have before you die.3.5/5 get the right ones!
so i've been here a couple/few times and it's been good each time. most recent memory was that chicken sandwich in the panko. they cook it just right where the chicken was still moist and cooked through, but the panko wasn't burned! magic. i did that thing where i saved half the sandwich, pretending i'd eat it for dinner. but really i ate it right when i got home. teehee!Went on a weekend, it wasn't packed...which is abnormal.  Had a mimosa (typical), the fruit pancakes (delicious), and half a ham burrito (great for a hangover).  The burrito was huge, and very splittable between two, maybe three people. Service was good and prices are reasonable for what you get.  I don't know if I would have been willing to wait an hour like I've seen some do.  They don't serve lunch until a certain time of day, so just be warned.This is such a pleasant place to have lunch. I absolutely enjoyed it. First off I got to meet a fabulous waiter named Aladdin who calls a glass a water "A glass of Mississippi water with a touch of sunshine" (or something along that line) which made me smile and got our visit off to a great start! I tried a oyster appetizer which consisted of fried oysters with a sauce which was beyond amazing! I also had some macaroni and cheese that pretty much wanted me to sing  "A Whole New World". I'm not sure why this song but that is what their macs and cheese did to me. Truly great food and service. Definitely check them out. Great location for a lunch date.I think the expectation of gourmet food at a small, corner, almost diner style cafe/restaurant is a little high.  Maybe the gourmet part is just a joke?  Either way, this place was pretty good.  
I got the Shrimp BLT wrap and slaw.  Both were very good.  Everything had great taste and flavor and the service was fast and friendly.  I will definitely go back sometime in the near future to try other items on the menu, all of which sounded equally appetizing.  
Not going to comment on what the others at the table had.  One friend had a bowl of gumbo, which didn't look all that great although I did not try it.   Another friend had the crab cake salad, which was a special.  It looked pretty good, but not my kind of thing.Not bad, but not great. We went there for brunch with hopes of enjoying this place. 
We both got something on the menu that they were New Orleans style dishes. She wasn't happy with her dish ( read about it here http://www.yelp.com/biz/gott-gourmet-cafe-new-orleans#hrid:mZFFVcjqg5ezpcYSyZCLpw ) and I wasn't thrilled with my dish either. I had shrimp and grits. I understand that some recipes call for tail on shrimp, but I don't care for that. I don't want to pick up the shrimp, which were covered in grits and sauce, in order to get all the shrimp out. 
I felt my dish was a little underseasoned and was a little over-priced. La petite grocery has a brunch worth waiting for, this place was not worth the 20 minute wait.
I doubt we will ever go back.Great place for Brunch!
I had the Shrimp and Grits and it was was delicious!
It's a nice place in the Garden District and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. The prices were exactly what you would expect for what you get. A delicious and filling meal that satisfied my craving for a great Southern style meal in the morning.Food was okay not what I was expecting from other reviews. Went in on a rainy Friday before noon. Dissapointed that they only serve from a limited menu on the weekends. Come on guys this is a foodie town and it's not our busy season. Pricey for a brunch place ($14 sandwich).  Shrimp and grits were bland and nothing to be wowed about, small portion and very few shrimp to justify $18 Food slow to come out. 22 minutes on a rainy Friday and we were the ONLY table.  Not horrible but not great either.Went for brunch and LOVED IT! My boyfriend and I each got a breakfast burrito, however they were large enough for us to split, and we were very hungry. They were delicious! Irish coffee was very good, mimosas were a little over priced, and our server did an amazing job considering she was the only one working at 11 a.m. on a Wednesday. Great price in the Garden District!I've only been here for breakfast and brunch, so I can't say anything about dinner here...but the morning food is amazing.
My best friend raved about Gott Gourmet for weeks and I finally couldn't resist anymore, so we went. Guess what? She was right.
Here's the breakdown:
Food
Amazing brunch dishes. Shrimp and Grits are sooo good...they've got tasso in em, too...so there's more than just the average S&G flavor...there's less grits than I'm used to- but that's not a bad thing because there's more than enough food in total (some places, the grits-to-other-stuff ratio is skewed heavily toward the grits)
The crab and brie omelet is also quite good...or you can make your own omelet combination from a long list of potential ingredients (shrimp! truffle oil! do those go together? who cares! try it anyway!)
The specials are always quite yummy and often creative- pulled pork benedict, for example.
Service
The service has been pretty good every time we've been here. The waitstaff is attentive, and the estimate for the wait is fairly accurate.
Atmosphere
Upscale casual. Not divey or wildly unusual at all... the indoors is comfortably crowded but not so much that you can't move. Outside on a nice day is lovely- and the misters and fans help keep things comfy.
Kid Friendliness
They're cool with kids. They give them crayons and such so boredom won't set in while waiting for the food.  They also do some small portions of things- so you can get just a single pancake or two scrambled eggs and don't have to get a huge meal for a toddler or preschooler whose stomach isn't all that big yet...
Hours
This is where it gets tough... Saturday breakfast is only until noon...which feels weird because seriously, sometimes I want eggs and bacon at 2 pm... and this is a town with a lot of places that serve brunch both weekend days. Sunday brunch is til 3- and they ONLY serve brunch Sunday, so don't go in at 1 expecting to be able to get something resembling a lunch meal (no salad, no sandwiches on Sundays)... I've been sad at the fact that "darn it, Gott's isn't serving breakfast right now" enough times that this has become a problem... if you aren't one to crave breakfast at 1 pm, then this won't be an issue for you...
Overall- if you're craving brunch and it's Sunday or Saturday before noon...Gotts won't disappoint.Roscoe who?? Chicken and waffles were amazing!! Highly recommend!I had breakfast and hubby had lunch.
My biscuits and gravy was delicious.
My hubby had gumbo. I tried it.
Gumbo was also delicious.
Friendly service.Best reuben sandwich EVER! They call it the St. Valentine's Day Massacre... and it's delicious! Soft, thick rye bread with tender corned beef and their own flair: mustard with sriracha sauce and a couple wedge fries in the mix. I wish I lived closer. I was visiting New Orleans and walked a few blocks off the St. Charles streetcar line to get there, but it was worth it! Nice service too.I had the Chaurice sausage burrito. It was delicious. It has cheesy hashbrowns, chipotle cream cheese. I think I am going to become a regular at this place. I enjoyed my experience, lots of flavor in my meal.My family and I are visiting here from San Diego and we are SOOOO in love with this place. 
The service here was incredible and the food was outstanding. We wish we could enjoy a place like this in San Diego. 
We split the bacon cheeseburger sliders, the 7 cheese Mac n cheese, ham & Brie eggs Benedict, and the Cochon Cubano. We split it between the 4 of us and we are so stuffed. 
The prices are super adorable too. We will be back for more before we leave back to SD!When my friend and I were in here, I could not understand why this restaurant does not have at least an overall 4 stars. We got our app, which was a chorizo cheese dip with tortilla chips. There was WAY too much dip! The was bigger than my hand. Anyway, I really enjoyed my sandwich, and so did my friend. My other problem was this-- we were the ONLY people in the restaurant and our waitress did not come to refill my friend's water once. We could see her chopping lemons the whole time, and she never came up to see if we needed anything. This place is not dreadful, but I can understand why the ratings are so low. I would probably come here again.The food is really good.  Never had a bad meal.  The gumbo is very different... loaded with shrimp, chicken, sausage... very good.  I like it without mashed potatoes though.  If you get it served over those, be prepared for misery later.I am giving this restaurant 2 stars on shear benefit of the doubt. 
After hearing so many good things about this restaurant, my girlfriend and I decided to try it out. We walked into GG on a not so busy Saturday afternoon and were seating at a table. The decor was very nice, and the big windows let the sun shine in, lighting up the walls and creating a wonderful New Orleans atmosphere. 
However, we sat there for over 20 minutes w/ there being only one other occupied table in the restaurant. waitresses walked past us as though we weren't there. Finally, we decided to leave, because it is not my duty to tell you to do your job and wait on me. I don't plan on setting foot back in the place. One good thing came of that visit - viewing their menu, I saw that their main food is hot dogs... and I can do that at home for way under $8.This is way far from gourmet. Hair on my salad. Grilled shrimp was all burnt. Fries were disgustingly greasy. Service was terrible. Not going back!!!The four-star rating is based on the consistently good, sometimes incredible food I've had at Gott Gourmet. Most recently, I enjoyed the shrimp BLT wrap and ceasar salad, which were both excellent. My dining companions really enjoyed their gumbo and oyster po'boy paninis. 
The not-so-consistent service keeps me from giving Gott Gourmet a 5-star rating. Sometimes the service is ok, others...not so much. One of us ordered a sandwich, which was never delivered. We had to bring it to the staff's attention twice before the issue was resolved; and everyone else had finished their food, by the time the sandwich finally arrived. Refills were also hard to come by. Our server was friendly, which helped.
The food will keep me coming back. It is just too good to turn my back on. Hopefully the service was just the result of an off day.2 things I have to say about this place: 
1. Best Mac n Cheese in the great city of New Orleans! Mac'n It Southern style... Mother of all things holy, it's good. I would marry it if it lasted 20 min on my plate and it were legal to do so. 
2. One of my top 10 brunch spots. Never disappointed in the food or in their Irish coffees (I always ask for extra Irish). I usually try and get whatever special Benedict they have cooking up and I'm never disappointed. 
Only downfall is if you're trying to get your brunch buzz on, I'd go down the street if you're not ready to spend a little more here.I was all about this place until a bad experience recently; I talked it up and recommended it to people constantly. But on Friday afternoon, I went in with 2 friends for lunch and ordered a cheeseburger and fries, which I'd had before and LOVED. I mean, the burger had been cooked perfectly medium-med rare, and the fries were crisp and delicious. So I had picked this place for lunch specifically so I could relive that wonderful burger experience. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. The burger was acceptable, but that was the best of it. The LTO set up on the side was pathetic, bordering on stomach-turning; a sad, wilted pile of mixed greens topped with two pieces of tomato, one of which literally looked as if it had been chewed on and spit out, the other which was the small end piece including the stem spot. As if that weren't unappetizing enough, the side of French fries had to be the limpest, most disgusting I have ever come across. Everyone at the table commented on how bad they were, and I even boxed them up to bring home and show my boyfriend, because I knew he'd never believe me after the great food we've had there!
I realize I'm using a lot of negative superlatives here, and I wish I was exaggerating, but this really was a) the worst food I've had at Gott Gourmet, b) the worst burger & fries I've had in ages, and c) the worst food experience I've had anywhere in recent memory. I mean, I've worked in restaurants for 10 years now and I truly could not believe the line cook put that stuff out, and that the server delivered it to the table. I almost laughed when he set it all down with a straight face. I'm allotting them 3 stars since I've had so many wonderful past experiences there. But, with this awful stumble in food quality, I don't plan to go back and gamble my money on their consistency any time soon.Great for a quick bite.  I had the St. Patty's Day Massacre with a side of french fries.  The Massacre consists of a sandwich filled with corned beef, cheese, cole slaw, french fries etc etc etc.  Pour on a little Louisiana hot sauce and the meal is complete!Gott good taste? Gott hunger? Gott the lust for the ultimate veggie wrap or salad? Well, I Gott Gourmet for you, mes amigos! 
By the way, I'll have you know I'm thrilled that the "Gott" part has nothing to do with those dreadful dairy industry commercials. I have to admit that made me initially give pause when I first heard of GG when I moved into town 7 months ago. 
But I gott over it. 
(I'm sorry... it'll never end, I fear!)
Yep, I  finally gott here last night, when I heard that they were a participating restaurant in the Louisiana SPCA Pause For Dinner evening.
and I gott some wine (all were $5 measly dollars last night)
and I gott the aforementioned *Ultimate* (my name for it) veggie wrap that is so modestly named. 
and I gott excited over how damn good it is. They allow for you to choose your tortilla (I picked whole wheat, but there were two others that sounded equally amazing). The wrap is filled with a little bit of everything (fearing overkill, I left off the chipotle cream cheese), such as baby spinach, avocado, grilled carrots and more that I can't think about now lest I run the mile plus to Gott Gourmet and get another. I especially loved how the tortilla wasn't overwhelming the ingredients. It's thin and barely there.
GOTTa problem, yes I do.
(side note: I loved our server. She handled our group of 6 with aplomb. AND split checks. AND my next door neighbor, Aladdin, is the bartender here and he's all around awesome, so, between the staff, the food and just about everything else, they GOTT a fan in Joi B).FYI: checked in for $6 Bloody Mary and they refused saying it was no longer effective. Even though on Yelp there was no expirationMade my first visit to this wonderful restaurant. A place for quality food that comes along with attentive service. 
Enjoyed the Honey Smoked Turkey Breast BLT. This selection was very good and flavorful. A friend ordered the French Fries and I could not resist them. 
Tea and soft drinks glasses were filled without asking. Clean, roomy, good food and even better service will mean I shall return.I wish the food had more substance for the price. The service was ok but not spectacular.Went for lunch and had a Chicago dog. Solid and reasonably priced. Seemed like a solid diner despite the ridiculous "Gourmet" in the name. Putting gourmet in your name is the equivalent of putting "classy" in a Craigslist singles posting. Not classy. Anyways... went back for brunch and waited 20 minutes for some dry-ass pancakes with plastic containers of Knotts brand syrup on the side, and a broken egg sandwich with some unmelted velveeta cheese, and grey undercooked sausage. P.S. Whatever you think "panini bread" is-- that ain't it. That's like calling something "sandwich bread". But for the record: typically panini bread is focaccia btw. Also you should reconsider charging FOUR DOLLARS for an ice coffee. You bought it wholesale- didn't even brew it yourself. NOT COOL. It's a wrap.I've been here for both Brunch and dinner (during a bar crawl) and both times I was impressed. Te service is a little slow but unless you are starving or in a rush it shouldn't matter. I would suggest trying out this place!This place is the best kept brunch secret on Magazine! The food is innovative and delicious. We live in the hood and I confess it took me more than a year to try this place because the name is so stupid-- "GG's" is just not appealing and "dine O rama" doesn't inspire confidence. Embarrassingly, I even tried "another broken egg" first-- yawn. 
But wow, GGs. It's the best breakfast on magazine, easy. I'm conflicted about writing this cause there's never a wait.... But they deserve the business. They clearly put a lot of heart into the food, and it shows. Amazing. With some musical tweaks it'd be flawless.The fried oyster spinach salad with honey vinagrette dressing is perfect!  
The cuban panini really should be called giant loaded cuban sandwich.   As a huge sandwich it is great, but if you were in the mood for a Panini you might feel overwhelmed when you get the huge sloppy joe like sandwich.  When I think panini I think a dense crusty bread that is crisp and pressed flat and with a lesser amount and more flavorful filling.  Maybe a panini style cuban sandwich should have less more flavorful pulled pork and thin proscutto instead of so huge and loaded with ham.   Or maybe just renaming it a huge sandwich and not really a panini would do it.  (a great proscutto panini is at a movie at canal place actually)I don't know why this place changed their name because the menu is still the same. I usually end up here because I'm nearby, and is undecided with what I want to eat. Not much here really stands out, but it is fresh and comforting. I do like the gumbo. Its got a great blend of spices and is served with a scoop of potato salad instead of rice. It sounds weird, but it is really good. 
Happy hour is weekdays 4-9 pm. $2 beer $5 wine.Had lunch here with the lovely Le Thu last week, and it was the first time I've ever been to Gott Gourmet. We had a pretty late lunch, around 1:30, so it wasn't packed when we were there. The service seemed really slow, but that might be because I got there a few minutes late, so the waitress had already been to our table. Not sure. It wasn't a big deal, because I enjoyed chatting, but eventually I started to think you were supposed to go order at the counter or something. 
The sandwich I had (fried catfish club) was fantastic, but I wouldn't order it again. It was too big. This probably doesn't bother most people, but I'm really not a fan of GIANT sandwiches that I can't fit in my freaking mouth, so now that I know it's enormous, I won't try to eat it again. Oh well. I'll definitely keep an eye out for other opportunities to get janko? panko? whatever fried catfish. It's pretty awesome that way. 
We sat at our table for a long time, and they never made us feel like we needed to leave. Even a third person eventually joined us after we'd already paid the bill, and the waitress was there right away to see if we needed more drinks. Which was pretty awesome. 
Overall, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, since it's on the other end of the earth from where I live. (i.e. It's uptown.) However, I'm really curious about their breakfast, so I want to check it out someday and try their grits. I believe the waitress told me they only do breakfast on Saturday and Sunday, though. Might want to confirm that.I had a sandwich like no other from Gott Gourmet. If you don't do anything else you need to try the Cochon De Lait Cuban Panini!  Pull pork and Dr. Pepper baked ham on a sandwich is seriously no joke!!!! its so yummy.
This is a great place to grab lunch on the weekend while doing some magazine shopping. Its cute and small very intimate. Love it it.Granted - busy Sunday morning so 30 mins to get a table.... no problem.  Placed order quickly.  Complained after 30 mins that it seemed to be taking long.  No periodic updates or apologies or acknowledgement of slow service.  Others who were seated after us getting served food.  Left after 45 mins, manager arguing with me that it is a fine dining experience that takes time and that it was impossible that our order did not go in sequentially... Whatevs - will not return.  Ruined what could have been a nice Sunday Mag St experience.Bleh. Great service but weak coffee and mushy, bland food. I was craving a good breakfast and my dreams were dashed once my food was brought out. No wonder why no one else was there the entire time I was.I love the variety in the menu ranging form filling salads, panini, wraps, burgers, and a breakfast menu. I ordered the fried oyster and baby spinach salad and my friend ordered the prosciutto and asparagus salad. I usually am not a fan of ordering salads when I go out to eat, but these salads were filling and tasted great. And who doesn't love to pair off their salads with an orange mimosa? 
I am definitely coming back to try the rest of their menu.I could have done without seeing the guy with the foot long wiry beard and thank goodness he was not our server. It is not what you want to see in someone who is serving/handling your food. All I could think was I hope that hair does not end up in my salad.  At the least, braid it?  
OK, now on to the review.Our server was great. Can't remember her name, maybe it was Maryanne? In any case, she was fast, attentive and knowledgable. Just perfect.  I ordered the fried oyster spinach salad. The oysters were absolutely perfect. I know people say you can't screw up fried anything. Well, we all know that's a lie and many of us have had crappy fried seafood. God bless it,  these oysters were huge, tender and JUICY. I loved the blue cheese in the salad because when combined with an oyster and Crystal sauce, OH MY! I think I happened on something great. This is a very flavorable  salad and a must try! 
My sis had the duck confit eggs benedict with grilled asparagus and tomatoes. Ok... she was in heaven. The hollandaise was over the top she says. Her biggest challenge was to be gentile and leave something on the plate and not start licking it. If that's not a ringing endorsement I don't know what is.Had the St. Patty's Day Massacre and a side of mac n cheese! Great food, and the server, Jessica, was great! I highly recommend if your in the area to try this place!I'd never heard of this place before, and went in for dinner on a date.  The cheese wasn't very melted or warm on the fancy version of grilled cheese that they had there, though it tasted ok.  
The fries were awful, though.  I think they must have put a potato in an apple slicer.  Wedges are fine, but several 'fries' were literally a 4th of a potato.  It was too much.  The staff was really friendly, but the food I got was really disappointing.This place was formerly called "Gott Gormet" & I'm not sure if they are affiliated or not but seems like they just changed the name to draw interest... I ordered a sandwich as a hangover remedy once from Gott Gormet (through Nola food delivery)- it was fine.  We made the mistake of going here on a Friday night recently. It was empty. This place should not even be open for dinner. It's a sandwich or maybe breakfast place. They advertised breakfast anytime but we were unable to order breakfast that night for some reason. Due to the lack of appealing items on the menu, everyone ordered the shrimp & grits which were not inedible but they also were not worth the calories! I ordered the Mac and cheese & it was the same. Overall, I would not recommend this place at all, but if I had to, I would say lunch or breakfast (not dinner!!).6/2/15: BUT I HAVEN'T BEEN BACK!
There are way too many better restaurants in the area now that get my dollars!
LOVE AN OPEN KITCHEN, you can check out the cleanliness and watch the chefs;
VERY PERSONABLE YOUNG LUNCH STAFF: like Cowbell, Coquette or LaCasita;
AFFORDABLE: huge pastrami and swiss on rye, mac & cheese, splittable: $16.
My research of negative Yelp reviews determined that the biggest complaint at Gott is sloooow service.  However I've found that if you go off-peak the wait is reasonable.  
Like the Monte Cristo, pastrami and swiss on rye has become an increasingly elusive menu item.  The Gott version is one of the best, up there with Stein's and Maspero's.
The regular order of truffle oil mac & cheese is a huge portion but lacks that classic smoky flavor (my favorite versions are at Capdeville or at the over-priced Bistreaux).
FRUGAL TIP: go off-peak, bring a friend, & dine for about $11 each tax/tip inclusive.Firstly, we waited 15 minutes for our drink order. The table next to us, seated after us, got taken care of before us. That's cool-- sometimes shizz happens. So I take an adventure to track down SOMEBODY to help us. The waiter assigned to us seemed to be just a wee bit annoyed. Sorry I had to do your job for ya, buddy, but I just wanted to order some water. 
I also don't know if their jazzfest menu screwed up logistics or whatever, but we just kept running into problem after problem. Maybe we just have so bad karma, IDK. 
The ONLY reason they get a 2 from me is the food -- it's fantastic.