We ordered to go at this restaurant bc it was just across the street from the hotel our family was staying. The host that took our order over the phone was very cordial and nice. We walk over about ten minutes after our order. We then waited about 20 min for our order to come. The brought our order and we checked to see if they got our fathers order correct because he has certain allergies.  It was.  All of our food was cold or Luke warm and we only walked a cross the street not even 5 minute walk. My burger was not cooked medium it was cooked rare. My husbands burger was fine. But the spaetzle was cold and over cooked mushy.  Very underwhelming. My husband brought my burger back and for the garlic fries they forgot to include with our order that was a free Yelp deal.  
When he went back the restaurant the manager was apologetic. She took the burger off then a 25% off the total order and gave him a free Coke while he waited.Food was bland and expensive.  Service was awful.  
Our server acted like waiting on us was a huge imposition. She was horrible. (Too bad for you sister, as we tip around 30% for good service and up to 50% for great service. You didn't deserve the 10% we left you.) 
I respect wanting to keep the glass in the front doors clean, but perhaps try doing it when a bunch of people are not trying to go in and out. 
Seriously, train your staff.  From the hostess at the front door, to the waitress, bartender and (I think) manager, everyone acted like they were miserable, it sucked.The hubby and I had a pretty good dinner... decent service.  I always get irritated when I have to use the flashlight on my Iphone in order to be able to see the writing on the menu... I mean really... there is ambience and then there is just not enough lighting!!!  I have to wonder why so dim...are they hiding something?  That being said, the Proscuitto Gorgonzola Chips that we ordered for an appetizer was very good, a good amount of each ingredient, they did not skimp on the prosciutto or the figs.  My seafood Cobb Salad was fresh and had a good amount of crab meat, the shrimp were tiny though so a bit of a disappointment.  My husbands burger was prepared the way he ordered it and he was pleased with the quality of the burger, the crispiness of the bacon and the vegetables that he opted for instead of fries were very tasty. Reasonably priced, conveniently located.The lobster and scallops Mac & cheese was amazing! Their homebrew root beer was the best stuff I've ever had. Can't wait to go back! And all the shrimp was superb.I like the Marzen beer.  I came for a business function so the food was served buffet style.  I don't know much on New Orleans food but the jambalaya was pretty good.This place was delicious! Spent a good amount of time here cause of the rain. First started at the bar and had the beer sampler, some prosecco, and checked in to get the yelp offer of free garlic fries! The garlic fries are amazing! We moved to a table and ordered: BBQ chicken pizza (no cheese), shrimp scampi pasta, lobster bisque soup and a house salad with bleu cheese. The soup came out cold the first time but they brought out a steamy new cup right away. Everyone enjoyed their food! There was no problem until we received our bill and our waiter did not communicate clearly with the price of drinks! Bad communication but good food!
**we came back here again because everyone had enjoyed their food. Got more free fries with the yelp checkin (seriously, so so so good!!) I tried the pulled pork this time and was disappointed! The bun was soaking in sauce so you couldn't even pick the sandwich up! The pulled pork itself was mediocre, I only took a few bites of it with a fork. Took the rest back and never ate it.Really liked this place. We were there for drinks on a Friday night and the atmosphere was fun and a bit loud. It didn't feel touristy. We sat at the bar and the service was friendly and fast. They make their own beers so I tried - and liked - a couple varieties. Looked at the menu and the offerings and prices were appealing. Have to eat there next time.Honestly for a brewery the beer was Ok and the food was great. We went there twice so I tried nearly all the beer they offered and none of them were anything to write home about. However if you are looking for a lunch spot this place is great.I always enjoy a Gordon Biersch beer! Cool waitresses but they freak out and ignore you the more you drink. Apparently they can only put up with a little bit of drunken chatter. Nice and simple atmosphere with the option of patio wining and dining.Came here after the Saints/Packers game. One would think that a brewery/sport bar would expect and want the crowd after a game. It was close to our hotel and Harrahs so we thought why not!  I wish we would have thought otherwise. Service was slow. Food was cold. It was disappointing bc they had a great menu. 
At one point, they started telling people  they were out of food and closed. It was clear they just wanted to get everyone out so they could close at midnight. Literally turned away over a hundred plus people.I had the fish n chips, it was a huge portion! The breading was nice and crisp, not greasy at all. My hubby had a pizza which was also a good portion, the size of a dinner plate. We ended the meal with crème brulee, which was thick n creamy.The dish I ordered was bland. Bruschetta chicken with Jasmine rice. The rice was overcoooked and hard. The chicken didn't have much flavor. I ended up eating the pizza my friend ordered. 
I did get garlic fries from checking in with a Yelp. They were good.We're from LA and just looking for a quick snack and drink. Atmosphere is fun food is great. Could have had garlic fries alone for dinner!!!Absolutely horrendous service. Servers staring at the TV. Our party of five waited over 40 minutes for our food, and NOT A SINGLE ORDER was correct. Each was missing something or not cooked the way we asked. Waitress didn't write anything down. She walked away from the table WHILE WE WERE SPEAKING WITH HER because another table called her. Manager came over and acted nice but it was obvious that she didn't want to deal with us. She tried to make the orders right but by that point we didn't want anything. Not even bothering to come back to our table, she instructed the waitress to tell us "you can leave if you want." OH THANKS I DIDN'T THINK I COULD. Worst service I've experienced in my life.A sports Gameday favorite to visit with my friends.  Great cocktails and their known lagers are not bad.  Menu choices are great... And if u just care to snack, the appetizers are great... Especially the wings and Crabcakes... Outdoor dining is a plus during fall and breezy Spring seasons.  Love it!We had some good beer here, but the food left a bit to be desired.  I got the calamari appetizer and it was completely bland.  No seasoning and didn't come with the advertised aeoli.  I dumped some salt and pepper on it and muddled through but wouldn't order it again.  
The Czech pilsner and the swartzbier were great and my brother liked the gold export.Chain style food.  Friendly but rather slow service.  Requested substitutions on sides were not made and one side dish was forgotten.  Just not a lot of flavor in any appetizer or main course.  I couldn't even get a burger since medium is the rarest possible.  Good beer might be the only reason to return.Awesome place , great food, incredible view, the people are awesome, I need to come back. Must try for any one that has never been here.  The hefe, is a must try.... they also validate parking at Harrah which is a plusThe food was delicious, but the service was even better. Marlon was awesome....There was no hostess when we arrived but he saw us standing there and took the initiative to greet..seat..serve us. Ever recommendation was on point.Went twice while visiting New Orleans for moose conference. Best foods. Fish and chips were delicious. Sausage platter was good by mom said. My mom and I shared dip and calamari that was also good. Mango tea was good.The Garlic Fries are awesome.
The chicken gumbo is pretty good.
The Burgers and Pizza are decent.
The drinks are average...
Had to send back a few drinks because of dirty glasses, nothing major.
Decent place to watch a sporting event with LCD screens all over.
Roomy, good for groups. 
MARLIN IS THE BEST WAITER.....ASK FOR HIM.Went for a late lunch. The place was pretty empty. We waited for someone to seat us for at least 10 minutes before we had to track someone down. The crab and artichoke dip and the calamari apps we got were decent. The entrees were horrible. The only thing edible was the burger. Mahi was super salty with mushrooms covered in way too much red pepper. Beer battered fish was burnt and the cheese sandwich was 100 percent grease. At least we had a very nice waiter. I won't be coming back.I dined here quite a few times the last time I was in New Orleans (either 2009 or 2010, don't remember...). 
The biggest 'stand-out' item for me: the garlic fries! I loved them! If you go to this restaurant, you should definitely try them.
I'm not sure exactly what i ate entrée-wise, but I'm pretty sure I repetitively ordered the same burger each time. It was good, from what I can remember.
Overall, 4 stars because their food is great but nothing I would go crazy over.
Will definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.Oh my goodness. We come to new Orleans often  the food was awesome here. The bartender was wonderful and very thorough  her name is Heather prittthett will be back we r from .Miami and this place  rocks ..Mediocre food, terrible management. Place runs about as smooth as sandpaper. If you come to New Orleans and are hungry, get some local food. Get a beer and move on.Quack!
I have to say, all in all we were fairly impressed. Looking for a bite to eat later, and to mix it up from the same old options, we decided to pop in for a burger. Have to say, I wasn't expecting much given this is a chain, but was pleasantly surprised with how good the burger was. Would come again if craving a burger. 
Quack!We stopped in for a light meal and a drink. We sat at a table in the bar area. Service was great. I couldn't make my mind up about the dark beers so the server brought a sample of 3 for me to try.  My wife had a house red. We shared a margarita flatbed pizza which was perfect. I can't give it a 5 because we didn't have a meal.  All in all a nice experience.We came in on st pattys day. They run out of "green" beer and new orleans uncommon.
Also didnt had calmari, and the spoon for the desssert was dirty! 
Creme broule is mehOnly get 3 stars cause of their handcrafted beers. Their food is sub par. They couldn't prepare a steak correctly to save their life. All four stakes at the table were over cooked from how they were specified. Green beans from a can, and they ran out of the we sides order without notifying us only to bring us something else in it's stead. Over cooked salmon filet and cold mash potatoes...all in all it's like a pricey trip to Applebee's. But the beer was more than a life saver. Great beer!!To my fellow Yelpers, just stay away.  Talk about awful service, awful food and beer flight presentation that only a blind man would like.  Ordered a flight of beer and when it came out it had a list of what style of beer it was and the waiter could not tell me which one of each style it was.  A generic beer flight presentation with multiple beers under each type without knowing which one it was.  The waiter stated it was up to the bar tender on which ones to give, which means I did not have a choice nor did I know which ones I got.  Strike one.  We got our food and, boy, it sucked.  I ordered a burger, which was more like a single slider in size.  I ordered it medium, because I like it a little pink and it came well-done (see photo).  Once presented to the server, he in all terms did not give a shit.  Strike two.  Strike three will encompass what the general feeling from the time we walked it to when we left.  When we order, the first thing out of the servers mouth was, we are out of most of our inventory.  OUT!! A weekend in NOLA.  Basically a holiday weekend at that, Dec 27.  How do you not know how to stock up, especially since these are not just in NOLA but other places.  Is the managers at this location dumb or special?  What gives it the three strike was when my wife wanted a side of Ranch for her meal.  Guess what the answer was on that one....OUT OF RANCH!  How the fuck do you run out of ranch?  Even better, I asked for another bottle of ketchup because my ran out and I will let you guess what the answer was on that one.  So my first and only visit to this awful location of NOLA.  Please people, go somewhere else, there are so many better places in NOLA to spend your time, money and vacation at.  This restaurant sucks, the service sucks and the food sucks.  And really the only reason I even tried this place because it was across the street from my hotel.  So a big middle finger to this restaurant.Nice choice of beers and good people watching in the outdoor seating!Great atmosphere and drinks, the food however needs a serious revamping. Medium steaks brought out well done, with serious attitude from staff when corrected on mistake. Margherita pizza with obviously not fresh tomatoes. Oh, and the prices significantly overpriced for the area. Do yourself a favor and just get some beignets at cafe Dumonde instead.Stopped in for a late night bite since this was close to my hotel and had to order from the bar. I kind of was disappointed that the menu selection was so limited. However, I ordered the fresh plump burger and garlic fries which had me licking my fingers. I have never had garlic fries before and found the smell and taste to be intoxicating. I will definitely order again. Great job GB for getting me to try something different and completely fall in love with it.Visited tonight and was very impressed.  Everything we ordered was excellent and the service was awesome!  They have a great menu and big TVs in the bar area!Here for Amerivespa. Got back to room late and was looking for a place to eat around 10pm. Found out they were open until midnight and according to yelp reviews worth looking at. This place is right next to the Hilton which was a big plus. Prices were decent compare to other places we've been to do far. Had southwestern egg rolls. Yum. Husband has gruyere grill cheese with house made chips. He enjoyed his meal too. We would return to try other items on the menu.The elderflower cocktail
The cob flatbread
Bad ass Mai Tai s
Nuff said
This is a cool place I always include in my bar crawl for an appetizer and cocktailSo, I actually didn't high hopes for this place, especially from checking out the reviews before visiting. I worried for nothing! I actually had a pleasant time. Was going to a show at Harrah's so wanted to eat somewhere close.  Walked in and immediately seated, no wait time whatsoever. Truly friendly staff, waitress helped with our orders gave us some great recommendations and even gave me an opportunity to taste a sauce which I loved.
For appetizer we had crab and artichoke dip. Very yummy and creamy and on my favorite crostini. Came out in just enough time to make a starving shercole all strong again lol.  For Entree, I went with a Kobe Cheeseburger. This was my first Kobe burger and it was yummy! I put some of their Marzen sauce on there and I wanted to do my happy food dance. It was paired with garlic fries. Never had them before was surprised I actually liked them. Although we really didn't need anymore food we tried the Warm Apple Bread Pudding Taster. It was so yummy and made me want to go snuggle up in a bed afterwards.
I had a good experience here.Really good beer.... German style backbone and have added IPA and Belgian.   Delicious burgers.   Great fish tacos.  I like hot wings so I would encourage them to have a variety of sauces...  my wings were good not outstanding.  Great service from Rodney with great outside seating.We went in last night after spending some time & money @ Harrahs. We had eaten earlier but had a few drinks at the Casino & wanted to have a nite to eat before heading home. We ordered the pepperoni pizza and I have to say it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  We have eaten here before and love the salads. My husband loves their craft beers. Service food $ drinks were all very good.Very good food and perfect if you eat late! Open til midnight with a full menu available, you won't be disappointed. The ambiance is very modern. From where I say I could see right in the kitchen. I tried not to look bcz I didn't want to see anything that would turn me off. My meal was really good. I had the citrus chicken with asparagus & mashed potatoes. The chicken was well seasoned and moist. The massive pile of garlic mashed potatoes was quite tasty. The asparagus could've used a sprinkling of salt & pepper. I'd eat there again!Had the worst ever lunch from there today. Co- worker had to go downtown today and offered to buy lunch and bring it back for us. I ordered the grilled shrimp skewers with rice cake. It was ice cold and had some sort of batter ( can't understand why they were supposed to be grilled) that wasn't cooked on the outside. The shrimp were small not jumbos. It was so disgusting that even my co workers wouldn't taste it! I don't even think the cat would eat it! Total waste! I had to throw it away!Very difficult place for me to ever go back to. The facility is awesome. However, the bar is grossly understaffed - they had two bartenders for a busy Sunday football crowd. They were working hard but still took about 15 minutes to get a drink. Servers are typically also harried and rude. We asked for a table and they said wait was about 45 minutes despite us counting at least 10 totally empty tables in the restaurant. Doesn't appear as though management is really that interested in the customer.Great atmosphere and of course the Beer is AWESOME!!!
We only stopped in for a couple of drinks this night, they where holding a fund raising event for a Children's organization, so they had a $3 donation with free beer until the keg was empty... and the beer was really good!!!  Plus they had Free Wings and Fries to go with the beer...   
There was a DJ playing some music that set the atmosphere along with the bar scene.  
I will definitely be back when I have more time.Food was a BIG disappointment !! To say the least. I feel sorry for tourists that get sucked into eating here. I ordered a burger, well done. Both that came out were red raw in middle. Server was extremely AWESOME!! Food an utter disappointmentI enjoyed this brewery. I learned that it can be found in several cities but this was my first experience so it was new to me. The beers were pretty good and I enjoyed a few apps for happy hour. I definitely recommend going for happy hour. They had a perk for checking in on Yelp so be sure to look for that if you visit this place.I came here for lunch with my coworker, and I had the grilled chicken sandwich with the garlic fries.  The fries were just as I remembered them, but the chicken sandwich was a bit dry and under seasoned.  The waiter that we had seemed to be in a hurry to get us out, and did a terrible job.  My coworker needed to use the restroom once we were seated, and the server came over 3 times to ask if I was ready to order.  I informed him that I was waiting on my coworker who stepped away, but he still did not seem to get it.  I have zero patience for stupidity like that.During the visit to NOLA we visited Gordon Biersch several times. The outdoor seating and friendly staff made it a go-to place for happy hour! And with the free fries with a Yelp checkin, who can complain?It was alright. Nothing special. Wish we would have went somewhere else. I had the chicken schnitzel. Chicken was great the schnitzel was not cooked correctly. Didn't care for our server, not very friendly. Wouldn't come here again or recommend it to anyone.went on a sunday.  bleh.  it was like I was doing THEM a favor by eating there.  
had a shrimp po-boy- very average.  prices higher than Vegas. 
football games were so loud I could not have a conversation with gf at table.  we were both annoyed at the whole thing.  
so, if you have no other options, then you know up front. 
if you have options, skip it.Great service, beautiful restaurant, food was mediocre at best. Great place for drinks, sports on TV, happy hour! The food is doused in sauce, oil and/or salt. Also tried the triple chocolate brownie which was unfortunately stale.  Truly disappointed.Horrible. Sat down at a dirty table. Been here now for 20 mins and haven't had any wait staff stop. About 8 different people have passed and looked. Bye.I wanted to like this place but it was just ok. I had a grilled cheese with bacon that was ok.  My husband said the burger was ok.  "Legendary" fries were OK. Beer was a little watery which was disappointing since it was made in-house.  Service was ok. Too many other great places to eat in NOLA to settle for ok.I've got this place figured out.  Seriously.  If you like steak and you like beer, just follow my advice and you will dig it.  
Step 0) Don't go here if you're a tourist who wants to eat good New Orleans food.  This is a chain, not a foodie destination.  Adjust your expectations accordingly.  
Step 1) Don't order anything except the steak frites, medium rare with au jus over garlic fries.  For some reason they can nail this every time and it is good.  The steak comes out cool in the center, the fries are covered in meat grease and garlicy and the steak sauce gives the whole thing a nice little tanginess.  Don't order any other food.  If you want an appetizer then split a steak frites.  If you want a salad then get the steak frites.  If you want dessert get the steak frites.  I'm serious.  I've had almost everything that this place has to offer and all of it sucks, except the steak frites.  Get the steak frites.  Get the steak frites.  Get the steak frites. 
Step 2) Enjoy a beer or eight.  I know the brew master here and he's a very good brewer.  He really appreciates the German styles that he brews, even though they're  mandated by corporate.  I think he nails the quintessential wheat beer and his Schwarzbier is one of my absolute favorites.   The Golden Export is bullshit and tastes like fizzy water.  The Marzen is very drinkable.  The Czech Pilsner is kind of boring.  The Oktoberfest (the seasonal as I write this) is decent.  
And that's all there is to it.  Eat the steak frites and drink beer.  Enjoy.Steak was burned, potatoes were cold. Not impressedFinally, a place I am comfortable recommending. 
Atmosphere      80      Hip, up to date eatery
Service             80      Professional and attentive
Food                80      What you might expect
Value               80       Once again, nothing to write home about but fair
If you are looking for something different and you happen to wonder away from the French Quarter you might try this eatery. Nothing fancy - but it is wholesome, plain and the beer is great.Beers are really good (if you can get served) and the restaurant is a nice escape on a hot summers day.
Sat at the bar and took too long to get served with half empty seats. Bartender clearly didn't give a shit.
Ordered the sampler beers and wasn't asked what kind of beers I like, just a predetermined selection poured with little care, splashed out over the bar top.
Eventually was able to order the fish and chips that arrived in good time, alas the fries were cold, the fish must have been sticking out of the fryer and a couple were uncooked in the ends. The coleslaw tasted vinegary.
I loved the Marzen beer, but would not eat here again.My boyfriend and I went out for a late dinner after work. I'd been to the restaurant before, as well as another in the chain, and enjoyed the food and drinks as well as the service. This was not the case on this visit. Our waitress, Janis, was rude and not helpful at all. She threw our menus down on the table, took ages to take our order, and didn't even bring us water with our drinks. After dropping off our food she didn't come to check how it was at all - my boyfriend's burger was burnt to a crisp (he asked for well done, not burnt) and lacking the bleu cheese he'd ordered on it. At the end of our visit he hadn't even eaten much. Janis took our plates quickly and said 'you must be full' rather than asking if there was a problem. After dropping off the check, she came back three times in the following two minutes to see if we had it ready. Why couldn't she be so attentive when bringing our food? 
All in all our experience was horrendous. My veggie burger was delicious but the service was terrible and they messed up a simple bleu cheese burger in two ways. If we ever decide to give this restaurant another try, Janis had better not be there or we will walk out.Went in for a late night snack and drink. Hit the spot. I love the garlic fries and HefeweizenThe outside in Canal St looks very appealing, sadly the service inside in appaling. We had a party of three. We were placed on a dirty unwiped table, we was then asked to order drinks (which we did as time was not on our side). After our drinks came then then took our drinks away when they cleaned the table (they didn't return them), we finally got new drinks after three requests. The food was very average, the garlic fries were more gralic than fries and the burgers were of poor quality. never go there again!Very good for enjoying a beer in a terrace.  They brew their own beers which all won medals. Food on the standard American style level, nothing especial. Pizza and my house salad were eatable, but not delicious, I have eaten better ones. Definetly try the beers but don't think the food will be the same quality as their beer.We stopped here for some beers and it was fine. The atmosphere is like a sports bar, which is fine. Service was competent. In looking at the menu and the food around us, my impression was that the food is overpriced and it did not look very good, at least the burgers and pizza and the usual stuff people get at a bar. The wife and I agreed we would not want to eat here. 
That said, the beer list is not extensive but interesting and I had a good czech pilsner.A HUGE THANK YOU to the entire staff at Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant in NOLA!!    My company recently held an event for approximately 200 people (bought out the place) and it was a tremendous success!  Not only were they easy to work with (long distance arrangements) in the planning of this party, they were so helpful and accommodating to our every need. The staff was in my opinion the best I've worked with (and I've planned 13 events in the past 6 years)... the food was absolutely delicious, bartenders kept the party running smoothly (with selected wines and specialty beers - of which won 2 awards at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver), and the DJ rocked the place!  A special THANK YOU to the ladies that helped me check in 200 guests... made my life so easy... and to Priscilla - thanks for putting up with me for the past 3 months you're the best.   The party was an overwhelming success and hailed as "one of our best parties" by the guests!  Visit this place if you are ever in NOLA...staff, spirits and food... fabulous...  you will not be sorry!!Our appetizer came out at the same time as the entree. I wouldn't have minded if the server would have done something to make up for it. Instead, our entrees just sat on the table while we hurried to eat the appetizer. The food was mediocre, kind of like an upgraded Chili's. In my opinion, not worth the money.Delicious food! I recommend the Lobster and Shrimp Mac-and-cheese,  which can be split between 2 people! The service was so fast and friendly. The atmosphere was fine and clean. There was many yummy and creative menu options,  too. Great for a date!I don't typically eat at chain restaurants when I'm out of town but was in a hurry. Our server, Melodie, was great and very professional. The food was fantastic and the actual restaurant was very clean (sometimes hard to find in New Orleans during Mardi Gras).It is a chain restauraunt, buit they make beer so i'm conflicted. The garlic fries were good and the panini i got was a little greasy, but good. theservice was quick and friendly. They do validate parking do thats a plus.Ate here a few years back and LOVED this place. Raved about it to all our friends. Had some of the best gumbo too! Returned on our last trip to NOLA and we were extremely disappointed in the food and the service. Will not be back again.Great food and beer. Trevor was a prompt and accommodating waiter. The craft brews were plentiful.Meh. Ate here with a group of 20. They seated us right away on a Tuesday evening so they get points for seating us rapidly being such a big group. One waiter for the whole table (poor guy).
He took our app and drink order right away and was back quickly to take the food order. However, the drinks took FOREVER to come out. I mean FOREVER. One of our guys got up and went to the bar to buy a beer himself because it was taking so long.
One VERY impressive factor was that all of our food came out at the same time. ALL of it, for all 20 of us. Food was average. Not great but not awful. Just average.I love this place! Lots of food options, so it's good for large groups that need to please everyone. The beer is good too. It's a little pricey though.A very unremarkable, bland chain restaurant. They offer free garlic fries as a yelp app check-in special so there you go, GB really did buy my love, if my love is a three star review. The waitress snippily let me know that they only carry "their beers" and not an Abita, so boom, I was roasted there on the spot. Their Marzen is actually not that bad if you have already been drinking earlier in the afternoon/morning. 
In all seriousness, it is an acceptable chain restaurant if you get tired of local fare. The garlic fries are free so my standards were low - they were good eatin' for drunk food.Um yeah. I have now eaten here and I can say with full certainty that this place sucks. We ordered the burger medium and naturally it came medium well. This is irritating mainly because I only eat red meat once a week, so this was my one shot and it  was terrible.
Before the burger, we got the egg roll appetizer. It was okay. I mean, it was as decent as deep fried frozen egg rolls can be. The beer? The beer was a "no" and had ZERO flavor. To refer to this place as a "brewery" is a joke. All of the beer tastes the same and just makes me sad.We had lunch here yesterday and we came back today.
There is a nice selection of beers at very reasonable prices. Good food and good service. Great value.We came here because we are lazy and we were staying at the hotel right across the block. Also we were hungry. Also we were probably drunk.
I was shocked to learn that Gordon Biersch is actually the name of Gordon from Sesame Street. He's the guy who owns and runs this place. I honestly couldn't believe it! I guess things went pretty well for him. That's good to hear. I always like to hear good news about people I knew back when I was young.
My friend Jeff had his first hamburger with a fried egg on it. Man. I wish I remember when I had my first one. It's like the first time you have sex without a condom.
You just keep asking yourself, "how can I ever go back to the old way?"
You can't. You just can't.Excellent as usual.  The Maibock never disapoints, always one of their strongest seasonal.
Great for small bites and craft brews.This location is definitely tops on my fav list.  Never disappoints even during events. Amazing service, friendly-flow off the charts tonight.  Stop in... if by chance you catch Jeff in the bar area...you're #winning ~ patio dining available on those beautiful evenings!Excellent lite microbrew beer, cool place to watch the game and have a beverage with friends.Friends, food and football. And beer. That was the on the menu for last night. Bunch of guys talking football and watching the HOF game.  I had never been here, but I thought the interior space was nice for a glorified brewhouse. 
I also thought the service was a little slow, but the NY strip was pretty good. The Cobb salad looked much better than my Chicken Caesar salad. They do validate, so park in the Harrah's garage (enter on Convention Center Blvd) and take elevator down to first floor. Kinda pricey.There is a reason why it has three stars on Yelp. Below average food and below average service. Word of advise, listen to yelpers; I wish I had.Meal was okay. My issue was the cocktail. Ordered a long Island with cranberry and first one was good. Second was pure cranberry. Asked waiter for a shot to substitute. I was then charged 7.50 for the shot basically the price of the drink. Then noticed my glass had a huge Crack in it. Nobody cared.Food was great. No long wait time. Servers were extremely pleasant. Would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting in the areaService is great food has a great deal of work !!! I live close !!! Sad !!'This is one of the Best Restaurants in New Orleans.My friends say i have stock in this place because we come here so much.But I Love The Service, Atmosphere,and Most of all I Love The Food.I went back to Gordon Biersch for a pre-birthday dinner since I enjoyed myself the previous time. Well apparently I picked the wrong time to visit. It was a long wait, longer than I ever waited for a restaurant. I refused to leave because I parked in Harrahs and didn't want to pay. The wait was crazy and on a empty stomach almost impossible.
Once we were called, service was pretty good. Our waiter was friendly and helpful and even gave me free birthday cake! The only problem was soon as our appetizer came out, our entrees came out! So it was definitely tough to properly enjoy our appetizers. 
I do love their crab and artichoke dip. It's always yummy so that alone is always great to me.  I'm addicted to their Marzen Barbecue Sauce, so I had to get the Marzen Barbecue burger and Marzen sauce on the side, because I'm just that hardcore about it; you need to try it. I got the plain fries this visit, because the garlic fries is a little bit toooo much and made me feel sick.  Overall food was great, but service and timing was off this visit.
Good Thing: Eat here, free parking in Harrah's, which is always important to me.I ordered the bbq marzipan chicken sandwich w/ garlic fries. I love their fries ! Nice location next to Harah's . Nice spacious bar and great atmosphere.This place will barely do when options are very limited. I stayed at a hotel nearby so my options were just that, limited within walking distance.  I got the garlic fries free with $10 purchase courtesy of yelp deal and I purchased the wings. The presentation was ok but I wouldn't come here again. My server was nice, so that helped. I'll just walk further even in 38 degree weather.I stopped in to watch a Sunday night Saints game and try some of their beer.  This place was rockin', but I was able to find a seat at the bar.  I wasn't familiar enough with Gordon Biersch at the time to know that they offer mostly German style beer.  I was wondering why I was offered a pilsner when I asked for an IPA...no porter and no stout either.  The pilsner was fine for a pilsner and the winter bock was pretty good.  Fun atmosphere with large windows behind the bar overlooking the courtyard.If you've ever been to BJ's Brewhouse or any other chain microbrew restaurant, you know exactly what you're getting into here. The beer was tasty (I had two Celebration Bocks and would suggest them to anyone) and the food was completely serviceable. I was going to describe it as a half-step above Applebee's and Chili's until I remembered that my tacos came with a slice of pepperjack on them, so there's that. 
The big pro: on a Saturday night at 8 they could seat a party of 8 in less than 10 minutes. If you walk to Drago's without a reservation on a weekend and just want to fill up before a night in the French Quarter, this'll get the job done.I had the chicken sandwich and it was delicious. 
I should have gotten the sweet potato fries instead of the regular fries.
They were delicious either way. They also have decent calamari as well for a appetizer. I would highly suggest going since it wasn't crazy busy and was very fast.
Our waiter was very nice and even got us to go drinks to stay hydrated as we adventured across New Orleans.I got a great salad here, very reasonably priced and a good size.  This place is within walking distance of the convention center.  The service was solid, despite that the place was packed (we sat at the bar).  The Yelp app allows for free garlic fries, always a plus! 
Looking for pretty fast, easy, good reasonably priced food... check this place out.We came here during Mardi Gras so they only had a limited menu, but it was still pretty good! The crab and artichoke dpi was the bomb dot com - probably my favorite thing. I got the Kobe burger which was quite good but nothing special. The buns were yummy though. The garlic fries were pretty good but I thought they didn't live up to the hype.
I would give this place 3 stars, but the hefeweizen was absolutely delicious!! One of the best American craft hefeweizens I've had.I went with 3 other people. Two of them had been there the day before and said their bar food and beer was delicious. 
I'm only commenting on our lunch which was NOT that great.
The waitress was a little curt. It was around lunch time so it was busy but she acted as if our mere presence was annoying her. Oh well.
As a vegan, I was happy to see vegetarian tacos on the menu. I ordered those and asked for no butter, sour cream, cheese, etc. The tacos were fine, pretty boring - so I asked for sriracha. The rice and beans are made with pork so she was supposed to bring out fries instead, that didn't happen. I said to just forget about it.  
Everyone liked the appetizers: wings and garlic fries but then when the food came they weren't as pleased. Two people ordered the seafood salad and said it was bland. The other woman had the mediterranean chicken and said it was so bland and hard she couldn't cut through it. She even asked for a steak knife at one point and then just sent it back. 
The manager came out an offered us free dessert of the bread pudding which they all said was amazing. 
Myself and a coworker checked in via Yelp so there was a deal for free garlic fries. I explained to the waitress what Yelp is and the purpose. Once I told her I'd be reviewing them, she was suddenly friendlier. 
In sum: get beer, bar food and bread pudding.  Don't sit at a table or order real food :DIt was a hot day waiting for the hop-on hop-off bus, and the thought of a glorious refreshing brew sounded delightful. (And I'm only writing this because Yelp wants more than two sentences for my review to not be a 'tip.' What I really want to say is....)
I'll be short and sweet: have the smoked chicken tostadas.
Thank me later.Nice restaurant with a good beer selection. We received a free garlic fries for the checking in but the service did take a few minutes. For dinner I had the sirloin tips and they were delicious and one of the best meals I had in NOLA. Good for large groups and they have a nice bar as well. Good Eating & Cheers!From start to finish we had a fantastic experience.
Our server Cora greeted us promptly with a friendly smile when we arrived and made sure to check on us at regular intervals. 
We decided to share a couple of entries: Garlic fries and bratwurst sliders which were perfectly complemented with the Marzen and Belgian IPA beers. 
Since this establishment is immediately adjacent to our hotel (Harrahs) we will surely return.7/29/11 - To drink I ordered the "Reposado Tequila" Margarita and it was great.  There are no frozen drinks at this place, therefore this was a Margarita on the rocks.  For appetizer I ordered a cup of chicken gumbo.  The gumbo was nicely presented and it had a good flavor.  For entree I ordered a Kobe burger (medium) with garlic french fries.  I was dissapointed with the burger, since it was well done, and therefore dry.  The french fries werent that special either.  A bunch of them were dark brown (too cooked).  I am sorry but cooking a burger and french fries is basic stuff that a "cook" (vs a "chef") can handle.  I like the decor of the place, but other than the Margarita, nothing else was special.We had a reservation and were seated as soon as we arrived. They had a large happy hour crowd in the bar area. Our server greeted us in a very timely manner and told us about the list of home made beers they offered. They come in a variety of sizes. The menu had a good selection of local Cajun favorites and traditional American foods. We had a mushroom appetizer which was very tasty. I got Mahi Mahi and garlic mashed potatoes which was very well prepared. The fish had nice flavor and was a fair size for the price. My wife got the grilled cheese & bacon sandwich. It looked good and was cooked perfectly with the cheese melted all the way through.  We were checked on several times by our waiter, and drinks were refilled as needed. While there was nothing outstanding about this meal, it was good food, good atmosphere and good service.Great burger!  Blue crab and artichoke dip was yummy!  Turkey garden burger was good.  Turkey sandwich was a disappointment ( processed turkey...boring).  Service was good.  Beer was ok.  Wine overpriced.  But overall experience was just ok.Ate dinner with my 14 yr old son. Enjoyed the steak tips. He had the bbq burger. We told the server (who was very nice) for a medium cooked burger. The middle wasn't what I expected. But the server was courteous enough to have the burger redone. I appreciate the extra effort to make our meal enjoyable.I make it a point to go to Gordon Biersch once wvery time I am in New Orleans amd staying at the Riverside Hilton across the street.   
The food.....is amazing!  From the hot apps to the main course to the house beers, you really can not go wrong.   The wait staff are quick,  friendly, and attentive.   
I highly recommend this establishment and look forward to my next visit!Horrible! Just went there this Saturday 0n Jan. 30,2016 and I don't know how this place is still open. I hadn't been there in years because they can't cook and the food is horrible. I had a simple filet with shrimp and ordered it medium well. Once it got tot my table it was still moving. Then one of my co-workers ordered a cheese burger and after seeing my steak checked his burger and it was still bleeding! Ughhh. We asked the waitress who was cooking and she replied, oh he's new. What a joke. Hadn't been in years for a reason and for sure, I will never be back! Sticking with DRAGOS, CHOP HOUSE, HOUSTONS, and NEOWS. Stay away!Good Selection of Gordon Biersch, parking maybe a hassle, but the environment is good. There is a patio and an indoor area, good appetizers good.Went last night for dinner, service was great (we were a group of 9) and our waiter got everyone's order right and everything came out at the same time.  We ordered the artichoke heart appetizer which was totally yummy and I could delude myself into thinking it was healthy (even though it was fried) because it was artichoke hearts, lol.  We also ordered the tomato basil mozzarella pizza which was totally delicious.  Prices were decent for the area (Fulton St) and the beer was tasty.  Tried some of our friends garlic fries which were also tasty.  It was a little loud, but I guess you can't really avoid that in a place like this.  There are some better places in the area, but if you can't get seating (this area gets busy fast) then check this place out, it's definitely not a bad choice.This was undoubtedly our worst experience in NOLA, there was mold on the appetizer bread, food came late if at all and the service was BELOW sub par. For having straight up green mold on something we had already eaten and the manager to never show his or her face was deplorable. We will not be back.This is the fourth GB I've eaten at and I hope it isn't a company trend.  The location is great, away from the idiot crowds on a peaceful pedestrian only walkway. But in terms of food quality it ranks #4.
The beer is as good as any GB and reasonably priced.
I had the Woodford Reserve salmon.  Portion size was decent, about as big as it should be for a meal - it's not supposed to be a glutinous face stuffing.  The brown rice wasn't cooked completely, shame on you GB - who messes up brown rice?  The kale and quinoa was cold, but I didn't say anything because it tasted good and maybe it was supposed to be cold.  The salmon was just on the edge of being over cooked.
Wait staff appeared to be attentive - I was reading a book and so didn't notice which is good, it means they were attentive enough to see that I was engrossed in a good book.
I would return if only for the atmosphere.My husband and I were visiting New Orleans with a group of friends for Jazz Fest last weekend, and stopped in for dinner here. Overall, the food was awesome, and the service was good for the most part, except for the food runner. The food runner hit me in the head with a plate as he walked up behind my chair (hard-- it's been three days and there's still a bump), and proceeded to blame me for it, rather than try to apologize for it. My entire table was so shocked at his reaction to the plate hitting my head, we were all speechless. Sadly, this experience put a bad enough taste in my mouth, that I wouldn't consider coming back to this restaurant. The manager should seriously think about letting that food-runner go, he was so incredibly rude!Was here over the weekend in New Orleans. 
The good- wait staff was friendly and prompt. Food came out quickly despite being a rather full restaurant. The menu was diverse. The atmosphere and ambiance were nice and fit with the decor and feel of the place. 
The bad- I ordered the Woodford Reserve Grill Chicken and it was awful. I've easily made better BBQ grill chicken at home and I'm far from a master chef. I ordered a flight of their beers, most of which were downright awful, and despite having a pre printed sheet describing each, it was unclear which beer sample was which and our waiter didn't know either (which I don't blame him for, he clearly wasn't a craft beer guy. That's management's fault for not training him properly) 
Overall, I can't see me ever coming back here and wouldn't recommend this to anyoneGood as expected! Enjoyed my winter bock beer and the server was also sure to tell us about the winter bock tapping party scheduled  for tonight. Unfortunately our orders, while tasty, were quite wrong. The hubs ordered a burger and got a chicken sandwich and my coworker ordered a grilled cheese that should have had a guacamole spread - didn't come with the spread. May not have been horrible but it was the one thing he was looking forward to. 
Upon returning for the party, we ordered birthday shots for me and the server, quite obviously, didn't want to be bothered with making shots. It took us quite some time to get a server to give us the attention we needed. Won't be returning simply due to poor service.....Had the steak frites with garlic spinach - thought it was just okay. Microbrews are decent. Do have TVs to watch the game. Close to the casino.My husband and I came to watch the FSU vs OKST game. Our waitress (Rachel) was awesome, the ambiance was great and the food was very good. We ordered the Kobe sliders, garlic fries (gotta order these if you come here, it's da bomb dot com) and the wings. If you're a Yelper don't forget to check in to get the garlic fries for free99 :-)So you think brewing their own beer isn't a gimmick, a palatable artifice to make the stale interior a little less soulless.  So you think having 6 (count 'em) hostesses standing around one particle board podium is a scheduling mistake.  You think their bubbly contempt is a function of the stream of tourist oblivion that treads through the double black doors.  You may even think the buxom blonde bartender is ignoring you because she simply doesn't see you, so enraptured with her witty retellings of last night's finale on television.
The reality is this tasteless chain leviathan trains their employees in concentration camps.  Mocked up, barbed wire, hate-you-forever-for-walking-in-my-door prison camps designed to engender spite for the paying customer to which you have never known.
They will ignore you.  They will never bring your food.  They will shove your check in a glass 4 barstools down and laugh at you for asking "where is my check?"
All that can be taken away from this misery is: avoid this black shirt frozen entree Hell at all cost.  Forever.Don't bother coming here.  Looks like a good place to eat but food was horrible.  Unless this was a place of last resort, I would skip it.I'm surprised to see such low reviews but of course I was skeptical to go to GB in the first place since it's a chain. I've gone twice now for happy hour and ya can't beat it. Really unique cocktails all for $5 and tasty apps for either $5 or $7. I enjoy the bartenters too. They once brought us the wrong food and quickly remade our order and let us keep the mess up. Just more time for another drink! I'll definitely be going back.Love the shrimp Alfredo. New Orleans has a bunch of different place to eat shrimp but this place stands out ever so slightly.Not a fan of this place. Service wasn't great and the food was not good at all.
Only perk is they have a nice selection of beers and I heard is a fun place to watch a game.I usually avoid chains but this place is perfectly located with a nice outdoor patio area to people watch. The food is good but the prices could be about 15% cheaper. Best to stick to the simple things, i.e. pizza and burgers.I was in town for a convention and there a 30 minut wait at the hotel dining, so I walked over here and there were plenty of empty tables. I was headed to bourbon but tired from my travels and had not eaten all day. I figures beer pub food, you can't go wrong and I even got free garlic fries after I checked in on yelp. My server was friendly but not very prompt or attentive. The service wasn't terrible but there seemed to be so many people at work and only a few of them work ok ng. We sat in the booth by the kitchen and I watched my food sit in the window for 10 minutes before it was brought to me. I am not too familiar with German food, but the wings were soggy, the fish tacos were so expensive and not that great, and those garlic fries should have been free. I will not return even with the $10 gift card he gave me. It was a but too expensive for the meh.Came out of Jazz fest starving. Hosts very friendly but waiters service extremely poor. Had to call waiter from other section for drinks because ours didn't bother to bring menus or even noticed we were sitting.
Ordered some appetizers, cheeseburger, 3 lobster and shrimp tacos and the seafood stew.  Food took 2hrs to get out!! and was not good at all.  The seafood stew is greasy and tastless.Crap food, can't believe it's a la carte and that dang expensive..Fleming's or Ruth Chris is a way better option...Overall just one more bad experience to add to the dozens we had here at Harass New OrleansStopped in for lunch and it was pretty good. Service was slow and our waitress was professional but not very talkative or friendly. Prices are higher than I expected but comparable to other places.Got there late with a very large party.  Had no idea it was close to closing.  The very rude server made sure we ALL knew though.  Crab and artichoke appetizer was great, but ribeye was horrible.  Based on service alone, I won't return.This place is the absolute worse. Two star rating is generous. Ordered  an overpriced burger that was barely edible and a side salad that was laughable. The meat was mealy and lacked in flavor and presentation. The salad was a joke. $20 wasted. Never ever again. So dissatisfied.Waited forever for our food and when it came it was still wrong. No one cared and no one asked if how the dinner was etcCouldn't even chew the steak and it was a ribeye, which should have been tender. Not impressed and entire meal was a waste of money.This restaurant was on the way back from my hotel after a volleyball tournament at the convention center. Me and my family walked in at 10:20 PM asking for a seat, but was told that they were closing (they close at 11:00 PM). We had to fight with the hostess to even get a seat. 
Then once we actually got a seat the service was very very slow even though they were not very busy. It almost seemed like everyone working was too focused on wanting to go home rather than serving their customer. 
The food it's self was pretty good despite the long wait for everything. I enjoyed my veggie burger with garlic fries. 
Overall I give this restaurant 2 stars because it's lacking some very vital elements.Was a solid place. We needed a place to watch the Saints-Falcons game and also to kick back with our co-workers and get away from customer dinner. We tried all the apps and were really good. The egg or spring rolls were the best. Calamari great as well. Entrees were good. Service excellent and beers as well.Went to this place last night after a flight in from Nashville. Wow! Will be going back before I fly back out. Best server ever -Bill! Best selection of BREW!!!!  and yummy starters menu. Highly recommend!Kandice, was a very good server. Alway on point. The turkey burger was delicious, the new mini brats was cute but filling.Horrible service and they ran out of Ahi Tuna so 3 of us had to change our orders midway through. Our food took forever; food was mediocre. And then when it came time to split the checks it took them forever to figure it out and run our cards. Avoid this place and save yourself the time.My family and I came here to escape the madness of the french quarter, and it was delicious. The waiter was super friendly and really attentive and I absolutely loved my cajun pasta. Go there, try it, love it. I noticed that they have a giant party room too.Ehhhh...
We didn't know this before we ate here...but this is your typical brewery chain restaurant.  We were disappointed because we wanted some local flavor, and got this dump.  
The food was pretty bad and "chain" like.  Think having a bad mean at Applebees with more salt.  Their seafood was sub par and the appetizers were pretty bland.  
Id never go here again.  So not much of a lengthy review needed.  Just stay away.Delicious food, cold beers and Scott tending the bar made for a delightful experience.  Even when I lost most of my winnings at Harrahs, Scott welcomed me back to the bar to responsibly drink off my irresponsible gambling sorrow.   
That was my first night ever in New Orleans so my first impression was a lasting one.Garlic fries are great but service was terrible. Don't try to joke with Ronnie the server he has no sense of humour. Also watch the charges on your credit card bill if you use one, I got my bill in the mail and the restaurant rounded up.
Edit: I have been stewing on this for 7 months on  whether I should write what I think really happened this night and debating but I think that what happened was so vile and disgusting that people dining here need to know. My party of around 7 or 8 came in for a late dinner. We kept asking for this and that and I jokingly said "please don't spit in our food" because I thought we were being a pain in the arse. Ronnie took this very personally and went on and on about how they don't do that. We gave our orders and while waiting for our food I saw Ronnie talking to kitchen staff. I distinctly heard the words "spit" and "food" so I guessed he was telling the kitchen employee what I said. I listened longer to hear the kitchen staff ask "what did she have?" And Ronnie say "the steak". Now I can't say that for sure something happened, and yes I begrudgingly ate the steak and did not get sick, but this has been floating around in my brain for the past 7 months. I've been wondering exactly what happened and what they did to my food. The movie "Waiting..." comes to mind and I shudder to think of what they might have done to my food that night (check out the movie if you haven't seen it). I just think people should know about this and deeply consider whether you want to eat here. So as for the actual meal, the steak was really not very good and a tiny one at that, the prosecco was flat, garlic fries were so good I recreated the recipe and now enjoy it at home. The bill charges to my credit card were rounded up, I am guessing Ronnie didn't think the tip was big enough as I was perturbed by his conversation with the kitchen staff member and left a minimal tip. I will not be returning here ever again!This is a pretty good restaurant! It doesn't feel like a chain restaurant, even though it is one. I got in with 2 other people at 6:30 on a Friday night without a wait and the service was fast and personable.Wonderful place to have lunch or dinner while watching a sporting event. The food and service is excellent with a great selection of in-house draft beer. You must order the famous garlic fries, they are the signature dish. Check in with Yelp and you get a free order.We stumbled on this place. Cute atmosphere, but kind of dark inside. The food was good. I didn't care too much for the artichoke and crab dip, too creamy. The bacon vinaigrette was delicious! Garlic fries were good.Terrible. The cheeseburger took 50 minutes and was barely warm. Wrong kind of fries. Didn't tell me that all food would be at least an hour. The night before had the rib eye. Nothing but fat on top of an enormous pile of garlic mashed that had no flavor and cold squash/zucchini mix. If you can't handle the crowd, don't open when it's busy. Never again.Great and Tasty Beer Selection nice Bar! Would come back.
They having owned brewed Beer with German backround on Tap!We had to stop at the brewery while in town.  We enjoyed the beers, but my allergies were going crazy that day!  We asked the waiter, Ronny, if he could bring us some garlic to ease my stuffiness, and he brought a delicious olive oil, parsley and garlic dish with bread.  It really worked in clearing my sinuses up!  Ronny was super attentive and friendly.  It made our stop into Gordon Biersch awesome!I've been to a few of these places that had just the bar and a limited menu but last night was the first time I went to their full restaurant.
I had the lobster and shrimp tacos which were great but one of my companions had the cajun pasta that was a bit over cooked. The calamari appetizer was just a little too greasy but the garlic fries were excellent. 
Our waiter on the other hand, wasn't so great. I'm assuming he was either new and inexperienced or just sucked at his job. Less than a minute after we sat down and before we even had a chance to look at the menu, he came over and asked if we knew what we wanted to drink. Not yet, so we asked for water. When he came back he only brought two glasses (there were three of us) and got the third after we ordered. When he came back with the food he slammed a dish down on the table an inch from my hand and all he said was "ah, the plate's a little hot". It was not and really, he was just carrying too many dishes. He seemed to be doing a lot of aimless wandering because every time I looked up, he was in a different section of the room and didn't appear to be looking for something to do or someone to help. He came by to refill my water only once right before we were done eating and after we gave him our credit card to pay the bill, he went to the next table and took the orders of the people sitting there. I'm not in the restaurant business, but when a customer is paying the bill, that's a pretty obvious indication that they want to leave. Basically this guy was just oblivious to everything.Gordon Biersch Restaurant and Brewery next to Harrah's is awesome, the wings have a this spicy/sweet Chili Märzen sauce and the Beer-Braised Steak Tips were amazing (simmered in a mushroom Märzen demi-glace with bacon jam, caramelized onions, mushrooms & tomatoes) the sliders were great too, I have no idea how this Vanilla Créme Brûlée got in my pictures, Bartender was very friendly and personable too, hell even the water tasted extra goodAgree with Yvonne P. Never been to this chain and went in for a quick bite after flying in.  Lots of open tables during the peak time so that might have been an indicator.  The host staff seemed like robots and not very welcoming.  The server said they are known for their crafted from scratch food and beers.  Ordered fish and chips and chicken bruschetta with linguini.  Fish was salty on the outside and bland and tasteless on the inside.  It's not right if you have to drown it out with sauce just to eat it.  The chicken was pre cooked and dry as if it sat around before serving..yuck.  Pasta, well that a no brainer but was also served lukewarm.  Just a lackluster experience all the way around.Ate here for lunch yesterday.  Nothing too exciting.  With all the wonderful local cuisine and unique eateries, this spot felt out of place and too clean for New Orleans!  Don't get me wrong, I ate healthier here with the seared Ahi salad than I have anywhere else on this trip and I enjoyed it.  I just like to eat at unique places when I'm traveling.  This restaurant was convenient to the convention center though!Food here is excellent as is the in house brewed beer.  The seared Ahi tuna is amazing.  It comes with their new Quinoa Kale salad as a side dish which is amazing.  
The hostesses could be a bit more friendly, but the service from the wait staff made up for their rudeness.Servers are excellent here.  We returned twice with both servers providing top notched service.  Food and beer were great!!!Horrible hostess--simple not interested in helping people or being there period! Four stars because of the great food and food service. Also, they give out kids menus with games to keep them occupied but no crayons. The burgers and garlic fries were fabulous and mixed well with the amber draft. Be sure to get your parking validated.Terrible service. Bad food. Anything is better than what they serve here. 
I ordered a spinach salad with grilled chicken. What they brought me was lettuce with deep fried chicken strip that were so hard that I couldn't even chew them. After I told the waiter about it, he said he will fix it and he never did until we got tired and left.The garlic fries were garlicky. Wow. Good burger.  The atmosphere was good and our server was polite and prompt.  I would go back and have some cocktails.A few friends and I stopped by for a few drinks while in the area.  I used my free garlic fries offer that yelp had.  We unfortunately never received them.  The girls ordered the house Cabernet.  Turns out they were out of it, so without telling us they charged us for another red wine that cost 40% more.  I guess it's normal to assume it's ok to change an order and change a $7 house wine to an $11.50 glass??    When we asked the waiter made it seem like we were crazy for asking why the bill was so high.  Needless to say overall poor experience.  There are many excellent LOCAL places to visit that are probably better option.  Normally I have a good experience at this chains' other locations.I am a native to New Orleans. My fiancee' and I frequent the place. The fresh Ahi  tuna and the blue crab and artichoke dip were excellent. Fish tacos, spot on! Ask for Carl to be your server, he was extremely attentive. I wish every restaurant had a Carl. Customer service at its best!Never been a huge fan of this chain, but this one wasn't too bad. I was in during a slow time so service was great, and they had some collaboration brews with local breweries. I prefer local beer over the big chain, so this was a plus for me.This used to be a great place to go.  They had a great beer selection and the food was good.  Recently though, the food has gone down hill and they will advertise a certain kind of beer and then tell you that they aren't carrying it anymore.  The last few times we have gone there to eat, it seems like something is wrong: the food is cold, takes over an hour to get your food or they completely forget you ordered in the first place.  The garlic potatoes are great.
It is a chain restaurant like Fridays but with a different feeling throughout the place.  Don't try to reserve it for a special event, they never call you back.We go here quite often.  My man loves his beer, what can I say?    It is really kind of hit and miss at this place.   Sometimes it is really good and sometimes it is not.   Our most recent visit  was a hit.    My choice was a lemon chicken dish with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus.  My man had one of the specials for October-fest to go with his special October-fest beer; I think it was a chicken schnitzel dish.  He said it was really good and I was in agreement after my little bite.     We were well attended by our waitress Katie.    We will be back and hope that there are no more misses.  We shall see.I'm a regular love this place I always ask for Janis , Jeff , or Cora as servers love them always friendly and professional ,but I generally enjoyed dining here, fun atmosphere  for games ,nothing fancy good solid food .... Fish tacos, lobster Mac , and the crab dip are a few of my favs. Gets really packed for games so get there earlyThe house salads are SO good, nothing fancy but really hit the spot. Also the check in bonus was really nice, free garlic fries. They were tasty and an nice extra if all you want is soup and salad. The staff was friendly & service better than average.OK for an amplified burger and beer joit.  Beer was good.  Brewed on the premises.  My burger was killer in the fat and taste department.  Our service was just excellent.  A super friendly cajun boy.Good service and the portions were huge.  Lots of beer to choose from and many options on the menu.   The chicken snitzle was deliciousI knew this was a train wreck the minute we walked in. The hostess refused to even acknowledge us.  When I asked for a table, she proceeded to tell me that it would be 25 minute wait. That would be acceptable had the restaurant been actually full - but it was not.  We waited 5 minutes and were taken to our table.
We opted for a few appetizers but none of them were worth eating. The crab artichoke dip came with bread that was too salty and burnt.  
Throw in apathetic wait staff to the mix and you get the opposite of "southern hospitality".Across the street from Harrah's casino. Walking distance so decided to stop in for dinner. They don't have Miller and Stella beer, but other beers that are brewed on site. It's a German franchise so the food isn't "New Orleans-esque". We got a free order of their famous garlic fries with $10 purchase and a Yelp review. Mussels look great; can't wait to try. Good service. They have a self seat bar area and dining tables as well. Dim lighting; great ambiance for group or date. Upbeat music. Bartender seemed very knowledgeable and nice.We were a party of 6 dining before the SugarBowl. We were seated immediately and hosts were friendly. Our server, Michael did not approach our table at all. I had to get up and ask the host to inform the waiter that we were waiting. After 15 minutes he arrived. Disheveled, shirt coming untucked. He never apologized for making us wait and was not  friendly.  We had 2 burned burgers, average salmon and beverage served in dirty glassware. We could feel the grime on the outside of the glass. Every year we attend the SugarBowl and every year we eat at This restaurant. This year will be the last time.I have been to other Gordon Biersch and went to this one because it was close to my hotel and I was too tired to walk around.  The service was nonchalant but not bad.  I had the house-made shrimp and crab tacos which were pretty good.  They were not like any I'd had before-they had both corn tortilla (fried) and wrapped outside with a flour tortilla.  There are a lot of restaurants in New Orleans that are great but in a pinch, this one is ok.3 stars is solely based on the burger, it was great. Everything else left a lot to be desired. Upon our arrival, the bartender greeted us politely and invited us to choose our own seats. We sat down and waited for our server. Another team member gave us menus and said our server would be right over. Our server,  Janis, arrived and I don't think she could have wanted to be anywhere less than she wanted to be serving us.  We received no greeting or introduction.  I only learned her name upon receipt of our check. She asked "What do you want to drink?", my husband and I responded and she left the table without a word and returned with drinks. Her next question: "Do you want appetizers? ". We ordered the crab and risotto balls and a burger to split for our entree. The appetizer was dropped off without a single word from Janis. When we started eating the app, we realized it was still freezing cold in the middle. We would have liked a new, hot order, but Janis never returned to check back on us. Upon delivery of our burger she asked if it was cooked enough for us since it was cut in half already, which was nice since we were sharing. We said it was and she was gone. Not once did she check back to see if we were enjoying our food or needed anything. The burger was great and we loved it.  After we finished eating, my husband was eager to leave as we were going to see the Krewe du Vieux parade that evening. We managed to flag down Janis with a wave of my husband's Harrah's ID card. He asked her to please have a supervisor take his discount off the check and bring it to us, to save her a trip. Upon realizing my husband is a Harrah's employee and we were entitled to a discount, we received a look of sheer annoyance and disdain. I was happy to pay our check promptly and leave. We will be back simply to try the rest of the menu as all the food looks amazing and we are local. For our first visit, our experience was subpar solely based on our service. I spent years waiting tables and bartending, I know it's tough. Whenever we do return, I'll be sure to request anyone but Janis, who clearly needs vast improvement in her service skills.Came for dinner around 7:30 & seated with no wait. Received garlic fries as a complimentary app with Yelp check in.  We ordered Cajun Pasta & the Gordon Birch beer mushroom chicken.  2 massive entrées which were delicious.  Service was fast, friendly & had great suggestions for beers.  Noise level is a little high, but not off-putting.I'll make this simple I like the food and the in-house brewed beer but the service at the bar sucks on the most part. On my first trip which was OK I did have one good bartender and the gorgonzola ribeye. I also had several of the seasonal house brewed beers called Maibock these were excellent. On my second trip because this place is so close to my hotel, I wasn't nearly as satisfied. The bartenders on this day were really snobby, didn't want to be bothered, and seemed to look though everyone. This time I just got an appetizer called The Pacific Rim combo this was mostly good except it was suppose to come with potstickers instead the kitchen substituted there sw egg rolls. I asked the female bartender about the pot stickers and she said she was going to fix it but never did. So not seeing any pot stickers in my future I went ahead and tried the egg rolls, big mistake. These things are horrific. These has a weird tasting filling littered with huge chunks of bone dry chicken not very appetizing. What's really sad is the sw egg rolls at Chili's are ten times better ouch! Maybe I'm being to harsh and might even end up here again out of convenience but this is my story and I'm stickin to it.Mindy is awesome.  I normally sit at the bar because I am needy---but Mindy was all over it with a smile!  She took care of our whole group, everyone was happy and the food and drinks were on par.I understand it was the superbowl and they weren't as prepared as they should have been, but our medium rare burgers were extremely well done and that's not acceptable. Also, they ran out of menus and silverware. really?
None of the beers I had were anything special despite the "brewery restaurant" in the name. The garlic fries were eh.
Too many amazing food/drink options in New Orleans to go thereHorrible service and they ran out of Ahi Tuna so 3 of us had to change our orders midway through. Our food took forever; food was mediocre. And then when it came time to split the checks it took them more than 20 min to figure it out and run our cards. Avoid this place and save yourself the time.Ate here a couple days ago. Solid performance if u stay away from the higher priced entrees. They always seem to disappoint. This time I had a great coupon for buy one get one so I got a marzden BBQ burger. Very good and med well as requested. Also got chicken sandwich. Avacado was plentiful. The garlic mashed spuds were not salty enough. The garlic fries were not as obscenely over garliced as usual. Too bad I like them uber garlicky. U cannow get refilled on fries just by asking. Drink specials were good but long enough stand tea was a bit anemic. I repeat here often. Do not like the blue cheese steak. Always poorly done with crumbles broken up to on top. Not gooey or awesome at all. Kitchen needs work at n this oneFood is usually better from past experiences. Not impressed at all this visit. Waitress was strange and kind of slow at times.Horrible management experience.  The manager on duty was inept and not hospitable. The server was great, but the kitchen was slow and our meals were brought behind acceptable times.  The manager apologized but didn't comp anything, even for those whose food was brought way later than others.  The overall feel was lackluster and they didn't care if we were here or not.  We won't be back.  Worst Gordon Biersch experience ever.Quick and friendly service. The Cajun Fish Tacos and Sirloin Tips were expertly prepared and delicious. We came for my birthday and even though we chose the bar area, it still felt very warm and intimate.Typical brewery food.  Nothing bad to say but nothing special either.  Adequate lunch spot with adequate food with adequate service.  
You know what to expect and the menu is varied enough that there is something for every palate.  I am not a beer drinker so I cannot comment on the quality of the products offered of the liquid variety.We stopped in for lunch and had their chicken blt sandwich. It was really good but the fries! Garlic fries were amazing. I finished my fries and took 1/2 of my sandwich home for later.Came a few weeks ago with my Mom for a quick lunch before flying home. The menu was so good we couldn't choose what to get. Our fantastic waitress Taylor was FANTASTIC! I manage a restaurant in San Francisco and I wanted to steal her and bring her back to work for me! She was attentive, helpful and truly was the highlight of our dining experiences for the entirety of our trip. Thank you Taylor for such a great lunch, keep up the good work! We will be back :)I tried the jambalaya with orzo..very spicy! I really should of come here for their beers but I had drinks. Maybe next time. I really enjoyed the house salad, wow very fresh!!
great ambianceWait was a little long considering it wasn't busy. Food was pretty good, wish my toast with my crab artichoke dip was toasted more. It was more like bread straight from the loaf.Terrible yet expensive food. The seafood Cobb salad I had was topped with thawed frozen pre cooked tiny shrimp and a couple tablespoons of crabmeat. It looked like something out of the prepared food section at albertsons. Avoid this place.So I understand that this is one of the big dog restaurants that you have to come visit if you're in New Orleans, but the New York strip that I ate here was one of the best I've had in recent memory. It's super hard to find a steak of this quality anywhere where I'm from, so I just really appreciate it. The garlic fries were awesome, and the mashed potatoes were also awesome.
I wish I had ordered more so I could have more to talk about. There were a couple of giant TV's, so I was able to watch the football game, too, which is always a plus.
Order the New York Strip.
Please.Great service sitting at the bar! We ordered shareable menu items- bbq chicken sliders and steak tacos. They were both really good!! Great service and friendly staff.Terrible experience.  One dish sent back and I should have sent my burger back.   It was like eating a hockey puck.  The worst part was the cleanliness of the restaurant. We sat at a table overlooking the kitchen. The counter where the food was being prepared was filthy and a couple of the staff were acting like clowns back there.   4 people at my table and none were happy.  The waitress was very nice, that's the only thing positive I can say.I've been to Gordon Biersch once in the past and I don't remember it being bad on that visit... this time however, it was bad.
Staff at the podium outside were more interested in a picture or video on somebody's phone than in helping us or seating us.
Our waiter wasnt a problem, and the reason for 1 of the stars.
The door to the kitchen has to be broken... everytime a server would go from the front to the kitchen the door would slam and rattle the wall. It slammed shut no less than 40 times in the 75 minutes we were there.  My coworkers and I go to restaurants on our lunch break to relax, not to listen to and feel a door slam over and over while we eat sub-mediocre bar food.
I work down the street, but we won't make the mistake of eating here again.
We were not drinking... but maybe the beer is so 'Aaah-mazing' you won't notice the door slamming over and over or that the food isn't very good... .Stopped in here  for an appetizer and beer. 
My server, Raelyn, was SUPER friendly and checked on me often. 
I had a flight of 6 beers, they were all delightful! 
Also had the Ahi tuna nachos , which for a sushi lover, were great! Very tasty. The only thing that could be improved was the amount of ginger on the chips. 
I really liked the food, beer and atmosphere!The food was bad but luckily the service was terrible.  :(
We had fish tacos, cajun pasta, jambalaya and a cheese burger.  Every single item was over-cooked.  The rice that came w/ the tacos was over cooked!  Save the tourist prices and go somewhere else.
By the way, the chief was walking around the kitchen and this was what we got.  Imagine if he weren't there.  Yikes.We will come back for lunch tomorrow . This restaurant is Close to our hotel lowes new Orlean and the price is fair .Save your money and go somewhere else.  Food was okay.  Service was slow and unfriendly.I ate here once after the Hornets watching crowds had left, so the staff was probably tired at this point and trying to recuperate.  However, our group was treated atrociously.  After we had waited forever to get a table, the food came out really late, and we were not given any silverware.  We waited for a few minutes to see if we could track down our server to get us some silverware, but we were starving.  So, a person from our group got up to grab some silverware that was sitting atop a vacant table nearby, only to be snapped at by one of their staff members who notified us that those silverware sets were for people who were coming into the restaurant but hadn't arrived yet!  Are you kidding me?!  I was so appalled by the rudeness.  When I finally tracked down our server, he apologized, but it seemed to get worse.  He brought us out plastic forks and knives to eat with.  Thus, after we had waited for over an hour to be seated and waited on, we were literally forced to stare at the food on our plates for an additional 15 minutes before we could actually bite into it using plastic silverware.  The manager ended up taking 25% off of our bill, which was a good move, but based on the service we received, I didn't think that was enough.  Thankfully, the food was pretty good; I really liked the salmon, but it wasn't worth our experience.  If I were to go here again, it would be for getting parking validated via a quick couple of drinks.Food was pretty good. Calamari appetizer wasn't very flavorful, however the chicken wings and sliders were 10/10. Service was awful. We waited over an hour for food. Probably won't be going back here.For good all-around food, come here. I came here for my 21st birthday a couple of years ago, and it was delicious. Plus, the staff is friendly! Recently, we came here for drinks on my friends birthday, and when we asked for the check, the waiter said the drinks were on him. Super nice! Oh and they validate parking!!! Great news considering the location where parking is scarce.Let me start by saying I'm very sad to give this bad review because I used to love this place but today's experience was awful. Our server was very nice but moved at a snails pace and the place was almost empty. I called when me and 6 others were walking over from the Riverwalk, and asked if they could reserve a table for 7? They said we would be able to sit immediately with no problem. I said we would be there shortly. Once we arrived we were greeted ( barely) by two hosts. They said they would get the table set now. It then took them over 15 minutes!!!! To set the table with maybe 3 other tables in the restaurant. 4 of our crew were children and after waiting 15 mins to be seated were all very cranky. We then sat and were greeted fairly quickly by our server. She took our drink orders and disappeared. She was very patient but very slow. We ordered the kids food and waited.... 45 minutes for it to come out. And when it did mine was slathered with ranch dressing with extra ranch on the side when I said no ranch at all... she took it off the bill but I went home hungry because I didn't have another 45 minutes to wait for a second sandwich and also was pretty sure they'd just replace the bun and give me back the same chicken. By the time we paid the bill and left, we had been there over 2 hours. Which is totally insane for what we had. I can't say that I will make any sort of effort to return and I truly used to be a regular. It didn't seem like one person working there cared....I enjoyed my avocado chicken sandwich. It was a little messy to eat as a take out item. (I think I would have enjoyed it better on a plate with a knife and fork.) I am guessing that I missed a big part of what makes this restaurant special by not eating in pairing my meal with a beer. It was yummy enough as take out to make me curious enough to go back in for the full experience.I was really was taken back by how good the food was here. I was really expecting something average - you know the typical bar food, but everything that was got was excellent. We started off with the crab dip - not overly fishy but overly cheesy :-) We then moved to the kicked up grilled cheese - three kinds of cheese, bacon, and tomato with a pesto-mayo sauce - yum. Great place to grab a quick bite, especially when its late and the only other places that are open are pizza places.I ate at the bar. The bartender recommended the fish tacos. Which were a really good choice. Top it off with a Czech Pilsner or 2, or 3, and you'll have a very good night.I had the opportunity to eat at Gordon Biersch for first time on 7/17/2015 for my brother's wedding rehearsal dinner. I was eager to try it due to the rave reviews & I am pleased to say that I wasn't disappointed. 
The event room was set up to seat 26 people with a preselected menu that included: an appetizer, a Caesar salad, three entree selections, & dessert. 
We had only one server who was attentive and patient with our large party needs & requests. The kitchen was slow with preparing our food to come out simultaneously but we entertained ourselves with toasts & speeches to the bride & groom. 
The glazed chicken wings & Caesar salad were good. Those who ordered the Alaskan salmon all agreed including myself that is was a bit dry & lacked seasoning, but the kale & quinoa was tasty. However those who ordered the pasta dishes stated that they were delicious (cajun pasta & lobster & shrimp mac n' cheese) & will order it again. For dessert we all had the triple chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream & we all loved it. 
Thanks Gordon Biersch for making this a memorable event for my brother, new sister-in-law, & family. We had a great time!I had the gastro pub burger and it was awesome!   Cooked the way I like (medium rare) and super juicy and super flavorful.  The service was ok.A group of 4 of us went here on Sunday to find a place to watch a football game. In terms of tvs and stuff it was great - and maybe for just drinks and a game it would be good - but I did not enjoy my dinner here. Also, one of the people in our group ordered a ginger ale, and then was told there were no refills for that particular soda, which just seemed a little odd. Meh.Great! The waitress acted like they committed a crime by having my beer out like 2 min late (I didn't even notice) and they brought me a larger size for the same price.So let me start by saying that the service tonight was wonderful. Janice did a terrific and amazing job of anticipating our needs and making the meal smooth and enjoyable.
The kitchen not so much; the CBLT sandwich is chicken and bacon, but the chicken came out so dry we left most of it on the plate. Fortunately, the garlic Parmesan fries are really well done and got scarfed down like there was a contest going on.
We had the chicken wing appetizer and it was ok. I think I'd try something different next time, though. My social coordinator seemed to enjoy them, but she was taking so much I wasn't sure she even tasted them. :)
She also really enjoyed her Hummus and Goat Cheese salad, too. (Ok, SEEMED to)
The company was the best part of the meal; well, our company and Janice; she was the bomb.
The place serves a lot of beer and, while we didn't partake, it seems to be the biggest draw. Probably would have made the sandwich edible, too, ha!Prices are reasonable. Service was good and kitchen was timely.
I had the Mediterranean pizza. Way too salty. The pizza was good if you could get past the salt. I would not order this again. This meal would be 2 stars.
Hubby had the steak pizza. He loved it. It was quite tasty.
The garlic parmesan fries were exactly that. I liked them. 
Server knew her beers and even gave us s sample to make sure it was what we wanted.Ate at Gordon Biersch  near the Hilton first night in town.  The fish & chips I had were made with real cod and were very good.  But If you are looking for authentic New Orleans this not it.   But that being said, the food and service were very good.Great service but the main courses were Ok at best. We started with a free appetizer courtesy of Yelp, check-in offer. We had Garlic Fries. Those were good and a twist on just fries. They prepare these with garlic and taste good. It's not a big plate and at a regular price of $6.95 , I would not have paid for them.
I ate their Mango salsa Jerk chicken taco, served with black beans and white rice. I thought great sweat mango salsa will be a great balance to the spicey flavor that I love in good jerk. Instead what I got was all sweat. The "jerk" chicken tasted bland and not warm. Plus the taco shell had that not so crisp taste.
My son ordered the pizza from the adult menu, I thought , well worst case I can help hm finish or take part with me. Small portion for $12. Ok taste, nothing to go nuts about. My wife and daughter split a cheese burger that they ate, but said tasted ok.
Overall, I was disappointed a bit with this place. I have eaten at the GB in Washington DC and we loved that place nd had expected similar here. I was let down, I'll give them maybe another try, but with so many options in NOLA, it maybe a while.