This place was absolutely awesome. 75 cent oysters. After 2 dozen I moved to the excellent cheesy grits. Great place to eat. Even better during happy hour.We ate here several times mainly because of the excellent Shrimp Ju-Ju appetizer.  In fact, our second night we had 2 orders of the shrimp.  We are grateful to our server, Colin, for recommending them our first night.   As I'm writing this review, I can still picture the shrimp and even better, I can still taste it.    There are a few dishes I dream about and this is one of them.      We also tried the fried calamari; it was good.    I'm from the north where we like marinara sauce with calamari.   In the south it seems to be served with sweeter soy or  sweet chili based sauces which I'm still getting used to.    Our entrees were very good: po-boy and fish of the day.     It's a nice place ambiance wise in a very good location.      I will give a shout-out to Colin for recommending the Shrimp Ju-Ju.Amazing!!! Alligator wings so delicious! Professional  guys work here, high recommendSat outside for an early dinner before the Kentucky Derby. We had the chicken, ribs and macaroni, and the Brie and crab hand pie. All of it was great, the meat was all tasty and tender. The macaroni was very cheesy and had a hint of black pepper. The hand pie, which is new to the menu, was my personal favorite. You could taste the crab and it came surrounded by a well complimented creamy cocktail sauce. Highly suggest everything we had!I enjoyed Grand Isle so much that I came back twice during my one week stay in New Orleans!  Highly recommend sitting right up at the bar so you can watch the oysters being shucked - very cool!
Trip One:
It was my first night in New Orleans and I was starving!  I went on Yelp to see what was around my hotel and noticed that Harrah's casino was right across the street.  Having been the Harrah's in Atlantic City several times (more times than I'd like to admit), I knew that there had to be good restaurants associated with the casino.  I strolled into Grand Isle around 7pm on a Tuesday night, and thankfully it wasn't busy.  I took a seat at the bar and ordered my first local beer - the Nola Blonde.  For an appetizer, I ordered the shrimp gumbo - how touristy of me!  It was really good!  Everything shrimp gumbo should taste like.  For dinner, I decided on the house made gator sausage po boy.  OH MY GOD amazing!  The flavors worked so well together and the gator sausage was delicious.  I knew instantly that I'd be getting this again before I headed back to PA.
I'm not sure if martinis were on special that night, but I saw a ton of them being ordered.  The ladies next to me got louder and more hilarious as the night went on, so I'm assuming the martinis were pretty good haha.
Trip Two (two days after trip one):
My boyfriend arrived in New Orleans and I told him I had to take him to a few, great restaurants I had tried earlier in the week.  We headed over to Grand Isle!  For an appetizer, we got the Isle Sampler of oysters.  All of them were delicious, but the oysters fulton (with bacon, cheddar, and onions) was my favorite.  So good!  For entrees, I once again ordered the gator sausage po boy and my boyfriend got the shrimp caminada po boy (which had apparently won an award at the po boy festival in the past year or two).  You've already read my review about the gator po boy, so let me tell you about the shrimp caminada:  IT WAS DELICIOUS.  Asian herb slaw was amazing and the shrimp was plentiful.  I can see why this won awards.
We spoke with the bartender a little bit, who was a super nice guy.  Turns out he's from NJ, so it was nice to run into someone from our homeland.
In short:  Go to Grand Isle.  Get some oysters, shrimp caminada po boy, the gator po boy, and a lot of beer (and maybe some martinis? haha).  You won't be disappointed!This was an outstanding experience. Great customer service great food will come back again try Lane Snapper the whole fryAfter searching forever we land here, wait for a table of 8 was only 30 min... Really good for last min and no reservation. Our Server Kendra handled the table cool and calm. Her energy gave a home feel to the restaurant. We had a few appetizers, my personal favorite was the onion rings and the oysters. I did not like the gumbo, would not recommend that. For my entrée I had the Mahi Mahi it was a bit plain but overall the dish was good. And last but not least my dessert... Best is almost last, I had the milk chocolate cheesecake with a coffee, omg it was soooo yummy. I give Grand Isle a 5star for service, food, and atmosphere. :)The food took a long time to come. If the kitchen had been fast I would have given it 5 stars.Came here for dinner but the wait was 2hrs long so we sat at the bar.... soooo glad we did. Firstly, jason is THE best bartender. He recommended the shrimp n grits for dinner, lets just say it wasnt only orgasmic because the flavor just explodes in your mouth, it tastes homemade and makes you feel happy inside. You also need to try the baked oyester for appetizer. I can die happy. Ill give this place 4 stars cuz of jason and his amazing recommendation and the ambiance at the bar. Tip him well!I had the boiled gulf shrimp appetizer and the chicken with roasted vegetables entre'. Everything was fresh and delicious. The wait staff are attentive, friendly, and happy to fulfill any request they can. I had a very enjoyable lunch even though I was unable to finish everything.This place never disappoints.  John had the alligator sausage po boy and I had the boiled shrimp.  Yummy shrimp, the best I've had in along time.  We were looking forward to the Duck debris po boy but it's no longer on the menu.  When visiting for dinner you must try the cold smoked Tuna.  Can't be beat!Went to the restaurant on a Friday evening and it was not busy with the exception of a bachelor party. The food was not bad but okay at best. The Creole Catfish was okay but not flavorful, the Seafood gumbo needed some serious help with flavor and temperature. The Chicken and Sausage gumbo had good flavor but was warm at best. The bowl was smokin' hot though. The Fish sandwich was fair. Now the service was excellent! Cannot say enough good things about the excellent front staff! The price is a bit much for the food.This place is great! The bartenders are wonderful and the oyster bar delivers great company! The atmosphere is easy and not pretentious as other restaurants of this caliber can be. Thanks for a great dinner, drinks, and company!Nice location and nice looking restaurant.  Our waitress was good also.  Unfortunately, my husband and  I were very disappointed in the food, especially for the price.  We went in on a Thursday evening and the restaurant was nearly empty, which should have probably been our first clue.Enjoyed the shrimp poboys... We tried each kind and thought they were both good. The highlight was the lemon ice box pie, so made up for the somewhat slow service.Nice waiter! Onion rings and Fried calamari was alright but the Entrees are tasteless. Creole Catfish is a No No and the ribs are not that good either.I usually like the oysters here but this time I had lunch.  Mediocre at best and really enjoyed a disgruntled server dropping the fbomb through the bar cause the bartender was busy and they had to pour a glass of wine.Not how you expect a business to be ran, un professional on so many levels. Just open your eyes and pay attention. Food is great, the cooks are just way to in consistent on cooking and presentation for the price you have to pay. Will never return back.I had a hard time with this one. Most of the options were a little pricey and not a huge variety to choose from (I mean, $17 for a burger). I ended up getting the Cajun catfish in a tomato-y sauce with rice on the side. It was alright but lacked some flavoring. Several at our table got the shrimp po'boy and looked like that would've been a much better optionAn cajun restaurant with local flavors, warm decor, and friendly service by the Harrah's Hotel (on the edge of the French Quarter). We were here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by their reasonable pricing and fresh ingredients. The oysters were great, as were the beignets. I didn't try the gamba but my friend loved it. 
I tried the crawfish, which was good but too salty. Everything was way too salty in my plate including the corn. Salt was allowed (sadly) to take over everything. The amount of salt attacked my palettes rather than enliven them. 
The whole dish was spicy which was fine. It was the saltiness that's a problem. 
Service was efficient and very friendly, which is a redeeming point. A beautiful restaurant with just the right noise level.Went to this place obviously geared to out of town conventioneers because it was convenient to meeting co-workers all staying at various hotels around the convention center.  My low expectations were easily met.  As expected the food was incredibly bland, boring, and fairly bad. I felt like I was in an old-school chain restaurant, like a place out of the early 90s.  The adventureless palates were predictably satisfied and were at home with the uninspired menu and the server's schtick. If you care about food, there are far better options in this town.  I really want to give it only one star, but that feels a bit like piling on.My sister asked me if I was hungry at 10 PM and we were sitting in Grand Isle around 1030.  I think they close at 11 PM. You can imagine how annoying this might be to the staff, but we didn't detect a hint of annoyance. 
 I'm pretty sure our server's name was Michelle.  She was phenomenal.  Very kind and helpful.  My sister tends to ask 15 questions about one dish and then ends up ordering something completely different.  Michelle (if that was her name) wasn't even phased. 
 I started off with the crab cake, which was really great.  Someone remind me to take pictures next time.  Then I had the brisket.  It had a nice flavor and the presentation was cool.  They served it atop the lyonnaise potatoes with green beans.  It was moist and really tender.  Overall, it was well worth the money.  The entree was $18, I think.  
For desert I had the no flour chocolate cake.  It was really dense; almost a fudge consistency.  I'm a big fan of a flour-less cake.  I also had some french press coffee.  The coffee wasn't the best I had ever had, but it was very caffeinated and I do love that.
Appetizer, entree, desert, coffee and tip all came to $52 dollars for me. My sister and her husband were $86 for 2 alcoholic drinks, New York strip, a burger and desert. That's quite a bit of bang for your buck.  I will definitely be back.There service is amazing. The food was over the top. Crawfish & Mac-n-Cheese was to write home about.  Oysters were outstanding.  Hopitoulas on draft, what else could a family need!  Great Job Grand Isle...  We'll be back for sure.Came for lunch on the recommendation of a native Louisianan. 
Shrimp basket was good, Mac & Cheese reminded me of Easy MAC with bread crumbs added. Not impressed. 
Poboy bread was good. Shrimp was not the same as the basket. More popcorn shrimp that nice sized. 
No sweet tea?!  Why.... really. No seriously. Why. 
Boiled shrimp appetizer had no Cajun seasoning was simply just boiled with garlic, very lack luster. 
Probably wouldn't come back but maybe it's due to us coming when they had just opened for the day? Either way was NOT impressed.The new and improved..... great nig window views bright and friendly. ..the place for burgers too...I do not know what is happened to this place but the service has gone completely down hill. I can't tell if the kitchen really sucks or the food sits around too long before it comes to the table or everybody is in the back smoking but something is definitely off and it didn't used to be like this... it was better food and serviceFood was great but the service was absolutely unacceptable.  Waitress was a mess and took 45 min to get our check right.My boyfriend and I visited New Orleans for my first time and we decided to eat here for some authentic southern cuisine and high quality seafood. He was already familiar with the food so he ordered a alligator poboy and it was delicious! I wasn't familiar with the menu so I asked our server Robin for recommendations. He suggested oysters and the fish sandwich with fries and I absolutely loved the jalapeño aoli and my boyfriend loved the cocktail sauce he made for the oysters.  It was delicious, the service was great, and the atmosphere was very nice. I will definitely visit again we visit Nola!Their burger is top flight. So is the shrimp and grits. Highly recommend this place. Got to sit in the French Doors. Beautiful weather.  Mark the waiter is outstanding.I am a New Orleans native, and eat out often. I tried Grand Isle last night with a friend. The service was terrible - it took 2 hours to get oysters and a salad. Food was average. To add insult to injury they add an automatic 20% gratuity. When I asked the manager - Lyn - about it, she said it is written in small print at the bottom of a long menu. It is not posted anywhere else. When I asked her to reduce it because of the service, she turned her back on me and walked away. It was the rudest treatment I have ever received in New Orleans. It is a tourist resturant catering to tourists, they do not care about locals or return diners. BEWARE!We did a "Cook and Catch," where we caught fish in the bayou and brought it to the restaurant.  Chef Glen put an amazing meal together: 12 filets for 3 of us, grits, spinach and a delicious corn dish.  Satisfied my California pallet without question.  Delicious, nuanced and well prepared.  Staff was great too!Our concierge recommended this place for a late lunch.  We had huge po boys!  My catfish po boy was very flavorful.  The fries that came with it were "meh".  We were happy with what we ate, and we were so full for the rest of the day, we didn't have dinner!  We thought that the prices were okay.  One of the less expensive places we ate at in NOLA, but also more casual.  I would definitely pick this place over the food court at the Riverwalk if you're at the convention center.So.....this location was recommended by one of the hotels during our stay. We had a rather large party and ordered a bunch of a Appetizers. Calamari was awesome....everything else was kinda regular. Mac & Cheese is really good! Was oversold on the Alligator Wings by the waiter.Let me start with our hostess. I didn't get her name but we walked in with one in our party who is allergic to shell fish she went back to kitchen and made sure that he would be perfectly safe. Then our server MARK this man knows and loves his job. He recommend the boiled shrimp and I played this shrimp heads but they were amazing he also recommend fried crawfish oysters ham and cheddar sandwich and the mahi mahi we ordered all of it and holy cow it was amazing I recommend this place to everyone great staff great food great atmosphere.What can I tell you something about this restaurant?  The place is CHAMP!  Service is very good.  I ordered prawns in spicy sauce in small pan twice (earlier in the afternoon and again evening) and someone in my group ordered thin onion rings.. they are soo delicious and yummy.  My tasting buds are craving for that sensuality food.  When I visit NOLA, I must go to that place again..have more prawns and onion rings to eat!We were lucky.  Our waiter, Mark, enjoys food as much as we do.  His recommendations were right on the mark.
We started with 2 glasses of red wine and the Mr. George's Onion Rings $5.  What a surprise and treat.  We are not fried onions eaters but this plate was cooked to perfection.  The batter on thin, delicate and very flavorful.  Onion cooked just enough without being soft.
Cindy's main course was the Chili Butter Baked Escovar Fish Baked with Compound Chili Butter $18.95.  Perfectly cooked - very moist with lost of flavor.
My dish was a Pork Shank serviced with a delicious sauce around $21.  The meal was excellent even though the pork was a little dry due to being slightly over cooked.
The 3 items were our waiter's favorites so I can't recommend anything else on the menu.  Overall a nice experience.Tried the St. Louis ribs, the meat fell off the bone it was so tender. The BBC sauce wasn't really anything special. It came with Mac and cheese and I enjoyed it quite a bit. Fast and friendly staff, the server was fast to refill my water all 6 times seeing as I was quite hungover.Terrible experience. Waited over an hour for our food when the restaurant was empty then waited an additional 45 minutes to get the check. We asked them to split our check four ways (like it says on the menu) and gave a written breakdown of each check. The waitress came back with one large check after we gave her a breakdown of the bill TWICE. Then she proceed to complain about having to divide the checks. We asked for itemized copies several times and never got them. Good food but terrible experienceLooking for good crayfish?.... this NOT the place. I was sorely disappointed. They were small, not spicey, flavorless ... and I had to send them back because they came out cold. I was not impressed with raw oysters, either. A real disappointment for New Orleans. On the other hand the Brussels sprouts coleslaw was quite tasty.I tried the Shrimp Caminada Po-Boy and the stuffed burger. Both were delicious. When you walk in you notice the fresh herbs being grown right outside. They are deliciously loaded on the poboy for a nice fresh flavorful full bodied taste. It's light and perfectly portioned for summertime. My favorite was the stuffed burger. It's stuffed with cheeses and good tasting herbs that look like they're freshly grown right outside the restaurant. I enjoyed it quite a bit. I would recommend that burger any time.The location for this place is great.  It's right near places like Ernst's and Manning's, and the atmosphere is not bad.  They have big windows and lots of TVs, but you can still hear people talk at your table.  I've been here a few times, usually during Mardi Gras, and I had never really had anything that stood out from the tons of other restaurants that serve a seafood heavy menu.  Fried shrimp, standard po-boys, etc....while they are okay, their versions didn't really pop.  This past MG, I went the day after Endymion, and decided to try a po-boy that was highlighted as a past winner at the Po-Boy Festival, the Shrimp Caminada.  This was the menu item that set the restaurant apart.  It featured sauteed shrimp rather than fried, and some kind of Asian slaw that had cilantro.  Three people at my table got this, and one person had to send his back because of the cilantro.  I really enjoyed mine, but think the bread could have been treated better since it kind of fell apart.  Still though, the bread didn't go past the point of "eat with a fork", so it wasn't totally bad.  Basically, it took me a few tries to find Grand Isle as a place that made itself unique.  Since things like a fried shrimp po-boy can be found most anywhere, venture from the standards because Grand Isle just might have something you dig.I love shrimp and grits, but my entree completely missed the mark. The shrimp on top of the grits were the tiniest shrimp I've ever seen - they looked exactly like the bagged frozen grocery store shrimp used in salads. They were NOT fresh Gulf shrimp, nor were they as pictured here. We counted 27 of them. They were boiled, not grilled, pan-fried or sauteed. The tasso gravy was tasty, but there was so much of it that it completely overwhelmed the grits. Very disappointing.This restaurant was simply ok. It got such rave reviews so perhaps my expectations were too high? Nonetheless everything about it was ok. Let me tell ya why...
The ambiance was nice. The decor was modern and unpretentious. Tables were spread far enough apart that you could enjoy a conversation without hearing your neighbor blab about her boyfriend's snoring or her irritating mother in law. They are also able to accommodate large groups comfortably. 
Food was pretty good...the problem? The portions were tiny. They were like designer little meals (with the matching price) in a setting that would be more fit for upscale burgers and such. My +1 had the duck and she was not feeling it. I had the brisket which was delish. Tiny but it tasted wonderful! For dessert we had peach cobbler, which was pretty good, and the lemon pie thingy. Our waiter raved about it so again I think I was expecting too much. It tasted like key lime pie. Pretty good but nothing over the top.
Service was spot on. Our waiter was friendly and for the most part attentive. I really liked that he paid special attention to food allergies. It's always a plus to walk out of the restaurant alive. 
All in all the was a decent experience. I would likely not return just because there are so many other wonderful places to try in the area. If you decide to check it out get the brisket, you won't be sorry.3 stars because the bar staff was great. Walked in and no one was at the hostess station to seat me so I went to the bar area. A friend recommended that I try the bread pudding but I've had better. The shrimp and grits was amazing! I was under the weather and the bartender made me a hot toddy and was very attentive which made up for the lack of service upon my initial arrival. Can't say I was impressed enough to returnThis place was awesome! The oysters were great along with the Cobia fish and boiled shrimp. And the management was exceptional. We will definitely go back.Caminada PoBoy is the best poboy in the world(although not traditional). Its a must have. Waiter Steven was great too. I cant wait to come back to nolaOysters very good, raw and baked, but service was very slow and not very customer friendly. Waitress was awful and not sure she really wanted to serve our 10 top. Food was ok but don't think I'll ever return.Fish was very old tasting. 
The restaurant felt like a tourist only restaurant. 
Wait staff was average. 
The outdoor seating was nice.I have been to this restaurant twice in the last year. Both times i have enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  Fresh ingredients and tasty meals. Prices are reasonable. I will go there again.The worst ever. They think your are a tourist and inflate your bill. Manager did nothing. I never got what I ordered. Horrible service. I went to the manager three times with complaints. She should have taken over our table or watched over it. The first thing that happened was the waiter brought the drinks out and never poured the wine. We had to continue to serve ourselves. I when to the manager because it had been over an hour since we ordered. Note place was 1/3 full. It took over an hour to get our food and I didn't get what I ordered. She offered to get it but who wants it after another 1/2 wait. She said she would comp dessert. I ask for a reduction in price and she still just wanted to comp dessert. The night before I had spent $321 there and had a great time. I told her that and her response was less then satisfactory. We had two tables and we were ready to leave I saw my son staring at his bill. $150 for a couple drinks and dinner. That when I had to get her again. Poor customer handling skills. Patrick thanks for the night before but that manager doesn't have good customer skills. She lost a repeat customer.The Onion Rings are lightly fried and thin, the way I prefer my onion rings.  (The half-an-onion dipped in half-an-inch-of-batter style onion rings that most places do are simply gross).  The Ribs were delicious...well-seasoned, messy as all get-out, and the meat was falling off the bone.  The sauce that the Shrimp are served in was delicious...I could've sat there all night long dipping a loaf of french bread in it, sopping up every last little speck...and then ordered more.  The Sazeracs I had were well-made, and during Friday evening happy hour were a bargain at $5 a pop.  In fact, of the several Sazeracs I sampled all across the city, these were the best Sazeracs I had in New Orleans all week long.  (That being said, I've had better elsewhere in NY).
The Steak Tacos were a bit of a letdown...they took forever to come out after I ordered them, and were served cold.  I'm not sure if they were supposed to be served cold, or if they had been sitting back there for so long that they became cold.  But when I say cold, I mean *cold*...not luke warm.  The other slight letdown was the Bacon Brownie.  It was good, but not great, and there wasn't enough bacon...you could barely tell it was in there.  In fact, if someone gave you a bite and didn't tell you beforehand that there was bacon in it, you probably wouldn't even know.  But the brownie itself was good.
I don't care how clean, polished, and business-tourist-oriented this place is designed to be, or the fact that it's not a place for locals.  That's for the locals to have a chip on their shoulder about, not me.  They do what they do well...for the most part.  And that's what matters.  In fact, I was more impressed with my experience here than I was at Bayona, and the bill was about half as much.Great food, great service and a Happy Hour!
Prices were a touch high but considering the location it's probably on the lower side for the area. I recommend you try it. If you get Summer for your waitress be sure to give her a hard time because she likes it!A great late, last minute dinner spot! We had just driven from Chicago, were so tired and hungry and this momma needed a drank!
I had a Po' Boy and was not disappointed. So fresh and delicious! And the fries were good, too. I forgot the name of the cocktail I had but it was whiskey something or other and hit the spot. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area. It was very nice and kid friendly at the same time.  Perfect location, kind, knowledgeable staff and great food and drinks! 
A little tip: always check out their specials for the day/night. They offered a great oyster/ beer special that I was bummed to pass up because I don't like oysters, haha. But it was a great deal!Walked into the restaurantd for lunch (march 1st 2012).
Basically, the service was amazing... Waiter seemed to love his job.
Food was really good - a bit on the pricey side though (ended up spending $60 for lunch for 2 of us - no alcohol).
I had the shrimp po boy - exceeded expectations.  My wife had crawfish and crab.  She really enjoyed as well.
I would definitely go back.We've been coming here since they opened.  This place never disappoints.  The smoked fried oysters are amazing!  You can order small plates, sandwiches or entrees.  Kid friendly with great food.The Grand Isle is right by the Harrah's hotel where we were staying. We went there for a late lunch around 3pm on Tuesday 8/7/12. It was before happy hour so it was not busy at all.  My mom and brother both had the shrimp poboy and I had the gator sausage poboy. The shrimp on their sandwiches was fantastic. It was my brother's first time having a poboy and he was in love after his first bite. I had never had gator before and the sausage was so yummy. It was a messy sandwich, but definitely worth it. We all loved our lunch.Happy hour 4-6:30 with half price beer on draft -local brews featured.  Liked Abita amberIn New Orleans for a couple of nights, the Valet at my hotel recommended Grand Isle to me because they're having a promo this month of oysters for $.55/each!  How can you pass that up in this town?  I couldn't and made the quick two block walk there.  I sat at the bar and downed a dozen oysters pretty quick.  I also had one of the most delicious beers; a NOLA Blond Ale, and it was so cold  (and it was so hot outside) that I wanted to jump in it, but I drank it instead!  The oysters were great, and then I had a Shrimp PoBoy, which turned out to be a little much.  I couldn't eat the bread on this sandwich, so I just ate the fixin's.  Another NOLA, and by the time I was done, I was DONE!
You may find me back here again tomorrow night, grabbing another dozen oysters, before heading out into the French Quarter for adventures unknown...While walking the streets of downtown New Orleans near our hotel on vacation recently, we were looking for a seafood restaurant to try. We made one of the best choices ever by picking the Grand Isle Restaurant. It was perfect weather and we could have chosen to sit outdoors or inside. It was St. Patrick's Day weekend and there was a lot of activity outdoors so we decided to stay indoors. The décor
inside was simple yet charming. We went during the day but noticed candles that are placed on the tables at night.
Our waiter commented on the band t-shirt my girlfriend was wearing and we had a quick chat about live music before ordering drinks. She had a
mixed drink/cocktail called the Blind Pig. I tried a version of Abita called Andy Gator for the first time and instantly became a fan.
My girlfriend ordered the small size Creole Catfish (Fried Des Allemands Catfish in Simmered Summer Tomatoes, Trinity, Aromatic Rice), which turned out awesome and better than imagined. I tried a chef's
original in house recipe, the Shrimp Caminada Po Boy which had Spicy Citrus Butter with Asian Herb Slaw. It has won awards before and the first taste proved why.
Maybe it was Irish luck that led us to try this amazing restaurant in New Orleans. We had no complaints and highly recommend it. We can't wait to visit again.Really enjoyed the ambience-outdoors in great weather. 
Food-raw oysters & smoked fried oysters were excellent. The étouffée was not remarkable which was disappointing 'cause this New Orleans & it should be the best. The bar menu was good & the service was spotty. The main server was great-his helper was not so good.We had dinner with friends @ Grand Isle last night. The food was was wonderful as usual. We got the boiled shrimp appetizer and spiced up the cocktail sauce w/extra horseradish, yum yum. The shrimp were huge, easy to peel, and very flavorful. My husband & I split the chili butter baked fish (it was swordfish last night). We almost always get this or 1 of us does because it has such a unique delicious flavor.  The onion rings here are fabulous and the fried oysters crisp & delicious. We always try to sit @ the bar and talk w/ Lee, Eric or  whoever is bartending. The employees are very friendly and attentive to your needs. One of our absolute favorite restaurants in the city.A nice restaurant with a beautiful patio shared by a few other establishments including mannings across the brick walkway. Do get a cocktail at mannings. Bloody Mary was nice at mannings but thanks to yelp we are at this place. Friendly service. Delicious oysters and good gumbo. The gumbo benefitted from hot sauce. Smart move. I guess you wouldn't want to over heat it spice wise for the faint of heart. In NOLA, I really enjoy a NOLA menu like Grand Isle provides. Thank you for a nice light lunch experience. Hope to see you next year!Originally stopped in here to grab a drink while walking in the French Quarter....but the bartender that it was happy hour and the special was a half pound of shrimp with fixins for 7 bucks my wife had to take advantage.  They have a very friendly staff.  We will definitely be back to try their regular menuMy go to spot when in NOLA. Fisherman's stew is on point and the oysters couldn't get fresher.I liked the Seafood Gumbo, but it wasn't anything crazy different or spectacular. The Grand Isle Salad with Chicken was massive in size which was great because all ingredients were nice and fresh and the dressing was wonderful (bleu cheese). 
This is a great lunch spot if you want some predictable but still yummy and filling food that's a good value for the cost, but not a place for a foody looking for something exciting and different in New Orleans.I can only speak for the Shrimp and Grits because it is the only thing I order. Why? Because it is the best I've ever had. I love that it's cheese grits and not spicy. Some people love spice. I'm not among them. The service is always great. When we are in New Orleans, I seek this place out every time.Came here after a Yelp event with a group of friends. They gave us a nice, large table and accommodated our every request.
I had the yellowfin crudo, because crudo is apparently the in thing right now (who decides these things...?). It was good. The butternut squash puree helped to offset the fact that everything else on the plate was acidic. The fish was diced, not sliced, and covered in a lemon vinaigrette. It was served with pickled cauliflower & beets, along with little mini slices of grapefruit. All of it was delicious.
The special cocktail of the evening, the Mayflower, was also fantastic. Cucumber juice, strawberry puree, and gin. It came out looking like muddy swamp water, but was one of the best drinks I've ever had. 
Definitely worth a return visit sometime in the near future.Great Hurricanes, and the best onion rings of your life. Krista was our waitress and she was amazing.Three and a half stars. Clean bathrooms, great service from our bartender Sean. The barback tried to dissuade me from attempting their not-very-advertised challenge even as he shucked my oysters. Live music some evenings. My cocktail was on the sweeter side of okay, so I ended up sticking to the conservative beer list. Smoked fried oysters were plated on a leaf of butter lettuce with a pool of garlic aioli, and I barely got a hint of smoke flavor even when eaten naked. I was more pleased with the fried chicken livers that were served on a bed of bacon marmalade to minimize texture phobia. Good crunch on both menu items. Future hit list: house made gator sausage, pork butt tamale, spiced oyster taco, chicken & house made andouille gumbo, shrimp & roasted eggplant soup, shrimp & grits, fisherman's stew.
Food challenge: 12 local oysters with a heaping tablespoon of their hottest Beaver horseradish on each, to be eaten in 60 seconds without aid of a beverage.
Reward upon completion: one free beer, the oysters get comped, and a hilarious t-shirt in your size that says "I ate hot beaver ...at Grand Isle."
Status: completed, 60 seconds.
Advice: don't eat dinner beforehand, don't chew too thoroughly, and be prepared for ten minutes of hyperactive tear gland production, fifteen minutes of initial regret before you start mumbling that it was totally worth it (nigh disrespectful to the tasty oysters to down them that fast), an hour of tummy cramps and fermented burps to follow.Stopped in on a Tuesday around 3pm. Only a few customers were there. Needed a quick bite. I've been here many times over the last 10 years. The drinks are great, I recall getting hurricanes and LITs. 
Today, just had shrimp po'boy w fries and lots of water. Service was great, my water glass never got to the bottom (unlimited water for the win!) and the food came out literally in 5 minutes- pros of having a late lunch.This is one of our fave lunch spots. The Caminada poboy is one of the best sandwiches in the area (in my opinion). Just an easy going, casual/ bordering nice spot to stop in for good food, drinks, & service. They have a nice bar area, inviting atmosphere, & also outdoor seating.We revisited Grand Isle Saturday, 28 April and once again enjoyed it. The Hubs had the jambalaya. I had the crawfish and the grits. I had not had crawfish in ages and seriously couldn't recall how to properly eat them, and the kind server helped me get the sweet meat out of the crawfish, which was really kind of her. The grits were decadent - creamy, rich, cheesy and topped with crispy bacon. They have a decent wine selection unlike so many bars in Bourbon Street. We enjoyed the patio on this beautiful NOLA day. It's a good spot to dine and people watch. No wait and the food came out quickly. Still recommend GI! You're welcome!The food was exceptional.  We ordered the dozen oysters and boiled shrimp.  We had a pitcher of Canebrake along with an infusion of honey roasted peanut vodka. My husband and I loved it. And, he is from louisiana. The service was on point = she always asked us if we needed anything.  I like it when it comes to customer service.  Try the place it will not disappoint.  I guarantee it!Best oysters I have ever had.  Ever.  Sit at the oyster bar when Darnell is working.  I was in town for a conference and went twice because my first experience was that good.  I can't speak to the rest of the food, but if you're in the mood for oysters and a cold drink, you can't go wrong.  Darnell treated guests in a way that made us feel so welcome and even the bar manager who I met later was also very welcoming.  Great experience.It's passable food. Probably more of a 2.5 stars type joint. The place is nice and the staff is nice also. The food was edible but nothing special. 
I felt the chicken was of relatively low quality and it had WAY too much seasoning to the point where you could almost not even taste the chicken. The catfish also was not great- overcooked and dry. I'd stay away from here and try other places.Best raw oysters I've ever had.  Ever.  I mean, what a treat.  If you're in from out of town, come here's sit at the bar and watch them shuck your food.  Incredible place, incredible staff.  Come see Stuart!
Highly recommend this place.OK, so the food is phenom, and my latest intake was this deep fried mascarpone cheese and crab meat ravioli.  TO DIE FOR!!  The flavor resonates a collaboration of sweet and saucy greens with the awesomeness of "take me down and do me" crab meat filling.  The service is always delightful with each visit serving up a smooth variation of friendly personalities.  The best I found to consume this plate of "awe" is best with a refreshing white wine.  Till next time, I will remain looking forward to another visit.Came here with my boyfriend about a week ago because I'd had a rough week prior and this was his attempt to cheer me up. 
Service was great. The server was extremely attentive and checked on us constantly.
The decor and layout of the restaurant was a little sparse and strange. There was a huge HDTV just hanging out behind a plant near the back entrance that I assume was locked because there was no host(ess) standing there.
The food was ok, but not great. The fish of the day was a drum and it seems that the fish of the day is the only fish served in the restaurant according to the menu. I had mine covered with crawfish etouffee and the fish was rather dry, but still edible. My boyfriend had his grilled and had no complaints. We had bread pudding for dessert, which tasted great. 
The price was a little elevated for the quality. You can get better food in New Orleans for less, but I chalk the price up to it being affiliated with Harrah's Casino.First time in NOLA and first time eating Crayfish... Spicey and tasty. Shrimp and pasta was also banging! My boyfriend had the BBQ, they were the biggest shrimp I've ever seen!The pancetta and oyster linguini is above average. However, it took a while for our food to come out even though we ordered only one entree. The long wait was especially puzzling considering the restaurant was half-empty. Our server was very nice and friendly. Overall, it's an above average dining experience for me.The place was very loud the night we came.  A bunch of six and eight tops really cranking it up.  But, it's New Orleans.  We ordered the chicken gumbo and it seemed to be overcooked (burnt).  My wife's shrimp and grits were very good, though.We had raw oysters - they were great.  I had a Po boy that was pretty good, but I've definitely had better.  Everyone else the table agreed that everything was good.. but not great.The mussels were good but over cooked. The tomato sauce and bread was good. The tuna tartar appetizer was good as well. I really liked the cucumber aioli and their home made potato chips. I waited an hr for my entree because apparently the kitchen was not ready. It was disappointing. I ordered the burger. I said medium well it was fully cooked. It was just horrible. I would go again but not at 12 pm as I did because they are not ready for service apparently.Visiting New Orleans for a national volleyball tournament at the convention center.  Dinner at Grand Isle included: Thunder Cheese Burger (Wow!), Fried Shrimp Po' Boy (Great), and Shrimp & Grits (Flavorful).  Try this place!Hate to sound pessimistic, but I ordered to Creole Catfish entre, large. Instead of filets it came out looking like a child's meal. Tiny pieces of fish that was like bait. 
Do not order this, you will be disappointed, for $19.50Oysters were fresh, food and service were great.  The chili fish was flakey and flavorful and the greens that came on the side were seasoned just right.Went here for lunch and was very satisfied.  The gumbo was pretty good but the shrimp poboy was AMAZING!!!!  Really enjoyed the slight tang of spice on the slaw AND most importantly was very happy that the shrimp were grilled and not fried (which allowed me to use those calories for something else).  Can't wait to try them for dinnerGet ready fr the best in town folks. New chef, new menu, updated decor, outdoor seating, fine service. BEST OYSTERS IN TOWN. Sweet and salty, clean, b-i-g! Best manager/host in the City. If you have been to Grand Isle before, you really haven't been there at all! Fine dining with extraordinary dishes in a great location at appropriate prices.I was just strolling around when I stumbled to this restaurant! I was in the mood for steamed crawfish and they said they made them! Although when I sat down and was handed a menu I didn't see crawfish on there! The waitress helped me out though and I ordered 3lbs of steamed deliciousness mixed in with baby potatoes and corn! Very delicious!!!!5 star service, but it was a quiet Monday evening. Food was good, but nothing amazing. I had the baked oyster sampler and shrimp and grits. The oysters were tasty, glad I ordered a sampler. The bacon topped oysters were the best. Shrimp and grits were good. Truth be told, I'm not a shrimp fan, but felt this was a dish to be had while in NOLA. But I'm not sold that it was the best shrimp and grits ever. My server was attentive and sweet. This place was recommended by my hotel concierge.As many times as I have had Mark's gumbo, it only seems to keep getting better.  I brought 3 visiting coworkers today, all 4 of us got gumbo and oysters, and practically needed wheel chairs to roll us out. I can't wait to go back!Loved the fact that they are dog friendly. They had 2 great outdoor seating areas. The food was excellent we had the fish stew and catfish. We ordered the 'small plate' which was plenty of food (especially for the fish stew). We got to try a bit of both without breaking the bank. We also tried the gator legs/wings. Had to try them once, but it is not something I would try again. Overall a nice quite little spot off the French Quarter to have dinner and a drink.Just ate there for the first time tonight. From real "Acadiana Cajun" area and must say the food was great. The wait wasn't long- even after a Bowl game and a Saints Game tomorrow. The service was great and if you can Id recommend asking for "Patrick", he was a great server.Stopped in here for a quick beer at the bar as we were walking around the district.
We had a couple of beers at the bar.  Bartenders were really funny and friendly and instead of getting our drinks to go we ended up hanging out and talking to them.  That says something!  
I can't speak to their food as we didn't eat but if we are ever back in the area and walking around I'd definitely stop back by this bar just to hang out for a bit.  They also had some tables outside where most of the people seemed to be (but we had more fun talking to the bartenders).The smoked fried oysters are really good. Very smoky and spicy!
Bacon Cheesy Grits: very nicely aromatic, very cheesey, lots of bacon. But overall, just "okay".
Great waiter, very friendly.Went late evening for cocktails and appetizer. Four of us seated outside. Very friendly and efficient service. Cocktails were just OK. The fried appetizers were greasy.8:30 checked in to the Meridien and was referred to this place by my hotel. 
I walk in at 9pm and gentleman behind the bar tells me the kitchen can get me something to go.  
Why when hey close at 10?  No thanks. Came to mannings instead.Best gumbo in NOLA! Drink the Pimm's cup. It's a great balance of alcohol and not too sweet but sweet enough. Ship poh boys I'd rate 3/5 maybe but the rest make up for it and service was tops! Octavio was my server and I'd trust any recommendations he has!!2 lbs of fresh, hot, spicy crawfish were delicious as an app! I had the Shrimp 'N Grits as an entree' and it just melted in mouth! Flavor of the shrimp was prime!Nothing Grand about this place. The menu was very limited. I asked the concierge at my hotel about a place that did crab cakes, well this place didn't. Not there fault, I will add that to my review of the hotel. I ordered the po boy that was more like a Bahn MI which I love. The waiter said that Anthony Bordin loved it whem he tried it. Taste wise it was good, the roll was too soggy to hold all the ingredients. It bothers me when someone asks you if you liked it and when you say no they try to defend it and then he offered me more bread. No thanks, I will stick with the soggy bread you gave me! Event is ala carte so all you got was the sandwich. Order the ice box pie to go. I am pretty sure they gave me the kids meal portion. I wouldn't go back to this place, nothing to write or Yelp about it.Sat down at 7:30, left with no entrees at 9:40. Called 2 managers over to the table and both said so sorry and walked away, but did nothing at all. A table of 14-16 that sat 30 mins after us got their food and that was the last straw. Our table of 6 got our bill $155 for drinks and apps...nothing was taken off. Our server Chris N. did a nice job with our drinks and all but offered nothing as to what happened in the kitchen. Should be noted the table behind us waited an hour and ten mins...not sure if they got their food after we left or not. 
Maybe a good place but on this night absolutely terrible. Just thought you all should know!!We ate here as a group of 4, then later in the week as a group of 5.  Great menu. I'm allergic to seafood and they had some really good options. The salad was good. Pork was good.  onion rings good .  But the main thing is everyone else raved about there oysters. We had about every kind and all good .  The pitfall is when u have a party of 5 they want one check and gratuity was added + we all tipped without realizing it.Serioiusly enjoyed this place last night.  Arrived during a crazy football Saturday night in New Orleans.  Every restaurant we went to had a 1 hour wait... grrrr...  until we arrived at Grand Isle.  They said they would place us as soon as possible and to have a seat at the bar, grab a drink and the wait would be max 20 minutes.  Awesome.  We ordered two beers on tap (one blonde, one IPA, both were great, but we did enjoy the blonde more)  Within what felt like 10 minutes max the table was ready.  
We ordered the onion rings as an appetizer, be warned, the portion is huge for $6, and totally yum.  We ordered the veggie pasta for our entree, which was great to split for two people, they even added crushed red peppers to this dish which gave a nice spicy kick.  Lots of veggies in the pasta, which we really liked.  For dessert, we ordered the chocolate flourless cake to go, and we were glad we did.Becoming one of the best most consistently good local warehouse district restaurants. Many great don't miss menu options including smoked fried oyster app, gumbo, smoked ham and white cheddar with Steens syrup reduction, and smoked pork shoulder.. Great place to eat and drink.Concierge recommended this place - so off we went.  Service was a bit slow, which I can handle if the food is good.  It was not.
Since they were stil serving lunch, we ordered the po boy special (shrimp sauteed in spicy citrus butter w/ spicy slaw) and a po boy with grilled shrimp.  The bread on the special was hard and the sauteed shrimp was super bland, as in they did not bother to season it.  To add insult to injury, the shrimp were extremely small and not cleaned.
I will admit that grilled shrimp po boy was not on the menu (only fried), so I was taking a chance with the modification.  But, there is no excuse for not seasing the shrimp at all!
The seafood gumbo was not bad - I would give it a "B"  
All in all a highly disappointing meal.It's easy for your eyes to be a bit bigger than your stomach at a place like this. I always want to order one of everything contingent to my obsessive love of all things seafood. 
The ambiance resembles a dapper fisherman's paradise. Pictures of the notorious and historically based Grande Isle fishermen pay homage to the divine sacrament of fresh seafood! 
There's nice outdoor seating with a great courtyard view of the surrounding areas and current social affairs. Definitely perfect for a nice day out in the city or a communal nightlife experience. 
I've had everything here from the oysters, to the BBQ shrimp, poboys, gumbo, and of course dessert! They alternate their desserts depending on what's fresh in house, which I appreciate. Their lemon icebox pie was my personal favorite but I also had a taste of the carrot cake and that was good too.
The oysters both raw and chargrilled are super good, fresh, and HUGE! We have literally had platters of oysters that were bigger than my palm. Even Drago's oysters seem skimpy compared to the ones we have had here! Their gator sausage poboy did not disappoint either.
They have made some new additions to their menu lately and I have to say their new crawfish macaroni and cheese was AMAZINGLY good. They also changed their gumbo recipe a bit and the roux seems darker and even more flavorful than I last remembered. 
Grand Isle also has a great beer selection that they constantly update  seasonally. I enjoy craft beers and their bartender was very friendly and knowledgable about mixology. When he found out I was an avid lover of a good spicy Bloody Mary, he made me a tailored cocktail with bacon infused moonshine! It was pretty life changing to say the least....now I'm just bloody spoiled. (See what I did there?)
This is one of those places where yelp-wise I just don't see how it doesn't seem to get the recognition it deserves! Sometimes you just got to take some reviews with a small grain of salt and just go experience it for yourself :-)Bad food, bad service. Waited over an hour at lunch for a sandwich and cup of soup.  Gumbo had no flavor and was a toy cup for 8.50. Do not recommend.Great service.... I had the ham and cheese melt with caramelized onions.., came with au jus and did not need that . Wife had grits with shrimp... We don't have that at home so she tried it and it was great.... Great place  to tryAwesome restaurant, food is outstanding, drinks were not watered down and the service was excellent.   We at the crawfish bread, baked oysters, seafood gumbo and finished the night off with amazing red velvet cheesecake.  You can't go wrong eating here.We had a reservation at 8:15. It was busy. Three out of five of us ordered oysters on the half shell-very good. One ordered a crab cake-cold. Our dinners were served at 9:30. The fish stew was cold, fried oysters with a small salad-oysters were cold. Three burgers-ordered 2 med rare and one rare ended up with 2 med and one med well. The manager took off the cost of one burger and gave us 20% off the bill. Very nice...but get this, they added 20% gratuity onto the bill! What?! The salad was redone and was delicious. The stew was heated up and returned in a pot-ok. But, would we return? No!this place is a real joke, the food is so nasty. i got sick and so did my other half. my gumbo roux was burnt. and if this is what gumbo is suppose to be then the cook needs to go back in training. i make a excellent gumbo and this aint it honey. trust me. i told the waiter that it was not good and he asked me if he should remove the bowl. i almost lost it in this establishment. i would not recommend this establishment to anyone not even my dog.We arrived in town around 7 and asked our concierge for recommendations if casual dining. He sent us to Grand Isle which was half a mile from our stay. Our Server was Annie and she was so sweet and showed us first timers how to peel crawfish. I ordered the raw Oysters which were awesome and sourced from local Parishes. My husband ordered baked oysters which were a bit over cooked but the manager came over and noticed it before we said anything and immediately took off the bill. Service was great and amazingly friendly. Would absolutely recommend for any friends visiting.I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here.  We chose it because it was close to our hotel, and the concierge recommended it for seafood.  He was spot on.  First off, the atmosphere was great and our server was really nice.  We enjoyed their unique twists on classic cocktails (you'll never have another Bourbon Street hurricane after going here).  My husband ordered a Pimm's cup and said it was the best one he's ever had.  We ordered oysters on the half shell which were fantastic, and then each ordered a full entree.  Our bill was under $140 for four people, including two appetizers and plenty of drinks.  You can't beat that in New Orleans!  This will definitely be a regular spot for us when we visit.The restaurant was fairly empty on a Saturday night. The two of us were told it would be a 20-30 minutes wait to be seated, and I'm still not sure why. So, we opted for the bar. I ordered the alligator wings and a Caesar salad, and my friend ordered shrimp and grits. There was no sweet hot citrus glaze on the alligator wings. Only burnt flavor. I took one bite and sent them back. Can you believe they still charged me?! The croutons on the salad were fresh. The shrimp and grits were okay and so were the drinks.We ordered shrimp and crawfish. The flavor was delicious but the prices were way higher than I expected. Two pounds of shrimp was $50.Amazing seafood! I travel a lot. And I really do mean a lot. I'm landlocked by Colorado but get to the east and gulf coast often. This food was amazing. Tender, tasty and well portioned. Our server, Ron, was the best in the business. Besides being friendly, funny and knowledgeable, his insight to good is outstanding. He recommended everything from smoked oysters to hot shrimp to redfish to catfish. The three of us are pretty hard to please and we are all happy. Thank you, Ron!!!Super delicious food- we ordered the calamari (which has a delicious sesame dipping sauce), the Ham and cheese on brioche bun (which really tastes like a classy cheesy pulled pork sammie), as well as the shrimp n grits and half chicken. I don't even like shrimp n grits, but there was no fishiness or creepy shellfish texture at all.. Superb. Paired with an incredibly smooth bottle of Dona Paula Cabernet - fantastic meal, great vibe outdoors.Third time eating at this restaurant. It was not as good as the first two times. Menu has changed too much and my favorites were missing. I don't understand what market they are trying to draw in. Service was good. My Shrimp Remoulade was  ok once they remembered the Remoulade sauce but it wasn't what I went to the restaurant to have. My wife's Shrimp 'n Grits was very good. I'll recommend other places first.We wanted convenience and family friendly while hoping to try some local fare (our first time here) and not even being that hungry- not an easy combo to handle,  haha. 
We stopped at Grand Isle and enjoyed a wonderful service staff- we were eating an early dinner (6) so the place was pretty quiet still.  We decided on the alligator "wings" appetizer with three of us just ordering a dinner salad with onion rings to share and one of us ordered the alligator po boy. Everything was tasty but we were especially delighted to learn that we love alligator! 
4 stars for great food, location, service- decked 1 star for small selection. 
As a side note to NOLA cuisine - I'm kinda surprised at how try hard everything is and the $$$ associated with it. I'd love to find a place that provides the local tasty foods that isn't all fried or all decked out into oblivion. Does it exist?! We'll see.I loved everything about this place! I sat at the bar and had oysters and several appetizers and everything was terrific. Our waiter/bartender (Sean) was so cool and smart and informative that I could have just hung out there all night. Both my colleague and I were really impressed with this place. I didn't have an entree (I guess a dozen oysters might be considered an entree) but will next time when I go back there, and I will go back there! Go try this place, you won't be disappointed!!OMG u gotta try the boiled shrimp!... I mean the jumbo boiled shrimp!!! Tasty as can get and they're HUGE! 
Oysters where clean and served on a platter of ice, just the way I like' em! Marc was our server, he's awesome!... Gonna come back and make sure to be in his section :)Chanced upon Grand Isle as I wandered through NOLA. Started with The Awakening. Quite good, not too sweet. Ordered the Fried Oysters as an appetizer. I was a little wary as I've had some really awful fried oysters somewhere else, but my waitress recommended them. They were excellent! And the garlic aioli sauce really enhanced the flavors. My entree was the Redfish on a Half Shell. Again, was very pleasantly surprised at how flavorful this dinner was. I'm already planning a meal here before I leave the city.This is my favorite after work place in NOLA. Beer and oysters need I say more? No, but I am. This an awesome to chill at the oyster bar and have dinner and drinks. The fact that it's a easy 2 block walk from my hotel makes it even better.  The oysters were great even out of season. On my first visit I got the oyster sampler this was good but raw is totally the was to go. The bartender/oyster shucker recommended the duck debris po-boy. This one is a winner and not like Charlie Sheen either. It's a messy slow cooked duck smothered in gravy and topped with Cole slaw(which I think makes the sandwich). On my next trip I was feeling simple so got the oven roasted chicken. This was a perfectly cooked breast and thigh with super crispy skin and juicy meat. Everyone then talked me into taking home one of these bacon brownies, it's a good brownie but I didn't taste much bacon all in all if there isn't a new place I want to try that particular night I'm coming here.I discovered this in October when I walked to Harah's from the Quarter. I like the lunches, Redfish, Merliton Dressing, and friend shrimp po boy. I had dinner several times too but the selections were not as local as the lunch plates. The Grilled Tuna Dinner was fine but neeeded something more then a bed of greens, more like a big salad then a dinner plate.Terrible is the nicest word I can use to describe this place. I wouldn't normally comment on small things, but the place was beyond bad at the beginning with the hostess who didn't know that people waiting should be placed in empty tables. Instead she just let whole groups walk out. I should have followed them. Once seated and the server showed up it was 45 minutes for a ham sandwich!  He blamed it all on a big group. Across from the convention center you would think they would be accustomed to big groups. He offered a comp dessert for the long wait and when we made our choice he came back 10 minutes later and said they were out of everything except something not on the menu. When I said ok we will try it. After 15 more minutes we got up to leave and he comes out of the kitchen with it. I declined the comp dessert for the food taking so long because the comp dessert took too long. Horrible, but the food was ok if you have forever to wait on it. Maybe the next convention won't have big groups!Really more of a 3.5. Went after a day at the convention center on a recommendation. The smoked fried oysters were wonderful! The other item I ordered I did not care for but my server Kendra very graciously swapped it out for something else. She and the manager were very solicitous in how I was enjoying my new choice and I greatly appreciated their concern. I would have no hesitation coming back!Oh, What A Night!  Those are '60's era song lyrics that were popularized by Frankie Valli, The Four Seasons and The Dells. But the night that epitomized a night for all times, was the Thursday night of March 5, 2015 at the Grand Isle Restaurant, at 575 Convention Center Boulevard, in New Orleans, Louisiana.  The event was a celebration to enjoy cocktails and taste an assortment of hors d'oeuvres prepared by new Executive Chef, Ryan Haigler.
Upon arriving, we were greeted by Jeff, one of the proprietors, a waiter who gave each of us a Grapefruit Flavored Vodka Martini, and a receptionist who validated our parking in Harrah's Casino garage, just a block away.  Our hostess, Lynn welcomed us and informed us that a few of our friends had already arrived.  As we made our way to our table, we passed four serving stations.  The first station was table with a Whole Roasted Pig.  The second station was a table with a miniature piroque filled with Boiled Crawfish, Shrimp, Crabs, Potatoes and Corn.  The third table contained a large platter of crushed ice with Raw Oysters On the Half Shell and bowls of condiments including Cocktail Sauce, Horseradish, Sliced Lemons and a Pickled Green Strawberry Mignonette Sauce.  The fourth station had two Whole Fried Speckled Trout on display, and two servers serving Fried Speckled Trout and Smoked Fish Chowder.
Amongst the decor of  pictures on the walls depicting life on the bayou and various antique fishing artifacts, we enjoyed the the fare from the four serving stations, refreshing spirits and good company.  Throughout the evening, the wait staff provided us with scrumptious treats including Smoked Deep Fried Oysters, Alligator-In-A-Blanket, Triple Cheese Melody, Deviled Quail Egg Remoulade, Sardine Dip On Crackers and Pepper Jelly Confit Pork Cheek, Butter Poached Clams with Popcorn Rice Pilaf and Green Tomato Gastrique.  After sampling so many delicious dishes, I was unable to even make an attempt at the dessert item, Peanut Butter and Jelly Cheesecake with Mayhaw Jelly and Malted Marshmallows.
Chef Ryan came out of the kitchen to speak to the restaurant's guests to see how his recipes were received.  I thanked him for all of his wonderful creations, and even more for broadening my perspectives as I researched the French terminology used in several of the menu items prior to attending the event.  At the conclusion of the evening, I left with a confidence that I would not have a problem selecting a satisfying meal when I return to the Grand Isle Restaurant.This is a nice location with decent ambiance and generally good service.  I've usually gotten good seafood here (with one big exception below) and they even have a very respectable large burger here.  They kind of flip flop between 2 and 3 stars and the main three things that make them flop to two stars are:
1. (minor) that on my last visit there was a bad smell around the bar area;
2. (major) lack of consistency; 
3. (major) every time I've been here they are serving escolar (AKA butterfish, snake mackerel, and white tuna).  
Escolar TASTES great BUT...
Even the Japanese have outlawed people being served this poison known as escolar as it can cause your body to expel yellowish-orange drops of oil instead of liquid bowel movements and there are also reports of "other digestive issues, including stomach cramps, diarrhea, headaches, nausea, vomiting, and anal leakage; onset may occur between 30 minutes and 36 hours following consumption" (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escolar).  Let's just say the one and only time I ever ate this fish at Grand Isle was my last!
Other than the issues above I've usually enjoyed my food here except for some inconsistencies and they do some very interesting things with oysters (in fact during my last visit with a friend and his young son, who has never liked oysters, resulted in the kid devouring the cold smoked fried ones!).Just landed in New Orleans and had to get a cold beer and some fresh oysters and the Grand isle was on my way into town. 
Place is clean and new with lots of fishing photos of a time long past on the walls. Staff are friendly. Lots of screens if you want to watch a game at the bar. 
Beer cold & the oysters are shucked fresh in front of you. ... But not as tasty as the ones I get back home on Waiheke island, but hey I'm going say that & it's true.
Just ordered the tasting section of grilled oysters and they look and smell good. And taste good. A great snack between meals. 
Half doz of the fresh and half doz of the grilled and a beer $30.79 + tip.The smoked fried oysters are some of the best oysters I've ever had. They rub them in brown sugar and Sriracha, then cold smoke them with hickory before frying. They're served with cherry tomatoes and garlic aioli. SO AMAZING!First visit to NOLA..3rd day here , I've been to some well known restaurants so far.. decided to walk over from the Marriott where were staying and came across this restaurant and the "oyster bar" caught our eye.  We started off with a half dozen raw oysters which were AMAZING!!! I ordered the seafood stew and my boyfriend had the Wagyu steak.... was sooooo good , this was our favorite restaurant on this trip.  Besides the great food we had exceptional service by CiCi. Super sweet and friendly and her recommendations were on point.  Next time we visit NOLA we will def be back!!! And to top if off the bread pudding was to die for!!!I found myself meandering through the streets of New Orleans, simply famished. So famished in fact, that I popped in to eat at a nearby restaurant not caring about the Yelp ratings, etc. Needless to say, I was very impressed with my meal! The gumbo was delicious - just a cup is plenty! The shrimp and grits entree is ranked #2 on my quite lengthy list of superb shrimp and grits across the country. The grits were both creamy and cheesy - my personal favorite! I finished my meal with a vanilla bean cheesecake which, by itself would have been quite bland, but with the addition of the blueberry compote, it made it good, not great. All in all I would definitely revisit, but I would steer clear from the dessert menu.For a fantastic meal while waiting for your cruise, stop by the Grand Isle. We had The largest Cajun BBQ Shrimp you've ever seen, and the fried calamari was crispy with an amazing savory seasoning mix. If you are lucky enough to get Mark as your server, you are in for a treat. Take his advice on the food and ask him about his travels.  This place is a gem.The Grand Isle served up the best food I had in New Orleans.  I went for a reception at the bar and had some amazingly flavorful and tender ribs, tasty barbeque shrimp, and quite acceptable $4.50 Sazeracs (two of which were enough to get me reeling just a bit).  I wasn't really in love with the limp, skinny, stringy onion rings, but the bite I stole of my husband's bacon brownie was thoroughly tasty.  I also got a salad to go, as I hadn't had any vegetables all day and it seemed prudent to munch on a little greenery back at the hotel.
My only regret is that I didn't go back there the following night for a full, proper meal.  Of course, now that I think about it, I want more of their ribs (now now now now now).  Too bad I'm a dozen states away.Tyrone at the oyster bar made the whole dinner worthwhile!! Him being a fantastic mixologist and the great food were the perfect combo to make the whole dinning experience.It's worth mentioning that all the servers were white and the back of the restaurant was black or dark skinned. That being said....Delicious food and amazing bartender. I had the oysters on a half shell and crawfish cakes. Good hearty southern food. The Alabama whiskey is definitely worth a try. I sat at the bar and the service was timely and friendly. Great place to go away from the drunk crowds and still have a great time.
Unfortunately my crawfish cakes did not come with poached eggs or asparagus as described. They brought the eggs when I said something but they were severely undercooked. I would suggest sticking with simple southern cuisine. The cooks do not match the aspiration of The Grand Isle. They should spend time supporting the line cooks better or adjust the menu.Excellent food. Excellent atmosphere.  Our server James B was awesome. Even though its in the middle of a lot of tourist attractions its authentic with fantastic service. Highly recommend.The onion rings were really good. They offered a whole fried snapper that was crazy huge and delicious.  Great presentation, I actually took a picture.  A bit pricey but, I'd go back.Grand Isle was recommended by the hotel concierge and we walked in for dinner. There was a short wait so we sat at the bar and ordered our drinks. The bartenders were friendly and welcoming. We were sat at a table that opened up to the street. Our server was friendly and gave great service (I feel awful not to remember her name, but she was originally from Oklahoma, I think). We started with Smoked Fried Oysters and Alligator Wings (of course). The oysters were good and the wings were actually the front legs we were told (obviously, gators don't have wings). The gator meat is rubbery and bland. Not our favorite, but it gets better when you smother it in that sweet hot citrus glaze and whipped blue cheese. We saw a whole fried fish being served to a table earlier so I had to order that for my entree. It was a deep fried snapper that evening and it was not just delicious, but it was a work of art! 
When in the area, do stop by Grand Isle - the atmosphere is fun, food is good and the staff are friendly and welcoming!grand isle's convenient location and ample space just can't make up for the slow service and average cuisine.  two stars.
the concierge recommended this place for lunch, as it's close to the convention center.  i give them props for being just a couple blocks from the convention center, where the only lunch options are a pre-fab plastic-ensconced caeser salad for $14.95 or half a dozen glazed donuts from starbucks.  so, i was glad that grand isle was close by.
i was first struck by the fact that the door i used to enter (which faces the convention center) is apparently not the front door.  there's no host stand, but a sign indicates that you need to walk through to the other side of the restaurant to ask for a table . . . and the hostess will then walk you all the way back to where you just came in.  not a biggie, but just kinda strange.  maybe they weren't anticipating much foot traffic from the convention center when they designed the place . . . ?
my server was over in a flash and made a reasonable recommendation based on the criteria i gave her.  i ended up with a salad plus fried shrimp.  she took my order and about five minutes later the food was at my table.
so disappointed with the salad!  the menu said it was "mixed greens" based, but the only green i found was romaine.  now don't get me wrong -- i loves me some romaine.  but i was hoping for A MIX (as the name implied).  so yeah, disappointed there.  the rest of the salad was just uninspiring -- some shredded carrots, cucumbers, walnuts . . . it just didn't really grab my attention.
i spent about 15 minutes eating my salad and the server never once came by to ask if everything was ok.  it WAS ok, so i wasn't suffering or anything, but it's nice to be asked at least once.  and this became frustrating because i was on lunchbreak and needed to get out, but she never came by and it took a bit to get the check.
all in all, nothing to really turn me off from this place.  but, it just didn't float my boat for any reason.The food was incredible. Best seafood and Cajun I've had. Amazing oysters. They were slammed and our service was still amazing. Best oysters I had while visiting New Orleans.Wonderful spot. Great service: accommodating of our food sensitivities, hearing difficulties (they moved us to a quiet part of the dining room), and the waitstaff gave detailed recommendations. Crawfish boil was above average. I had the mahi with a crawfish potato salad and slaw, which I'm still thinking about more than a week later (sadly, it wasn't a regular menu item). Ambience truly charming and nice cocktails.We were downtown so decided to try Fulton street. Ended up at grand isle.   Sat down and waited 10 minutes.  Ignored.  Decided to give them 5 more. Actually timed it.  Basically walked out. Handed menu to lady at the door who said someone would be with us soon???!  On a Wednesday?
When we inquired who the manager was she said it was her   All very UNappologetic.   Clearly a tourist trapThe best dining experience of it entire weekend was hands down the patio fo Grand Isle. The shrimp poboy & shrimp n grits were delish and the bread pudding was the best I've ever had. Patrick our server had great attention & care to our experience & manager Mike was top notch with great humor & ensured we left happy & satisfied. The "awakening" cocktail is their speciality drink and I highly recommend! Thanks for a great meal & service!
Allison & friendsWe stopped into this restaurant after walking in the rain seeking out a place with good food and a quiet atmosphere.  A friendly hostess greeted and seated us right away. We started with a dozen fresh oysters - a great beginning. I ordered catfish which was crispy and flavorful. Also ordered at the table was the pork ribs with mac and cheese. Good ribs, but the Mac and cheese was dried out. The last entree at the table was shrimp with grits. Very nicely done - great flavor. Carrot cake and pecan pie were our dessert choices. Carrot cake was delightful. The pecan pie had an unusual spice combination. I could not eat it so I sent it back. The server strongly suggested the sangria that turned out to be a little bitter. Overall a fair experience.Went here with a group of friends. Food drinks and everything were awesome. Tried the calamari and it was awesome had a spicy sweet sauce with it also the grits were great! All around great experience! Chargrilled oysters we're off the chartsI ate here for lunch after attending an expo at the convention center. There was a wait for the tables so I found a seat at the bar. I started with a Lazy Magnolia pecan nut brown ale. It was pretty good tasting beer. Then I got a cup of chicken and sausage gumbo as well as a Shrimp Caminada poboy. The gumbo came out fairly quickly, but it took a while for the poboy to come out. They were pretty busy so I didn't mind. However the bartender was busy shucking oysters and never really checked up on me or the others sitting around me. Thus I didn't order a second beer. The gumbo was decent, nothing spectacular. The poboy had a nice flavor, but again nothing spectacular about it.Stopped in here for dinner and a drink and it was excellent. I sat at the bar, the bartender gave great service. I had the mussels and the cheeseburger, both were delicious.Our waiter was totally unenthusiastic. His service was poor. Too many rules: can't have happy hour food outside, only on tiled floor inside, only certain wines included in happy hour pricing, etc. 
Didn't have much of a wine selection, so chose an alternative that was just ok. Waiter spilled my husband's beer all over my pants and foot and didn't say a word.
Too bad. A really nice location near our hotel. We normally would have stayed and gotten appetizers and dinner.
We won't be back.We came here during the mardi gras celebrations. We made reservations which turned out to be a good idea. Kudos to the host and waitress for excellent service. After a long day of parades it helps to be able to sit down and have a good meal with great attentive dining experience. We had the oyster platter which was awesome. Dragos is good but this is just as good. We also has burgers and Abita beer. Great food. Will definitely come here again not because of the food but because we enjoyed having attentive service.I really enjoyed the artful display and flavorful seafood served at Grande Isle. The service was great, very friendly and knowledgable staff.I first tried this place on Fulton Street during the first week of Jazz Fest while staying at the Wyndam around the corner. This time I brought my kids and we sat at the bar. All of the same staff was there and they remembered me immediately. Clearly the focus is on seafood but they do many other things really well. I highly recommend the Calamari (great deal at $6.95) and the BBQ Shrimp ($13.50) is awesome. Sitting at the bar, we sat next to the oyster shucker and decided for a dozen of those too. The fish specials and the filet mignon ($28) is one of the best I have had in the city. In the cooler weather, you might want to sit outside and catch one of the bands that plays on the patio. I highly recommend this place! Oh, I almost forgot, the Key Lime Pie was baked onsite and was outstanding!Fantastic service! We were told about this gem by one of the hotel staff. My friend got the crawfish pasta and I, the grand isle burger. She couldn't stop raving about how delicious it was, I thought for sure she would be licking the plate if there was room. However this burger was cooked exactly to medium and my goodness the flavors were kicking. I have not had many places cook it perfectly, they always come out way to rare or well done let alone so tasty!! While the food was great our bartender, Clay, was the sweetest. We didn't catch who we are assuming the manager of the nights name but he was also so welcoming as well as the gentleman running the oyster bar. They showed us how to eat oysters and crawfish, something two Idaho girls have not done! If you're looking for good food and great service this is the place!!!! Thank y'all so much for the memories and giving us great stories to take home!Wandered in here for lunch on a Sunday knowing nothing about the place. Fabulous food! The smoked fish chowder was especially good.Visiting New Orleans for the first time and this restaurant came as a recommendation from our hotel. We showed up an hour before they closed and customer service was definitely lacking. After being seated out waitress continued to clear and clean 3 tables prior to taking our drink orders. When we asked "what are the options for salad dressing " she pointed to the menu and "here is the list". Rude! The shrimp was good not great, mac & cheese was creamy but lacking seasoning and the gumbo was just bad!Okay so let me tell you about my girl Cece. My grandma has raved about this place for years. It was one of the "must do" things right when we got to New Orleans from California. My grandma insisted on the Red Fish to split. I've never had red fish but it was amazing. The potatoes and spinach it comes with were to DIE FOR. So amazing. We also shared their calamari which comes in this incredible sesame sauce and the onion rings which are everything my grandma built them up to be. But best of all was the service. Cece was amazing in fulfilling my grandma's substitution requests and answering any of our questions throughout the course. After dinner we got to chatting about alcoholic beverages and I learned so much! She also went above and beyond to get me a taste of absinthe which I've never tried and in doing so saved me an unnecessary trip to the old absinthe house cause yeah... I don't need that in my life haha. She was hilarious and sweet and kind and absolutely my favorite part of my first New Orleans experience so far. Cece, you are the greatest thank you for the laughs and joy.This was one restaurant in NOLA that we did not Yelp before coming. It was 6pm on a Friday when we walked in and the restaurant was empty yet we still had to wait 15 minutes before getting seated... We decided to eat at the bar because we didn't have enough time to wait.
Among 4 people, we shared 3 entrees:
1. St Louis Cut Ribs -comes with 6-7 (pork?) ribs with mac and cheese and a slice of watermelon. Probably the best ribs I've had..the meat literally fell off the bone and the smoky onion BBQ sauce was so good!
2. Fisherman's stew - probably the "healthiest" thing I ate in NOLA haha. Lots of shrimp, oysters, mussels, veggies stewed with brown rice. Definitely enough to share among 4 people
3. Creole fried catfish - comes with jasmine rice. Lightly fried and the fish was tender.
Best thing? The food came out SUPER FAST which was great because we were on a time crunch (which is why I was annoyed about the initial wait time..)Love the food here.  I've been here 4 times and everything has been excellent.  Oysters are great in NOLA and here is no exception.  We  keep coming back and working our way through the menu sharing everything in a group.  Highly recommend it!Get the alligator sausage lo-boy. It's absolutely delicious. We went for a late lunch and it was a quick and easy experience.Had a craving for a late snack in New Orleans and The Grand Isle fit the bill... with their onion rings, hoise made andouille soup, PEI mussels and house salad I will definitely come back if I get the chance. Shout out to my co-worker JJ for the recommendation.Had great food, and great service. The atmosphere has a vintage motif and was clean and roomy. My server Kendra was fabulous! The Seafood Chowder and Shrimp Po Boy was amazing and I will most certainly be coming back to Grande Isle the next time that I am in NOLA.Oysters, greens, alligator wings, shrimp and grits - all farm to table fresh and delicious. We came in hungry and left satisfied! Staff were great atmosphere was perfect! Happy happy!!I was looking for a place to really enjoy louisiana food. The restaurant was inviting and great atmoshphere. I sat at the bar and got friendly excellent service. We were  greeted with a handshake and nice welcoming. The oysters were ice cold and delicious as well as the beer just as cold. The calamari and alligator wings were tasty. The famous award winning poboy was great even though messy. The wine selection was great and good value. Will definately return again next visit to new orleans.Went here for lunch today.  Excellent oyster sampler of baked oysters.  Colleague thought fried oyster Po Boy sandwich was outstanding.  Seafood salad looked amazing with shrimp, mussels, and crab.
Unfortunately service was poor with a "lost" ticket the apparent culprit of our 90 minute wait for our lunch to be served.  Had to actually ask the waiter where our food was even though he was delivering food to other tables around us who had come in 30 minutes and more after us.  Asked for the Manager who never showed but they did comp the meal.  
After delivering that message, we never saw our waiter again.
All in all, the food was great, the service suspect but we could have just been unfortunate.  Will try again the next visit.I had and would recommend the Grand Oysters, Shrimp and Grits, and Lavender Margarita.  
The margarita was delicious although I didn't taste the lavender syrup, it was refreshing.  The shrimp and grits were rich and creamy, and had andouille sausage in them.  It was the first time my friend had shrimp and grits and I'm glad she tried them at a place that did them justice.  The Grand Oysters were baked with breadcrumbs and other seasonings.  They were absolutely delicious.  We only ordered half dozen, but I should have gone back for the other 6.
Everything was simple but well done.  The service was typically southern- attentive and warm.  The decor was bright and open.  Definitely a good go-to place for great food.Went there with my conference staff peeps on a Sunday evening. Place wasn't super busy, and we (10 of us) were seated right away.  All the staff members from the hostess to the servers were attentive and pleasant. Everyone in our party had something different - raw oysters to steaks, and all commented how good their meal tasted.I had dinner with some friends at Grand Isle the other night with some friends. Company aside, it was OK. The server was nice and attentive. I liked that they had Andygator as their "special" draft. The onion rings that we had to start were like onion straws and delicious. My biggest complaint was with my poboy. I had high expectations because I ordered the Shrimp Caminda and it was one of the winners of the Poboy Festival. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and tossed in a citrus butter. They were very flavorful and tasty. The rest of the sandwich fell short. The bread was kind of stale, the Asian slaw was piled on and protruding through the sandwich and the crazy cilantro on top was a handful of too much. I somewhat enjoyed my meal of fries and shrimp, but the rest of the sandwich got pitched. The table seemed to enjoy their salads and burger.  The burger on the brioche bun looked especially good. If I had to come back here that would be my order. This was not an awful meal, just disappointing. Since I live in New Orleans, I really don't see the need in coming back anytime soon.Pretty solid choice if you are downtown and need to eat.One of my favorite spots in NOLA. The swordfish is underappreciated but is some of the best anywhere.   Fish stew and oysters is a cheap combination of great food true to the local flavor.I really like this place! Good for a group or business lunch. Close to the convention center. Pretty delicious food. Today, I had the calamari, which was perfectly cooked and had light delicious breading. My burger was yummy too.  It's better than your average place and a bit nicer than some places if looking for a place to take clients. Nothing out of this world amazing.Hands down one my favorite joints in NOLA!  Great food and equally great local beer selection coupled with great hospitality. Did I mention this place is great. 
Had house onion rings. Bite through perfect. The onion doesn't pull out when you bite it and the breading doesn't fall off. Did I mention not greasy at all. BTW, not greasy. There I mentioned it. 
Shrimp and grits. Very good. But admittedly I can't a good grit from a bad grit. Perhaps there's no such thing as a bad grit. Nonetheless, shrimp cooked perfectly, nice gravy and the aforementioned grits.
Beer: NOLA Blonde. Nice local brew served ice cold. 
Love this place.Great staff. Great food and atmosphere 
Not a fan of seafood but the oysters were amazing! Great selection of beers too!!We went for dinner on what seemed a busy night. Our waiter informed us right off that they were real busy so service would be slow at best. there were empty tables in the restaurant the entire time we were there...maybe short wait staff, 
Food was good but not great. I had the fish stew and the broth was tasteless. hot sauce spiced it up to okay...But  they added zucchini to the mix and that just didn't work with the rest of the stew . fishy bits in the stew were all tasty. Had the gumbo which was okay but cold. Coffee was good and the bread pudding was good also .
Service did not lack. we received more attention from other staff than our own.
No real raves from the person I was eating with.I've been wanting to visit NOLA for a long time and had expected to be met with several no fuss restaurants, lots of options for cajun, creole, crawfish, and such. I expected decent pricing but instead was met with a slew of fine dining restaurants with overly pretentious menus that I felt like I needed a translator in order to understand. Let me start by saying, I friggin hate that. As soon as I saw a simple menu with decent prices for Grand Isle, I booked right away. I'm flying solo and not many restaurants even allow you to book a table for one, or give you the option to book a seat at the bar. Their specials menu had crawfish beignets and crawfish alfredo, YES PLEASE! And to top it off, they had Abita Brewing strawberry ale available. It was honestly the perfect meal to end a long day. Everything tasted great, service was friendly and my server and I talked basketball. They were nice enough to change the TV for me to the Cavs vs. Pacers game. Nice location, nice area. Outside seating is available. The only thing is that they should really rethink the flooring and give the bathrooms a much needed renovation. All that white tile looked very dingy and stained as did the bathrooms. Other than that. I was in heaven. Don't let the haters fool you, this place is great. In my book, food shouldn't be overly complicated.Great time at the isle. Had awesome full oysters. They were $0.06 with a pitcher of beer. Why not?!? Ha the special shrimp and grits. So good, tasty, and the andouille sausage mad the dish. Great friendly bartender. Would go back again.Great service saved them. Butt hole calamari killed them. Deserve a 3, let's push them there.I ate here with a group of eight. The staff was cordial and efficient in serving us. The menu is very seafood heavy so know that going in. They had a lot of oyster options, but I ordered the camanida Po boy, one of their two award winning po'boys! Honestly I wasn't too impressed with the sandwich, but the greens I can still rave about. They added a sweet simple syrup to their mustard greens and I'm in LOVE! I hope to go back and try the oyster bake.I went here with a group of friends on a Friday night, and everything I had here was great!
They advertise their onion rings as the best in New Orleans, so I had to try them. Not only were they the best in New Orleans, they were the best I've ever had in my life!
The main entree I had (one of the catch of the day fish) was excellent and very well prepared. 
The waiter was not only attentive and fast, but was also very knowledgable of the menu and pairing of items. 
I highly recommend this place!After a long exhausting day working at the convention, we decided to try this place. The crab cake was delicious, but I wish the portion size was larger. I got the pork shoulder. You can choose from the entree ($17) or the small plate ($10). I was starving so I decided to go with the entree. The portions were plentiful and the pork just melted in your mouth. I loved the flavorful mix with the cucumbers, red onions, lima beans, and herbs. However, I felt that they put way too much lima beans on the dish, almost like it was going to consume my plate. I finished everything except most of the lima beans. Next time, if I am ever back in town, I will give their po-boy a try since it seems to be one of the restaurant's favorite.Went for a late dinner.   Service was awesome.   Sat immediately and drink orders taken right away.  We ordered the shrimp po'boy, baked oysters and kid's chicken tenders.  The fried shrimp was amazing.   The batter is light and crisp.  The bread was a little chewy and i thought the tartar sauce was kinda meh on this sandwich,  but the shrimp was just so good.   I love oysters and had never had them baked.   This was like a buttery crumbled ritz cracker on top. I was sad there was only 6.  The chicken tenders were great.   The breading was crunchy and the chicken was tender.   Even the fries were good.   Great location if you are staying near the convention center.With the help of Brad, our stellar advisor we had an awesome meal sitting at the bar. "Smoked Fried oysters" sounded a bit odd but with Brad's help and encouragement we got to enjoy this heavenly treat! Nicely peppery, perfect consistency, and delicately 'oysterish' this dish sent us. The fisherman's stew was fabulous - tasty broth, super fresh fish and shellfish - perfect. We ended w/their fluffy light bread pudding w/vanilla sauce. Yeow! These foodies from San Francisco were impressed - way!Ate at Grand Isle recently while in NOLA on business.  I would recommend you look for a more local restaurant.  The food was average, but the real issue was the 20% mandatory gratuity.  While I understand the mandatory tip policy for a group of 5, that does not give the server the freedom to deliver poor service.  
Our server did a very poor job.  No smiles, little attention to our table, a sour demeanor.  A 20% tip deserves better.Pros- The food was decent and our waitress was pretty attentive and friendly 
Cons- Walking into the restaurant I noticed a distinct fishy smell, which made me wonder if food was being kept at the appropriate temperature. My other problem was unfortunately seeing a mouse run across floor.So I only came to this restaurant because I was on my way back to my hotel from the convention center and was in desperate need of a quick bite. I decided to order take-out from the bar so that I could take my meal back to my hotel and relax a little. The bartender was nice and helpful and got my order in quickly. I ended up ordering the ham and cheese melt as well as the ceaser salad. I paid over $30 for these two things and I was very unimpressed. The salad was so sad for something that costs $14, but after all the greasy New Orleans food I felt that I needed something on the healthier side. The ham and cheese melt tasted pretty good, but nothing special. If I ever came back to this area, I will definitely check out some better places!
Update: After a comment left by the business manager, I'm even more displeased with this restaurant! A poor review doesn't mean that you should leave a RUDE comment to a customer.We had the seafood gumbo and chicken and sausage gumbo and they were both great !
We also had 1/2 dozen raw oysters and 1/2 dozen
Charbroiled oysters they both were excellent .
Waitstaff were very friendly and helpful !!Had the raw oysters and another oyster platter...all was great...no complaints, prices are a little high. Good service.The food was barely edible, not worth the price and the server was awful. We ordered the "famous" shrimp camanada po boy which was literally dripping in oil. The bread was soggy and falling apart. When we originally ordered the waitress asked what side we wanted with it although the menu did not mention a side. Come to find out, when we received the bill we were charged an extra 7 dollars for mac and cheese that tasted like Kraft with bread crumbs on top! When we argued with her about her making it seem as though it was included she said "oh i thought you knew already". We also order the calamari which was extremely dry and overcooked. I'm talking barely chewable overcooked. Also ordered the mussels which were extremely soupy but okay. However, we were given a styrofoam container to take them home in and as you can imagine with a soup, leaked EVERYWHERE. I would recommend going absolutely anywhere else and avoid this place like the plague. Absolutely ruined our last night in New Orleans and I'm angry I even had to pay for it.So hard when in NOLA to pick a place to dine...this is a FOOD TOWN! Tired after all day touring, the restaurant from the front looked inviting, and had folks already inside ( it was early for dinner)...so  thought, sure...first let me say, the outside temps had started droppin' rapidly, so when we mentioned to Annie, our waitress that it was a tad chilly, she immediately turned off the overhead fans..saved us...happy hour was a big bonus, had an awesome shrimp with some mushrooms, corn on the cob, little steamed potato, and roasted garlic...I ordered the catfish which I haven't had in many, MANY years...delish...which we shared along with the smoked fried oysters (and I'm not a fan) we almost fought over the last one...also the gumbo...awesome...! Would definitely recommended! Annie was so sweet...true hospitality!Got the name of this place from shuttle driver. I guess if you want good.authentic food, ask a local. Was amazingingly good eats.our hotel concierge recommended this place. the strawberry cocktail is AWESOME! service is nice. but the food, not so much. it's definitely a good place to chat with your friends, enjoy the drinks : )I have been here serveral times and have yet to have a bad meal...Gumbo was very good IMO and most recently I had the shrimp and grits with sausage and it was OUTSTANDING. The service was good and the wait staff has always been friendly...they have a real good bread pudding as well. Not cheap this place but I like the way they offer a small or larger portion of things as the smaller portion was more than enough. My wife had the shrimp pasta and she loved it. She couldn't finish all of hers and the waiter seemed concerned that she didn't like it but we had a big meal earlier that day and that was all...she loved the food. I recommend and will go there when I am in town again. Thanks!We stopped in here for lunch because it was near (nearer than other options) the convention center and I needed to get back for an afternoon session.  Our waitress was awesome, she gave us all kinds of local tips and was very helpful and friendly.  The food was delicious, but nothing majorly exciting, pretty much what you can get at any restaurant in the area.  I do however recommend the crab stuffed shrimp which is a bit spicy and delicious.  Overall a good lunch but like my lunch yesterday way too overpriced for a lunch - maybe we need to have fast food for lunch around here to save our bank account.The hostess was nice, and the food was decent but very pricey. Our waitress had a HUGE attitude and was borderline rude at times. She definitely soured our attitude more than the bill did.Great evening! Large group-9 in all- seated promptly. Server was very efficient and has a sense of humor. The food was really good- everyone had something different- lots of sharing!! I had shrimp and grits- amazing!!!What great bar scene!!! Had the cherry jubilee with shrimp Ju Ju and half dozen oysters. All was so good!!!Sit at the oyster bar with the oyster boys! Virgil and the crew will give you a great time and awesome service. Went 3 times in 2 days.We were referred here by our Hotel Concierge. It was the last meal of the trip and I was so glad we went for something light as apposed to the huge steaks and rich entrees of the nights before. 
We ordered a selection of appetizers and small plates in addition to our entrees and I would have to say these were my favorite part. The crab and brie hand pie in particular was delicious and a fresh take on the crustacean for this baltimore bred gal. I ordered the tuna which was served with a delicious panzanella salad but the show stopper of the evening was my boyfriend's whole red fish. I've seen him take on sizable plates before but this mammoth got attention from all of our neighboring diners for it's sheer size. The avocado creme was amazing but the breading became a bit of a chore by the time he had tackled the first half. He ended up leaving a majority of it on the plate which seemed like a terrible waste. 
Our waiter was sweet but frantic - although I believe that had more to do with her personality than any issue with the restaurant itself. I think what is most notable about the whole experience was that there was no schtick. Just good food. Sure it didn't scream NOLA but that's not entirely a bad thing, is it?SO happy to find this treasure... fresh seafood, great staff (we loved Jessica, our server and Jeff, the owner/gm), and the fun, allergy-accommodating atmosphere added up to a perfect evening out!  So grateful to YELP for this one... we'll definitely add this to our "must eat at" list for future New Orleans trips.  (only had dinner there, but figure it's a great place to eat no matter what the time of day.)This place is amazing. The food tasted good &  our server Raven is a sweetheart. I would definitely come back :)Amazing baked oyster!  Bbq shrimp and grits I highly suggest. Also try the Po Boy Shrimp sandwich. I gotta say that I really enjoyed the wait staff as well,  I asked for suggestions on the menu and he nailed it! The waiters name is Mark!  He was training a new waiter.  The new guy will definitely learn a lot from him