The food was not very good.  They had plenty of chairs in the back but yet didn't even bother to grab a seat for my 4 yr old and didn't even bring him a serving plate for appetizers.  I felt like they just assumed he wasn't going to eat.  I'm vietnamese and the banh mi they served were a joke. Nothing like banh mi... the authentic ones.Green Goddess is a small restaurant, but has both indoor and outdoor seating. It wasn't the cleanest looking place, but we didn't let that deter us as we had heard great things about the food.  We were immediately seated by our server, who was friendly and knowledgeable. We started with the Pecan Orange Mushroom Pate, which was super savory.  For dinner, I got the Mole Mushrooms and heartily enjoyed every bite.  My friend ordered the Rolled Uttapam, and received a huge plate of deliciousness. The food at Green Goddess is fresh and flavorful, and the portions are large, making it worth a visit.This place is hidden in an alley way, but I'm glad I tried it. I had the Indian pancake and the praline sundae. Both did not disappoint. The Indian pancake was so flavorful and the garbanzo beans added such a unique crunch texture. The praline sundae was great! I just wish there was less whipped cream and more ice cream.
The indoor seating was very VERY limited, which was unfortunate because it was raining the day I came. I also am not sure if they turn on the AC inside, because it was very hot when I was eating. Luckily the food was so great it made up for it.Holy shit! this place is good! And that is saying something when the restaurant is in NOLA. It is just a different type of food than the regular heavy NOLA food. 
FIrst we had moonshine mint juleps, which were incredible. We had a few dishes (the moonshine mint juleps have made my memory a bit hazy), 
The one that stands out is the duck hash on a sweet potato biscuit. There was some pomegranate syrup in there somewhere too. 
This place just nailed it. straight up. If you are lookin for something a little off the beatin path in Nola, This Is the place.Service was terrible! Waitress made a really snarky comment and was not even efficient!!! Being that there are so many restaurants in NOLA, good service will go a long way and this restaurant DOES NOT HAVE IT!!!!!!Came here in July. 90f at midnight. Amazing. Seats about 8 people inside, I reckon a dozen outside. We walk in, the entire place is run by freaks. We know this is going to be good. All they had for us was some counter space where they kept all their liquor bottles. Next to no surface area, not to mention it was covered in candle wax. Awesome.
The atmosphere that makes boring people so uneasy is exactly what makes this place so great. There isn't much of a menu. They just write what they feel like making on the white board. If you don't like something, then why not say something? The woman did just that and they made her an amazing shrimp curry dish. Like that. No prob. They enjoyed dealing with her and cooking what they cooked. I had some type of sammich with some fish...but I remember the fish melted in my mouth, the produce was incredible, and their hotsauce actually had spice.
The drinks were also great, they paired good beers with what we got, and I think a premium .50l of eurobeer was $5 or something. 
I fucking love this city. The grit, the edge. This restaurant epitomizes it.Went here for Valentine's. Small portions and not impressionable food. I really wanted to love it seeing as New Orleans has an unfavorable shortage of vegetarian food, but three stars it is! I would suggest Carmo if you're looking for a veg place that's superb.So I was looking for something less traditional, light, yet somewhat filling and savory...yes sometimes I'm a bit complicated. I ordered the Burrata Watermelon Salad....oh my deliciousness!
Did I say DELICIOUS. I was surprisingly shocked and am dying to make this salad at home, although I doubt it will have that New Orleans touch. Highly recommend this salad. Dessert on the other hand was a bit disappointing. I ordered stuffed chocolate Gouda French toast or something like that. Can't Remember exact name. I have a very open minded palate and love sweet and salty combos and Love both Gouda and chocolate but I was a bit hesitant about this dessert until the waitress said good things about it. So I was expected to be once more pleasantly surprised. Well I was surprised but definitely not pleasantly. Hardly any chocolate, sometimes really salty and my mouth didn't know wether I was eating dinner or dessert...it was weird and I kept trying to enjoy if but in the end I left most of it there.Awesome food--great for vegetarians.  A little pricey for those on a budget but it was my splurge dinner while I was in New Orleans.  
I was alone and wanted to sit outside--my waiter told me he would seat me there since it wasn't busy yet.
I had the heirloom tomato salad (great spicy papaya sauce on the side), the Indian Lentil Pancake, and their version of a mint julep (a little too syrupy for my taste).
Note that it's only open for dinner Thursday-Sunday.I recently stayed in NOLA for three days, and this was the only restaurant I ate at that seemed... well, relatively healthy. 
Everything I tried here was really tasty, by the way. They know how to use their spices at Green Goddess!What a wonderful evening!! I had heard great things about Green Goddess, but when I previewed the menu I was not blown away. I am a vegan, and there were some things I could eat, but everything sounded fussy and complicated, you know, those menus where everything has ingredients you've never heard of? But friends wanted to go, so I thought, What the heck? I'm glad I did...
We arrived with an hour wait. We decided to order some drinks, and the hostess very kindly brought us a table to put our drinks on. GG is a tiny place, and we were sitting in the alley outside. The staff was hesitant to serve us full on dinner, because it was supposed to rain.
Well, we got our drinks, then delicious appetizers (savory South Indian Ivory lentil pancake, and this delicious dip called muhamarra, with veggies). We finally decided to just go ahead and order dinner.
We all loved our meals, and can highly recommend:
Golden Beet Ravioli
Freaky Tabouli
Reverse Cassoulet
Armagnac- Soaked Mission Figs
And the desserts were great too!
For vegans, try the Saturn Calling. It's very good!
Sultan's Nest was also great.
Drinks:
Pear 75
Lightnin' Mary
They are going to be closed for a little while to renovate (moving into the space next store, so they'll have more room). I don't know how long they'll be closed.
It was a lovely evening, eating that wonderful food in the sweet little alley, with balminess and twinkling lights all around.Green Goddess has a pretty fantastic menu, and is well-located on Exchange Street. It's a bit small, though, and the seating in the back "courtyard" is really awkward. I could see into other people's apartments.
But the Pecan Orange Mushroom Pate was divine, to the point where I asked if they'd be willing to share the recipe (which seemed to stymie our server). The Duck You plate was good stuff. I actually preferred the duck breast to the duck popover, which surprised me. Spouse really liked his Swedish Meatloaf, though didn't like the grits all that much. I'd be interested in going during lunch during an 'outside seating' time to see if the experience is different.I was a little worried about finding a great place for a late breakfast (ok, maybe it was more lunch time towards then but who's counting) as a large group and with little time to spare before a scheduled tour but the Green Goddess was a heavenly send indeed. With Incredible food (yes, that is with a purposefully capitalized 'i') and speedy service, I could see myself frequenting this establishment weekly were it not for the far commute from the East coast to NOLA. Though we did not get a chance to try out al fresco dining here, as a bonus for others, GG offers outdoor seating in a charming little alleyway. 
In terms of menu items,  although I am a slow eater, I absolutely _inhaled_  the Cuban luau sandwich--though literally everything else sampled from plates of others was noteworthy. The French toast was literally the best I have ever had, owing to the very crunchy brown sugar crust. Also worth mentioning were the pork belly with red eye gravy and the shrimp & grits special. GG offers an impressive selection of wines--including sparkling options--so those interested in imbibing will not be disappointed. For those who are into bloody Marys, the place rocks this drink in a spicy, highly flavorful, delightful variety. Can't wait to go back!I had two separate experiences at Green Goddess- one that was a review worthy of a 4 or 5 and the other was unsuccessful with a side of annoyance.... to be fair, I decided to include both experiences and average my rating to a 3 star....
Upon arriving we checked into our hotel (Hampton Inn FQ) and walked down to the Quarter for a late lunch. Green Goddess was our destination and we walked in and were told by the server that they had just closed for lunch. We went to leave, but the chef invited us to stay and said he'd be happy to cook for us. What a fantastic meal! 
The place was a little small and hot, but the food was outstanding. My husband got the corn & jalepeno flapjack with pulled pork and slaw. The pancake was huge!! It was a little plain, but complemented so well by the pork and the homemake slaw. The three things really blended well together. I ordered the special which featured two crawfish cakes with romesco sauce and wasabi caviar and was accompanied by corn with caramelized onions and peppers and a salad with dressing. Ah-may-zing! The cakes had big pieces of crawfish in it and the sauces went so well with it. I'm a sucker for wasabi tobiko, too. The corn was very tasty and the salad was totally refreshing. It was exactly what I was looking for!
The next day we couldn't decide what to do for dinner and ended up on the late side of planning... We finally ended up back at Green Goddess. We had been drooling over the dinner menu the night before and decided to try it out. Bad idea..... there was a wait for outside tables and we added our name, figuring we'd wait for a while and catch a drink or two. There were about 4 couples in front of us and a table had just left. When we returned 15 minutes later the table was still dirty and no one had been sat, but another table had also opened. long story short, it took them about 30 minutes to even sit the other people waiting and it was now after 10pm and most other places were closed so we opted to wait. After a 45 minute wait, we asked how many others were in front of us and were told one more couple. He suggested we not leave and come back, as it was getting late and they wouldn't hold a spot. He suggested that we get drinks at the Pelican Club and he would put out two chairs and a menu for us to look over while we waited. After spending $20 on drinks (for two drinks) at the the Pelican Club (we took our time) and coming back outside, he was nowhere to be found and either were the chairs that were promised. The people who had been sat an hour previously when we got there still had no food and we decided to leave hungry and angry.Tonight was my sixth time eating at the Green Goddess.  If you can't tell, I love this place.  There is something amazing about a chef that changes the menu according to the ingredients that he has available to him.  
Everything that I've ever had here is amazing.  The dishes are well prepared and thoughtfully composed.  The alcohol menu from beer to wine has also had someone's special attention. 
What should you choose off the menu?  I would recommend choosing something that is a slight stretch for your usual taste, you will likely be rewarded.  I will always remember my first dish, Father Pat's Grilled Cheese.
-To make the most of your experience I would recommend inquiring with the server about the selections, they love to talk
-This place is small and you might have to wait, but it is worth it
-Give yourself the amount of time you need to enjoy yourself
-Look at the menu before you arrive, they update it on their website, that way you'll have an idea of what's current.
This place is good for romantic dinners, lingering dinners with a small group of friends, blowing off work in the middle of the day to booze it up with brunch and an excellent component of a New Orleans adventure.
Cheers!Summary based on 1 lunch:
--pleasant, somewhat out of the way venue on pedestrian mall
--veg friendly
--better than average, non traditional NOLA fare
--very pleasant, helpful staff
--prices ok
Stopped here for lunch and sat down with no wait at the bar.  Had the chilled watermelon/ginger/lime soup with crab (added by mistake).  Soup would have been fine without the crab.  
Also had their version of an uttapam/Indian pancake with various dal/chutney accompaniments.  Uttapam was fine, though I thought the spices were much more muted than what one would find in a "real" uttapam, but, then, I eat a lot of Indian food.  The uttapam was probably just right for the typical diner.Definitely one of my top 3 meals on this trip to New Orleans. As a vegetarian, New Orleans has been a challenge. Green goddess was an answer to my tofu prayers. They're salads and sticky tofu on tortillas were amazing.
The icing on the cake was that my family, 2 of whom are not vegetarians, had tons of options too. The boar meatloaf and creamy kale satisfied a very hungry 18 year old with fussy tastes. 
The atmosphere is wonderful - outdoor seating on a quiet and beautiful alley. Highly recommended!!2 distinct things I remember about New Orleans: 1) supposed lil wayne's cousin giving us a pretty forthright "holler" 2) Green Goddess' freakin delicious sweet potato biscuits.  
My girls and I made a trip to New Orleans during late summer.  It's not the usual travel spot for us, but we definitely had to make it somewhere in the south for that southern hospitality and the food.  During the whole trip, we were full pretty much 90% of the time from the time we woke up till we slept.  The food in New Orleans is so delicious and Green Goddess is definitely one of the most memorable food spots.
We came to Green Goddess for a weekend brunch.  The place is super small cafe, but do not be fooled by how small this place is because the food is feisty good.  I absolutely loved the atmosphere and decor, it's a bit smokey from the open kitchen and has a rustic southern/20's prohibition feel to the cafe!  Even though it's in the French Quarters, it didn't feel touristy at all.  
There drink menu is pretty expansive, had drinks for all types of occasions and likings.  How can we pass up drinks in the morning on a vacation especially in New Orleans?  I got the daily special and glad I did because it was super refreshing and woke me up the same way coffee would.  The sweet potato biscuits came out as something to nibble on while our lunch was cooking.  The biscuits came with honey butter.... yes HONEY butter! The biscuits were rich and thick and the honey butter was the perfect complimentary sweetness to it.  There is no way you can just nibble on these because these are so freakin delicious.  This is a must eat when you come to Green Goddess!
We ended up getting 2 dishes to share for the 3 of us.  The 2 dishes were more than enough for all of us, the dishes are a fair size and filling up on those biscuits with our morning cocktails was absolutely perfect for our afternoon brunch.  I would go back to New Orleans to eat these biscuits not to mention this has been added to my list of the "Best Thing I Ever Ate!"Service: Excellent. Smiling and pleasant wait staff. Prompt and not overbearing. 
Food: I had the sweet potato bisque soup which was excellent. I also had the vegetarian bimibop, which left something to be desired. The Tofu was very bland and the rice was also very bland. The veggies were good as was the sauce over top.
Atmosphere: I ate outside and it was very pleasant. 
Overall, very good. Good vegetarian/vegan options for those visiting New Orleans.My wife and I did some research online before our trip to NOLA over New Year's, and found a lot of talk about Green Goddess so we decided to try it out.
We arrived on a very rainy night, so we sat inside the tiny dining room. Very quaint and cozy. The cocktail and food menu is just so creative, and everything sounded delicious.
For drinks: I can't remember the name, but I had a ginger mint julep which was fantastic, and my wife had some sort of martini.
My wife and I decided to share 2 entrees: The Shrimp in a Grass Skirt and the Pulled Pork wrapped in Banana Leaf. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and served with a delicious slaw on the side. The real highlight of our meal was the pork, cooked in a delicious sauce, served with some of the best greens and sweet potatoes I've ever had.
Everything was seasoned and flavored perfectly. The staff was friendly and enthusiastic about their food, and the restaurant itself felt like a little hidden treasure tucked away from the craziness of the Quarter. Prices were VERY reasonable. A nice change from the typical NOLA creole fare. Highly recommended.After reading many positive reviews of Green Goddess, I admit I was skeptical when I first checked out their menu online:  it seemed a bit non-vegan friendly.  I e-mailed the chef to ask about his offerings - he wrote back quickly and with very positive words about his willingness to ensure that visiting vegetarians are made happy.  
First dinner in New Orleans on this trip - my friends and I were very very happy.  The restaurant is small and the wait was a bit long but with the best weather you could expect and a tasty beverage, it was easy to pass the time people watching (esp the nearly empty restaurant across the alley with a bizarre assortment of trophy wives & strippers as their sole apparent means of support).
At any rate, we were all thrilled with the delicious veggie plate - everything was cooked perfectly.  The salads were delicious - I had a seared chanterelle salad that made me very happy.  One of my friends - a mushroom skeptic - tasted the chanterelles and even said "I might have to reconsider my position on mushrooms!"  The chef personally attended us - he was very friendly and informative - he definitely knows his wines, too!  The ingredients were fresh and the sauces were perfect!
The three of us returned a few days later for lunch and it was equally delicious - I had a Cuban-style pressed sandwich stuffed with yummy greens and a Satsuma mimosa (yum!).  I look forward to visiting this delightful restaurant again on my next visit to New Orleans (I promise it won't be so long this time!)Green Goddess is the most remarkable restaurant anyone in our group has ever been to in the French Quarter. 
But not for good reasons.
The food was awful. By any standards. Ordered a duck sausage with apple po boy and ended up being able to taste nothing other than extremely, extremely heavily dijon mustard-soaked bread. This is not an exaggeration. It was literally impossible to taste anything other than the mustard. There was nothing subtle about the intensity or abusive quantity of the mustard. Not sure what kind of chef/cook/human being thinks dijon mustard is a good thing to pair with duck and apple. Maybe Green Goddess' chef is an alien... Or maybe and alien whose alien mother had Zika virus...
The other 2 dishes order by our group were not as unbelievably bad but were remarkably disappointing. All 3 were equally overpriced.
Green Goddess apparently likes guest disappointment to be well distributed in all facets of their restaurant because the service was nearly equally as offensive as the food. Nothing new to say here that hasn't been said in the other negative reviews- apathetic, inattentive, entitled, incompetent, etc. etc. At one point our server asked us how the food was. And we tried to tell her. But she was too busy acting too busy (they weren't that busy) and didn't actually listen to what we said ("not great"). Or, maybe she just could have cared less. Either way, the moment she asked how our food was, she was already turning around and walking off. C'est la vie.
Can't fathom how this place stays open in a culinary capital like New Orleans. Here's to Green Goddess going out of business sooner rather than later so something better can take their place (even though that's not saying much).When to NOLA for a birthday getaway. Let me tell you it's delicious! It was 3 of us and we all had something different and yummy. It's a lot of food so go hungry!! When you step inside it's not a looker but man, you will not be disappointed even if you eat meat.Spent time researching this place. Show up to a tiny dirty little dive . Not sure where they took the pics. Menu online was totally different then in restaurants.Guy who came to tell us specials seemed clearly bored and then literally looked at us like we were crazy when we said we did not eat seafood. We left a tip for the two glasses of lip stick water we got before we left. Tired of restaurants having friends writing fake reviews and putting menus online that they clearly could not keep up withThis is a very unique restaurant. Not fine dining, which is fine with me. I was travelling with friends to New Orleans and was struggling to find just basic vegetarian food. Green Goddess is a one of a kind restaurant. The folks serving us were very casual, very cool and fun. The menu is a fusion of continental and asian cuisine and tends to have a blend of different flavors. The entrees that my friends and I had each unique blend of tastes. Their pomegranate hummus is by far the best hummus I have ever had and we have tried making similar hummus at home, but nothing comes close to this. 10/10 would go again if I happen to visit NOLA.My night with Chef Chris and Co. at Green Goddess was a culinary highlight in my foodie-filled life. The meatless dishes were not at all an after thought, but delightful and rich. Fish was awesome. Mixed drinks were daring and interesting, while the wine list was expansive and coupled well with a plethora of their seasonal dishes. 
The customer service was the way it should be. I got the feeling the whole night from Chef Chris that I was eating in his home, which is probably close to reality since he spends most of his time in his restaurant. After I implored him to take me on a culinary journey, he was more than happy to come to our table multiple times, thoroughly explaining his thinking behind each dish.
Oh, the wait to get in can be long (an hour for a table for two), but so worth it that you cannot even think twice about not going because of this. And I suggest you order a drink while you wait in the quaint French Quarter pedestrian promenade outside.Let me start off by saying I loved the utensils. They were so different!
I went here for a quick lunch and had the Freekah Salad. So delicious. It was huge, too, so I ate a little less than half and brought the leftovers back for someone else to have. Everything on the menu looked so good, but I was craving salad. 
I would go back here and try other dishes because so many people have raved about this place.Absolutely amazing! The aesthetics and atmosphere feels like you are in Paris. Great selection for vegetarians and truly wonderful dishes to foodies out there! This is a healthy place that emphasizes the flavor and taste of their food... very impressed and would recommend!ok this place has some serious staff issues.  they would completely overshadow the joy i have had eating and drinking here in the past, but since it was only one bad experience, i'm going to pretend it was an isolated incident, even though it was the worst service i have had in this city to date.
jazzfest week and it's a small place so no reservations, give your name and wait for it to come up on the list.  girl taking the names/number of your party sees a table outside open up and calls the next party on the list - which happens to be a party of 3.  this table is easily big enough for 4, but there are 3 chairs at it.  most of the other tables are as big but only have 2 chairs.  point being - any number of folks from 1-4 are seated at this-sized table already.  
that party of 3 doesn't answer, she goes down the list to the NEXT PARTY of 3 (skipping a couple of names).  they aren't there, either.  i am with the 3rd party of 3 on the list.  my turn?  no - another table of the same size is now open with 2 chairs at it so she starts down the list of parties of 2 instead.  in the meantime, here comes the first party of 3, come to check on their position.  so they get seated.  only 1 of their party isn't there and they don't know if she's coming back.  so they get seated as a party of 2 at the 3-chaired table anyway.
when we are finally seated, they are out of menus so we only get one and one of the chairs at our table is broken.  we tell the waiter, he says he'll go get one that can be used, and is gone for 5 minutes.  i can see chairs not being used at other tables outside but no - he comes back with the replacement.
in the meantime, only two of our party have had a chance to peruse the single menu, so no, we're not ready to order food yet.  give us a few minutes.  but here's the drink order (thinking by the time he returns with those, we'll know what to eat).
15 minutes later, the drinks come out.  only instead of two mint juleps and one bloody mary - two bloody marys and one mint julep.  i tell him it's wrong and he takes one of the bloody marys and storms inside - not even stopping to take our food order or hear my friend say he'll drink it, anyway.
10 minutes later, the corrected drink is brought out by another server.  a much cheerier girl who is clearly here to deal with the ones the guy has had it up to HERE with.  so we order.  only the thing i want?  yeah, they just sold the last one of those.  to the table behind us.  that got seated 10 minutes after us.  so, not having a backup plan, i tell her to go ahead and put in my friends' orders and i'll get back to her in a few minutes - not wishing the same fate upon them as just befell me.  
she looks at me like i've just done something terribly insulting.  like picked my nose and wiped it on her shirt, or something.  seriously.  
so yeah - 2 hour lunch and i didn't even want the crap i was forced to order.  and i'm still annoyed that my kind, visiting friends even left a tip at all.  
gonna be a long time before i'm in the mood to give this place another chance.  but like i said before - good food (when you can get it) and hopefully not the new normal for service here.We had a delicious lunch here, though the prices were kind of high, I guess it cannot be avoided in the French Quarter.  I got the vegetable sampler which was very good but was literally only vegetables and I would have liked a bit of protein in my meal.  The roasted fingerling potatoes were some of the best I have had.  We also shared a side of cheesy manchego grits which was an excellent decision.  I am a vegetarian and it was nice to have a restaurant with various options for me.  My boyfriend got the meatloaf sandwich and the duck fries and loved both of those.  If it were cheaper I probably would have eaten here again.It was fine. Obviously they have many options for vegetarians. But the restaurant seemed very pokey, and the section we were in kept losing power because people would trip on the extension cord... Just didn't seem worth it. The food was interesting- they had some unique combinations, but none were memorable.This was ok, I am not a vegetarian. I did eat at Carmo a few times before trying this and it was good. I did put organic siracha on my Poe Boy I ate. I would eat here again cue spot kinda of hidden and tucked away. I have lunch here. Service was pretty good as well.Really enjoyed his place. Really nice outdoor seating with a breeze (I suppose they didn't cook that up but I enjoyed it just the same). I had the beet hummus with fresh veggies and the bananas foster vegan dessert. It was luscious. The beer dip had hot sauce and bravo for that. The banana foster with coconut ice cream hit the spot and was quite full of flavor. Relaxing but still with the energy of the quarter.The grilled cheese with pear butter might be the apex of the grilled cheese art form, especially when paired with a dark hard cider. That's all I have to say.A refuge for vegetarians in a city with dismally few options; creative menu! Even hip!We dined at Amano, Green Goddess, Root, Peche while in Nola for a few days. My favorite was Green Goddess - high quality food, good ambiance, good vibe and sound level.Green Goddess is tucked away in Exchange Place and offers nice al fresco dining if the weather's nice. The menu has a lot of interesting options that offer something different in a sea of po boys and gumbo. 
It's hard for me to fully rate this, because I didn't really experience the full presentation of my meal. I try to minimize my gluten intake, so a lot of the more exciting looking options were off the menu for me. While the ensalada de mofongo was appealing, I was really intrigued by the boudin hash. I opted out of the sweet potato biscuit (much to the sadness of our server), and, I think because of my discussion about gluten, it arrived sans gravy.  
The hash was a combination of fingerling potatoes, boudin, and cochon, combined into a patty and grilled. It was tasty and perfectly crisp on the outside, although I felt like it needed a little bit of a sauce or something (after a few bites I was regretting my decision to pass on the gravy), and the egg was perfectly poached. The truffle grits were phenomenal, but very rich, and very salty. My dining companion had the pork belly, which she said was delicious; she also commented on the saltiness of the grits.
Service was attentive and knowledgeable about menu items, and the location was central while feeling off the beaten path. I have some regret about getting something and modifying away half of it, as I think I might have missed out on some of the flavor/experience, but I also returned to my meeting nicely sated, rather than stuffed and ready for a nap! Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.SO glad to find Green Goddess open on a Sunday night. I was looking for a cool place to check out during an overnight business trip to NO and I found it.  Good stuff happening in this little place.
I ate at the bar and was treated to some great conversations with Chef Chris and a bird's eye view of efficient, creative cooking. I had the spooky blue corn crepes because I was psyched to see huitlacoche on the menu. They were sublime with the wild mushrooms and splash of brandy sauce. Then I had peppers, really enjoying the very tender, subtly spicy pork stuffing.
The cocktails looked fun, but I stuck with wine and was happy with the LIOCO Indica and Palacios Petalos that Chef recommended.  the next time I'm in New Orleans, I will definitely go back to see what new creations are coming out of this kitchen.I can't... I've tried... I just, I just can't put into words how much I love this place. Chef Paul Antigues and Chef Chris DeBarr take pride in their food and it shows. 
Also, the See Rock City Mint Julep and the Aviation MSY are divine.Wedge salad for starters, snails, tails and tasso as the main, followed by the most decadent French toast I've ever had and a tawny port from the 1960s. Awesome little space on Exchange Alley, they played WEEN the whole time we were there, the French tourists seated next to us were the most charming people I've ever seen in my life, amazing energy between the chef and the wait staff. Could have stayed here all night, to be honest. In the hotter months, try to sit outside. We worked up a sweat eating! One of the gems of NOLA dining without being stuffy and chi chi foo foo like those other "star" restaurants out there (you know the ones I'm talking about). This is a place to actually eat, not to worry about who sees you eating there. Can't wait to go back again and again and again.Four words.....Kale, Burrata, Beet, Salad. I can't say enough about how fantastic this dish was. I also ordered the Truffle Grits, though it had chunks of truffles, it could have been a bit more 'truffly'. Service is curt but efficient and the patio is quintessential NOLA dining. You should definitely try this gem for lunch.Get the grilled cheese.  The chef and owner came out to talk to all the guests.  All the dishes were very thoughtful and creative.Awesome place and excellent service . Staff is very friendly and helpful to guide thru menu .Great for vegetarians. I had uttapam and it's unique twist on Indian dish . Must if you are in NOLA.Would have liked to try the food and drinks here based on the reviews.  But, as we walked up, no waiter or host was in sight.  So, we poked our head in the door and were then "greeted" with a gruff man who asked what we wanted.  We told him we were looking for a snack.  He looked at us.  Then mumbled and directed us to a table outside.  While telling us about some "special", he was looking up at the rooftops, then the walls, then the ground, etc.  Water...not going to happen.  He returned to take our order in about 30 seconds after we started looking at the menu.  We asked for a little more time.  Big Mistake.  I guess since we wanted a snack and not a meal we weren't worth his time.  We left and found another place.Great food & service. WiFi was down. Loved the collard greens Cuban sandwich with cold watermelon soup. Everyone was super nice even though I was there very late for lunch.As vegetarians finding food in NOLA is a challenge. The food at Green Goddess was amazing each time we went. The food is gourmet and everything we had was good and the prices are moderate. I had the ginger flavored ice tea which was very refreshing.A former local told us we had to try it. 
AWESOME meal. 
So good we went back again the next day. 
This place proved that famous tv chefs can't hold a candle to local, creative, and fresh young talent. 
The only drawback is the tiny size. I recommend sitting outside if you can. Personally I'm a bit clausterphobic so sitting inside was not an option :-)I was desperate for a salad in NewOrleans and was tickled pink to find this place.  I needed a quick lunch, as I was due back to my workshop, and the service was quick and efficient.  The Heirloom Tomato salad was my choice, but I wanted more greens...my waitress suggested adding arugula...perfect addition.  The grilled manchego cheese atop the tomatoes was delicious and with spices added...only thing I could have done without was the garlic aioli...just not an aioli fan.  Brown Sugar Lemonade was my first ever, and what a treat it was.  I do agree, maybe it could have been a tad cheaper for lunch, but my taste buds, and stomach were satisfied!!Top 10 meals I've ever had! Amazing! So fresh and delicious! Everything was seasoned perfectly.NOT EASY to find vegetarian food when staying near the French Quarter. This place is IT! Don't waste time trying to find vegetarian options on other restaurant menus--just come here. Their food was outstanding! Closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, but the price cannot be beat for the quality of food. Highly recommend the veggie cuban sandwich, and their crab sandwich is excellent for non-vegetarians.If you are looking for a array of flavors with interesting combinations then you are in for a treat. This place has some of the most unique dishes in New Orleans. Truly set apart from the normal cuisine you find in New Orleans and very good. The cocktails are also unique in style and fantastic. The service has improved since it first opened. Perfect for dining outside on a beautiful day or evening. Very small in size and outside seating is usually preferred.FANTASTIC 
We had lunched and liked it so much we came back for dinner
I forgot to take a picture of the tofu po' boy we had for lunch.  It was delicious!
Dinner was the mushroom chimichuri and green goddess salad (without bacon)
Yummy in my tummy!
Services also great 
Dinner table was dark we were wishing for a candle, but used my cell phone flashlight insteadObviously this place is awesome.
Cool little outdoor spot, in an alley near The Montelione.  Traveling with the puppy so another alfresco dinner.
Mmm 
Wife had the Nuts and Cherries salad.  Veggie deliciousness.  Pickeled fennel?  Dill in the aoli. Awesome greens
I had the Swedish Meatloaf.  Perfection. Grass fed beef, delicious seasoning, I think they quick fry the slice after the loaf is baked so it's crispy and browned. Served with a lingonberry pepper jelly.  Along side some kale that tastes like delicious collards AND little fried potato cubes with a few perfectly prepared mushrooms with a little cream sauce.  It's like a little puff of the best cream of mushroom soup you ever had.
Wow!Recvomended by a Lady we met at stage door manor in upstate NY. We saw a few old looking small restaurants , then my wife looked up the address. The double IPA from hops rising was just what I wanted after my 7;30 flights. At $4:00 what a deal. The crab sandwich was overflowing with great crabby. My wife's cheese plate with her glass of red wine was a perfect paring.
Good service and friendly staff .SO Delicious! A little hard to find....(I'm from out of town) but worth the hunt! 
One of the few places in New Orleans that has vegetarian options! I was seriously searching vegetarian options in New Orleans on google. 
I had the Truffle Manchego Cheese Grits. TO DIE FOR!My wife and I had dinner at Green Goddess on their third night in business. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed dinner...
Highlights:
* The food itself was great. We had the Green Goddess wedge salad, which is loaded with fresh seafood, the blue corn crepes, the tamarind shrimp and the creme brulee for dessert.
* The special (non-alcoholic) cocktails were tasty, especially the Ginger Mint Julep.
* Location... sitting outside in Exchange Place was really nice... although we're not sure how well it's going to work in rain or sweltering heat. 
* Service... there's a small crew who seems to be totally in the groove. 
Room for improvement:
* They don't yet have a liquor license. Yes, I know this means you can bring your own, but without knowing the menu better we weren't sure what to bring that would pair well. I'm sure this will get worked out in a few weeks.
* Table. Perhaps I'm being too anal here, but our table was seriously rickety... we found ourselves playing see-saw from opposite sides. I don't care that the tables aren't level (since they are outside on an uneven surface) but get out a screwdriver and tighten up the tables. Some candles on the tables would be really nice, too.
* Plating. My wife doesn't agree, but I thought they could improve their plating. The crepe was served in the dark, on a dark plate, covered in a dark sauce. We had a late dinner (9:30 PM) so the food really was served in the dark. A lighter colored plate and candle on the table would have added tremendously to my initial impression. Mind you, it tasted great. Likewise, my tamarind shrimp didn't look like much all piled up in a bowl.
* The consistency of the Creme Brulee was kinda runny, but it tasted great.
If I could give Green Goddess 3.5 stars, I would. But three stars seems too low so let's call it four, especially given that this was just the third night of their soft opening.
The food is the real attraction here... it's fresh, interesting, very well prepared and incredibly tasty. The menu runs across a broad gamut (which is why I placed this review in three categories)... the night we were there the menu ranged from Crawfish Boil Salad, South Indian Savory Ivory Lentil Pancake and Bison and Bacon Meatloaf. It's sounds like the menu will be constantly changing, which will make it impossible to drop Green Goddess neatly into a single category.Duck confit is bull***t! Skip the salad..seriously. the dressing was awful and the duck tasted like it has been in the fridge for a week. It was reheated and completely dry. The pork belly was basically four half pieces of thick sugar coated bacon. The grits was super salty. The oyster stew was a watery soup with 3 oysters ( for $10)
Total $50 with tip.Mixed review.
Food:
Mojo pork was amazing. One of the best dishes I had in New Orleans. We also had a sad shrimp salad which was literally 4 unseasoned cooked shrimp on top of a handful of spring mix boxed salad greens. Pretty pathetic for a place that touts itself as a vegetarian restaurant. 
Service:
Again a mixed bag.  The servers were very attentive but entirely stuck up and snotty. 
Hard to recommend.Interesting- Some things were just ok, but some things were AMAZING. The cocktails are overwrought. The appetizers (fried squash blossoms -yum, and 'indian' lentil cake - not) were mixed. Entree (quinoa stuffed tomato) was fabulous! And the desert (French toast stuffed with orange scented goat cheese and covered in a molasses sauce) was TO DIE FOR! I would go back again and again... but I'm not local. :-(If you order well here, this might be one of the great meals of your life. Yes, you'll have to wait to sit down. Sure, you'll think all the waiters and waitresses are stoned. But this food will KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF. I had the sweet potato biscuits with wild mushroom gravy and poached eggs. I mixed it all together with the caramelized heirloom tomatoes and was absolutely floored by how great it was. If you want to get away from meat for a meal in the French Quarter, this is the place for you.I went here for lunch twice with my husband.  The first time we were happy with our meal.  We split the small half-wedge salad, which was ok (dressing was a bit bland).  We also split two sandwiches - the bison meatloaf and the luau Cuban and we really liked both.  So much so we went back two days later for lunch again.  Big mistake.  I had a salad with shrimp.  It came with four shrimp, one of which I gave to my husband.  I ate most of the three remaining shrimp because I kept hoping one of them would be good.   But they weren't.  They were fishy and nasty (and my husband said his was the same).  I felt nauseated the rest of the day.  (My husband's lunch was the Indian pancake, which was suprisingly boring.)  So if  you like to gamble, you could get a good meal (like we did the first time), but you might not.  It's a bit too expensive to risk it, however.Hands down my favorite spot in Nola.  For an epic one of a kind experience order the tasting menu and let them pair your drinks.  Chef Chris often comes out with the dishes to introduce his marvelous creations.  Don't forget to have the most amazing cocktail in the french quarter- The Green Fuse- as an after dinner drink.  Get it in a to go cup and relish the beauty of the city and know you've got the best damned thing you can put in a plastic cup around there!  
This place is pure foodie heaven for lunch or dinner.  The vegetarian options are good (the mushroom crepes are AMAZING) but the real joy is in eating everything these guys have put together in all its crazy glory.  We ate here 4 times during our week long stay and it'll be the first place we eat when we come back to the city.  Don't miss this place!I will never forget the watermelon basil gazpacho topped with fresh crab that was perfect on a hot day and mini bottles of champagne.  I came back the next day for more but they were closed.  Very nice outside seating area.Went back for my 'last meal' in the city during my second trip to nola, and I just can't say enough about this little restaurant. Called to make sure they were open, since it was rainy and the last time I had eaten there only outdoor seating was available, but they were open today with indoor seats.
Dannnng, they make a mean-not-lean-but-worth-that-booty-bump-sammich! I had the roast beef po'boy and ma boo had biscuits and gravy.
Thanks for all that you do, y'all's! Keep puttin love in your food!Great Place. Food was very good and the cocktails imaginative. Even the guy with the nose ring was great (in spite of his bad prior review!) My wife and I really liked this place.Fabulous! Creative food and drink and wonderful service. I was dining in a party with both vegetarians and someone with food allergies, and the staff was great with answering questions about ingredients. The vegetarian dishes are excellent - there are always multiple options, and they're given just as much thought and attention as the ones with meat. I had a sweet-potato cake with beets and goat cheese, and it was _incredible_. 
It's a small space, so it can get crowded, but it's definitely worth the wait!Had the meatloaf sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!!! Would definitely go back! And the wait staff all go above and beyond and take care of each other's tables which was great to see!Delicious food, great service, and perfect location!  We hit Bourbon street for a little bit, and then snuck away to this place for dinner and it was sooo good.  They have meat options too, but the vegan stuff is terrific (and I'm not even Vegan!)
I think their menu must rotate or something, because I'm pretty sure what I got isn't on there and I can't remember exactly what it was called.  It was some kind of savory pancake thing (but pretty sure not that South Indian one! I'm Indian, I would know!!) which was really good, and I really don't recognize the other names on the menu either so unfortunately I can't help with what to get.
BUT for dessert, I can tell you to definitely get the apple cheese crepe/whatever.  So we ordered that and the guy accidentally gave us the chocolate cheese french toast, which we ate and was ALSO delicious, but then he felt bad and gave us the apple one, which was EVEN BETTER!  But we also made him help us eat it, because that's too much food.  
Anyway, the locations a little small, but its cute and highly recommended!  They have a good selection of cocktails too, but we refrained since we had about 10 hrs of drinking ahead of us :Pawesome and different.  outside seating, in a quiet alleyway, not trashy.  Wait staff was trying their best but it was weeds-time when I ate on a Tues night.  Gotta try the tomato app and the sweet potato thing.One of the best meals I've ever had in New Orleans.
We started off with cocktails, they were pricey, but pretty large.  My martini lasted me thru dessert.
To start, we had the chefs choice cheese tasting, which he came out and explained all the differences and flavors of each cheese to us.  Delightful!
For our main course, I had the seared tuna & watermelon, and my boyfriend had the pulled pork.  It was nothing short of foodie perfection.
Dessert was the Sultans Nest...all I can say about it is...WOW.
The staff was SUPER friendly and laid back, the owner came by out table to chat a couple times, and our outdoor table was utterly perfect.  We were there on Easter Sunday for dinner, and I couldn't have asked for a better meal.
We will most definitely be back.I stopped by Green Goddess after I already had lunch, so I only tried their bacon sundae for dessert.  The ice cream was very good but I think there was too much whipped cream.  For $8 (I think), it deserved more ice cream rather than whipped cream.  
This restaurant is kind of hidden, not really on a main street.  Upon arrival, we sat inside.  Well I don't think the restaurant has air conditioning or something because it was way too hot.  So we moved outdoors.  Unfortunately, it started raining so we had to move back indoors! Needless to say, it was very hot and I already get hot too easily....my sundae probably could've lasted longer if it was cooler and I wouldnt have to scarf it down.  
The service was great though.  I would give this place a higher rating, but the restaurant itself really seemed run-down.  So it's not really a place I would go back to if I could choose any restaurant to visit in NOLA.  
P.S. definitely not stroller friendly unless you plan on sitting outdoors. The inside is very small.Brunch.  One of the best meals of my life.  Even now, sitting in my office thinking about it, I can taste the delicious blend of duck and egg in my mouth.  I ordered the duck confit hash, I don't give a crap what anyone else at our table ordered, nor do I care who was there.  This meal was excellent, and I had to go back the next day to order it again.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the was the perfect blend of juicy meat and crisp skin, the biscuit with hot pepper jelly was so good that tried to buy some off of the wait staff.  
Another thing that I love about Green Goddess is that it introduced me to Shiner Bohemian Black Lager.  
So good, that while I am looking at others' reviews I find myself opening a new tab and looking at flights to NOLA.Overpriced, and the food is flavorless and nothing special. The wait staff is also incredibly rude and acts like they're doing you a favor taking your order. The only thing this place does well is take your money. Go somewhere else.This place looks super cute from the outside. Too bad the seating inside doesn't match up. We were cramped in a table next to the bathroom door and a couple making out. Drinks are strong!! Shrimp in a grass skirt is very tasty! Just a bit spicy and pairs great with the pineapple saladThe best place around! We ate here for lunch and dinner and tried most vegan and vegetarian dishes! It is beyond words! It is orgasmic food! Just try it! I wish I could give 5 stars !I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've been searching for some quality, non-touristy and reasonably priced food or a couple days now. The people who have been complaining about price here must not have eaten much of the food in the French Quarter, it's all over priced. This place is well worth what they are charging compared to the rest,it's not cheap, but reasonable. This is not a vegetarian restaurant, but they do have good vegetarian options and use quality locally grown ingredients.  
I won't go into a long description about the restaurant because the way they describe it on their website is accurate. They must have had an excellent photographer because the pictures definitely show it up. It's not quite that nice looking, but that's to be expected when trying to judge by a picture. I ate outside in the evening which was a pleasant experience because it's located off the street in the alley which has a nice feel to it. 
The menu is incredibly creative and descriptive and offers a good variety of choices.  
Here's the bottom line, the food is superb. Although they don't have the space and ambiance of a fine dining (which isn't what there trying to do) restaurant the quality and flavor of the food is fine dining quality for half the price. I had the Cochon de Lait/Lei (pulled pork dish) which is probably the safest thing on the menu according to my waitress. The portion wasn't huge but I felt like it was enough to satisfy. Every bite of my meal was just as satisfying as the last.
If I were staying longer I would come back everyday just to try somethng different!They have one of the best wedge salads I have ever had.  Also the sweet potato biscuits are to die for with the pepper jam.
Small and charming and a great place to pop in for something healthy or not so healthy.Great vegetarian heaven that's heath-conscious!
It's in an alley and you dine outdoors. This was our first meal in NOLA and we waited for 15min+ but it totally was worth the wait under the sun.
SERVICE 3/5
I think it's a little understaffed so it took really long to be seated, to take orders and get the bills. However the servers were super nice and helpful!
FOOD 4.5/5
We ordered Pork Belly and Shrimp Banh Mi and a Grilled Cheese Kale Sandwich with a side of brussel sprouts! Cheese melts in the sandwich and than your mouth. It's really filling with big portion! I have great appetite even under such heat!!!The food was nice... a bit pricey. There was som lack of good vibes at the place. ... maybe because of the touristy locationAfter days of fried food my husband & I were craving some leafy greens, not easy to come by in NOLA, unless they are fried, that is. So, with a little internet searching we came across this restaurant with good reviews on their food. So we strolled on over & took a seat at their back alley restaurant. Some might find that unpleasant, (no AC, etc) but it was shady so we didn't mind. First one server sat us down & told us the hummus (a very well reviewed appetizer & one of the items I mentioned I wanted to order) had run out, & he brought us water. Then a different server came & told us about specials & took our order. Then a different server brought us food & asked us about it. I have a lot of restaurant experience, so at first I thought this was a front/back or foodrunner type situation. But it soon became clear that there was no order here, no one was responsible for our table & it was just sort of haphazard. (This is something we encountered in more than one restaurant in NOLA, but being used to good table service when we're paying for it was irritating to us.) Food came, my husband had the duck sausage which he said was good. He also had a beet & goat cheese salad, while I had an arugula salad with citrus dressing. Aside from a yummy dressing neither of these salads were anything to write home about & I could make a better salad in my kitchen at home. My salad was literally just arugula & nuts with dressing & it wasn't cheap. I could get a better salad at Panera for less. What made me write this review though was the lipstick on the glasses. After 10-15 mins or so, my husband realized the plastic water glass they gave us (that he had been drinking out of with no straws!) had a bright pink set of lipstick marks on the rim. I called one of our many servers over & pointed this out. He said "sorry about that" and brought us another. Not as apologetic as I would have been to one of my tables, but hey it's NOLA & it's just too hot for them to get worked up about anything. A few minutes later I'm drinking my iced-tea (same plastic glasses) & I notice evidence of pink lipstick on MY glass. I pull ANOTHER one of our servers over & point this out & even apologize for making a fuss but mention that this is the second time this has happened to us at this meal. This server say "Oh, huh. I'll get you another." Were this my table, I would have asked my manager to comp the meal, an app or at the very least the drink. Barring that (b/c managers can be sticklers sometimes) I would have prostrated myself with apologies & made sure the table felt that I was sorry & attentive & that everything else was OK. None of this happened. Instead she just brought me out another iced-tea, this time with a straw already in it, with NO WRAPPER ON IT! Anyone in the food service industry knows you either give the straws out still wrapped, or you rip the bottom off & put it in the drink with the top of the wrapper still on it. There are hygienic reasons for this. But I guess I shouldn't be surprised a restaurant that doesn't properly clean their glasses doesn't can about hygiene! We were pretty much ignored for the rest of our meal & left very disgruntled & lighter in the wallet. My advice if you really want yummy, healthy food that is unique & interesting go to Carmo in the Central Business District. Delish! & CLEAN!Another gem. At first the menu seemed a bit distracted. Having decided on the Himalayan salt brick seared beef tips and the banana leaf wraped pulled pork, they were wonderful. I thought the pickles were too just a touch too "sharp" and would could have been better balanced, but this is a little hole-in-the-wall, and priced accordingly. A couple of detractors included the very smoky interior and new server who was pleasant but still learning the ropes - all compensated by the quirky menu and great flavours. Also intrestingly broad wine list.Green Goddess was a fun place to eat!  The location was excellent and very unexpected.  Usually the only food I can find that close to Bourbon St. is drunk-people pizza, but this was tucked away on a little pedestrian mall that we almost walked right past.
There were small, cozy outdoor tables which were perfect for quiet conversation, though we ended up getting forced inside because of a huge and unexpected downpour.  Inside was a little cramped, but we were excited about the food and drinks, so we didn't mind too much.
As the name might hint, there were a lot of vegetarian-friendly options on the menu.  But Green Goddess does serve all kinds of meat.  
Reading the menu was a treat in and of itself because everything sounded so unusual.  Also, I'm a sucker for a long list of ingredients, and each menu item had about a zillion very fancy-sounding elements to it (pomegranate syrup, green grains, bacon fed upon the grasses of the great, wild hinterlands of Montana [I'm paraphrasing here], etc.).  Throughout my meal, I sort of wished that I had kept my menu as a kind of guide to remind me what I was eating.  
The only drawback to Green Goddess is that the portions are quite small, so we ended up doing things tapas-style, and some of us left hungry.  (One $8 menu item, though beautiful, was nothing more than an intricately-decorated tomato slice.)
The Green Goddess wedge salad had green goddess dressing and hearts of palm, among other things.  The most hearty thing that my party ordered was the South Indian dish, which tasted great and was more filling than the other dishes.  I ordered a spicy red pepper and walnut dip with vegetables such as hearts of palm, potatoes, cooked carrots, radishes, and cucumbers to dip into it.  (See what I mean?  The list of ingredients is staggering!)
We also ordered two desserts, the Norwegian chocolate and goat cheese-filled French toast and the black rice pudding, and they followed the theme of the rest of the dishes: tasty, a bit unusual, and filled with all kinds of unexpected ingredients.
I would highly recommend this place, at the very least because of how out of the ordinary it is.  But a word of caution: this is definitely not hangover food for the Bourbon St. crowd.  Too many thinly sliced, herb-infused vegetables and not enough grease.I had my best vegan meal here! Citrus hongo and the bananas foster are shake in my boots good!!Wonderful place.  I had the apple French toast as lunch and it was perfect.  Savory and sweet and I only wish I had room for more.   I hope to go back for dinner as there were many menu items that looked delicious.   Skip the touristy places and seek out this gem!In a word.......brilliant.
As far as I can tell, there are two guys working the kitchen and a waitress working the front end of the restaurant.  Truly, this is the absolute embodiment of a hole-in-the-wall place in the French Quarter.
That said, the food is inventive, fresh, tasty, creative and so so so worth a stop.  It's a bit tricky to find, but be sure to get there before a spiky-headed Food Network hosts shows up or a pudgy Brooklynite tries to eat five pounds of tasty fried catfish without vomiting while random local actors bellow wildly in the background.
TIP - they've started doing happy hour tasting-type menus on Mondays and when my group visited on Monday, we got right in.The restaurant is on a cute little street, and has reasonable number of options for a vegetarian like me. Interesting beverages (Rose Lemonade, which was quite nice), and we had the Uthapums for main course, which was a nice fusion twist to the traditional Uthapum.Delicious and healthy option (hard to find that combo in Nola). Also like the location. Highly recommended for vegetarians visiting my favorite city.Just happened across this place down a pedestrian alley in the French Quarter.  The menu looked interesting and the food proved it.  I had the Luau Cuban Sandwich, which had pepperoni, pickled peppers, pulled pork and pineapple on a grilled ciabatta.  It was so hot (temp) I could hardly bite in.  The bread was toasted to perfection and the mix of flavors a little strange but very tasty.  This is a tiny place, but, if the rest of the menu is as good as this sandwich, it is a real find.Service wasn't great but the food was AMAZING! beet hummus is a must also had a salad w the local fish then I put some hummus on it too. Also, good wine options!Great vegetarian options!  Interesting menu and nice location with outdoor seating. A little pricey for what you get but I think you're paying for the location. 
The winter squash soup was tasty and the winter veg salad was delicious....huge pile of fresh greens with seasonal roasted veggies.Perfect, absolute LOVE! 12 seats indoors, casual, most intimate as you can get!  Obviously, it is about outdoor dining in the better weather, but we were there in the deep freeze of January 2010, so tucked inside was a Good Thing.  
So onto the cooking.... Can the 2 guys cook?!  Yes!  Can I  make them my love food slaves?!  Please!   Wow!  These guys can cook.  
Simple dishes such as a Cuban sandwich or... get this, Shrimp and Grits (Manchego based!) .. become heavenly.   And the fact that they are perfecting the NY cocktail world (try the Harem's Secret.. rose water, gin and orange bitters)..   
Our next door neighbors,  all three different dining parties declared that if they had known about them earlier they would have eaten their every day.  and we agree, and will be back later in this week.
As for my freezing day, later in the day, I asked the Port o Call folks (okay I was on a bender) if they had heard of them and only the girl working there said yes.. And, the rest of them were about to give up their die-hard anti-downtown-ways to check them out, though.  Everyone asked, 'aren't they vegetarian?!'   Ah, Green Goddess.. maybe I shouldn't tell anyone this.. but No, Sir!! Are you kidding?!  (They have a friggin' bacon sundae on their dessert menu.) Not that they do not have a fine flavorful option for the gorgeous-thinking-sensitive-beauty-queen in your party.  
This was one of the most amazing meals ever in New Orleans.Loved, loved, loved the food!!!
I was so glad we got to eat here before we left. Definitely off the beaten path with seating outside. The weather was gorgeous so we didn't mind. 
For appetizers we got the grits with manchego. I luuurrrv manchego cheese, but wasn't sure if I'd like grits. The one time I'd tried them I didn't like them. Not to worry. These were creamy, rich & delish!  We also had the sweet potato biscuits. Flaky & light. Don't know which was tastier with it, the steen syrup or the pepper jam. 
For our entrees, my husband had the vegetarian Cubano. Sweet, sour & savory all at once. It was a blast of different flavor a that you wouldn't think to put together. I personally loved mine best of all. I had the apple stuffed cheddar French toast. This is on their menu an entree & a dessert & it qualifies as both. Sweet, crunchy & tangy.Great food, service could be better. I had the Raclette and a glass of wine. The food was terrific; the wine, a bit overpriced, but good. I'm not picky with service, but these guys need some training in dealing with the public. They look and sound grumpy and annoyed even when they try to be nice. I asked if the payment was cash only - you see those signs every where in NOLA, I wanted to check before paying. The guy stared at me as if I was asking the most nonsense question. "Where did you see it here?" - was his answer. A simple: "We accept cards too" would have done the job, no rudeness necessary.I think the place is overhyped and overpriced. It is a good concept restaurant, but you have to wait for a long time as they just have a few tables. Be prepared to sit just next to the kitchen if all the good places are taken. The food was good and tasty, I liked the Utthapam.A cute little out of the way charmer. We had some wine and cheese which was delicious and the little outdoor area reminded me of a little cafe on the back streets of Paris.Was in the area for business and travelling with a vegetarian so we decided to give Green Goddess a try.
I wasn't expecting outdoor seating, but it worked.  In my opinion, the french quarter can be very dirty and not necessarily where I'd want to eat outside, but the little alley was tucked away and quiet (and clean).
Service was mediocre.  They forgot things we had ordered and went missing for some time.  Our server's attitude came off to me as fake, like she was trying to do the southern charm thing but really didn't want to be there.
Service aside...
We had the beet hummus and a cheese plate to start.  Both were great and I loved that they gave you a nice helping of bread, veggies, etc.  One coworker had a corn soup and said it was delicious as well.
I can't remember the exact names of our dishes, but two of us had an Indian type vegetarian dish.  I had a lemongrass tofu "sandwich" plate.  My coworkers enjoyed their dish thoroughly and my tofu was wonderful.  I didn't really know what to expect and couldn't have been happier!
Overall it was quite good food wise.  I will likely return but prepared for mediocre service.Friend and both thought food tasted very good. 
Both cocktails were straight nasty.
The only reason to go here is for veg options.
Waiter was surly and never smiled. I felt like an annoyance to him. Dramatically threw leftover waters against building across from tables. Could have just dumped them in a planter. Bad vibes.Best meal I've had in New Orleans. 
I got the sweet potato biscuits with mushroom gravy and two eggs poached in a crab boil. Sounds good?  It also had manchego truffle grits on the side. 
Fantastic!
The place is very small with maybe 4 tables inside and the same number outside. Well worth any wait you experience.We are visitors to New Orleans and chose Green Goddess based on yelp reviews, vicinity to our hotel, and expense (we didn't want to spend a ton on this meal since we'd eaten an overpriced meal the night before).
Green Goddess is an interesting place.  They have stuck tables pretty much anywhere they will fit in their odd little space (a main room/bar, a hallway, the enclosed courtyard, an upstairs room I didn't see).  Service was friendly but perhaps a bit slow.  We ordered a Green Goddess wedge salad, a sorcerer's gallette, and stuffed peppers (called something more interesting on the menu.  
I do not know why, but the salad was served with our meal rather than ahead of our main dishes.  There were only two of us, so it clearly was not intended to be an entree.  It was very good--I liked the subtle taste of the dressing.  One of the shrimp, though, had not been de-veined, and I'm squeamish about shrimp anyhow so that kind of put a damper on the salad.  The other dishes were both very good but on the small side--we did not realize that the restaurant is mainly small plates, and if you are truly hungry and come here you should expect to spend quite a bit.
The bacon sundae, though, was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  I would go back for a sundae again and again, and it's probably worth visiting Green Goddess just to have the sundae.
Also, the restroom could use a good scrubbing.  The toilet and sink were clean themselves, but easily overlooked areas like the top of the toilet paper holder, baseboards, and corners of the floor really needed a good once-over.  Not so bad that you'd feel uncomfortable using it, just one of those things that I think most people would notice.  It was also cold in the restaurant (unusually cold in NO right now, so perhaps there is nothing to be done about this).  Our waitress was wearing a parka.Highly recommended.
Those with a culinary taste for adventure will be greatly rewarded. Right off the bat the menu is not going to appeal to a good chunk of the dining public. It isn't huge, but there is a tremendous amount of care and creativity put into each item. 
Located in something of a alley off the main streets, Green Goddess's main dining room is more or less cafe tables set up outside on the street, so be sure to grab one and people watch. 
Started with an absolutely spectacular heirloom tomato bloody mary. No sludgy mix out of a bottle. Real tomatoes, rich spices, and good vodka. Highly recommended.
Of the 8-9 entrees, I debated for quite some time between about half of them. I easily could have done "eeny meeny miny moe" and not been disappointed. The pork belly bahn mi was wonderful. Sweet glaze over thick, savory pork belly, topped with grilled shrimp and standard bahn mi fixings. Absolutely wonderful, all of it.
All items are more than reasonably priced. For the quality and creativity you're getting, it's an absolute bargain. Five stars.Agree with many of the other reviews: great spot, great food but the service really needs work.I was staying at the InterContinental with 2 coworkers for a conference and we asked the concierge for a lunch spot that could accommodate a vegetarian in our party. He recommended Green Goddess and, just based on the name alone, we were on our way. It is located a short walk away from the hotel in a cozy alleyway and very "organic" looking, with lemon trees and salad greens growing in planters outside the restaurant. The restaurant itself is very tiny and crowded inside and they only have 7 or so tables outside so do expect a wait unless you get there really early. We arrived on Sunday around 12:45 and waited about an hour. It wasn't too bad though, given the perfect weather on the first day of Spring, but I can see it being less pleasant on hotter, more humid days.
FOOD:
* Duck Fat Home Fries = these had really good flavor and came with a creamy delicious dip. however, these are actually more like crispy potato chips rather than french fries so I was a bit disappointed in that aspect.
* Ploughman's Lunch = a sampler platter of bread, salame, goat cheese, gouda cheese (I think?), sausage, and fried something (looked like a mini crab cake). Everything comes completely separate and you can basically assemble it yourself however you want. This dish was light (as light as cheese and sausage can be), tasty, and reminded me of artisan meats and cheeses I had at a winery in Napa valley.
* Meatloaf sandwich = looked really good and supposedly tasted as good as it looked.
* Vegetarian Cuban sandwich = got the thumbs up from my vegetarian coworker and she cleared her plate!
COST = $51 for all of the above + a soda.
Yum yum yum. If I'm ever in town I'll be stopping by again for sure, but earlier in the day to avoid the wait.In short: tasty food, lackluster service, and ridiculous wait time for food. 
This review may have been better if my friends and I didn't go from hungry to hangry while waiting over an hour to get our entrees. 
Considering portion size, this place is a bit overpriced. Service was ok. The servers gave off bad hipster, too cool for school vibes.
Perhaps we caught them on an off night. The menu had a lot of interesting offerings, just too bad they couldn't execute in a timely fashion.Disappointing salads, mediocre entrees, tiny portions. 
I was excited to try a vegetarian restaurant in the city, but as I often tell myself, I should not have high expectation lest I be disappointed. This holds especially true in NOLA.
More memorable than the food was the history of the building! There are property sale documents framed on the wall, explaining that the building had once belonged to french painter Matisse's maternal relatives, a large family of plantation owners in Louisiana.
The food took absurdly long to be served, so we took advantage of the time to do some further impromptu history lesson. Further research via our iPhones revealed that Matisse has spent his developing years as an artist in NOLA! Interesting. 
We ended up ordering at least 6 dishes, not because the food was so stellar and our voracious appetite could not help themselves, but because the portions were so friggin tiny and our stomachs had emptied by the time that the next dish was served. 
Probably will not return anytime soon.It was a bit confusing when I walked up but one of the servers noticed me looking lost and asked if I wanted a table.  There was an open spot outside in the pedestrian alley. Vegetarian and meat dishes get equal footing. There's a long cheese menu. I had the soup of the day, sweet potato bisque. And a pancake filled with vegan curry and topped with kim chi.   The food was good.Every time I go to New Orleans, I stop by Green Goddess. This place does vegetarian and vegan right! A little on the pricey side, but it's worth it. I had a perfectly dressed micro greens salad with a winter melon soup that were both delicious, but I could have made enough for 4 people for what I paid for one order. But hey, I was just visiting and I don't mind paying for the excellent service and ambiance. The outdoor seating is off the street, but I was still entertained by the pedestrians along the path. They have seating with and without umbrellas. I rode a rented bike over and realized they didn't have any bike parking. I sat outside, so it was no big deal. FYI it gets crowded around lunch time.We had the lemon grass tofu and it was so good we had to come back the next day to have it again. The staff is really nice and courteous. The location is  very close to all the action and the ambiance is very romantic especially if you get a table outside at dusk.Pretty much the best meal of my life.  It didn't hurt that we were VERY hungry, and happy to share (for the most part... some things were so good that you just wanted to close your eyes and shut out the world to enjoy them).  We had at least half the things on the menu, so I'll just mention the highlights:
- golden beet "ravioli" (undescribably lovely, perfectly layered flavors)
- Father Pat's grilled cheese (the description on the menu does it no justice, this is like the perfect Irish breakfast, like a hot cheesy cereal)
- pumpkins on parade (quinoa is a rockstar!)
- smoked duck & chestnut pasta (don't talk to me, I'm in my happy place)
- chocolate norwegian french toast (I could almost live on this)
- bacon sundae (bacon! ice cream! salt! caramel!)
I should add that this is not a fussy fancy place -- the Green Goddess is about great-tasting food.  So be prepared to deal with the tight seating arrangements, the chef's opinion on the sequence of courses, less than perfect temperature, etc.  There's no team of waiters bringing endless baskets of bread, adjusting every dish to your every whim.  If you want that, there are plenty of great NOLA places that you'll be happy with.  If you're into food, though -- really, really into food -- then go to the Green Goddess.
I could spend more time writing something, but it still wouldn't do justice to the food.  Go get some now.Truly amazing!  Had the utthappam. Want to come back now every night I'm here! Cozy ambiance and great service.  What a find!Such a savior for a vegetarian in the world of jambalaya and po boys. Highly recommend very flavorful and good food with excellent service. The server was extremely friendly. We took the potatas bravas and rolled uttapam. Highly recommend.Great to see a restaurant like this in the new orleans area. Very good food.  Very good service.What a wonderful surprise! We had dinner last night at Emeril's, which was superb, but this little gem actually surpassed the big gun! We started with the boudin bisque, which had just the right amount of spice and was just scrumptious. I had the brisket on pancakes covered in a hoisin sauce, which melted in my mouth. We shared the coconut sorbet banana split Foster. I'm not a banana fan, but after the bisque and the main I wondered how they would do with a dessert I don't normally order. Well...amazing! Just a wonderful meal.Unexpectedly good - the flavor combos were inventive but worked. The boyfriend's pulled pork sandwich was wonderful; my vegan pancake with coconut sauce and mung beans was unique. Coffee was yuck (but I have high standards coming from Seattle). Service was typical New Orleans - relaxed almost to the point of being too casual but still friendly. Located in a cute area within the chaos of Bourbon St. area.  Worth a try.I have mixed feelings about Green Goddess. I had a duck sausage po-boy which was pretty good but my husband had the Green Goddess Wedge Salad and while it sounds good on paper it was by far the most blah salad I have ever tasted.  It just seemed to lack any major flavors- who knows, maybe that's the point.  We sat inside which is very small and our table was helplessly teetering from side to side and from our spot in the corner we could see how messy the kitchen was.  I would definitely suggest sitting outside if possible- it's on a very cute little side street.This was one of the best vegetarian meals we had in NOLA. The sweet potato biscuits with mushroom gravy are the best we've ever had. All outdoor eating so be prorated to sit in the heat. Although, each table is covered with an umbrella. Looking forward to eating here again!Years ago, while visiting NOLA, I patronized the Green Goddess and sought this place out on my second visit to the Big Easy (this time for Jazz Fest).  The Green Goddess is a haven of delicious, healthy food in a city full of (albeit delicious) heavy, southern fare.  My folks were my dining companions on this visit to the Green Goddess.  Two days later, my mom suggested we go back a few days later because she enjoyed her meal so much.  
This place is unpretentious and thus casual attire is the norm here.  My mom and I each  had the "vegetable platter," which was there special.  I don't remember everything on it, but I remember liking all of the creations.  The kale salad and vegetable baklava were among the most appealing.  The hummus and watermelon gazpacho were good too.  
I had had the "Notorious Bacon Sundae" previously.  We had it this time, and it was good but I don't think I'd order it again and again.  We also had the Chocolate Dutch-French Toast dessert.  Since I have high expectations for Green Goddess, this dessert disappointed me a bit.  It wasn't remarkable but was fun to try.
The outdoor seating is charming, since this place is on an underutilized pedestrian street.
They are closed on Monday and Tuesday, so plan accordingly.  They don't take reservations, and you shouldn't need them.Love this place. The pork belly is a great dish, and their alcoholic drinks have the craziest but great taste to them. I make it a point to go everytime I am in NolaThe food was old. The kitchen staff was more worried about leaving than providing service. Don't try itGreat food with great service, NOLA style (by which I mean, they check in with you but do not hover, and response to requests quickly and graciously). This is the place to go for interesting, delicious food that satisfies without overwhelming your system.
Just reading the menu is a trip: The description of the Golden Beet "Ravioli" includes the disclaimer that no pasta were harmed in the making of this dish. That's because they use thinly sliced beets as the ravioli enclosing the truffled goat cheese filling.
We also had: 
1. the veggie platter with 2 dipping sauces (one a lemony hummus riff/the other a hotter vaguely Indian red sauce), which included purple, green & yellow cauliflower (official Mardi Gras colors) among the assortment;
2. the galette, which was pastry wrapped around rapini greens, blue cheese and caramelized onions;
3. the pulled pork with sweet potato puree (which started sweet and ended with a kick) and collards cooked in adobo (which I didn't notice) and coconut milk (which I am going to try next time I'm making greens).
The food has a lot of complex tastes -- I'm sure there are a lot of "secret" ingredients not mentioned on the menu (like the coconut milk in the greens). Maybe they vary the ingredients depending on what's seasonal and/or what they feel like that day. Whatever it is they are doing, I hope they never stop.
With four in our party, we also split 2 desserts: the pistachio gelato drizzled in honey and topped with a crunchy "bird's nest" and whipped cream -- which was a delicious dessert in itself, but which I liked even better when I added some of the chocolate sauce from our other dessert: a sweet potato biscuit floating in a dark chocolate & pecan sauce. I wish they would bottle that sauce and sell it.
As probably noted a million times in other reviews, they do not take reservations and it's a tiny place so be prepared to wait. It will be worth it.
Or do what we did, get there a half-hour before opening and ask if you can sit outside, reading the menu and drinking something refreshing. I'm sure they will graciously accommodate you as they did us.A must-see in New Orleans! It came recommended to me by a friend who grew up in the area, so it's a serious endorsement.
It's been four months since my husband and I visited NOLA, but we still recall fondly the caramelized heirloom tomato we devoured on our first day there for brunch. Sublime! The kind of vegetarian meal that will satisfy even your biggest carnivores.I had heard about Green Goddess very early on in my New Orleans journey, but I only just made it over to try it out for dinner recently. They had just printed the new menu the day K and I went over for dinner, so alas, no brisket for K (they had a new brisket item, but the previous menu item with chimichurri was no longer).
He ordered the mofongo and I had the shrimp mirliton. Both were delicious but I particularly loved my mirliton dish. The seasonal vegetable was cooked in a casserole with crab boil and topped with perfectly cooked shrimp. I enjoyed every bite of the dish.
We also ordered the Notorious Bacon Sundae which has Nueske's bacon in it. It was the perfect sweet ending to our dinner.The soup was AMAZING! Parsnip, carrot soup, who knew? Rich and hearty and very flavorful. It only has outdoor seating so skip if raining, but if the evening is dry the ambiance is delightfully New Orleans. People passing by along this narrow well lit alley. My entree was a great vegetarian choice-rolled Uttapam. It consisted of a root vegetable curry with a slaw on top. YUMMM. My partner had a mushroom entree. He liked mine more than his, but we both liked his too. My mint Julip was initially way too sweet, they kindly remade it without so much simple syrup. If you find yourself in the quarter and want a vegetarian option, look no further. We'll be going back.I recently had the pleasure of experiencing Green Goddess and it was one of the most wonderful dining experiences I've ever had. Seriously. 
My friends and I went for brunch and the lightning mary was by far the best bloody mary concoction I have ever had. And the french toast that was stuffed with brandied apples and topped with manchengo cheese..... Holy Sh@t. Ridiculous. We did not talk while there was food on the table. We were all speechless. Flavor and texture pairings are so well thought out. So damn good.
If you're looking for a local spot to eat at that is still within the French Quarters, go here. You will not regret it. I would like to go back to Nola JUST to eat here again.I would describe my meal at Green Goddess as a gastronomic adventure! The staff was kind enough to let us move our table outside which was great. Chef Chris was our server who was friendly, very knowledgeable and made great suggestions.  
Just a warning: Go when you have plenty of time to spare; it will be a long dining experience.
For dinner we had:
Chef's Cheese Treasures-Amazing selection served with roasted sunflower seeds and delicious honey.
Wedge Salad- A good light salad with flavorful dressing.
Spooky Blue Corn Crepes- Lovely mushroom sauce but the blue corn gave the crepes a gritty texture.
Golden Beet Ravioli, Louisiana "Bangers & Mash", Beef Seared on Himalayan Salt Bricks- - Small portion size but flavorful and delicious
"Notorious" Bacon Sundae- A-FREAKIN-MAZING!!! Pecan praline ice cream with a creamy bacon caramel sauce--I couldn't think of a better way to end our meal!
They had great selection of beer, wine, and cocktails-- almost to much since it was 3 times the size of the menu  =)
Great experience and I will be back the new time I'm in town!My spouse is a very healthy eater and wanted a nice salad for lunch.  The hotel concierge recommended green goddess and we were both glad we took his recommendation as the restaurant met both our needs.  My bride had the citrus salad with shrimp that was very large and was absolutely terrific with a top notch dressing.  I had a pork belly special with a poached egg, red eyed gravy, grits and french bread toast.  This was possibly the best brunch type item I have ever eaten.  The restaurant only has outside seating which was quite nice as long as the weather cooperates, which it did.  Only reason this doesn't have the 5th star is there is no meaningful inside seating.  Service was very good.  We highly recommend if you are a healthy eater or not so much, like me.  Very nice experience.Seems like all the reviews of this place are either really good or really bad.  My experience was wonderful.  Lovely evening outside with perfect weather and awesome food.  Service was a bit aloof but my girlfriend and I were enjoying ourselves and the ambiance too much to be bothered.  I know not everybody feels the same way but I personally like learning about the dishes, ingredients and wine from the chef as he stops by each table.  We shared the tasting menu which included white bean gazpacho, pork belly lettuce wraps, diced tuna & watermelon and ham wrapped roasted figs.  Only regret was not trying the bacon sundae. 
Will definitely return next time I make it to N.O.Best "hole in the wall" restaurant in the French Quarter. My girlfriend and I started with the Carmelized Heirloom Tomato which was really tasty and depth with flavor. The plating could have looked nicer but still tasted really good and healthy. I got the seafood special which had some crazy awesome food that I can't probably pronounce but it did have shrimp, fish, and green roe eggs. . My girlfriend got the Pork Belly and Red Eye Gravy which was cooked perfectly which became a party in my mouth. 
Must try their cocktails!!!!!!!!!!!!! Luckily for us we sat at the bar and a got few free cocktail samples from leftovers the bartender was making. 
They don't take reservations but put your name down and go walk around the area you lazy mofo's!My partner and I really enjoyed the green goddess. Tucked away, but definitely not worth missing. Cute and quaint interior, and staff were very friendly.  Food was really delicious, especially the mushrooms and gritts. My only negative was the dessert- bacon sundae. Not the best flavor and the waiter didn't even offer us dessert. However Mains were awesomeThe Bottom Line: This cramped hole in the wall is home to tasty, clever cuisine.
Try:
Citrus Salad
Duck Sausage Po-boy
Pro:
It was my first po-boy, so take my review with a grain of salt, but it was very good. The flavors were interesting, and the citrus salad was a nice refresher from the po-boy. The service was simple and friendly.
Con:
Boy was it tight, and navigating the restaurant itself was confusing. Additionally, the layout almost guarantees you'll be bumping into the staff.Yes, this place was amazing.  I was a little skeptical of the pomegranate beet hummus and I don't know why.  It was SO GOOD.  Very unique and delicious for a hot summer night.  I also had a chilled soup (I think it was potato leek).  Normally with chilled soups I just think of gazpacho (which is not my favorite) but this was delicious and perfect to consume during the summer months.  My boyfriend had the rolled uttapam and it was delicious as well.  (I have no other words to describe the food here other than delicious.  Forgive me.)
I also had the pickled vegetables and smoked gouda.  I was hoping for a more unique variety of vegetables (like maybe a butternut squash).  The smoked gouda made up for the vegetables.  It was still good as was the freekeh salad.  
If you are vegetarian or looking for something fresh and somewhat healthy, I definitely recommend this place.  Our server was very attentive and kind.
(FYI, it's only outdoor seating.)Ugh somehow ended up back in Green Goddess when wandering around the quarter...
Ordered a biscuit and vegan gravy dish with the poached eggs option, which was mysteriously absent when the dish was brought out! I notified the waiter, but the eggs were not brought out until the rest of my dish had gone cold. I would expect that after such a long wait that disrupted my meal, the restaurant can at the very least put two eggs, TWO DAMN EGGS, on the house. They did not. In fact, my blll somehow came back mysteriously charged +1 dollars more than my total.
Biscuits were friggin salty. I really dislike their service.Very small restaurants and one of the most memorable of our meals during out big easy visit. Studied the menu before we went and got there when it opened. Service was great, had the sweet potato biscuits and pepper jelly. Wonderful and flakey. I could have had several more. The dish i ordered is not now on the menu but it was grits and tri-tip grillades....  Divine... I ate it slowly just to savor every bite.  I think i would love the truffle grits they are serving now!  We will return someday and we highly recommend it to others.Absolutely amazing. Vegetarian or not. My friend ordered the uttapom and it was to die for.Great hidden gem! This little cafe is great if you want to find something that has different food. The cocktails are unique. The food with a twist. Our group of four had lamb meatloaf sandwiches, beet and goat cheese salad with truffle manchego cheese grits, sweet potato bisquits, and apple stuffed brle French toast. This was not just any French toast ... The bread was like a Cuban style that was stuffed with sauted apples. And on top... A brle ! Really awesome!
A definite repeat place for us. Small place so make sure to get there a little earlier than you want to eat because there may be a wait.This place was super awesome... 
I wanted to Literally try everything here.. After a LOT of thought... Ordered the Indian utthapam and vegetarian Cuban sandwich with starters as 4 ( chefs choice ) cheese and Beet hummus... Yes beet 
Being an Indian, I wasn't expecting the utthapam to be any better than at other Indian restaurants .. in fact I was expecting it to be a bit less good .. Given it wasn't an Indian restaurant to begin with .. Let me tell u I was surprised ... The utthapam was authentic ... Exactly like we get in India... 
The cheeses were to die for ..  The best hummus.. Was good too 
I would recommend this place to anyone.. Esp vegetarians.. I wish i had tried out other ( non veg) dishes but ah well can only eat so much lolDinner at Green Goddess was one of my favorite gustatory experiences in New Orleans. As a vegetarian visiting a city known for its carnivorous fare, I had quickly identified this place as a must-visit. Our group consisted of three vegetarians and one meat eater, and all of us have a preference for eating fresh, local food. Needless to say, we came in with hearty appetites and high expectations. 
Our server did a good job of helping us navigate the menu. Two of us were set to order the Golden Beet Ravioli as an entree, and she suggested that we order a few other plates and share them. She practically insisted that we have the ravioli brought out last. We started with a cheese plate, which featured a bunch of different local cheese. Chef Chris came out and told us about all of them. The bleu cheese was possibly the best I've ever had in my life. We also shared a bruschetta with a some sort of tapenade (not my favorite, due to a strong olive flavor, but my tablemates enjoyed it), the South Indian Savory Ivory Lentil Pancake, and the "Freaky" Tabouleh. My meat-eating husband had the Warm Macque Choux & Louisiana Crawfish and raved about it. At our server's suggestion, we finished the meal with the ravioli. She was absolutely correct; this dish made a fantastic dessert. I am a big fan of beets, goat cheese, and balsamic, so this dish made me very happy. While all the dishes were great, the ravioli really knocked our socks off.
While the food was most excellent, Chef Chris impressed us the most with his multiple visits to our table. One of the beers that we ordered wasn't available, and he came out to apologize personally. He then chatted with us about local brews for a few minutes before returning with our heavenly cheese plate. He obviously cares deeply about his food and about his customers' experience, and his attitude made our evening.Due to a misunderstanding for table reservation, the evening did not start great at the Green Goddess. Nonetheless, I'm giving 5 stars because Chris went out of his way to compensate for the bad beginning and the food is simply amazing. Chris is a good chatter: get him to tell you all about the food origins and the vanishing coasts of Louisiana, it will add up to the whole experience.The Louisiana Strawberry Creme Brule made it into my top three desserts ever and I have been dreaming about the Green Goddess Salad ever since. 
On the other hand, our entrees were just weird. My pasta pillows had a very Asian flare that I did not expect. Some were crunchy, some were soft, and I couldn't identify the veggies involved. My husband's Cocuhon de Leis wearing Hawaiian Sunglasses was very African, and frankly, so salty we complained to the waiter. The collard greens that accompanied the dish were also salty. Neither entree was what we expected. 
We enjoyed the atmosphere, the service, and are willing to go back; maybe we just ordered wrong?It can be tough to find a healthy option for a meal in New Orleans. While on a recent trip my friend and I ate there three times, twice for lunch once for dinner. 
The ambience is not as nice as some of the spots to eat in town but the service was always solid and the food was good. The sweet potato biscuits were awesome and we were disappointed they weren't available for dinner. 
It can be tiresome seeing the same entree on every menu but Green Goddess had something different. Nice choices, fresh and tasty!We tried to get a table for three days. This place is desired by many and indeed totally cool. Nice atmosphere, really friendly and alternative people and a great bar with very special drinks from all over the world. The menu read very exciting and the food was looking great on the plates. We ordered a whole bunch of starters and entrees - but nothing tasted good. This is sadly just the typical case of wanting and doing to much to the food in order to meet with the nouvelle cuisine. Every dish had too many tastes, and you don't have to pour vinegar on everything and than sweeten it to make it taste new and interesting. Less is more!! And then it was far too expensive.This is a place that I keep going back to, bring out of town guests to, and basically have all around happy thoughts about. I have never been let down by the food- nor has anyone else I have dined with here. The Mediterranean Meat loaf is amazing, as is the Pomegranate Beet Humus. The Rolled Uttapam and the Bipimbop are totally impressive and delicious as prepared, and can both be served as vegetarian dishes. The beer list isn't as extensive as the wine list- but it has quality choices that pare well. If you actually have room for dessert- do it! 
On my last recent visit, our waiter actually encouraged my four year olds best behavior by sketching beautiful chalk drawings on the alley every time he came to our table- I mean really, I couldn't have planned a better dining experience.Yelp, I'm afraid you've let me down. I was expecting stellar, and what I got was "meh." My meal (Mofongo de Camarones) was entirely lacking in flavor and creativity. It was very pretty and definitely edible, but in a city I've come to think of as an amazing foodie destination, I have to say that this experience was thoroughly disappointing. Will not be back and do not recommend.What an experience! First, we tried to go for lunch yesteday and the restaurant CLOSED because THREE employees called in sick... thats
the The New Orleans Way I hear.So, we go back for dinner and its was an hour and half wait...UGGH, We offered to share our table and get a fourtop which apparently had a shorter wait. So, we actually only had to wait 15 minutes. We ordered a bottle of wine inside the hotbox restaurant ( we would NEVER sit inside..too hot and stuffy). The outside setting was peaceful  and the weather was gorgeous. Our waiter was like Herman from the munsters. Very slow, didn't know a thing about the menu. Good thing though, he brought out "chef' to explain a few things to us. We saw 'chef' chatting with the patrons most of the evening. The bartneder also came out a few times and explained to us about some Desert wines. VERY cool and helpful.
OK...now the food was GREAT! I ordered TWO of the Purple Haze! The Cheese Plate and Lentil pancake were great. The bangers and mash were Excellent. So, we had great wine, met great staff, great food and we met new friends that we shared our table with!With a name like "Green Goddess," I'd really expect all dishes to be vegan or at least vegetarian - not so, unfortunately.  I only found one truly vegan dinner offering, which was the rolled uttapam - which was delicious, by the way!  Also, they had one vegan dessert, which was the vegan sushi.  It wasn't so much sushi as it was rolls of purple rice in a sweet coconut milk sauce, with a sweet pepper sauce drizzled over it, and topped with a couple of pieces of fishy-tasting seaweed.  The seaweed I could have done *completely* without (sooo nasty!!), but otherwise the dessert was pretty tasty.  There was also at least one salad that could have been made vegan by omitting the cheese, but I hadn't opted for that one.  My only real disappointment with this restaurant is that it didn't really seem to live up to its name, at least, not in the way I'd hoped for.  I really thought there would be so many more vegan choices for me.
I'm still looking for that all-vegan restaurant where I don't even have to ask if a dish is vegan, or if it can be made vegan-style.  I'll let you know if I ever find it.Delicious with wonderful vegetarian options for my veggie friend (they have non-veg options too)!!  
Not touristy and set on a lovely, charming pedestrian side street. The only thing missing was some nice music.
We had to wait for a table and were skeptical about whether it would be worth the wait...and it was!!be prepared to wait for a table but you will be thankful you did.
The food is great the service is great.
The atmosphere being outside in a little ally way is something you cant get in to many places in New OrleansWhen we finally found our way here for lunch on a pleasant day in the French Quarter, the place was swamped. The FQ was was packed to the walls with conference-goers from my own anthropology conference, a computing conference, a gerontology conference, and one other that I'm forgetting. According to the folks at Green Goddess this is par for the course.
Within walking distance of Canal St there just isn't much for a vegetarian to eat. Nothing I get excited about anyway- apart from here. (A girl can only eat so many fried green tomatoes.) They have some delicious sounding cocktails, which can ease the pain of a long wait in an admittedly quaint alley. 
I tried the lentil pancake- and the star of that particular show was the chutney that came with it. I also satisfied my craving for comfort food with some manchego cheese grits, which certainly were rich. I enjoyed both items, but they didn't blow me away.
Was underwhelmed with the tea. I saw "We have a tea sommelier" on the menu and asked if they had pu-ehr. After receiving a blank look I sheepishly asked for oolong. I ended up with a bag of black tea. 
The staff was clearly swamped and were very kind despite that. Much obliged! A pleasant lunch with my husband.I *really* wanted to like this place and had such high hopes - whenever I tell anyone I'm a vegetarian in New Orleans, they have recommended Green Goddess.  Maybe my expectations were too high as a result, but when I finally got around to going, it was a very disappointing experience.  Food and ambiance were definitely lacking (but the service was very friendly, which is why it's getting 2 stars, not 1).
First, for a vegetarian-friendly restaurant, there weren't even that many vegetarian options on the menu (side note - 4 of the 6 pages of the menu were full of wine and cocktail options, not food.  I like wine and cocktails, but I thought this was a restaurant, not a bar?)  Anyway, the food menu - maybe 2 or 3 vegetarian options (total, including appetizers, salads, entrees - which is slightly above average for New Orleans, but kind of a stretch to call that vegetarian-friendly).  In fact, there were so few options that I still had to special order my soup and salad without the accompanying crawfish on top.  When the food actually arrived, it was fine, but nothing special - the other people with me ordered meat/seafood items and confirmed - not terrible, but not anything they would ever want to go back for - so forgettable, I don't even remember what any of us ordered and it was only a few days ago.
Second, the ambiance - there is lovely outdoor seating in an alleyway, but we were seated inside.  Which was the opposite of lovely.  It is about as big as a closet, with maybe 4 tables jammed in along a wall in between the kitchen and door to the outside.  Servers are constantly squeezing by and the kitchen staff is constantly shouting three feet away.  And the temperature was about 105 degrees (and it was only April and not that hot outside yet).  It felt like we were eating in the kitchen.  Actually, it felt like we were eating in the oven in the kitchen.  If there's a wait and they offer to seat you inside, I'd highly recommend waiting for an outside table - you're not that hungry.
Finally, the only redeeming factor - the service was very friendly.  Our waitress checked on us regularly and answered random questions about the menu and wine list intelligently, and the chef (or maybe owner?) stopped by each of the tables inside to see how we were doing and to apologize about the heat (something about the exhaust fan not installed).  Despite the nice service, I won't be coming back - there's other places in the FQ/downtown area where I wouldn't leave hungry (and with heatstroke).Not as many vegetarian options as I was hoping for. Service was crazy slow and they messed up my friend's drink order (which they corrected but she said it still didn't taste right). 3 stars for the delicious food that I eventually got - sweet potato biscuits,  mushroom gravy,  and cheesy grits!After searching New Orleans for places that were even slightly veggie-friendly, we really enjoyed our meal here.  The mushroom pate was very flavorable, the soup of the day was a large bowl and yummy, and the shrimp was a sizable portion with an amazing sauce.I visited here during my trip to New Orleans and the food was grrrrreeeaaaaaat. You may not expect much due to the restaurant's appearance, but don't be fooled by the cover. Go inside, have a seat and eat. I will definitely go back when I Visit again.New Orleans is one of the richest culinary cities in the nation.  It has a long tradition based on its blending of the various cultures into language, art, music and its food.
You can get some of the same dishes in a five star restaurant as a hole-in-the-wall adjacent to a gas station and they can both be their own distinct and wonderful interpretations.
And then there's Green Goddess.
Located in the Exchange Place alleyway, Green Goddess is somewhat of an outlier - I came across reviews while doing my usual food planning for trips, and knowing we had a vegetarian in our group, I wanted to have a good option for her sake that was an alternative to the (delicious and awesome) usual fried-or-buttered veggie sides.  Going to their website, it looked almost like something you'd expect in San Francisco, Portland or even Ithaca, in an unpretentious way, so I put it on my list of suggested places to hit.  We were all ever-so-glad we did!
This isn't going to be a long list of what we ate, because we ate so much, drank so much, and loved every single thing.
The space was small and doesn't take reservations, so go expecting a wait.  If you're patient and ask to order drinks while waiting, they'll accommodate you as long as you are polite, since the bar is cramped and the staff all seem to wear many hats.  And oh, the drinks - they had a good selection of wine, but the cocktails were varied and specialized, and unlike many fine places which try to invent new drinks or new interpretations of familiar ones, these were taste-perfect.  A "Real Tequila Sunrise" made with cassis juice.  Multiple organic yellow tomato moonshine Bloody Marys.  Mezcal and sangrita.  Man, we were in a great mood by the time our table came up.
The food was phenomenal - and there wasn't anything less than "great" on any plate.  We had a nice buzz going, just the right level which made us jovial and willing to try a variety of menu options.  There were local and organic ingredients, but no overblown focus on this as a trend, just the right use in the right dish, and included nods and bows to local Creole and Cajun influence while still being unique to Green Goddess.
The service was friendly and efficient, if seeming pretty pressured at times, but the small space, many customers and high energy were all a part of it, and it was never unpleasant or uncomfortable for we customers.
It's somewhat expensive - it's not something we could do for every meal, but it's not a once-in-a-lifetime price either.  But it's definitely some place we'll go whenever we come to New Orleans, even in the midst of wanting to try new and/or established traditional places...it's simply that good.  I'm telling anyone I know who visits NOLA...go there.  If you want the one place to try, try this one.When you walk up to this place for the first time, you may be a little confused. With a heavy hipster vibe and a splash of southern comfort, you are not sure how to make it out. Will the food be good? How about the service? This place was amazing. That grilled cheese is holy shit awesome. The mushroom bread pudding holy crap. Sooo good. I wish I could try everything on the menu! We had to come back for more- the red pepper and walnut dip with fresh vegetables-heavenly. The service is nice, quick and very friendly. Whether you sit indoors or outside, you will not be disappointed. Whether you are a New Orleans Local or in New Orleans for a very short time- be sure you do not miss out on the best cuisine in the French Quarter!
This is just the food- they also have a large list of wines, cocktails and cheeses that just sound amazing.Really great service. The relaxed setting is off of the beaten path and allows casual conversation without screaming over a noisy crowd. Be prepared to eat outside-- of course, if that's not an issue for you, I think you find this hidden gem worth it. Try the sweet potatoe biscuits for sure.Really wanted to love this place based on reviews. Got the burata beet kale salad with shrimp. It was mainly mixed greens with little flavor. Needed some kick or more dressing. It was a generous portion though.This is an amazing Vegetarian restaurant with Vegan options!  In a city known for its meat and seafood, it is nice to know you can get an excellent plant based meal served at a sidewalk bistro.  I had the blueberry strawberry salad  with goat cheese and it was divine.  There are meat options here too, my husband had the cuban luau sandwich which was made perfectly.  We will be back!Stopped in here for lunch with some girlfriends and was not so impressed. We had a group of 6 and they said our party was too large to sit inside. Their outside area was pretty but it was a cold day and we were all a little uncomfortable.
The vegetarians in the group loved it because they had so many options. The meat eaters (like me) had a hard time finding good options. I ended up with the biscuits and mushroom gravy with grits. All was good but not outstanding. The biscuits were a little dry. The gravy looked terrible but, fortunately, it was good. 
We were all a little surprised when one person asked to add chicken to her salad and we were told they didn't have chicken. The only meat options I saw were lamb, duck and shrimp.  
I'd maybe try Green Goddess again on a warmer day when I'm looking for something light.Great local food served with soul.  This food will give your internal organs a break between the beignets.Cute spot for vegetarians and omnivores alike. I got the poppy cocktail and it was great - just the right amount of bitter. The chimichurri mushroom dish was great but the real star was their horseradish spread. The wait was a little long even on a late weekday evening, so come early. The interior is pretty small so our party of nine was seated outside but it was still pleasant. We weren't able to split checks but they let us charge multiple cards.Finally made it to Exchange Place, a small street tucked away truly represents what this city is all about. European looking al the way with outside seating. 
We sat outside and felt like we were all alone. And our dog was with us. 
Another amazing spot in the crescent city.Absolutely amazing!!! I had a watermelon sangria, which was so refreshing, and started off with sweet potato biscuits! The main entrees are just as fabulous!Small place. Good prices for the area. Fresh food that is light and healthy. Good cocktails. The waiter we had was super friendly and kept making jokes that had us cracking up.We had a spectacular meal at Green Goddess. I think appropriate expectations are the key to having an enjoyable time here. The inside is tiny - maybe 12 seats total, plus they have four or so outside tables. It's hot inside the restaurant, which shares its dining room with the bar and kitchen. Also, they ran out of wine glasses, so this isn't the kind of place that is going to replace your silverware after every course. And all of this is okay with me, because their food is hands down amazing. I just think it helps to understand (a) there's going to be a wait and they may not be able to tell you precisely how long (there were some ridiculous campers taking up three of the outside tables. They stayed for an hour after they finished. This bad etiquette is the subject of a rant for another day.), (b) it will likely be hot as Hades, and (c) it will likely be cramped. Just brush it off and enjoy the good chow, and you'll be fine. That said, they were slammed - people were waiting in just about every nook and cranny of that ally. I asked one of the waiters how it was going and he said, "We're going to need a bigger boat." +1 for the Jaws reference!
We had the tasting menu. This was a lot of food, but everything was so good we kept stuffing our faces. The first course was roasted eggplant and white anchovy bruschetta. Now, I thought I hated anchovies (expect the paste, which is fine in dressing, etc.). Boy, was I wrong! The tiny fish were briny and flavorful. The dish was wonderful. Course two was probably my favorite: shrimp tails, escargot and tasso grits (or snails, tails, and tasso, as they call it). I am a huge escargot fan but my husband detests them. He loved them in this dish. They were steaky and smoky flavored, beautifully accompanied by shrimp tails and rich, creamy grits.
Course three was a white andalusian goat cheese salad. By course four, the tasty gulf fish meuniere, we were chanting, "Man versus food, man versus food!" Everything was delicious; it was just generous, New Orleans sized portions. That was part of our problem. We couldn't stop eating, even when we should. We ordered an extra course, because who could resist foie gras-stuffed medjool dates? Certainly not us! They were so creamy and delectable. By dessert, a (mercifully) light strawberries and ice cream terrine, they took pity on us and only brought us one. It was the perfect counterpoint to the previous heavy courses.
Chef Chris came out several times to check on us. He was a delight, and clearly relished diners who appreciated what he was doing. I told him how many good things I'd heard about the restaurant and how excited we were to be there. They are doing some amazing things in that tiny restaurant. It is more than worth the minor challenges.
Another note: the tasting menu was $55, an incredibly reasonable price for the volume and quality (I'm thinking maybe lower overhead helps the prices? Although I can't imagine it's all that low, being in the French Quarter). You'd have to pay at least double that to eat a meal of that caliber in virtually any other city I can think of. The reasonable bill made us glad we didn't split the menu, even though it was a lot of food. They also boxed up the fish for us so we could put it in our hotel fridge and snack later, so it isn't like it went to waste. Green Goddess is now on my standing New Orleans go-to restaurant list.This place is like a circus for food! Everything was really good and unexpected. I felt like I was at a restaurant birthed from a Tim Burton sideshow. I appreciated the balanced menu of unique vegetarian and meat dishes. I liked the staff. I didn't like all of my food... but I enjoyed the experience of everything nonetheless. If I lived in New Orleans I would go by all the time.I'm not a fan of this place. We came here for lunch and there was a ten-minute wait, so we asked if they could take down our name. The young woman at the entrance was rude and had an attitude when we asked to look at the menu. Once we were seated (the wait wasn't long), the server was neither friendly nor helpful. It was hot outside and he didn't even bother to offer us water. We had to flag him down to ask for water and to actually take our order. They had run (it was the early afternoon) out of biscuits so we ended up with the cuban luau and the tofu poboy. Both of these items were underwhelming. It's such a shame because I was really excited to bring my boyfriend here. If you care about service, don't bother making a trip here.Where to start? The atmosphere- amazing. The menu- so diverse. There are so many different options for so many different tastes and diets. I can honestly say that every single thing we got was delicious. Must try the mushroom pate. Vegetarian and gluten-free dream whilst still being incredibly satisfying for carnivores.Will start by saying that the food was good! I started with the patatas bravos which was a really nice sharing portion and tasted really great. The potatoes were slightly seared, and the sauces were nice but not overwhelming. My boyfriend started with a chilled watermelon gazpacho (it was the soup of the day). He said that it was nice, nothing overwhelming. 
I had a lemongrass tofu po boy for my main. It was lovely! Came with a yummy Asian style slaw and a really nice sauce on the bann mi style sandwich. I also got the arugula salad, which came with a light olive oil/citrus dressing. It was nothing to really write home about, but the lettuce was fresh. My boyfriend got the Cuban luau (meat) for his main. He said it was nice, but happened to be a bit heavier than he wanted at that particular time. I tasted it- very meaty and cheesy and not my sort of dish, but would probably be really satisfying for some. 
The service was great. The one true issue was that all the tables are outside, with no umbrellas or anything for shade, so were sat in the sun for an hour whilst eating. It was quite a hot day, and I was super sweaty towards the end of the meal. Other than that, really nice place.Good variety of vegan and gluten free options. They also have a handful of dishes that include meat. 
Winter salad came with a think goat cheese dressing which complemented the salad without overpowering it.
The crusted Lemon grass tofu was the star of the meal! Crispy flavorful crust on the tofu and the Asian slaw is the perfect accompaniment.Really different cuisine for the French Quarter, what a blessin.  I had a Wild Mushroom Bread Pudding for dinner, what what whaaat? ohhh yeah, as if eating in New Orleans isn't already indulgent enough, let's have bread pudding for dinner.  The appetizer of a romaine wedge salad and an Indian spiced lentil pancake were a nice start... I got some cocktail with moonshine in it, when in the South....
and then I had a sundae with praline icecream, caramel and bacon on it. so good, BUT! the bacon was a bit much. It would have been so much better if it was chopped up and and were crunchy bits of bacon; instead they were chewy 1 inch skinny strips of bacon that you could just chew and chew.  ewww. 
i ended up pulling most of the bacon out.
They don't take reservations, you gotta show up to get your name on the list. Definitely worth it if you don't mind eating outside in a cute little alley off the beaten path.A magical experience.  Service impeccable... knowledgeable, insightful and fun. Sets the standard for roots authenticity.We had so much expectations about this place but we were disappointed.We ordered potato bravas, uttappam and other vegetarian dishes names that I don't remember. It was over hyped and honestly we have had much better food in the town! Lower your expectations when you come to this place. Seating was beautiful outside and I wish food was good as well!Service was okay. Waited an awful long time for salads but the servers were nice. One server especially, young guy with beard and light hair was helpful and often came to check on our wait. Definitely got 5 stars for the food and dessert! Bacon Sundae. It's absolutely perfection in a dish!!I recently relocated from Brooklyn where I lived for almost five years and have been pretty let down by the mid to upper price range restaurants in the "Nationally or "World" renowned" kitchens of New Orleans. I'm so used to places like Diner, Sweetwater Cafe, and some of the somewhat pretentious but very well done and accessibly priced establishments of Brooklyn and NYC. The balance of natural (albeit organic); local and simple, non-pre-prepared ingredients was so crucial to their plates; something so simple as sauted beet greens in local hickory smoked bacon and red pepper flakes is actually that much better when the greens are freshly cut from the beet. 
Or when the cream used to make fresh butter is shipped that day from upstate New York but the food that was prepared with it doesn't cost an arm and a leg; it makes me feel like there is a possibility that good food is actually accessible to people that aren't necessarily wearing a pinstriped oxford button-up and a blue blazer. Not that there is anything wrong with oxfords, nautically themed ties and polished loafers, but... 
In any case, I walked by on my way home from work to see if this little joint was open, and it surprisingly was. They had a pre-fixe (tasting) for $30, a good portion ($20) of which was being donated to the recent natural disaster in Haiti. 
The experience was great, especially for what was to be a $10 value. I love small spots like this, the staff was cordial, attentive and informative. The decor was modest - which is essential in my opinion. 
This pre fixe tasting experience was much like the actual procession from Bienville St. to the seat; you walk off of a well beaten tourist path to an alleyway that looks like it should be packed with youthful pedestrians smoking ciggs in cafe chairs under umbrellas and listening to Moonage Daydream, et al till the wee hours; then through low, potted foliage and modest but invitingly lit open doors to be greeted, seated and served with intelligence and without over-preciousness or pretentiousness.  
Highlights for me were the aromatics of the Kanzuri paste in the Niigata Bruschetta, the Kohlrabi Gratin and a normally too-sweet-for-me sherry (which I wish I could remember the name of) with an amazing walnut nose that lingered for minutes. 
All in all, I would recommend highly. It looks like it might be the best priced, simple and well orchestrated food experience in New Orleans yet. The only thing that makes me want to give anything less than five stars is that I feel that its a bit on the pricy side even compared to similar quality food in New York City or Brooklyn. I'm aware that I haven't even had anything off the daily menu yet, but I'm pretty sure I may see where this pre fixe might lead me after seeing the pricing on the menu and having had a taste. I'm not saying it's not worth it, because it really is, I'm just saying that this is the kind of simple, well crafted food that should be accessible to everyone and more often in everyone's lives. Its a great experience to know exactly what your'e eating and how it was prepared, weather your'e an exhausted, low income, but well informed 20 to 30 something or, whatever...  See you soon Green Goddess!Vegan and carnivores dine together at this delic and laid back resto!  My favorite is the  vegan freekah salad.  Also love the charming  FQ alley ambiance.Beautiful day with tables and chairs on the sidewalk/pavement, what more could one ask for, South Indian Uttapam for two. I have already recommended this to two of my friends who live locally.Amazing!  These Colorado hippies felt right at home. :)  lemongrass tofu sandwich and french toast were perfect - best food all trip so far.  Highly recommend!Being a vegan visiting NOLA is very difficult. Finding this place was a dream come true. I had the vegan Cuban luau and the lightn' Mary. Truly amazing. I brought my omnivore friends as well and there was plenty for them to eat as well. Thank you for being there Green Goddess.Incredible. Decisions decisions .....pork sugar cane lollipops. Sweet.tender al fresca dining in an allley! Best value i have found for original dining in the quarter so far.  Fantastic. Crab isalino. Chef is awesome and certainly not stuck in conventional food practices. I kind of wanted the dish to be warm or cold but it was both. Weird yes good very. Got it mostly to try the wasabi caviar. Crab was good. Rice is well. Rice. In a chicken broth. Hmmm.  Desert or cheese. Cheese! Tried the 3 for 15 what the hell. Another glass of wine another hour...new orleans slow.I don't travel to NOLA often, but when I do .. I always stop here! This is one of the best restaurants around. Very unique vibe, and even better food. This is one of those places where you leave feeling great! It's reasonably priced, and very delicious. And you don't end up with a gut bomb like often can happen with restaurants in the south. The eggplant was phenomenal. Try something you wouldn't normally eat, you won't regret it!I was really excited to go here based upon the other Yelp reviews, but I was disappointed. The overwhelming amount of 5-star reviews had my sights set high, but my expectations were not met.
My cocktail (the ginger kid) was extremely watered down. My friend's drink was also very watery, i'm not sure if there was even a shot of booze in either drink.
The food was just mediocre. Definitely good prices for the french quarter, but I would rather pay up a few bucks and have a meal that leaves an impression.
One of my biggest complaints is that they don't start dinner until 6. I went on a Saturday and got there shortly after 530 and had to just wait at a table until 6 to order my food. 
Also, no A/C inside, so you have to sit outside which is not fun during the summer months.Awful, awful, awful. I sometimes feel as though being a vegan is an annoyance; to waiters and cooks, to my sweet husband who endures me dragging him to hippy restaurants across the country. But this cave is supposedly vegan friendly, hence our visit. 
I will say that their beet hummus was very good, and the waiter really did try..
But the bread was so hard that it broke my husband's permanent retainer. WHAT?! First bite, and the metal wire that's been in his mouth for ten years, breaks off and cuts his mouth. Okay..
Then, the waiter brings my "vegan salad", which has cheese and bacon on it. That's fine, it actually happens a lot. The salad was called "green goddess", and was supposed to come with a green goddess dressing (either the delicious Annie's, or their own, I'm not sure), but appears as a bed of iceberg lettuce with some cucumbers and a spoonful of oil. 
My husband ordered the drumfish special and said it tasted mediocre.
And our bill was EIGHTY DOLLARS. For a salad I didn't eat, soup that was overspiced, fish that was "meh", and some bitter cider? 
Never again. Sorry, but it gives goddesses a bad name.Why is this place getting good reviews?  I am in NO several times a year and enjoy finding new restaurants.  I'm vegan and was excited to try Green Goddess because it had several recommendations from the vege/vegan community.  Despite the restaurant being busy, my boyfriend and I got a table outside right away.  My omnivore boyfriend is always a little reluctant when I take him somewhere that is billed as vegan friendly because he's worried he won't find something he likes; however, he expressed his delight at the menu, pork belly in particular.
Our waitress arrived at the table after approx. 6 minutes.  She dropped off two waters and announced that she was going to go "visit with" another table and would be back after giving us some more time.  She wandered off to refill two other tables' water glasses and bring a third table a round of wine.  Still we sat not even having given a drink order.  After 5 minutes, she returned and asked if we needed MORE time.
We ordered a Covington strawberry (Covington's almost perfect answer to the limited Abita strawberry ale) and a glass of rose.  She returned with his beer in a bottle with no option of glass and my empty wine glass.  Another minute and she returned with a carafe of rose which she poured from a height that splashed rose on my arms.  After pouring the rose, she placed the empty carafe on the table and walked off.  Maybe it was her first serving job -- an unavoidable but difficult to accept reality in a city renowned for its service and dining experiences -- but the inefficiencies and inattention to detail were astounding.
I'll move on to the food.  We ordered the muhammara, a dip of blended red peppers, walnuts, and pomegranate molasses -- as an appetizer.  It was completely unremarkable.  Vegans -- you know those occasions when you don't have the time to devote to preparing something great so you just grab the hummus and a handful of veggies our of your 'fridge to tide yourself over?  That's the muhammara, for $11.
We ordered the tumblin' dice cubed watermelon and tuna and savory lentil pancake for dinner.  The watermelon was flavorful but seared tuna way overcooked.  The portion was what one would expect for tapas style dining but it was $15.  The lentil pancake was abhorrent.  The only flavor in the dish came from what was supposed to be chutney, though it did not resemble any chutney with which I am familiar.  It had a burned licorice flavor that I just couldn't get past.  I took two bites before passing it off to my boyfriend who took two bites and threw in the towel.
The check was quick to come, wet.  We paid quickly and received our credit slip back, wet.  We packed it up and headed down Decatur in search of something that more resembled service with a smile and an edible dish.
I can't understand why this place gets as many good reviews as it does.  The staff seems on the neurotic side.  The price to quantity and quality ratio is off.  In a city with such amazing dining available, how is this restaurant still around?The best thing about this restaurant may very well be its setting. You're basically eating outside in a charming alley, off the pedestrian paths of the French Quarter, which creates an ambiance that invokes dining in Europe. Save for a single large picnic type table inside, there really isn't much of an option for indoor dining here. Which is fine, because the inside area of the restaurant is more an extension of the kitchen so there's no reason you'd want to be in there anyway.
The (dinner) menu here is six pages. One page for entrees, one page for desserts, and four pages for drinks. It's really kind of amusing. For a place named Green Goddess, I expected more by way of salads or dishes with fruits and vegetables, but the dishes here seem to be a selection of updated takes on various dishes/flavors from around the world. 
I had the bangers and mash, the English dish updated with New Orleans flare. The bangers were made with three types of sausage (one of them being duck sausage) and the mash was made with sweet potatoes. It was really good, although perhaps a bit overly sweet. 
I would certainly come back here for food, if not for the ambiance. 
Some things to note though: there's no house bread or anything like that so don't expect it. And if at all possible, be sure to go to the bathroom before dining here, as the bathroom here isn't really part of the restaurant, but rather for the adjacent office space. It's a single tiny room, the type where you can't even open the door all the way because it will bump into the toilet and so you have to squeeze your way in.New favorite restaurant. Sweet potato biscuits with honey butter and red pepper jelly.....Hot coffee with sweetened condensed milk....Very cool staff.....Amazing warm gourmet soup on a cold day.....Yes, yes, yes.Courtyard dining with handcrafted cocktails and creative dishes. I had the tofu po boy and it was a welcome change of pace from the local deep fried delicacies. Excellent service as well. Highly recommend if you want something a little out of the ordinary.I went for the ice cream and it was worth the wait (which I heard could be up to 2 hours). I had the "praline bacon ice cream," which is now my favorite ice cream ever!
The first evening I went for this treat I was instead tempted with their trio special: 1. Mexican hot chocolate with pepper, 2. Absinthe ice cream with candied orange peel and truffles and 3. Summer fig ice cream. These all had wonderful flavors, but I was glad I went back for the Praline bacon sundae.
The wait staff were patient and really good as I saw interactions with some pretty demanding patrons. My only complaint is that it is a bit pricy. I think realistically the price range is $$$.Awesome place burrowed away off bourbon. 4 stars bc it takes a while to eat but worth the wait. Food was fresh and delicious. Also near a copper light fabrication shop so the smell of molten copper if the wind is right can be irritating if your table is right there. Very friendly staff. I recccomend!!New Orleans dining for health conscious (or not) foodies! Amaze balls. Love this place ;) I literally just drank a beet juice and mezcal cocktail.... Then ate a tofu poboy. This place has absolutely perfected their vegan dishes and cocktails!
Ps. My dad LOVED his duck poboy.Very nice, staff very nice, food superb,  local ambiance rounded out the experience five starsYum, yum, yum!!! I had dinner here last week with a group of friends that included vegetarians, meat eaters, serious foodies and a 13 year old. Everyone got their needs met and it was delicious. The wait staff was great. Our waiter was knowledgeable and just the right amount of chatty without being intrusive. The only problem with this place is that it is tiny. There's only one bathroom and there are three tables within a few feet of the bathroom door. I was glad not to be seated at one of those tables.Great breakfast!  Delicious!  we tried the Duck Sausage PoBoy and Bananas Foster Waffles and they were fantastic.  Great wait staff, location was perfect, and many choices on the menu.  Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices on the menu.  Prices were good as well.  We will be back to Green Goddess!Nice hole in the wall for vegetarian food. Wife got chimmichanga and I just got the banana fosters ice cream last night as I wanted dessert badly. Staff is very nice . Small area inside and larger outside patio to sit. Price is on higher side so they lose a star.The price to food ratio was fair for this kind of food in my opinion. The service was OK but the size of the establishment/tables is very cramped - get used to bumping legs across the table! The truffle grits were great but I'd advise more gravy on the Biscuits/Mushroom gravy. I personally got the Vegi Cuban Luau which I liked quite a bit. The actual taste of the pineapples, aioli and creole mustard fit the dish well.After walking through Bourbon Street and passing burger and pizza places, I was in the mood for something more "foodie" or at least different than my local cuisine. I made a wrong turn and was happy to stumble upon this place. I had the pork belly in a red eye gravy with truffle cheese grits, collard greens, and sweet potato biscuits! Everything was cooked to perfection and service was attentive. 
Very reasonable prices and the outdoor seating was a peaceful escape from the partying of Bourbon Street and the surrounding area.- Do you enjoy trying completely new & off-the-wall culinary creations?
- Do you like dining in small/quaint atmospheres?
- Do you like to drink?
- Do you consider yourself a foodie who loves to learn more about food?
If you answered hell yeah to all of these questions, then why the heck aren't you at the Green Goddess???
This place was fantastic!!  It reminded me of the little restaurants I ate at in Europe, where there are only 10 tables and the waiter is the cook is the owner.  The menu is filled with absolutely nothing that anyone would consider a dish within their comfort zone.  Everything is a delicious combination of flavors that both intrigue you and make you say..."hmmm...yeah, I could see that being awesome".  We started with some of their signature cocktail concoctions, although I cannot recall the name, both were quite delicious.
The cheese plate was brought out by the owner who gave us a crash course in queso....one of which was referred to as "sexy cheese".  And it was damn sexy!!  When the entrees were presented, he once again gave a description and background on my fried green tomatoes and corn relish even going into the detail of how the decorative sauces were made and how I should savor them.  The man-friend enjoyed a louisiana bangers and mash....definitely man food and definitely tasty!  
For dessert...(I'm getting excited just thinking about it again)...we had the heavenly sweet potato biscuit topped with homemade chocolate-hazelnut sauce.  It was so rich and perfectly prepared, that we were both speechless until a little after it was actually gone.  
The brunch menu looks worthy of a Sunday afternoon drop-in, the waitstaff was impeccable, and the experience was unforgettable.  All hail the Green Goddess!!I ordered the crab panini, as it was the special of the day. It wasn't overwhelmingly fantastic, but was flavorful and I enjoyed it. 
The waiter was polite and friendly, and responsive to our needs. 
The place was really cute. Since there was a 45 min wait to sit in the alley side seating, we opted to sit in the inside part, which was ok. The restroom is located too close to the seating area, but other than that, it was a tiny covered courtyard type of place, which we looked. 
Overall, I recommend trying this placeAmazing food! Who knew beet hummus would taste so good! A lot of great options for vegetarians and meat eaters a like! I've already been here twice on a single trip to New Orleans.Great eclectic fare. Came for lunch and the vegetarian Cuban sandwich with collard greens was real good.  The lentil pancake was also good, but wish we skipped the shrimp/coconut add-on (blah). There is very little indoor seating (mostly outside in an alley).  A better choice for take out than dining in.Loved this place! Creative, delicious food. Vegetarian-friendly. 
I loved the watermelon salad. The Indian dish (korma?) was fantastic too. Within walking distance from many hotels downtown.Oooooooooookay. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Green Goddess. I love that they are so vegetarian friendly, and that they have a crazy awesome menu that is full of really interesting dishes. However, the price you pay for the portion size isn't the best. 
My boyfriend took me to GG for my Birthday dinner, and it was FABULOUS because he was treating me, and we weren't paying attention to the dollar signs. 
We went again last week, and decided we wanted a substantial meal, but that we didn't want to pay $75. So, we got an appetizer and left. 
Lastly, they chill the red wine? I'm no connoisseur, but I'd prefer my vino room temp. 
Go here for a fancy date, but don't go here for a regular meal.