A reasonable dinner (our first night out in NOLA). Between the four of us, we shared a number of appetizers and mains. Be aware that the appetizers are fairly small. The compressed watermelon with pork belly was probably the best dish - flavorful, interesting and just enough for each of us to have about 2 bites. We also ordered the fried green tomatoes and shrimp as an appetizer which was decent. The pork chop main had delicious vinegary collard greens that we loved. The fish court bouillon was visually impressive and generously sized, if a bit bland. In additional although the stuffed crab was very flavorful - be aware its very small for the price as a main (we heard another diner who had ordered it  complaining "I just paid $30 for dinner and I'm still hungry!")I've been twice now and everything I've tried was perfect. In fact, the chicken and dumplings are beyond perfect. (As my husband said, there's no way you could make them better.) The shrimp and grits were to die for, too. The service was impeccable, the atmosphere was lovely, and the chef-owner was friendly and gracious. I'm so happy this place is in the neighborhood. We needed it!Had dinner here while visiting from out of town, and I think it was the best meal I've had in New Orleans!  Both of our dishes were out of this world, at the banana bread dessert was fantastic.
My colleague and I were seated at the table facing the kitchen, which was just plain cool to watch.  Never seen a commercial kitchen run and it was great.  Takes alot of guts to seat your guests directly in front of your kitchen, and we loved it!
Had a chance to chat with the chef/owner Eric Cook.  Super nice guy and very gracious.  Will definitely come back if I'm in New Orleans again.  Great job Gris Gris crew!Everything we tried was awesome!  Friendly and attentive service.  Fun atmosphere. We enjoyed sitting at counter and watching the chefs work.The menu is pretty small and the seating is a little odd. Food is decent but nothing to be too excited about.We went in today because it was Restaurant Week and wanted to eat the special menu.  It was not posted and when we told the waiter that we were there for that purpose he seemed a little disappointed.  I had read rave reviews about the Chicken and Dumplings and because it was on the special menu that is what I ordered.  First I had the house salad which was very good - wonderful mustard vinaigrette dressing.  The Chicken and Dumplings were very good - the dumplings were the best I have ever had.  Now the qualifier is that there just was not enough of them.  This may have been a Restaurant Week-sized portion which does happen with some of these special menus.  When we finished - and I ate the bread that came with it - I was not full.  I wasn't starving, but I was not full.  For a woman it was enough, but I would think a man would find it skimpy.  I will probably go back - the dumplings were that good - and see if the normal portion is any bigger.  There were some other things on the menu that caught my eye as well.  Worth another trip for sure.Went there for dinner last Sunday, best burger I've ever had, hubby got the duck and my son in law ordered the pork chops which was great also. Our server was friendly, we ate upstairs and it was very nice but only complaint was the lady with blue hair, a manager? She didn't crack a smile all night although I smiled at her as I took my grand daughter outside on the balcony to walk around, other then that everything was five stars, will be back when our visitors will be arriving in January.Needed some gizzards and duck!  A bit of a walk from the trolly but great service, excellent food.  Scrumptious bread pudding. Choose your ambiance as there are 3 areas to eat -- watch the kitchen, upstairs bar and balcony.  Didn't have the duck as there was a miscommunication and waiter said they were sold out when they weren't; however, we met the owner on the way out and he offered to give us free duck the next night. Will try to get back soon.What a hidden gem! Excellent service, delicious food and cocktails, perfect price point. Well done!Drove 2 hrs. with my family back to my hometown to check this place out after hearing about it from friends. The food here is a kicked up version of the food I grew up with.  IMO, A good NOLA restaurant is one with a quality of its roast beef poboy...and theirs is fantastic. My 12-year old (who is a VERY picky eater) liked it so much that she downed it in about 5 minutes and wanted to order another one! I'm not a big fan of fried oysters, but the Oyster BLT was amazing; they literally melt in your mouth, and the flavor of the pork belly was phenomenal. Mom's Chicken and Dumplings was spot on and really did tastd like home.  The Shrimp N' Gris-Gris Grits were excellent as well, with the grits the perfect consistency to complement the shrimp and the "gris-gris" itself. The King Emmett is a great spinoff of on an Old Fashioned, and dessert (Chocolate Cheesecake and Key Lime Pie) capped off a fantastic meal. 
What really makes this place unique, though, is the dining experience.  There aren't many places where you get to talk to the chef and his crew while they're cooking and watch the magic unfold.  The atmosphere is cozy, with a great vibe.  The service was equally up to the food standards as well!   Can't wait to come back for dinner. Overall an outstanding experience that I would highly recommend.We stumbled on this place and fell in love with it. Eric Cook the owner has something special here. The food is NOLA Home cooking with an upgrade. My wife had the shrimp and grits. His is different and better than any we have had. I had the gumbo which was spicy and great. Then I followed with Mama's chicken and dumplings. They were as advertised. For dessert we had chocolate cheesecake.  Highly recommend this new restaurant. Prices were not bad, especially for NOLA.They happily accommodated our party of eight on the upstairs patio. I ordered the Voodoo Queen drink and excellent shrimp & fried green tomato appetizer and stole samples of everyone else's dishes. Everything was fantastic! I can't imagine a lovelier way to spend part of a late afternoon.Loved this place! I've wanted to go for a while and the stars finally aligned yesterday! Got great seats around the open kitchen. I love to cook and love to watch the workings of a restaurant kitchen. And this is a great kitchen to watch. It is spotless and runs like clockwork! The ingredients are beautiful. The chef was prepping swordfish that looked incredible. I went to try the gumbo and chicken and dumplings. Both did not disappoint. The chicken and dumplings were seriously some of the best I've ever had. The gumbo was excellent. Had a chance to talk to Chef Eric. That was a special treat. He is very passionate about what is coming out of his kitchen and it comes through all around. Only suggestion would be a complete booze list to see what other spirits are offered in addition to what is on the cocktail menu. Loved Gris Gris and will definitely be back!!I don't even know where to start . I've had almost everything on the menu and I haven't found anything I don't like . I think they have The Best gumbo in the city ! I know that's a bold stay but it's the truth , it's packed full of chicken and sausage. The chicken and gizzards are so tender and amazing , I get them almost every time I come . This place gives me a feeling like my grandmother is back there cooking all the amazing dishes they have . Don't forget to try the butter pecan pie for desert .Hot damn
This place is explosive, i ordered shrimp, the gizzards and fish .
I came back the next day and boom!
Ask the waiter what the specials are, they are pro'sFabulous food. Never fails to deliver. We split the roast beef po boy and the oyster po boy. Both spot on. If you have never been , you are missing out. Rock on, Eric Cook!!We sat at the chefs counter for the best view in the house. cracklings and cheese, Fried green tomatoes + shrimp apps were amazing as were the shrimp and grits and chicken and dumplings.  The sticky bread pudding and the cheesecake were gone in a second.  Best of all the owner/chef came by and talked us through the menu.  Would absolutely go back.New Orleans has a lot of options. Gris Gris is  trying hard to compete. The food is good (not great) in comparison with other similar restaurants (think a more creative and upscale, but less friendly/less local Joey K's). The drinks are far above level of Joey K's--in fact, I'd say they're the best for a mile around. 
Great outdoor seating, too, although Gris Gris places "reserved" signs on tables that aren't reserved in order to save those spaces for walk-ins who seem like they might spend a lot. For neighbors looking for a drink and a bite, expect to sit inside at the over-air-conditioned bar while the wait staff lets all the nice outdoor balcony tables sit empty, waiting for wandering AirBnB-ers to stumble in. 
In short, If you're a tourist looking for a chill but classy dinner spot in a local-feeling neighborhood: Gris Gris is for you. But Gris Gris could do a lot to cultivate more return business from locals. I've been there 5 times, and I walk past at least twice a day on errands and on the way to the gym, etc. Every time I've walked in the door everyone in the space assumes I'm a first time visitor. The vibe reeks of gimmicks and up-sales. Red beans and rice are supposedly "lagniappe" on Mondays, but only if you ask for them, or if you're a party of six from Minnesota ordering lots of drinks. Don't say you have "lagniappe" if you're not going to offer it to neighbors and return customers who are thinking about making Monday nights at Gris Gris a regular thing. 
Likewise, Happy hour is sometimes mentioned but not always. If you're a group of young tourists I bet you get the happy hour list awful quick. Look, Gris Gris, it's not about the bargains or freebies, but about locals trying to find a nice place to eat, drink, and spend money where we can feel like we can relax and not be upsold to constantly. Gris Gris throws out signals like they want to be a place where people in the neighborhood can go once or twice a week....but right now they're not achieving that very well. They don't seem like they're interested in regulars. 
Like I said, all the drinks I've tried have been very good, and reasonably priced. But the food is nothing to write home about. Salads are expensive and tiny. Burger is decent, not memorable. Their Gumbo is the best dish I've tried--after trying it I was convinced to give Gris Gris another chance after several visits of unimpressive food and service that left me feeling like a stranger on my own block. I'm looking for a reason to go back, but for now I'll head elsewhere--at least Turkey and the Wolf never sizes me up and sits me at the bar just because they hope tourists will walk in and spend more. Come to think of it, neither does Jack Rose, and they're in a hotel!Rocked up for restaurant week. Sat at downstairs bar. Chicken & andouille gumbo was on point. Chicken and dumplings was dope; savory but refined. Shrimp and grits was satisfying and still unique. Chef made the the whole bar feel welcomed. Cocktails and service were strong. Overall a great addition to the neighborhood.Don't miss out! This has only been open since August 1st and it is a find. Oyster BLT is a must. Chicken and Dumplings are delish and a Lagniappe on Monday's...Free red beans and rice that would make any mother proud.The chicken and andouille gumbo was incredible! The roux was dark, thick, and had tons of flavor. I took this order to-go as I was just craving a good bowl of gumbo at home, and Gris-Gris' definitely hit the spot!This is a lovely place where our family had a great lunch. 
Since they do not take reservations for groups as large as ours we made sure we arrived at the restaurant ten minutes before it opened on a nice sunny Sunday morning. 
As the saying goes, the early bird gets the worm. We were able to be seated on the balcony overlooking the popular Magazine Street. 
Our server did a great job which was a pleasant surprise as service does not seem to be a high priority in the New Orleans restaurant scene. 
While we basked in the sunshine our food arrived without us having to endure a long wait.
One of my selections was gizzards and I thoroughly enjoyed them. My po boy was also well put together, loaded with oysters. 
My dining companions were also happy with their respective choices. 
All in all, a lovely experience. 
Sent from my iPhoneRound two just as good as the first time. Tried the pork belly with compressed watermelon and the oyster salad this time around. Both flavorful and delicious. Pork belly is super tender and the watermelon is sweet and crisp. Oyster salad had a great sugarcane vinaigrette and simply
Prepared with the blue cheese and fried oysters.We came for lunch and I left hungry. The fried oyster/pork belly appetizer was very good. My friend had an oyster poboy with fries. Fries were not frozen but not very crispy. I had stuffed crab. One small lonely "stuffed crab" appeared on my plate with a bit of greens and mini tomatoes. It tasted just ok; I did not see much crab or shrimp and left hungry and disappointed.
I thought it was unprofessional of cooking staff to be eating while they prepared our food in front of us!  We won't return due to all above!Excellent food and drinks. Staff is very friendly! Honestly most friendly I've encountered in NOLA. The balcony is a great spot to enjoy outside with Magazine street views.Yesterday, was the first of the four event wine series at Gris Gris. Perfect event for the Wine Enthusiast. I think this is one of my favorite places for the wine series in New Orleans. 
I am so happy that I attended this event on Thursday. We spent most of our time on the 3rd floor and rooftop. There was a private event space with access to the third story rooftop. The cool thing about this restaurant is every floor has a balcony. We got there, sometime before 'Wine o'clock' and the ambiance of the restaurant was really pretty. 
I have never been a Rose' drinker, so I was excited to try this event. I always say I will work on that Wine Lover's Guide to NOLA and include places like this in the list. For $35 you really get well above what you spend. Access to wines, tastings, bites and giveaways. We made a reservation to sit on the second floor to eat. We could not resist. The kitchen is lit with good cooks and chefs! I posted some photos below of the rolling GUMBO, Chicken & Dumplings and Shrimp & Grits. All three excellent choices. I suggest trying them in a plate sharing situation. I really liked the chicken & dumplings. The dumplings were so fresh.Don't skip this restaurant on your visit to New Orleans. And if you plan to go, try to get a seat at the "Chef's Table" which allows you to see the magic taking place in the kitchen. Actually, it's more like a chef's "bar" than a table but we enjoyed the show and got to speak to the owner and hear the story of the restaurant and how it got it's name (more on that later). 
We had the Fried Green Tomatoes as our appetizer. The smokey remoulade  covering the shrimp and tomatoes made it stand out from all the other FGT we had tried before but be aware that is an appetizer for one with only two tomatoes on the plate. For entree's, we had Chicken and Dumplings, Grilled Pork Chop and the Redfish Court-Bullion. I have never ordered a whole fish entree before and was surprised when I saw it dropping in the deep fryer. It was ceremoniously plated with popcorn rice and tomatoes and some nicely charred lemons. I quickly forgot about the fish head turned to face me as I picked at its tender flesh. It was scored vertically and the meat fell easily from the bone and was a true New Orleans treat and highly recommended.
The other two entrees for which I only had small taste's were equally impressive. The Chicken and Dumplings was comfort food elevated to a fine dining experience. It was like slipping on your favorite worn sweater on a chilly evening and sitting by the fireplace kind of comfort. The grilled pork chop was cooked to order (med-well) and was juicy tender perfection. 
But back to the owner - if you come on a relatively slow evening, be sure to ask the origins of the name and location. Being an out-of-towner the term Gris Gris was unfamiliar but was explained in great detail about the gold drawstring bag hanging on the utensil rack from the ceiling. Let's just say the stories brought to life the true lore of New Orleans and it was a unexpected delight to be able to hear about NO culture from a true native of the region./
All-in-all it was a great experience and I don't think that you'll be disappointed.There is a wonderful saying that I love: "New Orleans is my Favorite Restaurant!" We live just 60 miles away and drive to N/O twice a month to eat dinner and visit our favorite shops and artists' studios. Today we discovered "GrisGris" and our world reorganized itself! Just so you know....It is by far our new favorite Restaurant! Tonight, to begin, we had the "Pork Belly and Watermelon" appetizer and a perfect Oyster Salad! Then for the entree we had a supreme "Redfish Courtboullion!" We've had it in a dozen restaurants around the country and have also cooked it several times but this was the best by far! Our Table Host was Alfred and, teamed with Ethan as bartender, we had a perfect meal! (Be sure to try the "King Emmett" made with McCallen Scotch and Lemoncello. ....It was a great complement to the meal!....especially the second one!) "Cook" the Executive Chef and Owner deserves the highest accolades for his b
new restaurant! We will be back many times! Try GrisGris! You'll be extremely pleased!Another culinary gem in our town. The food dishes drinks and service are amazing. 
This is a place that represents everything that New Orleans has to offer.
Downstairs seating is in the kitchen on stools, my favorite. Upstairs has the normal dining area. 
I encourage you to visit and enjoy this place. The food is out of this world. 
Enjoy.The gumbo, po'boy oyster sandwich and most importantly the service and chefs were amazing! A must stop in NOLA!My girl friend and I were visiting from out of state and looking for something to eat and we stopped into Gris-Gris because it looked inviting. As we walked in the host wasn't very pleasant and did not make conversation or even smile at us. We got a table on the balcony and did not get service for at least 10 minutes. Once we did get service the waitress (Brittany M) did not seem delighted to be there. Didn't ask us how we were, did not welcome us to the Resturant and even forgot our drinks, which was just water that took an extra 10 minutes. The gumbo to start was very good. Our entrees were very good as well, but the server would not know because she didn't even stop by to ask how it was. Small portions for the price but tasty. Overall service was very slow and ruined our experience because of it.Incredibly delicious selections served by friendly staff-- including the chef who came out to chat with us for a bit as if we were regulars. Of all the eateries we experienced in New Orleans as first time visitors enjoying the city for a few days, I must say Gris-Gris was our favorite.Great place in Lower Garden District. Sat outside on the upstairs patio. Cocktails were great and the food was delicious. Great view.Amazingly good food. What you want and expect from a NOLA Native. Oyster BLT is literal perfection. Sweet and tangy tomato marmalade, fatty and flavorful pork belly, and oysters fried to perfection. Oyster poboy was great as well, Cajun caviar, buttermilk ranch, and arugula. Fries were generous and delicious. Portions and flavors makes everything worth the price. 
Watching Chef Cook in his zone, making sure every dish that goes out is top notch and up to his standards, just makes the whole experience even better. Open kitchen is super inviting and it's always fun watching everyone at work. Service was great, wasn't pushy, kept up on refills, very prompt and polite. 
Definitely going to be a new favorite and will be back again and again!oAnother lunch and another amazing lunch. Got seated around the kitchen table leave one, my favorite 
The menu has lots to offer. We started with shrimp and fried green tomatoes with wine and beer. 
My wife got the shrimp and grits...amazing. And I got the burger on a pretzel bun cooked to perfection. 
The staff are friendly. The place is inviting and the food is excellent. 
Go and enjoy!Gumbo 
Shrimp and grits 
Cinnamon bread pudding 
Found this on thrillist for one of the best new restaurants of 2018. So glad we came during our trip. Staying on canal was also nice to venture out to this neighborhood to eat. We came after and walked from the WWII museum. Super friendly bartenders and staff. Good acoustics upstairs.High quality ingredients and perfectly executed! Sat at chefs table and witnessed one of the most relaxed and efficient kitchens I have ever seen. Super friendly and laid back atmosphere. Overall, one of the most satisfying dining experiences in quite a while, certainly a standout for a weekend in New Orleans. Only hope that this joint stays consistent over time and maintains the level of quality that they are currently putting out. Will definitely be back!This is my favorite new restaurant! It's hard to believe they've only been open for 12 days. It runs like a very seasoned and established venue. The experience from calling for reservations to leaving with hugs from the wait staff was truly an awesome experience. These folks know and understand fine dining and service. Both are impeccable! 
Book the chef's table for a treat to see a kitchen staff doing what they do best! Cook and Brooke are one heck of a team! It's a beautiful thing to watch everyone work in unison and I felt as if I was in the middle of an amazing occasion that was television worthy. The fusion of food and its presentation is beyond delectable! Order the Chicken Gizzard Grillades. They are Anthony Bourdain worthy!!!
Then treat yourself to the bar upstairs and venture out on the balcony that commands a fabulous view of Magazine and Felicity. Truly a treasure find and a menu that leaves you wanting more!Staying at an Air B N B around the corner and saw this restaurant online and got really excited. We showed up 20 min before the posted closing only to be turned away. They weren't seating anymore.  The host wasn't very hospitable and the owner came up and said hello. "Hey, it's Mardi Gras."  Exactly. The peak season when you make the most money. So you'll turn away 5 hungry guests who will easily eat a full meal and have two rounds of cocktails. It's ok. We'll take our money somewhere else. And won't be back. May I suggest changing your closing time to 8:30 if you're not gonna seat till 9?!The staff were great and very welcoming. The food was amazing and everything we tried and shared was delicious. From the Smokey shrimp and tomato to the chicken dumplings that I scraped the bottom of the bowl, nothing left me wanting more. Great job and we will be back.Gumbo and setting were excellent. The rest was very frustratingly subpar. Sat on the balcony and service was very difficult... painful every step. The service absolutely does not match the price point - not even close. The gumbo was good but the shrimp and fried green tomatoes sucked, even though it's only good things that go into that dish. The tomatoes were cold and the breading was way too thick; the shrimp were raw on the inside... couldn't eat them. And on top was a nasty congealed orange sauce. With so many good places in Nola I won't be back.What a wonderful dining experience! Make sure to see Ethan and Danny upstairs for a great time. Let them suggest whatever they want and trust them! You won't be disappointed.Best.  Porkchop.  Ever.
Finish it off with the bread pudding.  
Ponder whether you should move here to be closer.I really wanted to like this place, but it was just so average. Small menu, which is fine if everything on it is amazing, but everything was way under seasoned which is disappointing. Drinks were good . Atmosphere and service was fine. But for the prices I expected a lot more. Probably won't be back.This was a spur of the moment decision and we were so glad we stop. The food was amazing and the staff was so nice.Superb southern cuisine, hand crafted magic by Chef Eric.  Stuffed crab and Oyster BLT are a must and the chocolate cheesecake is divine.  Friendly staff, local vibe, far better than any touristy spot in the French Quarter.  Dine at the kitchen bar if you can, great ambience as you watch the chef's in action.  Can't wait to come back soon!Was hesitant when we arrived and were seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen...it was slightly crowded and wait staff had to work around and between the diners.But if you want a bit of entertainment, Chef Cook puts on a show that boarders on a mild Gordon Ramsey as he knit picks every move on the line, but the food is absolutely fantastic and any hesitation deliciously melted away. Perhaps our best and most memorable meal in NOLA.Epic may be close to the words I would use to describe. Just went tonight for my birthday. Take people with you. Ordering as much as you can so you can try many things. Nothing was disappointing.  The ladies bathroom has a very Dreams of the Witchouse feel which only adds to the experience. I highly recommend.Great food atmosphere and location. Stoped by for lunch after hearing Tom Fitzmorrus talk about the place. will be back!Stumbled upon this gem after going on a little sightseeing while walking around. The food, service and ambiance did not disappoint!!  Get the gumbo and the dumpling...so good!
We got to meet the owner & even heard about the building history.I love New Orleans.  I love the food.  But it CAN get a little repetitious.
The menu at Gris Gris has some interesting differences from common NOLA fare...and it WORKS.
Their bread pudding is magnificent.  Their chicken wings are served with a nice sweet and zingy sauce.  Their chicken and dumplings is excellent comfort food.
Go there.
Eat their food and be happy.Had the appetizer shrimp with fried green tomatoes - exceptional!  Moms chicken and dumplings and cast iron seared fish for our entrees and they were delicious!  For dessert we had the butter praline pecan pie and bread pudding. Uh-mazing!!! This place was recommended by someone who lives in the garden district and comes here 4 times a week. So we had to try it and it did not disappoint.Well made house cocktails and a very accommodating bartender upstairs...the bar is missing Sotol, though. 
The Oyster BLT appetizer and stuffed crab entree was delicious, and dessert (some sort of pecan-mousse pie) was AMAZING! My friend said her steak was good, but she didn't care for the potatoes. 
I would have liked to see more changes to the interior to reflect a "Gris Gris" atmosphere, as I couldn't spot anything that looked any differently then when Square Root occupied the space. 
The only, albeit pretty big downfall was the child/teen pop music, apparently the choice of one of the chefs...it threw a wrench in the ambiance and sucked a little fun out of the evening.Amazing food with an amazing experience. You get to sit and hang out with the chef as he prepares the nights fares. Super cool and surprisingly great with kids. The whole staff is amazing and interactive. Highlights were the duck and the crackling.Tried this restaurant because a friend recommended it and for the reviews. Food was very good. Giving it 3 stars because it is uncomfortable for anyone who has physical limitations. We were (thankfully) seated at the kitchen counter, which is bar height. The only bathrooms are upstairs. Staff did tell us there is a nail salon with a bathroom across the street if we couldn't get up the stairs. 
When I asked the manager, he told me they were "grandfathered in." I'm just disappointed in the year 2018, there is not another choice for handicapped people who need to use the restroom. 
New Orleans is filled with great restaurants, so I can choose another one next time.One of my favorite new restaurants in NOLA.  Try the shrimp and grits, the bread pudding with coffee and the port belly & watermelon and you'll come away pleasantly surprised.All around great experience. It's truly wonderful when you see the chef involved proud of what is going on front and back of house, and the execution of food was phenomenal. The dumplings were the fluffiest we have ever had. The shrimp and grits were wonderful. I highly suggest.We tried several appetizers and they were all delicious! Flavorful combinations you wouldn't normally think of. And my duck with sweet potato casserole was ah.mae.zing!We only came in for a wee bite, but were blown away by this fried green tomato shrimp smoked tomato butter sauce appetizer. I will definitely come back when in NO again.Best meal I had in New Orleans! It was delish! The drinks were amazing too. We shared gumbo, chicken gizzards, and shrimp and grits. The bartender who was also our server was very nice and gave us great recommendations. Will be back.For a restaurant that's less than two weeks old they are doing really well. Oysters were fried to perfection and I loved the shrimp and grits. My only complaint was wanting more grits. The stuffed crab missed the mark. I tasted more breading than seafood. I'd return again just for the chocolate cheese cake which tasted more like a rich mousse than cheesecake. Our server was excellent, attentive and helpful. The only hiccup was that the hostess gave us lunch menus which we ordered from so we had some sticker shock when the check arrived.Awesome food and atmosphere.  I was sad to see 
Square root go but this is a much better use of the space offering an open kitchen with less exclusive feel and more at home in the kitchen feel.  Better business plan to get more turn over. 
The whole red fish was excellent but the fried green tomatoes could use some work perfecting.  All in all it was a great experience and will be returning.Wow - for a new restaurant open less than a month, they have their act together. We ordered different plates so we could all taste a little bit of everything. The fish, shrimp and steak were all perfect. The service was incredible. Ask for Aisha, excellent, excellent, excellent. We will definitely be back. Prices are very reasonable for what you get.Man. In a town full of amazing food, it's hard to get blown away. Just come in and order anything, even things you'd never eat take on new meaning. We just dropped in for a simple lunch and I'd be hard pressed not to come back for dinner. Get off of Bourbon and head down to Magazine.Went here for restaurant week and had a truly delicious house salad and shrimp & grits. The chef was very friendly and the space is beautiful. Would definitely come back! Nice drink menu tooI got knocked up by this restaurant.
Amazing grilled fish, even better desserts. Friendly staff in a cozy hospitable environment. Make sure to sit by Cook for a full experience!I had the stuffed crab, pork belly over watermelon and red beans and rice. It was incredibly delicious with flavors so sublime. I loved the atmosphere and the staff was very attentive. The fact that it is located in one of my favorite buildings is an added bonus. I can't wait to go back.Just checked in after getting. Served a great gin and Elderflower cocktail and sexy fruity but not too sweet sangria!  5 stars for ambiance, service and mixology.We enjoyed our meal and our waiter Glenn was really a pro. The food exceeded our expectations and that's saying something in Nola. We sat outside on the sidewalk table area. I hope Gris-Gris is a big success in this stretch of Magazine. We will be back.Super good and yummy food and great service!!! Smallish menu which was maybe the only thing that we would see as a negative. But we would go back sometime for sureHad the pleasure of experiencing this foodie heaven as a result of a recommendation from the bartender Zach.  Loved the shrimp and Gris Gris grits so much that I came back a second time!  The Chef Eric Cook is amazingly friendly. To watch him and Chef Brooke kick ass in the kitchen is a real sight to see!!! You must sit at the counter to watch the action!  Absolutely delicious food.. I'll dream about those shrimp and grits .... I'm sure one day I'll wake up in the middle of night craving it and get on an airplane out here from California just to get my fix!!!This, by far, has to be the BEST meal I have ever had. My husband and I are visiting in from Chicago. There are over 7000 restaurants to choose from in the Windy City. And I have had cuisine from  Africa to Venezuela to Vietnamese to Greek. Only the African meal had really stirred my soul until now. 
My husband had the Gumbo du hour (Paroisse Vermillion inspired with Louisiana Popcorn Rice) and I had the Shrimp and Gris-Gris Grits. O. M. G.  I was speechless. 
I'll be missing this place until we return again!Amazing restaurant, food, atmosphere, experience, and on and on. The food was off the charts wonderful, we came with a big group (12) for my bachelorette and they put us in a gorgeous private party room with rooftop balconies and lounge space. Our server was unbelievably accommodating, and attentive.  Everything went so smoothly, and everyone was very satisfied-- cannot rave enough. I got the pork chop, it was phenomenal including the sides, which were so flavorful. I tried my friend's chicken and dumplings and it was so schmaltz-y and savory, another friend's swordfish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. We got the bread pudding dessert based on other reviews and it lived up to the hype!! But when we saw the chocolate cheesecake with bacon fat chocolate ganache, we decided to double down and I've got to say, dessert is often sort of a let down other places because a) you're already stuffed and b) restaurants don't really try as hard. These were outstanding.Loved it! A friend and I went for opening night and had a wonderful time. The ambience, the service, and THE FOOD were all terrific. 
The first floor has a wrap-around counter that looks into the kitchen. You can watch them make these delicious dishes! Upstairs has a beautiful bar along with indoor and outdoor seating. Tough choice, but I really wanted to watch the pros cook :)
We started off with a round of the hibiscus daiquiris. So delicious. We also had the Briggite cocktail and the Sweet Caroline. Loved them both. 
For food we did the shrimp with fried green tomatoes appetizer. The sauce was to die for, and the tomatoes were perfectly fried. I'm still thinking of them. I had the fish and shrimp entree. It comes with squash, zucchini, and tomatoes. So light and fresh! I was full and still put it all down. Couldn't waste a bit. Now, my friend got the shrimp and gris-gris grits. I was a little jelly after trying hers. While mine was light and crisp, hers was so rich and creamy. We kept taking bites of each other's dish. 
All around great time. Our server was funny, accommodating, and around just enough ;) can't wait to go back!Gris-Gris is great.  It fits this area perfectly.  Flavorful and reasonably priced.  This place holds up well, and that's saying something in a food Mecca like New Orleans.  
Full range of clientele the night we were there --  families with kids, millennial couples, table of middle age girls-night-out yakking it up.  
Best app :   Fried oysters and pork belly. Sugarcane vinegar sauce was to die for.  A real show-stealer.  
All entrees were great.  
The burger tasted like the one they served at the downtown cafe in my grandmother's hometown, but dressed up nice.  Possibly the best burger around.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned patty, perfect thickness of fresh tomato, perfectly fresh Bibb lettuce.  House made pickles.  
Chicken & dumplings.  Excellent.  Like grandma's except starts with a little brown roux for flavor.  Even our picky child lapped it up.  
Shrimp and green tomatoes rocked.  
Mixed greens salad had a light, sweetish dressing.  
French fries were a little soft, underdone, but I let the waiter know and I feel sure they'll fix it.  
I hope Gris-Gris makes it.  It's been a tough location.  I'll be back and we'll be sending our friends here.The chicken and dumplings are amazing. Beautiful concept for a restaurant, it has an open kitchen. Staff is super friendly.Great location. We sat outside on the balcony.  The deviled eggs were good but salty. The sword fish & shrimp entree was delicious. The service was prompt & kind.Easy 5 stars here.  We were recommended by my husband's colleague for our anniversary trip to New Orleans.  Gris- Gris did NOT disappoint.  It was our favorite meal out of the entire trip, and we did A LOT of eating.  We sat at the chef's table, which I normally wouldn't have booked, but I'm incredibly happy we ended up there.  (We originally booked the balcony, but it was FREEZING outside) There, we watched the care and detail that went into each dish.  Each plate was carefully composed and exquisite.  Chef Eric and his ENTIRE staff gave us such an unforgettable, authentically warm and engaging experience that will be remembered for quite some time.  Thank you again!This is what my neighbor hood needs, a fairly priced restaurant where locals can keep coming back. It's affordable and I had so much fun sitting with my wife as Erik cook, the creator of this excellent fresh menu. I love how he interacted with myself and with my wife. The staff is also amazing, making sure we are always full of water, never had to ask for the check or wait for anything. Pardon my language but this is what New Orleans fucking needed. Staff that are hardworking, attentive and happy. We will be coming back always!  If you haven't tried them out you are missing out. Our server meaghan or Meghan, not sure how to spell her name was funny, knowledgeable and knew what cocktails and beer to bring us. They do also have a upstairs bar and open patio outside!!!While visiting a friend in town, we heard about Gris-Gris and had to try it out. We ate at the kitchen table and thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience. The shrimp and fried green tomatoes appetizer is a definite YES. we then opted for comfort food by getting the pork chop and the chicken-n-dumplings dishes. The presentation along with the flavor of the dishes were spot on. (The presentation of the red fish was so cool, I had to post a picture eventhough we didn't order it).  Not thinking we had any room for dessert, we saw the bread pudding walk by and decided there was PLENTY of room for dessert. The bread pudding tastes like an amazing combination of a cinnamon bun - streusel- bread pudding. Simply amazing!  And talking with owner / chef Eric Cook...aka "Cook" made us feel like we were at home enjoying a meal and a conversation with family. Get on over to this neighborhood restaurant and enjoy some good ol' New Orleans dishes.Can you say yum?   I can, you say it "Oyster BLT".   I wish I had one right now!    It was fabulous, all three in our party enjoyed this tasty appetizer.  We also tried the pork belly with pickled watermelon. It was good, but the overall winner was the Oyster BLT.    The food was fresh, beautifully presented and the ambience was perfect.   It was a celebratory occasion and Gris-Gris was a perfect choice for us!    It's an open kitchen concept and the energy was wonderful.   For our main course we had chicken and dumplings and the shrimp and grits.  Both were pretty and tasty!    Yay for Chef Eric and his staff!This restaurant is PHENOMENAL!!! It can't be easy to open a new restaurant in New Orleans and have it be an instant success, but Chef Eric has accomplished exactly that. On my first visit, I had the Cesar salad (excellent, strong dressing) and the shrimp with fried green tomatoes. This is the kind of food that can cause a grown woman to whimper! Everything was wonderful. On the next visit, most people in our party ordered the cheeseburger on the pretzel bun (there was a rumor that this is the best burger in the city) and I am so glad to say that the rumor was verified to be 1,000% accurate. Will be back soon, I intend to try every single thing on the menu, ESPECIALLY the bread pudding with NO raisins - dreams really DO come true!I know without any doubt when I visit the Metairie location, the food will always be delicious and i will receive fabulous service! Can't beat a sizzling & juicy ribeye and the creamed spinach is the best ever! Wait staff is very attentive and knowledge. Such a fun date spot which makes the prices feel worth it. Love the fact that food quality is consistently good without any upsetsWent for lunch yesterday and truly enjoyed my meal!  While the lunch menu items are fairly simple, the execution was flawless.  For appetizers, we had the fried green tomatoes with shrimp.  While this dish can be had in literally hundreds of New Orleans restaurants, this preparation was a little bit different.  The shrimp were seasoned perfectly and the sauce had a very pleasant smokey flavor to it.  An excellent combination that I would recommend anyone try.  For my entree, I chose the stuffed crab - it too had a little smokiness to it and with every bite there was seafood.  There were just enough breadcrumbs to provide texture, but not too much like other establishments serve.   An excellent choice that I would recommend and definitely eat again!  My wife had the chicken and dumplings and that dish was equally delicious.  It reminded me of a rustic homecooked dish that someone's mother would painstakingly prepare from scratch.  For dessert, we tried the sticky bun bread pudding and the butter pecan pie.  Both were outstanding twists on classic menu items!  All in all, the food and service here was truly fantastic.  Chef Eric personally garnished and inspected each of our dishes prior to them being served.  His meticulous attention to detail is what will ultimately separate Gris Gris from the hundreds of other New Orleans restaurants that serve similar menu items.  
I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the overall space at Gris Gris.  This used to be one of my favorite (and regular) haunts in the city - Square Root.  Very little has changed in the space and feel of the restaurant (really nothing needed to change at all, as it is a super cool and trendy space designed to show off the food and it's preparation in the open kitchen).  
I can only hope that it doesn't get too busy, too fast, here and outgrow the concept.  Right now the restaurant has a super cool feeling, great service, and shows off what can be done with classic New Orleans comfort food with an elevated twist.  I look forward to returning soon!Gris-Gris Restaurant offers several dining options: the upstairs outdoor patio with a view of the street, inside either at a table or at the upstairs bar, or downstairs at a bar type seating arrangement where you can watch the chefs prepare the food. That is my favorite spot to sit. I confess to going more than once and every time, the staff is friendly and helpful. Always willing to answer questions about the food they are preparing while you watch. The first time I went, the owner was also preparing food and came around and struck up a conversation. I learned the inside scoop to why he has a BBT (Bacon, Basil and Tomato) sandwich on the menu. I won't spoil the surprise by telling you.... Instead, go learn for yourself!Delicious! Very cool space, atmosphere, and staff. Put it at the very top of your foodie list while in NOLA!We happened upon this place after walking around the Garden District. I am a food snob and this place did not disappoint! Excellent service, beautiful decor and amazing food. I had the chicken and dumplings and I was so disappointed when it was gone.  My boyfriend had the gumbo and he raves about it.  I highly recommend this place!Absolutely amazing meal! The bartenders upstairs were so entertaining as we waited for our spots downstairs. Both young men were so pleasant and even explained differences between alcohols to my husband and I. Once we moved downstairs, the wonderful experience carried on. Our server was on her A game and watching our meal being prepared was amazing. Chef Chris and Chef Eric put together an amazing meal and were very talkative and also interactive with the guests. I have a seafood allergy, so I was concerned about the gumbo, but Chef Eric assured me that they rotate what type of gumbo they make each day and today was chicken and sausage. Let me just say, it was delicious! My husband had oyster BLT and cleaned his plate. We tried gizzards for the first time and were blown away. The steak we ate was perfection and the secret steak sauce was just as great. Then, we ended our night with chocolate cheesecake and a bread pudding. The chocolate cheesecake was made by a local man. I loved how it was decadent but also that Gris Gris would support local small businesses like that. It just shows what type of character these owners have.
Overall, A+ meal, A+ service. We cannot wait to come back!A must! We made reservations to sit at the 'chef's bar' and was able to watch all the dishes being made. Appetizers we had were, the gumbo, shrimp and fried green tomatoes and the gizzards. The gizzards were by far my favorite! There were 4 of us and we all passed around our dishes. The duck breast was amazing, so good (I wasn't a fan of the sweet potatoes that were served with it, but they weren't terrible). Shrimp and grits were with a red gravy and were equally delish! The steak (ribeye) was a bit fatty but it was a ribeye so not unexpected. The other dish we tried was the grilled fish of the day, it was drum and delightful. The veggies served with it were beautiful and tasty as well. Cocktails were spot on, the Gin Brigette was my favorite for the night. 
We will be back!Gris-Gris had an awesome looking menu but I was not impressed.  I will say, there were sparks of awesomeness.
The place was good looking.  Pretty similar set up to their predecessors.  We ate downstairs at the table surrounding the chefs.  The service was decent.  Nothing special or egregious.  
Here's the breakdown for food:
1. Oyster BLT - best thing we had all night and a solid app.  
2. Caesar salad - nothing special here.  Tasted like it had been sitting in the fridge, and they pulled it out just for me.  Lettuce was ice cold.
3. Chicken and dumplings - decent entree. Good flavor but soggy dumplings.  
4. Burger - that was all Shari V.  I did have a bite.  Again, nothing special.  
Maybe we ordered wrong.  Maybe it was an off night.  I suspect this place might be just a little better than I give them credit for.  I stick by this 3 star review.  I will repeat once more.  They have some great outdoor seating, so maybe balcony dining next time.Tasty food. Nice bar tender.  Attentive. 
Reception was a inhospitable... pretty much a we are full good luck at the bar, so maybe just leave. We didn't. Bar was plenty available and turned out to be a nice experience. Will come again despite the door.Chef Cook's food is amazing (Oyster and Caviar poboy gets 2 thumbs up!) and the location, atmosphere and service were outstanding. We will definitely be back soon! Locals and tourist will both be impressed. Can't say enough good things about Gris-Gris.This was the first place I went to for New Orleans food and I was skeptical at first because in Seattle, there would be plenty of restaurants that looked just as nice as this and would have very mediocre food at best.
I was blown away by the shrimp and grits, the gumbo, the oyster pork belly blt. Maybe it's just being around bland Seattle food but I swear I was closest to crying at how delicious the food was. Even my girlfriend audibly WOAHED at the food and she very rarely woahs at any food. She asked for bread and I mopped up any sauces that were still left. I'd go again.I come here pretty frequently and the food is always good! The service is always super friendly and accommodating. The drinks are made well and like everything else super creative. I recommend this place more than any other whenever someone asks. 
The pork chop and ribeye are amazing! The pork belly is to die for as well as the watermelon daiquiri. Even the Caesar salad is one of the best in the city! 
Overall, just stop reading and go.If you appreciate food in any way shape or form you must eat here. Sit at the chef's bar at the kitchen. Actually, don't eat here. If you do, nothing else will ever satisfy your craving for amazing cuisine. Period. 
Eat here... your life depends on it.Fantastic place! Food is awesome! Great service! We will definitely be going back. Next time will sit at the kitchen bar.Went there for a drink & snack after a tour of the garden district.  Upper patio was lovely and we had some nice craft cocktails.  Limited menu but what they have was delicious.  We had the Fried green tomato with shrimp and pork belly with watermelon. Both were delicious.  Check the menu ahead of time and if you like the choices definitely stop by.  May not be a good choice for fussy eaters.Cool patio. Service was slow but i guess that normal in NOLA. I ordered the chicken & dumplings. It was good but boy was I disappointed in the portion size since it was an entree but was more like a small plate. It was comparable in size to the small plates we ordered. There was a lack of chicken and instead there were more dumplings. I felt like I ordered a vegetarian plate. I figured maybe it was a bad scoop on my plate and i ended up with more dumplings than chicken. But My friend also ordered the same and his also lacked chicken.  Chicken isn't even expensive, why are you skimping on it?!We had lunch here on Monday, September 9, and it truly was the most enjoyable meal we had in New Orleans. We were seated at the chef's table and interacted with the staff the entire time we were there, and they made us feel like we were in their own home. The food was marvelous, from the amuse-bouche red beans and rice to the Creole Tomato Shrimp Remoulade app, to our entrees, Seafood Stuffed Crab and My Mom's Chicken & Dumplings. Everything that we watched them prepare looked wonderful, and the Open-Faced Pot Roast looked outstanding. Both of had the bread pudding for dessert and it was so so good!
We also had cocktails - I loved the Ferrel's Storm and my friend said her Kongo Priestess was out of this world!
So, thank you, Gris-Gris for the fabulous experience, and when we come back in the Spring, you will be #1 on our reservations list.I don't even know where to start . I've had almost everything on the menu and I haven't found anything I don't like . I think they have The Best gumbo in the city ! I know that's a bold stay but it's the truth , it's packed full of chicken and sausage. The chicken and gizzards are so tender and amazing , I get them almost every time I come . This place gives me a feeling like my grandmother is back there cooking all the amazing dishes they have . Don't forget to try the butter pecan pie for desertThe food was AH-maxing! We had the shrimp & grits, oyster caviar po boy, fried green tomatoes, chicken gizzards, gumbo, bread pudding, and the oyster BLT. Sit at the kitchen bar for the best experience so you can see all the food being made! We couldn't stop ordering food! Service was great too!New Orleans dining meets Iron Chef! Gris-Gris surprised us with its' front row counter seating to enjoy watching their cooking team crank out beautiful dishes in their open kitchen. 
Food was all pretty inventive and delicious. Our meal started with appetizers....my oysters, lettuce and tomato was a tasty riff on a BLT. I couldn't resist the burger as my entree which was quite good. Others in our party of 4 enjoyed their dishes including the fried oyster with gorgonzola salad...exceptional. 
The Magazine Street is populated with so much culinary creative talent. Gris-Gris is far from a me-to restaurant....really nice service, southern hospitality, cool vibe and unique experience.This was a great place we lucked in to in the lower garden district. The food, the service, and vibe was impeccable. Everything we shared was spot on delicious.The service here is among the best I've had in New Orleans. The menu is full of tasty New Orleans style cuisine. Our whole family enjoyed it.We went for lunch and were seated right away. The complimentary red beans were delicious! Our group also enjoyed the gumbo!Let me just say, Gris Gris is a total GEM! The menu, though small, is well thought out and executed perfectly!
The attention to detail in every bite reminded me so much of my moms cooking! It was a nice change of scenery having an open kitchen concept where you see your meal being crafted. I could go on and on about how amazing the food was. 
Smoked tomato butter for green tomatoes was out of this world! 
If you're wondering if you should try it out... the answer is YES!Super cute place.  Stopped in for a quick bite.  Really liked the open kitchen design where you get to see them plate all the dishes if you sit on the first floor.  Chef was nice and staff were as well.  Only tried two things on the menu - roast beef Po' Boy and oyster Po' Boy; the former was good, the latter was amazing.  Best fried oysters we have had in the year plus we have lived here.  All the ingredients were very fresh.  While watching them plate so many items, it was clear that they pay attention to detail.  And for New Orleans, the prices were very reasonable.  Will definitely come back and try more items and try some of their drinks.Just arrived in NOLA after a long plane ride. Walked around lower garden district and stumbled upon Gris-Gris. Sat at bar, ordered a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, fried green tomatoes with seared shrimp and smoked tomato butter and Caesar salad. Wine was cold and crisp, just the way I like it. Caesar salad was cold, crisp and dressing was good but under salted. It was a pepper dressing but I didn't taste the pepper at all. The tomato/shrimp dish was TO DIE FOR. I could have mainlined the sauce!. Staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The restaurant has an open kitchen to the bar which allowed for a nice chat with the chef. I plan to go back to get more of the fried green tomatoes before I head home this trip, and will plan on eating there in May when I'm in NOLA again.I only wish that we'd eaten here our first night in New Orleans, so we could have eaten every subsequent meal here and not wasted our time anywhere else.
This is a great restaurant. And I say that as someone who lives in San Francisco and regularly eats fantastic meals. We'd eaten at The Columns in the Garden District (good, amazing ambiance) and then at Tujague's right across from the Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter. That was a mistake, a tourist joint that sells so-so food and gets away with it because it's right there in the heart of things. A wasted meal.
Lunch the next day was at The Auction House about two blocks from the WWII museum. It was excellent, a group of tiny ethnic restaurants in a screamingly hip space. A great place. 
But that night we went to Gris Gris, at the suggestion of our tour guide in the Garden District. And everything else paled in comparison. The pork belly and watermelon, which sounds weird but was divine, thin wedges of perfectly cooked pork belly and crisp watermelon. The oyster BLT, which I wanted to come back and eat several more times. The gumbo, which put all other gumbo I've eaten in New Orleans to shame. The cast iron seared swordfish was a revelation and perfect. We would have eaten more if we could, but we were saving room for dessert. Which was butter pecan pie. We ordered one piece and four forks, and then it was so good we had to order another piece. 
We ate at the kitchen counter and so got to watch everything be cooked and also chat with the chef, Eric Cook. You can read reviews of his other positions, but he's found his home now. 
Make reservations and don't spend your money anywhere else.Terrible service. The worst I've seen. It began raining (not their fault) and we were informed by a heavy server, with curly hair, polkadot dress and dark lipstick with no name tape; that there were no spots for us then she turned around and ignored us for the rest of the night as my fianc and I stood at the bar in a spot not even meant for one person to finish our food. No help, no discount, nothing. Very very disappointed. Especially in that one woman in particular.Chef Eric Cook knows what's up.  Eat the Pork chop.  It'll change they way you look at life.   I promise.  The gumbo?  Off da chart, Cher. After the first bite I was considering relocating my entire family to The Garden District just to be close by.  Screw all those dreams you had, old boy, have another bite.  Maybe I'll be a dancer!  A tap dancer!  Or I could work the door at some joint on Frenchman. Oh, never mind.  Maybe it's better just to visit and dream about returning to the caring gastronomic embrace of this fantastic local joint.We enjoyed our entire experience.  The chef made a vegan option rice dish for one of our party and the rest of the party enjoyed the bone in pork chop (so tender it melted!) with a blueberry sauce, the shrimp-n-grits, and chicken'n dumplings.  Our table shared the bread pudding...oh my!
We found the restaurant itself to be upper-scale casual which meant we felt taken care of and very comfortable.  It seemed to be a locals spot which I think is always the way to go.The best meal I had in NOLA!  Fried oysters tender and delicious and gumbo to die for!  A must visit. Thanks to our tour guide Loki for the recommendation!Food was delicious and cocktails were tasty. Cool place on magazine street. About the only draw back was the the cocktails being a bit pricey. Especially since this place is on a quiter section of Magazine.
Note, if you go during Happy Hour stick with beer and wine.
Otherwise it was a very good experience.My wife and I went on date here by recommendation. Everything was amazing, from service, atmosphere , cleanliness and of course the food. Hard to choose so many good looking dishes. Bread pudding is the tastiest thing I've ever put in my mouth.This a great find in the Garden District of New Orleans.  Owner/Chef Eric Cook has a gem only opened for 9 months.  How do I know this?  Dinner at the counter/Chefs counter talking about the business, vision and menu while Eric watched over the open kitchen.  Fried Green Tomato appetizer was fabulous.  The Roast Beef Po-boy meets anyone offered in the city.  Watching all dishes presented as they went out, nothing look like something to pass on.  This will be visited again next time in the City.The food was good! The cooks behind the downstairs bar were friendly! However, our server was not. Just sassy from the very beginning and a little slow on the drinks. And at the end of the night, it felt as if she was trying to get us out of there. And my friend chipped his tooth on a very large pearl in one of the oysters...Back to magazine Street in NO!
My wife and I, daughter and son-in-law decided to try a different restaurant. We walked into Gris-Gris and were greeted by an extremely friendly and helpful staff. 
Even though it was August in New Orleans, we chose to sit on the second floor balcony since it was after dark, and somewhat cooler. We had an awesome view of Magazine street, with enough of a breeze to keep us comfortable (Remember, it's August in NO).
Glen, our waiter, was helpful without being fawning, and gave us honest insight on the Gris-Gris menu.
It is not the most extensive menu I've experienced, but all the food was well prepared. 
I was able to taste the Shrimp and Grits, which were as good as any I've tasted in the city. I also tasted the Chicken and Dumplings, which were also very good. The chicken and dumplings were prepared using a white base. This was a different take on the traditional dark roux base of my Cajun mother. Still, it was very flavorful. My wife had a house salad with the addition of grilled shrimp. All the dishes were well prepared and very tasty. 
Glen helped to make the appropriate wine pairing, and was a great person whom we visited with for a few minutes as it was near closing and the restaurant was starting to clear.
This one made our favorites list and we'll be back!Great appetizers. BLT is fried oysters, pork belly and tomatoes and was delicious! We also order the burger and shrimp and grits which were both fantastic! Would definitely recommend.We had a wonderful family dinner here. The service was impeccable. They were able to accommodate our large group on short notice. The food was delicious. I usually like my bread pudding more traditional, but their take on it was pleasantly surprising. I can't wait to go back. Oh, and my sis raved about the rice.We came here during Labor Day weekend for a late lunch. We were promptly seated and greeted by a lovely waitress. 
The food is very, very, very tasty. We had the shrimp and fried green tomatoes, gumbo, Poboy, the seared fish, and pulled chicken with dumplings. Everything was delicious. 
The service was prompt and attentive. It is greet to sit at the kitchen counter and watch the chefs work their magic. 
The restaurant is in an amazingly-restored/updated building and is beautifully decorated. 
All in all, this is a great find.Good service and food.  Stopped by for lunch and sat on the patio.  Enjoyed oyster poboy and shrimp and grits. Portions were weird as sandwich was huge and shrimp and grits skimpy for price.  Tasty though.This was a fabulous place on Magazine st and was a great experience. The place is a bit small, so it fills up. They do take reservations. The Fried Green Tomatoes and Shrimp are amazing.Rain made me run into the first restaurant I could find, and we hit the jackpot. The service and staff were busy but super professional and personable. The bartender had his hands full but still gave me tons of ideas on drinks or meals and fun things to do in NOLA. Our meal was exceptional. The Shrimp & Grits was sublime, and the Duck our of this world. The Amber beer was also a great pour and went well with the atmosphere. Highly recommend the house wine on tap too!!Visiting from out of town and, while driving thru the Garden District, Yelped places for a late afternoon lunch.  Grid-Gris got excellent reviews so we stopped in.  We sat at the upstairs bar, which was super comfy for just two of us.  Everything on the menu looked amazing but we settled on just a basic burger & open faced roast beef.  My husband  said the burger was fabulous.  The roast beef was PERFECT! The portion was generous, the gravy was tangy & flavorful and the toast stayed crispy underneath.  The bartender, Brian, who served us was incredibly friendly, which added to the very pleasant experience.  If you're in the area, we highly recommend!!Everything was spectacular. We had the City-famous Gumbo, the Ousters BLT, deviled eggs, and chicken wings to start. For the main course, I had the duck. I never tasted such succulence. A definite stop for any foodie.I am from CA and I'm used to cooking my own healthy food, eating very lightly, and it was difficult for me to find something that's not too heavy for dinner in New Orleans. 
Grid-Gris was perfect. We ordered many dishes and I am a picky eater but everything tasted so good and not oily at all, even all the deserts were in perfect sweetness. It's like "you can't go wrong ordering anything from Gris Gris" that kind of confident. I'm so impressed! 
Service was good, and we even got a private space on the upper floor ( we had about 20 people ). Gris Gris is going to be the place that I will share with all my friends and colleagues if they visit New Orleans. 
Thank you for serving home made like healthy food that keeps me healthy during my travel.As soon as we told Brian, the bartender on the second floor, that we were only getting drinks and no dinner, his attitude became much shorter. He told us there was 20 minutes of happy hour left, with $3 drafts and $5 wine, And $5 frozen daiquiris. I ordered a Chardonnay and my boyfriend ordered a frozen margarita. Before happy house was over, I ordered another Chardonnay. When we got the bill, I was charged $26 for my two glasses of fine.  Upon inquiry with Brian, he said "oh that's only for draft wines". Ummmm why did you not say that when I ordered, immediately after you told us the happy hour specials?! Brian did not seem the least bit interested in making it right and he was jerk from the first interaction we had with him. Will absolutely NOT be back because of BRIAN. HE is shady and a jerk.This place is so good! The burger is out of this world. The pork belly with watermelon is great. The chicken and dumplings are out of this world! Authentic Cajun gumbo. Bloody Marys are perfect. The seating inside upstairs is not the most comfortable but there is a huge beautiful balcony so that doesn't matter. I will return and work my way through the menu!We walked in to taste one of the cities best gumbo's but the gumbo was chicken and gravy. Decent chicken and gravy; but the great comeback was the shrimp and fried green tomatoes accompanied by a New Years special of black eyed peas and purple cabbage. THE PEAS SAVED THE DAY! They gave me life; seasoned to perfection and worthy of scraping the plate.Absolutely incredible!  A true highlight of our New Orleans trip.  Food and service were perfect. Our gumbo and fried oyster salad were perfect starters.  The main event was the redfish court-bouillon, as good of a meal as I have ever had.  Cannot recommend enough!the food was amazing!!!!!  i order  shrimp and griits  and is one of the best food i have  ever eat in my lifeHad an incredible dinner here last night! Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu! The gizzards and the chicken and dumplings were unreal!This place was great, especially for being so new.  Friendly staff and chef.  The food was delicious.  We had appetizers (which were nearly a meal unto themselves) and drinks.  On a random side note: I've always wanted to like fried green tomatoes, but have always been disappointed after ordering them.  Not so last night.  The shrimp and fried green tomatoes dish was awesome! Way to go chef/sous chefs!Think its my last time patronizing Gris Gris- I've been there a few times for lunch. The food is always good, although I would love a few more options, since at this point I've eaten through the whole menu. Where I continue to struggle when I do go there, is in relation to the inhospitable staff. Without fail, the waiters/waitresses/hostesses will dish out so much attitude, you will, throughout your whole time there, question why you are  patronizing such an establishment. You go there, it will be completely empty and the staff will debate in front of you, if they will allow you to dine without a reservation. If they do decide to let you sit, they will remind you throughout your experience that you'll have to leave at any moment. Overall, it's just not worth it, in my opinion. It's good, not great food with a side of 'tude so large it overshadows any good. Happy to spend my money elsewhere, where folks are happy to have you patronize their place.The food is well prepared and very succulent. We had the shrimp the grits. The shrimp complimented the grits very well, the dish came steaming hot and the crunch of the shrimp went perfectly with the smooth finish from grits.Y'all! This food was amazing!! The vibe is chill. I love the open kitchen. The staff is very friendly. I got the ribeye and i can not tell you how amazing it tastes. Also, tried the gumbo.  Perfect!After a two hour flight delay into New Orleans, this was a wonderful introduction to the city for dinner. The staff were friendly and welcoming and the food was exceptional. We had the chicken and dumplings, shrimp and grits, and fried green tomatoes. A few days into our visit with a few other highly rated restaurants under our belt, I can say that this place rises to the top of the list.This place was okay. We only tried two dishes here, the gumbo and the shrimp and grits. The gumbo was really unique. It didn't have the same traditional flavors that a gumbo normally has. Even though it was unique I still enjoyed it. The shrimp and grits were not that good. I didn't care for the flavor of the shrimp and unfortunately that flavor got into the sauce. I did like the texture of the grits though. Probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here based on the experience I had.wonderful bistro on magazine. fantastic staff. great cajun food options with a modern twist! would live to return next time i'm in nola.Went for lunch, and it was delicious! Classic New Orleans cuisine, but with a twist. The chicken & andouille gumbo had a perfect roux. In a city where you can find oyster poboy at every corner, theirs stood out and is one of my all time favorites. Will definitely be back for dinner soon.Shrimp and grits was on point. Great atmosphere too.  Friends had whole cooked Red Fish and bread pudding to top everything off. Chef Cook shared his story. Recommend sitting downstairs at the kitchen.Stopped by for lunch during restaurant week and was able to knock G off my NOLA A-Z restaurant list. It was a Monday, so we were treated to complimentary red beans and rice. I got the house salad because I had my eyes on the shrimp and grits for my entree. They were some of the best shrimp and grits I've had. Our server was great. I can't wait go to back to try the burger and BLT oysters.I met a friend there for dinner and we both absolutely loved the food and the atmosphere. We sat at the bar and watched our food being prepared. We also got a chance to talk with the owner as he prepped dishes. A must try if you're in the area.Outdoor seating upstairs is great. Also have sat at the downstairs bar and enjoyed he experience.
One of the owners is a prior Marine and is very nice.
Recommend everything on the menuAmazing! Authentic nola cuisine! I had shrimp and grits and it was DELICIOUS! The only qualm I had was the bowl was too steep sided so I couldn't scrape it clean! My friend had the swordfish and it was DELICIOUS too. So tasty and well cooked. The shrimps in both our plates were more than perfectly cooked. So so good! I recommend this place completely! Their drinks were delicious too! Try the gin Brigitte, it was zesty and delicious!The highlight of our visit to NOLA!!  We went on a Thursday night and were lucky enough to get 4 seats at the bar...it was hard, so I highly recommend a reservation!  The bartenders were superb and made great drinks and recommendations!  (Ask Bryan for a Jameson Margarita...surprisingly fabulous)  We started with the Chicken Gizzards, Oyster BLT, and Pork Bellies and Watermelon...all were amazing and my first try ever of pork bellies and I'm still thinking about that wonderful paring of flavors.  We highly recommend the Pork Chops, such amazing flavor and tenderness and worked well for our friend with food allergies as well!  My wife had the Ribeye and she's still raving about it!  We split the bread pudding for dessert and it was so so tasty...Don't miss it!Absolutely phenomenal food and atmosphere. We came in for a late dinner at 9pm and were accommodated at the bar. It's a great spot to be because you can watch the well-oiled machine if the kitchen crew. The food was stunning. Best gumbo and shrimp and grits we had in all of NOLA.This restaurant with both a dining room and a counter that  allows you to watch the chef prepare the meals. is unusual and on par with many of well known establishments in New Orleans. I was upset that I didn't try it sooner.  The staff, food and ownership was top notch.  Recently found out their starting brunch on Saturdays. I can't wait to start my day with one of the mimosas.WOW! There is a lot of great place to eat in Nee Orleans. This is my new favorite. Start by ordering all the appetizers. The oysters BLT, gumbo, and Shrimp and fried green tomatoes are awesome! We also had the Shrimp and Grits. No other Shrimp and Grits have compared. Best Shrimp I have ever had.On my most recent trip to NOLA, I took a cemetery tour guide with a cool guy named Loki (local with family dating back to the 1700s)  
After the tour, we picked his brains as to where the best eats would be.
Without any hesitation, he listed Gris-Gris as the best gumbo he's ever had.
Everyone knows any local from New Orleans takes pride in their gumbo suggestions, so we had to take his word for it.
To preface my review, I've had gumbo at 5 of the top spots in the city before this bowl so I've had some references.
Loki knows his shit.  
I ended up getting 2 large bowls of that gumbo and a ribeye steak.
The steak was cooked perfectly and the gumbo was one of those dishes that you know you'll be thinking about when you go back home.
Fuck.The miss and I went out this evening and we purchased:
Mojito ( really really not good at all)
Lou sangria ( this was amazing)
Shrimp and grits ( not digging the seafood and sausage mixed together, also this dish was extremely salty)
Duck with Sweet Potatoes ( this was a decent dish yet right towards the end the sauce was defiently over powered by the burnt sweet potato mixed in with it)
And the oyster BLT ( really delicious love the concept but was to pricey for the portions maybe $8.50)
Service was great, food  questionable,  the idea of taking simple dishes and making them great was not a statement I  could stand behind.
Also in the nature of kitchen work or any job there are times when people mess up but the head chef calling out one of his employees in front of all the guests was extremely uncomfortable for many in the room and surely for the guy working.
  Over all I hope this can be taken as constructive criticism,  and remeber the converstaions held at the bar, while they may be pleasant they can't mask the taste of the foodThis place is amazing! If you're strolling around the area, definitely pop in. The food was great- simple and delicious. The fish & shrimp with veggies was out of this world. What really sets this place apart is the staff. Everyone was so friendly and you can tell they love what they do and they are proud of their dishes! If you sit up at the bar, you can watch them cook, which was super cool. Gris Gris has a great neighborhood vibe and is very welcoming. The owner made a point to chat with everyone sitting up at the bar and the staff kept checking in to make sure everything was okay. This place is definitely worth a visit if you like tasty food and friendly service!We had a wonderful NYE dinner!  Appetizers are the best! We shared small plates of the oyster BLT and shrimp & fried green tomatoes.  Everything was fried to perfection.  The drinks are good and surprisingly inexpensive.  The ambiance and staff are great!  Wait staff was attentive and the every plate looked delicious.  Entrees included the swordfish, ribeye, and stuffed crab.  If you try these you won't be disappointed.Went with a group of friends and had the ridiculously stylish private room (with access to the roof for spectacular views).
I LOVED everything I ordered.
First, at our server Jobe's suggestion/encouragement (and because I'm an adventurous eater; figured not likely to find this elsewhere) I had the Chicken Gizzard Grillades. Soft & tender, and offering a perfect complexity of seasonings, this started things off on a high note. The grillades were served over a stone ground grit cake, ample enough to allow a 1:1 cake to grillades bite ratio. Wowza! 
And because the Chicken & Dumplings sounded divine (and were very reasonably priced), my neighbor and I decided to split it as an app as well. Lotsa dumplings, lotsa chicken plus bread to zup up the divine sauce/soup and 4 medium-sized roasted carrots. As with the grillades, not only were the basic ingredients excellent, but what made this soooo delicious was the interplay of the spices. I came this close to licking the bowl.
Main course--Sugarcane Seared Duck Breast with "Local Molasses, Roasted Sweet Potato and Pecan Casserole, Sugarcane Demi-Glace". As you can imagine, if you don't have a sweet tooth, this may not be for you. I do and savored every bite. I could probably live on this.
Dessert--I'm generally not a big cheesecake person but since I am a chocolate person and it was chocolate cheesecake with chocolate ganache I went with it. If it could've been a teensy bit lighter, it was still very tasty. Also had a few bites of the Cookies (tho none of the amaretto milk that accompanied them)--yummyyummy but by then I was ready to explode. With a smile on my face :-)))This place seems nice enough. Nice menu...atmosphere and Waite staff were 5 star!! The food not so much. Their award winning Gumbo lacked in flavor so much so that my husband didn't finish it (which never happens). His steak came out cold and little thought to presentation. We tried the chicken gizzards and grilades because the waiter highly recommended - it was average. I ended up getting the oyster salad and it was actually the best thing we ate there. Ordered a sangria which on the menu states its white wine based and the one they brought me was def not.I don't understand some of the reviews on here. This place was fantastic! Gumbo was some of the best I've had in a restaurant, shrimp and grits were delicious, and the portions were so big that I didn't have room for desert though it looked great. The chef really knows what he's doing and it's no surprise that he's worked in some of the most respected kitchens in the city. Service was very friendly and sitting at the table around the kitchen was a fun experience. Overall, this is a welcome addition to our neighborhood!Wow wow wow!  Food is delicious!!!  Definitely a place to stop and visit if you're from out of town.  You will not be disappointed.  
The service is great.  The servers are very attentive and polite.  The chef made our experience a bit more personable by coming around for feedback.  
I came with a few friends and they ordered seconds to bring back home.  
Highly recommend!!This is a very good restaurant. We sat at the chefs table and it was nice interacting with him while he ran his kitchen. The place is spotless and service was very friendly. The two highlights were the shrimp and grits and the pork chop. The oyster app was just ok and I didn't care for the texture or flavor of the pork belly (and I love pork belly!) Oh and the bread pudding was freaking sinfully delicious. That's a must get!
Drinks are very affordable at around $10 for cocktails and $6-$8 for beers. I definitely recommend this restaurant and if possible, ask for the chef's table. For a party of two, it's very cute and fun.The reason I love New Orleans is because the people are SO amazing. Unfortunately tonight I did not experience this. The food and drinks were great so this review is purely on the terrible service. Aisha B was our server and wouldn't give us the time of day.   Every time we asked for anything it was like we were ruining her day. No courtesy at all. I wish we would have gotten another server because everyone else there seemed so nice. Hopefully you get rid of her soon so no one will have to deal with that kind of service at your awesome restaurant.Wow!! That's really all I want to say, but I'll elaborate. I was in New Orleans on a work trip & was looking for somewhere for my coworkers & I to eat. I convinced everyone to come here & we were not disappointed!
We had a group of 7 & got lucky that they were able to seat us right away, since a reservation didn't show. It's a smaller restaurant & the upstairs can get a bit cramped, but we didn't mind. Everyone truly enjoyed their drinks & their food. We all took bites of each other's dishes & were thoroughly impressed by how flavorful each dish was & how well prepared all of the food was. 
We've been back home for a couple weeks & I still hear them talking about it! The shrimp & grits were probably one of the best I've ever had. The flavors were absolutely incredible. 
Our server was great as well & we had a fantastic experience.The chicken and andouille gumbo was very good. Just wish there was crawfish in it especially since it's in season. Try to sit on the upper level balcony, it's a decent view. The burger was great, the fried green tomatoes are smothered so don't expect them crispy but they're still good. The beef debris on toast had lots of flavor.Too much to say about Chef, Eric Cook, and his team at Gri-Gris. They have an incredible menu that offers a fun range of Cajun / Homestyle cooking, that never cease to make my taste buds dance. Unarguably the best and most consistent restaurant in New Orleans!This place is fantastic.  The food was delicious. The service was absolutely perfect.  Our server's name was Will and he took great care of us.  The appetizers, fried green tomatoes and shrimp, crispy fried oysters with bacon, and seared pork belly with watermelon, were all well presented and delicious.  The entrees did not disappoint either.  I had a blackened fish that was moist and delicious.  The shrimp and grits with sausage had to be one of the favorites at our table.  All in all a wonderful evening out.Dined on Saturday 10/20. Called and made a reservation, told us we would be sitting at the Kitchen Table. When we arrived, they took us upstairs to the seating the in bar area. It was very loud. Asked to be sat somewhere else. After being brought back downstairs, we asked why we weren't being sat at the Kitchen Table since that's what we were told when we made our reservation. Evidently, it wasn't written down. 
They didn't want to sit us outside because it was going to rain. 
They had a party of four in their private dining room and asked them if they would mind 'sharing' the space. The room was lovely and the other party was gracious. 
We placed an order for gumbo and a Caesar salad. They brought our drinks and took our dinner order - Cast Iron seared fish and shrimp (highly recommended by the other party who was on their second visit to the restaurant within a week) and Chicken and dumplings (I was told was one of their top items). 
Shortly after the other party received their food. Members of their party ordered the Creole Redfish Courtbouillon (which had an amazing presentation). One of the parties ordered the duck, which they had earlier in the week and raved about - unfortunately, they were disappointed - portion size was much smaller and not as flavorful. 
When they came to clear and take the other parties dessert order, I asked if they might check on our gumbo and salad.... When they arrived, gumbo was lukewarm at best. We were only about half way through the salad and gumbo our entree's arrived. Chicken and dumplings were also lukewarm (and frankly, I've had better at Cracker Barrel). The fish was very salty. 
The atmosphere - 4.5/5; the service - 2.5/5; food - 3/5.
We dine out weekly to experience the great food and atmosphere our wonderful city has to offer. Gris-Gris is on so many lists as the place to try. I am disappointed that the food and their service is so hit or miss (as noted in other reviews).I love this place. I was only in town for one week and wanted to hit a lot of different spots, but I kept returning here. It was always a home run. The food, drinks and staff are all amazing. 
On my last day I had a very disappointing gumbo at another spot (Kingfish), and promptly came here one last time so I could leave on a high note. Their gumbo is spiritual. That sounds pretentious (and it is) but if you eat gumbo all over town you will appreciate the joy of them blowing your doors off. 
And what is local food if not spiritual?Restaurante com cozinha aberta em uma  esquina do Garden District, nessa rua tem varios comrcio, mas Justo no dia 01 de janeiro, estava tudo fechado e apenas o Gris Gris aberto. Entramos e no nos arrependemos. Todos os funcionrios sper educados e capacitados, local limpo, bem ambientado e aconchegante. Eles cozinham na sua frente e a comida  deliciosa. Recomendo fazer reserva antes. O peixe  maravilhoso.Excellent food, service, and atmosphere! We had the shrimp and fried green tomatoes, the 14oz rib eye, the cast iron seared fish and shrimp, and the banana pudding. Highly recommend all of those. Definitely worth a visit. Well worth the price!Treat yourself to this amazing hidden gem. I had the shrimp and gris gris grits with a lovely prosecco.... it was to die for.....can'tvwaitbto go back!!Popped in after visiting the WWII museum (highly recommend). Short walk. I sat at the chef's bar. Chef Eric was holding court with his merry kitchen staff whipping up very tasty food. He recommended the Sous Vide Chicken Gizzards, I NEVER would've ordered this but woo-hoo what a great dish. The main of shrimp and grits was another home run. I splurged with the bread pudding and it was first rate as well. The bar served some tasty drinks and I really enjoyed talking to the staff. A wonderful place. Chef Eric, a veteran, does a lot of veteran volunteer and support activity - another big plus in my book. I'm already planning my return. Fantastic restaurant in a restaurant town. Do not miss this one!I had been dying to go to Gris-Gris, based on all the wonderful things I had heard about it. I wanted to love it, but....  We had a reservation for 8:30 pm, and at that time I was told that the only tables available were outside, and that was fine for me. I love to people watch. 
Our service was great. Since it was a late dinner I didn't want a lot of food. I ordered the shrimp and grits because I had heard so many good things about it. It was good, not great, but waaay to salty. 
Since I only tried this one dish, I do plan on returning and giving it another try, but I must confess, I was disappointed.What a wonderful little spot! My daughter and I had roast beef poboy and oyster poboy for lunch and WOW at the oysters. The mashed sweet potatoes were divine! I will have those again for sure. Neat spot with an upstairs balcony overlooking Magazine Street. Lovely. I loved the real towels in the restroom and environmentally friendly way this place was run. A very refreshing change from fast food. Fast, however, it was not; I had to feed the meter twice and it wasn't that busy. It was worth the wait, but....Recommended to me by a local friend and WOW!! What a gem. This place is amazing. Amazing food, yet totally unpretentious. I would most definitely go back!!My compliments to Chef Eric Cook! Amazing food great service! Thanks Abbi! Highly recommend!This one is tough to review for a few reasons:
- it's really a great establishment, well laid out and visually appealing, with the balcony seating
- they offer a $2 kids menu, which will cause any parent to automatically dance with glee 
- our meals were absolutely amazing, starters and mains
- our dessert was swoon worthy
Okay, so why am I giving three stars? Two reasons:
- service was the most inattentive and lackadaisical of our entire trip
- the kids meals were horribly overdone
But for those two points - especially the service - I would be rating an easy 5.I've been to Gris Gris three times and wanted to give this place a fair shot. I've sat inside once and outside twice. During my most recent experience our server was so rude. Maybe she was having a bad day and taking it out on us, but the minute we said we did not want to order food (right at that moment) she stormed off. Then she did not check on us if we wanted more wine. My friends and I always start off with a couple of glasses of wine and eventually order apps and maybe more. I won't go into the food but overall it was just fine. The server's behavior was unreal. Finally a new server came to help us and thats when we ordered a few apps. After about 3 glasses of wine and apps the server comes outside to tell us the following: I don't want to rush you but we do have a party of 8 coming to sit outside soon and we will need this table. He left it at that. The visit before this we were told they needed our table for a reservation. I'm confused. Were we not paying customers? Were we not spending enough money?? What guarantees the people with the reservation spending more money or ordering more than we were? I'm tired of being asked to move or leave our table when my friends and I are spending money and ordering food. I tried contacting someone via their website about this problem or at least to understand their procedure for my next trip but no one contacted me back.I took a walking tour of the Garden District and my tour guide (an 8th generation New Orlenean) recommended the gumbo at Gris Gris, which he said was the best he'd had outside of a family home. It was genuinely every bit as good as he described it to be. Intensely flavored, but not sickly rich or salty - simply a small bowl of heaven! Shrimp and grits were also excellently done. The service was prompt and friendly and the small restaurant had a fresh and suave air. The server told us that bookings are highly recommended for dinner - seeing as their seating is so limited. If you want outstanding Creole off the tourist track, this is the place to go!What a night!
We had a team dinner for 16 in Gris Gris' large second floor room last night. 
I can't say enough nice things about what Chef Eric and his team are doing. His COVID concept of letting large groups have the entire restaurant to dine in is a lavish experience. 
Eric says that's he is an "operator" at heart, meaning that he has a passion for planning and precise execution. This approach to management allowed them to flawlessly provide drinks and four course meals that belied a staff of only three. 
Amazing. 
The restaurant itself is impeccable and NOLA exotic. Eric is a local and like with his food, he has created an atmosphere that is both amazing and harmonious. Gris Gris feels like home from the minute you come in. His upstairs rooms are absolutely perfect for medium sized functions like ours lending privacy and intimacy to the party. 
The food and drinks were equally adept. One of our team, a discerning foodie, said that is was the very best meal he has eaten in a very long time. I started with the oyster soup and savored my way through oyster BLT, chargrilled filet and sticky bun bread pudding. 
Each course was accompanied by expertly chosen wines and served by Ethan who allowed no glass to go dry. Ethan was pouring mighty good stuff, including 2018 Caymus. Our group was thirsty and the supply apparently inexhaustible!
This unbelievable opportunity to "own" an entire restaurant and personally be tended to by a world class chef won't last forever. I highly recommend you round up your posse and get Gris Gris while you can!New and hot does not equal OMG what a treat!! Tried almost everything. Will take another  stop or two. Chef Cook a pleasure to watch and speak with. The courtbullion is a visual masterpiece and also a treat for your taste buds. Must try a king Emmett cocktail or two.  Pic is what's left of sticky bun bread pudding. Actually tried ALL 3 deserts. Can't go wrong with any of themFor our last dinner here in NOLA, we've decided to check out one of the local spots near our Air BnB- Gris-Gris (gri-gri). The place has 4.7 in yelp which convinced us to check it out. Well, they deserve that grade since their food is legit. The gumbo they served is the fancy version that I have so far here in NOLA. Their house salad is so refreshing- it has something to do with the dressing. The oyster BLT was really good for appetizer- mouthwatering good. The seafood stuffed crab and pork chop with blueberry sauce entree was just amazing! Like I gained my 20lbs in one meal For dessert, we tried their bread pudding and chocolate cake with ganache- the cake was okay (too dense) but the pudding exceeded my expectations. It had the creme brle effect on the outer layer of it with soft middle which made my palate extremely happy To make us feel "healthy" we just walked the neighborhood to and from the dinner. We will definitely come back to NOLA and Gris-Gris will be part of our food adventure. Oh! They have one of the best service too!I cannot say enough great things about last nights experience.  We had a birthday dinner in the private room and it was everything we could have wanted and more! Robyn was thorough with the correspondence to make sure we had everything we needed.  We met with chef to set a menu and he was incredibly accommodating.  The food was amazing!  The wait staff was great.  Not once did we have to ask for our drinks to be replenished and food was timed perfectly.  Again, it was a fantastic night and we would not have changed a thing! Thank you all for a wonderful experience!I've heard of Gris-Gris for awhile and I finally took the opportunity to try it out when I was in town. For drinks, my girlfriend and I had the Sangria and a cocktail called Tequila Mambo. We thoroughly enjoyed both! It was so refreshing with a kick! 
For appetizers, we had the chicken gizzards over a grits cake. The gizzards itself was a bit salty, but if you eat it with the grits, it balances out pretty well. For our entree, I had the seared duck breast. The duck breast was so tender; it melted in your mouth! It was really delicious. It was topped on a bed of sweet potato and pecan casserole. Personally me, it simply was a bit too sweet for my taste. But overall I had enjoyed this dish. I also tried a piece of my girlfriend's dish and her fish was cooked to perfection! It was dry at all and the shrimps were huge! They were also cooked perfectly! Last, but not least, dessert! Their chocolate cake was probably the richest cake I've ever eaten. It was extremely moist! Best chocolate cake I've had thus far! There was an option to add a scoop of ice cream also, but we opted not to. 
Overall, my dining experience here was excellent. The service and food were great, although I was actually expecting the place to be a bit more on the less noisy side. But it didn't bother me much. Will definitely make a stop here again soon!Top notch establishment. Service was fast, and friendly. The atmosphere was very relaxed, and peaceful. I loved my food very much. 
As a New Orleans local, I can't wait to go back.Excellent service!
Excellent food!
Will make a point of going back when in NOLA again!Delicious!! This is definitely one my new favs here in Nola, me and friend popped in for happy hour 4-7. We dined in the upstairs area, we had a very nice and knowledgeable waitress, but the staff was all amazing from the door to our seat to the end of our dining experience. The food was Amazing. I ate the pork chops dinner with green and mashed potatoes, all seasoned to perfection. The deviled eggs were good, the wings were cool, nothing spectacular. The drinks were so delicious and definitely get you right! And the bread pudding not pictured, IS A MUST!!! I'm not a bread pudding fan, but this is different!!This place is fabulous.  I highly recommend you try it.  Sitting at the kitchen bar and watching them do their magic.  You know it's good because the owner, Eric Cook, is In the kitchen plating and processing orders.  It's at the corner of Facility and Magazine where Square Root use to be. We had stuffed crab, pork belly w/watermelon and fried green tomatoes w/shrimp.The hubs and I stopped in for lunch and was so glad we did. Service and food were excellent. So fun to watch our food being prepared in front of us. We had the shrimp and grits and the pork belly app. YumWe were given complimentary bowls of gumbo that was delicious! The cocktail I had was amazing! I ordered the chicken and dumplings and I could eat it every day and be perfectly happy. My friend had the blt and really loved that as well! Service was incredible and watching the chefs cook was a really neat bonus!We had my bday dinner here on 10/10, which was a redemption meal for the awful bday dinner I had experienced at Redfish Grill the night before. 
From the door greet to the exit everything was exceptional. We originally sat outside but then it started raining so the server/hostess moved us to the chefs table. The Chef/owner Eric Cook was awesome! He had the best energy and was very interactive with us. The food was spectacular and he very much acknowledged my bday. He gifted us a ribeye and dessert with a candle!! 
He and the server definitely went out of their way to make me feel special and gave me a hug at the end of the meal. I come from hospitality in San Francisco and this is how it's done! I will recommend this place to everyone and I can't wait to return!! Yay New Orleans!We came here as a family to celebrate a birthday.  I would not recommend coming here with children- all of the indoor tables are high tops so the high chair doesn't even come close to the table.  We had to alternate holding the baby the entire night.  Additionally, it's not ideal for people with mobility issues.  The tables are all upstairs (though there is a bar downstairs).  There is no elevator.  The stairs are very steep.  For one of the individuals in our party on crutches, it was not easy.  Heck I was a little nervous walking down them in heels while pregnant.  If someone in your party is in a wheelchair it would be virtually impossible to eat here because of the height of the tables/bar and the stairs.  The menu was boring, although executed well.  I had the chicken and dumplings (heavy on the dumplings, very little chicken), but the flavor was good.  I tried some of the fries that came with the burger and they were very undercooked.  I capped the night off with a visit to the ladies room and the most frustrating part of the evening was trying to figure out the darn faucet.  After I had covered my hands in soap I twisted and turned the faucet and a stick next to it every which way and eventually gave up, using a towel to wipe the soap off.  I thought I was an idiot until several others mentioned they struggled with it as well.  Overall, food was o.k., service was decent, but atmosphere was severely lacking.Went back again! The roast beef poboy is sooo good, and the fries were perfect. Can't wait to try some more stufffReal good.  Unfortunately they had a heavy hand with the salt.  It was at the upper end for me and over the top for several people in the group. 
My biggest problem was the restaurant was affordable $ 20 per person, but the cheapest bottle of wine was $90 for a bottle that would sell for $15 in the store.   A 6x markup on a non perishable item is ridiculouse.Took my boyfriend here for a bday brunch and we LOVED every bite! We started with the Oyster BLT appetizer and a bowl of the gumbo-of-the-day (chicken andouille). Gumbo had a rich dark roux (my fav) and the BLT was a really fun take on a classic. For our entree we split the pot roast which was perfect comfort food for a cool day. For dessert we picked the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and my only regret was that we didn't order a second one!
Staff was really friendly. We had an attentive waitress and got to see the head chef in action. The chef was amazingly talented and a funny guy at that. We will definitely be back to try lunch and dinner!Delicious Southern cuisine in the heart of the Garden District. The red beans and rice were free on Mondays, and it was flavorful and unexpected treat. The chicken and dumplings were cooked perfectly, but it just needed another vegetable to me to balance it out. Everything was fantastic and the service was impeccable.I don't think I've ever used the phrase "stupid good" to describe, well, anything, but that's exactly how I feel about Gris-Gris.
We sat at the chef's table and had an incredible view of the inner workings of the kitchen. The staff worked well together, each having their own responsibilities, but stepping up to help each other when needed. Chef Eric was personable and took the time to talk to everyone while running his kitchen. Everyone we came in contact with were friendly and conversed with us throughout our meal. We were both struck at how careful everyone was with the presentation of each dish and the cleanliness of the kitchen. The soundtrack was killer, too.
I opted for the chicken and dumplings and my husband had the ribeye. Both were insanely amazing. The chicken and dumplings were stick-to-your-ribs good and there was a perfect ratio of soup, dumplings, chicken, and carrots. My husband inhaled his ribeye, saying it was cooked to perfection. I snagged a bite of his mashed potatoes and would have had no shame eating an entire dish of them alone. When it came time for dessert, we were already full, but were presented with options of chocolate cheesecake, praline pie, and sticky bread pudding. Who turns that down? The big question was if we'd look like absolute pigs ordering all three. Ultimately, we went with the praline pie and bread pudding. I shared a bite of bread pudding with my husband and he shared a bite of his praline pie, but we were both in agreement a bite of our respective desserts was all we were willing to part with. You know how you eat until your stomach hurts, but it's so good you keep eating? About 4 bites in, that's how I was feeling, but there was no chance I was leaving anything in the bowl. So. damn. good.     
I'd rank the meal right up there with one of top ones we've ever experienced. We will no doubt return to Gris-Gris and won't hesitate to recommend it to others. As if the great service and food weren't enough, the meal was reasonably priced, too.I really wanted to like this place. Cute atmosphere and in my old neighborhood. Maybe I misordered? No. I did not. If you're going to put 'mom's chicken and dumplings' on the menu.. you better have the hutzpah to back it up. This place did not. My mom puts this dish to shame.. even I do and I am a weak comparison to my mom. This claim was a ballsy move and as soon as the dish appeared I knew my fate. A piece of toast rested atop the bowl. TOAST. WTH were they thinking. Toast past 2 pm is a sin. Have they heard of cornbread?! This is the desired accouterment with chicken and dumplings.. at least a hush puppy or two on a pinch. I won't even tell you about the carrots.  Again, I think I misordered. But if anyone is listening, I can bring my mom by and she can show you the err of your ways.  Otherwise, please take this off your menu. From a girl who missed her mom's cooking and was let completely dissatisfied.First time here and will definitely be back.  Portions are generous (oyster po boy). Really fresh ingredients,  sauces and salad dressings all house made. I had the chicken and dumplings, fried green tomatoe appetizer and the bread pudding.  Sat at the bar and watched what was going on in the kitchen which was fun.
Want to come back for dinner to try something newSeldom do you get to really enjoy a dining experience vs just having another meal. Owner/chef Eric has this place running Ike a finely tuned machine. Food, drink, servers, etc were terrific. Got to enjoy the Chef's table with a party of 8 this week - all agreed it was one of the best dining experiences they've enjoyed in a long time. Must haves...deviled eggs, pork chop, shrimp and grits and bread pudding.Amazing fried oyster po boy and chicken with dumplings.  The flavors were amazing. And the service is top notch, this I definitely one of NOLA's best restaurants.My husband and I went to Gris Gris for a last minute dinner.  Everything was well done!  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  The food was wonderful (shrimp and grits/gumbo).  We had our choice of outdoor, balcony or chef's seating.  We chose to sit outside and we're glad that we did.  It was a nice relaxing dinner before a drive on our last night in New Orleans.