Went here with my girlfriend and her daughter. 
First, no one sat us. The host pointed at me and then at a table from across the room. 
Then, we sat waiting for someone to come to our table as 5 other groups (not an exaggeration) were seated and served. We left before anyone ever even spoke to us. 
Our child was well-behaved and there was no obvious reason that someone would not want to serve us. They were actively ignoring us, and it wasn't even busy. I don't know whether it was because we had a child with us, or because I'm white and my girlfriend is Indian, or maybe they just didn't like us. 
I suggest the Oyster Factory across the street. Everyone is very friendly and no one will be rude to you.Stopped in this place because it was way too hot to continue walking to the place I originally had planned. Not impressed. I got an average breakfast that didn't seem to hard to mess up. Over medium eggs with bacon and potatoes. Eh nothing special about it. It was brunch time so I got a screw driver which was over priced for the not-so-heavy hand and size of the glass. Don't recommend. I'm giving it 3 stars because of my choice of food and also because the staff is friendly.This restaurant has a great atmosphere...very lively and festive. I really enjoyed being here and we had a great waiter. The food, however, was mediocre. I ordered the blackened chicken salad...$14. The chicken was dry and it lacked great flavor. It was okay. Overall a decent experience.Extremely costly ripping off tourists. Services is not good and the quantity is so little that might leave you hungry even after lunch. This place is close to a Public Car park and crowded with tourists. Trust me, its not worth it. Keep away.Very goo gumbo!  Great drinks.  Excellent service!Bleh. 
We arrived for lunch on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of summer, anxiously awaiting a delish Cajun lunch in the French Quarter... Oh boy, were we disappointed...
After waiting outside in the hot summer heat for a good 10 minutes, we were seated by the host in a pretty big hurry. (No big deal, it's a lunch rush... Right?)
We were given about 20-30 minutes to look over the menu... (About 30 times over) until my evil glares finally caught the attention of a passing server that asked "have you been served yet?" .... Commence evil glare
(Mind you, every other table had their drinks refilled or orders placed while we continued to stare off into the distance)
My gumbo ya ya was pretty good... My boyfriend's catfish and oyster platter was just mediocre. Pretty disappointing given we waited that long
Although our experience was subpar, the other tables around us seemed to have very friendly and attentive servers. Guess we lucked outService was TERRIBLE! Our waitress took forever to come and greet us/take our drink orders, it seemed as if she hated the fact that she was working their, food was pretty bad. 
I ordered the red beans and rice -Straight out of the box red beans and rice has more flavor than this. Extremely bland, mushy and gross! we were starving and this was the first place we could find, wish we would have yelped it first as their was other places down the street with much better reviews. 
My friend ordered the gumbo and that was pretty bad too, she ended up not eating it. We were bloated and nauseas for the rest of the day! 
Worst place we experienced in NOLA, STAY AWAY!! BAD SERVICE, EVEN WORSE FOOD!!Definitely a tourist trap! I needn't say more - but I'll elaborate.
Mr. J, myself, and another couple decided on the Gumbo Pot for dinner on New Year's Eve. Not wanting to wait in lines, we were excited when we were quickly seated. Let me point out - this should have been our first red flag. We waited for what seemed like an eternity to order. Our server, who was almost pseudo-excited to wait on us, took our drink orders and then never came back with them. We had to ask about the beverages, flatware, and napkins. Mr. J had ordered a salad and still had not arrived after we finished appetizers and we had to ask for it as well. They gave us complementary cups of gumbo for the inconvenience of waiting. It was tasty, but probably a 4 on a scale of 1-10 when compared to other gumbo I've had in NOLA.
Once our entrees arrived, the disappointment peaked. Two of us had ordered the New Orleans Special which had jambalaya, creole, and ettoufe. The ettoufe had no flavor except for 'burnt'. The creole was watery, glorified tomato sauce, and the jambalaya tasted like it came out of the Zatarain's box. 
Mr. J had ordered chicken parmesan since he was in the mood for something different and the marinara sauce was almost a spot-on match for the creole. Gross! With the hundreds of restaurants in the area, there's no point wasting your time or money here.Gumbo yaya is meh-meh. Nothing exceptional. Try other places before coming here, cause New Orleans is supposed to have the best Cajun/creole cuisine and this isn't the best example of it.This is a low 2 stars. 
Went here for breakfast and ordered a banana blintzers. They were out of bananas and let me know 5 minutes after ordering. So I got the apple and cinnamon one. The blintzes was good. The topping was not. They were not real apples or if they were they were soaked in the syrup. Not cool and not good.
Hubby had the St. Peter omelet. The portion was huge. The grits were good. The omelet  was filled with ham was not fluffy.
We each had a 8oz glass of orange juice. I had s hard attack when k received the bill to learn they charged $5.75 for each (with no refills). Are you serious? The 2 juices cost more than my meal. 
The prices are insanely high and not worth the service, food quality or timeliness of the kitchen.This was such a waste of money and my palette in very unhappy with what I ate. I had the "taste of N.O." Which consisted of "bland red beans and rice, crawfish étouffée which tasted really fishy and old and a gumbo which tasted like sour milk... How does tomato taste like this is unknown to me". My rice was undercooked and still crunchy. This was such a waste of 55$ (included 2 drinks) for me and my man that we still tried to eat most but couldn't do it. I'll see if I can add the picture. I haven't left a review ever, but really had to, because this place was a waste of money. More of a tourist trap. The waitress, however was very friendly, so not extremely overall bad experience. Still only 1 or a 0.5 star worthy. Horrible, please don't waste your time trying to obtain authentic, seasoned food here, the regular breakfast platter is perhaps a better choice. Who can mess up French toast? Or grits.The food was YUM! We got the catfish platter which melted in your mouth!! And a large bowl of the yaya gumbo, delicious! My first visit to New Orleans and the food left a great impact! Will return!I am actually here right now writing this... Waiting for the last 15 minutes to get a refill on my soda or water. Waitress has a bad attitude. Prices are ridiculous for what you get. 10 little fried shrimp on a roll for 17$ Gumbo had a scoop of rice in it... Some of the rice was dried out and hard as a rock. Since it was stirred in, every bite had pieces of hard rice in it. Certainly can find much better than this place in New Orleans.The Yelp coupon for a free glass of wine was a summer promotion no longer available.  It is mid October maybe they should remove it.  The food was okay our server was a little forgetful but nice. Th did serve as be in pretty dirty glasses.  A little pricey for what you get though.The food was real good for the most part I felt it was over priced by like 40% per dish. I had the Gumbo  combo and my wife ordered the Catfish and shrimp with frys combo.We did not go for the food. We came in to throw back a few at the bar while taking a break from the heat.  Mixed drinks did the job and the beers on tap were priced pretty well.  Super chill atmosphere.The service was horrible, no drink refills, no checking on the food...when asked what was good on the menu, the server said, I don't know, everything. The food left much to be desired, flavorless and salty. When the food came out, the order was wrong.  Another meal was so salty, we said we didn't want it, to which the server replied, "we don't usually take things off the check..."  Never again.Good service and location. The gumbo was better at st Marie bar. But the staff here is very nice, fast device.My husband and I strolled to the Gumbo Pot since it came highly recommended. It's too bad I didn't read the reviews prior to us eating there because we could have spent $45.00 eating better food elsewhere. 
  It was 10:30 in the morning, so no lunch rush and after waiting about 2-3 minutes, we were greeted by a hostess with the personality of stale bread. She then informed us we could seat ourselves (although the sign at the hostess stand clearly stated "wait to be seated") so we chose a table and sat down. Our intention was to have some "New Orleans" real gumbo and half a sandwich. Oh and NEVER call it a sandwich...I'll get to that later. It was cool and dampish out and we agreed today would be a great day to try some gumbo. Now mind you, we have lived in Metairie ( a suburb not too far from New Orleans) for nearly 2 years so we aren't tourists and know what the food should taste like. Also I work at a bistro in Metairie and have been exposed to all the ins and outs of how to prepare these dishes properly. I just wanted to "try" someone else's' recipe to make a comparison.
  That being said, we ordered a bowl and cup and 1 full shrimp Po-Boy sandwich (ooops, I did it again) The gumbos were brought out shortly after the order was placed, tepid in temperature at best. Mind you it wasn't cold at all outside and our gumbo didn't stay warm at all which means it was never really "hot" to begin with. The Po-Boy sandwich was brought out shortly thereafter. We "dressed" it ourselves (in the bistro where I work, we serve the Po-Boy dressed and ready to eat.) So now, on top of the tepid soup cooling, we have to build our own freaking sandwich.....oh and now to the sandwich thing..(.I was CORRECTED by our server that "in New Orleans, they aren't called "sandwiches" they're called Po-Boys)......oh really? I am paying the bill and your wage, so if I want to refer to it as a SANDWICH, I will. I'm not FROM New Orleans and frankly could turn out a "SANDWICH" or Po-Boy better with one hand tied behind my back. 
  After we completed our meal, we got the bill of $45.00. We signed the receipt and left a $6.00 tip, which I think was a lot considering the food was crap and the thing about the "sandwich" which really took me aback. Now, for the clincher....the server (whose name we never got) had the audacity to say something to this effect: "Damn, what'd I do to piss ya'll off?" My husband looked at him and said "What are you talking about?...we left you a s$6.00 tip"...oh so then the server corrected himself and said, "Oh I didn't see that"!!!!!   Really?????? Food: blah and bland at best; service is worse. I wouldn't recommend this spot to a horse that just rode into town....you'd be better off chewing hay in a barn. Save your money and go elsewhere, I know we will.Horrible. Rude staff, rude management, horrible prices. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.It's over priced! I had the combo plate. Not good! My rice was very dry & my friends was too. I told the waiter & he happily brought me some thing he recommended. The shrimp was great, the rice again was a fail. It was yellow & looked soo delicious; too bad it was almost raw! The service was great the food not at allLet me state that this was not our first time here and the restaurant was not crowded.  Other times we've been, the service was pretty decent.  Service this time was HORRIBLE.  We had asked to be seated for 6.  The 'hostess' (older lady with braids) was extremely rude and had an attitude as if we were interrupting her day.  We sat and waited for at least 10 mins for a waiter/waitress to come ask us for our drink order until my husband finally got up and asked if there was anyone who could help us.  The waitress shows up and we order our drinks and 2 cups of gumbo for others in our party.  Now as we were eating our gumbo, another large group asked to be seated as well.  Approx. 15mins later our waitress comes by and takes our food order.  Still NO ONE waited on the other table at all. They got up and walked out.  My husband commented that at least 2 other tables did the same thing.  Additionally, one gentleman was treated VERY RUDELY by the same 'hostess'.  I didnt catch the entire exchange but she told him in a raised voice 'sir I told you to have a seat right there'.  Back to our order-I asked if I could order just a simple dinner salad to go with a meal I was ordering and I was told no.  Whats on the menu are the only items we could order.  So I opted not to order anything other than my cup of gumbo.  Getting refills at this place was next to impossible.  The last straw came for me was when they locked the doors leading into the 'mall'.  I asked if I could leave and was asked why by the same rude 'hostess' .  Why!?!  First I don't think I would need to ask permission or give a reason as to why I want to walk out of the door.  But because I was asked...I told her I needed to go the bathroom.  'Well our bathrooms are around the corner.  Yes but your bathrooms are full and the only available one was dirty'.  If I could post a pic of the dirty/sarcastic look I received.  'Well I'll get those cleaned for you right away ma'am'.  I said to her ' Can you just please open the door?'.  This was it.  I was done.  Had it not been for the other people in my party that weren't finished eating I would've walked out.  NEVER again  will we eat here. NOLAs business/revenue is based on great food and customer service/hospitality.  I would rather wait an hour at a restaurant for both than 15 mins at restaurant that treats their customers like crap.Assumed it was a tourist trap, since it was connected to a shopping mall. I went anyways, since I was a tourist visiting NOLA for a wedding. Had the shrimp remoulade for an appetizer and really liked it. After that, everything went south. I had a combination platter entree, which consisted of jambalaya, creole shrimp, and crawfish étouffée. These ranked average to below average (jambalaya was way below average) when compared to other places I have eaten in New Orleans. Our waiter was extremely slow and did not check-up on us very much, and he served one of our drinks in a cracked cup, which ended up dripping all over the floor before we noticed. There are plenty of better places in NOLA to eat.Utter garbage. This place is horrible . They don't pay employees on time , they have zero structure,management takes tables even though that  is unethical . The owner takes all the cash so the servers can't get paid . He just gambles it away or spends it on Coke . I have zero respect for this so called restaurant . It will likely go out under because the rent isn't being paid on time either . Just shameful. The bartender doesn't get a drawer to make change (because the owner takes ALL the cash ) that's very shady . The cooks roll blunts on the service line while cooking food . Service standards are horrible and guests suffer with RUDENESS and ignorance sprinkled into their meals. This place is such a crooked and disgusting operation. No one that works there cares about anything .It was a hot day when we wandered into the Gumbo Pot. We really wanted a great po-boy lunch but the place was SO expensive. My thought is that for good cookin' it doesn't have to break the bank but this place left a hole in my wallet. 
The server was nice and the food came out quickly. My wife ordered a shrimp po'boy and I got the crab cake appetizer. The po'boy was alright, not the best we've ever had and certainly not the cheapest. I think the problem was that they were fried flavorless shrimp on a roll. There wasn't anything noteworthy about their flavor and nothing blew me out of the water
 My crab cakes were good. The spice was good and they were a decent size. The cake was mostly crab meat which I was pleasantly surprised me!
We were slightly disappointed with this place but it was close to the doc we were meeting at for a tour.
Probably not a place I will be going to again.I had the Blackened Red Fish. It was exquisite. I highly recommend this place. Friendly wait  staff and amazing food.My wife and I went for a walk by the water in the afternoon and decided to stop at and outdoor restaurant and eat lunch. We were greeted by a man referring to me as Charlie and my wife as an angel...I was not amused. 
The man who seated us took our drink order and about twenty minutes later a woman came to out table asking what we would like to drink. I understand that when a table sits outside you run the risk of your server forgetting about you. I do not understand why that man asked us what we would like to drink and then never got the drinks or told the waitress. We were not bothered though, we were busy talking about the Oak Alley Plantation we went to earlier that day. We reordered our drinks and ordered our food. 
     Christina ordered a past jambalaya and I ordered the fried seafood platter. The seafoord plater was fine, you cannot really mess that up. The pasta was atrocious. The meat was obviously precooked, presliced and refrigerated. The "cook" did not make sure the meat was heated all the way through. The chicken was cold and dry. The sausage had shrivled in the frige and did not quite plump back up so there were rings of casing throughout the dish, maybe that is some kind of creol technique have not yet heard of. Tha sauce was very sweet not at all charateristic of a jamalaya and the pasta was overcooked and mushy.
     The waitress never returned to the table so we got the Charlie's Angels guy over to hep us out. The woman seemed less than concerned when she finally made her way out to the table. Christina had some of my lunch so we did not order anything else. 
     When she brought the check she waited and watched as we counted the money and but it in the check presenter. Than she had time for.The Creole combo was a perfect, nice size helping of the three dishes. I'm sad I can't recall the name of the hostess because she was great! Friendly, very funny and super helpful. Had to take a star off because of our waitress. She seemed to not want to be there. However, the hostess continued to check on us throughout the meal.The food was the only good thing about this place.  Hostess was rude and did a terrible job. Our waitress never checked on us and was very unhappy about her job.Your only getting 2 stars because your bloody marrys were delicious, otherwise food 100% sucks+service, I should have looked up reviews first.I went to The Cajun Pot on the recommendation of my cab driver. He said they had great Gumbo, and was close to my hotel. I ended up deciding on the Jambalaya pasta and a cup of Gumbo. They were both incredible! They offer great seating inside or outside. Our service was top notch. I am definitely looking forward to returning!This was probably one of the worst meals I have ever had in New Orleans and I have visited the city many times.  The food here was not good in any way. I would tell my friends to RUN not walk to get to a different restaurant for their meal.  The undercooked fries looked like they came out of a bag of Ore-Ida frozen fries and were so bland that they had almost no flavor. The bread on our sandwiches was stale. AND to make matters worse, I broke a crown on a tooth when I bit into a large chunk of oyster shell that was fried in my Oyster Po Boy. Obviously the oysters had not been properly cleaned. When I reported it to the manager, he was rude to me, refused to do anything about it, and even suggested I was faking the whole thing. Unfortunately for him, it happened at a business lunch with five witnesses. I have repeatedly contacted them since, and they have not even bothered to respond. Find somewhere else to eat in the French Quarter. ANYWHERE ELSE.I have to agree with other posts great gumbo, crab cakes and a lot better hurricanes than bourbon streetOk so we came to this restaurant on accident after thinking it was the Gumbo Shop. Well we didnt realize this til the next night when we saw the real one but I would have to say that it was a great mistake. The gumbo was pretty good but once we added some Louisianan hot sauce, it was absolutely delicious!! We also order the chicken parmesan po boy thinking it was going to be marinara sauce and chicken...boy was I wrong and boy was I pleasantly surprised! They had the perfect toasted roll and inside was breaded chicken, cheese and the sauce was actually a gumbo sauce...IT WAS AMAZING!!!! It was hands down the best Po Boy I ever had!Souvenir shopping on Decatur and in search for a good spot to eat.  This looked like a great option - relaxed casual restaurant, right by the river, and amidst the Decatur Street/French Quarter happenings.
It was about 9pm on Saturday evening and at first, I was unsure if they were still taking customers because I stood outside at the empty host entrance for a good 10 minutes (awkwardly, while the customers dining on the outside patio stared at me).  I'd been prepared to walk away after about 5 minutes until a couple fell in line behind me and we just waited it out together.
When the greeter did come around, he apologized for the wait...he was serving tables along with seating.  I was ordering out so he provided me with a menu and pointed me to the bar.  It wasn't too busy at this time inside or outside the restaurant, a few others dining, but the bar was busy and full.   When I approached, the bartender was completely attentive to me and taking my order.  Food was ready in about 15 minutes and packed well for my walk back to the hotel.
I had the shrimp po boy and a cup of the seafood gumbo.  The po boy had generous helpings of large shrimp but flavor was just a tad bland...still really good though and better than any po boy I've had in Chicago!  The seafood gumbo was mild, not spicy, which was perfect for me...large portions of shrimp, okra, sausage, and crab.  I finished the gumbo but couldn't finish the sandwich.
Overall, I was happy.  It was a great meal....wish I lived in New Orleans so I could eat like this every day!We had just visited the aquarium and were looking for a good place to eat some cajun food.  We walked down to the Jax brewery and decided to eat here.  I had been really looking forward to a good roast po-boy but also wanted to try some of their other dishes.  I got the Taste of Louisiana and my wife got the roast po-boy and we shared.  The Taste of Louisiana came with crawfish etouffee, jambalaya, and red beans and rice.  This biggest problem with this dish is it is all together on one dish and the red beans and etouffee mix together so you really can't tell what is what.  The next problem is my etouffee had one crawfish tail.....seriously?!?  One.  The jambalaya was not good at all.  The roast beef po-boy had deli roast which is not what I am used to.  It wasn't sloppy either which is a requirement in my book.  To top it all off there was a disgruntled employee complaining about her check and she proceeded to start knocking things off of tables including a ketchup bottle which broke right behind us.  Management never offered us anything for having our dining experience interrupted.  Based on what you get, I did not think this place is worth the money.Excellent service, in town for Allstar Game, and wife's birthday,  so we went here with kids. Happy greeters, excellent Gumbo, Catfsh was excellent, son got steak and shrimp,  so much food we could not finsh. Gave wife nice cake and everyone sing happy birthday.This Decatur street fixture serves up good food, but the price is a little steep. Still, we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.First timer, I ordered the Gumbo Ya Ya and it was delicious but to me it's too salty (maybe that's the creole season), shrimp roasted pepper is delicious with the spaghetti sauce over, and the Creole Combination (is jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, & another diff sauce but forgot at the moment) this was good but was not the étouffée sauce I thought would be. Over all everything we ordered was good or delicious!  the service was good but a little slow for the service.Cannot say enough about this place! Great food (try the red fish it's unbelievable!), great atmosphere, and unparalleled customer service!  Our server was Greg and he was so nice and made our entire meal so good!  Can't wait to come back!AVOID!!!! They deserve zero stars. Manger is extremely rude! Food is disgustingly subpar especially for the prices. I wouldn't order water from here let alone a dish. Cleanliness is an issue. So many better options elsewhere. Don't waste your time or money at this tourist trap.I seem to be the odd duck here but I thought the service was great. I just meandered in and they were obviously busy when the manager approached me and I told him I needed a seat. He took me to a table, cleaned it himself and gave me a menu. The waitress was attentive and refilled my drink readily. The shrimp po boy was awesome, plenty of lightly battered shrimp and the bread was fantastic. So worth the money. I would definitely return!.If you happen to fall upon a sign that reads "The Gumbo Pot,". please save yourself the time, money, and appetite for a good experience by making a 180 degree turn in a direction other than straight ahead. 
Upon entering this said facility, expect to be greeted in a bizarre manner by someone clearly under the influence of some mood-altering substance, who's attention span is equivalent to that of a toddler and behavior mimics that of a psych patient who just escaped from the local psych facility. Furthermore, said hostess is completely and utterly unknowledgeable about anything on the menu.
After being seated, you're "kindly" introduced to your waitress who lacks any sort of passion or desire to serve you, but rather more than likely thinking about when she can take her next smoke break. Don't ask her for any suggestions on what you should order, as she will more than likely pick the only thing she can, at that moment, remember exists on the menu, with absolutely no enthusiasm. 
On to the food. 
My dining partner and I were lead to choose between "po-boys, jambalaya pasta, and gumbo" as the go-to "recommended" meal choices in favor of a pleasurable dining experience. Before we could order, we had to endure a loud, obnoxious, brain rattling blow horn from a tourist boat that interrupted the ordering process several times. Part of the experience though right? 
Appetizer- " gumbo ya ya and sea food gumbo" aka Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmare. There was no distinction between the two dishes as they both were brown, amber, and chili like in color and taste. Further, the arms of bottom feeding sea creatures made appearances in both dishes as if to say " this should resemble the sea." A crab-like arm that is inedible should not be part of any dish, that's why there is shrimp right? 
Main entrée-" the build your own Po Boy and the microwaved jambalaya pasta" 
The shrimp was fried and ok in taste like the one at KFC or Popeyes.  However, when a dish costs $15-$22, there's an expectation that the aesthetic appeal should correlate the price point. In addition, all the ingredients were on the side of the plate which would have made sense if it were a build your own type of dish. Lastly, the bread tasted like that of the bottom shelf bakery bread that's on sale for 20 cents. It was already hard, stale, and the green part has to be removed before consuming. 
The jambalaya pasta was seriously a pre-cooked $22 dish that had 5 small grilled shrimp, undercooked andouille sausage, sketchy grilled chicken, and mixed colored pasta noodles. The sauce in a ravioli can is not only more flavorful but more memorable than the sauce in this dish. 
Final remarks:
If you're looking to embrace the New Orleans culture with quality dining, and a bang for your buck, this is NOT the place to go. The overall experience was lack-luster at best. Upon leaving this establishment, be sure there's a bathroom nearby. You'll need it!Stopped in for a quick bite and it turned out to be a wonderful lil place to get lunch. The staff were great and the food was spot on!Veil po-boy was very tender. Seafood Gumbo had a nice spice to it. Added about three taps of Louisiana hot sauce to it.Out of all the places I ate this place has been one of the worst service place ever. It took them about 15 minutes for them to finally greet us n then seat us. After seating us, we waited for 25 minutes for a server to come serve us but no one came by. Two other table came by n they served them before us. the place wasnt even busy. so when we got up yo leave because no one served us. They didnt even care. Rude! Worst service ever. Im a server myself n I know how the job works. I can serve better than themAfter our server smoked a cigarette right in front of us on the patio, he went and picked up our food without washing his hands.  Then upon entering the bathroom the chef was smoking inside the bathroom (WHAT???).  He quickly put out his cigarette and left without washing his hands as well.   The food was decent but not great and service was terrible.  The server knew nothing about anything on the menu.  I would never eat here again with so many better options across the street on Decatur.First off let me say the food was good and it sucks that the service we received was sub par.
It seemed like we got the worse table because everyone around us was happily eating. So let's start by saying it took about 20 mins to get some water and three separate  times with 2 different people to take our orders. Bread was still missing in action. Yes, the first time our order was taken the waiter, Mickey like the Mouse, didn't do his job. He forgot to put it in and lost the slip. So instead of immediately coming to us and saying there was an issue, he avoided us as if somehow our food would magically appear. After about a hour of waiting, the weather was getting colder, so we asked for a manager. The manager came and told us Mickey was new and she would fix everything. We moved inside and let's just say all the manager took care of was feeding her face. We still had a little wait for our food, yes even after providing our order a fourth time. When the food came, mines was lukewarm. At this point, I was not about to complain and risk waiting my entire life for some food. To top off this horrible experience with Mickey, who had actually been an employee for 3 months and just gets frazzled when it is busy (we were his only table), and plethora of others who jumped in to assist; we get a check that looks like a fraction problem!!!!! 
I am sorry but we did not ask for a split check and we are quite capable of doing simple math. However, how can one eat 1/4 of a cup of seafood gumbo??? Yeah, i don't know either. So when we asked to get a regular check or each person with their own stuff, I still got 4 entries of 1/4 cup of seafood gumbo. As I stated earlier the manager NEVER came back to check on us and only gave us a 10% discount after all that tomfoolery.
Hopefully, Mickey (like the Mouse...ya'll this how he introduced his self) takes heed to the note that we left on the receipt "Get it Together!!!"Double check the prices and compare the menu prices with the check before paying, they overcharged me 10.50 for two drinks and then she said it was because they added Absolute... the food was great but hiding over-charges is not acceptable! They fixed it tough, but after a "fight".Such an awful place. Bad food. Bad service. It wasn't a pleasant experience. No southern hospitality in sight. I ordered breakfast. Nothing special. My boyfriend ordered the taste of New Orleans. Now from our experiences at other restaurants when you ordered the taste or the platter it usually comes in separate bowls.  In this case it was all of the samples in one. He was highly dissatisfied. Our server comes and says well you should've said something earlier. Well that's pretty hard to do seeing that you never came back to our table. So he says don't worry I'll get the manager. Manager comes and asks why didn't we say anything we explained that our server haven't come back. He says well what didn't you like about it. The fact all this stuff was mixed in one bowl and we it just wasn't enjoyable. He says well you just don't like the taste of New Orleans. Yeah that's it. You just don't like New Orleans. We were appalled that that was the mangers response.  Would not recommendFood is okay, but overpriced and the service is lousy.  No one from the hostess to the waiter seemed interested in having us eat there.  The place is cash only which seems incredibly ridiculous for how high the prices are.  I'm guessing they own the ATM out back that charges you $4 for usage.  
When I asked for change in order to pay a tip the waiter was shocked and said I'm not sure I can do that.  Then it took him 10 minutes and time working with another waitress to figure out a $20 bill equals a ten, 1 five and 5 ones.  
I would never go back.Had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. Got the bowl. Gerad was the server. Nice man. Gave me some good tips to get out of the parishes if you want to save some money...First thing... big mistake! Must have walked by this place a few dozen times in a week in NOLA and one night I was tired and hungry and I decided to stop in and get a quick bite. This place does not do quick!!! I'm going to say that this place is the "McDonalds" of New Orleans cuisine without the expedited service. I tried the gumbo, which took about 40 minutes to get and when it came it was cold. The waitress was pretty devoid of any pride in her job and this is one of the few time in my life I felt like giving a poor tip to match the poor service. With so many great restaurants and bars in the French Quarter... don't make the same mistake I did!Breakfast available until 3pm with great eggs Jonathan and good Rockefeller omelet. Ya ya gumbo was thick and delicious. Service was attentive and pricing was reasonable for portion sizes and quality!With a name like Gumbo Pot, you'd think the gumbo would be out of this world. I got the seafood gumbo and it was flavorless, watery, and waaaaay too salty. I couldn't even finish 1/3 of it. It had 3 little shrimp in it. Is that "seafood"? Oh, and the rice was hard.  The jambalaya was somewhat ok but tasted like it was made a couple of days ago. You know that reheated food look and feel? Ugh. $30 not well spent. They really need to step it up. Do not recommend.Avoid.  The best part of the meal was the Bloody Mary   The gumbo,etouffee, & red beans had no depth of flavor and the bread for the poorboy was similar to Wonder bread. Very poor food for the money.  And very poor service. We had to remind the waitress to bring part of our meal and had to ask other servers to find her so we could pay our bill. To top it all off, the bathroom was disgustingly dirty.This is one of the places I always stop in when I'm in New Orleans for a cup of gumbo. The gumbo is flavorful, and perfectly prepared. It's just too bad none of the other food lives up to it. The grilled boudin is bland, and the red beans & rice is mushy and over cooked. Stick to the gumbo, and your rating might be higher.Great location, but not the best gumbo I've had. Lacking flavor and not much of a kick. Service was pretty good, but it was kinda slow for a Sunday afternoon. Considering all the restaurants in the French Quarter, I wouldn't come back here.This place is ridiculous. .. we've come to NOLA every year for 7 yrs & this was the first time we had horrible service & it was barely NOON! The food was plain & incredibly overpriced; they charged $8 for two kids' drinks & told my son there's no refills. Wow! We started a "Never Again"-list because of this place.Surprised by the bad reviews (especially related to service).  Walter was our waiter.  He was friendly, attentive and never let us run out of beverage.  Had a group of 6 and ordered a variety of samplers and entrees.  All were good.  Bread pudding was surprisingly good.
For what we were looking for in a mid afternoon snack and a few beers, this hit the spot.  We would all go back.The restaurant was very empty when we walked in. We had the jambalaya and it was a disappointment. We came as part of the food tour and all of us were served with their jambalaya. It consisted of 80% rice, 10% chicken, 9% sausage and 1% shrimp. The flavor tasted like ketchup, the rice was not cooked throughly. The chicken was cooked to death. The sausage was very bland. The shrimp... well it was so tiny in portion, I couldn't really taste it. 
In conclusion, this place does not do jambalaya justice. If you want good jambalaya, go across to the 
Coopes place and order their jambalaya supreme. Trust me, you will never think about jambalaya the same way again. It's amazing...Probably one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. Service and food were disgusting. Stay far far away.Wow, what a disappointment. Friend told us to go to Gumbo Spot and we we t to Gumbo Pot. Big mistake! Place is empty for a reason. The jambalaya taste like slightly spicy ketchup with tiny bit of seafood. The rice and beans was good with sausage. My big issue was the server was overall nice when we sat down but once he realized that we were not ordering a kids meal and going to just share a large plate, rudeness!Never again!!! We stopped here because Café DuMonde was too crowded and asked if they served beignets. They said that Café DuMonde was the only restaurant allowed to serve them so we didn't look any further. Menu looked decent and we were hungry so we stopped. Food was good and filling. Average breakfast fare. When the bill came we were totally shocked. My son had an orange juice in a styrofoam cup with a lid that was about 3/4 full when he got it. They charged $5.75 for that. I asked if there was a mistake and they said no with no further explanation. My iced tea was $3.75 and my boyfriend's cup of black coffee was $3. Our drinks cost more than our breakfast!!! We will never be eating there again!!! And I recommend to anyone who does that you review the menu in detail. Not very classy Gumbo Pot!!!Nothing amazing. Gumbo yaya was okay. The duck andouille was better. Server was unattentative and forgot our bread pudding. Not worth the money.This outing was probably one of the worst service experiences I have endured.  It was so bad that I left a tip of about 3% as opposed to the usual 10-20%.  I will explain why.
First of all, we arrived after the lunch crowd, around 1 PM.  There was no shortage of tables and certainly no shortage of servers and other employees.  At first, the service was quite good--a server brought us water and menus within about 5 minutes.  After 10-15 minutes, nobody else came, although there were plenty of workers walking around, and some were cleaning tables, putting utensils out, etc.  We had to flag someone down to take our order.  Even after the food came, I asked the server for a refill and waited several minutes before she came back--she did not have my beverage and had to ask again.
The food here is very pricey and not that good.  It's better than some places in the French Quarter, like Maspero, but certainly nowhere near par compared to other places.  Heck, eating at the food court in the Riverwalk or on the second floor of Jax Brewery (where Gumbo Pot is located) would have been cheaper and probably better.  Oddly enough, they don't have mustard, which made the poboy very dry--I am not a mayonnaise eater.  A poboy here is about $12 (meat) and $15 for seafood and there are no lunch specials.  The seafood was seasoned ok, but the French fries were very bland and had a slight "microwaved" vibe to them.
Again, this was a terrible experience--there are much better places in the French Quarter that either give you better portions.  I almost wished we walked out after having no service--at least then there would be a better chance of getting a decent meal in New Orleans.  
PS.  They don't split tickets--I guess it's a blessing in disguise, as I would probably still be sitting there today (I ate there yesterday afternoon) waiting for my bill.Tourist trap!!! The food was half rate, and there was nothing famous about it!! Our server Randall was pleasant though!! Save your appetite for something better!Gumbo was good. Generous portion. Oysters with peppers were good..bit sweet though. Service with this older lady was phenomenal!! Hurricane was okDon't walk but run away from this place. This ranks in the top 5 worst dining experiences the food was awful and very expensive for what you get. Yes I know that food is overpriced in the French Quarter but seriously 17 dollars for a shrimp po-boy and it didn't even come with a side (that was another 4+ dollars) and it wasn't even good. Service is slow and the staff is rude. Even one of our tour guides said don't go to the "Gumbo Pot". Wish we would have had that information before we went.THREE WORDS....DON'T DO IT!... our server had dreads ..i'm not sure of his name but he was very rude. Server let us know after waiting for 15 minutes for beverages (coke products) that we needed to be speedy and know what we wanted to order ..he also took forever to bring lemons for our sweet teas, as requested. We did not receive them until we  were halfway through our meal....ok now to the good stuff ....
our food was horrible and bland...ordered the "taste of new orleans"and everything was bland...popeyes red beans and rice is better than this place....they are also very pricey...this was my first time in nola and my first restaurant experience there. It was a FAIL. I will never be back....I went to Oceanas the next day for dinner and was very pleased with my meal....DO NOT EAT HERE...also the outside seating had a horrible wave of sewege smell.Quite possible the most overpriced, underflavored food in the French Quarter. I only gave it two stars because the drinks were good.   The food leaves a lot to be desired.Jaime is right..this is the biggest tourist trap I've ever fell for! Don't get fooled by the location and this place should be avoided at all costs. We sat here for NYE. I understand it was busy, but after being seated for nearly 20min our served didn't show up. After we ordered drinks ($9 Hurricanes), they took forever to come. The food took over an hour and I saw other customers around us getting impatient and leaving. Our bill was wrong and the manager/owner made a huge fuss to change it: "We are working our ass off on NYE and your making a big fuss over $9?" Are you kidding me? Also, the menu said a 18% tip would be added for parties of 6 or more. We were only 4, and they still added 18%. Which is fine for NYE and I didn't complain. Also the portions are so small for entrees over $20. Also we sat here at 9pm, and after 11pm. We had lunch at the place on the opposite side of the street and it was much better! Avoid at all costs!Excellent food and great customer service. Our server Dwayne brought out samples for us to try. My group was delighted with our experience and I would recommend this place. I ordered the Creole platter and it was delicious.Over priced and terrible service. The food was okay, but nothing great. My son got pancakes and that was by far the best part. We had to wait almost 30 minutes after we were done eating to get the bill. We choose the place because we were starving and it was the first place we walked up to. Do yourself a favor and walk a few more feet and choose one of the many other options available.Never EVER!!!! EVER AGAIN! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME! I show more hospitality in my own home... And the manager is black with almost all black waiters. Unless you are white and/or older white person don't you dare!!! Im sooo upset.Took ten minutes for someone to acknowledge us. We got our food really quick . The manager said "I love the smell of fresh bread" as he handed us our po boy. The bread was literally rock hard.  No one ever asked if we needed anything like crackers for our soup. We needed more water so we put our cups in plain sight no one acknowledged us. A lady came by so we asked her to get us water. 10 minutes passed and still no water . Finally someone said y'all look like you need the bill . So we got our bill and walked to the bar  so we could get ourself a glass of water. The service was terrible. And the food was not great .So my desire to have a good cup of gumbo before I left New Orleans did not happen at the Gumbo Pot. The name totally deceived me. We stopped in for the sole purpose of ordering a bowl of gumbo and boy were we disappointed. It was no better than I could of ordered in Texas, maybe even worse with no flavor. When we arrived we asked to sit inside because we had been walking and were hot already, needed to cool off. They sat us at a table in a corner next to a window. The spot was so HOT. We asked to be moved to a table by the door, that was open, for a breeze - no a/c there. We should of just sat outside. 
I wanted bread with my gumbo...it was another $2 for bread...really? Well I was happy we ordered it because that was the best part of the whole meal. The only saving grace. I later found a good cup of gumbo at another place. Maybe their other food is good, because it was busy there, but I would not order the gumbo.My friend and I stopped here yesterday for breakfast. We had a very friendly waitor and we were very happy with our breakfast dishes. The seating outside was quite lovely, and it was a perfect day to enjoy the patio. We enjoyed this restaurant very much!The service was very friendly, and the atmosphere was good enough. The creole sampler was also good enough, but the blackened chicken salad was anything but. Considering this is the city for cajun cuisine, I was expecting a little more.Gumbo Pot is where I watched the Miami Heat win the NBA Finals.  The game was during our trip to NOLA, so we grabbed a seat at the bar - and went for it.
We were looking for a place with good food, good drinks, but without the crazy drunk bar crowd that would make it so loud you can't enjoy watching the game.
The bartender was incredibly nice... the Sweet Tea Vodka was incredibly smooth... and my rice, beans & sausage dish was incredibly delicious.
Came here on a recommendation from a Lousiana native, and loved it.This was our 3rd stop in our Taste of Nawlins walking food tour.  Our group was served a bowl of jambalaya and it was delicious!!!!  Even better with the Louisiana hot sauce.  But what really prompted this review is the amazing staff!  By the 4th stop, my boyfriend realized he was missing his debit card.  We left our group immediately and my BF called the bank to cancel his card.  On our way back to the hotel, he thought of checking back at Gumbo Pot in case he dropped it when he used the rest room.  As soon as we walked in, somebody from the crew asked if he came back for his debit card.  Oh, my gee!  Big shoutout to ANDRES who found it on the dining room floor and the gentleman in charge (didn't get his name) who kept the debit card in their safe.  What a great experience--- great food in this amazing city, honest citizens... faith in humanity, restored!  We will definitely visit again!Do not eat here.  Food is mediocre at best.  Ordered 3 poboys, 3 teas and 1 order of fries and check was $70.  The bread was not buttered and toasted which is the normal way to prepare it.  Bread was so hard you could barely eat it.  The oysters weren't bad and the service was good.  When I politely  told the waitress what I thought she replied that " This place is for the tourists.....they Dont know any better.....u gotta eat where the locals eat for the good stuff".  I am from Louisiana and this is definitely NOT New Orleans class food.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY FOLKS!!  Take a look at the good reviews....they are not from Louisiana..... They don't know.....take it from a Louisiana guy that knows good food....Go elsewhere!  Tons of good eating places but this is not one.Had a really good breakfast with reasonable prices.Waaaay overpriced, bland gumbo!  Go pretty much anywhere else in the French quarter for better gumbo.  $8.95 for a cup of what tastes like store bought product.  Boudin balls are terrible as well.  Not authentic AT ALL!!!  You've been warned!We were just ripped off.  My husband was charged $20 and change for one oyster poboy to go.  He was not given a receipt.  My husband didn't think to argue because he was hungry and was in a hurry to board the Natchez.  He should not have paid in cash so there's evidence....tsk, tsk, tsk.  He didn't think it was a mistake coz when he gave $21 he was given some coins in change.  What a disappointment.I thought the food was okay (or at least what I ordered), but our waiter was a total dudebro that couldn't be bothered to do his job! It all began with the following conversation.
My friend: What can you tell me about *insert name of local beer here*?
Dudebro: It's a beer.
*long, awkward pause*
Me: Wow, that was helpful.
And kind of went downhill from there. If we wanted silverware we had to steal it from another table. If we needed anything else we had to flag down another server to do it for us, because our guy was nowhere to be found. Also, if memory serves another friend ordered a entree salad that was pretty much chicken and iceberg lettuce--nothing else. Talk about disappointing!The food is absolutely garbage. It's absolutely a tourist trap. You could go a block over and get a better po boy sandwich. 
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.In a city known for it's delicious food and outstanding culture, the Gumbo Pot is a great spot for a taste of Louisiana and some yummy food. On my first visit to New Orleans we were looking for a quick bite and decided to stop in at the Gumbo Pot. With a big patio, it's perfect for a nice night. 
I had the BBQ Shrimp and it was flavorful, delicious, and left me wanting more. The service was friendly and fast, and my party enjoyed everything they ordered. If you're interested in some good food, a nice patio and some populating, the Gumbo Pot is a great place to visit.This is a tourist place and should be avoided. It does have a convenient location and surprisingly there aren't too many options in a one block radius, especially on Decatur. The food is OK, but it is overpriced food for tourists. You can find a lot better if you walk a little bit. 
Tip: If you do go here, sit outside on a cool day and get a drink. It makes the experience better.I went here for the very first time for my birthday dinner; so I was already expecting greatness. I always have an idea of exactly how I want something to taste before I ordered it, so when I asked for the pasta jambalaya I had something in mind. What was brought to me was very different...
It was beyond delicious!! And there was so much food. You definitely get all that you paid for. The food was brought out in a very timely manner, and it was very hot! Oh and the flavor. As a southern girl who knows good southern food (I think haha) there was a perfect amount of flavor, maybe too spicy for some, but I loved it. Overall the atmosphere and the service was just as good as the food and I had an amazing birthday :)With a name like "Gumbo Pot", your gumbo better be great.
This place delivers the goods, if not the best gumbo you'll ever eat, it's definitely in the top three.
Please note that if you use Apple Maps to get here, it will tell you that the Gumbo Pot is located a half mile offshore in the Gulf of Mexico.Our group of 5 people dined at Gumbo Pot on a Sunday after seeing crazy long lines at other nearby restaurants. Gumbo Pot had no wait - red flag #1. 
We were "greeted" by a hostess who was abrupt, wouldn't make eye contact and was incredibly inconvenienced when I asked to sit outside (although there were empty tables) - red flag #2. 
After we sat, the waitress took our drink orders. At least 10-15 minutes goes by before she brings them out. Coffee was lukewarm at best, ice in the waters was melted (red flags #3 and #4). Obviously this was made and just sat there before bringing to our table. Lacking was not even the word here but alas, we were hungry so let's move on. 
One THREE separate occasions, the waitress had to come back and let us know they ran out of stuff:
1) Alcohol (apparently the bar was being cleaned so no alcohol available.. not the end of the world)
2) Biscuits
3) 20 MINUTES LATER... their signature Veal dish
We were really upset that it took 20 minutes for us to find out one of their signature dishes wasn't available. Everyone around us was eating, even those who arrived well after we did, and we're still attempting to order something. 
Moral of the story... service was pathetic. And certainly not to the level I'd expect in this beautiful city. 
Now to the food... I ordered that Shrimp & Grits after reading a yelp review and the waitress gushing over it being something they're known for. The grits were unseasoned. Whatever sauce was on it had zero flavor. Hard to describe but it was just like I was eating plain grits with grease on them. Thank goodness for salt and hot sauce because I had to basically bury the dish in it just so it had some level of flavor. The shrimp were tough and very fishy. 
Another person in our group ordered the Eggs Creole. He said it was good, despite them bringing grits instead of the potatoes he ordered. Here we wait again. 
My husband had the Rockefeller Omelette. I had a bite and it was pretty good. I'll give them that as it seems to be the only dish that was seasoned. 
Another friend ordered some type of Benedict, although couldn't tell you which one as it was that forgettable. 
So all in all, this experience was disappointing, frustrating and set the tone for what ended up being the worst dining in New Orleans. Do yourself a favor, just keep walking to the market area where there are a ton of other restaurants and options. Unless you like throwing away money, then this is a great waste of your time.Very good, cheerful, colorful ambience to go with the warm Seafood Gumbo bowl that I ordered. Shrimp and crabmeat come in the Seafood Gumbo and it was good. I have had much better gumbo at other places but would not count this one completely out. In addition, the presentation of the dish was great and the server was very friendly and attentive. I would consider returning.Best Gumbo we had in New Orleans Wife and I stopped in on a colder windy day, and got a couple cups of Gumbo and a bloody mary.
WOW! Both were awesome! We had Gumbo about 5 different times when we were in New Orleans, and this was the best we had. Don't miss!!I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time and I can safely say that it was worth the wait. Yeah, it's noisy, it's busy but, hey! it's @#$% NEW ORLEANS so get used to it! 
I got my po'boy fix with a dressed, shrimp po'boy. My wife chose a bacon and blue crab omelette. Both came relatively quick. The po'boy filled the bill with LOTS of tasty fried shrimp inside a toasted French baguette roll with the crisp lettuce and tomato. Excellent. I opted not to get the side of fries and I'm glad I did as this sandwich was filling and satisfying. But that omelette was KILLER!! It filled half the plate, for one thing, and they don't scrimp on the fillings. The crab was really good, complimented by the bacon, cheese and green onions. VERY good! 
Service was friendly, quick and attentive considering the mass of people in the place.  Prices? Well, you have to expect the jacked up prices dining in the French Quarter. But, doing so at the Gumbo Pot won't be a disappointment.The best Blackened Red fish in the Area !! 
We were walking next to river and stopped by for a beer on a sunny day and ordered the Fish it was so good we kept talking about it the rest of the evening and then we went back again the next day !!  The fish is rightly spiced and just melts in your mouth -The waiters are nice and courteous,they came around to make sure that we were set and food is to our liking ...Limited selection of wine to pair but some good choices !!
 I will definitely go back here next time in an in NOLA !!Intensely Mediocre. Would have been simply mediocre if we had paid 1/2 of the price. Our service was good, staff was friendly and helpful but food was a major disappointment.Ordered breakfast- the eggs were runny & the potatoes soggy. With so many other options, I wouldn't return here.With the quality of the other restaurants on a stone throw away from this place please skip this one. If you are really that hungry go to the CVS and get something to chew on until there is a spot at another restaurant. The reason I gave 2 stars was because the restaurant noticed what went wrong with my bill. I got billed (and it was as pricy as most of my other restaurants), the food was below other quality, the portions can be large but you really don't want to finish them, there was a gratuity by default added to my bill (with 4 people), and then the receipt to sign got pre filled without me able to make an adjustment. On top of that a calculation error was made where there was an additional $20 added to the entire bill. So a $70 or so bill became in total $110. The best piece was that we asked for tea and they could not serve tea as there had been no tea delivery the last week (and of course going to a supermarket to fetch a pack of tea is impossible?).We were walking by and decided to stop in.  The host pointed to a table and threw some menus down without saying a single word let alone making eye contact.  We waited about 10 minutes for someone to come and ask for our drink order.  They brought out or water in a dirty glass and then our waiting really began.  We sat for 45 minutes and watched as other tables were seated, ordered and brought their food.  Our waiter hadn't even returned to refill our water.  After 45 minutes we got up told the manager we were leaving and took off.  Her only comment was "oh they must have forgotten about you"My mother and I came here for Breakfast almost every day we were in NOLA for Mardi Gras this year. By the second day, the staff remembered our names and greeted us with kisses on the cheeks and hugs. They remembered what we liked and were gracious and convivial. True southern hospitality at it's finest! The food was delicious. I would definitely go back. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it had the feel of a chain restaurant similar to a New Orleans Applebees or something.Never go here! 
I can't even begin to say how many things were wrong with this place.
1. We sat without water for at least 15 minutes
2. When we did get our water we sat without anyone asking if we wanted drinks or food
3. Our waiter came again and didn't ask what we wanted still
4. After we finally ordered we sat without refills for 20 minutes
5. One of my party stood and went to find his own coffee refill at which point he was told your server will get that... which still didn't happen for 10 minutes
6.  We were getting up to leave when the food came... so we stayed. A bad decision
7. Our waiter then brought us a pitcher of water to be a smart ass
8. Not to mention the bartender yelled at our waiter and other waiters publicly and loudly
9. We were very rudely told at the end that we could not split checks and then he left again. 
Two hour lunch from hell.Horrible service was actually hit on the head by server. Food was tasteless! Worst Cajun food I have ever eaten!! Not even worth 1 star!!I grew up in the area, I visit family once a year. Whe we have gone into the city in the past we have avoided the Gumbo Pot b/c of the prices of the simple foods. This day we really had to find a place that had ac my daughter was feeling ill with the heat index of 103. We paid $16 for a regular size po boy. That is crazy, but we had to what we had to do. The food was good and service was good. But I feel this place is a trap. Being right by the parking lot and having ac to get tourist of the heat with some of the authenic foods of New Orleans. The food was not worth what we paid for it. We had four people, 3 of us ordered a salad and one ordered the po boy and the check was over $100.Food is okay.  My gumbo is lukewarm cold. my bowl of seafood gumbo they gave me a little bit Of rice same rice as a cup size
I still have not got my beer that I ordered when I first sat down. Waiter blames it on the know it all bartender. 
 service reeeeeeeeaaal slllloooooooowTotal spontaneous lunch stop in this afternoon. Boy are we glad. I wish I could remember the name of our server. She was a very cute young blonde. Obviously local and was very energetic, personable and a total pleasure. Crawfish pie was awesome, BBQ Shrimp=ditto. Great people, great lunch.I was with a group of 12 people and we came in right as they were closing. Not only did they accommodate our party but they did so pleasantly. Although they were out of a few items, all of the food we had was delicious. Recommend the bbq shrimp and Bloody Marys. We all had a great time and Nanette, our server, was a delight!Perfect spot for a tourist who wants to get some local flavor in a more traditional feeling sit down environment.  The red beans and rice was good, but not the best.  The beef po'boy was pretty good but not amazing.  The fried catfish and shrimp was the standout item and it was delicious!This place is right inside Jackson Brewery so it does cater to tourists first which is something to keep in mind. If you're wanting a hole-in-the-wall  experience at a restaurant where you think the natives go, this isn't it. But that aside, the food was well prepared and I'm surprised at some of the negative reviews I've seen of this place.
We went for brunch. I'm originally from New Orleans but currently live in Austin and took friends to Mardi Gras. We ordered grits & grillades (grillades being tender, battered veal tips in a brown gravy) and the Lost Bread. Even with this being a touristy place, it has some of the tastiest grits & grillades I've ever had, you won't get them any better unless you're eating at someone's mama's house. Very well seasoned with just a hint of spicy heat at the end of each bite. The lost bread was delicious but I'll warn you it is very sweet so it would not be good for people who don't like sweet breakfast foods.
Prices are pretty comparable to most places in the French Quarter. You have to remember that prices will be higher than in less touristy areas of town, so take that into account. 
All in all though, food was well done, no problems with service (it was solid and the guy was pleasant), and price wasn't exorbitant for the area. My guests had a great time and really enjoyed it so it accomplished its purpose as a restaurant.We walked into The Gumbo Pot tonight. Stood there while no one acknowledged us, waitress walked by twice, didn't even look at us. After about two minutes of being ignored, walked right on out. If this is their service, no wonder there were more empty tables than filled ones.A bit loud outside, the shrimp roasted peppers appetizer was awesome.This should be called The Gumbo Barf Pot. Gross. This whole experience was a nightmare from the rude waitress who barely took the time to wait on a certain type of person (we werent the only ones she ignored and barely served), didnt even get asked if i needed a refill on my empty glass of water. The gumbo....blah! These people should be embarrassed to even own a restaurant with the word gumbo in it. Please....come to a real city like Chicago and we'll teach you how to cook Creole food. Sad statement huh. But if you enjoy going to a choke 'n puke style establishment, feel free to waste your money.I had friendly service when I was there. The biggest con for me was that the restaurant was too dark on the inside so I guess they were leaning towards a more bar-type feel than an actual restaurant feel. I ordered the okra duck gumbo with andouille(sp?) sausage. I wish it came with more rice, but the gumbo itself was good and filling.Where to begin about this place. It's a tourist trap located in a prime location. This restaurant has so much potential but from the moment we got to the front podium the staff was rude and inattentive. 
The food was overpriced, limited drink menu-even the listed beers were unavailable. I read in a previous review that they found shells on their food and sure enough we did too. 
My seafood gumbo was good minus the shells, but the $110 we spent for a garden salad, 4 gumbos and a few beers...totally not worth it.The hostess had the personality of pocket lint.  The server Jaral was not attentive but was nice when he was giving us our food or taking our order. I ordered the crab cakes and let's just say they were sour and contained minimum crab meat.  All filler.  My crab cakes were sent back to the kitchen And I order a bowl of gumbo which was good I ordered bread and Jaral charged me 2$ which wasn't so nice.  Who charges for bread. My experience wasn't too good in this restaurant.  On another note my friend ordered a bacon Bloody Mary and could not stop talking about it.Fast service. We ordered the red beans and rice and pasta jambalaya. The portions were huge and our waitress was very friendly. The overall taste of the food was average. We would probably try it again at some point.Came in for dinner and shared the seafood okra gumbo and a side of jambalaya. Gumbo was alright but too salty and not enough seafood or okra. The jambalaya was yummy though, I would recommend getting that. The place was busy but we had a good waitress. Pretty pricey I guess for what you get...Shrimp poboy ok. Crab cakes very good. As most places in New Orleans a parking place is very difficult to find. 
High price but would probably go back.Mistake coming here - the other negative reviews are accurate.  We ordered drinks and food. When the jambalaya came, it had no sausage in it (even though it said so in the menu), and we were overheard another server telling one table that the seafood gumbo had no had no crab despite it saying crab and shrimp on the menu (and after we had already received our order of it). Our drinks were very poorly made as well, one of which obviously had no alcohol in it... DONT go here. Waste of money.
**After our bill came, my husband went to the bar to get it taken off the bill (server never came back to our table) and the bar tender said it was a virgin mint julep, despite us ordering a mojito, and being billed $10 for a mojito...the worst gumbo in new orleans. the beard pudding was also horrible. there are a lot of good seafood restaurants in new orleans, this one is definitely not one of themI like the location of this restaurant and their gumbo. Our waiter was very nice as well, but the food in general isn't all that great and very expensive.  You can find other restaurants in the area with better food for the same price.The service is good, the drinks are strong, that is where it ends.
I ordered the Creole Seafood Combo (creole shrimp, Crawfish Etouffe, Jambalaya).  
The Shrimp Creole came sans Shrimp which the server corrected - btw adding boiled shrimp to Shrimp Creole sauce != Shrimp Creole. The Etouffe had, at most, 3 tiny crawfish in it. The Jambalaya tasted burned to me.
I admit that I like to cook and my version of these three dishes is 10x better than the one this restaurant served.Tried to eat breakfast here after seeing it day one in NOLA. Walked in and it was empty. We were seated and started to look over the menu that looked pricey but interesting. Our waitress " looks like she would like to be anywhere else," was my wife's description. I ordered a coffee and my wife asked it they had hot tea to which the waitress said in a reluctant tone that she would check. My coffee came with more reluctance and the announcement of no there wasn't any tea. At that point my wife and I decided that at the prices this place was charging we didn't want to struggle with the waitress. Had a couple sips of coffee (that was really good), paid the bill and left. 
They might have good food and good ambiance, but they need to work on their service.Great Southern New Orleans atmosphere right on the French quarter strip. More of a lunch/brunch atmosphere. Our server was great, extremely personable. Food was under seasoned but nothing a little salt and hot sauce can't help  The "Lost Bread" French toast was exceptional.Found this place through Yelp and it did not disappoint!
Outdoor seating was very nice and relaxing and they were able to accommodate our group of 7. 
We were seated right away even though it was dinner hour. Everyone in our group each ordered something different and all the food was delish, and very tasty. One in particular was their shrimp and yellow rice, I wish I remember the name but it was my fave dish out of all. I also tried the Shrimp Po-Boy, which I wasn't a fan of. It's just friend shrimp on french bread with mayo, lettuce, tomato and pickles.
I recommend this place for the shrimp and yellow rice dish, as well as their gumbo ya ya and jambalaya.
Yelp had a deal for free glass of wine with one check in. The waitress first told us that she can only give one glass, but then later came back and ask our group if anyone else wanted the free wine, which was nice of her. She was also attentive and made sure we have everything we needed.Double check the prices and compare the menu prices with the check before paying, they overcharged me 10.50 for two drinks and then she said it was because they added Absolute... the food was great but hiding over-charges is not acceptable! They fixed it tough, but after a "fight".It was ok... First time having a catfish po-boy. The bread was very hard. I ended up just eating the fish and not the bread.This place was disappointing in every way possible.
The food here is hot garbage.
After entering this place with an impatient large group, my foodie boyfriend and I braced ourselves for the worst.
1. It is in a mall-like thing
2. It is expensive
3. And it was empty during Jazzfest at 6:00
I ordered the smallest portion of gumbo, as bf and I telepathically communicated to save room for better food elsewhere.  The gumbo had a few chewy pieces of tiny shrimp and a nasty broth.   The other 3 at the table who ordered the Gumbo could not finish it either.   We were all served stale sandwich rolls.  He got the Jambalaya, the side order size and could barely eat it.  He gave me his only piece of  shrimp and it was clearly reheated via microwave.
We were only staying in town for one night, and NOLA being such a great food city, I was furious that I wasted valuable stomach space with this slop.
Later in the evening, we went out on our own and ended up at Deanie's by recommendation and it was everything I hoped New Orlean's food would be.  Beer and oysters and crawdads.  Too bad my bf was sick from his Jambalaya and couldn't enjoy it.
This place should be on Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen NightmaresThey allow big parties, but they don't take reservations and they don't split up the check. If the meal isn't going all on one check, be sure to bring cash. This is my first time in New Orleans and I was told this was a place I had to dine. It was ok, it wasn't something super spectacular but the service was amazing. It was later in the night and I assumed everyone wanted to go home but they were truly committed to making this a great experience. My party said the Jambalaya was amazing, try that.I was in NOLA for a wedding, which ended up being 5 days of culinary indulgence. We stopped here for dinner one night while seeking a place that wasn't too insane on St Patricks day, and would also be kid friendly for our friends who had their 6 month old son.
We were able to walk right in as a party of 5 (and a half ;) The first place they tried to seat us was steaming hot (note, it was not hot outside, but that place seemed to have the heat blasting). We requested a table in another section. After being seated, we were able to order.
Service was OK, but we had to flag down our waiter several times.
The food was OK, but not great. Of the three places I had BBQ shrimp, this was my least favorite, and I didn't even finish the appetizer size. My friend's dish was cold and had to be sent back. The jumbalaya pasta that another friend ordered was GIANT and he couldn't even finish it.
Definitely seems like a tourist trap... I'd suggest some of the other places we went over this one.The appetizer we had (andouille balls?) was amazing. So was the gumbo. However this was our first go at a true New Orleans po boy and we were both very disappointed. I had the shrimp and hubby had the fish. They were very plain and bland.The chicken parmesan poboy was good, breakfasts weren't great. Hurricanes were good and strong. The service was at best disorganized. People were waiting for a while and definitely a bit of a tourist trap but we didn't have too much of a wait.I'm from Germany living in New York. On our last day of the week we came in here after havin eaten in several locations. And I've to say that they make the best Gumbo Ya Ya and an outstanding Jmbalaya. Come and get someDon't let the fact that this restaurant is in Jackson Mall fool u it is real New Orleans food. It's on the backside of the mall so it can b missed from the street. We started out w/a bowl of seafood gumbo & it was excellent w/just the right amt of spice. I had the red beans & rice which was very tasty & the sausage was great. My hubby had the fried shrimp platter, the shrimp were HUGE, lightly battered & full of flavor. Our service was great, responsive, & very friendly. They add in an 18% gratuity automatically but it is well posted. The price was reasonable considering the location.Would have got 5 stars if our waitress wasn't so obviously rude and nonchalant. While she catered to the table next to us I had to ask her several times to refill the waters bring us silverware extra napkins etc...like she did not want to serve us. Whatever. The food was great - got the gumbo which was ok but the real star was the roast beef po boy! DELICIOUS!So I'm born and raised here and for the longest I've always passed this place up, not knowing how I felt about these generic sounding restaurants. I came here today with my girlfriend and her best friend from Florida. Sitting outside on this nice day we got started off with water, a mimosa, a mojito, and a rum and punch. After we got our entree's Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, and Shrimp Creole. The food was amazing. I was a little disappointed with the mimosa seeing as how it was pretty warm to say the least. The mojito was not the best I had. It tasted like a 7up with more lime twists. But the drinks could not mess up how good the meal was. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for really good New Orleans food. It's definitely a stop that needs to be made while in New Orleans. And Cafe du Monde is right down the street! Gotta get some beignettes next!If I could give this place zero stars I would! They have terrible customer service. I went up to the hostess and ask her if I could have a table for nine and she said its and hour wait just come back in an hour. She didn't write anything down and didn't even ask for my name. I had to tell her myself what my name was. Keep in mind that there were a lot of empty tables. As we were waiting she kept seating tables of 4-6 people right away without even taking their names down so another member of my party went up to her and told her we had been waiting awhile and she all of a sudden had a table for us. 
Now at the table she sat us down and gave only half of our party menus. It took them about 5+ minutes to bring the other half of us menus. We then proceeded to wait 20+ minutes to leave because no one ever came back to us to ask for our drink order or even acknowledge that we were sitting there waiting for service. It was also a really hot day out and there was no kind of AC in the place. We know the staff could feel it to because they were just standing around in the shade not paying any attention to the customers just gossiping.
As we walked out the hostess says "leaving so soon?" And we said yes no one even cared to help us and she rolled her eyes and gave us a whatever kind of look and we just kept on walking out. Never again will I try and eat here. Instead go a block down and eat at the Cameilla Grill they were amazing!When I think of NOLA I automatically think of GOOD food. This place is right in the center of it all, but the food sucks, BIG TIME. The food came out luke warm, the food wasn't fresh, the rice wasn't fresh, it was crunchy. The waiters were all over the place, there's NO direction in this place, but my waiter was on point. She made sure we were taken care of, when i checked in with Yelp, we got a free offer of either bread pudding or a glass of wine, we opted for the bread pudding, which came out nice and hot, and quite tastey. Probably won't be back.Went to this restaurant last night about an hour before closing.  Service was fast due to NO ONE being there.  The food was typical Cajun/ Creole with some other added flare.....see their website for more details.Went there for the Gumbo the day after Christmas. Service was not good. Waitress was always in a rush. Rush to take order, to explain dishes. Had to hunt her down for water refill and bill. Food quality was very average. Prominent location near the market seemed to be attracting customers off the street.Service was horrible. Food was overpriced. When I go out to eat I want the restaurant to make food that I cant make. The Cajun Creole sampler was something I could make with some rice and pre-made sauce mix. No refills on soda. Disappointed that I wouldn't give 1 star but had to for yelp.This place sucks. Looks good on the outside cause it's right by the river but when you walk inside it is far from that. It's half in a strip mall and you can see people walking by doing shopping it's just really odd. The food tastes like garbage. Service was really shitty and the place was kind of run down. I asked the server what jambalaya was and she replied "it's rice with shrimp." "You don't know what jumbalaya is?!!" In a very bitchy manner. I am not from the south or New Orleans. How am I supposed to know? You're the sever it's your job to tell me what the native food is. Stay away from this place, I will never come here again. I should have gone to another place!The food was generally good. We also had a great server that night. The red fish, fried oysters and fried catfish was delicious. The gumbo though, not so good.As a chef I admit that yes, I do have a slightly higher standard of food...but this place was bad...everything was fried and the oil used was clearly old and should have been changed about 2days ago. Then to top it all off, after we got our main courses our waitress (Rebecca) came over and says that there system went down and that we had to pay in cash! I had to get up from the table and walk a block to the nearest ATM.... by the time I returned my food was luke warm at best... needless to say I did not finsh even half to plate....dosent matter where you are at, this way of running a business is simply unacceptable.Service was horrible, waitress disappeared several times, had to ask other servers around for refills!  Then she added 18% for tip, we were waiting on change and host asked us to get up so he could seat someone else!!  We ate at other restaurants where quality was much better!  Worst dining out experience in NOLA!wThe blackened redfish is fantastic. Was in New Orleans 3 + 1/2 years ago and had this dish twice. Came back now, went out of our way to return, and just as great! You have to try. Melissa was a fantastic server as well! Will be back.Surprisingly enough - this was the best gumbo in NOLA that I tried.  
Very touristy.  We only went for the gumbo on a recommendation from a local.Well... I have a lot to say about this place. After being turned away from 3 other places on a Saturday night because of a "backed up kitchen" we were lucky to find refuge at the Gumbo Pot. The host was friendly so we had high hopes. Unfortunately we were ignored until we had to flag down a waitress who told us she would find out who our waiter is and get them "in trouble." Things were looking up finally. She came back shortly and said she would take care of us because the other waiter didn't want to work anymore... She made some other comments that made us smile. Definitely looking up. We ordered the BBQ Shrimp appetizer, the gumbo, and the Creole Sampler dinner. After having the BBQ Shrimp at Deanie's this was definitely nowhere near as good... In fact it almost shouldn't be called BBQ shrimp. It wasn't terrible, just... meh! The gumbo was good. As for the creole sampler, the jambalaya was the best part. The crawfish étouffée was ok and the shrimp creole I could've done without (too tomatoey & not enough seasoning.) I have an overall mixed review but I don't think I would return. There are much better choices in the French Quarter.The blackened redfish was better than last night's Redfish Grill and the chicken andouille gumbo was fantastic. Terrific place for dinner before a paddle wheel cruise.ok folks, this place is about as touristy as tourist gets, so know that when before you even go. its definitely not there for the locals! but with that being said, as a die hard local, i gotta say i was impressed with the gumbo, which is really good, and with their version of bbq shrimp. prices are reasonable (for those who think it too expensive, get a clue!), the location is great, and the service is pretty good, plus they open for breakfast, and serve a fairly good breakfast. for the idiots that complained about the fries being bland....come on, they're french fries, if you think they are bland there are more than enough condiments provided for you to make them whatever you want them to be! great place to grab a bowl of good gumbo and some seafood. don't come here expecting gourmet fare and you should be pretty pleased, and it's easy on the walletme and hubby came here for dinner, the gumbo is salty and extremely salty. When we order the "catfish salad", my hubby told the waitress that he want his CATFISH well fried. Ok. So after almost 35 minute waiting (unacceptable), they delivered CRAWFISH salad, when we tried to tell them we order catfish not crawfish, one of the black waiter told me" you sure? you sure it not your delusion mind? He think it funny, i think it mean and racist. Just because we are Asian, does not mean we cant pronounce CATFISH right, and hey, he is not the one who took my order at first. The food is terrible, the service is awful, when we tried to ask for to-go box, another waiter asked me " You sure you want these to-go back to your hotel??" Sure, jack-ass, Sure if you have to pay over price for 30 $ red fish, 8$ for a small cup of gumbo and 25 $ for a salad, yes, no kidding right?. Not recommeded. Please, do not come here.Had breakfast here,. Creole Breakfast and Lost Toast.  Not all that bad.  I am a grits fan so the grits were pretty good.  Lost toast is their version of French Toast.  A po-boy bun made into French Toast.  Pretty good.  Service was so so.  Food was decent.  Outdoor Dining with a nice patio.Was excited to eat here, given the name of the place i thought the gumbo would be good if not delicious-was so disappointed! i ordered the creole combo which consisted of the crawfish etouffee, jambalaya and shrimp creole and the seafood gumbo. the chicken in the jambalaya was so dry i could have chocked on it, the etouffee was decent and the shrimp creole tasted like shrimp cocktail but on a plate, the seafood gumbo was something you would get at a chain restaurant like Pappadeaux's. the price was not worth the food it was overprice for mediocre food. wont come back, to top it off the waitress gave me the bill while i was still eating and i wasn't even half way done with my meal, then i waited 15 mins for her to come back and run the card, i had to wave down another waiter who spoke with the host who finally got the waitress so we could pay our bill. 2 stars because the food wasn't bad but it wasn't good the waitress was decent at first and very lacking at the end.
if you want good gumbo at a good price go to The Original Coffee Pot - Gumbo on St. Peter St.Food was good. Customer service was horrible! I have never gone to a restaurant where the waitress treated you like she was giving you charity food. Everyone else with other servers got a french bread and butter and a flag for the 4th of July fireworks and we did not. Didn't think it was for everyone until we encountered the other customers. Horrible!Digusting food.. I got the seafood gumbo and it was far worse then mediocre. Barely any seafood and the flavor was so bad.. Tasted like something from a can. It was my first time in NOLA and this place looked like it was good.. I wished I Yelp'd it first. Never going backThe food was okay and the prices were pretty high for what you got. The shrimp in the gumbo was cooked well but the rice was a bit undercooked and the sauce was average. The red beans and rice was pretty good. The kids got shrimp poboys that were tasty. It wasn't that busy but our waiter seemed overwhelmed. I think he was acting as bartender also.First of all they deserve only 2.5 stars but i'll throw a bone and round up.  It's just too easy to come to and fro Jax and the pier and stop at this place.  I've been several times and they are all over the food road.  It's truly one of those hit or miss joints and I really think their location is what keeps the doors open.  The servers have always been good, though.  As routine would have it, I order bread.....they have no bread, but at this point I think that's more my truman show luck than anything else...(see my review on buttermilk drop and the one about elotes for a helluva laugh).Forgot what had..... it was a sampler of everything around like $20. The Tartar Sauce was Kicking though! The Gumbo was Good you can get your rice on the side. Wouldn't  come back..... only because  I want to try other places around it. Food was  Great and Service was Kinda Fast..... I times it. Food came out Hella Fast.Okay, we must have passed this place like 100 times in all of our trips to New Orleans.  Either going to the Mississippi river, JAX, public parking, or just walking up the street to café du monde... and every time it was just a passing "hmm, wonder if they are any good?".  
Was it so amazing that I stripped off all my clothes and went running into the French Quarter, screaming that people must have this prior to the rapture?  No.  But was it good enough for a table of 9 to sit and have a meal that not only were there zero complaints, but food was actually being passed around for tastings??  You bet!!
We had a large group, but decided to skip the appetizer.  I think people we more curious about cocktails and possibly dessert anyway.  So we went straight from drinks to meal orders.  For this occasion, and it being a lunch, I decided to keep it simple with a shrimp po-boy.  The shrimp were small, but at least plentiful (falling off), and it was served with the expected lettuce and tomato.  All was very good, bread soft, thick, perfect for a po-boy.  And the shrimp not only provided the right texture, but had a good flavor too.
Everyone definitely enjoyed their food and plenty of it was passed around with "oh taste this" or "wow, yeah, you gotta try this" comments being made.  So I'd say we made a good choice, and if you're looking for a simple and tasty option, then I'd definitely recommend you make the same choice.  :)This was the first spot that my group and I visited to eat when we landed in New Orleans. It was a little before noon, so some of us ordered breakfast while the rest of the group had gumbo/lunch. 
I ordered the Creole Breakfast which included eggs with creole sauce, biscuits, and gritz. Wasn't too happy with my order since the creole sauce (that was supposedly spicy) was not spicy! Major disappointment as the whole dish itself was just very bland and not at all filling.
The biscuits were tasty, though. 
Service wasn't so bad, but the people who work there should be more knowledgeable because when food was brought to our table, they didn't even know  what dish it was when we asked. (Really?) -___-The food was great the service not so much. We were a group of 5 when the bill was delivered the waitress had put everything on one ticket and had added herself an 18% gratuity. It clearly states on the menu that tables of 6 or more will be automatically assessed an 18% gratuity. We called her out on the one ticket and made her split our tickets amongst us...we never, we repeat never asked for everything on one bill.  I also had water with my sandwich (free I am assuming) when she brought me out a refill she had brought me a sprite (3.75 on the menu).....old trick..
None of us were trying to be cheap our table of five ( not six )  spent 160.00 (with 18% gratuity added) I'm not sure what it came out to after she  stumbled about bringing us our seperate checks (still wrong).
Great food.....Shady service.
I was in the service industry myself when I was younger and I find her actions deplorable.
Enjoy the food, but check your receipt carefully.Extremely slow service and terrible food. The shrimp Po Boy I had gave me food poisoning. Stay away from this place.Soo much potential this place has . Maybe it was a bad day. I feel like it starts with management , very unorganized it seems , we the consumer suffered. I would share the servers name but I believe since he saw a 6 top full of early 20s adults he was under the impression he wasn't gonna b tipped. Our bill was written as if we were at a waffle house and the total was rounded to the nearest dollar. After unclean silverware & a meal that tasted spoil the manager attempted to make our day better but failed . 
When dealing with tourists or first time guest im a firm believer of " great service can make up for a bad meal but bad service cant make up for a good meal " 
I would like to say when I return to New Orleans id come back but i dont hold the desire to & at the moment i wouldn't recommend it to friends back home .This was the worst meal I had in new orleans. Shrimp was cold not de veined rice was not cooked I would stay away. Wow it was not even just bad it was gross! I am not a picky eater either. Stay away...They did not accept the yelp checkin coupon for a free wine with an entree. Food was really mediocre. Highly recommend Felix instead. Rude staff . Will never go again.This place is called the gumbo pot so you'd think it'd be something worthwhile. Instead it was quite subpar. I ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo and crab cakes, both of which were not really that good. 
The service was good though.Great waitstaff. And great stuffed crap!  Awesome bread pudding with chocolate and whipped! Best part because it was free with a check in coupon from YELP!!!Server was GREAT! Gumbo was mediocre. Had brunch for 4 people and bloody Mary's. Ticket was 192.00 tip not included. Bloody Marys had to cost 12.50 each. Wayyyy overpriced. I had a 23$ shrimp and oyster platter. There were 6 small - medium shrimp and 6 small oysters and like a lb of fries. Won't go back.Been here 3 or 4 times before, received good service. Tonight we show up 35 minutes before closing and they tell us we are closed. They seated their last table. WTF! Its 9:25. No apologies, no recommendations. This used to be a must when we came to New Orleans but not anymore.This place was awesome!  Our service was excellent. I'm always so excited when I get great service because I'm very particular about customer service. The Bacon Bloody Mary was fantastic! The Mint Julep was devine!  We had Gumbo Ya Ya - its the best on town. I did not much like my crawfish etoufee and the happily exchanged it for red beans and rice. Wow, the red beans and rice was wonderful. I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting like us. Kudos to the staff!!!We really wanted this to be good. Nope. Came for dinner. We were told there would be a 20 min wait, we asked  if we could eat it the bar. The host seemed confused, and said "Yeah, but there is a 20 min wait". We saw coming around the restaurant that bar was empty. After walking all day I asked if we could just go sit in the bar. He said, "Oh yeah, that you can do." Ok? So we sit in the bar. As we come in we are yelled at by the bar tender, "Excuse me, can I help you?!?" Like we are not allowed in. Told him we were told we could sit at the bar. "Oh, ok." I counted two wait staff and two occupied tables. No problem, maybe there is a problem with the kitchen. He proceeds to yell at every party that comes in the exact same way. We ordered, food was mediocre. As I was about to ask for our bill, the bartender left to go outside for about 20 min. So we just sat and patiently watched a roach climb around the liquor bottles until he returned. I could tell this guy is having a bad night, but wow. This place clearly is struggling with some issues. If you're on vacation, don't waste a meal in NOLA here. Every other meal in this city has been incredible.I stumbled by this place because it has a nice open seating area and I was with my pooch.  The service was very good and after sitting down I decided to see what folks had to say/what to order.  Needless to say the reviews didn't have me excited but frankly I thought they missed.  Everything was very good.  Especially enjoyed the grits.  And overall a good open spot for breakfast.great service, excellent food.  Yes I was in New Orleans and ordered a salad,but oh what a salad!  Wanted gumbo, but it had okra so i had to pass.  Salad jayne sounded good and it was worth it.  big salad with shredded crab and  about 10-12 HUGE  shrimp.  I loved it.  Will order it again next time i'm there.We went here on a Saturday morning after a long night on on Bourbon street. Needless to say we needed some good stick to your ribs breakfast, a beignet just wasn't going to do it.  My husband and I both got the eggs, bacon, and grits breakfast.  We both agreed that the grits were the absolute best grits ever.  The bacon was excellent as well. I had never had deep fried bacon, I am a fan.  Overall, this was a good stop. We will definitely go back, they were starting their gumbo as we were leaving, my husband wants to go back for that. The smell of it throughout the restaurant was delicious.
The decor is also a great treat.Food is good, not great but good.  Clean relax environment.  If you cant find some ranked higher or they are full, this place will do.My man and I stopped in here spontaneously one day because we were hungry and it was the first thing I seen. I honestly didn't think any place was bad in the quarter. However, I was wrong! We ordered a simple catfish dinner and shrimp dinner and it was alll so bland. I didn't think it was something you could mess up on.. the place was empty when we arrived which should've been a sign..If there was an option for zero stars, I would have rated it zero. This restaurant was a horrible experience. In fact I have never completed a rating on yelp before but I felt that I should warn others to stay away. Our ticket was over $40 for lunch and the only part I could eat was the frozen french fries. The only thing this place had going for it was the hardest working bus boy I've ever seen.The worst dinning experience here. The food was under  season and a very pricey menu. I would stay Away. There are better choices at the same pricesNot good, but not horrible. The food was mediocre at best, but the worst part was, a few of the waiters were bickering over tables in front of the customers.Meh!  Should have read the reviews first.  Service was so so.   We ordered the po boy burger and a cup of gumbo ya ya.   The burger was huge and luke warm just like the gumbo.  The shrimp sat on top of the gumbo so i do think it was cooked with the roux.  Probably so it can be made to order.  My bf needed mustard for his burger.  I waved at a waitress who I know saw me.  She ignored me.  A busboy asked if she saw me.  I told him I'm pretty sure she did.  He went to tell her again, and she ignored him.  She never came to see what I wanted.  She was an Older lady with glasses.  Wish I had gotten her name.   Just straight ignored me.   Anyways,  i'll never be back.   Once again, the yelpers got it right.   
Ps.... The hurricane was on point.   Thats the only reason they got a 2 star review.   What a waste.First, let me say the food here is not good.  I ordered the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo.  There was one slither of chicken and zero sausage.  When I asked the waitress if what I had was the correct gumbo she said yes but would take it back to get sausage in it.  She brought my original gumbo back with 4 circles of sausage on top of it.  So I had bland roux, slither of chicken, and 4 sausage circles.  No flavor to it whatsoever either.  I also ordered the jambalaya.  Rice wasn't cooked thoroughly, lacked flavor or anything resembling creole/Cajun food.  My daughter ordered the crawfish étouffée.  Same story on the rice, crawfish was definitely frozen, étouffée was very watered down.  It also was very bland.  Now, if that wasn't enough, our waitress attempted to scam me!  I was in such a hurry to leave due to my extreme disappointment of the food that I gave her my card before she brought the check...something I've done many times before at other places.  I knew my total should be around $50.  She came back and said the machine was down and she couldn't run my card.  She then asked me to go to the ATM machine outside and get cash to which I refused because of the fees I'd be charged to use it.  I asked her the total and she said $62.60.  I asked her if she said $62.69 and she said yes.  She immediately said let me talk to my manager.  She comes back and asks me if I'm ok without a receipt because it won't print one.  I said absolutely not.  She comes back in a couple of minutes with my receipt and the printed itemized copy of my bill.  I said how nice it started working and she didn't seem happy.  They weren't alerting other customers paying with cards of this issue either so I know she was doing this to me.  Btw, my bill was $52.50.  I will NEVER go back there nor do I recommend this place to anyone.  There are far better places to eat in NOLA than this and I'm confident they won't try to scam you.Terrible shrimp and grits and service was poor. We were unhappy with a salad and sent the salad back, but were still charged. Overpriced and terrible seafood. I do not recommend coming here. Overrated.Ohhhh my, the gumbo ya ya was fantastic. After spending a week in New Orleans, this was the best gumbo I had all week, and I had a lot of gumbo. My wife really liked her shrimp po boy, and the service was good, although it was not very crowded. 
At first, we thought the place looked like a chain, but it has a personal touch, and the prices are fine, my bowl of gumbo was under $10.Walter had the best customer service!  We loved the Creole Combo, ya ya gumbo and catfish and oyster platter between our party. Sharing was easy too. Everyone loved it all!  Oysters were my favorite!!!!So I was called a "cheap ass weirdo"...and  furthermore telling me to ask wait person for seperate checks...okay...lol
We did ask for seperate checks.  She was sheisty end of story.   The table behind us was also carefully scanning their bill as well as it was obviously  inflated as well. 
You weren't there, you don't know.
None of us is, was,  or has ever been "cheap"
My review was honest.
I stand by my statement. 
Decent food,  sheisty service.
So go look for some more scathing responses under your bridge troll. 
"Cheap ass"...lol
Get a life
Merry Christmas.This is a restaurant that goes strictly on their formula of how they prepare their food and their process to deliver it.  Don't expect them to deviate!
The food is okay.  They bank on tourists and having a very convenient location.  They would not accommodate a request for a combo shrimp and oyster po boy because " they never deviate from the menu" and the menu only has a one seafood po boy!
Service was slow but the waitress was nice.  The seafood gumbo was just okay- I've had much better.  The bread pudding was sub par!
The manager would not make any accommodations when we spoke with him- he just claimed that " that is how it's been" since he joined the company- no special orders.I had the bacon Bloody Mary. It was AWESOME. Ordered the seafood gumbo. It was really good. They would have gotten more stars but charges $2 for bread to dunk into the gumbo. REALLY????  I have never been charged for bread before. The hostess was not friendly and welcoming. Felt like we were bothering her. Our server was nice I think his name is Jamel. Bartender was very friendly and helpful. Over all would have liked a better experience for our first place we visited on our vacation.This place is world famous from how horrible it is. I've worked in restaurants for years and you just don't treat other human beings the way we were treated. Kitchen was solid for being a tourist trap but the "world famous" hurricane was post hurricane bad, we told the hostess to move us because of bad weather (told her twice to sit us inside).  After sitting for an hour, watching tables larger than us get food, and a server chase down a couple for a lack of tip we were moved indoors. Food ended up getting in at the 1:30 minute mark.  Like I said it was decent for a tourist trap. If you're desperate IHOP serves all day. Do not eat here until management changes!!!By far the worst place I hav been...service sucked. I tried to return a dish that I took 2 bites ( the jambalaya )I told the manager that the taste of bay leaves was over whelming. She replied "I'm sorry u ate more than half".. I replied ma'am I didn't even eat the shrimp. ..thas where ya money at not the rice".. she walked off said sorry but if u didn't like it u should not have played with it and walked off...so yes this place gets a big fat 0Never EVER!!!! EVER AGAIN! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME! I show more hospitality in my own home... And the manager is black with almost all black waiters. Unless you are white and/or older white person don't you dare!!! sooo upsetI have to tell you about Lynette. We were walking to our car from the french quarter and my mother started to over heat. Lynette let us sit down and served us some water even though she knew we had no intention of eating. She also chatted with us for a minute. Very sweet lady. I will be eating here next time I'm in the quarter.Very delicious food and friendly customer service. Jasmine was the best and made sure we were happy with our meal! The gumbo was a little cold and we asked her to microwave it and she offered to give us a brand new dish. Very happy with my experience here!I'll try to keep it short on this one. 
When I was in NOLA back in April I visited that restaurant. I love it-from the atmosphere-the food to the people. 
Now the food Omg was so good. I ordered the shrimp PO' Boy and the gumbo. 
(if you don't know what a Po' Boy/gumbo is then I suggest you google it-sorry)
The people were very friendly (of course I was in the south)-the ambiance was nice and welcoming. 
The price for the foods was very reasonable. 
The only regret I had was the fact that I didn't go there my first day when I first got there. 
I will definitely go back again.I was so disappointed with the food. I'm from Louisiana, so I know how crawfish etoufee and boudin balls are supposed to taste. The crawfish were small and tasteless and looked like they had come from a frozen package. The sauce was a dark roux which tasted like a thick flour paste. The boudin balls tasted like they were made with minced meat. The bread pudding was dense and dry. Way too high of a price. Quality really bad. Probably the worst I have had in New Orleans in years.Wife and I decided to give a try to these place for lunch, we arrive and our hosts was a bit rude with us she took our drink order rite away we order a lemonade and rite away she wanted to take our order, I find it a lil bit odd that a host wanted to take our order, then our waiter came in and apologized he was bit busy with another table, he gave us good recommendations the wife went for jambalaya and I did the creole plater and let tell you I was in heaven eating flavors were there everything was delicious no complains at all our waiter wave off the drinks do to the bad moment that we had with the host. That customer service. Good place to have lunchExcellent service, great location, pretty good food. We had a cup of the seafood gumbo and the catfish plate. Our food came out very hot, which I loved. The gumbo was fantastic and the catfish was pretty good. We were pleasedBad food, bad service. We went about brunch time they advertise breakfast until 3pm. My eggs were over done my buscuit was cold and hard. My boyfriend had jumalaya and the rice was hard. Waitress was rude and her solution was to go warm thing up. Don't go here!Awful. I live in New Orleans but somehow never tried The Gumbo Pot. I had heard good things, so I was REALLY disappointed. I had a shrimp po-boy and my sons has hamburgers and fries. Everything on our plates came out of the freezer. It was bland and tasteless. I also had a Bloody Mary that was bland. I had to put hot sauce in it to give it any flavor and, while I wasn't looking for something to put me on the floor, I don't think it had a drop of alcohol in it. All this and the price - I paid $62 for a shrimp po-boy and fries, a hamburger and fries, and a kids hamburger and fries and the drink. The ONLY reason I gave it the one star was because we were seated quickly and the food came quickly. Of course, it doesn't take long to take a bag out of the freezer.The food here is so much better than the service. We went 2 days in a row for a very late breakfast (they serve until 3pm) and the service just was very lacking. The first day the hostess basically waited on us because the man who was supposed to be, I believe his name was John, was just too busy to be bothered to check on his customers. The 2nd day the service was better but there were arguments between waitstaff happening in front of customers. 
Now, onto the good... The Bienville omelette is delicious. I got it and grits both mornings and could probably have eaten it every day if it was an option. It had shrimp and onions and green peppers and I believe it was an andouille cornbread dressing on top. I couldn't finish it either day it was so big but it was delicious. Their creamy grits were also very tasty. I have never found grits that I like (being from Indiana, grits aren't a staple or very good!) and these were also delicious. 
The food might bring me back but the service definitely left me looking for other options!My last lunch in New Orleans was at the Gumbo Pot.  With a name like that, I figured the Gumbo Ya Ya had to be the way to go.  I was right.  However, the rest of my group wasn't sure on what to order.  I was impressed when the wait staff offered to grab small samples of a few menu items to help us decide.  Everything tasted awesome and we ended up ordering a good variety of options.  That earned extra points in my book and makes Gumbo Pot a strong recommend for lunch!