AMAZING!!! The gumbo shop is the definition of deliciousness. The gumbo was outstanding! The jambalaya was fantastic!The Po-boy sandwiches are incredible and are served with homemade kettle chips. Don't forget to try the bread pudding! Our server was Michael P. He made us feel like family! I highly recommend the Gumbo Shop for your authentic New Orleans dinning experience!!!Ordered the combination dinner which came with seafood gumbo, an entree of jambalaya & red beans and rice. 
The food was bland and arrived warm. I think it was way too crowded for the server to remember me sitting in the window table. 
The bread pudding was super yummy, sweet and sticky with loads of cinnamon and vanilla sauce. It was very good.First restaurant I ever went to on my very first visit to NOLA!  Since that first bite, I have gone back every time I go to New Orleans, its a staple for me.  First off, be patient, because when its packed, the line is so long!  But its totally worth it.  Once inside, be prepared to feast, feast and feast!!!  The ambiance is super cute.  There is seating inside and out in a small courtyard.  
My staples when going are:  The bloody mary to drink, the trio (which comes gumbo, jambalaya and red beans and rice), and the bread pudding for dessert!!  I leave breathing fire... but soooo worth it!!  I don't even live in Louisiana, but when I go to NOLA, this is the place I must always go to.  The seafood gumbo is always on point.  Perfect amount of okra to shrimp.  The red beans and rice is perfectly spiced and spicy.  And the jambalaya is filled with deliciousness that I can't even stand it!  Spicy andouille sausage, mixed in with rice and spices.... I'm practically drooling right now.  And the bread pudding.  Forget about it.  Warm whiskey sauce poured on top, melting into the soft, warm bread pudding.  *sigh*.
I love this place so much, that my sister even got me the cookbook.  Oh yes, I make gumbo right here in my kitchen.  Favorite place to go... and a MUST GO for all!!!Very disappointed in the food and service.  The server was not informative regarding the off-the-menu options. We overheard other servers advising their tables regarding the daily specials, etc., but by this time we had already ordered.  Based on reviews we read online decided that our choices would be fine.  Initially the food came out incorrect and lukewarm.  
We had the seafood combo, shrimp étouffée  nothing special, the bread pudding average and drinks ok.  
The location and ambience were nice, and the host and especially the busboy who by the way was more attentive and polite than the actual server, made up for some of the disappointment.  Even though we tipped the server 20% , it was not based on the actually experience.  
Based on the overall experience I can only give this establishment a 2.5 out of 5.I went there recently for dinner for my husband & some friends of ours.  We were seated immediately, which was nice.  The menu looked great and it was hard to decide what to order, since a number of things looked really good!  I finally opted for the Crawfish Etouffee & my husband ordered a combo plate with Shrimp Creole & Jambalaya.  Both our dishes were really good; the etouffee had TONS of crawfish & wasn't all that spicy (which some people might prefer) but there were a couple of different hot sauces on the table for you to up the heat to your liking.  
The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars, is due to the service.  Our server was quite snippy the entire dinner.  My friends all thought she was downright rude.  I ordered my iced tea, drank it within a few minutes since we'd been out walking around most of the day.  Most of my friends drinks were completely empty as well - and stayed that way for over 15minutes.  Even after our food was served, and I started eating, there was still no attempt made to refill our table.  Finally 5 minutes into my meal, I flagged our server down and politely asked for a refill on my tea.  To which, in an irritated tone, she responded that "yeah, it's coming...I was just bring that other table their food, and getting the check for this other table..."  The same response was given when someone else asked for bread and someone else asked for a spoon.  OKay - I don't want a play by play of your job, I just want my tea refilled, like once, the entire time I'm sitting there.  Not to mention, this is going on 20 minutes with a totally empty glass.  
Would we go back, yes, the food was great.  We'd just make sure to get a different server next time.Just got back from a trip down to cajun country.  I have eaten at the Gumbo Shop on previous visits to NOLA.  We grabbed a seat after the lunch hour  and there wasn't a long wait.  As usual I ordered the The seafood Okra Gumbo which was very good.  Served with bread made this meal very filling.  To round off the lunch , I had the Bread Pudding.  Will return in the future.really good gumbo (no surprise) great french bread. A beautiful setting in an old building, murals grace the walls. A very nice experience.Decent food but rude and unpleasant attending staff and waitress. Observed her making faces and throwing attitude at other customers as well as us. Not a good sense of hospitality and would not go back to the restaurant, the food is not worth the rude treatment!!!!!!We went to this restaurant and it was crowded the person that greeted us and sat us her name is Jessica was a love. We both loved the food we ate my husband had a plate that included soup/entree and dessert. I had the sausage and it was also good. What I liked about the place is the ambiance. We spoke to the guests on both sides and enjoyed conversations we had.  I left wanting to come back before leaving. Mike was great and as busy as he was he made sure our drinks were always filled. For anyone visiting New Orleans this is the place to come. There are so many other things that looked and sounded good. Enjoy ....Reasonably priced, reasonably good Creole food.  Nice atmosphere (though a bit crowded...though that adds to the ambiance:  we were here for a conference, and as nearly as I could tell, everyone in that area of the dining room was at the same conference, so we got into some nice conversations)An absolute fan of this place!! In a great location - perfect spot for dinner with a group. We came around 8pm on a Thursday night and the place was full but still managed to get seats. We started with the alligator and crab cake appetizers - the crab cake was absolutely delicious - no clue what they dressed it with but it tasted sooo good! The alligator was good - slightly dry but I think that is just how the meat is.. came in a sausage form. I had the jambalaya for my main course and man  was I blown away! It was SO good. I stuffed myself trying to finish the whole thing. Our waiter was awesome and brought over a warm bread pudding in whiskey sauce on the house! The cocktails were good here as well, strong and sweet  just the way they like it in the south! haha - I recommend this place to anyone who is in the area!Three words..... ROAST BEEF PO-BOY!!!!!
Highly recommended! The line to the restaurant spoke for itself. Out the door and onto the crowded cobble stoned streets. I'm telling you now, it is well worth the wait. My mouth watered as I watched people being served through the glass door entry. The buss boys were working overtime to prepare tables for waiting customers. As we  were seated, dim lights and paintings on the wall gave this restaurant a warm southern atmosphere. It's not lunch or dinner and the place is crowded. Out of the six of us, five of us ordered Gumbo while I wanted a to try the Po-boy. It was highly recommended from a friend who is a Louisiana local. The sandwich was soft on the inside of a crispy bun. Using ketchup or any sauce would be a crime. It was served with a side of fries, which I didn't really care much for, but it didn't matter because it was a great meal at an affordable price. I will most likely be stopping by once more for Gumbo. The only disappointment was that I didn't order Gumbo!!!This is the chef of the Gumbo shop talking about the history of Gumbo and how he created the menu. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FNwP9C_qcA
The chef  explains  that Gumbo was created for lent because NOLA is a Catholic town.  http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/GumboHistory.htm
Leave  it to Catholics to find  a way to make something  that is supposed to be a sacrifice into something considered to be a treat not a sacrifice.
I choose the Gumbo shop because I am  deathly allergic to shell fish  and I wanted to try  Gumbo in NOLA and not another city. The Gumbo shop has  selections for those like me who are allergic to shell fish.
My friend  Sue H   says "This is a good place to go if you want a meal with local flavor."
 http://www.yelp.com/biz/gumbo-shop-new-orleans-2#hrid:cUdKjHf3NtcrdzY9LnFnXw
 I have had Gumbo before I have  even made it but I wanted to try it where it is authentic.
But I ended up not being able to eat  much because I got sick. (not due to the  Gumbo shop) But what I did have  was  great! My hubby had a seafood okra Gumbo and he loved it!
He  also had a Shrimp Poboy and  loved it so much! He looked for one in NYC but  all of the pictures were just  Hero's with shrimp adding  lots of lettuce as filler (here in NYC) . At  the Gumbo shop it was rich in shrimp and  sauce. 
I had red beans and rice and a green salad and a few other things that  we didn't take pictures of. The red beans and rice were smoky and delicious!
It was one of my hubby's favorite meals in Nola. 
The service was a bit rushed.  But adequate.
There were always long lines for dinner when we went by. It is right in the French Quarter. It has a great location and great  food. My suggestions is to go for lunch the  lines are not as long.When arriving in New Orleans there's a few things you need to do; listen to some live music, try a multitude of cocktails and eat some traditional New Orleans cooking. While I didn't do as much as I would have liked of the first two, I certainly did the latter. So where do you go when you want some Gumbo? Well, The Gumbo Shop. 
I was put off initially because the line was always super long and while that's a great sign, when I was extremely hungry I didn't want to spend a lot of time waiting. That changed when I was nearing the end of my trip and knew I had to bite the bullet and wait in line. Luckily, it moved very quickly. 
The food was tremendous. I had the Chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo with a Strawberry Daiquiri. The portions (for both food and drink) were plentiful, the food extremely flavourful and filling, and the price wasn't that high either. The service, like everything I experienced in New Orleans, was plentiful, to a high standing and full of southern charm. 
I can't wait to get the chance to go back to New Orleans, and whomever I end up there with one of the first spots we'll hit is The Gumbo Shop.Had a little of a lot of things: chicken okra gumbo, Louisiana BBQ shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes and boudin with creole mustard. Everything was really good, and loved that you could get side dishes galore and try everything. Plus they give you plenty of po boy bread. Wait staff was super friendly and helpful too. Highly recommended for good Louisiana mealwent here for dinner in 11/13. didnt have to wait at all which was nice..kinda cramped and crouded in the area we were sat, but that was okay..took a little while to get the waitress to come to our table to ask for our drinks, but once she made it she was really nice..they were just pretty busy when we got there..ordered the blackened fish and mashed potatoes..was very good! enjoyed the bread on the table..also got the boudin for an app and it was super good! my friends got the spinach artichoke dip which was also tasty..they ordered the combo plate with red beans and rice, shrimp something, and gumbo..which they said was really good..overall this place was the best food i had while in new orleans so ide def go backOur waiter Michael was so nice and funny. He made the visit even better. The food was great & came in great portions. A little bit pricey overall but great seafood gumbo!It was pretty darn good! the only reason I'm only giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that I was really disappointed in the gator sausage. The chicken andouille gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and jambalaya were all really good but the shrimp creole was by far my favorite! My husband also got the red beans and seafood okra gumbo that he said was good. Don't forget dessert either, the parline sundae and warm bread pudding with whiskey sauce are pretty tasty but the  chocolate brownie pie with ice cream is the winner! The place is busy and the service is not the fastest so make sure you go before you get hangry.Best gumbo and creole dishes! We ordered the chicken gumbo and shrimp creole which were both amazing. Love places that leave out warm bread that's actually good before/with dinner.Great cozy place. Expensive food and ambiance at an affordable price. Excellent salad with blackened chicken and chicken andouille gumbo with bread are making me want to return to the big easy.  SAVE ROOM FOR THE WHISKEY BREAD PUDDING!yes, i am a gumbo shop alumni.  i hear they took the alligator sauce picant off the menu.  silly gumbo.  and i heard they no longer sell the garlic hot sauce. that was a bad move.  everyone loves the gumbo garlic hot sauce.  shame on the new owners. 
so, anyway, the red beans and rice will always help a hangover.  i see someone called it the worst cooking in new orleans - it's red beans and rice and basic river dwelling cajun food.  it's commisary style.  what were you expecting for $10?The Food was very delicious, especially the bread pudding, but the service was kind kind of bad. The server had a habit of disappearing and I had to ask other servers for my drinks and food. They also don't have air conditioning so it's hot and stuffy inside.Had the seafood gumbo and the chicken andouille  sausage gumbo which is supposed to be their specialty. It took FOREVER to come out and when I simply asked the waiter how much longer , he rudely said, "don't ask me, I'm not cooking it!". Excuse me?
Seafood gumbo had NO seafood in it, none. Made me wonder if they blend it or something? The chicken gumbo was better, but far from great. My daughter also had the jambalaya and that had 2 shrimp in it. I felt cheated.Amazing. Awesome gumbo and combination plate! The patio is very nice and Jamal our waiter was super friendly and attentive. I couldn't believe how fast we were sat and then 5 min later we were eating! Incredible service and food, will definitely come here every time I'm in New Orleans. By the time the bread pudding and chocolate brownie arrived we were already in a cozy food coma. Has beer.Ordered from the Creole sampler menu. For about $20, you get a selection of gumbo, 3 side orders, and a dessert.  The food experience was mediocre. I would have given this place 2 stars if it weren't for the crawfish etoufee and courtyard seating.Very very good jambalaya, shrimp creole a tad too saucy, red beans and rice with sausage excellent, super nice service, cool atmosphere and old school wall drawings, convenient. Bloody Mary hit the spot. I'd go back for take out.Everything great but didn't hear the specials (partially my fault). Sat in courtyard under a lovely umbrella. Very good drink and meal within budget.Wanted to like this place. Gumbo was salty. And the etoufee was salty and just warm. 
If place was in NYC where I'm
From would have given 3 stars but in NOLA this just doesn't cut it.Super duper touristy but what do you expect for the French Quarter. Great for a quality lunch but expect a crowd. I had seafood okra gumbo and it was delicious. They also serve you fresh baked bread to go along with it. I will definitely go back the next time I'm in the neighborhoodIf you're looking for simple, good cajun/creole food, this is the place to go. Not a great selection of draft bears, but the food was really tasty. If you're like me and not really a seafood (or river food for that matter) fan, it's a great place to go with your seafood loving friends/co-workers. I had a gumbo with chicken and sausage, which was great.We have been coming here for 30 years and will continue whenever we are in town. Service is kind and very helpful. We had the creole sampler (good except the jambayla was sticky and bland this visit) and redfish St. Peter (delicious), alligator sausage (yum), seafood gumbo (good) and bread pudding (a classic).  It was crowded but we got seated quickly.  Hard to get into and out of seats because tables are so close together. Probably could take out one table per row and solve the problem.I had high expectations of this restaurant and food was mediocre. It was missing that flavorful New Orleans taste. Ms. Brenda the server and the crab cake is the only thing that saved the 2 stars.Tourist trap yes.  I give it 2 stars for atmosphere.  Food was Cisco out of the box.  Jambayla was box mix with tomatoes paste base.  Presentation was lacking.  2 big balls on a plate.  Gumbo not better.  One note flavor   ..hot sauce was good need it to add to every dish.  Probably be better if I was drinking2 unforgettable items:  BBQ shrimp and the Pecan Vinagrette Salad Dressing.
New Orleans style BBQ shrimp are different than you would expect - there is no actual BBQ sauce, nor is a grill used.  The shrimp are baked (shell on, so you gotta work for it) in a seasoning and sauce concotion that is finger licking good.  Ask for extra bread to sop up the sauce.
The house salad is simple - lettuce and creole tomatoes mixed with a sassy pecan vinagrette.
If my memory is correct the BBQ shrimp weren't on the menu. I think our waitress mentioned them, so make sure you ask or call ahead.You will not go wrong with the blackened fish Po Boy. Outstanding and stellar service. Tip- Oceana's turtle soup is betterOMG - the best & I'm local.  Fantastic food & service.  Flavors are incredible.  There is often a line but worth the wait.  There is a BIG difference between Cajun & Creole New Orleans food.  Gumbo can be made in many, many different ways with vastly different recipes.  So, ask before you order.For the price you can't beat the value of the Gumbo Shop.  We were in New Orleans 4 days and found ourselves eating here twice.  Good solid Cajun menu, reasonable prices, small but good wine list, impeccable wait staff, very good food.
Tried the read beans and rice, crawfish étouffée, grilled boudin, pecan pie, and bourbon bread pudding.  All the food was spot on!Awful, simply awful. I was completely embarrassed at the poor quality of food when I had guests in town. We left starving because all nine of us didn't eat most of our food. Spinach dip? Um, had to be frozen w/store bought chips-had no flavor, no seasoning.
My roast beef po-boy-nasty. The dark brown gravy was joyless, tasteless, nothing I'd ever recommend. I have no idea how this place stays in business. After leaving there, we went and ate somewhere else an hour later. I have not been that disappointed ever when eating out here in NOLA.Came during my vacation to NOLA. And this is the best gumbo spot I had during my trip!! It was a great dining experience. I got the gumbo, sister got shrimp creole, and brother got the triple combo. It was filling and the French rolls at the beginning of the meal was a nice touch. Their bread pudding and pecan pie were amazing as well. Had the perfect amount of sweetness for three. Our server Tim was wonderful as well even though it was a busy evening.After an hour of walking tour in thunderstorms with no rain gears, my hubby and I am completely drenched from head to toes.  Instead of running back to our hotel for a change of clothes, we walked into this place for a nice lunch!  Maybe this happens a lot at NOLA, all of the servers did not even batting an eye.  I had the seafood and okra gumbo which I like a lot!  Hubby had the combo plate with Shrimp gumbo on left, crawfish étouffée on right, and jambalaya in the middle.  He cleaned the plate up!For drinks, we had Voodoo Mary and Hurricane which are both fantastic as well.  Would come back for sure if we are in town again.The setting and atmosphere is nice but a bit of a tourist trap. Few locals actually eat in the french quarter. Anyway between two of us we had the blackened fish, gumbo, crawfish étouffée, and pecan ice cream. Blackened fish was very good, everything else was average in that it was mass prepared and not very interesting.
The wait staff were nice and attentive and probably the best asset to the restaurant as opposed to the food we had. Worth a try but perhaps try more grilled and cooked to order itemsLegit one of the best meals I've ever had. Traveled all the way from LA and had this amazing meal. The chicken andouille gumbo and the étouffée were AMAZING. Don't forget about the bread pudding! Ask for Jamal...he's awesome and treated us so well!Food and service was great! Waiter was extremely friendly and helpful with food selection. I had the shrimp and okra gumbo, which was tasteful and hearty. Definitely one of the best gum is I've had while visiting NOLA :)At arrival, we were greeted with this line of people waiting to be seated.  It's a good sign that the food has to be good.  We waited for about 20 minutes, so that was too bad.  The party of 5 was seated by the check out counter so that was just as bad as sitting by the bathrooms.  We had people bumping into us because the place has jammed in as many tables as possible.
The waiter came to greet us and after he got our water, he disappears for a very long time.  20 minutes later, a waitress came by to tell me that she is relieving our waiter.  We were so hungry, we ordered quickly.  The food took forever to come out!   But the food was good so it took away some of the hunger aggression.
The gumbo was ok.  I remember gumbo tasting better.  The etouffee was amazing.  I don't know what went into it but it tasted so heavenly.  The gravy/sauce had this umami to it.    I wish I had it pumped straight into my veins.  It was so good.This is the first time my girlfriend and I tried Creole Cuisine. Being vegetarian, both of us were apprehensive of trying Caribbean food, considering how most of the menu was either sea food or meat based. There was a long line of people waiting to get in, but the line moved fast and we were seated within a half hour. Our waiter was both friendly and quick in bringing our food out to us. We ordered the veggie dish of the day (black beans and rice), with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and creamy spinach dip. The waiter recommended the vegan gumbo bowl appetizer and we decided to roll with it. Although simple, the food was flavourful and the fact that everything was served piping hot only helped! Would definitely recommend this to all vegetarians in town, the food is most certainly worth the wait!Go here. Go here now.  And when you get there, order the chicken andouille gumbo.
My friend and I stopped in for a small late lunch one day and loved the gumbo so much we went back the next day with another friend for lunch (and a much bigger serving of gumbo).
Hopefully you will be as lucky as we were and get Jerome as your waiter.  He instantly made us feel welcome and gave us some tips along the way to be sure we ordered the best way possible. Those tips included that the chicken andouille gumbo was his favorite and that when we ordered the bread pudding we should ask for pecans on top. Both pieces of advice were absolutely on point.  
The chicken andouille gumbo is amazing. I'm not really sure what else to say. Flavorful without being rich, filling, yummy. Get the bowl, you will not regret it. When you order you are given fresh and hot french bread. It is amazing and you will likely want more (I know we asked for more). We ordered a side of the creole creamed spinach and a separate dish of the macque choux corn.  The creamed spinach was okay but different from what I expected (a creamier/cheesier dish similar to what you would get at a steakhouse). The corn was pretty amazing and had onions and peppers in it. Side dish portions are small but sufficient.
We decided to do a calorie splurge on the bread pudding and it was 100% worth it.  Hot, soft, flavorful, sweet deliciousness. Get it with the pecans as Jerome recommended.
I loved this place.Always had great food here, every time I come year after year after year. Usually always a wait but well worth it. In the winter time sometimes you can get right in. Dreaming about going back :-)
Updating my review from four years ago. I have been trying to come back to this place for the last four years and every time I come to town can't come here because there's over an hour wait always :-( and I hate waiting in a restaurant line, not coming back.We were recommend The Gumbo Shop by some individuals and were very happy with it. The atmosphere was nice, the food was delicious. We got the Chicken Andouille Gumbo, one of the restaurant's signature dishes, the hot roast beef sandwich and the spinach and artichoke dip. We left with zero leftovers... Everything was delicious and the service was friendly. Would recommend to anyone visiting the area.The best view for enjoying Gumbo. Gumbo is so so... I ordered one cup of gumbo to takeaway. They gave me a nice bag as a souvenirWent for a late dinner. Service was fast and friendly. Decor was outdated (think 90s) and food was just average. For a quick dinner it was okay. Not my favorite food in NOLA...not even close! But the friendly staff made it a relaxing and nice experience.Don't be fooled by the "sandwich shop" sounding name, this place is f-ing delicious!  Brandon was warm and charming but had excellent suggestions!  Try the Blakened Fish Nuggets for an appetizer and have either the Creole Platter, the Chicken Gumbo bowl, or both!Not quite as good as I remembered from many years ago but the seafood gumbo is really solid.  The highlight might be the waitstaff.  A little cranky, a little kind, and loads of character.Expected more for the long waits we saw here, but it was good enough I guess.   We did get lucky when we went, as there were a handful of people waiting in front of us, but none were a twosome.  The next table that opened was for 2 and we got right in.  
Chicken susage gumbo - pretty good.  Sampler of jambalaya, crawfish estoufee and creole shrimp - ok, but nothing memorable and could have been spicier for sure.  Crawfish dish was kind of funky fishy tasting to me and my least favorite.  Bread that came to the table was satisfying and we ate it all, which we normally don't.
Overall, the food lacked anything special to stand out to us.  The food also came kind of luke warm, so that is always a negative for me.  The tables were cramped in close together too and didn't make it very personal/romantic.  The bathrooms, shared unisex and not that clean.Good place but not great. The gumbo itself was excellent but the rest of it was so-so. The catfish is average. Prices are good and the service is average as well. If you are going just for the gumbo, I would recommend it very much.I'd eaten here before and coming back I remembered why - it's just good food!! It's in a nice location and it's a very nice space. There's more seating than you would think at first glance, so if there's a little line don't sweat it. I was in a group of three and we all enjoyed the combo plate. I has had a shrimp remoulade salad as well - yummy!! Prices are very reasonable. I'm not going to call this a must stop, but the food is very good and if youl;re in the area you will not be disapoiinted.Amazing place, great food, highly recommend. Can't wait to go back! 
The waiting staff are all very nice and really helpful. 
The food is just out of this world, everything we ordered was greatThe best food I've had here in New Orleans and at a good price. Gumbo, Jambalaya and red beans and rice were all fantastic.OMG this was the worst ever! The blackened chicken which should've been flavorful was lacking taste and it was VERY dry! The gumbo was not all that by any means, and DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT GOING TO THE RESTROOM HERE! It was only the afternoon and they looked worse than any night club's bathrooms. I walked in and turned around and walked out! Pat O-Brien's bathrooms were immaculate and thank goodness for that too! Do not wast your time or money on this place!You should not miss this place on your next trip to Nola. The absolute best value in the quarter for positively perfect Low Country food. Wait til you taste the fresh-baked flakey bread. Their fresh fruit daiquiris are delicious too.So, we are in town for weekend. Now, I never eat at a restaurant unless I Yelp it first. So I was excited when the Gumbo Shop had 4 stars for over 1700 reviews. This is my wife's first time in New Orleans and I wanted her to really experience everything Cajun. So she got the Chicken gumbo and I got the Combo platter. That way she could taste four different versions of New Orleans.... Service was good, had Matt as our server. But the food was horrible. No salt or flavor at all and it was lukewarm. But when you order and your food comes out 4 minutes later what did I expect. It usually means there are so pre-made food that was just put on a plate and served to guest. I was very disappointed and the true highlight of my meal was the fresh bread. I left the restaurant regretting every single penny that was spent.Once more part of the southbound roadtrip I find myself passing through New Orleans, Louisiana. Of course, as a foodie you want to try what the area is known for. One of those things are gumbo and alligator. So as we walk around the French Quarter and after having finished the pilgrimage to Cafe du Monde, we ask a cashier as to what restaurant she suggests and she mentions The Gumbo shop. Without hesitation, we explore the French Quarter and find the place. The restaurant is conveniently located near the St. Louis church which is where we wanted to go after lunch. The entrance to the restaurant has its own charm as you walk through a short hallway, to the left you see an open air dining area and to the right you see a high ceiling spacious indoor dining are, you didn't thing possible. Our waitress was very pleasant and friendly. We decide to go with dishes we thought "local" to the region not state or city mind you! , crab cake, gumbo, alligator sausage and a slice of pecan pie. I asked about the sausage and pecan pie and was told both were made in the restaurant.
As we soak up the ambiance, we are given bread and butter as a starter, and the bread itself seemed to be able hold its own in taste and texture as it was wonderfully crusty and warm. As our ordered dishes arrived, we ate our meals and could only say..it was delicious. The crabcake, sausage, and gumbo was tasty and the pecan pie was great. TIP: I suggest ordering pecan pie heated and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and although the crab cake is not on the menu, ask about it or I think they have it as part of their house special. Overall it was a great experience.das some good eatin
cool courtyard areaGreat Red Beans & Rice, yummy Chicken Andouille Gumbo, and terrific service. Tyler, our server, was a sweetie! Thanks for a great dining experience!!Really good combo plate - jambalaya, shrimp and crawfish étouffée. Also the gator sausage app was great!! Had good, quick service. Would definitely recommend if you don't feel like waiting for a table at acme. 
Only reason I can't give 5 stars is because the seafood Gumbo had a slightly weird consistency - maybe slimy from the okra but it was a bit gelatinous compared to other gumbo I've had in LA.Oi! Food is AMAZING. If you ask for bread, they'll bring the po-boy style bread which is a piece of heaven and boy, we stuffed ourselves that night. I had a daily special daiquiri (honeydew) and that by itself was superb. I think I cleaned my plate with the bits and pieces of bread and joked with our cool waiter that I didn't have anything yet, where is my food? So so good food. My gf had the jambalaya (first-timer) and she said that it was really tasty and perfect in every way. Definitely coming back! Sit outside if you can in their little backyard area.The atmosphere was great!! It was very busy and a line to get in. Between the three of us we had steak, mashed potatoes, turnip greens, crab cakes, seafood gumbo, chicken andouille gumbo and warm bread pudding. Both gumbos were great, the crab cakes were excellent and the bread pudding was the BEST!  Even though it was crowded, service was not long and our waitress Jessica was awesome!!! I will be back especially for the bread pudding. The price points were very comparative.I checked out the Gumbo Shop as my first stop during my trip to NOLA. And wow, it definitely was a great introduction into the creole food of the area and the great flavors that I could expect while there. They bring out warm bread as a starter for the table, and I ordered a chicken and Andouille gumbo (promoted as a local favorite). You would think that a hot soup during a hot day would not be a great choice, but the wonderfully air conditioned venue allowed for this kind of paradox. The gumbo was delicious, hearty, and with the perfect amount of spice. I definitely recommend checking this place out!Without a doubt the best pasta I had ever had. If you don't know what to get, get the Crawfish and Pasta in Tasso Cream. Not only is the food great, so is the atmosphere and service. The day I get to return to New Orleans, I'm certainly coming back here.Overall it was decent. The services was really quick so no complaints and the food was decent. Nothing to go crazy overJust say no!  Remember this is geared for tourist.  I had a cup of chicken gumbo which was fairly good and red beans and rice which was okay.  My wife had the jambalaya which had too much tomatoe taste and must have come out of a box.  The atmosphere was great and service almost too quick, all made up  ahead of time.    The food was just not that good.  We will be eating somewhere out of the quarter next meal.What can I say....Gumbo was delicious?  I had the seafood gumbo and husband had the chicken gumbo.  It's been 20 years since I was here and nothing has changed.  It was great, fast and service was pleasant.I will give this spot a 5 star rating because of the waiter Jerome. He was exceptional to our large group.  He kept us entertained and made great suggestions.  The food was amazing.  Get the shrimp dish as an appetizer was delicious.  When you go ask for Jerome.Bread pudding.  Don't come here and not get the bread pudding.  There is probably some old LA law about coming to Gumbo Shop and not eating the bread pudding.  My gf and I came here everyday (sometimes twice) in our 4 night trip to the big EZ.
Oh, the other food is pretty good too.A+ for the Cajun food and the service.
My party of four arrived late Thursday evening - we started waiting in line at 8:15pm and got seated an hour later. Gumbo Shop closes at 10pm, so we were among the last people to be seated before they started turning the crowd away (be warned, it's in high demand and for good reason).
All of us ordered the classic gumbo entree, but we had to wait for a bit as the restaurant was nearing closing time. Our server was very empathetic and gave us not one, but two loaves of bread as appetizers! (The second loaf, as she said, was actually the restaurant's last loaf for the day. We were lucky.) 
The gumbo itself was hearty and oh-so-yummy. It had the right blend of meat, vegetables, and spices, and each spoonful led to the next. I probably wolfed down my bowl in five minutes, but that's what I do when the food is downright delicious. 
We also ordered bread pudding as dessert, which was a tasty end to our already very satisfying meal. The second surprise for the night, though, was that the dessert was on the house (most likely because we had to wait a while for the gumbo)! What a touching gesture.
Food is delicious, and the service was one of the most considerate I've seen in a while. I wish I remembered our server's name, but I will definitely remember the fantastic experience I had at Gumbo Shop.Voted as the top Cajun restaurant by locals:
This place is the ultimate eatery for a wide variety of Cajun foods.  The hospitality is with total class and friendliness.  The owner actually spends time at each and every table to share stories and positive experiences to enhance our own experience at the spot.  Courtyard feel in the warmer months is a plus!
If you are coming from out of town, the head chef will compliment special guests with $30 worth dishes for you to try.  You give them a thumbs up, they will continue to make you very happy.
The recommended dishes are the Chicken Gumbo, Jambalaya, Alligator Sausages plus the Cajun Honey Mustard Sauce.
Grab a plate and dig in...don't forget to get the recipe book on the way out!So stinkin good. I love me some gumbo, but you do don't get this kinda gumbo out in SF.
You line up to get in - it moved pretty fast. I got like the chicken/sausage gumbo - such good flavor. The garlic hot sauce was amazing. We all bought bottles and they were only like $3??? Crazy cheap.I heard about this place from a friend who'd been to New Orleans 5 times, and I gotta say they were spot on. The servers definitely try hard to see how you're doing and don't pressure you if you literally just get gumbo which is not always the case in some establishments. 
The food is honestly great and consistently good from what I ordered:
-Blackened catfish with garlic mashed potatoes: superb, just superb
-The Special blackened catfish or redfish with the crab cake in white sauce: The sauce was good but it doesn't make sense paying more for when you can just get the regular and it's just as good
-Blackened Fish Salad: also really good, they use romaine and had a good amount of veggies with a great portion of fish with an awesome sauce
-Jambolaya: I actually really enjoyed it, you can get a half and it's a good portion for 1 in conjunction with something else
-Gumbo: I personally liked it, even though it tastes sort of like clam chowder but with gravy and rice
-Bread Pudding: one of the better bread puddings and can be split between two but would rather get the beignets down the street from du MondePretty much as good as it gets for Gumbo, Shrimp Creole and all the usual favorites.  These guys do it right and the location is very cool.  Got to love the outdoor plaza in the back!
This is a can't miss stop when you are in New Orleans.YUM. That basically describes it. 
We came for lunch and had the gumbo sampler for $14.99 and the combo platter with shrimp creole, crawfish etouffeé and jambalaya for $16.99. Our server was Brenda, and we couldn't have dreamt up a more wonderful guide for our culinary adventure. 
Dine in the courtyard for what is surely a quintessential New Orleans experience.What a meal!!! We started with crab cakes and alligator sausage.  I have never liked alligator, but our awesome server Mykel, suggested  we try it, and I'm so glad she did!!!
Don't skip this great restaurant.!The seafood in New Orleans is on another level. My friend recommended this place which was walking distance from our hotel. We stood in line for about 15 minutes. Once we were seated, our waiter took our order quickly. I had the BBQ shrimp entree which was mouthwatering, full of jumbo shrimp and garlic. Delicious! My friend had the blackened chicken which she said was bland. I was happy though. Stick to the seafood!Never going back because of the terrible service. Usually stop in for lunch or dinner with out-of-towners staying in the french quarter, but I am never going back again. Waiter disappeared for very long stretches, did not bring enough waters, brought out the wrong food. At one point, we didn't see our waiter for 10 minutes so we asked another waiter if we could order something and he snapped at us "your not my table man! not my job to help you". Yeah that about sums it up.I visited this place over the labor day weekend. The places was crowded but the staff was at its best, welcoming people with smiles and once I sat they were very attentive. I ordered chicken gumbo bowl and creole creamed spinach. The chicken gumbo bowl was a curry dish with a scoop of rice at the center and had local spices on in it. Was really flavorful and I must say if you are in NOLA and looking for local food then definitely head out here.
Food: 9/10
Ambiance: 8/10
Service: 9/10Food was very good, not quite excellent but the atmosphere and the staff were great... Best server I had during my entire NOLA trip, and manager on staff made humorous small talk to me, an obvious tourist... Rather than the sideways looks from other places.  I will be back.  Recommend the alligator sausage special when they offer it.Started off with the Chicken Andouille gumbo and then had the Creole combination platter, which consisted of Shrimp Creole, Jambalaya, crawfish, and rice. Both dishes were very good. I had some of my brother's Filet Mignon, which - although a bit too rare for his taste after requesting it be cooked medium, had it brought back and it returned just right. In addition, the service was quick and efficient.For a restaurant in the French Quarter of New Orleans named "Gumbo Shop", their gumbo was quite unremarkable! It was broth over rice and little else. We also tried their Shrimp Po Boy. Instead of deep frying the shrimp, it was cooked in a tomato based sauce. Which in turn made the French baguette soggy.
You can skip this place and be assured you didn't miss anything!Went to the gumbo shop based on it's name.  I would say that the gumbo was just average.  I found the best at MR. B's.Our tour guide recommended this place for BBQ shrimp and she was right! Had the BBQ shrimp and alligator sausage as main courses and they where both excellent. The dipping sauce that came with the sausage was sweet and refreshing. The red beans and rice as a side went well with the sausage.Good gumbo. I had the triple-play.
Turkey 6/10, chicken 7/10, seafood 8/10.
Fun server, Jennifer. Turnip greens nicely cooked, flavored, slightly smoky.First of all, the place itself is beautiful; we ate in the outdoor courtyard-like area, which I would definitely recommend to get a more memorable French Quarter experience. We tried the chicken andouille gumbo, shrimp creole, and crawfish etouffee; they were all good, but not necessarily to die for, with the gumbo (to no surprise I suppose given the name of the place) being my personal favorite. I must add though that my girlfriend was generally underwhelmed by the cajun/creole food New Orleans had to offer,  and the dishes at the Gumbo Shop didn't do much to change her mind.
In all, I would recommend it to get a genuine New Orleans cafe-style experience with all the traditional food offerings.We came in sat down ate. Our waiter was the best thing ever. Just wish the bowls where just a little deeper. Hands down great food.We were in Nola for 5 days Tried different restaurants daily This spot was on point We went just after lunch so there was no wait. Jamal our server was one of the best. The crab cakes with shrimp topping were great. The other places did not compare. The corn dish was a great complement. The other entree was the seafood gumbo which was also delish. We were pleasedHad a craving for gumbo. Figured a place called "Gumbo Shop" could satisfy that. The gumbo was good, but I've made better. The blackened fish po-boy was really good. I ate the shrimp creole, but wouldn't go back for it. The jambalaya was not nearly as impressive as Felix's. The crawfish etouffee needed seasoning. The cantaloupe daquiri was fresh and tasty, but barely packed a punch, and I was left with a bunch of ice cubes at the bottom of my glass. The bloody mary was tomato-y and spicy. Service was good. Food came out fast.There is nothing too fancy about this French Quarter classic, and yes it's a little touristy. But the gumbo is made with a good dark roux and nice spice, and the shrimp remoulade is fresh, cold, and well dressed. Service is always quick. It's a classic for a reason.Stopped by for lunch...good service; both inside and outside seating...very comfortable atmosphere. 
Had the Chicken Gumbo, which was excellent, served up with a loaf of that famous NO bread to help soak up every drop of that gumbo goodness.  Good color and thickness...okra, vegs and lot's of tender chicken. 
Been all over New Orleans and so far the Gumbo Shop is near the top of my "Gumbo goto" places.The service was great and timely. Food was ok. I'm not gonna say it was mind blowing or life changing. But it was good. It was conveniently located within walking distance as pretty much everything is if your stayin where we are at. It was packed so they are doing something right.I'm no Cajun/Creole expert, but I really liked this place. We went on the recommendation of a local for crawfish etoufee, and it was excellent. They're pretty conservative as far as spicy goes, but they have their house pepper and hot sauces on the tables to compensate. They also take pride in their gumbo, which they start cooking early in the morning. Their French Quarter building is apparently 200 years old, and it's been a restaurant for a long time. They have an open-air courtyard and an inside decorated with murals that evoke New Orleans' past.Delicious!! It's my first time in NoLa so I've been using Yelp reviews for places to get some good old fashioned Louisiana Food. My boyfriend and I shared the Seafood Okra Gumbo for an appetizer, it was amazing. I got the Jamalaya & he got a special they had which was catfish with a crab cake on top with shrimp sauce (whole shrimp in the sauce)!! 0 complaints! There wasn't a wait and our waiter was very attentive and friendly! Totally recommendDEELISH seafood gumbo...who cares if it's a touristy...there's a reason people go here!In my 5 day visit to NO, this was my worst experience by far.  I ordered the chicken gumbo and it came...and it was about 60F.  My dining partner's food was also slightly warm.  The waitress that was quirky, but very nice (and understanding) returned our food.  I noticed that my new bowl was extremely hot and the rice was still mixed in my bowl.  I asked if she had just microwaved my dish.  She confirmed that she had.  I told her that this was unacceptable and would like a new warm serving.  She stated that it takes many hours to prepare and I would have to wait 12 hours for a fresh batch.  It was hard to tell if this had a touch of sarcasm.  I don't think a warm bowl of the "best gumbo in NO" is too much to ask.  She returned with another bowl and it was warm.  The dish was slightly above average compared to the non-New Orleans gumbos that I've had in my life.  And certainly not the best. I tried my dining partner's Creole Combo platter.  All three were underwhelming.  File this one under legacy restaurants still living on past accolades and tourists.The only thing worth having is the chicken and andouille gumbo that a family member ordered. I ordered the combo plate w/shrimp creole, jambalaya, red beans. The little shrimps were mushy and the flavor was uninspiring. My allergy to non-fresh shellfish reacted within hours and verified what I already suspected: Gumbo Shop served up old shrimp. Jambalaya and red beans were no better than Zatarains from a box. Seafood gumbo barely had any seafood. Portions were small here and we left still hungry. I felt bad for the crowds waiting in line.First night in New Orleans. Our shuttle driver suggested The Gumbo Shop. When you go in, there may be a line you have to wait in to be seated. We went on a Friday night around 6pm. Luckily there was only one group in front of us and we were seated within a few minutes. Small tables. I ordered a cup of the chicken andouille sausage gumbo and the grilled boudin sausage with creole mustard. My sister ordered the seafood okra gumbo. We both enjoyed our food. Both gumbos had great flavor. Grilled boudin sausage was good. Flavor wasn't explosive but it was decent. The mustard had a kick to it. Some parts of the casing on the sausage were hard to chew but not a problem. Service was decent. Waiter wasn't really attentive but he was nice enough. Didn't have to wait long for food. When we were leaving around 7pm, the line was to the door. I would recommend trying it and I would go back.In NOLA On vacation. We had a late night gumbo craving the night before we leave. We decided to give this place a try. Awesome atmosphere on the patio, very personable waitress. Great food!!! We had jambalaya and red beans and rice w/smoked sausage...THE BEST!!!Great food! I got the jambalaya and my girlfriend had the vegetarian dish of the day and we both were very happy. The fresh bread is SO GOOD!While in Nola we had to get some gumbo, so why not try the place with gumbo in the name?
Well, it was good but not amazing. The food in the city is at such a high bar already, that anything not knocking me off my seat isn't going to score high, which probably isn't fair. I enjoyed the meal (seafood gumbo, okra gumbo, crawfish), but nothing on my plate was absolutely killing it. 
Great location, cool historical paintings on the walls, good food.Jambalaya, Chicken Andouille Gumbo, Creole Combination Platter, Crawfish Étouffée, Blackened Fish.
All were freakin good. Nothing but praise for the food. The bread and the butter.... you guys cannot serve this stuff before the meal. It killed me when I got my main dish of food. 
I enjoyed it. Will visit again on my next trip to NOLA.This. Place. Is. Absolutely. Incredible. There is truly no better gumbo in the entirety of the world (in my opinion) that can compare to the selections at the Gumbo Shop. 
I'm seriously indecisive and wanted everything on the menu. I ended up ordering a cup of seafood gumbo and the creole combo platter with crawfish etouffee. Holy moly. Best food combo ever.
Only taking away 1 star because the waitress kept bringing me regular coke even though I ordered diet. I know...millennial problems, right?Quick service & really amazing, well seasoned food! I got the gumbo z'herbs, french bread & vegetarian special (black beans & rice)- all confirmed vegan. They don't look fancy, but the flavor was all there! Very very good! *The maux choque corn dish nor the other veggie dishes are vegan, they have butter in them. We got there around 4:30, by 5-5:30 there was a line down the block for this place. Good prices for food & drinks.This was my first restaurant in New Orleans, and it was beyond amazing!  The line was out the door but we were seated within 10 minutes.  Host was very polite.  My waiter was so informative I spend half the money and got twice the food with dessert!  Don't let the two dollar sign on yelp fool you it's really inexpensive here and very flavorful.  Food came out less than 9 minutes hot and fresh.  Great aroma and will definitely be coming back before my vacation is over.Great taste on everything thanks to all at the gumbo shop. An extra shout out to all my fellow yelpers for the help steering us to a great dinner value. Terry was very helpful with my 7 year old who was turning his nose up at most menu items and brought him a sample of the chicken gumbo. He was very delighted, thanks again! In conclusion I strongly recommend this place as a easy go to place for the entire family.During Jazz Fest, my wife and I went here two different nights. The food and service was so outstanding the first night it was a no-brainer to go there again. I had the Creole menu both times and tried many of the items on the menu. This place is a must experience. We will be back! Keep up the good work.Came here for NYE and what an awesome experience.  I had the Triple-D (shown on food channel) and was delicious.  The decor was nice and cozy.  Service was somewhat slow, where people who got their tables later got their food and drink before we did.  If you're in the area definitely try this place.Went on a Friday afternoon about 430p. I had the shrimp creole,jambalaya and crawfish etoufee. The flavors were really good, but the food was not hot. Was very disappointed with the lukewarm food.A very enjoyable dinner. Both the food and service were great. I got there about 5:30 and the restaurant was about a third full, by the time I left it was packed. My server was prompt and attentive, thanks Nick.
I had the appetizer portions of grilled boudin and BBQ shrimp as well as the chicken and sausage gumbo entree. It was all delicious. I'd have liked some larger pieces of andouille in the gumbo so I could taste it more distinctly, but I'm not sure that'd be the way it is typically made. Regardless, it was very good and I'd happily go back again.Some of the worst gumbo I have had in New Orleans. It was gelatinous and the seafood in it was not fresh. This might have been my first time not finishing a bowl of gumbo in this city. Disappointing.Fiance's gumbo (chicken and andouille) was really good. Mine was meh. I got the seafood okra gumbo. I love seafood, and I love okra, but this gumbo was just a bit too fishy. I know that sounds weird, to say that I love seafood, but to complain that the gumbo was fishy, but seafood is not supposed to taste overwhelmingly fishy. 
Atmosphere is nice. We were in the outside patio. It's a charming little place, and service was good.We gave always had good meals here. The service is good and I love their seafood gumbo. Food always comes with a warmed loaf of the yummy Leidenheimer French bread. We also tried the blackened fish appetizer - so good!  Seasoned & grilled on the outside, smooth & succulent fish underneath. It also comes as a po boy. Def try the praline sundae for dessert!We ordered the blackened fish po-boy, shrimp salad and the seafood gumbo. Amazing. Real taste of New Orleans. Suggested by a local for a great lunch place. Priced reasonable. Appetizer was $4.99 and up with entree at $10.99 and up.  We will come back to this great cafe atmosphere.had the crawfish remoulade salad and gumbo.  both were very tasty, but not spectacular.  the friendly waitress must have been having an off day.  she gave us butter but forgot to give us bread until we asked for some.  then she brought back only one small loaf for a table of 9.  there was also a mixup in a couple of people's orders.  another drawback to my experience was that they have a rule about no reservations and your entire party must be there before they seat you.very very casual with multiple gumbo options.  
the atmosphere is a little too casual and family'ish for my taste, but great for those traveling with kids, etc.
i only go there because a friend likes it, otherwise i would not, other than to take tourists, etc.This place was crowded when we went, but the line moved quickly and we got a spot. Very lively atmosphere and lots of options on the menu. What I really liked was that they had vegetarian options, which is hard to come by in NOLA. Overall good food and great service!So we came here to eat cause. I heard it was the best étouffée ever. Well I tried it and it was pretty good, lots of veggies and what not, but not as spicy as I thought it would be. Maybe that's just I like a little more  but it was still good and the sauce was creamy so I ain't complaining. The ambiance was nice too, old New Orleans style. I love it. The part that made me give them 5 stars and very happy is the service was very welcoming. I had to pick up a to go order for my cousin. The manager Angela was so damn nice and helpful to me I couldn't believe it. It was awesome! I really appreciated her talking with me and helping me out. She was fabulous. Thank you so much for the lovely food and awesome service!Didn't experience any southern hospitality at this joint.
True story: Came here with a group to join our friends who were already seated. The time was 8:50. They closed at 9. The management refused to seat us. The waiter whispered to one of us, directing us to Chartres House Cafe, just a few blocks away for better food and service. And off we went.Another AWESOME meal at the Gumbo Shop! The wait was not too long and the kitchen was on it's game. The catfish was amazing and the roast beef poboy was incredible. 
See the pic of the étoufée and know it was even better than that.
Cannot wait to get back here. Dont forget the bread pudding for dessert!!
Special thanks to our server Carlos- top notch service during a nice dinner rush. Well done.This experience was extremely disappointing. With a name like "Gumbo Shop" you would think the gumbo would be phenomenal, but at best it was mediocre. However, the service was very good, attentive and very hospitable.This is a tourist trap. If your goal is to get shuttled in and out quickly with a mediocre meal, this is the spot!I almost gave them 3 stars because I had the combination plate and wasn't super impressed.  No real kick of spice to speak of thank god they had hot sause on the table. There redemption was the BEST bread pudding I've ever had. It's made with whiskey and it's fantastic.Love the seafood okra gumbo. Excellent service and yummy food although the grilled boudin with creole mustard is a bit off to my taste. Love the placeAmazing okra seafood gumbo, the chicken andouille sausage gumbo was spicy and yummy! We also shared the  combination creole platter with upgraded crawfish etude just yummy and then we got the bread pudding it's so rich and yummy and has plump juicy raisans. Just the best Creole food!!!Visited on 11 Feb 2016 around 20:30.
Extremely disappointed. 
Spent $86 for 3 people: 1 creole combination, 1 veg gumbo, 1 crawfish etouffee, 1 jambalaya and 3 drinks.
It was worth no more than $40, for what tasted like canteen food.
All was served within 5 minutes after ordering, which was a bad sign.
Seafood Okra Gumbo was not good, tasted like someone used too much flavoring powder and corn flour. It was just a tiny cup, but the 3 of us couldn't finish it.
Veg gumbo was bland.
Jambalaya was bland.
Crawfish etouffee was just ok but missed some flavors.
Creole combination would have been ok in a canteen.
The only good thing was the bread pudding.
And the service was no better than the food. I don't remember the name of the waitress, but she was tall, dark hair with a lips tattoo in her neck. And very rude. We took just a bit of time to decide (nothing unusual) and she clearly showed sign of impatience. I mean... clearly. She was not up selling at all. And since everything was so disappointing, we left a small tip only, which was clearly not to her liking : she literally throw the credit card (that we inadvertently kept inside the bill holder) on the table.
Spend your hard earned money somewhere else.Although this was my first visit to NOLA, I feel like this restaurant gave me a great feel for what the city is all about.  The food was delicious, if nothing fancy.  The service was great, and I just loved the courtyard area.  New Orleans really knows how to do al fresco dining!
For $25, the traditional cajun dinner (or whatever it was called) is really the ebst deal in town.  You are able to choose a starter, side, entree, and dessert.  As previous yelpers have mentioned, the chicken okra gumbo was delicious.  I got cream spinach for a side, which was no big deal.  But no one goes to the Gumbo Shop for cream spinach right?  
For my entree I got some sort of cajun sampler that had shrimp, rice & beans & jambalaya.  Again, it was no frills, but just simple and delicious.
Bread pudding was amazing.
Highly recommend!The Gumbo Shop is my first stop every time I visit New Orleans. They have the best crawfish étouffée in town, and don't skip the blackened fish bites appetizer. I don't typically drink daiquiris, but Gumbo Shop's are made with fresh fruit and are not sweet - very refreshing.Oh my YUUUUUM!!!!!
If you go to this restaurant then please eat the Creole combination platter. It has shrimp in creole sauce, red beans and rice, and delicious jambalaya! Holy smokes to say the least was the jambalaya ever so delicious! It definitely melted in your mouth. I know that Pat O' Brian's is known for its hurricanes (a staple of the city), but I must admit that the ones at this establishment were ever so much more refreshing. There is something to be said about a hurricane from fresh squeezed juice. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to sample some good ol' fashioned southern cuisine.Had a wonderful sampler plate of jambalaya, crawfish etoufee and shrimp creole at the suggestion of our waitress.  It was so good and so filling on an unseasonably cold night.  Would definitely return.Delicious meal from start to finish I ordered the chicken gumbo , the jambalaya and a blacked chicken po boy and it was all very delicious our waiter made it a very enjoyable experienceWhenever we are in New Orleans, we always try to come to the Gumbo Shop for their Chicken Andouille gumbo - which is the best we have taste in New Orleans.  We also tried a side of the Jambalaya which is good but we had better.  Otherwise, we love the ambient here - we sat in a hidden courtyard at the back of the store which is beautiful.  Definitely a repeat!I personally enjoyed my little time at the Gumbo Shop.  It was quite popular as we had to wait in a line.  The hostess doesn't take names, just the number that's in your party and you wait patiently.  The good thing is that you can go to the bar (very small bar) and get a drink and go back and wait in line with everyone else.
The Long Island Iced Tea was probably the strongest long island i've ever had in my entire life!!!  I promise.  the bartender, Charlie, was great and def worked hard for his money!
Our waitress Lisa was amazing!  She was attentive, funny and personable.  My food was delightful.  I did have add a bit of salt to my crawfish etouffee and some of their garlic hotsauce, but after that, it was all good.  and yes they have their own garlic hotsauce and i love it!
I tried the shrimp creole too and I loved it.  Not too spicy not too bland and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.  mmmm.  
Will I go back here again?  yes.  
Do they deliver nationwide? yes.
Will i go back to NO? nope.  Not my type of town, but because this little gem of a place delivers, I won't have to go back.
the end.Excellent gumbo. We only ate a small portion, as we were making stomach space for the other places on our foodie trip. But I would definitely go back for more, as well as get the apple cider again.Ordered the seafood gumbo, chicken gumbo and the jambalaya. The food was very good but I'm not sure if it's to die for. I'm sure there are better local shops out there that are much better than this tourist hotspot
The wait was like 30 minutes to get a table which was expected but the service was extremely slow too. It took them more than 30 mins to bring our food which was their main menu items. Hence, they lose a star
Verdict : It's good but not worth the long waitThis place is ok. My parents love it, but I've never completely understood why. The food is good, not great. The service is usually quite good, I'll give them that! But the ambience is touristy, and the dining area reminds me of what the Disney Land version of a New Orleans restaurant would be--slightly messy, loud, cheap plates and cutlery, food that appears to have been sitting under a warming light for a bit, and packed with hot, sweaty families snapping photos while their kids pout or cry in high chairs. To each their own! This place is just not for me.The server was so very outstanding!
I would return just for her....and the gumbo, lol!
Red beans and rice so delicious, flavorful, and not salty
Best friend loved the Dorade fish special: crab cake, shrimp, AND a bearer blanc based? Sauce blanketed it all.
The bro had the blackened chicken salad. Surprised so much flavor and not salt or cayenne overwhelming...
Just an all around great, fun, loud, laughing lunch!
We will be back!!We went for the seafood gumbo but our waiter said that they are known for the chicken and sausage so we went with that.  It was a good decision.  We also got the boudin and the creole mustard. Loved it!  Great  gumbo at a great price.Great place for a taste of creole cuisine. The combination platter is a must try if this is your first time in New Orleans. For side, we ordered spinach and corn. Both are tasty. Desert is a bit too sweet.Our first stop on every trip! Service was a little slow on our most recent visit which seemed to be a city wide issue. I don't think Nola was ready for all of the families opting out of going to the beach for this chilly spring weather. Anyway, the food here is fabulous and the melon daiquiris are not robe missed!Delicious creole food and excellent service. I highly recommended the chicken and andouille gumbo. They have a "secret menu", so be sure to ask about that when you visit. We ordered the alligator bites off of it...so flavorful! They make their drinks boozy too.This place reminds me of traditional homemade gumbo. Every bite had a great taste and great spices. The chicken and sausage gumbo did not have barely any meat. You really didn't miss the neat since the base of it was delicious. I just wish there was crackers or some mini bread to go with it. The bread they serve as appetizer was hard. Overall great spot.Overall: a great first dinner experience in NOLA! By far the best gumbo I have ever had.
The gumbo: I had the Chicken Andouille Gumbo and my sister ordered the Seafood Gumbo. I've had gumbo a few times before, both homemade and in restaurants, but this has been the best gumbo I've ever consumed. I had gumbo afterwards in other restaurants around NOLA and none of them compare. The Chicken Andouille Gumbo was bursting with savory flavors and had the perfect amount of rice. I ate my gumbo so quickly that I was sad that it was all gone!
Service: our server was very friendly and gave us many tips and lots of useful advice for our first trip to NOLA. The rest of the staff was also very pleasant and welcoming.
Ambience: there is both indoor and outdoor seating. My sister and I chose to eat outside because it was a cool summer evening and the outdoor patio seating felt very 1800s NOLA - it didn't feel like 2017 out there!Great location, beautiful interior, and friendly service. If you are looking for a New Orleans experience dinner, you may be glad you came. But, this is tourist food, not food for foodies. 
This is, definitively, not the best gumbo in NOLA. It was okay and nothing more. The jambalaya was dry and uninteresting. It was the best thing we had (look in the pictures for the ball of fried rice). The shrimp creole was nice, but bland and uninspired. In fact, it was hard to distinguish between it and the red beans and rice. There really should be a difference! The crawfish étouffée was the weakest I've ever had and had an unfortunate fishy taste. The pecan sundae was... Well, I don't think I could make such a disappointment at home. I didn't finish anything on my plate and I always finish everything. 
The folks next to us loved the bread pudding and chocolate brownie pie (brownie sundae). Perhaps those were good, or perhaps they were from out of town. Come for the atmosphere, not the food.I googled best Gumbo in the French Quarter and this was listed as #2 and was easy for me to find. I got a table easily and the service was friendly and very quick. The waiter made some recommendations and he was spot on. I had the Seafood Gumbo and Crawfish Étouffée and bread pudding for dessert. Everything was delicious. It was a prefix price, so my bill was reasonable. I was so full when I left but it was worth it!Had the chicken and sausage gumbo and it was ok but a bit watery.  Also tried one of those fruit strawberry drinks and it was just ok. I will say however that the service was great!Food:
Gator sausage, grilled (you get 2): $5.50
2 combos - jambalaya, red beans + rice, shrimp Creole: $14 each
We stopped here to get a quick lunch, and there was no wait. Though the service was very nice, I thought the food unremarkable. The jambalaya has 2 small pieces of chicken and not much else besides the sauce. The shrimp Creole was on the tangy side, and the shrimp were really small, mostly sauce. Portions were on the small side, and the flavors all seemed to just run together.Found this place walking around on our weekend trip there. Super casual and very comfortable. Our waiter was awesome, and the food came out almost as fast as he took our order. We got Gumbo and a Jambalaya dish. Both were fantastic. The seasonings on the table were a nice plus. Glad we found this place. Pricing was incredible for such authentic foodQuaint New Orleans vibes and good food.  We didn't want to wait in long lines for some of the other more popular places so we found this place and was pleasantly surprised.  Food was very yummyWe got the gumbo, both the meat and seafood were nothing to write home about. My wife said it best, Progresso makes a better gumbo, I think that says it all.Great service, welcoming. I was eating solo and the server made me feel inviting. I tried a hurricane (yummy!!) and a trio of gumbo. Seafood, chicken and turkey...I didn't care for the turkey....then desert I had the bread pudding!!!!! YUM! I sat outside in the garden area! LOVED it!Food was disgusting. We ordered BBQ shrimp, sea food gumbo, crawfish etoufee, alligator sausage and shrimp po boy. Food was half cold. Lemon was dried and dischivelled. BBQ shrimp came with tiny shrimp and pasta which was unexpected. Alligator sausage was tiny, Shrimp po boy came with exact shrimp in same sauce as crawfish etoufee instead of the usual fried shrimp. Etoufee and gumbo were gross. FOOD WAS COLD was my worst complaint feel like they gave us some left over food that other people had ordered but made them take back. To top of off waiter was super rude.I had lunch here on a Sunday, and there was a short wait of around 10 minutes for a table of three. The restaurant is located in a Spanish style building, and dining there allows you to see these buildings from the inside. The beautiful architecture is complimented by the murals on the wall. 
Service was quick, and the food was very good. The gumbo and jambalaya were exactly what I had expected. The alligator sausage was also a pleasant surprise. 
The only downside is that the restaurant can be somewhat crowded, but for what it's worth, this is a very good restaurant.The food as always was good.  It was a busy night when all of the tables around us received service the manager personally waited on us and was very attentive.  No complaints.The blackened catfish and the bread pudding are worth going there to try.   The service was very good and friendly.   Easy to get a table on a Monday night, but I can see that this place can get a crowd.  I'd go back, but there are lots of places to try.Jambalaya was my favorite item on the menu! 
The line is out the door so they are doing something right.Sill looking for food here in NOLA that will on its own make me want to come back. This place came close but didn't quite do that.
I had the 3 way platter. Portion was small, but tasted alright. The staff was really great! 
there was a massive line for this place which I still don't get.I had both the jumbalaya and shrimp creole: both were tasty, although added hot sauce was definitely needed. The bread on the side was perfect for soaking up all the delicious sauce. 
The service for the most part was good. The atmosphere within the restaurant was perfect: slightly lower lighting, not too loud but not silent either, and some interesting artwork and copper pieces throughout the place. We were fortunate enough to have a table right next to the tall French windows. 
I can see why people come here and why this place is so popular. My socks weren't blown off, but as an introductory place into New Orleans food, this is a good place to start.The gumbo here was quite delicious. Not the best I have ever had but it was authentic and tasty. 
  The servers were very accommodating with us and our toddler in tow. 
  It's worth a try but don't expect their food to blow you away.I wanted to try something authentic New Orleans and something that people raved about so we went to the gumbo shop. There was a line going out the door when we arrived but the wait couldn't have been more than 30 min. We got the seafood gumbo, chicken gumbo, creole special platter and the roast beef po boy. The gumbos were full of flavor but I'm not sure what makes it such a standout. It had a slimey texture which wasn't unpleasant. I'm not sure I would order it again. The roast beef po boy was super dry. I wouldn't recommend. The special platter was alright. I would say the standout was the jambalaya. I would definitely get that again. All in all, I would say that I would go just for the jambalaya but it wouldn't be worth the wait. 
The service was great.I ate here twice while visiting and I had the vegetarian gumbo.
If the vegetarian gumbo was that good, I can only wonder what the the traditional gumbo tasted like! I was very pleasantly surprised by the meal. Simple yet satisfying. 
Service was good too and Restaurant had a charm to it as well.Stopped in for a lunch break while touring around the city. Just as the same states, the gumbo steals the show! I tried the sea food gumbo and others in our group had the chicken gumbo and red/beans/rice. They even had pasta and grilled cheese that pleased the kiddos! 
Overall the ambiance, service and food were very good.I loved my meal, I had the fish special of the day - blackened Ahi. Probably not a local fish but the preparation was all southern. Had their creamed corn as a side and nothing like I've ever had before. My husband had shrimp jambalaya. For dessert we shared pecan pie with ice cream and never tasted a pecan pie thar was creamy. Everything was excellent! So glad their wasn't a line out the door which is common for many restaurants in this area.Jambalaya was excellent, but the roast beef po-boy was very salty and soggy bread within minutes.I dined here this past Thursday, 06/18/2015.  I had the shrimp alfredo and it was WONDERFUL and it didn't take long for my order, either.  I also ate breakfast the next day; I had an omelette stuffed with crawfish and it was great.  However, I did bite into a crawfish shell but other than that, it was fine.+seated right away in courtyard, even without reservation 
+ Gumbo was amazing, hot, spicy 
= jambalaya was great too, but could have been served hotter. 
+ Our waitress, Alicia, was very sweet and helpful!I  live near the Gumbo Shop , but today was the first time my husband and I went for dinner .  I had a shrimp bbq appetizer and husband had jambalaya .  They were very tasty . Let's not forget about the Hurricane drinks !   All was served quickly by our server Keri . She is just the best !  However , everyone was very friendly  as well .  I certainly will be back !!!Wanted to eat some gumbo and tried this place out as recommended by my friend Stephan. The Seafood and Okra gumbo was pretty good even though I'm not a big fan of Okra. I must admit that it was a bit watery as far as consistency but the taste was right on. I definitely want to go back and try their Creole Dinner Platter for $21.99 and you get a five course southern meal.Great place to stop while exploring the French Quarter. Our server was friendly and attentive. Tip: Order the sides portion of a number of items and share! This allows you to sample all of the things they have to offer and take advantage of their specials!
We ordered the BBQ Shrimp appetizer (special), DH had a bowl of the seafood gumbo (pretty sparse on seafood) and side orders of the following: Chicken andouille gumbo, maque choux corn, jambalaya and an order of boudin. Everything was delicious. I do enjoy their boudin because it has a much milder taste to it and is wonderful with the dijon mustard and hit of lemon. We were able to sample so much more by ordering the side portions, definitely recommend!Expensive for the amount of food you get. With that said the gumbo was very tasty. We ordered the seafood gumbo and the seafood taste was preserved nicely. Was not a fan of the whiskey cake as it was too sweetJust a note: the manager read this review and reached out to understand my thoughts. He was absolutely genuine, cared about quality and customer service. I'll pop in for a meal here the next time I'm in the quarter. This level of customer service deserves kudos. Try this place out!!!I did not enjoy my dining experience with the Gumbo Shop. There are too many good restaurants in New Orleans to settle for the BLAND gumbo you receive here. Also, the prices are a little pricey for the portions you receive. Will not recommend.They claim to have to best gumbo in New Orleans but they don't, it tasted like it's been sitting at the bottom of the pot all day accept for the fact that we arrived around noon. 
This review would probably have received 2 stars if the service wasn't so bad. Don't get me wrong they were polite but slow as hell... 
Extremely disappointingMy sister and I waited in line for a while to get in on  thursday night. We ordered the crawfish etouffe and the shrimp creole. I'm not sure if the cooks were just having an off day or something, but the food came out pretty bland and didn't live up to our expectation and the hypes. 
I'm not sure I want to pay almost $40 for dishes that were too salty and not tasty at all.A pesar de tener que hacer una fila de 10 minutos, el ambiente estuvo fenomenal... la comida tan típica como puede ser... buenos sabores y bien servido
Las porciones fueron pequeñas para el precio, y la atención podría ser mejor...
El postre resolvió un error particular: los cubiertos estaban sucios al principio del servicio...Definite must try while in the city! 
Great prices, excellent service from the staff and the food was seasoned to perfection!!!The vegetarian dishes were delicious and authentic. Hard to find that in this city. We had the gumbo d'herbes and vegetarian special (white beans and rice that night). I had the sangria which was refreshing and well balanced (not too dry or sweet). 
Cute place, although very crowded with the tables set close together. They sat us fairly quickly though and the service was good.I came here for dinner with friends while in town for vacation. We only had to wait for a little bit for a table. However, we had factored this into we had a ghost tour later that evening. The restaurant is a bit on the small side however, given its proximity to Jackson Square, I would imagine that rent is not cheap.
Our waitress was stretched a bit thin and we didn't get the best service but it is what it is. I ordered red beans and rice and corn maque choux. It took a while for the food to come but maybe we all ordered at the same time. The food was quite good though being gluten there weren't a lot of options.
For dessert, I had praline ice cream. It was quite good. Though a pretty simple compared to most of the desserts I had so far in NOLA and ended up being the case. I can say that I have been the Gumbo Shop. 
A cute place but not one that makes my top list of restaurants to come back to when I'm next in NOLA.Everything was great - service, speed, jambalaya...  We're only in town 4 days but might be back!OMG. Words can't describe how good this place is. Before I even start I need you to stop reading this and buy a strawberry daiquiri. Seriously. The best I have ever had. Okay, now. The gumbo shop has the best gumbo I have ever tasted. I came with with a group of colleagues for a trip and a few of them are some of the pickiest eaters on the planet (not an understatement). They had zero problem with the menu, ventured out of their comfort zone, and loved the food. That in itself speaks volumes. I come from Charleston where I have been to many outstanding restaurants and this place is right up there with them. If you are visiting NOLA you can't leave until you have been here.We had our first lunch here and wow the food was so good and my baby liked their gumbo and jambalaya. It rained while we were here so it took them a little while 15-20min at most to sit us since they had to move customers dining outside the restaurant. The service was fine, our server was nice to explain to us their menu and what he recommend trying. I found this restaurant here at Yelp and glad we tried it out for ourselves.I tried this restaurant while visiting New Orleans. I got the chicken gumbo and it was absolutely delicious. The service was great. I sat outside in a cute little patio and it was very pleasant. I'll go back!This is one of our fav stops. We always get the sautéed shrimp po boy and chicken sausage gumbo. This time we wanted to be a little different. We started with shrimp gumbo. Great flavor a and not spicy at all which for me is a good thing. We shared jambalaya which I have tasted once in my life and didn't like. This wasn't bad at all. Two scoops didn't seem like much at first but that food is packed in because once you start eating it is quite hearty and filling. Glad I tried something new. Sadly I have not had the chance to have their bread pudding because I was too full. Bummer! 
It can get pretty crowded but be patient. They have a small patio outside and interesting decor. The crusty French bread is also fresh and warm. 
Will definitely stop by again, control myself and save room for dessert.This place felt like what New Orleans cuisine should be. I don't like bread pudding, but after trying it here, I went in search of one that was equally good, and I didn't find it. I had blackened fish, and it was great. I highly recommend.Avoid this place. Ugh. Glad we didn't wait. The gumbo is thick like ones saliva. The service is nice but very slow. Don't let the long line fool you. Save your money to buy Booz. At least that is the same everywhere else.Great food, atmosphere, and service.  A needed escape from the Quarter, the Gumbo Shop was a treat!  I ordered a cup of gumbo and blackened fish po'boy.  I could only finish half of my sandwich and our wonderful waitress, I think her name is Katherine, told us that she knew I'd be drinking later and would wish for it later.  So she wrapped it up tight in foil and I stuck it in my purse.  A few hours later she proved correct, and even cold that po'boy was delicious.  Also the BEST pickles I have ever had! Garlicky heaven.A popular stop in the French quarter. Often there is a line - which is a good sign. A nice representation of local dishes. Quite mellow on the spices - so a great spot to try creole, gumbo, etc without worrying about the heat. If you like heat they have some very nice house hot sauces. Reasonably priced.Can't say much that hasn't already been said...
Excellent service--some of the best we received during a week in NOLA.
Our group ordered the chicken andouille gumbo, the vegan gumbo and the grilled chicken. Everyone was happy with their meal.
Gumbo shop makes some pretty good sangria too.
Excellent garlic hot sauce. So good that the TSA agent took it from us on the flight home : ( 
It was worth a try...Heading back to New Orleans for the weekend and our first stop will be for dinner this evening at the Gumbo shop. This time I'm bringing a friend of mine that just moved to South Florida from Atlanta and she is really excited to dine at the Gumbo shop. See you this evening.I was in a group with three others and stopped in New Orleans for the night. While walking down the street we mentioned we wanted to get a taste for some authentic NOLA food. The gentleman walking a head of us turned around and asked "so what are you in the mood for?" He was a local and recommended the Gumbo Shop! 
This place was very busy so we felt kind of rushed. We also had to wait about 20 minutes.
The food was delicious! Between the four of us we shared 3 dishes. It was plenty of food. We had Chicken Andouille Gumbo, Jumbalaya and Shrimp Creole. Everything was amazing! Nothing I've had outside of NOLA, that claims to be authentic, tastes as delicious as what we had here!
Definitely recommend going here!The Full Creole Dinner is excellent here. For a decent price you can get a 4 course meal with various delicious options within each course.
My favorites here at Gumbo Shop are the Crawfish Étouffée and Red Beans and Rice with SausageMy crawfish etouffee was more on the sweet side then spicy which I found a bit odd, but heck, a few daiquiris later I forgot all about the mishap! Can't comment to much on the ambiance of the gumbo shop, as I got a take out order.  But I did notice the large courtyard patio seating, which seems to be very popular in the French Quarter.Good service and food. My niece had the roast beef P.O.-boy which was delicious. The meat was tender and seasoned right. The rice had chicken and shrimp.I ordered the gumbo and boudin to go as a midnight snack and I enjoyed every bite. Will be returning soon.Shrimp creole is the best!! Chicken gumbo yummy!! Red beans and rice, yes! Best food I've had all weekend.  Need a place to eat this is the place and the prices aren't bad at all.Ah the hurricane cocktail...So refreshing thank you to our very animated and lovely server who recommended it!
We tried the Shrimp Po Boy...WOW! it was delicious...creamy, shrimp filled and served in warm hollowed out french bread. 
The crawfish etoufee was awesome...
and the gumbo was perfectly spicy.
I wish i lived in New Orleans...