Bacon grilled cheese shadwich and champagne..  Bartender DAVID was awesome and suggested the sandwich .
The place is clean and sunny :) let me add David makes the best bloody marysGreat food! Good service from John the new waiter would come back for another Bloody Mary !Food was great and we had a very attentive server. We had a large group and everyone loved their food! The gumbo is NOT majorly spicy but very flavorful.Great place! My Cajun shrimp eggs Benedict was amazing. Great Bloody Mary and very attentive service. (Even by the hosts) great attitude, no complaints!The restaurant was decent. Definitely not what I would considered good New Orleans food. Portions were small as well. But seafood and fried chicken didn't seem fresh. Just typical fried food that you order frozen and fry. I had the fried seafood combo. Again, just okay. The other reviews on yelp were also accurate in saying that the gumbo portions were small. Very shallow dish. Crawfish etoufee was more like a heavy snack. Our waiter, Stephen, was rude. We asked for descriptions and he told us to read the menu. It's in a mall on Decatur so convenient location, but crappy look. For the money I paid, I wouldn't go back personally. I think NOLA has a lot more and better food to offer. The bartender is a heavy pourer though!Very good food, great location, great for a large group, and really good service! We were somehow the only people there on a friday night and while we were hesitant to try it (how is there an empty restaurant right across from Jackson square on a Friday night in NOLA?!) I am glad we did. Our waiter was really friendly and attentive. The food was great too! I had had too much heavy food during the week so I opted for a salad. It was fresh and so delicious. I would eat here again!Gumbo Ya-Ya is a great little hidden gem, right on Decatur Street.  David, our awesome bartender, took pity on 3 hungover girls by making great menu suggestions.  He had us order the Boudin appetizer & the gumbo sampler..  The Gumbo Ya Ya Bloody Mary is made with house infused vodka & amazing!The sweet tea was good. The host was very curteous and helpful with the menu options.  I was a party of seven. 6 of the 7 meals were cold!!! Flavor was ok  I would not return!!! The manager did ask if w we wanted it reheat it or not we did not have time however. Service was also lackingVery slow service. I decided to try the gumbo and it tasted like salty fish water. It came with a piece of bread that was very salty. My boyfriend has the gumbo pasta. Out of the two dishes I would say that tasted better, but all and all it wasn't good.The menu looks fun but the service is sloooooow and two of our three orders came out cold. We waited 30+ minutes for our order. Not sure what was going on but for the small amount of customers in the place I thought we'd get great service. I was wrong. Not the best place in NOLA. Sorry but don't waste your time.Good food. GREAT service from Cory. Told this is a fairly new restaurant. Great location. Come check it out.I ordered the namesake Gumbo Ya-Ya which is a combination of chicken and sausage gumbo and traditional seafood gumbo. The concept peaked my interest but the final product was mediocre. It was thicker than gumbo should be, like they didn't add enough stock, which made it more like a stew or chowder even. Additionally there was no flavor complexity. 
Fortunately it was only $6.50 so reasonably priced for the portion. I think I'd be happy if I opened up a can of Campbell's gumbo soup and it tasted like this; but considering I am in the French Quarter, I'll be getting future bowls of gumbo elsewhere.Came here for brunch. Had a huge breakfast for only 13 bucks. They are new to the breakfast game so no wait for seats. Service was decent and the food was good. The biscuits seem a little rubbery but everything else was good.Huge huge portions!  Make sure you are hungry if you are planning on getting the platters.  I had the shrimp and fish platter and it took 3 of us to eat it.  It came with potato salad which was great.  My daughter had the sausage and eggs which she loved and the husband had the shrimp platter which he also liked.  Great place, short wait and conveniently located.Portions are SMALL. Not generous for the amount you are paying. My food came out 20 minutes after everyone else at the table. Not good service.Slow service- definitely New Orleans time, but the food made up for it! We came for breakfast before our steamship tour. I had chicken and eggs- hands down the most tender lovely chicken I've ever had. Poached eggs and fantastic hand cut potatoes rounded out my lovely meal- all for under $10.
My hubs was sad that he got the avocado toast- with green apples and scrambled eggs. Fine but slightly bland, with a nice presentation- for around $8.
Sonny boy had French toast, which was also good.
Food took about 25 minutes -maybe because of my chicken?- but no updates from our server. That's basically the drawback. Food was good, drinks were good, people watching was good, right on the walkway to the river walk and steamships.
I'd definitely go back for the chicken, without steamship tickets making me feel like we had to rush.Delicious andouille and duck gumbo with perfectly cooked rice.  We also enjoyed the empanadas with jalapeno mayonnaise. Great place for a casual meal. The service was friendly and efficient.Great service.  First time I actually ever had gumbo.  I'm not really sure what it's supposed to taste like, but my husband says it's good.  The fish Poboy wasn't bad, either.  It came out pretty fat.  I actually think just the poboy meal was enough for two people because of how big the sandwich was.  Their french fries were good and it was a good amount of fries.Was not many choices for non red meat eaters. I had the fried okra & cheese grits. I was disappointed in the menu.  The grits were full of cheese & was tasty.  I would have enjoyed the okra is the sauce was a tad less hot.  My friend ordered gumbo. She said it was just ok.  The server & host was polite.  The ambience is casual with 3 gators strapped to the wall as the decor.  We did not return.Looked in s few places in New Orleans for good gumbo and couldn't find any that was truly spiced well. Had the gumbo here topped with jambalaya and it was exactly what I was looking for. Service was excellent. My waitress even entertained my toddler who simply had enough goings for the day and didn't want to sit still. Price was reasonable. Will definitely visit again.My daughter, my niece and I, went to Gumbo Ya-Ya this last weekend! My niece had never been to New Orleans and I wanted to take her somewhere with some good Cajun food.  For an appetizer we got the mini muffulettas. These were amazing! The end!   
The gumbo was sub-par! Definitely not the best I've ever had! And my daughter wasn't crazy about her meal, either.  My niece was totally not impressed!  
The staff was really great, very attentive!  I would go back for them and the muffulettas! 
The restaurant was very clean.Worst service ever. Arrived at 4:30 when it wasn't busy. Took ages to get menus, water, drink orders, silverware and food. Then we asked for separate checks. We got one check. An hour and a half later and we were finally out of here. Food was good and the waitress was lovely. The manager was a bit arrogant and explained that she was his only server working. There were 8 or 9 tables full plus several at the bar. Not fair on this poor girl at all. Won't be back. Total disregard for their staff.Food was great, service was friendly and fast, and location was ideal.  My husband loved the gumbo so much we ate here twice in a week!Stopped for an early lunch/ late breakfast on a beautiful morning. Sat outside and got to listen to the jazz band playing outside. The atmosphere was awesome and the food was mediocre. I ordered a salad that was supposed to come with candied pecans and it did not. That was the whole reason why I ordered the salad. Bummer. The servers were pleasant but do not be in a hurry. It took 25 minutes to take our order and an additional 45 to get our food. I probably would have been upset but the music playing down the street and the beautiful weather.... no way.The service was decent.
The gumbo was ok. It wasn't too salty which was good compared to some other places I've tried. The rice was good except for some crusty pieces that were mixed in. The bread was crusty and hard and I could've done without it.
The Diet Coke tasted like it was mixed with something which made it taste funny.We were in NOLA celebrating our 25th anniversary. We walked by Gumbo YaYa. When in, ate. We love this place so much we came back for a second helping before we left town. The chicken and sausage is so favorable, the collard greens are tender and seasoned just right and the cheesey grits are fabulous.The seafood gumbo is also very good.Go to the Jackson Brewery location,try to sit in Ayana F. Section but all the staff is pleasurable,professional and excellent suggestionsI have lived in New Orleans all my life. Gumbo Ya-Ya has a solid gumbo. I tried the Gumbo Ya-Ya. Loved it. I added Tabasco sauce and it was perfect with the Cajun jambalaya. I loved the added touch of two fried crawfish. I sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat. The service was efficient and quick. The food was hot and tasty. I would recommend this stop for a taste of New Orleans.So came here for Thanksgiving Day. Got their take on Thanksgiving meal. The staff were very nice so this just addresses the food. The turkey was DRY. The stuffing was so spiced with pepper and salt it was hard to eat. The cranberry sauce was definitely not homemade like they said, and totally tasted like canned. Also it was supposed to come with HOMEMADE sweet potato pie, instead they served me a sorry piece of NOT homemade apple pie which looked liked someone scooped with a ladle. For NOLA food I'd skip this place.  Pretty disappointed.This was our first restaurant stop on on visit to New Orleans. I had the Gumbo with jambalaya and it was delicious. Our server was David (Elvis look alike) and he was very helpful.  I did recall eating at this location the last time I was in New Orleans and apparently the restaurant has been redone.  It was a refreshing change as the old restaurant was very dark.Last minute decision by our group to stop in. I was late, and not very crowded. Our server was funny, but not really "on her game" as it were. Took a long time to get our food. I particularly was served the wrong meal, and was not hot. The food was just okay at best!My experience was almost five stars stellar, had I not made the fatal mistake of ordering the fried seafood platter. I started with the gumbo ya-ya ($6.50) which was delicious but too small to be a full meal. My husband had the po boy with blackened shrimp and that was a nice hefty sandwich that came with a good portion of French fries (~$15)
I ordered the fried seafood platter with shrimp and crawfish. I thought the crawfish might come whole and I could peel off the fried bits but it ended up just being small bits of crawfish doused in batter and fried. It was a good amount of food, but really, no one person needs to eat that much fried food in one sitting. I felt a little sick after, and regretted not ordering more gumbo or a salad or something else.
TLDR; this place exceeded my expectations, the gumbo is good as are the sandwiches, wouldn't recommend the fried platters as there are better things on the menu.I had the Gumbo Ya-Ya which was amazing and delicious. My cousin had the collard greens and felt that they were too mushy and soggy. I tried them and felt they were beautifully sautéed and seasoned to perfection. Unfortunately I did not have time to try more of their menu but the next time I'm on Nola I will definitely be back!My family and I were visiting New Orleans for a wedding last week, and we were looking for a place to eat quickly in the French quarter! Gumbo Ya Ya was empty, so we were a little hesitant at first. But, we saw that they had just opened, so we have it a try! We were not disappointed! We had their gumbo and poboys! Everything was delicious! By the time we left (lunch), it was filling up.  They are located right by the public parking lot, so super convenient.My friend and I who were in town for business wanted to find some good, local gumbo.  I'm sure this isn't totally "authentic" like something you'd get at your grandma's house but I felt it was a good representation of what I thought gumbo would be.  I got the version with the pot roast in it and jambalaya and I was pretty pleased.  I really liked the piece of bread that adorned the bowl!  The experience was fine- we sat on the patio and enjoyed a beautiful day.  Our waitress gave us the checks for the table next to ours so the manager had to fix it but that wasn't too much of an issue.  Overall, a good experience.Food and service were great! We brought our dogs and they gave them a large bowl of water.Stopped on a whim...
.the kids ate the gumbo...they all gave it a 6/10...sauing the base was like gravy and they are used to a broth like texture for their gumbo
Shared shrimp geaux geaux...err umm I know that its seafood...guess it was REALLY fresh.
Crawfish Poboy...the remoulade spread was overpowering.
Overall though...we would return here as the service was great!David the bartender is very friendly and helpful. We had a little chat about his move from New York to New Orleans and little did he know that a short chat for a lone traveler could make a big difference to the experience of the city and the visit. I had the Gumbo ya ya and it was delicious. If you're traveling alone, I highly recommend you try this dish and sit at the bar to have a chat to lovely David.Some of the best Gumbo in town. I highly suggest this to anyone that's in the French quarter area looking to get your grub on. Spot on service and an excellent staff!Walked in for brunch on Sunday morning. We were seated right away and the waitress took our order pretty quickly. They weren't too busy but we noticed there was only one waitress and one waiter working. The food service wasn't real quick but it was pretty good. The pecan waffle was yummy and my wife loved her chicken fried chicken.I came here for dinner on my first night in NOLA and was expecting a great meal, but sadly I did not get one. The waitress was rude, inattentive, and avoided eye contact. The meals took 40 minutes to make(an the place was empty!) and they came out cold. Would not recommend.This was our favorite meal in NOLA. Our waitress Kori was so sweet. We ate lunch there on July 9th.One of the worst restaurant I've ever been. We waited for 1 hour for our food, two cups of gumbo!!! Are you kidding me?! The service made it even worse, she didn't even give us utensils to eat!!! Never come to this restaurant again!First place we came to to get out of the heat! Excellent choice! Food was awesome and the wait staff was very friendly.My sons and i went here on a Sunday evening around 7pm. It didn't appear to be very busy but we waited for a while for or waitress. When i asked her if the red beans and rice wad spicy her response was "well I've been raised in New Orleans so i don't know what your heat tolerance is compared to mine"..... a simple, no its not spicy at all would have done. Considering the red beans didn't have much flavor. In fact my son said Popeyes chicken had better red beans. I ordered the crawfish boil salad.. sweet corn relish was no where to be found, avacado was old, and the fried crawfish pieces were mostly breading probably frozen. The red potato salad that come on it was pretty good but Not worth $17! My other son ordered a shrimp po boy and fries that were average.Location is great. And, unfortunately, everything else, mediocre. Except service, which was pretty awful. 
We stopped in about 7 on a Sunday evening and there were very few customers. We decided to sit outside in a lovely covered patio area, which had terrific lighting and a large heater. With the cool breeze blowing in, it provided the perfect combination of warm and fresh air. We were seated immediately. And then waited. For easily 10 minutes before the hostess came by to ask if anyone had been out to us yet. After learning that we were still waiting, she went looking. As did the manager who came by. We finally had our waitress stop by for our drink orders and then we waited again. We were about 25 minutes in before getting our drinks. 
We all ordered gumbo in various ways.  Pretty tasty, but nothing epic. The food was more timely than our drinks. 
The real kicker to our visit was that the waitress appeared to be under the influence. Her speech was slurred, she couldn't track, she staggered up the stairs as she was leaving the outdoor area and was overly friendly in that nicely buzzed way one gets, which I love with my friends, just not entirely comfy with it from someone waiting on us.  If everything else had been top notch, no big deal but I have a feeling our awful service was directly related to her state of intoxication.Love love LOVE Gumbo Ya-Ya! This was our breakfast spot in NOLA for our weekend getaway and they did not disappoint. First, the workers there showed true hospitality and were so sweet and courteous. Their food was also really good! One thing stood out to me that was excellent was the cheesy grits. It was made the perfect consistency and I had never had grits taste that good before. And the waffles and french toast was also bomb.comCame here after a swamp tour in the freezing cold and was looking for somewhere to get some good gumbo but close to bus depot and thank god this place was literally a less than 100 yards away!
We got seated very quickly and ordered a coffee and the waitress recommended the the gumbo ya-ya and I got it with the jambalaya rice. One of my friends got the same thing and another friend got it with butter rice but in the bread bowl. 
Now, I was so ridiculously hungry from shivering for 2 hours while on the swamp tour (this was around new years and weather was below 50F), that I gobbled it down in under 5 minutes. I already know that eating food too quickly can be bad for you..... and I found that out the hard way. Oh my goodness, I had to go to the bathroom almost immediately. I cannot express accurately how instantly the reaction was but yeah, it was bad.
My friend who got the same thing, ate a little slow but a few hours later, it hit her too. It did not affect my other friend.
Normally I have a pretty good stomach but I have no idea what caused this reaction in both of us! We did add a good amount of Tabasco but I love that stuff! It could totally have been that but we'll never know.
The reason I'm still giving this place good reviews is because I actually genuinely liked the food. The gumbo was delicious and maybe it was just the two of us, who added too much Tabasco. Who knows but I don't think I'll be back any time soon to try it but I would recommend it for anyone who uses a light hand for the Tabasco. Sad that I had this experience but the food was good and it was hopefully just with us.If I could rate this place a ZERO I would. The food was terrible and service from last night was even worse!!! Our waitress took forever to bring our food and even forgot to order mine. Waited and waited but she was nowhere to be found. No other staff around to ask either. And a Sprite?! I reminded her 3 or 4 times before she brought it to me. I would understand if the restaurant was busy but we were literally the only ones there!!! That says a lot about a place when it's completely empty. Her excuse was that she's pregnant but so am I! Still no excuse to not do your job!my first time in new orleans. my dad loves this place. service was crap but whatever. had a shrimp po boy which was delicious. thought the fries were good tho. had a taste of the gumbo it was good. sat outside at 8:30 pm it was cold. all in all this place aint bad id come back. for 3 people for dinner i believe the bill was $46 not bad.The place looked empty, which was a bit discouraging, but it had good reviews on Yelp and we decided to try anyway. It was good that we did, as we enjoyed very flavourful and tasty food. Service is neither fast, nor great, but if you are not in a rush, the food is worth a try. We had the crawfish etouffee and the chicken jambalaya and both were excellentThree stars are probably more than I should give...Cute enough restaurant, friendly wait staff, but in the south I expect a restaurant to know how to fry food!  I had the fried seafood platter, white fish and shrimp, hush puppies,  fries and fried okra.  The white fish and okra were good and perfectly fried...yum!  However, I think the okra was frozen?  If the fish was frozen I could not tell, that's the good news! The shrimp, hush puppies and fries were way over cooked, yes, the shrimp, what I was really looking forward to, in the south, and Louisiana being known for their shrimping...so disappointed; I think it was frozen as well, even if not, over cooked and over battered! 
My husband had a sample of three of their gumbos..jambalaya, gumbo and crawfish étouffée.; his favorite was the étouffée...the jambalaya was more like a dirty rice and the jambalaya was just so so....
Save your money and pass this place by...last night in New Orleans, wanted good seafoods and was disappointed!We came here because my aunt said the jambalaya was one of the best. She didn't know that it was no longer the original establishment that she would usually order from. It closed down months prior. We still proceeded to place an order of jambalaya to go. We were directed to the bar and there were two bartenders busy working. That's fine. You're busy. I get it but no acknowledgement? We waited for some time thinking they would assist us and take our order after they finished making the drinks or maybe tell us that someone else would be with us shortly. Nothing. At least say something. We were very confused. After waiting for sometime, someone else finally came and took our order. I believe it was the manager. Not to sure. 
Blackened chicken Cajun jambalaya - the blackened chicken tasted good. It was juicy and very flavorful. It wasn't mixed in with the jambalaya. The jambalaya was mushy but it was ok. 
A few bites left and then I find a strand of hair in my food. Fantastic way to complete my first experience with gumbo ya-ya even if it was only take out.Don't travel to New Orleans without making sure you visit Gumbo Ya Ya.  The food is YUMMY-the environment is so fun and the service is terrific!
The team at Gumbo YaYa went above and beyond to create and amazing experience for everyone-VERY IMPRESSIVE-prices are great too!!!We ate here while in town for Mari Gras. We had our first ever Gumbo. We got the Gumbo Ya Ya and it was quite tasty. We had Bud Light drafts, which tasted a lil off... But the burgers we got made up for it! Hostess did forget about us, as we we're added to the wait list and went to the bar for drinks, and she forgot we went to the bar. When I checked in with her, after what seemed like a longer wait then mentioned, she quickly apologized and had us seated immediately. Staff was attentive, even though it was busy. All in all we had a happy experience. Would recommend if your nearby.Great food, delicious drinks! Got the gumbo here and it comes in a bread bowl - the bread itself is enough to convince you to get the gumbo, so good! The fried fish platter comes with soooooo much fish. Their burger is also terrific. They have a big space and it's right by the river, easy to stop by when walking on Decatur st.Atmosphere, food, and service was great. I had the blackened chicken jambalaya and a side of okra. It was delicious. Staff was friendly.So, I have to admit that I ignored the reviews. The gumbo was good and the fried okra was good as well. The entrees, eh. I have had better buttermilk fried chicken at fast food chains. We waited over 10 minutes for a table and got inside to about 6 occupied tables. We drank only water...no offer to refill. Coupon for free appetizer that we were given on the street was not accepted- not a huge deal, but really.Visited Gumbo Ya-Ya on vacation. They offered both indoor and outdoor seating which was nice because it was a beautiful day out. Our server was very polite and did a nice job. We ordered two hurricanes which were very tasty. I ordered the seafood jumbo which included shrimp, crab, andouille sausage and chicken I believe served with buttered rice in a French bread bowl. It was just a little spicy and over all was very nice. My boyfriend had the duck and andouille sausage gumbo served over jambalaya in a bread bowl. He devoured it so I assumed it was good. Great experience.First off this used to be the Gumbo Pot but is now the Current restaurant. We walked around for 35 minutes looking for the gumbo pot which does not exist. But it was fine so we sat down and that's when shit hit the fan! There was only one server with an inside seating of 5 tables and an outside seating of 4. When we sat down it took the nice guy 15 mins to visit due to us not knowing whether or not we were going to stay and once we decided to stay it took another 15 mins for drinks and we were told that we needed to wait to place our order. At this point the server has turned away 5 possible tables due to being short staffed mind you there was a server in the back rolling silverware and another server who looked like they were strung out on drugs walking from the restaurant to the back of the building. Once we were cleared to place our order we watched the server tell an already seated table that he would need permission to place their order. He then comes to our table takes our order and leaves. The food took 25 minutes and all we ordered was Gumbo Ya-Ya, Okra, and boudain balls. The food finally came and the gumbo and okra was hot and the boudain balls never showed so we asked what happened to them and the chef said the order for those were never placed. At this point I ask the server where was his help why aren't there more people and he could not give a direct answer. Once the food was redone it was pretty good I'm glad we went even though the service was awful!Gumbo Ya-Ya? No-No!!  We sat down at 11:42 we didn't get our food until 12:25. Over 40 minutes. The real problem was that at least 5 other groups that sat down after us and received their meals before us. When we noticed at least 3 of them receiving their meals before us, we mentioned it to the waitress & she went to the kitchen to check. She said they haven't forgotten about us, "your order is next up". Well two additional groups got their orders in that meantime. She came back to the table and said, "it's coming". That's when my husband asked her to send the manager out with it. The manager actually is the one that brought the meals to the table. After placing them all down, he said "ok, is everything ok!?"  My husband said, "NO, it's not". Explaining everything to the manager, the manager then said, "ok what would you like me to do".  REALLY DUDE?!!  You're the manager, I shouldn't be having to tell you what you can do for me when YOUR kitchen totally dropped the ball. He actually told us that the order was out 15 minutes after the order was submitted (blaming it on the waitress, which in itself is bad form).  Well we told the waitress and she said that wasn't true & went and printed the ticket and physically showed us when the order was submitted to the kitchen, which was 11:46, 4 min after we sat down.  So basically the manager lied and sailed the waitress up the river. The reason that I'm so exact on the times is because we'd used the pay and park parking lot just outside the restaurant, and by the time we got our food to the table, our $18 one hour of paid time was about to expire. That's one of the things that I asked, was could he validate parking and he promptly told me "ohhhh, no, I can't do that. That would be over 70 Bucks". Not sure where he came up with that, but, ok. Then he was still standing there waiting for US to tell him what we wanted for him to do. My husband had to tell him to take something off of the bill to help us compensate for our parking.  The manager adjusted the bill, but that wasn't even the whole point.  First of all he lied about the time it took the food to come out, then he lied on the waitress, then left it up to US to decide what should be done about it. I give them 1 star because the waitress maintained her cool and professionalism even after my husband promptly told her that her manger lied on her. The food was just ok. There's nothing earth shattering about the gumbo. According to our situation, 5 out of every 6 people will get there food just fine, and be moving about their day, but if you're that 1 person, it's really not all that great to be taking the chance when there are so may other REALLY good places in the city.Yummmmmm!!! I really enjoyed the fried okra! It was their first night- service was on-point. Very good food, nice atmosphere, good prices. Our server Deondre was the BEST!Absolutely amazing. Great food and service it speaks straight to your soul. Danielle is amazing and very informative! Great restaurant and amazing service!!!We had a few hours to kill before leaving for the airport and were already in the Jackson Brewery building anyway, so we decided to stop and each get a bowl of gumbo before heading home.
Upon entering from inside the Jackson Brewery building, we saw a sign that said to see a host if you wanted to be seated outside.  We planned on eating inside, so we went to grab a table.  An employee in the corner who was preparing silverware yelled to us to go outside and see the host to be seated anywhere, not just inside.  That was fine - we decided it would be better to eat outside anyway.
So here was where the visit got very interesting.
We were seated by the host who promised to bring us some silverware soon.  That didn't happen, but in all fairness he seemed to be helping the other staff members.  There appeared to only be two servers working at the time, both covering the indoor and outdoor seating.  The first was a blonde woman, the other a tall man.  The guy was serving the table behind us, and from the first interaction I saw him having with them, it was obvious he had a huge chip on his shoulder.  The woman ordering had a question about a drink on the menu, and his tone and inflection when answering her question made me pray he wasn't going to be our server.  Prayer ignored.
After we'd been seated for 10 minutes, he came over to ask what we wanted to drink.  My friend ordered a water.  I wanted a diet, which wasn't a clear enough instruction for him, because he gave me a look that said "What?"  So I clarified - a "diet pop."  "A diet COKE?" was what he responded with, with an absolutely ridiculous attitude.  If he were a beloved sassy best friend on a sitcom the delivery could have worked.  In the professional setting of a restaurant with strangers, it did nothing but piss me off. 
By the way, those drinks came another 10 minutes later.
He didn't visit our table again, even after my friend stopped him and said we'd like to order... 50 minutes after we had been seated.  That wasn't enough to get him to take our order, either.  Instead we saw him walking around, clearing tables, and visiting other customers who already had their food.  10 minutes after we told him we were ready to order (having been here an hour at this point), the other server was walking by and noticed we were still sitting there without food.  She asked if we had been able to place our order with our server yet, and immediately took out her order pad and apologized for the delay.  She took our order to the kitchen with the promise to ask them to bump it up to the front because we had been waiting for so long.
Then... the original waiter returned to take our order.  After he said something along the lines of "What do you want?" I informed him another server already took our order.  He snapped his pen.  He slammed his order pad closed.  And he stood there.  Silently.  Staring.
Oh, this was a super comfortable experience.  It was like being at Dick's Last Resort, only without the charm, and this guy wasn't joking.  He was just a dick, without the last resort.  I spent most of the remainder of the visit wondering about his backstory.  Why was he like this to strangers?  I imagined a bunch of scenarios, all of which I'll keep to myself as none of them are remotely kind.  
I also wonder what sort of hold he has over the manager of this place, because there is absolutely no way this man should still have a job, and it is obvious he doesn't want to be there.
Our food came out within four minutes of the nicer, way more competent server taking our order.  We both enjoyed the gumbo we ordered (one chicken and sausage and one duck and andouille), even though the bowl really didn't have too much in it for what you pay.
When we were ready to pay we made sure that she was going to get the tip, and we had a nice chat with her about her coworker's attitude.We stopped by before an event at the Jackson place. We were a party of 8. Almost everyone sent their gumbo back as it was cold. My Gumbo Ya-Ya was good but not hot enough. The lady who served us was very nice and knowledgeable.This place was pretty good, I actually pulled the wrong location up and wanted to go to gumbo shop but end up at the location because of the parking.... Anyway, It was a hot weekend and the thought of getting a hot soup in summer did not seem like a good idea but I hadn't had any my whole weekend in New Orleans and I was on my way to return home to Houston. We arrive and not really greeted, u til we just sat ourselves at the table. The server came over and greeted us immediately as we sat to get drink orders. I order the appetizer recommended by server which was the Geaux geaux shrimp, a mix of corn relish and fried shrimp with sauce, it was decent. For the meal we had the seafood gumbo with rice and it come with a thin slice of garlic bread. The gumbo was delicious and filling. The bowl of gumbo was just enough to fill my tummy. I will return when I'm back in New Orleans.The gumbo was awesome! The service, not so much. If not for the poor service, I would have given this place 5 stars. Still, the gumbo is worth a return trip.This is by far the Worst restaurant we have been to. We ordered drinks and an entree and it took 20 mins to get the drink. After 45 minutes they came and asked us if we have been waited on. We said yes, and no one came around for another 20mins.  Finally we asked for the check, they came out with some one else meal, we said No, check us out now, because we had plans. Very bad Service,  very bad managementI liked the ambience and outdoor seating. The cocktails are great, and the staff was beyond friendly. But the gumbo tasted like Zatarain's out the box. I honestly could have made it at home haha. Don't waste your money; it's a tourist trap.I sat at the bar on the opening night and had 2 bowls of gumbo. First was the Gumbo Ya Ya (seafood gumbo) over potato salad. Loved it.  Second was the chicken and sausage gumbo over jambalaya.  I was very good also.  The prices are reasonable. I recommend this restaurant.There's a lot of things I liked about this place. They have covered outdoor seating. The host outside was super nice and accommodating our first night there so we decided to check it out. It's super close to the waterfront. Best of all, they allow dogs.
I don't know that much about gumbo but theirs was really yummy to me. My husband got his in a bread bowl. That garlic bread is delicious. We came back a couple of more times before we left. 
I also got their shrimp creole before I left New Orleans. I don't think I had New Orleans style shrimp creole.  I liked it but i think I liked my version better. 
I have to hand it to the staff. We came in pretty close to closing one night. I didn't realize that they closed early on Sundays. They still accommodated us and we're awesome.Horrible in most ways. Ordered gumbo ya ya & seafood & okra. Sat at the bar. Bartender had no idea what a Pilsner was. Pronounced "lager" as "lay-ger" ??? Napkin-wrapped utensils arrived with paper still stuck on the knife blade from the previous use which survived the wash. Also meant someone should have noticed it when assembling the utensil/napkin combo.Worst of all, what we ordered was lukewarm at best!!! This has to be a health code violation because this food last saw heat a very long time ago. This had to be just setting out. We couldn't eat it.We visited Gumbo Ya-Ya as our first stop after arriving in the city of New Orleans. It was later in the evening around 7:30pm and we sat on the patio. I ordered the Gumbo Ya-Ya and my partner ordered the Chicken & Sausage Gumbo both in the garlic French bread bowl. I don't know if it was a result of being there almost at closing time but neither of the gumbo bowls had much protein to speak of if any at all. At the end of the meal I was leaving still hungry and feeling like I had a meal in a tourist trap.We had the gumbo ya-ya and the turtle soup. Never having had turtle soup before I'm not sure if it was good or not but we didn't care for it. The Gumbo Ya Ya was pretty good we had it with the jambalaya rice and I think that added more flavor to it.We decided to eat here for breakfast during our stay in New Orleans because the wait for beignets was extremely long and this restaurant was nearby with no wait.  We had amazing breakfast/brunch food - this was definitely the best restaurant we had brunch at during our stay (also ate at two chicks and Daisy Dukes in Saint Charles).  Collectively our group got chicken & waffles, 2 classic Benedict's, and pancakes & eggs along with bloody Mary's and mimosas.  The bloody Mary's were pretty good also.One would think the Gumbo Ya Ya would be good. It was not. Bland and uncooked rice in it. Server came to get drinks and food order and never checked in again. They do have free WiFi so if you want some mediocre food and connect to Internet it's your place.The price is right, but portions are lacking.
We wanted gumbo on the last day of our trip and found Gumbo Ya-Ya while in the area. We were surprised by the price: $6.50 for gumbo. However, we understood why when the food arrived. The portions were small and probably could've been named as an appetizer instead. So underwhelming. The service was almost nonexistent as our server seemed to be waitressing almost everyone in the restaurant so it took awhile to get our checks.The gumbo is horrible the waitresses are clueless. They came out with our order no idea what was what. The
Portions are small. Not authentic at all. Don't waste your timeFirst time in NOLA and stopped by this place before our planned steamboat ride for some drinks & appetizers. We were pleasantly surprised by the Bayou Boudin Balls & the Chicken & Sausage Gumbo. Granted it was only our 2nd time trying gumbo but we found it delicious. The drinks were also reasonably priced for the area. We ordered a Margarita & a Jack Daniels ($9 each). 
Lastly, they were understaffed tonight but you wouldn't have known it. Our hostess Kezia was extra accommodating and our server Destiny was very attentive. All in all, great experience!The service here was absolutely horrible and if I could I'd give them a 0. The hostess who seated us was nice but that's as far as the good things I have to say about this place goes. The food itself was decent (nothing to rave about). The place was pretty empty but our server was still slow getting to use all night. My grandma is allergic to shrimp and asked multiple times beforehand if her meal had any in it. They told her no. At the end of the meal she had a horrible allergic reaction, her face swelled and she had to leave. But what made the experience worse was our waitress and the manager argued with us for over 20 minutes telling us the meal did not have shrimp and maybe she just ate something or someone else's food. They were not helpful or friendly at all during this time, and even after when we asked for split checks they first refused, and then when they agreed didn't do it right and just had an attitude with us until we left. It was absolute horrible service.Tiny, tiny portions.  The gumbo comes in a deceiving bowl that looks like it has more volume than it does.  Lasts about 4 bites.   Plus, no big chunks of seafood or anything.  Below average tasting food.  There are many better places nearby.I went for a quick gumbo stop-had multiple gumbo options which I liked. Enjoyed the gumbo ya-ya I had and came out quick and hot.On the riverfront. This place might upgrade itself to a three with a little extra effort. We were seated promptly without reservations, but service was *extremely* slow, inexplicably so since it was really not that busy. OK spot for a quick bite to eat IF it was "quick". 
We had a very pleasant waitress take our orders (when one finally came to our table) but two others served us (one who brought drinks and one who brought food). No check-backs, no refills. Food was good, but portions small (for the prices). TIP for management: get your staff better organized and add a little more of that tasty gumbo to the bowl.We ordered the Gumbo after doing some research on Instagram and the servings were unbelievably small and there was hardly any meat in it. The price to quantity ratio was absolutely off and disappointing. The servings were small and the prices were NOT justifiable. I was very disappointed. Also the service was slow. Not a fan.My wife and I went with 2 friends. I got the southern fried fish platter. It was good with good portion size. Both friends got 2 different kinds of gumbo and they said it was very good. Everyone but me got a different poboy and enjoyed. All commented that they don't care for the style of bread used; big crunchy French bread but I guess that's a New Orleans thing. The best poboy bread is at the Lighthouse in Bayou La Batre, AL. Friends got bloody mary's that were $10. Seems they have tourist prices.Absolutely fantastic! My family and I recently cruised out of New Orleans and enjoyed 2 separate meals here - one before we left and breakfast upon our return. I don't know that I have had a creamier more delicious breakfast. My wife had some divine andoille sausage beignets. One of the best parts of this dining experience was the patio dining that was uber clean and staffed with an exceptional wait staff. Iyana was our waitress that we will never forget as she was so very accommodating and kind to my family. I guarantee that our next visit to New Orleans will include at least one meal at Gumbo Ya Ya. Good luck and Dare to Dine!Quick lunch with gumbo and okra.  Didn't care too much for the okra, but the gumbo was good. 
Didn't like the staff chewed gum and let ya know they had gum - open mouth chew.  
Might try again....I had a crappy server. I came in with my 1 year old and 4 year old while my wife was at a convention. The food took to long to come out. The kids were impatient throwing the menus and crayons on the floor. Typical kids hungry behavior. Finally the food comes out. Gumbo was warm but tasty. Small portion. Kids burger was charged with a slice of cheese on it. My son took two or three bites the entire time. I took a bite and I wouldn't have wanted it either. The server came and asked my son how's everything? Like he's going to give her a straight answer. I told her the burger was to charred for a child. She said ok no problem and walked away. I didn't know if she was going to bring another one or take it off the bill. She just walked away. I never saw her again in my life. Finally when I was ready to go a server from another section saw that we were ready and me our check. Burger on the bill. No biggie, only $5 but I still have to find something for my son so eat dinner. The fact that I had to stop again for dinner was upsetting. My recommendation is to take pride in your restaurant. You're in the heart of New Orleans. You don't want folks going back home saying New Orleans restaurants are crappy. I also want to note that I had a side of collard greens. While I was extremely disappointed because they weren't homemade but rather out of the can, they actually turned out to be extremely delicious. I wouldn't go back. To many places to choose from.Great location for convenience and people watching. Next to paddle wheel boat departure and arrival sight. 
Staff is very friendly and helpful, but service is very, very slow. It was not that full and I waited 45 minutes for my food. Some groups left. 
Food is good; not great, not bad. Creative menu items.Location was great but service was mediocre. Came here on a Monday and it wasn't even busy. No one acknowledged us until 30 mins later and we had to flag them down. After that it took 10 minutes for us to get our drinks..... the waitress was nice but everything took so long. We didn't even have time to order our food since we were already sitting there for almost an hour. Will not recommend this place at all.This restaurant is the worst we've had in NOLA. The food was subpar to say the least. The portions were tiny for the price. I got the taste of New Orleans which is a choice between a few different dishes. I got the crawfish étouffée, seafood gumbo, and jambalaya. The gumbo was saltier than the Dead Sea and that's what their known for. Plus, there was a minimal amount of seafood. Besides the food the environment was completely unremarkable. Minimal decoration, way too much seating for the amount of people there, seating it cheap and uncomfortable. You can tell the staff is unorganized. Our waiter didn't check on us the entire time.Only had drinks there but they were delicious and the bartender was great, very friendly and social. French 70 something drink was so good!With all the places to eat in the Quarter this wasn't my first pick. 
Gumbo Ya- Ya is in the Jackson Brewery building which is a great location to watch pedestrians on Decatur street, see the Natchez Queen steamboat , hear the street musicians AND they have great food!
I started with the turtle soup  which was everything I could dream of ( creamy , rich, and delicious) add an Abita beer with muffuletta Sliders all fantastic! 
It was my server Saya that made this experience top notch! She was enthusiastic, engaging, spirited about her heritage and of her love for the cuisine of which she was serving and that she made at home. The passion and warmth of really caring if your food was too your liking  shone through.
Thank you Saya for making my dining experience memorable. I look forward to coming here again because of you.Our favorite brunch spot in New Orleans so far!! We were waiting near the Toulouse Station for a plantation tour and decided to get some sustenance before heading out.  We were very pleased with the promptness of our service, the food was amazing, and it was a beautiful morning to sit on their patio!  I decided to get breakfast and had a very delicious & nutritious, egg-white omelet with veggies and feta cheese, and a multi-grain bread with butter - while a "healthy" option, it was actually extremely flavorful!! My husband decided to get something more traditional and got the Jumbalaya that had both chicken and sausage in it, which was also wonderful!! I would highly recommend trying this place, especially if you will be in that area already for a tour.The service was great. My dining companion had the best Bloody Mary on our trip here. The Gumbo Ya Ya was full of flavor and loaded with goodies. Our Po-boy was delicious. The service was prompt and friendly. Definitely worth trying.The chicken tenders with garlic butter are amazing! And our server Alex was extremely helpful with his suggestions!This place looks attractive and the staff is good but they need help with some things. They leave their red wine around too long until it has turned. I had to taste 3 different bottles before I found a good one. Also the chicken in their Caesar salad was like leather, completely over cooked. The gumbo was excellent tho.Me and my family went to Gumbo Ya-Ya and had a good time. I personally had the Jumbo Ya-Ya and it was amazing I highly recommend this restaurant and this dish. The server was good with a very good a attitude throughout the day. She came and checked on my family every so often but at the same time she let us have our family time. The food is great and the people are welcomed when you sit down. This was my first time at a New Orleans restaurant and I surprisingly felt right at home.Good stuff, attentive staff. I really enjoyed the duck and andouille gumbo. Great hurricanes too!Amazing food and super awesome service. Colleen is a sweetheart. She will make your meal experience unforgettable.Amazing food. Best we've had so far. Definitely ask for Alex as your server. We had the chicken tenders as our appetizer and the Gumbo Ya-Ya as our meal. They also have a lot of original drink mixes as well.We came here because we saw all of the classics and the place had a nice outdoor seating area. The food was pretty good and the prices were what you'd expect for a tourist stop. Like everybody else, the service is a bit slow. I think it's because they only have 3 people serving. It's still a nice spot.Great service! True New Orleans hospitality. A plethora of specialty cocktails and drinks. The Bloody Mary was actually really good here. Good options for food for both locals and tourists alike. A true gem in the quarter from the moment you're greeted to the moment you leave. Definitely recommend.Where do I start? The service was good, no issue with my waitress.  The food however, is worth a 2 star at the most.  I'm from Houston so I've had plenty of gumbo, and I figured a place with gumbo in their name should have some decent gumbo, but was I disappointed.  The "seafood" gumbo I ordered had like few pieces of tiny shrimp size of my finger nail.  The  fried chicken on top was stale and dry, in fact, it was barely warm.  I can't imagine what other food would taste like.  I would not recommend this $16 gumbo to anyone.We had a fun lunch here. Our server, Saya, was absolutely charming with a gift of repartee. We ordered chicken and waffles for the first time so didn't know what to expect. We decided they were tasty, but I like my waffles a tad more crispy. Outside seating was pleasant as well.The food is great-what creates an exceptional experience is the people!  This place has character & soul!  Joe, the manager, went above and beyond for our daughter when she was traveling with a school group.  Frankly, I was amazed at the care, urgency,and follow up everyone exhibited at the restaurant.  This restaurant has just moved to the top of our list of favorites!Great food but even better service! Maiya was so friendly and knowledgeable! She knew the menu very well and gave great suggestions! Thank you, Maiya!Awful experience this trip. I don't know what happen to the quality of service in this place but it has tanked. This used to be one of our favorite places
Our server was awful and never brought our drinks. The outside patio was 70% full but there was NO ONE inside. No excuse for never putting in our drink order or food order. 
Do yourself a favor, wait in the line at Cafe Beignet to get breakfast.This past weekend, I set out to fully explore the French Quarter of New Orleans. About ten miles into my 21 mile day, I started to feel light headed and realized all I had in my body in the last 12 hours was tequila, it was time to eat.
Gumbo Ya-Ya sits about a block from Jackson Square and is hard to miss if you're walking around the area. They have a nice patio with heaters and cloth napkins. The staff was really friendly and attentive, my server was La-La and she brought me several glasses of water and sweet tea without having to ask.
I ordered the meat lovers taters because I wanted to continue my day and needed the carbs and protein. When my meal arrived, I was really very impressed. A nice little skillet of seasoned home fries topped with andouille sausage, breakfast sausage, cheese, and bacon. They were very generous with all of the meat and it tasted great! It came with a giant, beautiful, fluffy biscuit that you only find in the South. There were eggs too, but I didn't eat them. All for $10. 
The food, atmosphere, staff, and service is fantastic here. Check them out if you're in the Quarter!It took 45 minutes to get our breakfast in this out door restaurant while there were only 3 other occupied tables. There was only ONE waitress working there and one hostess that only contributed to the business by talking in her phone. Tables remained un-bussed while people waited for a table. We complained to the manager and he discounted our check by 50%. That hardly made up for the 90 minutes we wasted there!This restaurant is the worst we've had in NOLA. The food was subpar to say the least. The portions were tiny for the price. I got the taste of New Orleans which is a choice between a few different dishes. I got the crawfish étouffée, seafood gumbo, and jambalaya. The gumbo was saltier than the Dead Sea and that's what their known for. Plus, there was a minimal amount of seafood. Besides the food the environment was completely unremarkable. Minimal decoration, way too much seating for the amount of people there, seating is cheap and uncomfortable. You can tell the staff is unorganized. Our waiter didn't check on us the entire time.Had a great dinner here last night. The service was good and had a nice chat with the GM. The French Onion soup was delicious...so rich and cheesy it could have been a full meal. Fish Po boy was great. Look forward to a return visit.Great service, friendly and knowledgeable staff, really good food, quick lunch. Try the Gumbo Ya-Ya Sampler.  Convenient location if you are taking the Natchez Steamboat.Good gumbo and breakfast  (cheese grits are very good). This place was recommended by our server at the Royal House. Luckily, just as he suggested good items at the royal house - the same was with Gumbo Ya-Ya. This place can easily be overlooked because on yelp they don't have the best reviews, but now I'm starting to overlook those 4-5 stars on yelp. There has been a few places that I've tried based off of yelp reviews that were absolutely disgusting.  Now here is little o' Gumbo Ya-Ya with 3 1/2 stars and great food. Check them out!My experience here was amazing. My waitress Raven was so attentive. Brian the manger made sure everything was to my satisfaction. The atmosphere was very warm and welcoming. I love the staff!! I had the sampler and my son had the chicken and Waffles. Both were amazing. The seafood gumbo is the truth! I can't wait to come back!We were taking a stroll on Decatur in the French Quarter area and saw this little place next to the Mississippi River.  You can't miss it if you know where the Toulouse Station is.
Well, you couldn't of guessed what we ate, gumbo!  It was very good, for real and it was so good, that I ordered a crawfish Po Boy!  Service was great, food was awesome!  I loved the gumbo but the Po Boy was dry for my taste.  Maybe I need to learn how to dress it up.  
What was also interesting about this place were the  decor alligators hanging on the walls and ceilings!  If you didn't know you were in Louisiana, well those gators would definitely let you know along with the smell of the gumbo!  Honestly, where ever we ate in NOLA, we ordered a bowl of gumbo and this made the best so far!The food was very good, flavor was creole and delicious,  if gumbo is in your name it better be good and it didn't disappoint. If this kitchen would step up their presentation this place would belong on Decatur St. on the riverfront, flavor is there it's just ain't much to look at. The atmosphere was casual with some jazz playing in the background, i really enjoyed the whole experience.Inexplicably slow...
I chose this spot thinking that gumbo would be fast.  I told the host and the waiter that I needed to leave in 20 min, so needed our food fast.  We ordered as we sat down and paid wile we were waiting.  15 min in, I told the waiter I really needed to have at least a few bites of my food before I had to go.  22 min in, still no gumbo, and I had to leave without my food.  
It looked good.  Wish I could have tried it.Tyree took wonderful care of my boyfriend and I for lunch yesterday. I just munched on some fried okra and cheese grits (both were super yummy) and my boyfriend got the duck gumbo and the gumbo yaya. We were extremely pleased with our lunch at Gumbo Yaya because of the wonderful food and great service we received.Conveniently located across from Lighthouse, Trolley tracks and Natchez Steamboat. Try their Gumbo Sampler and Alligator Bites! I didn't think I would go that far, but man those gator bites were awesome and tender. The dressing was a great topper.Had lunch here and of coarse had some Gumbo. Some the best gumbo and jambalaya I have ever had. Service was good and drinks were on point. Great place right in bottom floor of Jax brewery.Went to gumbo ya-ya on Friday with my daughter and granddaughter Corey was our server she was excellent when you go to gumbo ya-ya definitely ask for CoreyWe were here 3 days and ate here on the way out of town. Should have eaten here every day! Food and drinks were great!  Boudin balls and Andouille Beignets were amazing. So many choices! The staff was very friendly. The manager even help serve us - that never happens where we live.A couple my friends and I brunched here during my weekend birthday celebration in NOLA. We had a lot of fun, and this was an added treasure. The location is perfect for tourists being right near the steamboat, the mall, eateries and all of your shopping pleasures. The area is so cute & quaint; so we had a ball.
With that being said the food was quite tasty. I ordered the triple threat potato hash with a cup of gumbo- deeelicious! My friends order traditional breakfast items like French toast, eggs, etc. Everything was so fresh and perfect for after a night of drinking (wink).
The decor was nice inside and out, and the staff were all pleasant. We even had the pleasure of witnessing a New Orleans band parade through the area. Very nice!
My only downside was that it took an extremely long time for the food considering it was not that many people, and the waitress missed a couple of things like silverware. Otherwise, I'd give it another shot when I return.We spotted this place because of their bottomless mimosas sign. The name didn't disappoint as our gumbo was excellent! The service was superior and everyone in my group raved about their food! Will definitely be back during our next visit!Good food. Slow service. 
The duck gumbo was  and the tater plate was 
If our waitress sees this - his name was Akil. He's been dating a girl for two weeks but it isn't seriousThe wait time is way too long. The waiter was pretty nice but he was clumsy and dropped our beverages. Our stuff was soaked and our menus were dripping wet. He also messed up on the sweet teas too. The food took so long to get to us and they forgot our cocktails We had to remind them about it, then they finally got us the cocktails. Our food shouldn't have took so long but it was quite good. Our seafood platter was more French fries than actual seafood but overall, the food wasn't bad. I would give it a 2 starTotally disappointed...chicken & waffles were spongy. The chicken "nuggets" where from McDonalds.. I could've went there if I wanted that. Nice waitress though.Fun stop for breakfast. 
Accommodated my shellfish allergy!
Layla great server 
Plus flow all you can drink mimosas are great valueThis is such a great location, right by the river. The staff is friendly, I never had to ask for drink refills, or anything else.  The prices are also very fair, especially when you are in The French Quarters. Whenever I am in this area, this is the place I choose.Didn't care for the chicken n waffles- very dry all the way around. Gumbo was alright and so was our waitress.Attentive and entertaining wait staff. Fried okra, salad with blackened shrimp, collard greens, gumbo sampler.Poor service. Waited for awhile for our witress who waited on another table who came in 5 to 10 min after us.The food here is excellent, the servers and hostesses were all very sweet and provided excellent service. I had the gumbo ya ya cup and the duck/andouille gumbo cup. 
This place is really cute and I'm sure I will return in the future, the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because we had to wait a really long time for our food to come out and some of my boyfriends food was cold. However, when I mentioned something to our waitress about the cold food, she was very sweet about it and gave us a discount on the food. 
It could have just been a really busy day for them to be that slow but they definitely made up for it with excellent hospitality.Food is excellent . Drinks are excellent. Service is top notch. Try the Belvedere strawberry spritz.....Easily the worst restaurant I've eaten at in my multiple visits to New Orleans. Coming with a group of six, we were sat right away inside as the patio was full. The inside was empty and frankly we should have walked out right then. Our waiter came up to us shortly after and we told her we would be splitting our checks by person, which threw her off a little. She brought half of us water as she didn't want to take our drink orders until she took our food orders as to make it easier to spit checks. Finally, after 10 minutes, we put in our food orders. 
We sat there and enjoyed conversation and even had the manager approach us and recommend activities for the day. This was the one good thing that happened the whole meal. It took 40 minutes for us to get our food. This whole time, we are still basically one of two/three groups in the inside portion of the restaurant. When we received our food, two of the members of our group order the jambalaya, which costs $17. The portion size was equivalent to that of a cup of soup and both of them finished the meal in under 3 minutes. I ordered the chicken ceaser salad which lacked chicken. Another member ordered a cheeseburger which was over cooked. The muffuletta was dry chicken with plain olives on top. The seafood gumbo lacked any seafood. 
When we went to pay our bill, I asked to have the chicken removed from the bill since I didn't receive any and she looked at me like I was crazy and offered me the military discount, coming out to $2 off the $14 salad. Another member of the group gave a $20 bill for the $6 gumbo and had to ask for her change after waiting 10 minutes. 
The whole group left and went to get another meal at Willies Chicken Shack afterwards as we were all still starving. I was highly disappointed for the price we paid and will never be coming back.service was bad. didn't get waited on for 30 minutes after they brought drinks, they forgot to take our order. would not recommend.This was a nice place my wife and I came too. Very nice service and staff. We ate outside because the weather was beautiful. They also had a special for bottomless mimosas which was 12.00 and for 2 breakfast i paid about 35 dollars which was not bad at all.Oh man - I hate to give bad reviews but this place was not good. To be fair, it's in a mall, which we didn't know until we got there. We had just gotten off the Natchez and my mom wanted gumbo. This was close by and it was raining so we went in. Mistake. 
Service was very slow, although our waitress was very sweet. We ordered sweet teas which weren't very sweet, but okay. When we went to order, we were then given a list of food to NOT order from our waitress, including meals we planned to order. While we were thankful (bc who wants to waste time) we should've taken that red flag and ran! Instead, we stayed and were disappointed. 
I ordered the shrimp po'boy which honestly wasn't bad. It was okay and I was fine. Someone ordered the Natchitoches meat pies that seemed to be frozen and cooked as well as the fried alligator which were pretty tiny and not a lot of meat. Someone else ordered the chicken ceasar salad with shrimp which was pretty good though it had too much dressing on it. Someone else ordered a fried seafood platter which was a lot of food and was ok, pretty generic. 
The last person ordered a breakfast meal (they have all day breakfast) with eggs, biscuits n gravy and a side of jambalaya. The eggs were over cooked and brown and the gravy wasn't good. The jambalaya was stiff like a boxed mixture and the person later had an upset stomach. 
Definitely wouldn't return and wouldn't suggest anyone else wasting their time when it's such good food in NOLA!Awesome!!! Great gumbo and lots more to choose from. Very nice decor and a very nice patio.Very nice people, great service, came in with my service dog and they where very polite unlike Cafe Fleur de lis.Had brunch here.  The food was ok.  I was unhappy that the only way you could get your eggs was scrambled.  Maybe it was just the day we came that eggs were not available to be cooked any other way but eggs Benedict with a scrambled egg just isn't eggs Benedict it my opinion.  My daughter had the gumbo it was alright I get it had a sight tinny taste to it but my day enjoyed it.If I could leave 0 stars I would. I ordered the seafood gumbo. I waited 45 minutes and it still hadn't come to the table. I finally had to ask for my food in a Togo cup. When I opens the container there was 1 shrimp the size of a dime with a quarter cup of sauce and about the same amount of rice. It was only ok. Service was disappointing at best. If your in the area avoid this place and go next door to the beignet place.We sat on the patio and ordered Taste of New Orleans (Seafood gumbo, cajun jambalaya, and crawfish etouffee) and the amazing "Geaux Geaux shrimp!!!I wound have given more stars but the service was SLOW. It took 30 minutes after we ordered to get our food. Our server Lala, checked on us ONCE. There was maybe 5-6 other families of less than 6 in the entire restaurant. I asked the manager what was taking so long, she blamed it on a big group. To me that means the staff should be warmed up ready to go. 2 servers is all we saw, the manager was just walking around. Maybe, the manager should step in and help and be a leader not just a manager all we saw her doing was walking around talking in her radio, if I had been the manager I would have stepped in to help my employees. My boss at my job will clean bathrooms if that's what needs to be done. He's a leader not just a boss. I will saw the food was good, though small portions for the price. I will come back and try again in November see if the service improves. So that's why your got 3 stars. Service was extremely slow for having hardly any customers in the business. However I can't wait to go back to see if maybe the employees were just having an "off" day. So see y'all in November!! Like I said the food was good.Awesome place!  We had breakfast two days in a row with great food and service.  Best Bloody Mary ever.  I would suggest as a must try.Where do I start, we came to this restaurant on July 2, 2019. My husband and I ordered the chicken and waffles as well as Shrimp and Grits. The food was amazing. The waffles was a bit floury but it was very tasteful. I was pleased with the order. Both orders came out to $42. I gave this restaurant (4) stars because the bartender wasn't the nicest. In addition we ordered a extra waffle and she gave it to us in the same plate as the chicken and waffle order. The restaurant is located on Decatur. Has amble seating.The waitress Gigi was very nice. The food not so much the shrimp and grits had a awkward taste and smell. The red beans, rice and chicken; chicken nuggets not pieces of fried chicken but the chicken did have an overall good reason for the 2 stars. The beans and rice needed seasoning. The sausage was a whole piece of sausage not sausage in the rice.the kids burger was good per my four year old .Came here with my sister while on vacation. It was our last day in town and we figured we couldn't leave town without trying gumbo. We decided to come here after walking around a bit. We both got the chicken and sausage gumbo. I also ordered a side of fried alligator to try because I figured why not. We shared a side of cheddar grits because we both had never tried grits before, and I had a hurricane to wash it all down. First, our server was amazing, she was super friendly and down to earth, which made the experience nice. The food exceeded my expectations. It was all really good. I would definitely try it again.Grateful we found this place where they are high on flavor and not on spice. A great intro to N'awlins' cuisine with a great wait staff and an inventive menu. Price for a bowl of gumbo is $6.50 which is $3 below the other restaurants in the same block. Great value too.Yummy local food.  Beignets, Protein, sugar, and caffeine.
Great service! If I had more time would go back.Went in for breakfast/lunch because it was close to where we were staying. The food was good, but overpriced for what it was. Good service, though.We had breakfast here while waiting on a ghost your. It was ok. Eggs over medium were well done. Bacon was good but not as crisp as I like. I should have asked for crisp and I'm sure they would have accommodated me. Friendly staff. Coffee was nowhere the cafe du monde, but then who is.I am giving Gumbo Ya-Ya a single star because it won't allow me to give anything less. I ordered the Blackened Chicken Cajun Jambalaya and it was dry. The chicken was very scarce and I couldn't taste the cajun. I was very disappointed in the food I paid good money for. Oh, and it's overpriced for the small "kids size" portion you receive. Reminds me of Zatarins boxed jambalaya.
My son got the chicken and waffles and the chicken was miserable .... more breading than chicken. And what's even uglier is it came out as chicken pieces (nuggets). I expect this from McDonalds but not Gumbo -Ya-Ya.
It has been quite some time since I was this disappointed in a dining establishment.Maybe it's me... but I would think if a restaurant has a name like this the GUMBO would be SLAMMIN'!!!  
This was not the case.  My daughter is allergic to seafood and wanted to order the chicken and sausage gumbo.  The only size for it comes in a cup.... so I asked, can we have a bowl since she's allergic??? She responded No it only comes in a cup.  Me:  so no other options???  Her:  No,  our kitchen is not set up like that.  Things go really, really fast so we can't accommodate.  Me:  You guys aren't busy... there are only 2 other occupied tables.
Daughter:  well I can just get 2 cups  Her:  yes u can do that.  
And to top it off the Gumbo was not good.    
Place is in a great location, has a cool name, MABE it was an off night.  Won't be going back though. 
Lastly, consider different options for nonseafood eaters.  Getting a bowl instead of a cup should be a given.  Your competitors seem to manage just fine.Will visit here every time I am in New Orleans! Food and mimosas were great!Breakfast and bloody mary's were some of the best in NOLA, and great prices! Colleen our server was very friendly and attentive! Couldn't have asked for a better experience.First and last time eating here. Customer service not so good and neither was the food. I had the gumbo ya ya and honestly this was the worst gumbo I've tried compared to other restaurants in the french quarter. Our food came out cold because the waiter didn't bring it out when it was done. The restaurant wasn't packed so not sure why our waiter wasn't more attentive. I told the waiter about the cold food and she blamed it on the cook.I was in from out of town to visit friends. We came here to eat and drink, the food was awesome!! Even better, Joe was fantastic with friendliness and recommendations of where to tour. Thanks Joe!!This was a good location and actually really good food. But there was no one there on a Saturday night and that should have been a huge red flag. 
We had a nice waitress but wasn't very attentive; the kitchen took over an hour to deliver our food which consisted of their signature gumbo, a burger, and a breakfast dish. Even the waitress knew it was bad and gave us free dessert. 
We we now why the tables were empty on a weekend night in the French quarter.Colleen was awesome! We had a party of 5, and she was very helpful and interactive. The food was delicious, and we received super fast service! I would highly recommend going!More like Gumbo no-no. We knew there was a reason the place was empty at prime dinner-eating time! Everyone else already knew, I guess. But in case you didn't get the memo like we hadn't, let me save you the sadness.Food is amazing!! Joe made the Best mimosas. Home away from home. Lala was very polite and hospitable. Will be back again!Dangit!! They got me...this is a straight tourist spot, buyer beware! The dishes are cooked with frozen shrimp, in the gulf, frozen shrimp!! (We literally saw someone from the kitchen walking through the dining room with 2 boxes of frozen shrimp). Disappointed is the word to use here. My jumba-ya ya was simply marinara sauce with frozen shrimp, old chicken and sausage. The gumbo...miniature popcorn shrimp and shredded crab remnants. Sigh...The picture are correct but the taste was not. Great service by the staff, but the food was no where near authentic to the local area. Get back to who you use to be! Stop cutting corners...Pros: customer service, food, location close to mississippi river, close to parking 
Cons: overpriced, TERRIBLE ODOR in the dining area, bathrooms needed attentionWe had the sampler. Gumbo,red beans and rice, and jumbalya. The AC. Was a nice respite. The cold beer was refreshing. The red beans and rice have been the best we have had on this trip. The jumbalya and gumbo were decent. The location is great...nice proximity to the Mississippi River. Prices were quit reasonable and the service was very fast.Awesome!!! Great gumbo and lots more to choose from. Great location right beside the Mississippi River.
Great foodFriendly and attentive staff. I'm allergic to shrimp and they asked my meal with no problem. I wanted additional bread for my parts plate and they provided me with some. My drink was so delicious. It was called strawberry shortcake. Food came out quickly.Would give negative stars if I could. Rudest service in the world. Management as well. Gave us a 7:45 reservation and then told us they're closing at 8. Rude from the moment we walked in. Don't bother going. The food is sub-par at best.I got the french toast, The food here is not great. Slow, HORRIBLE service and the restroom is FILTHY! There are gnats all over the restroom so imagine what it's like in the kitchen! 0/10 Do not recommend!We went on an afternoon where there wasn't many people we may have been the only people there. we were given a appetizer which was fried alligator and it was very tasty soon after we were given our Entre which was a trio of the gumbos all three were very cold seemingly have coming straight out of the refrigerator. I will never be back!I was referred to gumbo yaya by a local......I WAS SO IMPRESSED! I tried the seafood and okra gumbo and it was so flavorful! The  Immaculate customer service I received from Rasheed was hands down the BEST service I've received in New Orleans. I also had a small issue with my take out and manager Ms.E was very accommodating! The customer service and gumbo will have me coming back tomorrow!The food was bomb and the company of the waitress and the crew was even better. It's clean and wasn't even crowded.What a disappointment! I ate a salad with shrimp (can't remember the name of it) the shrimp was less than pleasing, almost like they hadn't been washed enough. The dressing was the best part of the salad. We had meat pies as an appetizer...again less than pleasing NO flavor! My daughter had jambalaya...chicken was try she didn't even eat 1/4 of it. Service wasn't great either, long wait when the place was nearly empty! IF I ever go back to New Orleans I will not eat here again! The hostess that seated us was wonderful and so was the fried okra!This place is awful. I felt extremely unwelcome. It took us about 10 minutes to be seated and then another 10 minutes before our waiter greeted us. Please note that the restaurant was not packed and now I know why, because the service is terrible.
The food was ok. I ordered the gumbo ya ya and thought it was great for the price. However I found out I paid a dollar per ounce of gumbo. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Accidentally stumbled across this place and we are so happy we did! I got the fried shrimp and my boyfriend got the crawfish po-boy. Both of the entrees were amazing! I only rated it 4 stars because there was only a groups eating in there when we were and the service was sorta slow. We will definitely be back though!Great place to just sit back and enjoy breakfast and the view. Food was very flavorful and the service was excellent.  Great job to everyone.It was good food, how ever a little bit expensive for the quality of food.  The Gumbo sampler was good, and all other dishes were OK.  Did not like the price tab, but the food was good quality, but not the best in New Orleans.Amazing food and super awesome service. Colleen is a sweetheart. She will make your meal experience unforgettable. 
A few days later we went there again. Colleen fed us very well and we spent some quality time to talk. We are friends now. That's wonderful. The food was great too.We were looking for a lunch that wasn't too much food or overly expensive and decided to try this. 
Overall, it was a solid experience but nothing to call home about. Service was quick, waitress was nice enough and the food was what we wanted at the time. 
My fiancé got the chicken gumbo and I was craving seafood so got the shrimp platter. He said the gumbo was awesome! I'd give the shrimp a 4/5. It is generic, but that's kinda what I needed, ya know?
Seems like a reliable lunch place for sureAVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!! 
Don't ever go to this place. Service is awful. I have never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant before. Our waitress acted acted like we personally offended her but existing. When my step mother and I asked her for tea she gave rolled her eyes at us for our requests. I work in a restaurant and I understand that coming in 30mins before closing isn't a worker's favorite thing but she was ABSOLUTELY AWFUL. I wish I could give negative stars. The chicken and sausage gumbo itself was okay but the rice was burnt. The cups were very small as well. We ordered beignets and it was NOT what we wanted. They were small burnt. To our surprise there was sausage in the beignets. They were essentially deep fried corn dogs with powdered sugar. Additionally the restaurant smelled horrid old, mildew rags. It's no wonder it was empty during Mardi Gras season. NEVER AGAIN!!!Stopped by this place because it was the first restaurant we found that had normal breakfast. I ordered chicken and waffle but it was basically a few nuggets with waffle. Waffle was okay but I  couldn't really bring myself to eat half of it. Won't come here again especially for the price.Unbelievable price of $17 to get an appetizer-sized plate of Jambalaya. The 3 bowl appetizer came with bread that was horrible. It was more like bread crumbs when bitten into. The side of grits was bland with not even a hint if salt. Very disappointed with all of the authentic cajun places to eat, this one just bit the dust for us. Across the Street and down a little ways is Cresent Brewery Restaurant which is by far better.Hostess was super friendly and helpful but overall their service is terrible. Our waiter never once came over to see how our meal was going or to ask if we wanted anything else. We got our check without asking for it or them ever inquiring if we wanted anything else. Food was ok but very slow in coming out.Elise and Lashanda(aka LaLa) is the best you have to ask for them..I love their hospitality and they recommended some good food..loved the gumbo I recommend this place..thanks for making our experience enjoyableCould have been better. 
First, it took forever to get seated. The sign said that a hostess on the patio would seat us and we waited for a good 8 minutes for her to appear. I kept sending my kids in and out to see if she'd notice us.
Then we were seated. Waiter was nice.
I went to the bathroom and one toilet was covered in vomit.
We ordered food and it came....kinda....
My daughter and I got gator and some andouille beignets. 
The gator came.
Some boudain came. 
I noticed the mistake but was too hungry to make a thing of it. I just the boudain and decided I'd just let our waiter know when I saw him. 
He noticed the mistake and corrected before I could mention it.
My andouille beignets came and they were pretty good. I also ordered the shrimp and cheese grits at about $20. 
The grits came in a little side dish.
The shrimp never came...
The waiter announced he was getting refills and just never did.
To their defense, the game was on. And I imagine they were more distracted than usual.
But I didn't have a great experience and the food wasn't good enough to inspire a return trip.
A solid "meh"We really wanted to like this place because it was our first stop in New Orleans after a very long drive, but unfortunately, it wasn't what we expected. We were sat promptly, and our server came by and my husband ordered a flavored vodka and diet. The server didn't know what, if any, flavors the bar had so we saw the bar menu had a cocktail made with strawberry vodka so he ordered a strawberry vodka with Diet Coke. Server said "I got you" and out came a strawberry lemonade-type drink. An $11 signature strawberry drink, with no Diet Coke. 
We ordered the meat pies which were awesome and the Taste of New Orleans with the intention that we would order the full-size entree of the one we enjoyed most. (We wanted something spicy, and ended up ordering the sampler because our server didn't know if any of the menu items were spicy.)
Our server finally came by our table as she was munching on something herself, and didn't say a word because her mouth was full. This wasn't until we were done eating everything and waiting around for 15 minutes. We wanted to see the city and we didn't want to wait around any longer so we asked for the bill and left right away. The entire meal took way too long due to our server, and we didn't get to order the entree of our favorite dish (which I think was the seafood gumbo. Not sure because she didn't tell us what any of them were, but that's probably because she didn't know). I would suggest this server learn the bar liquors and the menu.Soooo good!!  Food was amazing. Stopped in because it was the first restaurant we saw. Great pick! Will be back.The ambiance was good. I chose Outdoor seating to enjoy the light breeze. I ordered the duck gumbo and the gumbo ya-ya along with the voodoo doll cocktail. Asked the waitress for recommendations ofcourse and I don't regret it. The gumbo was tasty with the only drawback being the size of the bowl. It was super small and to make a good portion, I'd have to order three bowls atleast.The gumbo was delicious great atmosphere and great food!!! If you are looking for authentic creole style food stop byI went here on a Saturday morning around 10:00 for breakfast. Decided to eat outside because the weather was nice. There was no wait. Waitress was extra friendly with a New Orleans flair. I had the French Toast, Apple bacon, and hard fried egg. My husband had the waffle, bacon and egg. Both entrees were good. They also had bottomless mimosas for $12. Nice quick, delicious meal for 2 and we only paid $36.00I luvd this place!!Salina the hostess was awesome. Our server from MD was very helpful in recommending starters as well as entrees. There was a bit of a wait for the food to come out but the hurricanes hit and conversation made up for the wait. Luv from ChicagoWe went here because we wanted Gumbo but ended up getting appetizers and entrees that didn't have Gumbo. The food was good. Its not the most amazing New Orleans food but its decent. If you are a tourist and in the area I would say it is a good place to stop by. The service is good and the food they serve is authentic New Orleans food, but there is better in town. For being in the tourist part of town its what I expected it to be.Wonderful breakfast! Great location and reasonably priced. Lots of open space. We had an excellent breakfast here and would definitely come back!Although the place was almost empty, the service was extremely slow. Staff were friendly and the place was clean, just slow.  Gulf shrimp was good, but a bit salty. The gumbo ya-ya is quite tasty.  Will not return.The gumbo was delicious but they filled the cup with white rice so there was so little gumbo to actually enjoy and at that price it felt that they were more into profit than providing a hearty serving.  The waitress however did address this and was friendly. The fried gator was hot and crispy, very good.Had the gumbo...it was very good in my opinion. Never had it before, but gave it a try. I was not disappointed. Staff was very nice as well. Place was clean.Awesome!!! Great gumbo and lots more to choose from. Very nice decor and a very nice patio.
The service was great as well.One of the best places to eat. The food is amazing the wait staff is awesome. The praline pie is to die for. One place I do plan on visiting when I get back.Awesome!!! Great gumbo and lots more to choose from. Great location right beside the Mississippi River.
Great food and service.