This is possibly one of the best fried chicken I've had in New Orleans. Chicken was juicy, not overly greasy, with a touch of spice. Portions are nice, sides are incredible. I recommend subbing the beans and slaw with fried okra and mac-n-cheese. Service was perfect, our server May was nice, recommended great things, and was a delight to talk to. Overall, a great experience!Native New Orleanian !!!! Best fried chicken I have had in a while ! Hot, fresh , not greasy , juicy chicken. We also had fried okra and fried green tomatoes . Everything was AMAZING . Staff was super friendly , clean atmosphere and very welcoming . We will be back !My husband and I went for the soft opening and despite it being their first night open, everything was executed perfectly. Our chicken and fried pickles were perfectly crisp, spicy, and served piping hot. The service was super friendly, the atmosphere was really fun and relaxed. Definitely the best fried chicken in town! We will be back.There's no fried chicken in the world like Gus's. I've been a huge fan from back when I lived in Memphis, so I was over the moon when I heard they were opening up a location in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint!! Fried chicken is juicy on the inside, crisp on the outside, and perfectly spicy. Baked beans are just as tasty as I remembered, and you can't go wrong with a 40 of beer to rinse it down. Service was amazingly fast and friendly. I will be back way too often for my own good!I discovered this restaurant when I lived in Burbank California with their super spicy chicken and amazing sides I was so excited to hear that it was coming to New Orleans and it did not disappoint I recommend anyone that Diggs chicken get over thereJust as good as I remember it in Memphis. The same hustle to find a good parking spot too :) It's perfectly located near the convention/port in New Orleans.
The inside is much more lit than the one in Memphis and nice designed to give you space. I was immediately greeted when I walked in. We knew what we wanted so we just waited for a server. 
It did take him a few minutes to arrive but he was really nice and prompt after that. We got the 8pc dark to split. The chicken was crispy and had a kick just how I like it. It didn't take long to come out and it was hot which is great. I saw some complaints on the Mac and cheese. Not sure if they heard you out or had a different cook but that Mac and cheese was so good my husband almost ordered some to go. 
It's a pretty simple menu. Chicken or tenders. Pick your side. Highly recommend if you have never been and I hope they do very well in Nola. Saves me a road trip to Houston or Memphis :)GUS is fiya! This is third location I've been to and it stands up to the rest of the other locations and I believe it's this locations first week, only the beginning! It's usually a wait and I don't mind waiting for good food! Come on inHad heard the food was tasty but was super impressed. Had both dark and white meat chicken which were both incredibly juicy so flavorful. The mac & cheese was awesome as were the beans. Our sever Mary was not only on top of it (we had a group of 6) but funny, charming and offering great suggestions as well. We will def be back!This is an awesome fried chicken joint. The chicken was juicy on the inside, and not too greasy on the outside. Perfect on a Friday afternoon with a cold beer . I got here 4:45 PM, and there was absolutely no wait ;)Can't say enough about this place. Atmosphere was great. The chicken was prob some of the best I've had. Mac was delicious and baked beans were good. The fried okra was out of this world. Will def be back again and again. Oh and the staff is very friendly.Eat the chicken, Anna Mae!!!! Placed a last minute to go order (6mins to close) and not only was it honored (I ordered 3 platters) it was fresh and delish! The chicken has a nice kick and doesn't need anything else. The beans and slaw are great complements. I walked right up, paid and was out the door. They even all thanked me for coming. Can you believe it! I ate the first plate before driving off.Gus's has the best chicken ever! I learned this in Memphis and sealed the deal here in Nola. Soo good, place was super clean and server was awesome!I've heard so much about this place. There are many locations across the country. This is the newest location. Last year for the Annual Fried Chicken Festival, they had a booth, so I decided to try it for the first time with a friend. We were both impressed and couldn't wait til they opened the location here.
Someone at the booth told us about it, then. Let me just say, it's still as delicious as I remembered trying last year! The chicken is seasoned well, and has the right amount of spice to it. The mac and cheese was also delicious. I will be coming here more often.Absolute best fried chicken on the planet. Great location in New Orleans, great service and unbelievable food. Reminds me of fried chicken we used to have as a child. Always fresh and cooked to order...no heat lamp chicken here.This is delicious gut busting fried chicken! The food was fresh & piping hot. I could not get enough of their fried green tomatoes with a side of ranch; I ordered two servings! I could not finish my whole plate...Thank God for to-go plates!The best fried chicken there is! It is so crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, so so yummy!!!!Deliciousness in every bite!  Love the spices!!! Location is perfect for hop on/hop off freeway access.  A great new addition to the warehouse district!!!This place is so so so good! We found this place at the 2019 Fried Chicken Fest where they WON and we knew we had to have it again. I love fried chicken and it is so satisfying. The dark meat is incredible. The Mac and cheese is delicious!!! So creamy and tasty. The environment is also great. Good service and was taken care of well. I have to say price is a huge positive. I feel like it is well priced for what it is, unlike places that charge a lot more for fried chicken and isn't nearly as good. This is definitely a place to stop for a fried chicken experience.Native New Orleanian, but lived in 8 States and now back in NOLA again, so I've had lots of fried chicken all over the country. 
Gus's chicken is good ... maybe very good ... but not great in my opinion. 
Before getting to the meal itself, I will comment that the restaurant is still as of 7/17/2019 going thru start up challenges ... still finishing up construction tasks, learning the POS/ordering system (which caused some mistakes with my order that had to be corrected), and training staff. And when I (only half) jokingly asked the store manager about a "new customer start up discount", you would have thought I had 3 heads and green skin. 
Regarding the food, the sides are mediocre at best. The slaw was okay (a little on the sweet side which works well with the spicy chicken) but the potato salad was almost tasteless and the potato chunks were way too large for my liking. The slices of white bread seemed less than "fresh", too thin and "flimsy", and were likewise relatively tasteless. 
I agree with others that the chicken has a nice spice blend without too much heat, and it was nicely cooked. But for my money, Chef Carl's chicken on Monday nights at the Roosevelt Hotel is better (and a better $ value) AND comes with MUCH better sides in a MUCH nicer environment, AND a beer !!! 
There are several excellent fried chicken choices in NOLA and I personally think once the "newness / trendiness" of Gus's wears off, it will take its position as a mid-tier choice and not a particularly good value.I visited Gus's for the first time Tuesday night and went to the bar to order to go. After reviewing  the menu and seeing that their only option was spicy chicken, I decided to leave. The server Erica stopped me as I was exiting and asked had I changed my mind. I told her I could not eat spicy chicken. She suggested I try a piece; explained that her previous customer had the same concern, but after tasting it enjoyed it so much that they ordered. I decided to accept her offer. 
Erica walked to the kitchen and requested a leg for me to try. She was very detailed when explaining that there was a customer that was concerned about the spice content and as a courtesy wanted me to try it.
The cook!!! He was so rude to her. Nasty for no reason. I felt so bad. She tried to explain a 2nd and 3rd time in the same polite manner the reason for her request, but the way he responded to her made me feel terrible. Not to mention, a manager stood there and did not intervene until Erica helplessly turned to her for help. 
Eventually the cook released the leg for me to try. It was good. I ended up buying 2 plates that evening but left Gus's a bit disgusted by what I witnessed.
Erica, you went above and beyond and turned a walk out into a customer. I need a few like you on my staff. You handled that situation like a professional! 5 stars for you my dear.Awesome fried chicken, I was introduced by my wife because she had Gus's in Tennessee. I truly enjoyed this experience.My Favorite Fried Chicken
It's no exaggeration "World Famous." At least to me it is. With all the fried chicken places to choose from, here comes another one. Don't miss this place. Spicy fried chicken done deliciously crispy, spicy, flavored throughout.  All of the sides are soul food and delicious. I love the greens. The place is in an offbeat location but well worth going to. It's alway busy.Hands down new best fried chicken in Nola. I am a local and native and Willie Mae's now has some competition on their hands.Probably one of the best chicken I've had! So juicy,fresh and a really good batter!!!! Chicken made fresh when ordered! Mac and cheese is awesome! Fried okra really good! A bit pricey but worth it! I would come back!!Awesome chicken! Hot moist and tasty. Ate mine and stole some tenders off my wife's plate. The greens and Mac and cheese were equally delicious. Service is awesome too! The manger even came around to make sure were happy. Will return next time in town. Oh! And it's really clean!Best everything ever! I'm from Indiana where we like our coleslaw on the sweeter side. This is the only place I've found it perfect! And of course the fried chicken is perfection!Great chicken and great service from Melva!Everything was amazing!!! Love the cute to go cups! The chicken was hot, crispy, and delicious! Jennifer our waitress was the sweetest! Thank y'all so much!Gus's has to be one of the best fried chicken places I've ever been to! Better than Hattie B's in Nashville and definitely better than any other fried chicken spot in New Orleans, including Willie Mae's.
I think Gus's is originally from Memphis, and they have a lot of stores across the nation. Despite this, they are still able to maintain high quality, great service, and a fun ambience.
First off, the food tonight was AMAZING. I got the 2 piece dark meat (drumstick and leg) with mac & cheese and fries as my sides. The highlight was the leg!!! I love that there's no batter, so the chicken isn't too heavy. The skin is fried to perfection - so crisp and juicy, almost like a chicharron. The meat inside was also succulent and very moist. My friend had the breast, and it was the juiciest piece of white meat I've ever had. I also loved how the mac & cheese was down home soul food (tasted almost like kraft and wasn't too salty, but I think that pairs perfectly with the seasoned chicken). Something about it just felt really homey and Southern. The fries were also seasoned very well; kinda like Cajun fries where they were a little salty, a little sweet, and a little spicy. 
I was soooo close to ordering more chicken. It's absolutely addicting, especially the seasoning. It had a slight kick from the spices and was salty in a good way.
My friend and I also shared the chocolate chess pie which tasted kind of like a lightened up brownie, but with a pie crust. It wasn't too sweet, which I really enjoyed. However, it was pretty heavy to eat after all the chicken and carbs, so I wasn't as crazy about it. But if you have a big stomach and like chocolate, you'll definitely enjoy it.
Service was A+. We were immediately greeted by the staff when we walked in, our server was attentive and very nice, and (who I think was) the manager walked around the room checking in on everyone. 
My friend and I live so close to Gus's, so you bet we'll be frequent fliers at this new spot. I hope they'll be able to maintain their standards throughout the next months since they definitely set the bar high from the get-go!Honestly, the service and the food at Gus's is top notch.  I first tried Gus's in Atlanta (Downtown) and I went back the whole weekend (yes, three times).
The service and food here in New Orleans were consistent with my experience in Atlanta - perfect. Everyone at Gus's goes out of their way to make sure you're enjoying the experience - it's a real pleasure to dine here. Thank you Gus's!Mediocre food. There's really not much to say. I only visited because it's down the streetThe food was good. Chicken was fresh out the fryer and tasted good but not the best I've ever had.  Greens had too many stems and tasted canned, which just isn't my preference. French fries were good. My issue was the time.... it took 45 minutes for our food to come.  That's just too much IMO.  Maybe it's due to the newness but it wasn't too crowded.Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. The place was clean and the service was top notch! Be forewarned that the chicken is very spicy and I'm not sure if there's an option to get it not spicy. My husband hates hot food but loved theirs and wanted to take some home with him. 
We also had the chess pie which was like a warm brownie. It was good, but I would definitely true another dessert next. 
Everything is paper and plastic so if you're looking for silver where or upscale dining experience this isn't it, but it's so worth the money and time. If you're in the Garden District or the French Quarter you can definitely walk here even though gps suggests driving or taking public transit.The chicken was perfectly fried! Crispy on the outside but nice and juicy in the inside!OMG, can you say DELICIOUS? Super fresh? Super hot(temperature)? Perfectly seasoned?? OMG this is your place if you're looking for some AMAZING fried chicken!!! I went there today and I'm sorry it has taken me so long to get there!! The service was great, the manager on duty was extremely friendly and very helpful, super nice! The decor was super cute, but that chandelier... I NEED one in my house when I win that powerball!! Lol 
Overall, this was a wonderful experience and I will definitely be back and tell everyone I know about it!!!
Thank you again for a wonder first experience, Scott!!Excellent service, great tasting chicken as advertised!! The atmosphere is a little too loud, but overall it's a fantastic restaurantLove, love, LOVE!!! I was super excited to get to the place that won my heart. I now understand why this has become a fan fave @ Fries Chicken Fest!!!! Firstly, the decor is modern chic. You kinda get the feeling that you're visiting a family member. If you love spicy chicken this is the place to go. Macaroni was super cheesy and simply yummy! Portion sizes are generous. You're going to be satisfied with the options of sides and when you leave you'll be satisfied.Flew into New Orleans, went to WWII museum before it closed, left starving as hadn't eaten all day. Did Yelp search for something close but good, heck it's New Orleans. Fried chicken always a good bet. Checked for close places and this one sounded great and familiar. Was in cool old building in Warehouse District. Great vibe. The food was very tasty. I had fried chicken, cole slaw, Mac and cheese. Definitely one of the best fried chicken I've ever had.I was proud of myself for finding this N. O. gem. So I researched it and realized I traveled half way across the country and it was familiar because one of the only few dozen in the world is about 2 miles from my home. Well, it was fantastic, I love the warehouse district, and I totally redeemed myself by finding bread pudding at Mother's... See review of Mother's.Was excited to try this place after reading the great reviews.I am sorry to inform you it is not all that.The beans and macaroni were good the chicken was very dry and had a dark coloring no skin at all.We ordered the pecan pie and Chocolate bliss pie the pecan pie had eggshells in it I enjoyed the Chocolate pie.Much better chicken can be bought from Mandinas on Canal street close to Carrollton.I have tried the Nashville hot several times before and was not a fan. This place though does a great hot chicken! I highly recommend getting the Mac and cheese as a side, as well the fried okra. To top it off you can order a 40oz beer with it. Hats off to Gus's!!!Living in New Orleans my entire life, I am used to eating great fried chicken. Gus's Fried Chicken originates from Tennessee and I heard great things about them. It is a franchise, so I was not sure what to expect. I just know that they were in Fried Chicken Fest in 2017 and won third place best fried chicken. I read an article that they were opening up and I was so excited to try it out!
I tried this place on the second day it was open. I ate by myself, but wanted to try a bunch of things. I ordered the 3 Piece Dark Meat with Baked Beans and Mac and Cheese for sides, a small Coleslaw, and Fried Pickle Spears.
The food came out really fast. Everything was portioned nicely, and the chicken looked picture perfect. The batter had good seasoning and a nice crunch. My spice tolerance is high, but these had a slight spice kick for me. Not spicy to give you sniffles, but slightly spicy enough to enjoy. The fried chicken was hot, but not fresh out of the fryer hot. The sides were just warm. The Fried Pickle Spears were piping hot, but the server warned me that it was really hot. I normally see thinly sliced, fried pickles at other places; but these were different and quite enjoyable as spears. 
Overall, a great fried chicken franchise to join the NOLA restaurant business. Parking can be a pain being in the warehouse district, but that is to be expected. The service was very attentive and I am happy that they paid attention to that on top of the good food. I am willing to come back to try their fried chicken again and their desserts.There is so much I could write but will keep it simple.  The food was simply, delicious.  The chicken had the perfect "crisp" to it without being overly crispy.  The flavor was pleasant with a tad bit of spice.  Not to hot, but a pleasant "burn".
The sides were phenomenal.  I ideally would not order Mac & Cheese, but after reading several reviews about I had to see for myself.  Very good, creamy but not overly cheesy!
The cole slaw was a nice addition  along with the baked beans which I really enjoyed!  The price was very reasonable for a meal so filling.
My server, Eustis, was BEYOND AMAZING! Very nice and well spoken gentlemen That I am glad I had the honor of meeting and have him serve me!
I will definitely be back!Definitely not Tennessee Guss Fried Chicken. This must be a franchise. Chicken is good but not seasoned to the bone like the chicken I get at Guss in Tennessee.  Side dishes are bland in taste. Dont know how they won the Chicken Festival much better chicken places in New Orleans. The wait time is ridiculous.  No one seems to be in a rush to get you your food. Maybe just a management issue. I will give them one more try to see if it gets better. Also parking is not good.I know why this place is world famous. The chicken was hot and delicious. Our server Melva was awesome. I will definitely be back.Ok I just came back from Memphis and went to the Gus's fried chicken there. It's safe to say that of course we got them beat. Everything taste different. They use the same seasoning but it just taste 100% times better. The chicken taste like my grandmother fried it so you know what that means. The staff is so nice and welcoming. The prices are reasonable. Try it you will not be disappointedThis place definitely lives up to their fried chicken hype. I consider myself somewhat of a fried chicken connoisseur and trust me I know good fried chicken and this place has it. The chicken was crisp, seasoned well and fresh!! There is a wait but it is worth it to have fresh, juicy and flavorful chicken! We will definitely come back!We stopped in for lunch this past Sunday. Melva was our waitress. She was super sweet and and very attentive even though the place was packed.  The chicken was deliciously crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Cole slaw was ok, just your typical Coleslaw. Mac and Cheese was pretty good. I'd go back for the chicken but with all the good food in this city they could improve the side dishes.Yum. Great hospitality. Quick service. I got the two piece dark meat. I wish I had gotten the three piece.  I enjoyed the beans and cold slaw. The greens were good too.Ate while traveling. All the other fried chickens need to stop. Perfectly spicy and salty. Simply the best! Good beer selection. Delicious mac & cheese and dessertsHeck yes this is one of the worlds best. Well fried with mild seasonings. Friendly staff and open restaurant. You don't even smell like fried food when you come out. I enjoyed the greens and potato salad. Beans and beans but sure, they were great. I broke my don't return to a place twice on vacation here... came back. Goodness again.Fun place near the convention center! Food and service were excellent. The greens, baked beans and Mac and Cheese were great sides. I enjoyed the fried pickle spears and fried okra too. 
The chicken was crisp and juicy and had a good crunch. The chicken is spicy but flavorful. 
There is a unique root beer float made with Not Your Father's RootBeer. Makes a cooling drink after your chicken dinner!This was my second location that I've visited. I went to the Austin location a while back and I must say that I had a little bit of a better experience at that location. The chicken was still very good here but the sides were lacking in flavor. They have some really delicious fried chicken though. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, just like good fried chicken should be.Wow. Might be a top 5 favorite chicken place ever for me.  In Nola for the weekend and thanks to the yelp elite recommendation, i landed on this spot which was within walking distance from my hotel.
We had dark, white, tenders... and most sides (mac n cheese, potatoes, slaw).
Lets start with the sides:
 mac n cheese... such a simple recipe yet very few places get the texture and cheese ratio right.  Slaw....same thing, bot overpowering with mayo.
Main course: 
I prefer white meat and my wife only eat dark meat so we had a nice mix.  In addition, we got the tenders and grilled cheese for the kids.  The chicken is on a piece of toast which i thought was so clever to soak in any fat/oils.  The chicken is well seasoned and don't be fool by the "spicy" label, it does not bite much.
This was the first meal i had in NoLa and looking forward to the rest of the experiences already!!We love Gus' and are so happy they're in New Orleans! The chicken is to die for. Awesome sides as well. We always end with a chocolate checkered pie and ice cream. Love the cool cups that you can take to go! Unfortunately last I saw New Orleans wasn't added on the cup just yet.Amazing. The waiter was an older guy but OMG he was so pleasant. I don't know was was better the service or the chicken.  Both!!!Love love this place. Food is awesome. I love their fried chicken, Mac and cheese and Cole slaw. The best I had so far.Best fried chicken so far. I hate ppl who leave a 4 star review. If it's good leave 5 stars. I don't go out to get free stuff n complain. And this 5 stars is not bc I got 2 free pieces of chicken hot out the grease after eating my 2 yummy pieces but my 5 stars came from the good chicken and nice service from the whole staff kitchen to manager to the servers top notch. I'm a local and love food and never leave anything but 5 stars if I like the food n service. I'm a picky eater and if the restaurant suck I just won't come back I'm not ever leaving 1 star bc I had a bad experience. I'm just not coming back too many restaurants in New Orleans for that. But Gus I will be back!!! Again n again.As expected, Gus's has taken New Orleans by storm and has already claimed the title of best fried chicken in the city. Forget Willie Mae's (overrated), McHardy's, Fiorella's, Chubbies, and Carl's fried chicken at the Roosevelt -- none of them come close to the magnificence of Gus's. I went for lunch and ate a half chicken, went back to my hotel room, crashed for a few hours, went out and had a few drinks... and then went back to Gus's and ate another half chicken. Yes, it's that good. One of the few places that truly lives up to the hype. It's a near-religious experience.Great atmosphere, and location love the fact this restaurant is sort of a old garage which is its greatest charm cause garage door it serves as the window. The food was great, well seasoned and was very delicious. My server was great but there were only two of them so we waited a lot longer than expected. Overall great food.By far my favorite meal in NOLA! Used Yelp to be placed on waiting list. The staff are super friendly and apologized for the wait. No need to apologize because you must wait for food this amazing. Typical southern comfort food: fried pickles, Mac & cheese, cole slaw, and potato salad were delicious sides. Of course the fried chicken is phenomenally fresh and with just enough kick. So affordable. So glad we dined here after trying to get into Dooky's & Willie's and had no luck! Endless refills & an awesome Not Your Father's (alcohol) root beer float. Family friendly.This was delicious chicken. The whole experience was great. Great staff, great ambiance, and wonderful food. Next time I'm at a location that has a Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken, I'm going for sure!!That was great chicken!  Love the tempura style batter dipped chicken.  I had greens and Mac and cheese. Didn't finish the greens or the Mac.  It will do if you're hungry but felt boxed or canned.  Hence the four stars but that chicken...woooh wee!!  Service was great too.If you want hospitality New Orleans and Keene (our server) at Gus's is the place to go. And fried chicken. Just the right amount of heat in the batter, chicken moist, and yum yum the fried pickles and fried green tomatoes. Thank you Keene for smiling and making us feel welcome.Chicken and customer service were great. 40oz beers were a plus. Baked beans and potato salad were goodChicken is Fried at order--perfectly spiced and fresh. Crispy on the outside, juicy inside. So delicious. So glad they're here in NOLA now.Was in town for a conference at the convention center and decided to check this place out on my lunch break. Five stars isn't enough- this place is so god damn delicious I went back two more times during my stay!Absolutely amazing! The food is heavenly and the staff is friendly. The food comes out within the blink of an eye and it tastes like Southern Excellence! It's so delectable. I could not praise this place anymore than I already have. I am very pleased!This was my second time trying the Gus's fried chicken and I thought it was going to taste as good as it tasted on the fried chicken festival, but I was wrong. I bought the chicken today and it was too way too spicy and not crispy enough.Jessica was amazing. Staff was very nice and the food was good . Hubby and I was passing Gus . Therefore , we had to try  it . Chicken was spicy and good .Best fried chicken I've ever eaten in New Orleans. Delicious sides too. Everything was scorching hot and fresh. Nice staff and super cool location. My whole group of friends was so happy with your meal. Really excited this restaurant just opened. I'll definitely be back.Ate here twice on our New Orleans trip. Best fried chicken I've had in a long time. Juicy with a little bit of a kick and the Mac and cheese was yummy as well.This is an excellent place 
Chicken and slaw was dee lish us 
Would strongly recommend this place 
Can't go wrong hereSame chicken as in the Memphis original location. Not fancy but darn fine chicken and the sides were great too!YUMMY, the chicken is so tasty and tender, the mac and cheese is to die for, the fried green tomato was good too ...The chicken was very good. Moist, crispy, flavorful. The mac and cheese was fine, the potato salad was interesting. It kind of tasted like nutmeg to me. I think customer service could definitely be improved. As soon as I sat down I was asked if I knew what I wanted to order when I hadn't even seen the menu yet. I said I needed 5 minutes and they came back after 3 minutes. The whole time I felt rushed. Btw this was about 1.5 hours before closing. My potato salad also had a long black hair in it. Also, they brought me my check when I wasn't even done with half my food and was planning to order dessert.  I ordered homemade pecan pie with a scoop of vanilla which was sooooo good. Probably my favorite thing.  I paid and continued eating my pie. About 2 minutes later they came to get the check and since I was still eating I hadn't yet signed it  overall the food is good but I felt uncomfortably rushed. They weren't packed or anything there were still empty tables but the whole rushing part just killed it for me.Loved this place just happened to pass it and my husband and I decided to give it a try. The chicken was the best I've had in a while, well seasoned and ooooh soo good not to mention the sides. It's a must try!!!It was my first trip to NOLA and I Found Gus's on Yelp.  It had great reviews so I went there with 7 friends.  
The chicken was great!  It had just a little heat and was very crispy.
The slaw and beans were also tasty.
The service was good. 
Gus's definitely earned its high rating.Popeyes? Who is that? Y'all I finally got to try Gus's fried chicken and I can see why it's world famous. I wanted to go when I was in Atlanta, but didn't have the time so thankfully it made its way around to NOLA! 
When you walk in you're greeted by smiling faces and you seat yourself where you like. A server will come to your table to take your order. I went today (Sunday afternoon around 3) and it was raining. We luckily got a spot right in front and it wasn't too packed inside. 
For starters, my friend and I got fried green tomatoes and fried pickle spears. They came out piping hot, enough to burn your tongue if you aren't careful. The pickles were nice and crunchy in a light batter and fried to perfection. Served with ranch, it was perfect. The pickle wasn't soggy and it wasn't drenched in batter. I like it this way over them being cut into circles. It came with 6 pieces I believe. The fried green tomatoes (5 pieces) were awesome! It also came with the same light, crispy batter that the fried pickles had and the tomato wasn't a mushy mess. I could cut it still without it leaking juice on my plate. It had a nice flavor and was creamy. Second time having fried green tomatoes and I am VERY impressed with these. 
I got a 2 piece dark and so did my friend. He got fried okra and Mac & cheese as a side. By default, each plate comes with bread, coleslaw and beans. It's an additional 50 cents per substitution so in this case, $1 which I don't mind. I got the 2 piece dark (leg & thigh) with Mac & cheese and potato salad. The chicken also came piping hot with a light, crispy batter. I bit into the chicken and it was so juicy I almost burnt my tongue! That's a good indication for bomb fried chicken. The batter is spicy, mildly to me because I love spicy food, but it could be spicy for those who don't enjoy spice. I absolutely enjoyed the chicken. It was delicious! Mac & cheese was nice and creamy. Not too thick and not too runny. I wasn't the biggest fan of the potato salad. It was chunky more diced potatoes and tasted a bit too much like mustard for me. Still ate it though! They ran out after I got it, so glad I still got to try. Fried okra was good as well. Nice crispy batter. 
Overall, I had a great experience. Our server was nice and attentive. The overall atmosphere is casual and there was a fancy touch with a chandelier in the middle of the ceiling. There's plenty of seating inside and a bar with seating as well. There's tv's on for you to watch while you enjoy your chicken too. Other things to note are, drinks come in a souvenir cups that you can take home and if you bring back you save .50 on your drink. Food is reasonably priced, two piece dark with 2 sides and a piece of bread was about $7. I was full & satisfied so I will be back when my next fried chicken craving hits!Great food for a great price and amazing service. Ask for MJ she is amazing and knowledgeable. 
1st time here and I will most definitely be back.Best chicken! Hands down. I have triiodothyronine it in several different spots and the consistency is there.You know if you have been to one Gus's you have been to all of them. That is the way it should be! This location did not disappoint. Management was on point in greeting guests. The staff was friendly and quick with service. The food was fantastic. The chicken was just as good and consistent as any Gus's I have ever visited including the original location.  I even got a forty for me and my shorty to wash down the meal. The creators of this chicken recipe would be proud to know that it is consistent even after franchising the brand. We love Gus's!Just came to NOLA after getting off a cruise and wanted something low key and easy.  The 5 star reviews of this place were dead on.  Great food, excellent and reasonable craft beer and excellent service.  We tried a little of everything and I definitely recommend the slaw to help cool off the spice in the chicken.  We were not disappointed in our choice!I am a big fan of hot chicken and this is the best I've ever had. Not only that but the collard greens were the top dog here. I finished the greens before I started anything else. It had the perfect seasoning. Now back to the chicken. If you are not a fan of spicy foods like one in our party, we would suggest to not stop here. There is nothing but spicy chicken. Stop and check out the large chandelier and the Dom in the cooler.Few places live up to the hype, but Gus's is the exception.  I've eaten at the original in Memphis, which sets the standard for fried chicken; for a franchise location the Nola location is a close second; however, nothing beats the ambiance of the original. The chicken is served piping hot, and crispy outside, juicy inside.  Our server was efficient and very friendly.Being from Memphis, I'm so glad this is finally here! I had the fried pickles, the 2 piece dark plate with the traditional sides, and an extra side of mac and cheese to share with the table. The chicken is fried perfectly and spiced for lots of flavor. Its not an intense spice, but a deeper spice for flavor. I would definitely recommend Gus's to anyone wanting classic fried southern chicken!Our new spot for FRIED !! My first encounter with Gus was in Memphis a few years ago. It was okay, just different from Popeyes. But here in New Orleans the chicken cane out Hot for each order, had a different spice, the Fried Okra was just ok, but those Baked Beans was off the chain! We will be going back! Please stop by Gus FAMOUS Fried Chicken while visiting New Orleans you won't be disappointed.  .It was great!  Soft opening and it said in training on the door.  They were friendly and fast.  BEST biscuits ever!I'm southern, born and raised.   I like to think that I know a little something about fried chicken.  - I didn't have a clue, because Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken put me in my place.     This is THE BEST fried chicken I've ever had.  Take your grandma's fried chicken and kick it up about 3 notches and then you might come close to Gus's.   
Then the atmosphere -- where else can you get a plate of fried chicken, collard greens, fried green tomatoes served on paper plates in a dining room with a giant chandelier AND ORDER BOTTLES OF VEUVE CLICQUOT AND DOM PERIGNON.   
Welcome to New Orleans folks, where even out fried chicken is just a little bit extra ( in a good way).Been to their place in Memphis and blown away. Same thing here, blown away again. Staff excited , talkative and helpful.  Chicken is very well seasoned and love it.First time we ate there today. We both order the the 3 piece dark plate with an order of fried green tomatoes and fried okra. 
Let me say, the CHICKEN was very, very delicious,  juicy, perfectly spiced, and not greasy. 
The sides were good. The fried green tomatoes were good. Heavy on the batter but good.  The fried okra was just simply fried okra. The coleslaw was very good and baked beans were okay. 
You just opened and the decor is nice for a place that serves chicken,  but they already have leaks from the ceilings. 
Would I be back? Yes. The chicken is very good. 
The waitress Melva was nice, but she shorted me on my change by a dollar. I guess it was because it was busy and her math skills were off. Still tipped her well for a $38.00 meal for 2. She came back with a dollar change and left. Wasn't going to make a big deal of it because it would've went towards her tip anyway. 
Overall, it was a pleasant lunch experience.So far second best experience in NOLA this trip has been a let down as far as food. But Gus's didn't disappoint. Good food exceptional service!Ok ok first let me explain how Gus's perfected the breast...meaning keeping it tasteful and "juicy" as well as crisp. Many have tried but can't seem to keep the breast "juicy". Gus's in my book has the best chicken in the city and surrounding areas... the city meaning New Orleans that is. With its unique hint of spice and tasteful flavor they have mastered the fried chicken to perfection. The staff is really nice, nice to the fact It makes it a friendly environment. I would definitely recommend this place not only to the tourists but the locals as well. Oh and they are also police friendly lol!!!!OMG I heard about Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken out of Memphis for years and never made it that way. Big mistake, this is the best fried chicken ever. So glad they made it to New Orleans. Everything on the menu is really good even the fried pickles.I love good fried chicken and this place is one of the best. Nice and spicy. It's not busy now at 6:30 but I' sure that won't last long.Bomb chicken and bomb service.... what can I say? I'll be going back to gus for sure! It's to die for!Had heard so much about them I finally decided to go. Chicken is pretty good. Has a bit more kick than I expected but it not very spicy. The presentation was kinda blah tho. It essentially looked like cafeteria food. The baked beans kinda tasted that way as well. Mac n cheese was pretty good tho. I had the chess pie after. Gross! Couldn't even finish it. And I got it warmed and it just seemed like microwaved it. Too hot some places and not in others. I'd go back because the chicken is good. I'd definitely skip dessert thoLiterally the best fried chicken I've ever had anyway, and I've had A LOT of fried chicken. The owner Wendy is amazing. She's committed to bringing you the best experience possible. Prices are very reasonable. And if you gotta be boujie with your fried chicken, you can order a bottle of Veuve or Dom Perignon!Donna, our server was great! 
The food here is AMAZING. A few locals recommended this spot and I definitely wasn't disappointed. The chicken was juicy and crunchy. The chicken definitely tasted fresh. The Mac and cheese was yummy and very cheesy. The beans were a little sweet but good. 
After dining I realized they have a location in Burbank and LA! Can't wait to try the locations closer to home.Tasty, spicy, and moist fried chicken. The service was great. Very helpful and polite. Definitely recommended if you are in the New Orleans convention center area.I think it's overrated, the food was good but not great. The chicken was hot but not flavorful. Cheese sauce on Mac n cheese should flow like lava or maple syrup, not drip. Certainly not what I was expecting from the winner of the Fried Chicken Festival. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating.I checked out this hotspot at the annual fried chicken festival last night. Line wasn't too long, but sadly, they had already run out of the coleslaw. It was still worth getting the fried chicken- perfect amount of spice and crisp on the skin! The breast and leg were not dry at all, and it was overall, a very pleasant meal by the water!  I'd recommend checking out the actual restaurant next time you're in town!Sooo soo good I've been here three times already. Twice with my boyfriend, and once I brought my family. They enjoyed it. Seat your self kind of place. The service is very good the waiters, and waitresses are attentive. No need to ask for refills because they keep them coming. The chicken comes out piping hot. So hot that you're willing to burn your fingers off just to keep eating from tasting that first bite. Moist flavorful and really no need to ketchup or hot sauce. Sides are just as good and fresh. I enjoyed the fried okra, greens, and fries. All are delicious. I also love the sweet tea especially being a southern girl. I recommend this place for sure!Their name says it all, it definitely is worthy of being world famous! The chicken is so juicy, crispy, and flavorful, it keeps me coming back for more! Every time I come here, I get the best southern hospitality and for the prices, you can't beat it! Our server, Melva, has such a positive and fun attitude and you can tell she loves her job! Drinks were never more than half empty, and you can even keep their cute plastic cups as a souvenir! So happy that Gus's decided to open down in New Orleans, home of the best fried chicken!I'm so happy to have a Gus's here in my home town. Yes, there are other wonderful fried chicken places in the city that are to be beat but Gus's gives me a quick fix without the full dining service experience that I always want - meaning I don't have to wait nearly as long for amazing chicken.
My first experience with Gus's was in Forth Worth, TX, and the experience here in NOLA is just the same wonderful food. I've been about 3 times since opening, and I continue to rave about it to my peers.
Their chicken has amazing flavor and spice to give you a kick without knocking you out. They are cooked to order, and this makes them super juicy and moist. I love the different combinations you can order for dark/white meat, and this makes it convenient for people who prefer one over the other.
Their sides are also great. Personal favorites include Mac and cheese, baked beans, and fried okra. The fort worth location did not have Mac and cheese, so I was super happy to see that here. It seems like an easier thing to eat especially if you have kids who are picky.
I look forward to coming back here and diving into the juicy chicken again.It was amazing!! Worth my trip from madisonville on my only day off! It's just as good as I remembered from my first and second experiences with Gus's! 
I've been to the original location in Memphis and their other location in Austin Texas! I really want to go to all the Gus's everywhere I go just to compare! It tastes just like the original! That's really hard to achieve! 
Parking is side streets only! No more free Sunday parkings :-(  the machine also took my dollar! Make sure you download the app and just use the app to pay! $6 for two hours! 
Anyways! Chicken doesn't taste greasy at all! It wasn't over battered! Super tender and spicy! Side of one piece jalepeno is $0.30.  Fried okra was delish. Crunchy as I expected! French fries weren't the seasoned kind as advertised. Baked beans and Mac and cheese were just ok as well.  My main focus was chicken! Absolutely my favorite!!!  Will be back soon!Chicken was great no complaints hot and juicy had the fried green tomatoes great, would get again the sides dishes are where the greatness stop had the greens and bake beans, baked beans are ok and greens just don't get they need a standout side to put them over the top but would returnExcellent fried chicken! I see why they won at the Fried Chicken Festival! Had both the dark and white meat offerings, and both were fantastic. The white breast meat was moist and flavorful, and the coating had the perfect blend of crispiness and spiciness to win me over. I tried the baked beans and Mac and cheese during my first visit, and both were good. On my second visit though is when I became a disciple to their fries! So GOOD! Salty, crispy, with a delicious seasoning that I am going to miss back in California. Between Gus's Fried Chicken and Café du Monde beignets, this was a beautiful, delicious trip to the Big Easy. I will definitely be back!Found this place through yelp and finally had the chance to try it out. The chicken was very good. Seasoned and juicy. The sides were just okay. Staff was very friendly and we enjoyed our lunch.Great retro looking place! If you go on Sundays parking it's free. I would do it again when I'm in NOLA!The ABSOLUTE BEST FRIED CHICKEN I have ever had. The first bite gave me goose bumps and the rest is history. No matter what you get for a side dish you can go wrong. Make the trip and don't hesitate!!!!!!!Fried Chicken was amazing.  Very juicy and had good seasoning.  We also tried multiple sides: mac and cheese, greens, and potato salad.  Each side was cooked right and was very delicious.  Our server was really nice and showed us some southern hospitality.  He brought us some baked beans to try on top of our sides, was very polite, and made sure our drinks were full even before we asked!  If I could I would give them more stars because this is a must visit for anyone that comes to NOLA.
P.S. The fried okra is also a must try.Crispy, moist, flavorful. What more can you ask for! Definitely recommend this place. The chicken was not breaded but the skin was so crispy.THE. BEST. FRIED. CHICKEN. EVER. We came home to tell everyone about this chicken. It was different. The breading is full yet light and perfectly crisp. The chicken is juicy and fully, exceptionally cooked. I could have this fried chicken in place of any other fried chicken for every meal! This is also the first time myself or my husband ever had fried green tomatoes and now we've been looking for fried green tomatoes everywhere!! This place is so good we can't wait to go back!!Decided to come to Gus's for a random Saturday lunch with a friend. We came and the restaurant was packed but we were able to get a table quite quickly. Service was delayed and we didn't get served for 30 minutes. Not a terrible wait as I understand it was packed. The food finally came and it was incredible. The chicken was....just exquisite. The outside skin wasn't incredibly hot and I thought at first the chicken was going to be lukewarm. Big mistake. When I bit into a thigh, I burned my tongue lol. The chicken was super hot on the inside and so juicy. It was definitely some of the best chicken I've ever had in my life. Looking forward to going back.Hate to be the one to bring reality back to the world... This place isn't great, but good. I was excited to check it out but was left a lil disappointed. The chicken is pretty good, although mine was slightly over cooked, loved the spice but could have been spicer. Sides were good, I liked the variety of sides you could substitute. But just isn't worth the hype. Check it out yourself if it's convenient, but don't make special trip. I ranked it a 3.75We just got here and we were tired but hungry. Found this place on yelp and it liked pretty good so we walked over. The people are really friendly and seem to enjoy working there. I got the 3 piece combo with Mac and cheese and seasoned fries. The Mac and cheese was watery and tasted like it came from a box. The fries were good and the chicken was AMAZING. It was seasoned well and real juicy. My order came out fast and I was real satisfied. 
Unfortunately the other people with me weren't so lucky. They also order a 3 piece and it took FOREVER to come out. Since we took it to go and it took so long, they left without checking. When we got back to the room, we realized their order was all wrong. The sides they paid extra for weren't there, and they got the wrong pieces of chicken. 
4 stars only because of the mishap. I will say we called the restaurant (even though they'd been closed for an hour) and they promised to make it right. They could have said tough luck, or even decided to let the phone ring, but they didn't do that. They owned up to the issue, really seem to value their customersThe food was excellent and the service outstanding. Melva, our waitress was exceptional!  Prompt, friendly and took care of us. We will definitely go backI have eaten at gases before in other states, but this place just opened in July here in New Orleans. If you like crunchy juicy hot and spicy fried chicken, then this is a place you will enjoy. The service was nice and quick. My only complaint would be that their beers are a bit pricey. I do think this chain restaurant will do fine here in New Orleans.Best crispy spicy fried chicken ever! Crisp breading with hot juicy meat inside!! Omg yum! Takes awhile to cook since it's made to order. Friendly staff. Place is busy. It's about a mile or so outside French quarter but worth the walk or $8 uber ride for sure!From all the reviews I was expecting something really good. I'll say it's your typical fried chicken. Nothing outstanding. It was good enough.Stopped by for lunch today. How can you go wrong with a place that sells Veuve Cliquot and 40s coupled with a chandelier and R&B music playing!  A nice vibe with great service.  The chicken was well seasoned and fried perfectly fried. Next time I'm in NOLA I'll be back!The chicken is absolutely delicious and well paired with their Mac and cheese. But the real star of this place is A.J. You come in for the dinner but stay for the show. Man he makes the experience 10 times better and his honey/crystal mixture is no joke! We'll definitely be coming back for more!Let me start off by saying, I love Gus's. Their chicken is the BEST. They have many locations and this is the 3rd that I personally have visited. The taste of this chicken was spot on to every other location, flavorfully spicy. However the chicken did not come out to the table piping hot from the fryer. I think there was some miscommunication about whose table we were and that probably caused some confusion in the kitchen getting out food out to us. I noticed that the chicken was not as juicy as the others I have eaten at other locations. I don't know if it was because it had cooled off too much or if it had just been over fried. It was still amazing, don't get me wrong but if they could fix this one issue, it would live up to it's name. 
Also, I do not get any of their sides because they're disappointing compared to the chicken. This is across the board at Gus's. I literally get sweet tea and crush their chicken and I'm perfectly fine with that.This place blew away any and all expectations I had. Best fried chicken I've had and Jennifer was a wonderful server! The entire staff was super fun and friendly, and the place was spotlessly clean. Can't recommend enough!!Ok so now a days it's impossible to find food service. Coming from fine dining I often find myself disappointed.
LET ME TELL YOU AJ PROVIDED THE BEST SERVICE I HAVE EVER RECEIVED IN MY WHOLE LIFE!!!!!! My girlfriend is in the service industry as well and we were absolutely blown away.
We had gone the day before and had a disappointing experience with the other server.
Not only did he provide the best service I've ever had but he was incredibly attentive.
He wasn't even our server the day before but he was able to notice everything.
He knew we had been there the day before.
He said he read my lips the day before when I said "man I wish we had him as our server" because I saw how well he was serving his tables.
He knew that I asked for hot sauce, pepper, and ketchup and brought it all to the table without me having to ask. He brought extra hot sauce because he said he saw me pouring so much of it over my food.
He refilled my drinks without us even having to ask.
On top of that he brought honey with the chicken and MIXED IN HOT SAUCE FOR ME AND REVOLUTIONIZED MY TASTE BUDS!!! 
I will always remember his service and will always remain blown away by his service. If we come back best believe we will be back for his amazing service and positive, beautiful, and uplifting spirit.
Thanks so much AJ!!! We love u hun!This was my first time here and I'm in love  The restaurant was very clean and socially distanced! The service was fast and friendly! Aj, the waiter/hostess/ was super friendly, professional, and courteous! The food was soooo delicious! Fried crispy skin but still very juicy! The sides...the price...the service....ooohhhh! It's definitely worth a second trip!!! I'll definitively be back!!!So good and nice portions! We tried a bit of it all and everyone did it was some of the best they'd had. Chicken, Mac n cheese, fgt, fried pickles, slaw, beans, pie. Good stuff.Came here looking for some good soul food, it was pretty good, very clean inside and friendly staff. I would recommend them putting mashed potatoes on the menu though. But it was deliciousIt took a looooooong time for the food to finally come out BUT it was worth the wait!  The chicken was cooked to perfection. The breast was the juiciest fried breast I can ever remember. It was well seasoned. The server was great also.This place did not disappoint!!! THEE best fried chicken I e ever had in my life!! Not greasy. And our waiter, AJ was very hospitable & knowledgeable... he made our experience one to remember!!! The pies and made from scratch ice cream were spectacular!!!Gus' chicken is NOT playing. They are packed with a punch of flavor and wooww...They are above-average juicy! So be prepared for some good old comfort food!!
Potato salad and Cole slaw are on the sweeter side. I would skip these two sides. However, beans, mac n cheese, and their okra are the bomb! It is casual dining and street parking! Customer service is very welcoming!Tasty. This meal hit the spot. Originally, prior to coming to Nola, I was craving for spicy chicken. I couldn't find anyone selling it. We stumbled upon Gus's (which we have previously seen on television) and decided to give them a try. Guess what? They actually add spice to their batter !!!!! My husband loves fried chicken, I love spicy food. It's a win win.This Gus's location does have spicy chicken so be aware of that when ordering, especially for children. The only non-spicy chicken they serve are the tenders. Chicken, Mac & cheese, potato salad, were all delicious. We felt the fried okra and sweet potato pie were bland and the greens tasted like canned greens. Other than that, .Couldn't leave New Orleans without trying some fried chicken. The crust was crispy and flavorful. The chicken was juicy and just the right amount of spicy. I tried both the dark and white meat. Both were delicious! The Mac and cheese was the perfect side! So creamy and cheesy! Not sure if this was the best chicken in NOLA, but it was worth the try! It didn't disappoint! Thank you Gus! 
Service was on point!Came here late on a Saturday night, as it was only a few blocks from our hotel. Ordered a half chicken plate with cole slaw and potato salad. The food was delicious and I ate every last bite. Overall, the ambiance was also good - I enjoyed the music, service, and indoor chandelier that added some class to a fried chicken establishment. Will try to stop by again the next time I'm in town!As causal and simple as it was, this was potentially my favorite place during my last trip to New Orleans. I still think about how good that meal was every now and then... there's nothing like crispy, spicy chicken and creamy coleslaw to cool you down. We tried a couple of the pies, which are perfect for sharing. There was also no wait, which deserves an extra star.  Shoutout to AJ for the fantastic service, warm hospitality, and for making us laugh/smile throughout our entire meal.My AAA guy who helps me plan amazing trips recommended this place so of course I had to check it out.  Quite a long walk from the French Quarter and no streetcar heaads that way.  Defintely worth the trouble though.  Fantastic fried chicken and sides.  Cute (at least what I could see with her wearing her obediene mask), friendly, very efficient.  Prices were very reasonable.  I wasn't all that hungry so I just got the two piece.  Had I known how good it would be I would have gotten a bigger order!
Unlikely I will ever be back this way but another meal at Gus's would be a good excuse to return.On a 5-point scale for fried chicken I had to give it all the stars possible. The skin had such a nice zing and crisp. Not sure how they pull it off but it is heavenly. It was hot and fresh.  The other things pulled the overall to four stars. The fries were average and the mac and cheese was good but by no means great. 
Still a great place to go in and get a taste of southern comfort.This place had the best fried chicken we've ever had! Great atmosphere, friendly staff amazing food! Will definitely recommend.The best fried chicken in The Big Easy 
It was crispy and spicy N o wonder it is called World FamousThis place remind me of a picnic but restuarant style! The chicken was hot and fresh, the macaroni definitely had a homemade taste too them, the bake beans were ever so tasty.  The service was good and fast. Went two Saturdays in a row, and thinking about heading back as I type this.
Sorry I didn't get a pic of the food, as I dived right in!!!Great chicken.  Probably had the best service here in our entire trip to NOLA.  Fried okra was good too.  Great atmosphere.This place has the SALTIEST, over fried, unflavored chicken! The greens taste and lol as if it's from a can and the baked beans taste like ketchup ( they weren't even brown). If you're looking for only spicy chicken your in the right place, but again you'll taste salt primarily. We had to peel the skin off just to be able to eat it. I very rarely post reviews but this food was horrible and if you're new to this city and want to experience good food don't bother with this place.The food is fresh and hot, but watch out for the heat level on the chicken. In traditional New Orleans style, it's loaded with flavor and a little kick of spicy. You don't want to miss this spot while you're in NOLA.Came back to Gus after my previous bad review after speaking with one of the managers. This time when I called to place my order once again I had to listen to an in-house conversation before the young lady on the phone took my order. I was then told it would be 30 minutes before I could pick it up. When I arrived 30 minutes later the food as still not ready and there was a line out the door for delivery orders. Once again I had to sit and wait inside for another 20 minutes before I finally got my order. It seems as if the staff cannot handle all of the to-go, delivery and in-house dining all at once and need extra people working the orders and registers. Many of the orders were confused. The chicken itself is excellent but this place really needs better training for its staff.SO SO GOOD! Best fried chicken we've ever had! The kids loved it and the atmosphere is comfortable and clean! The prices are VERY reasonable!Easily the best fried chicken I've ever had.  A tad bit spicy and incredibly juicy meat.  Not greasy and overly breaded.  The service was amazing.  We felt like we were guests in someone's home.  Would go back in a heartbeat.  Right near the WWII museum.Came into Gus's tonight and my order was messed up. Jennifer the manager went above and beyond to rectify the situation and once I got my order was corrected the food was delicious as always."This is the best fried chicken I've ever eaten in my life" he said in between chewing. Southern goodness. Will not be disappointed.It's spicy！！！I love spicy！！Also, fry okura is good too！！
Definitely, I'll go here again.My daughter's job catered Gus's for lunch and I had to go and try for myself. Nestled along the streets of the Warehouse District in NOLA.. parking was spot on... my husband ordered the dark meat and white meat dinners. The potato salad was....well this is not about the potato salad. But that chicken!!!!!! Yes Lord!!!! Completely YES!!!!! My soul as a Southern Woman says yes!!!!!! We had to wait 15 minutes for our order to be ready but why not? The end result was licking my fingers and going oh yeah...... my new spot for fried chicken.I was recently in NU ORLINS for a few days and me and my old lady, her especially, wanted to try out this place while there. Google Maps sent us on a safari trip just getting to the place, my pedometer was sweating, but once we found it we were greeted with the southern charm that being from Chicago, you don't get like at all. Once we were seated, we were greeted by the best server/waiter, I have ever encountered and his name is AJ. He was funny, spoke oh so eloquently about the items and was just a fabulous representative of what you expect coming into NU ORLINS. Not only was the service fantastic, but the food? LAWD was also amazing. I ordered the 2pc because I'm trying to be a stunt double for Michael B. Jordan and Mac and cheese and potato salad and it was DELICIOUS. For dessert it was a cookie cake-cheesecake-brownie- thingy with ice cream and LAWD I almost forgot my body goals.So our first experience at Gus' was in Memphis and we waited for this NOLA location.  For years!  Staff kind, courteous, and fast!  Chicken amazing. Fried green tomatoes yummy. Baked beans yum. Fries yum. Look when your cake is good you have a great food place. Southerners know fried chicken.Recent winner of fried chicken fest and only a week later I'm back for more. What can I say that's some damn good fried chicken. 
First time going to their physical restaurant so I decided to mix things up. I got their tenders, Mac and cheese, and coleslaw. It did not disappoint. I normally order more than I think I'll eat so I can bring some home, but since I wasn't going home after I got the 3 piece tender. I still had a half a tender left over and it was big. 
Tenders are just as good as the bone in fried chicken. They are crispy, seasoned well, and I can stuff them in my fast even faster. 
Thumbs up they have a bunch of locations find one and chow down.We love our fried chicken and often try to find the best chicken in the cities we visit. Gus' chicken was fantastic. And our server, AJ was incredibly helpful and added to the experience.
We ordered fried chicken with sides and sweet potato pie and a chocolate chess pie. Everything was excellent.
The chicken was crispy and juicy and tasty. The potato salad had a very unique flavor. Try it. 
It is a little bit away from the French quarter and we needed to take a Lyft out there but it was well worth the adventure.This was our favorite place to eat while in New Orleans!!The food was amazing & so is the pecan pie! We had the best server "Tae" out of the entire trip, she was so sweet & did an amazing job!! I would drive all the way back to Nola just to eat @ Gus's!!!Stayed in NOLA for one night. Loved how you could see the kitchen and the food being prepared. Especially loved how the workers were all getting along and just making the space a great environment. Chicken was moist and delicious. Sides were pretty good but chicken was the best part.I was so excited to eat from here; however I was not that satisfied. The chicken was just okay. The Mac & cheese was okay too. Overall I would rate this place 4/10Amazing chicken.  This is a place that originates in Memphis and has a world-wide following.  Would definitely eat here again.I went there for a quick lunch. Not from here (Houston) and when I tried the chicken tenders I fell in love. Cool spot to get a gud bite & go.If you are looking for a quick, southern comfort food, with great service. This place is the spot. Fried chicken was crispy, moist and not greasy! Mac n cheese, to be honest, was pretty disappointing. I have had better. Baked beans were good too, a tad sweet, but still good. I had never had fried green tomatoes, and they were amazing! 
Want to give a shoutout to Mr. Pierce, he was super nice, and helpful when ordering. We need more individuals like him!Devin, our server was such a warm and friendly face welcoming us into Gus's, suiting the warm casual ambiance. We shared the 4 chicken tenders and got a side of Mac and Cheese instead of the slaw and also got a side of Fried Okra. The Chicken is a bit spicy, but not overwhelmingly so. Also, it is very lightly breaded, so if you are looking for a heavily breaded chicken dish, this isn't the place. The meat is high quality though, so I feel like it doesn't need a bunch of stuff to cover it up, it is just more a matter of preference, which I happen to like just a bit more breading. The Mac and Cheese was really good, very gooey and cheesy, with a little spice on top, but again, not too much. I had a little bit of Okra, but I tend not to like green stuff very much, so I left it to my boyfriend to devour, which he did. For friendly service and good quality chicken this is a great place!Hmm.. all this time I thought a check in was the review too ‍ I was TODAY years old when I found this out..
ANYWAYSSSS
SO O O O GOOD. Honestly I was impressed. The chicken was really good and flavorful along with the creamy cheesy mac and cheese! A friend and I split a 2 piece plate with double Mac & bread  & we are both satisfied and full. Nice place. You can tell it's up and coming but I see it growing! I hope this place is here for a long time and not a good time cause this is Mother's Day vibes here  lol
& thanks to the sweetest & prolly server Pierce! (I believe that's what he said his name was older gentleman)
Side note:YELP recommended this place under hot & newOur first time there and it was amazing!! The food is so delicious and not pricey what so ever. Great portions. Definitely coming back. A great environment, and a thank you to Melanie for good service! Loved it!I have waited a few years for this Gus's to open. It did not disappoint !!! I love this chicken!!!
Went today for the soft opening. The staff were great and loved helping a local charity "Son of a Saint".  I highly recommend. This is great spicy chicken.This spot is ridiculously amazing, but let me tell you, our server AJ made it through the roof! He kept us laughing from the time we walked in the door, till we took pics with him, and said we would be back before we leave town.  The chicken had just enough kick to it, that when you pair it with the honey... OMG... you have just seen baby Jesus it's so good! Every side we had was just as amazing.  The sweet tea is so sweet, AJ has nicknamed it the ghetto punch, and wow! Talk about a diabetic coma, just like AJ said, but you can't stop drinking it.  If I could get them 10* I would, because they honestly deserve 100! Can't wait to go back, and laugh some more!Brought my plate and told me they ran out of fries and would be bringing some more shortly. I didn't even have to say anything. Loved that they brought out my food hot instead of waiting. Awesome service & will definitely come back next time I am in New Orleans!!We thoroughly enjoyed the food at this restaurant: the chicken, fried okra, baked beans, potato salad and especially the Mac and cheese were so delicious. We didn't enjoy eating with disposable dish-ware, however. It is tacky and bad for the earth. Or waitress was incredibly nice but the service was SLOW even though it wasn't too busy. She was very slow being offered condiments and two of our meal items were deliver AFTER we finished eating. The service and dish ware keep this from being a 5 star ratingThis is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. The skin was perfectly seasoned and crispy & the chicken was cooked to perfection. The sides were really good as well. It's also a really good price for the quality!I ordered on Door Dash to work, it was sitting a while because I was busy, but I reheated and it was delicious. Which I normally despise reheating fried foods. It was different than my own home fried chicken. The breading stood out thick and crunchy and well battered with a spice to it. I'd like to try it again fresh! I would recommend to a friend and family member.Went back to Gus a third time after their owner insisted that they get in right and wow did they. I ordered two chicken plates for me and my significant other and they were ready and waiting for me when I arrived with super service I was in and out. The chicken was hot and fresh and as always the Mac and cheese and greens were superb. By far the best chicken in NOLA and maybe the country.Kind of a interesting spot, decent chicken, great fried Okra... world famous Um, okay if you say so. Friendly waitress, long wait to get food even though I could see all the chicken already cooked hanging in baskets above the fryers.. silly 
Worth a tryThis has to be the best chicken in town. So juicy, and the service was great too! I can't wait to come back.We've eaten our fair share of fried chicken BUT this is hands down the BEST We've ever had! The chicken is fresh, a wee bit spiced and OMG delish! The potato salad was unlike anything I've had. It was chunky, creamy, eggy and sooooo good! The wait staff and manager were prompt and courteous and friendly.  I am so happy we found this place!  Will come  back anytime we are in NOLA!THE BEST FREAKIN CHICKEN IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD! 
P.S the staff is great too! 
The chicken isn't injected with all those "grow big to sell higher" chemicals so you get real, juicy on the inside, crunchy on the outside. It's not a crunch that dries out the meat either. Everything else s cooked just right. 
The fried pickles is my favorite appetizer. Goes great with ranch and they have the perfect crunch.
Mac & Fries are my best sides! The Mac is cheesy 
The best pie is the Chocolate Chess Pie. It's like a brownie pie!This place seems like the kinda place that started as a hole in the wall. But it is AMAZING! Best fried chicken I've ever had hands down. This is a must if visiting New Orleans. The fried okra is super fresh and the chicken is so crispy and juicy. Prices are very fair and service is super personal and great! Super intimate experience, and amazing food. The inside is super cool as well with a great southern atmosphere. We were served quickly and were in and out within 45 minutes. 10/10 recommend and will return!The chicken was absolutely delicious and unique, served fresh and hot!! The sides were a big let-down which is what reduced my rating. I tried the fried okra and the mac and cheese. The okra tasted like it was frozen from a bag and had the flour batter, nothing like the true southern okra with a cornmeal batter. The mac & cheese honestly tasted like Kraft box with velveeta added to make it creamer. It was very "American cheese" tasting which soooo disappointing. What made it worse is that they added shredded cheese on top which was so weird considering all of the other soul food options in New Orleans with slamming macaroni and cheese. I'd go back for the chicken only but they need to step their game up with the sides, this is the South for goodness sakes, there's a lot of competition!!Being from Memphis, I was very excited to see a Gus's in New Orleans. Food was very tasty and *almost* as good as the original. ;) Our server Jennifer was very attentive and helpful as well. We will definitely be back!Friendly staff. Great fried chicken. Close proximity to convention center. Service was slow for some but we are on New Orleans time.You can't come to NOLA without getting some fried chicken. This place was walking distance from our hotel and had great reviews so we had to try it out. There are so many fried chicken places, especially out on Bourbon street. But we decided to come here because we had heard great things and because this place is so clean! I really appreciated that! You can see them making your food from the bar and everything looked clean and neat.
I got a tenders plate with a bunch of sides like mac and cheese, fries and potato salad. I love me some sides! Everything was really good. The tenders were huge. They didn't have the thick fried breading like Popeyes. It was crisp but definitely a thinner coating. The sides were good too. The portions were huge and I definitely couldn't finish everything.Best fried chicken I've had and the waiter and hostess were very nice and welcoming. Made me feel like I was at their house eating with family. Couldn't of asked for a better experience.Where do I even begin?  Where do these 5 starts reviews come from? Dirty, unclean tables littering the restaurant greeted us as we walked in.  More than enough staff to get the tables bussed but it just feels like no one is in charge of managing the floor.  Food comes quickly but one of our party does not receive his food while another has the wrong sides.  We wait, wait, server does not return.  Our chicken is not hot when served nor are the chicken tenders that my friend is served but at least 3 of us received our food.  We can see directly in the chicken and there is plenty of chicken in the fryer baskets waiting to be served so we are not sure why my friend has not yet received his dinner. 15 minutes go by and I'm about to get up to walk to the front and finally catch the eye of a manager and he comes to the table. When asked about the lack of food for my friend he immediately goes into defense and says 'the chicken is tricky and has to be served hot.'  'Sometimes we throw chicken away that isn't hot so that everyone gets fresh chicken.'  Well, you could have fooled me...   The sides weren't even hot.  Beans barely warm and the Mac and cheese just warm as well. We then asked why did they serve 3 of us and not wait until we could ALL have hot chicken?  No answer given.  He goes to the kitchen, gets the server and she runs the chicken plate to my friend.  All of our plates are even colder now because we wanted to wait to eat until he was served.  The solution?  The manager brings over hot chicken IN A TO GO BAG to eat later.  Hot chicken for later?  How about hot chicken in the restaurant?  We aren't even eating 20% of the cold chicken on our plates so why bring hot chicken for later?  They offered dessert but to be honest we were so done by the experience we were just ready to pay the bill and get out of there.  We had looked so forward to going and trying it out and we were incredibly dissatisfied with the chicken, the service and the overall experience.The food was delicious and the service was so friendly! The chicken was juicy and the Mac and cheese was creamy! Would absolutely recommend. The chicken definitely has some spice, but yummy none the less!!Chicken is really good, great spice - nice and crispy. I didnt realize the restaurant had multiple locations. I need to find the one in Houston.  The chicken had amazing co -stars - I went twice. The first time i had the co-slaw and beans.  The second time i had mac and cheese and greens. 
The service was great, even when the house was full and they had to go orders!My husband, Steve, and I recently just returned from a beautiful trip to NOLA. After just coming off of the Great Chicken Debate (Pop Eyes vs Chick Fil A vs everyone else), we were excited to get our Northeastern hands on some real fried chicken in the south.
We woke up at 3:30AM on a Friday to catch a flight (two actually, a layover in Nashville first!) to NOLA. The moment we touched down in NOLA, we knew we were grabbing our luggage, hopping in our rental car, and cruising to grab some of the best chicken NOLA could offer. Since it was still early, our first option (Willie Mae's) was not open yet. So we went with what I could gather to be the second best, Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken. (It should be noted that, at the time of visit, we were unaware this restaurant was a chain). A brief side story of Gus's: it was started in Mason, TN and carried on and expanded on by the creator's son. The restaurant has several locations across the U.S from California to Maryland.
This location was tucked away on a quiet street in a charming little neighborhood of NOLA. As they had just opened, there were only a few patrons inside eagerly waiting for their chicken. We ordered a full chicken platter to share with beans, potato salad, coleslaw, and mac and cheese. The order was delivered in about ten minutes, piping hot.
We were so hungry that we didn't even care that it was as hot as the sun, we bit into it anyway. At this moment, this was indeed the best fried chicken I had ever come to have. My husband agreed it was delicious and even mouth-watering, but as he had previously tasted the fried chicken from Willie Mae's, he argued that Gus's was not the BEST. Neither one of us were too impressed with the potato salad at Gus's. We thought the other sides were fine but nothing too spectacular. The chicken itself had just enough crisp on the outside (skin) and was very moist and delicious on the inside. The white meat was my favorite. It should be mentioned that Gus's had phenomenal sweet tea as well.The first time I had Gus's was when I was in Chicago. It was across the street from my hotel. This time, it was also about a 5 minutes walk from my hotel. I was hooked after the first time I had it and this time I was excited for my husband and daughter to try it. Mardi Gras celebrations were happening all over New Orleans and we wanted to get fat before we had to give it all up, so we indulged. I called ahead for a take-out order of 12 (a-la-carte) pieces of chicken. They were so nice over the phone even though I know they were slammed with customers. It was about a 20-minute wait for the food and my husband picked it up. The chicken was seasoned well, so incredibly crispy and pieces were plump and juicy. I was in fried chicken heaven... so good! If you are looking for delicious fried chicken, hit up Gus's. You won't be disappointed with the customer service or the food.We ordered fried pickles (soooo good), two orders of chicken dark meat, coleslaw, potato salad and beans after landing in New Orleans. We were so hungry and this food was the bomb! We really enjoyed every bite. The chicken was so crispy yet juicy inside, the coleslaw was perfect and potato salad was savory tangy and hint of sweetness. Highly recommend Gus for your next fried chicken craving.I mean it's chicken, it's fried AND it's world famous!! The name even says so!
Legit may be the best fried chicken I've had. It's not extra crunchy like KFC extra crunchy BUT what it is IS fresh made in house fried deliciousness. Like not made until you order, comes out so hot it'll burn your mouth so you have to eat the slaw and beans first...that kind of fresh.
I had the three piece wings and added a tender. Awesome!Holy fudge this place was phenomenal. The service was great, the chicken was perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The Mac and cheese was by far my favorite!!! Adding the Louisiana hot sauce made it even better!! I would give this 50
Stars if I could highly recommended!We finally have a Gus's in Nola!! Bless da lords bc you know we love some good fried chicken here! Their crispy, hot and juicy fried chicken are fried in good ol' peanut oil. Fresh and made to order, I thought everything was delicious. It may need a bit  more seasoning but only bc in Nola we like it that way! Hehe i thought it was fine with some hot sauce and ketchup. Other than that I thought the Mac and cheese could be a bit more cheesy with more sauce. Fried okra was tasty, great portions and great service. I loved the ambiance, it gave off an old school diner vibe. Very clean and kid friendly as well! Go and check it out friends bc I highly recommend.The chicken speaks for itself. If you haven't had it yet, you're doing yourself a disservice. And if you're lucky enough to get seated with AJ, you're in for a treat! He wrapped up our experience there with a big red bow and a Gus' world famous souvenir cup as a parting gift. Will eat there again and I'm only sitting with AJ.I went to Gus's last night and had a two piece with Mac and cheese and beans.  The chicken was hot and fresh , it takes a little while to come out but is worth the wait.  AJ was our waiter and he was awesome! I gave the food four stars, I would give AJ five stars.Good food. Chicken was tender and juicy. Good portions. Friendly and fast service. Desserts are good.The chicken was crisped to perfection and it had so much flavor! The Mac and cheese was also very good, but the only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is because there was not much flavor on the potato salad but other than that everything was A-1!Such awesomely seasoned, made to order chicken!! It does usually take a while to get your food, but that's because they make each order after it comes though so it's super fresh. So crispy and delicious!!
Nice casual ambiance inside with good attentive service, but we usually get it to go. Never been disappointed. You can order pre-set meals or specific pieces of your choosing a la carte-we usually will do one meal (the baked beans and fries are tasty sides), and then add a few tenders a la carte. They also have yummy desserts (chocolate chess and pecan pies are decadent sweetness), and serve alcohol. Definitely worth the price you pay. It's our go-to fried chicken spot in NOLA!Food was damn good. Chicken crispy and mac was some of the best I had at a restaurant. But the thing that made it experience was the server AJ. Dude was charming, funny and very knowledgeable of the menu and history of Gus. He's clearly passionate and damn good at his job. Thank you!I had a 3 piece wing platter with Mac and cheese. The chicken was okay. It was just a lil too salty for me. But I just don't like salty food. I thought the Mac and cheese was going to be more like baked Mac and cheese. That's my fault bc the menu doesn't say that. It tastes just like kfc Mac and cheese. My friend had a 3 piece dark platter. He thought the chicken was okay. But he's from Nola and I'm sure has had a lot of good chicken. He liked the baked beans and slaw. He didn't like the potato salad. But the food was hot and fresh. The 3 stars was based on preferencesThis place did not disappoint ! Food was great , our server A.J. Has been one of the friendliest people we have met this week , never had to ask for anything he was great ! The kids enjoyed it . We will be back ,next trip for sure !I ate at Gus in Austin, Texas many times..and they never disappoint!! The BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER!! 
If you haven't tried GUS!! You absolutely need to!! The staff here is EXCELLENT AS WELL!! Great service and GREAT FOOD!!Surprisingly, the dish that stood out the most here was the side of mac and cheese. It's so deliciously rich and SUPER cheesy, most viscous cheese ever. 
The fried chicken is of course, extremely crispy, though it could do with more seasoning.
Deep fried tomatoes are really fresh! I would def give it a try if you havent before.