Their po boys are excellent. Good bread to filling ratio, flavorful, great service, happy/friendly cook. Good fresh fries too.MMM MMM GOOD.
Just happened to stroll in here 15 minutes before they close (4 or 5pm) and best decision ever.
I'm not a huge shrimp fan, so I let my friend order Fried shrimp po boy, & I got a roast beef po boy. It ain't a po boy if it's not shrimp & let me tell you I got over my dislike of Shrimp for this evening tale.
OMYFREAKINGGOD. it was good. Small you say, man they were huge. Two po boys and a coke ran us about $20, but definitely too much food, so you're getting your bang for your buck. This place has a bathroom, all the way in the back, but beware of the spilt oil... at least I had to.Good Po boys, but we were taken aback by the price- 33$ for two boys and 3 drinks. 
Happy to say we went, but won't go backBest po boys in NOLA! Great for lunch and they take call ahead orders if your worried about the line. Bring your cash because its the only form of payment they take!This was the best sandwich I've ever had. Everything was hot and fresh, the bread was amazing and the shrimp was hot, juicy and flavorful.  This will be my first stop when I'm back in Nola!Guys is a little joint on magazine street that took me thousands of drives bys to get me in. I finally went today because they were rated number one for the best roast beef in uptown. 
It's as small as it looks on the outside, with seating for maybe 18 people at communal-esque tables. I ordered a grilled shrimp po-boy despite really wanting fried and or the roast beast. My husband got a whole RB so I tried something different for good measure. 
The shrimp was perfectly cooked with a healthy amount of seasoning, although I don't know if I loved it enough to order it again. 
My husbands RB was tender and moist but I wish the meat was salted a little more and had a bit more sauce. Overall I would definitely go back for the roast beef and maybe ignore the calories and get the fried shrimp.... (Or go with someone w8216 chadbourne roadho gets it :-) after all I might not have that hubbie anymore if I always order what I really want...The real deal.
Great bread, seafood fantastic. Sausage was great.
Staff was friendly and patient.
Always on my list when I come to town.Awesome food! 
My husband and I stumbled into this place after hours of bike-riding and hunger upon us. It was wonderful for us because we didn't have to worry about parking a car and that can be a real problem given the location. If you are able to visit the restaurant, I highly recommend it. We live in a small area outside of New Orleans and let me tell you, this place beats nearly ALL restaurants in the French Quarter.I think my review is biased based on my insane wait. I called ahead and was warned that it would be 45-50 minutes, but it was a good ten minutes longer than that. When my friend and I walked in the door, the sign said "closed" and tons of people were waiting at tables with no food. They immediately asked if we were picking up an order, and then answered pretty unconvincingly "ok, it will be ready soon--whatever it is." It was NYE, and I heard the manager muttering that it was like Mardi Gras crowds, but it just seems a little nuts. They told other people who arrived later without ordering ahead that they had run out of bread, but I still can't quite understand how it was over an hour wait for two po-boys. 
That said, mine was the best shrimp po-boy I have had in a very long time. I'm not quite sure it's worth the wait but I was lucky to be able to chill on my brother's couch a block away until it was time to pick them up. If you aren't starving and have some time to kill, it's definitely worth a shot. Had it been a ten minute wait, it definitely would have been a 5 star po-boy for me. Much better than the ones at Domileses!This place is nothing short of AMAZING! Been here vacationing for the past few days and we had previously went to another Po' boys spot (Parkview Bakery). Parkview had nothing compared to the savoring succulent and fulfilling sandwiches from Guy's.
We were greeted right away by the owner Guy, a southern charmer, who takes pride in his food and service. His service was truly impeccable and we told him we were from New York and we were talking about it.
I got the friend shrimp sandwich and my partner got the chicken sandwich. My sandwich was unbelievably good. The sandwich is big-about 14 inches long- with all the desired toppings. I would recommend the small, which is half the size, unless you're really really hungry.UPDATE:
I previously gave Guy's 4 stars because I had only been once. I've now been a couple more times and feel secure saying this is the best roast beef po'boy I've had. If you're visiting town, definitely take some time to walk around Uptown and stop by this place for some delicious-es. You'll be glad you did.
ORIGINAL REVIEW: 
I've only been here once. Got a large roast beef po boy dressed with lettuce, tomato, and mayo and WOW it was delicious. Dripped delicious juices all over my face, hands, and arms--glad I went for the first time with my uncle and not on a date. 
My uncle got the hot sausage po boy which he said was good, but not as good as mine...so he ended up eating half of mine, as I couldn't finish it. It was huge! 
Reasonable prices, considering how much delicious food you get. Really small place though, I imagine if you came during lunch rush with a group you would not find a place to sit.
Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is it was only one visit. If I go again and have a different sandwich that's just as good, it will definitely be upped.Our family of six ate here today and loved it!  The large shrimp po'boy fed both my husband and I. There was a lot of shrimp on that thing!  Two of my kids shared a ham sandwich, which they loved. One daughter got a catfish basket with fries (sized for a kid) and my youngest just shared with everyone. We also got fries. Our total was $36 and we all left there totally full and satisfied!I for one am not a fan of po boys...or so I thought! After a long day of walking....literally 8 miles into our day, we stopped for lunch. It's a hometown eatery in the Garden District. I ordered a small fried shrimp po boy with fries. There was nothing special about the fries, but who am I kidding.....when you dine at Guy's you go for the po boys, not the fries. The po boy, oh the po boy....was delicious. I am now a believer. 
Beware: the small is gigantic. If you order it, it should be plenty for a second meal (at least it was for me). 
Po boy rundown:
Shrimp: fried to perfection + Bread: soft, unlike typical sourdough that ruins the roof of your mouth + lettuce and a dash of hot sauce= the makings of a great meal. Guy's was the perfect reprieve after a day of exploration.  
The unique benefit about Guy's is that poboys are made to order. Yea, it will take a bit longer before you can enjoy your meal, but fresh, hot ingredients are unbeatable and worth the wait. The staff is pleasant (only three guys)...one cooking, one constructing poboys, one on the cash register (CASH ONLY), thus no one was available to cover the dining room which leads me to my downside comments: the establishment is quite small and crowded during peak hours. The trashcan was spilling over as prospective diners piled in the entryway, tables were crummy and seating was a bit tight leaving small pockets to move around comfortably.   
Sure, we can all overlook the logistics for a good meal and I suggest you do the same. Nothing like a authentic delight off the beaten trail. 
Happy eats.We were so happy to find Guy's Po Boys open.  We had an 11-inch Alligator Sausage po boy and two six-inch Pastrami po boys.  The sausage and pastrami were very good, but the bread, oh the bread.  The Leidenheimer Baking Company's french bread had a crispiness outside coupled with a light airiness inside.  The perfect "stage" for Guy's home made alligator sausage and pastrami.  A great combination!Was trying to go to domalise, but the line was too long. So we went to this little place. The proprietor was working the kitchen, and greeted us with a hearty hello. Earnest small talk immediately made us feel that we belonged there. The lady taking the orders was adorable and very pleasant. Place was unpretentious and functional.
We each got "The Bomb". Grilled shrimp and catfish poboy, dressed of course. WOW!! Perfectly cooked, wonderfully seasoned seafood on crusty and chewy French bread. Plus hot, crispy fries and a cold Barqs in the bottle.....
Great little place, will definitely be a repeat customerSmall place very local. It was my fort experience with po boys. I shared with my mom fried shrimp and fried catfish. I was going to do grilled (healthier) but my fiend said that I need to try the whole experience. I can start diet tomorrow ... It was delicious. The owner was also the chef. Very nice guy. I will definitely come back.Awesome po boys.  I was only going to have half my roast beef sandwich when i started snd i left eating the whole sandwich and could of ate more.  The owner Guy came over and chatted us up and was very nice.Visited Guy's Po-Boys on Magazine St. and had the shrimp po-boy. Although it's a tiny mom-and-pop shop, I'll  definitely visit again.Simply put: great service. I got the fried shrimp and catfish plate. Very large portions for a hungry man but bread was a bit dry and hard. It happens. The place was nice and clean too! Had a pleasant experience there. My wife's po boy smoked sausage sandwich was good as well!Yay! After some knucklehead plowed his/her car into my beloved Guy's, I was in serious mourning....but I was delighted to see them back open this first weekend of Jazzfest.
Roast beef as delicious as ever, lovely looking shrimp. 
My only "complaint", is the loss of character from the remodel. It just feels a bit too sterile, but that isn't enough to keep me from reaffirming my love for Guy's!Although it has a few tables inside, it's mostly a take out. I like the shrimp Po Boys, but tell them to go easy on the ketchup if you get it "dressed". Oddly enough, they do not sell oyster po boys here, never did. Cash only!!!This place has the absolute best french fry po boy in New Orleans. I like the shrimp ones too, but the french fry is absolutely off the charts. All the ingredients are spot on - the fries are golden crispy, the bread is soft with the right amount of flakiness, the veggies are fresh, and I recommend adding some grilled onions and cheese. Somehow though, their sandwiches are more than the sum of their components. The flavors all go together perfectly for some gut busting deliciousness. 
This place is busy, so the staff is always hustling, but the guy who takes orders is super friendly. Not that it really matters, I would put up with a mean counter person to get a po-boy as good as this.Shrimp Po' Boy was fresh, well seasoned, and overall delicious. 
I ordered the small shrimp po boy. The portion is certainly enough for one person for a meal. 
The bread was soft and pliable and did an excellent job of giving way to the interior of the sandwich. It tasted fresh. 
The fried shrimp was lobbed on this sandwich in generous heaps. The shrimps had a flavorful and well executed breading. The breading was thick, and densely crunchy. This crunch gave the sandwich it's most defining characteristic. The shrimp did taste a bit "tanky", meaning they tasted a little like they were cheap and soaked in a tank of city tap water. The could probably have been marinated for added glory. 
The shrimp were excellent in execution: both plump, juicy, and firm.  
Lettuce, tomato, and mayo topped the sandwich and were fresh and well chopped. 
An excellent place to try a Po Boy. They are recognized as a top spot by both Yelp and the NOLA Gambit weekly for a reason. Go check them out.We were all over New Orleans this past week trying all the local stops and foods and this place completely surprised me. It was recommended to us by a friend who went to Tulane years ago and we were in the area so we figured we stop. A small, un-boastful little counter store that has the best dang shrimp po' boy I've ever had! My husband has the bomb which he said was equally as good. And everyone working there so exceptionally nice to boot!Took your advise and went here about 2 days ago. I got a large shrimp/catfish po'boy and it was good but I was a little disappointed cause the shrimp weren't cleaned properly.. Nothing more unappetizing than looking down and seeing the little poop sack still attached! Had to take a few stars off. But the staff was great, quick. It was great to hear the locals sittin around shootin the $hit though!The bomb is the bomb. Their prices are somewhat dear (expensive) in my opinion but they are generous with their portions. Normally I'd be mad paying $37 for 2 poboys but they really were absolutely fantastic. All we had were the bomb poboy. I would go back and would pay again but I wouldn't mind a coupon for certain.Yum. I ordered the fries loaded with cheese and debris and gravy. It's not on their menu but they will do it for you if you ask and it is the bomb.Marvin is the man. Best poboys in town. And great prices. Fried shrimp, fried porkchop, ham, meatball all great poboys. Red beans and rice are solid.My favorite poboy spot in Uptown. Shrimp Poboy is piled high with shrimp. The Bomb Poboy is equally amazing.I should start by saying I'm not from New Orleans, however whenever I am here I am always in search of a great Shrimp Po Boy. On this trip I was able to order a few, from places "famous" for their contribution to the New Orleans Po Boy. They shall remain nameless however since their performance would only prompt a less than average review.
On to Guy's Po Boys. While they are not in the French Quarter but out on Magazine St. their shrimp Po Boy was one of the finest I have ever had and worth the trip. Not only was it loaded with shrimp but the breading was excellent, seasoned well, light and NOT loaded with so much salt it overpowers. 
This place is small, not fancy and serves primarily well informed locals. If you are looking for a great Shrimp Po Boy in my opinion this is the place. Kudos to Guy and the guys there!This is my absolute favorite place to get a big, sloppy roast beef po-boy. 
Perhaps it's my favorite because when we moved to New Orleans from Portland in June 2013, we had the luck of moving right around the corner from Guy's. I tend to think it's my favorite because it's cheaper, juicier, sloppier and bigger than most other po-boys, and packed with roast beef. 
Guy's is also home to my 13 year old daughter's fave fried shrimp po-boy. Fries are good, but not outstanding and they have run out on us before. Nice self-serve drink cooler with the requisite bottle of Barq's.
Yes, it is small. Don't go at 12:30pm and be surprised there isn't a table. We generally get ours to go...that way I don't have to worry about looking like a savage covered in delish roast beef juice.
Biggest bummers for me? Closing at 4pm and being closed on Sundays :(Wow, wow!  Honestly can say the BEST shrimp po-boy I have ever had.  And I have had a bunch....Fresh, crusty french bread with TONS of fried shrimp (had dressed with lettuce,, tomato, pickle, tartar sauce).  Went with family of 5, very small place but we found table.  Were there on Monday and special was red beans and rice, with grilled sausage, salad and bread. Two of our group had the special and was delicious!  Will definitely be back!!
NOTE:  The "small" po-boy is pretty big, would suggest sharing a large.I really wanted to like my "the bomb" po-boy, but I couldn't. It was so salty it made me sick! Additionally the salt came from over seasoning because there were only three pickles on the whole large sandwich. Also this place is cash only which is extremely inconvenient, it's 2016...get an iPad!We had incredible food here.  Thursday special and Crawfish and onion sausage po boy.  Both so well done.  Ate at Antoine's the night before and it was incredibly overpriced and mediocre.  THIS was $20 and SO GOOD.A fantastic, authentic New Orleans experience.  The shrimp po boy came recommended by the friendly and knowledgeable person working the counter.  It was everything she said it was and worth the trip.  My colleague had a salad (I know) and that wasn't disappointing either, with plentiful portions  of grilled chicken.  If you are looking for a great food and service experience, look no farther.  I hope to return again on my next trip.Catfish and shrimp po' boy was incredible.  If I'm ever back in New Orleans I would definitely go back to Guy's.This restaurant has fresh seafood that was well seasoned. They definitely give you a lot of food for your money. The owner was very polite and cane over to my friends and I and provided history of the restaurant. He was so kind enough to provide other helpful tips of things to do in New Orleans. This place would have received 5 stars but the sides are not that great.Best poboys in town! Their fried shrimp poboy is amazing and always a crowd pleaser. Other favorites that aren't on other menus are the grilled shrimp and "The Bomb". It's cash only but there is an ATM on site so no worries! This poboy joint is definitely a must if your from out of town or had a longer night then expected!Tasty shrimp po boy with lots of shrimp and chewy bread.  Friendly counter staff.  Small casual place.  Worth a try.  Cash only (atm inside).good stuffMy partner and I had a Seafood platter to go for lunch today. The options for sides were: potato salad, fries or jambalaya. We got the potato salad and jambalaya. The shrimp were good, fish was a little soggy, potato salad pretty good-once we doctored it up, but there was no saving what they called jambalaya! It tasted like canned chili!? The rice was so overcooked as to be mush-totally inedible. And it would be a good idea to put some tartar sauce/cocktail sauce...something to go along with the order. Really disappointing, especially considering it was $18 for the platter and 1 bottle soda. 
I have had some great food from here, unfortunately, today was just OK. I wanted to give them 2 stars instead of 3, but I'm in a good mood.A long day of shopping in uptown led us to Guy's.  A tiny lil place that is well worth a trip, while spending way too much of your bf's money.
No need to order a large.  Trust me, these sandwiches are huge.  I ordered the shrimp po boy, dressed.  It was fantastic.  Bread is perfectly crusty on the outside, soft on the inside, and loaded with fried shrimp.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Damn... I wish we had this in LA.
Again...
This place is TINY.  But, it's worth grabbing a sandwich and sitting on the sidewalk if need be.It's not Domilise's, but it's still a good po boy at a decent price. The staff was helpful and we received our food in approximately seven or eight minutes. I ordered the hot sausage; it was very good. My brother ordered "The Bomb," which is a half grilled catfish/grilled shrimp po boy covered in cheese. It was fantastic. The prices were a little high, but not too bad considering the location and the quality of the product. They don't accept credit cards, which can be an issue.THE BEST. we come every time we are in New Orleans. My first trip to New Orleans about 6 years ago I was not eating much meat and the owner crafted up some amazing sandwich.. I can't even remember what it was but we've never stopped talking about this place since. So fresh, giant portions. Cash only and worth the walk from wherever you are. I have no clue why there aren't only 5 star reviews... For those saying its pricey, the sandwiches are so giant. GO NOW!!My boyfriend and I trekked a long way to come here. He ate here previously and loved it. I thought it was just "ok." A lot of shrimp on the Po boy.My 500th review!
After passing Guy's time and time again and hearing how great it is, I finally got to stop in and experience the deliciousness for myself.
I went in around 3 in the afternoon on a Saturday. It wasn't packed at all and I was able to quickly order and find a seat. They have an extensive menu, but unfortunately they don't have oyster po boys. Oh well. I decided on a fried shrimp, dressed, instead.
After about 10 minutes, I had my sandwich. I have to say that Guy's was well worth the wait. It was amazing. The bread was fresh and perfect and it was overflowing with shrimp. I ordered a regular size and couldn't even finish it all (of course I did, later). My friend got a roast beef po boy and that looked incredible too! When I go back (and I will be back), I will absolutely have to try it.Great high quality poboys. An efficient establishment that I recommend. Get a poboy and eat it.I would be happy to give them higher stars if you didn't have to wait 45 minutes for a damn sandwich. And, no, it wasn't as transcendent as the other reviewers listed. I think it's because they were so hungry from the wait, their pangs of starvation clouded their judgment.Best shrimp po boy in town! Seasoned and fried perfectly; huge portion for the money. I've had most of the sandwiches and daily specials, all of which are consistently quality offerings. Mr. Marvin, the owner and chef, is a joy to talk to and genuinely loves preparing delicious food for his customers. They don't take credit/ debit cards so bring cash or use their on site ATM. You cannot go wrong choosing Guy's!My absolute favorite poboys in town! I never leave unsatisfied!This place is a "To-go" place every time we come to New Orleans. My family and I live in California, my husband is from New Orleans. So every time we make it out here, this place always comes to mind because of their Po-boys. My kids love the catfish. My husband and I love the shrimp.Just landed in nawlins from Boston after barely escaping from the fourth nor'easter of the month and came straight to this place in search of a good po'boy. I got the bomb (shrimp and catfish with Swiss cheese and melted cheddar) and ordered size small, the guy accidentally charged and got me a large, but it was pretty damn good that I was OK with the error. Will def come back.Born and raised in Louisiana-best shrimp poboy I've ever had!! Newly remodeled, clean and pleasant. Counter lady was really nice and helped me decide between a large and small. Small was huge and I could only finish half. Bread was perfect and shrimp were nice sized and not greasy. Even the fries were light and delicious. 
Will definitely be back!!Best Po Boy I've had during my visit. Loaded with shrimp and huge. Fries are perfect and again-- no way I finished. I need three people to help me eat this lunch. The owners are friendly and fun! This place just feels good. I'd come back
Just to hang.Shrimp Poboy is awesome. Its practically a normal shrimp poboy + a platter of fried shrimp. Pricier than others but so much better.Finally made it here after living in New Orleans for over three years and I must say I was very impressed.  The bread was just how it should be.  It had a nice crust, but wasn't so stiff that it crumbled as I bit into it.
My only real problem is that they only take cash.  They do have an ATM inside.  I'm about to start keeping a "Guy's Twenty" in my truck so that whenever I am in the mood 
They prices were a bit high for a po boy, but that just seems to be the way it is everywhere nowadays.No exaggeration, best po-boys in the city. The Bomb is exquisite, the pork chop po-boy is spectacular, and everything else is just flat out better than you can find elsewhere. Worth a trip from any distance away to try.THIS!
1. The most filling sandwich I have ever had. Did they leave anything alive in the seaside? Because I think it was all in my sandwich. 
2. This is a week and a half later. I can still taste this sandwich.
3. Friendly people. I felt like a local. 
4. Did I mention that I ate one of these sandwiches last night, IN MY DREAMS!We wanted some good Po Boys in New Orleans. Finally found it here! The portion is huge! Should have read more carefully from other reviews as the "small" sandwich is definitely enough for lunch. My husband had the fried shrimp Po Boy. I had "The Bomb" (grilled catfish and grilled shrimp). The kids had the fried chicken Po Boy. Everyone was happy and stuffed. I love the bomb. Generous portion of shrimp and catfish. Bread (by Leidenmeister who apparently supplies many local restaurants) is very good. 
We came on a Tuesday for lunch. Called ahead around 12:30 and not too busy when we got there. We were even able to grab a table for 6! Definitely take others' recommendations to call for take out. It was already packed by the time we left. 
Would love to go back again!Absolutely delicious! It's always busy, and cash only. They are open as long as they have fresh bread, so going late in the afternoon can be a gamble!Came in for lunch after being on tours all day. Was definitely hungry and wanting to stay away from the quarters since we had to go back later at night. Found this establishment on Yelp and decided to give it a try! Parking wasn't too hard to find in the street and there were available tables when we went in at about 2:30pm. Great food!! We ordered the Friday special along with a sausage Po' Boy and were not disappointed. 
Important Note: They only take cash, and have an ATM inside if needed.One of the best Shrimp Po-boys that I have ever had! I've been here every time I visit New Orleans, which on the average is twice a year, and the quality is always there! I highly recommend it and the guy behind the counter, which I have to assume is "Guy" is an absolute kick!This place is great. I'm a Dallas girl and wanted to try my first hamburger po boy. I've been to a couple of po boy places in New Orleans but this will be my new regular spot. The food is good and the portions are generous. 
A couple of tips if this your first time call ahead and order, the lunchtime and dinner Rush is a real thing. I watched a woman get mad and stand at the counter asking when her food would be ready. I guess it was her first time. She didn't understand that they make the food fresh. That takes time. 
Get the regular size po boy, if you're a big eater get the bigger one, but you'll be sad if you get the big one and can't finish it. Trust me get the smaller on, you're stomach will thank you later. 
There are about 15 or so seats insidjje the place so if you can, call ahead, pick your foot up, and eat it at home. Or you can stand by the door and stalk the people already eating and wait for them to get up. You won't want to do that, the food is so good you won't want to wait for a seat. I think the only thing Guys should change is they should put out some patio tables outside, but with the summer coming and temps hitting 104, I'm not sure if anyone would want to eat outside. 
Dressing is extra, but that's standard anywhere. When you get your po boy "dressed" means lettuce picked tomatoes and mayo. Just a tip so that you won't look like a tourist. 
Will upload pictures my next trip because seeing is believing.I spent a week in New Orleans with my girlfriend who used to live there and she told me about so many foods i needed to try. Poboys were one of them ! It took until the last day of our trip to visit Guys and finally have a PoBoy ! I didn't know what to expect, i only knew that they were sandwiches of some sort. When the sandwiches finally came i was looking at one TITAN of a sandwich. Now i usually tend to finish all the food i eat, i pride myself in that. but i swear i got through half the sandwich and i couldn't help but get full. Amazing Poboys here. i got the shrimp Poboy and it was CRAMMED with shrimp. Definitely where you want to go for your first and every PoBoy after that.Maybe I just don't get po boys as a concept? They just don't have enough moisture or flavor for me. I got the fried shrimp po boy and had kinda doused it in Crystal because I felt it was too dry. It did remind me how much I love Crystal though (yum). There were a lot of nicely fried shrimp though and the portions were huge!New Orleans, as most remember it, is not the same. However, a new generation and with an eclectic essence is taking place, keeping NOLA, and all its best features, alive and kicking. Guys Po Boys on Magazine St. is an excellent example of this.  While guys has been around for a good while,  the locals and transplants from around the country are enjoying this classic Po-boy shop. 
The restaurant/sandwich stop is at its finest.*
While Guys does not have everything on the menu, (sorry Oyster lovers, like myself) keeping it simple is the secret to its continued success. 
That being said, it has alligator sausage as well, and the biggest open secret menu item around, gravy/debris fries (with cheese if you like).
If I have a first suggestion for first timers or tourists with a curiosity for the NOLA food indulgent, Guys is "where it's at bayby."
*See Pictures For all of NOLA'S Essential menu items.The "bomb" was the bomb. This sandwich was packed with grilled shrimp and catfish with some kinda melted cheese fully dressed. I had the fried shrimp po boy and the po boy was overflowing with shrimp. You definitely got your money's worth.Little hole in the wall place serving home cooking. Got the roast beef poboy - as it should be - HOT and dressed. I'd be upset if it wasn't hot - that's a staple poboy of New Orleans. It was good. Not amazing but damn good. Oh and HUGE! Lol - no way could I finish a small. Service was very good. The only thing I would would work on are some aesthetics - get a new counter or give it a facelift. Have some good music playin' and for the love of God - clean your hot sauces and ketchups - the tops are disgusting. Most restaurants over look this and in my opinion it's gross.  I also wish they had a surf and turf poboy option as well as fried oyster.  Oh and lastly - get a credit card machine. This day and age you don't take credit cards? Come onMy boyfriend and I had the hot sausage po boy from here. It was our first time. The food was great, the staff was friendly, and prices weren't bad. I would definitely go here again.Came by Friday at 11:30 for an "early" lunch before meeting my daughter for a "late" lunch.  Is there a problem with that?  Split the small fried shrimp po' boy and was not disapponted.  PLENTY of beautifully fried shrimp, dressed to perfection.  Don't miss this joint.Very good french bread here. I'm not sure but I think the large french bread tastes better than the smaller one. 
If you ask for a "dressed" po boy they put hot sauce on it, with lettuce and tomato and mayo. 
I order shrimp po boys. I order it dressed _without_ the hot sauce, and I sprinkle some salt on the lettuce. (If  you sprinkle the salt on the cool shimp it falls off.)Really good po-boys here. They didn't have a huge menu (e.g. no fried oysters). But what they had was delicious. Alligator sausage was very flavorful; fried shrimp was very light and tasty. Solid food. Like most in New Orleans, cheap with large portions.
The people here are really nice as well.
We actually came here because casamentos was closed, wanted something similar, drove past it earlier, and it looked like a good local spot. Glad we stopped in.An All Time Great. The experience is always good, and the grilled shrimp is unbeatable. The roast beef po-boy is also one of the most flavorful for for the variety that has slices as well as debris. These are some of the most carefully made po-boys I've ever found.My STARS
Taste *
Value *
Service *
Location *
X-factor
Hit up this locals spot on a Tuesday around lunch time to knock another off my list of the 20 essential poboys in New Orleans. This time, it was the grilled shrimp poboy (dressed) and a 20 oz COKE ZERO (unfortuantely, no fountain drinks). For $20 (including tax and tip) the wifey and I had enough food to share. The flavors were on-point, but there was nothing that took it to the next level- shrimp were flavorful, french bread was chewy and soft, dressed just the way it should be, just no little extra to put it over the top. Maybe, that's exactly what you should be looking for in a no-frills place like this though. Our order was ready without too much of a wait and delivered right to our table along with a compliment to my partner in crime and an offer for an extra plate (for the sharing). They are a CASH ONLY business, but had an ATM right next to the counter. Street parking only, but we didn't have any problem finding the a spot right nearby.This was bad. Plain and simple. 
I got the roast beef. I assumed it was gonna be cold since the kid behind the counter asked if I wanted it with mayo. But when I got it it was a HOT hero that had a disgusting gravy covering it along with mayo on top of it. It tasted like canned  dog food! With lettuce and tomato smashed down on top of it. Again I repeat DISGUSTING!
My husband got the chicken special. Without lettuce and tomato. Guess what he got on it. Lettuce and tomato. He had to scrape it all off. At least his was was satisfactory.
Not some place I would spend the cash. It was over $25 for two people. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!I've got some guys, they reside on Magazine
I've got some guys, their place is so clean
I've got some guys, they like to make poboys
I've got some guys, I like those poboys
Well, I know and I need
And I feel we're going higher and higher
Well, I know and I need
And I feel we're going higher and higher
Guy's poboys has won me over. The shrimp poboy is awesome, fairly inexpensive and the service is legit, y'all.  The roast beef is the best in Nola as far as I'm concerned. 
Cash only. Parking isn't easy. Worth every inconvenience. 
Oh yes. Thanks Tripping Daisy for the inspiration :)Guys is the best in New Orleans. I was here a year ago while searching for a house prior to moving. After returning 6 months later he remembered me. I have tried 6 other places but NONE compare to Mr. Marvin. The man is the best at what he does. Yes you may wait, but as they say that" you can't rush perfection". Those who don't like his food must have dead taste buds. Plus for my wife to say that she can eat here every day is a big thing. I just love guys food. The best in town and must say its my go to place.I love the atmosphere, the owner and staff are so friendly. I really recommend the daily specials! The shrimp poboy was yummy.Its my favorite place to get a po boy...the fried shrimp is amazing! the "bomb" which is grilled catfish and shrimp is awesome! The only thing is I like more when the twins boys are attending  there...they are very friendly...the blonde girl doesn't make any effort to smile, but nothing that makes me not going back there.Guy's Po Boys is the best po-boy shop in NOLA.  The shrimp po boy and fried chicken po boys are deeeelicious.  I would try any po boy they have on the menu because I saw what the other ones looked like while dining there.  The price is very reasonable for a huge sandwich and they couldn't be any friendlier.Be still my artery-clogged heart, which is what will happen if i keep eating here but I can't stop...it's within walking distance of my house and has some of the most delicious food I've ever had, po-boy or otherwise. The fried shrimp po-boy (dressed, of course!) is unbelievable; my husband likes 'The Bomb'. That's really all there is to say. My only saving grace is that it closes early (4 or 5ish) so I can't make late-night runs. It should be illegal to have food this good.This place is about as small as my closet but it has the most amazing grilled shrimp poboys. I have never tasted one sooo good!!!! Always fast and super friendly. Love that it's small but hard to get a table.ALERT, ALERT, Guys is now open. This is great news for New Orleans. After a small accident that left his shop in bad shape the wait is over. They master Po boy maker is back, and my tastebuds are jumping so no more subpar po boys. The new look is great, and the atmosphere is still the same with Mr. Marvin. That being said great food mad with love, and the man himself who is just a great guy, funny, kind, humorous. Glad you r back good sir
Guys is the best in New Orleans. I was here a year ago while searching for a house prior to moving. After returning 6 months later he remembered me. I have tried 6 other places but NONE compare to Mr. Marvin. The man is the best at what he does. Yes you may wait, but as they say that" you can't rush perfection". Those who don't like his food must have dead taste buds. Plus for my wife to say that she can eat here every day is a big thing. I just love guys food. The best in town and must say its my go to place.Shrimp po' boy was excellent, the bread was warm, flaky perfection! It's nice to enjoy your meal in the heart of the city, without all the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.Guys is pretty good. Order at the counter, menu on the wall, limited seating.  There are only 10 or so choices on the menu, the usual.  I got the roast beef.  I definitely wouldnt say it's the best in town but it was good. The girlfriend was underwhelmed with the fried shrimp po boy.  But overall I would recommend place.I ordered a shrimp Po-Boy and my lady ordered chicken after me. My order came up quick and it was pretty good. However, the cooks took 40 minutes to figure out that they didn't have chicken, and finally gave her shrimp after we promoted them twice. Fucking dumbasses.guys Po-Boys place today it was great met some interesting people from Seattle and Little Rock Arkansas I had the Shrimp Po Boy as usual it was good Marvin is a great cook !Really good, classic po-boy sandwiches.  Wide choice, all with generous portions and fresh ingredients.  Family-style shared, large tables, so don't be bashful.  Don't be put off by the chaotic ordering style.   Stay focussed while picking up, or you will lose your seat!  Busy with local crowd, mainly working contractors.  Excellent value:  generous and less expensive than many places.  On Magazine bus line toward zoo, and close to boutique shopping area. Parking is a blood-sport in this area, so stay alert, stay nimble!  I enjoy the food and the sport of eating here.Friendly, upbeat vibe. Huge sandwiches! BUT, the shrimp was very fishy tasting and the catfish was overlooked and had a strange texture. We really wanted to love this place, but we won't be going back. Bummer.Okay what to say about guys po boys. 
The fried shrimp po boy is great. And the shop and staff are BRILLANT. But.... I gave three stars due to the wait. It's about 45 minutes from the time you order.  So be prepared. But it's a hell of a sandwhich.Guy's Po Boys on Magazine in the Garden District was definitely a treat during our recent visit! I'm glad we got a chance to make this walk from where we were, a good distance away. The place is somewhat small, with an awkward layout, thus limiting seating if they get super busy. Each table has napkins and a couple of LA hot sauces (Crystal and Louisiana). Seems like they don't get a chance to clean often as most tables had crumbs etc that needed to be slightly tidied up before you dined in. 
Anyway, they have two sizes (small and large) and a plethora of flavors/styles. I ordered one (don't recall the name) which had shrimp, catfish and melted cheeses. I got a small but with the amount of seafood they stuff into those things, this could've easily been turned into two meals... for the wifey it did end up being two meals (even though I ate the 2nd portion... don't judge me). This makes the value of Guy's well worth your bucks (and walk... depending on how far you are).Grilled shrimp Po' boy, Yum! A little pricey but totally worth it!Outstanding shrimp and catfish poboy! Best I had while in New Orleans and tried 3 other well known spots. Service with a smile and absolutely delicious. No regret!This was my first Po Boy in Louisiana (an authentic one). Was very delicious and great size for the price. I'll come here every time I visit New Orleans.Another fine example of really good Po-Boy sandwiches.
We got a variety, shrimp, roast beef, etc. but couldn't get any oysters (not their fault, it's availability.
The French bread is crispy on the outside and soft as a pillow inside, stuffed full of all the usual ingredients.  Great, delicious sauce too.
Also had the fried onion rings.  Quite good.
Wash it down with an Abita beer and you got a very good meal.I'll start with what's most important: the po boy (gator sausage) was beyond delicious. A friend got the shrimp and was equally satisfied. However, we waited 45 minutes for our food (reason for the low star rating) and it was cash only. Womp womp.This place is a must for good sandwiches. I had the turkey with gravy and it was excellent. My husband had a ham and cheese. The portions are large so a small is more than enough for one person. The ingredients are fresh.We were on a cruise and about to leave NOLA and the wanted a po-boy. I pulled out the YELP ap and saw this place had 4.5 stars. Hey it is worth a shot. I'm glad that we stopped. It is a small neighborhood place not big at all. Small place with big flavor. I had been in NOLA a few years ago and left wishing I had a great food memory. This time I did. It is a cash only place but there is an ATM. We laughed at how there were only guys in Guys. The owner was in the back cracking jokes with his customers while he worked. I'm gonna be honest I did not have any hopes or expectation for the food. I was wrong. The food was hot ,fresh,and delicious. I had the fully dressed shrimp po-boy without the hot sauce. The shrimp were lightly breaded and plentiful.  The bread was soft and fresh perfect to accompany the shrimp. Simple good food is what I found at Guys. I don't consider my self knowledgeable of New Orleans cuisine but I know what I like.  Guys is on my list of places to revisit.I hadn't been in a few years because I always thought Guy's was only an average po-boy place. But I just had their large roast beef with swiss po-boy, and I have to say that its the best I've had anywhere in years. It hit all the right spots, just like Streetcar Sandwiches did back in the day.
I'd been going to Parasol's a lot, but this sandwich made Guy's leapfrog ahead of Parasol's on my list. Plus its convenient on a relatively low-key section of Magazine Street, and there's no pretense whatsoever. I saw one of the Nevilles when I was in there. And Guy is my first name!  What's not to love?The good: Huge sandwiches, and the deep fried catfish was good, and the sister and brother-in-law said the deep fried shrimp and roast beef were also good.  I thought the roast beef was kind of blandish but it still was fine and a large stack of beef.  It was moist, but not exactly tender, maybe more soggy.  The deep fried catfish filets seemed fresh but didn't have that much flavor - I had to put tartar sauce or hot sauce on it.
The bad: The fries were just okay.  LONG wait.  We waited about 35 minutes, and the place didn't seem THAT packed.  It seemed like people got their po boys before us, but those people were probably people that called in their order or left something in the tip jar.  Not a lot of room to sit, and you'll probably be squished.  The staff aren't rude, but they're not exactly friendly either.  You have to pay extra for lettuce and tomato but it's not that much more, about 30¢ or 35¢.  It's more annoying than anything else to have to pay for condiments, in my opinion.
All in all, I'd come come here again, although this wasn't the perfect meal.  I haven't found a better po boy, but I haven't looked that hard either.This is what sandwich shops should all be like, whether you call them a Po-Boy, a Hoagie, a Grinder, a Sub, or a Big Sandwich!
Start with great bread, quality meats, plus great staff & a name u can track down over the door!!!
Down with the franchise & up with the owner's name!
#RunAwayBill  #PartyReptileThe less pretentious an eat place, the more I like it.  Guy's is a perfect example of this.  The menu is simple, like any other po'boy place, except there is a grilled shrimp option!! Yay!!!! A Barq's in a glass with a shrimp po'boy could be my only meal everyday for the rest of my life.  The prices at Guy's are cheaper than that of Domilise's and Tracey's. 
If I am craving a shrimp po'boy without remoulade sauce, I come to Guy's.  Unfortunately Guy's is only open until 4pm, so I never get to come as much as I would like.  Cash only.Not sure what compelled me to stop here, I was bike riding and stopped for lunch. I had no idea what to expect, no reports, no recommendations. The place is small, the Po Boy was fantastic, (had the roast beef) Made a point to tell the owner I enjoyed it. The smile on his face said he enjoys what he does! Struck up a conversation with a regular while waiting, he said he's been coming there since he was a little boy.I texted my friend Michael and asked him to name the best place for a poboy on Magazine. That's a solid stretch with lots of options, but he immediately replied: Guy's. So Guy's it was.
I got the small catfish poboy, and it was delicious (though not small). The bread was that perfect (if hard to explain) blend of soft, chewy, and crusty. The catfish was crispy (and not at all greasy) with a seasoned crumb that needed no additional condiments. It was dressed, but it stayed together when I ate it, which is a feat.
I can't bring myself to try the roast beef because I'm afraid it might be better than Parkway Tavern's. I just can't handle that.Pretty damn good!  Had the small 6" fried shrimp po-boy and the wife had the small 6" fried chicken po-boy, both dressed of course.  First off, they were mammoth, I don't know what kind of rulers they got, but these were much larger than 6" (that's what she said).  The batter was so light on both the shrimp and chicken, the sandwiches didn't bust our bellies.  Yummy!"The bomb" po boy lives up to its name. Amazing. We just wandered in, and this po boy was the best thing we ate on our trip to Nola. Service was okay, tables dirty, food awesome.Absolutely amazing po boy, "The Bomb".  Wow.
I walked in and even though it didn't seem crowded, there were about 10 people standing/sitting around waiting for their orders.  I walked right up to the counter, ordered "The Bomb", then stood back and watched.  It seemed like they had forgotten my order, but they hadn't, it just takes a while to make a meal this delicious.  I ended up standing there for 25-30 minutes while they caught up with the backlog and took more orders.  But when my po boy finally arrived it was worth every minute of the wait.  For the amount of food you get, it's actually not a bad price either.
Go when you have time to wait, and know that it will be worth it.Brought by a local. My po-boy was very bland and tasteless. I was told, after the fact, that it wasn't a true NOLA classic, that l shouldn't have ordered it. Then why was it prominently featured on the menu??
Service was slow and because of the poor design limited seating. Also no free water.During my visit to New Orleans last week, my boyfriend and I did the "Po Boy Challenge" - 6 honking sandwiches in 4 days. On the second day, while antiquing along Magazine street,  we went to Guy's, Domisile's, and Mahoney's (we split the sandwiches. they're huge). The fried shrimp po boy at Guy's was by far the best we had on the whole trip. When I took my first bite, I was like, "This is it. I'm here. I'm in New Orleans." While all of the po boys we had were outstanding (we also went to Mother's, Parkway, and Johnny's), Guy's was the star. It's also aptly named - I was the only woman in the place. It was one of the cheaper places, but as most people know, these things ain't for the po'. Were planning to go back as soon as we can and finish the challenge - Crabby jacks and Gene's. But I doubt they'll be better than Guy's.By far my absolute favorite poboy shop in town. I love fried shrimp, but the classic roast beef dressed is so perfect it's easily my last meal.This is a great little sandwich shop that is a local favorite, not a tourist hangout.  We ordered two of the alligator poboys (not on the regular menu--look for the specials to the right of the register) and a Friday special, which is fried shrimp and catfish. 
All the main entrees were very good.  It was exactly what we wanted to start our New Orleans vacation.  The only item we didn't care for was the potato salad salad that came with my Friday special.  It was particularly bland.  Try ordering a different side.  However, the jambalaya, my second side, was really good.
I definitely recommend this venue.  A tip: Order ahead by phone, which I'm pretty sure you can do before the door open at 11:00am.  We got there right when they opened, and even though we were only the third party to order, it took about 20 minutes to get our food.  While we were waiting, several people came in to pick up their phone orders. 
Oh yeah, one more thing: CASH ONLY.  Just a heads up.Absolutely the best Po Boy we had on our trip. This will be a must go to every time I come back to New Orleans. We had the Chicken Special. Definitely big enough for 2. Full of so much flavor and the chicken was great!My favorite po boy spot in town.  Living a half block away means constant temptation on a Saturday.  The roast beef and shrimp and both excellent and enormous.  However, it is definitely worth exploring some of the less traditional po boy options.  My personal favorite is the pastrami - it is unbelievably good.  I get it with swiss cheese, pickles and mustard.  One bite and there is no doubt that it is house smoked and a clear front runner for best pastrami in the city!I love poboys. It's not just a food to me but a lifestyle decision. I eat a few poboys a week. Usually I eat parkway because they are open later in the evenings but I had been wanting to try Guys for a while. I had time to kill for lunch today and made the drive down magazine to Guys. I am so glad I made this decision. I got the shrimp poboy and loved every bite. The bread was flaky but chewy, the shrimp were seasoned and battered perfectly, and the tomatoes they used were delicious and juicy. The only reason I give it four stars and not five is because the fries were kinda soggy but that didn't stop me from eating them all. I will be coming back again, and again, and again.I have been to Guy's twice.  The first time I had the fried shrimp po boy I was very pleased.  The shrimp alone were lightly fried and well-seasoned.  I was in heaven!  The second time I got the shrimp again and it wasn't as mind-blowing.  Still happy with guys and will go back- maybe I'll give the shrimp another try or maybe I'll try the roast beef everyone is raving about :). It is a small place with intimate seating so either get your food to go or be okay with making new friends and getting up close and personal with strangers!  I will say, if I'm up for a po boy, this would be my first choice.I used to live about 50 feet away from this little shop 15 years ago.  The poboys were great then and remain so today.  The owner and some of the people working for him are the same.  
Their shrimp poboy is one of the best in the city, featuring plump, juicy, fried shrimp on  fresh chewy french bread. They are made to order, so there can be a bit of a wait, but it is soooo worth it.
 Bring cash as this is all they'll accept in exchange for their awesome sandwiches.  Although its tucked into a mostly residential strip of Magazine St., watch where you park as the meter maids make it a point to patrol the area.Truth be told I only ever get a shrimp po boy cause it's my absolute favorite! There's just something about a mountain of fried shrimp that makes me happy. Guy's definitely delivers. The only reason it's not a 5 star is because they do lunch hours only. Where's a girl supposed to get a good po boy after 5?Our neighborhood poor boy shop. We split a regular grilled shrimp, I ask for extra pickles. Pair it with a cold Barq's root beer. Say hi to Mr. Marvin - "They call me Guy, I don't know why."I like Guy's home style chicken special.  It was a menu item that he recommended.  Would love to try the bomb, as anything that has shrimp and cheese must be awesome.
But for a person that can't stand mustard, guy's passion and a zesty mix certainly makes for a delightful bite.  The chicken special can't be matched- especially when the chef has the enthusiasm that guy has.Best poboy my husband and I have had in years! The bread was so fresh! He had the shrimp poboy and I had the grilled chicken one with Canadian bacon and melted cheese (I forgot the name of it) but it was so good! It is one of those hole in the wall type places that you have to look for but so glad we found!My favorite spot for a roast beef po boy. Sauce is great and roast beef is moist and delicious. Small store and can get pretty busy but well worth it.Pretty darn good Po Boy - prices are not exactly cheap but they are a bit lower than some in town.  The grilled shrimp option is very good and nicely seasoned (as opposed to the fried shrimp which were a bit bland on their own) but Guy's adds just the right amount of condiments to bring out flavor without overpowering (which I find to be the case at Domilise's where they just ladle on the ketchup and hot sauce and it completely overpowers the sandwich).  The alligator sausage is also really good and has good spice and most everything you can order will be good.  The largest drawback at Guy's is the tight space and 20+ minute wait for your sandwiches - with very little space many folks end up waiting outside where you can't even hear them call your name.
Overall this is a good place, I just wish it wasn't so difficult to get your food.Oh guys can I please teleport you home to Dallas! I had the best shrimp poboy ever at this joint! Amazing! My mouths still waters just thinking about it now. Shrimp was perfectly seasoned, lightly breaded and amazing! Bread was so tasty that I just could stop eating it! My hubby got the large sausage poboy and gobbled up the whole thing! So good! So fresh! Run to Guys for the best poboys in New Orleans! Can't wait to go back!Walked in at 12:45pm and the line was to the door and every seat was filled. Love the simple menu and went with the small fried shrimp po boy dressed. We waited about 15 minutes to get our food and by that time we were able to grab a seat. The small was HUGE and well worth the price, there was no way I could finish it. The shrimp was fresh and lightly crisp, the bread was soft and flavorful, and the toppings were perfect. If I lived in New Orleans I would definitely be a regular. And to top it all off, the staff was super friendly!This place had unbelievable po boy sandwiches.  Just make sure you aren't too stuck up about cleanliness and health codes.  The open kitchen is a gross disaster but you cant beat the sandwiches that comes out of it.Outstanding food!!!! A hole in the wall that is definitely worth the visit. Not much room for eating in but it's a must visit!!I'm not qualified yet to say this is the best po'boy in town, but it is damn good.Being a native Neworleanian who was raised on the Westbank I must admit that when it came to eating a roast beef po-boy (small disclaimer here is that it's the only type I enjoy) I would venture on over to either Di Martino's or when they were still in abundance Danny & Clyde's. Well let me just say I was absolutely missing out on the BEST roast beef po-boy hands down in the area at Guy's! 
In recent years I have tried roast beef po-boys at Parkway Bakery & Tavern, Parasol's, Tracey's and Domilise's and absolutely none of them come close to the ones that are served up at Guy's. In my opinion what sets Guy's apart from all others in and around New Orleans is the amount of roast beef that they put on the po-boy itself (it's a ton) and the gravy which is absolutely delicious and ladled on in just the right amount so that you get that perfect amount of sloppiness that you look for in a roast beef po-boy. Top it off with some swiss cheese, tomato and some mayo and you are ready to enjoy. Oh and don't forget to add a side of fries topped with cheddar and some more of that delicious gravy for the complete Guy's experience. 
The only reason I don't give Guy's a five star rating is that they are a cash only shop which while I respect it's a little annoying when you consider we are living in the 21st century now and it's more convenient in my opinion to just carry debit or credit. With that being said though the prices of all their po-boys not just their roast beef are very cheap and affordable for all who venture in to try. So remember if you are looking to try one of these delicious roast beef po-boys or any of their other selections stop at your nearest ATM first.The Leidenheimer morning-fresh French bread is dressed and piled high with Gulf seafood put to work the moment you order. 
Definition basic the interior is cramped with checkered tables and no frills, blue collar workers, UPS drivers, Uptown moms from the Tennis Club, Loyola girls planning tonight's party and hopefully that person you wanted to bring with you.
You'll know it by the corner sign outside hanging off-center, a white peeling-paint exterior and the whole small building seems to be leaning, even sinking.
An ice cold Barq's in a glass bottle from the cooler and a splash of Crystal from your table are part of the experience. Bring them together and along with your friend you'll realize you've uncovered New Orleans.One-star review for posting that Guy's is closed is unfair.  Owner Marvin is in there every day and makes every sandwich.  Unfortunately a drunk driver ran a stop sign and hit a truck which landed inside the restaurant.  So yes, it's "closed for renovation" -- I suppose you could call it that.  And by the way, the po-boys are awesome!  My daughter's favorite is the alligator sausage.We stopped by last week after having been in New Orleans several times without trying Guy's.  Honestly, the po boys were very underwhelming.  The bread was kind of hard and my grilled shrimp and catfish were so salty the sandwich was pretty much inedible.  My boyfriend got a roast beef po boy, which was better, but we had just had a roast beef po boy the day before that was actual fork-tender roasted beef, as opposed to sliced boar's head, and it just paled in comparison.  Overall, the sandwiches were okay, but we have definitely had better po boys in NOLA.This is a neighbourhood joint. This is a popular neighborhood joint - it was packed when we walked in. There is not much fuss here, you walk up to the counter order, pay cash, get a sandwich and eat. 
The food is inexpensive, unhealthy, filling and delicious. I had the shrimp and catfish po-boi with cheese and that was enough to keep me going from breakfast to dinner. The wife had only the catfish and no-cheese and was stuffed as well.
Overall, I don't think po-bois are my thing. However, for the experience, the taste, the price this restaurant cannot be beaten. Kudos.Surprisingly, there a lot of good reviews about this place. I even saw one guy say he was looking for the best roast beef in the city and thought Guy's was up there. I don't know what he was smoking. Parkway, Tracey's, Mahoney's... anywhere but this place.  Granted I've only eaten there once, but that was the least work I've seen put into a roast beef poboy in a long time. PEOPLE, if the restaurant is selling deli meat cooked down in gravy, IT IS NOT A REAL ROAST BEEF! I haven't tried anything else but my buddy got some kind of pork poboy and wasn't too impressed either (it looked pretty bad, so I didn't try it). To add to the disgrace, we waited almost an hour for our poboys.Went here over the weekend for a day date. We ordered an 11" fried shrimp po'boy and cup of gumbo to share. The shrimp was abundant, the breading was seasoned well, had good crunch and the bread was fresh. The gumbo lacked salt, but I was here for the po'boy anyhow. Small place quickly turned and burned all afternoon and I was simply amazed by the woman working the counter because she had the most pleasant demeanor. Smiles all day! Had a laugh with the other guests in the dining room that afternoon as they had ESPN on the TV and apparently there is such a thing as professional cornhole! All in all, a great local business and definitely one you should patronize.Best roast beef Poboy you can find. I've debated on if parkway or guys had the best for some time now. Guys for the win. Parkway a close second. The shrimp and surf and turf are delicious too.Ro'Trip Po'Boys. A New Orleans staple. My plan was to stop at Domilise on the way out of town. Unfortunately, it was Sugar Bowl weekend, and all the college football acolytes must've gotten wind of this Manning favorite. The line was out the door and around the corner.
A quick perusal of Yelp led me to nearby Guy's, with ratings just as good but without the pub to match. Unlike Domilise, Guy's is cash only. I scrounged around in my pockets and was lucky enough to find enough juice to pay for the squeeze.
The menu is very straight-forward at Guy's, and I ordered three staples for the caravans: fried shrimp, fried catfish, and roast beef, fully dressed. At Guy's, fully dressed comes with a smattering of hot sauce (I typically douse my po'boys in the good stuff, but if you're anti-spicy, take note).
The roast beef was fine. It's not as good as that heavenly debris from Mother's, though Guy's heaps a nice amount of jus on the sandwich that makes it near impossible to eat in a car without mess abounding. I didn't get a bite of the catfish, but the shrimp was very good. Tasty batter and a helpful heaping of shrimp.
A large is the size of your forearm, perfect for quartering and sharing. All sandwiches are made to order. A few locals, presumably, picked up immediately by calling in, which sounds like a good bet. My wait was about 15 minutes, with no line prior to ordering.Before coming to NO, I tried to find a few less touristy places to try some local food.  We found out about Guy's on Yelp and got just what I'd been looking for.  
The positives:  Awesome Po Boys, friendly staff, reasonable prices.  I had grilled shrimp and my wife had the fried shrimp.  Both were stellar:  dressed nicely with very fresh, untoasted roll.    
The negatives:  Cash only, no restrooms for customers, quite a ride from the French Quarter area where we were staying.
They don't have an oyster po boy on the menu, which was a bit of a surprise but we were each very happy with what we had.  If I have a car next time, I'll make a point to go back.  Without a rental car, having been once, I'd probably not take a special cab ride out here at $12+ each way.Guy's rocks.  Get on Magazine Street from the Garden District and keep walking...and walking...and walking.  It is worth it.  Better yet, hop in the car.
This is the best damn Po Boy ever.  Chewy french loaf with a light slather of mayo or remoulade, shredded lettuce, tomato, and the magic filling of your choice: shrimp, catfish, ham, roast beef, or turkey.  Dash some hot sauce on there and you've got a little piece of deep-fried heaven.
This is a local's place.  Well worth the trip away from the bustling French Quarter.Shrimp and Catfish Po-Boy. Best sabdwich I've had in my life. Wash down  with a Barqs. The Bomb is awesome and my wife had a Shrimp Po-Boy dressed. Great local atmosphere. Guy is there making the sandwiched and talking to customers. This place is a must for lunch."The last place we ate at before we left NOLA, the first place we are going to when we get back"
 Reviewed August 19, 2011 NEW We had tried a few PoBoys in NO, and had a great list of recommendations. Yet the bellman "King" at the Hilton Garden FQ, and a few other locals insisted we try Guy's. It was our last day before heading to Lake Charles, so we went there for take out PoBoys for the long trip. OMG...... That place was the bomb, and so was my sandwich named.. Being from Philly I know a good sandwich, and this was the most tasty sandwich that EVER went in my mouth. The Bomb was GREAT..... My wife also had a great PoBoy with roasted turkey, spinach, Swiss cheese, and dressed. I even tried a piece of Alligator sausage, which was also really good. First stop on the next trip to NOLA.Great bargain. I had their beef po-boy--the meat the juicy and the bread very moist from the gravy. And the price is so cheap that it's literally a steal.Delicious! You know it's all about the bread ppl. I don't know why but the bread at Guys holds up better than others that serve leidenheirmer french bread...
Cash only but they have an ATM inside! Wonderful staff, limited seating!Best poboys in New Orleans! Great service, food, and the people that work there are always friendly.  Exactly what you want in a poboy shop.Every time I've had guys I've never been disappointed . The  shrimp and hot sausage poboys are very good and they were generous with the shrimp. You will need tons and tons of napkins because their sandwiches are definitely overstuffed. This place is a must try!!Just had "The Bomb" and it was awesome! Just visiting New Orleans for a few days and have been getting out to try the local gems. This is definitely up there. My sandwich was as good as it was unique. I haven't had catfish and shrimp together on a sandwich before. Both tasted very fresh and the sauce was perfect. Will definitely be back on future visits.Excellent food! Super friendly staff! It's one of those places where they seem to remember everyone... Get the shrimp po' boy, it's the best in the city. My only complaint: They close at 4pm!Overpriced poboys...I  had a roast beef poboy and although it was large, it lacked that dressed roast beef poboy flava that keeps you coming back. It's also just a cash only business, but conveniently there is an atm that bangs you 2 fitty to help a brother out. So I ordered a large sandwich, fries and a drink. 19.00 bucks plus atm charge...sorry Guy, I cants afford you! Too many way better poboy shops on Magazine.Four stars for one amazingly delicious po-boy--freshly grilled shrimp served fully dressed (shredded lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo) on sliced French bread.  Bite-sized shrimp were grilled in butter, worcestershire and Cajun seasoning then layered onto the bread with the toppings.  The whole thing was wrapped up in plain newsprint and brought to my table to unroll and savor.  Juicy and delicious!  Extra points to this little shop for having one of those Coke bottle-shaped bins for recycling.So glad this place is still in business.  Had a friend in town who wanted a "po boy" and this was my go to back in the late 90's before I realized fried shrimp po boys were not one the main food groups and turned to a more healthier (somewhat) lifestyle.  In any event, I compromised with myself and got the "bomb" which was a grilled shrimp/catfish combo poboy with just lettuce and swiss cheese (hot and melted).  Wow!  My taste buds screamed a resounding "hallelujah!!!"  This place has still got it.  I saw others getting fried shrimp, alligator, and catfish.  I highly recommend this place as a local, a tourist, or a general po boy aficionado.Based on its rave reviews and cheap price, we decided to try this place. But every time we went it's closed. Finally we decided to join the lunch rush hour. Man, I have never see a busier restaurant. You go to the counter, order your food (make sure you check out both the while and blackboards, I totally missed their daily specials because I was only looking at their regular menu), find a table, wait for your name to be called, and enjoy! I recommend the fried shrimp po'boy. It's not overly greasy, actually has a lot of flavor. One thing I would say though is that the portion is HUGE!! order the smaller size, and you will be full and have leftovers.Excellent poboys and very busy. Expect a wait. Cramped inside with no outside eating which is a pity. Most people took their food away. But back to the food: I had the hot sausage poboy which was delicious and nicely spicy. The others also had various poboys which got good grades.  The bread was tasty. It's not the cheapest but it is excellent quality.Awesome spot for po-boys. A nice little cash only joint that cooks up delicious po-boys. Living less than half a block from here I will definitely be making my way there more than I should.Best Po Boy in town. In house roast beef, perfect bread and fast, friendly service. Thank you Guys! :)Go here! 
Po boy perfection, plain and simple. We shared both a grilled chicken and an alligator andouille sandwiches plus I had the grilled shrimp. The perfect way to end a morning walk along Magazine St from the zoo! The sandwiches were absolutely delicious. The bread was moist, the meat was juicy and tender plus the sauces were excellent. 
These are the po boys food writers set as the standard to beat. The place is also very busy, so the ingredients are always fresh.This place is good for your average po'boy. My friend and I shared the big shrimp po'boy with fries and it was more than enough. The shrimp were well seasoned and abundant however the bread was a little tough for me. It wasn't anything special and i'd only go back if I were in a pinch and craving a po'boy.The fried shrimp po boy (dressed, of course) was a messy delight. The 11 incher is more than enough to split. These guys make some slammin po boysSuch an authentic NOLA experience. These guys gave me my first taste of alligator sausage ever, and I returned back twice during our week to get more. They are so friendly, such great service, and every po boy was DELICIOUS.This was my first time eating at Guy's and we order out. No complaints here at all. I had the catfish po'boy and my husband had the shrimp. Nothing exciting about it but it was good. I would like to try the combo they have with fish and shrimp and cheese they looked great. So I would go back again. 
We also order very close to closing time and they were super nice. Very friendly!!Guy's has indeed reopened. The shrimp po-boy will still rock your world.Just wanted to let y'all know that Guy's has reopened. Plus they've added hot pastrami to the menu ...Agree with Anne R. So unfair to negatively review Guy's based on temporary closure beyond their control. Do a little research, fgs! This is such a great spot. All the employees are wonderful. The owner is so kind - always chats folks at the register up from the back while overseeing the kitchen/assembling sandwiches. The poboys are stellar! Favorites include the fried shrimp, and the alligator sausage. Such a terrible time for this to happen in terms of their missing out on additional business from carnival tourists. Apparently they survived a 6 month closure due to a fire back in 2007; hope they persevere this time.MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE POBOY IN THE ENTIRE CITY! These poboys are LOADED with whatever you want on them! It's a super small place but such a great experience because the staff is very friendly and the food is delicious!!! Shrimp poboy & a barqs....can't get any better than that!Made a lucky offhand choice to try Guys   Man it's good!!  We got the shrimp and also the roast beef poboys.  Hugely generous portions.  Awesome good.   Also got the Friday lunch special of shrimp and catfish. Too much food.  Best tasting jambalaya!
  This is where the locals line up for lunch.  One mile from the zoo on Magazine st which is most interesting in itself!
  Intend to return somedayThe bomb. Simple, good ingredients. Awesome bread. The guys are super nice--tip them out, people! We eat here every time we're in town. Full of locals who know their po'boys. Definitely spring the extra buck for the grilled shrimp. Cash only. It can feel a bit pricey, but you gotta believe it's worth it.This place is ass. Their poboys are terrible, and they almost forgot my fries (Which was the only thing that was halfway decent). Never eating here again. I promise!Simply the best po boy place in the city; fried chicken with Swiss and grilled onions is my personal favorite. Cash only, there is an ATM. Also, try the "Bomb," you don't need to know what's in it.... Just try it.Shrimp poboy is crazy good. It's the best I've ever had!The best poboys in new orleans.
I've been in there on more than one occaission when somebody had just finished a big poboy and siad, "that was so good I could eat another one".Standard PoBoy. Line moves fast. I got the shrimp with dressing but felt I needed to drown it in sauce, It was a little dry. Overall tasty and friendly place.I am so glad that I found out about this place. I loved that it was a local place that was shared with the tourist. For my first PO BOY, it was yummy and taste. I had the grilled chicken with cheese and honey mustard. My friend had roast beef, for a non-eat meatier, she chowed that down with a smile. 
Cant wait till my next trip to NOLAGuy's exists to serve one purpose: providing average seafood and roast beef po boys when Domilise's is closed or too busy.  It's fine- not bad; not great.  I don't think a Dom's shrimp or oyster po boy can be beaten, but this is an adequate replacement if you're in a pinch.  
It is small and there is often a 5-10 minute wait, but both are typical of a classic New Orleans po boy shop.  
Definitely worth a try, but not the best in the city.The poboy "The Bomb" is the Bomb!!!!  For you younger people- it is one of the Greatest poboy you will ever have!  The soups are wonderful also.Pretty good little corner shop for a po' boy "off the beaten path" as tourists might say. My friend discovered this place a few years ago on his own and he's been telling me ever since about the phenomenal roast beef po' boy he had here. Best he's ever eaten! On successive visits to NOLA since, we've attempted to find it but he could not remember the name or location of the place.
On this trip, we found it! After taking the St. Charles trolley in the oppressive heat/humidity of June New Orleans, we mistakenly approached The Grocery and realized it wasn't the right place. So we boarded another trolley while he searched the phone and wound up finding it! He's like "This is it! This is the one!" And it was Guy's. Further, we hadn't passed the place to get off the trolley--it was just coming up!
We jumped off and then faced about an 8-10 block walk. It wasn't too bad, but for folks who aren't good walkers, they're gonna be pissed. Plus this was June in New Orleans, so you think we were dripping/drenched with sweat when we finally arrived? Oh yeah, yeah we were.
Order at the counter--looks like locals are here. I got the "small" which wound up being about 10-11 inches long! Good lord my friend got the large, which was pretty much 2 of mine. He finished that sucker, too.
It was a good, sloppy roast beef po' boy. For whatever reason, it did not knock my socks off like it did my friend. They ain't no burr (beer) here, so after that long hot walk all I could slake my thirst with was a root beer.  :(
Ha! We got cheese fries too and they were literally an order of fries with some grated cheese dumped on top. Not melted really, except from the heat of the fries.While visiting New Orleans, having a great po-boy was on our foodie wish list. We scored at Guy's with a fried shrimp (dressed) and roast beef (dressed). We arrived at 11am right when they opened on the day after Thanksgiving.
The shrimp po-boy was like a magazine picture when I unwrapped it - just perfect in presentation. The flavor fully-dressed was well integrated, can't imagine not getting it dressed. The shrimp were fresh, breading light and crisp and veggies fresh. Better fried shrimp than you will get in the Quarter for much more money.
Same level of quality was found in the roast beef po-boy. The roast beef was home made, sliced and laid perfectly, and dressed up generously, nice and sloppy. The gravy was good in flavor, but could be better, it tasted a bit floury.
There's minimal seating, like any street shop should be, that's part of the beauty. A family from Memphis came in with us at 11am, saying when they come to NOLA, they come to Guy's, "best in New Orleans" they said. a couple other solo customers came in and enjoyed po-boys alone, too. And as noted here, kudos to Guy's for having recycling for the drink containers.
Guy's did not disappoint. The Shrimp kicked major butt, the roast beef was great but its dressing was only good and detracted from the flavor of the wonderful beef. I'll be back for the shrimp po-boy, no doubt!Yum - catfish P.O. boy dressed is the real deal, as are the fries. Nice and clean space since it was renovated.Giving five stars for the Po boy  it was amazing! Fresh, hot and soft bread
the people in the kitchen were friendly. 
The only thing I didn't like was the cash only policy. Will be back for the Po Boys and to try the weekly specials! Wish they stayed open later than fourWarning, this is a cash only place.  Great Poboys.  I got a fried shrimp po boy and a gumbo and it was amazing. Better than the po boys I had in the French Quarterso far best po'boy i've had since living in nola. owner was a super nice guy, talkative amicable and funny... he also gave me some leftover gumbo as they were closing soon. this lil place is worth the mini trek from the st charles street car. be warned: the portions are huge and damn I was thankful for it!I ordered a "small" shrimp Po-Boy and boy howdy they served me a whopper! Fried shrimp was falling out left and right which is kinda what you want. A great sandwich from a great Po-Boy shop.Man, I want a grilled shrimp sammich now.  Yes, there is a wait.  The owner is a bit of a perfectionist and makes most of the sandwiches himself and it's not the most organized place in the world.  But it does have some tasty poboys.my favorite po boy place! The shrimp po boy is just not to be missed. It's small and the lines can get long, but it's worth it! I don't eat roast beef, but my husband always gets  that one and says it's the best he's ever had. Very generous size too.Possibly the very best po'boy I have had in New Orleans. We went for a very late lunch the first time and it was just us and a couple guys in the kitchen including Marvin the owner himself. He took our order then walked back to the kitchen and we could see him start frying. Both our po'boys were insanely delicious, and even the fries were some of the best I've had. The owner was very friendly, and chatted with us as he was cooking. It's a very small restaurant and typically the lunch lines are fairly long, but it's absolutely worth it. Everyone claims that Parkway's shrimp po'boy is the best, but Guy's certainly gives it a run for the money and may even be the best there is.This is where I introduced my mom to po' boys in all their mighty crusted delicioutude...
I brought her and my stepdad here when they visited from Washington state during Carnival. It was a tough decision, deciding just what would be their first ever po' boy experience, but I'm a huge fan of Guy's grilled shrimp po' boys and felt my mom would love them too, more so than something fried or involving roast beef or ham or whatever because she loves fresh seafood.
So that was the plan, but a pleasant surprise greeted us however, in their special for the day which was called simply "The Bomb". This was a po' boy made not only with grilled shrimp, but also with catfish, and covered in melted swiss and cheddar. 
Eat this motherloving sandwich! Eat the motherloving hell out of it!
I know what you're going to ask.
Scott, did you love your special sandwich enough to introduce to your parents? 
Yes. Yes I did. And they welcomed the special sandwich with open hearts and expect nothing less than future special grandsandwiches.
Final verdict from my mom...
Scott's Mom: "It's about time you settled down with a nice sandwich. You're not getting any younger you know."Came to Guy's on a Saturday after marching in a parade with 3 hungry kids. Pulled cash from the provided ATM (credit cards not accepted), but the bill exceeded the withdrawal by more than a few pennies. Mr Marvin and Ms Lela were accepting and understanding of additional ATM fees. Not only is the food worth the drive and wait, the service makes you return again and again.  3 hungry kids thank you Ms Lela.I had a grilled chicken po boy with just mayo and lettuce. I had enough mayo on the sandwich I think for everyone in the entire restaurant. The po boy was good but not the best I have ever had. Gets busy at lunch but staff was still very nice and didn't get flustered.I loved my shrimp po-boy!!  Get one dressed, add crystal hot sauce, drink with a GLASS bottle of barq's rootbeer and you're set.Great grilled shrimp Po' Boy!  Getting it "dressed" is a must. Cash only. Atmosphere is clean and comfortable, but basic. A place to get a good sandwich, not for hanging out.I had the roast beef, dressed, with french fries and soda. The total was $11. It was all served really hot. The roast beef was juicy which made the bread a little too soggy. The bread was not as crunchy as i had hoped. It fell apart as soon as I picked it up.
This is a cash only place. I came here over the summer, so the air-conditioning a little weak. Also because the kitchen is right there. It was nice that you can see the kitchen. It's had quite a few years in it, but is really clean.
The seating area is small and packed. but people come in and out fast enough that you can get a seat quickly enough.This was my first time in the shop and it was small and cozy. The poboy was a treat from a guy trying to rent my an art studio. So I just went with a shrimp that we split before viewing the studio. I usually order with pickles, lettuce and mayo. This poboy had ketchup on it and I had to eat it. It was lunch that I didn't pay for. Not sure if ketchup was custom to Guy's style or not but I enjoyed it anyway. The shrimp were medium to large size and seasoned well. Not greasy and had a fresh taste. I know fresh shrimp from spending summers on a shrimp boat and cooking them right from the water. I'd definitely visit again.  I had with a Barq's Root Beer and called it a good day!!The wait took forever and it was worth every hung-over second. The shrimp po boy changed my life. My friend informed me we didn't get the "specialty" fries for some reason - but now I have a reason to go back. The guy who works there is easy on the eyes as well.About as perfect a po'boy as one can make. The fried shrimp po boy was as good as (if not better than) Parkway and the grilled shrimp po'boy was simply off the charts. I think this has moved to the top of my very short list of favorite po'boy joints. Plus, the folks there are just nice as hellMan. I just ordered a roast beef poboy to go and I'm about to go pick that sucker up and go to TOWN.
I live close by so this is always a good pick for me. My only complaint last time was that I felt like it took forever but honestly it's probably because I was starving and in the time vortex that such an appetite tends to induce.
DELICIOUS.When the food prep area is larger than the dining area...that to me is a good sign.  The staff was very friendly looking and nice.  Even the bus driver on the bus recommended this place.  Definitely get your Po Boy with all the extras (lettuce etc...).  I had originally ordered it plain (hot sausage po boy) and explained that this was my first...the cashier dude explained that I should get it with everything...and he was right.  I can imagine how empty and disappointing the sandwich would of been if I didn't get it that way.  I finished a large with no problem (yes I'm an Eater!).  It was well worth the trip!  Thanks guys!Best Po Boys in Louisiana! 
I'm from Kansas and I can truly say that I will make an effort every time I visit NOLA to come get a Po Boy from Guy's. I got a regular Shrimp Po Boy and couldn't even finish the whole thing! The sandwiches are huge and the quality of shrimp and bread in unbelievable. Highly recommend you stop and try this place.Great, authentic, nothing special. Very happy with the food,but the space is small...not a bad joint, though. I would definitely go back next time I'm in NOLADon't go during the rush... bring cash!
Great po' boy and they even have a cheese option (I'm guessing for vegetarians) Got the shrimp po' boy and totally worth the bus ride. I don't remember exactly when we got there, but were in and out in 15 min. Take it to go and head over to Audubon Park if it's a nice day.My wife and I have been coming to New Orleans together for about 4 years together now and as is tradition I bring her to a poboy shop she hasn't been to.  Well each and every time, she compares it to guys.  I love them all but guys has become the standard.  If you are looking for a poboy go here and get a 1/2 grilled 1/2 fried...oh! And don't forget the crystal hot sauce.This was the best roast beef po boy I've ever had! I ordered the small one and it was still a huge sandwich! Definitely a bang for your buck. The staff was very nice, and service and fast and efficient. The location was perfect and the inside of the restaurant was very casual, clean and comfortable. My boyfriend ordered the Friday special, consisting of fried catfish and shrimp(the breading was perfection!), jambalaya(seasoned very well), and potato salad, which was very good. We will definitely be coming back!Guy is the MAN!!!! and u got meet troy he is your guy I like that placeGreat food! Great service! A little pricy, but worth it. It was my first time here. I got the Tuesday Special to go which was grilled pork chops (there's an option to get breaded pork chops), creamy mashed potatoes and gravy, peas, salad, and French bread. I plan to go back and try a po' boy.