Absolutely delicious. Perfect service with Nick. The lobster dumplings and the bbq shrimp are two of my favorite appetizers of my life. I ordered the parmesan crusted tripletail. To die for!! Such a great experience!There was no complaint at all about this place. Everything from the food to the wait staff was amazing. For the appetizers we ordered the tuna tartare. The tuna was so fresh and tasty. For the main courses we ordered the redfish and the center cut filet. The fish and came with a pineapple basil glaze, some sweet potato hash and crispy plantains. The center cut filet was cooked perfectly. The filet came with a mushroom risotto that was delicious. I asked to substitute the potatos it originally came with for something else and our waiter recommended the risotto. GREAT CHOICE. The service was great. Everyone was friendly and we are glad we came to dine here.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in a long time!  
I ordered the Scalabut which is a lovely halibut filet topped with sliced scallops.  Came with a crab claw and a tasty lobster risotto.
Service was superb and their mouthwatering biscuits were to die for!  Plus they were selling the biscuit mix as a fundraiser for Hurricane Harvey restoration efforts.  Needless to say I bought get a bag.
If you ever get to NOLA, go to GW Fin's!!!!Came here with my wife for our one year anniversary and it was the best meal of our lives. My wife got the scalibut and I got the sheepshead entree and both dishes were amazing.  The service was super friendly and attentive and we couldn't have asked for me. We got a customized menu and on the house dessert for our anniversary. By far the best meal we had in New Orleans!!!!GW Fins received the "Top 20 best new restaurants in America" award from Esquire Magazine.  E'nuff said.  But since I"m yelping, I'll tell you more:
The Seafood Gumbo is a must try (5 Stars!).  If you are a sweet potato fanatic like me, you must try their  Mashed Sweet Potatoes seasoned  with bananas, bourbon and vanilla (4 Stars!). Unlike anything I've ever tried and equally delicious.  The Horseradish Crusted Drum was another treat for the palate (4 Stars). Yummy!  The White Chocolate & Caramel Bread Pudding came in last--literally & in taste (3 Stars). 
The ambiance is similar to what you'll find at fine dinning restaurants ( white cloth tables,  waiters suited in black & white, dim lighting, snobby hostess) without having to dress up to the nines.  Business casual attire and jeans w/ nice dress shoes are acceptable.We had a fantastic meal at GW Fins recently.  We loved the atmosphere, the food and the service.  We really enjoyed the local soft shell crab appetizer.   The two fish dishes we had as a main course were also superlative.   The service could not have been better.  As a example, my partner spilled his water and I have never see such a quick and helpful response from the nearby servers. I will definitely go there again next time I am in town.For the pricepoint, this is my personal favorite restuarant in the quarter compared to Palace, Bourbon House, Mr. B's, etc. The swordfish steaks are phenominal and the bread pudding is some of the best I've had. 
Highly recommend!I went here a few days ago with my dad, brother, and sister-in-law. This review might be a little long, only because so much of the experience was bad. If you don't want to read the whole thing, here's a summary: Food and service sucked. Will never eat here again. Sticking to Dragos from now on. Ok, here's the details:
First they bring you these biscuits. My dad had been raving about them from the last time he ate there, but we were all disappointed. They were dry and bland.
For dinner, we ordered 3 lobster feasts so that we could try all 6 of the different appetizers. The lobster bisque and risotto were great. The buffalo lobster was ok. The lobster roll was basically cold lobster mixed with mayo and the bread had an unpleasant texture that's difficult to describe. The lobster salad dressing tasted like straight mayo was so gross that I couldn't eat it. The lobster dumplings that everyone raves about were the worst. They tasted like a mushy wet mouthful of uncooked flour. Uncooked flour!
Then the lobsters came. Rubbery, tough, and stuck to the shell. I've had better lobster at Jagers. 
My sister-in-law ordered some blackened fish, and said it was great. It came with a chipotle butter, otherwise known as unsalted butter mixed with chili powder. Gross. 
For dessert we had chocolate mousse and creme brulee. They were both amazing. In fact, I would recommend trying this place just for the desserts, but they managed to ruin that too by waiting until we'd eaten half the dessert before finally bringing out our cappuccinos.  
We had 4 cappuccinos. 2 cups came full of coffee with foam on top. My brothers came full with no foam, and mine came half full. That's right. They gave everyone at the table a full cup of coffee except for me.
That covers the food. Now for the service: Terrible. We waited a good 20 minutes before anyone took our order. We never got the butter we asked for. When we told the waiter that we were ready to order desserts, he said that he would be back after bringing our empty plates to the back. He didn't come back for another 20 minutes. Most of the time, nobody was around when we needed stuff, and when they were around, they simply ignored us.
I can't say for sure that we were treated poorly because we were a family and not a group of businessmen, but it sure felt that way. So that's it. One star, because I can't give ZERO.This was a fantastic experience food wise. Went with friends each of us order different plates and shared. Didn't taste anything that I didn't like. I suggest you get a reservation before you decide to go to New Orleans.We dined here this past week and highly enjoyed the food and environment. The restaurant has a cozy but classy feel, like you are enjoying a fine dining experience. The biscuits they bring out to start were very good. We had the lobster potstickers, (which I liked but found them to be somewhat plain), scalibut, chicken, risotto and the White chocolate bread pudding. Our meals were excellent and the dessert was amazing! It had chocolate chips and nuts and was very moist. I would love to be able to replicate that dish. Unfortunately, I was so full I only had a few bites. The risotto was decadent, very rich but delicious.
Service was also very good. Only negative was I was not crazy about our server. We did not order any alcohol initially, which seemed to put him off and his interaction with us was a little cold. Just something I felt but will not keep us from returning. I highly recommend it.The food is melt in your mouth and the waitstaff is very attentive and engaged with clients. Reservations were made and was very organized in the seating process. I will def be back ... yum yum yum!Came here after reviewing other Yelp suggestions, couldn't have made a better choice. Beautiful romantic atmosphere, attentive and knowledgeable staff explaining every part of menu. Started off with roasted oysters as a appetizer then had Scalibut which was a excellent choice g/f had the Blackened Red Fish with roasted Brussel sprouts as a side dish, highly recommended for anyone visiting NOLAHad a phenomenal experience here. Our waitress (from Boston) was absolutely wonderful -- attentive, kind, down-to-earth, helpful. Recommended: blackened swordfish, grilled shrimp, scallops, and the (home-made) apple pie. We paired it with a lovely light pinot noir from Sonoma. The bread was incredible and the price was adequate for fine dining standards in New Orleans (about $150 for two, pre-tip). The venue itself is spacious but has an intimate feel, and we were fortunate enough to be seated at one of the booths that overlooks the hall. Dress code is anything from business casual to dressy.
My one and only complaint: The hostess who greeted us was snooty and condescending. Awful first impression, which was only (thankfully) remedied by the lovely waitress. Completely unnecessary attitude. Also, the tartare with sashimi was sub-par -- I definitely do not recommend it, though the presentation was lovely. 
Overall, however, it was a fantastic experience -- and a dining must in New Orleans!This place was pretty good. The fish was fresh and the service was decent. The mashed sweet potatoes with bananas, and brown sugar were amazing. 
I was with a party of four and everyone enjoyed their dinner!After hearing rave reviews of GW Fins, I thought it would be a good place to take family members visiting from out of town. This did not turn out to be the case. Our waiter brought the wrong appetizers and wrong entrees to our table. The food was mediocre at best, especially for the price. Good wine list, though. Next time I'll head to Clancy's or Commander's when I want a great meal.I liked this place!  The service was very good - friendly and helpful, but not stuffy.  The food was very good, but not the best that I've had.
I really enjoyed the chargrilled oysters and the blackened swordfish.  The spaghetti squash was sweet but undercooked.
It was my birthday, and they decorated the table, gave me a personalized menu with the date on it and gave me a dessert on the house.
I was happy with this place overall and would return when I'm in the area.Went down to GW Fins with a large group of 10 or so.  The service was top notch for a group that size. It was pretty incredible. The wine kept flowing, and it felt like we didn't miss a beat. The food was great as well.  I particularly enjoyed the soft shell crab appetizer. The biscuits they bring out are also amazing.  For the entrée, I ordered the sautéed grouper with etouffee. It was one of the best pieces of fish I've ever eaten. I tasted someone's scalibut, the GW Fins original, and you can't go wrong with that either. Two thumbs up. Thank you for a great dinner.Excellent food. 
Had the daily fish along with the beet salad. 
Loved walking to GW right from the Hotel ! 
Ended the night with dessert and cappuccino !  
Sat at the bar because waiting for table was 40mins. The bartender was charming and took great care if us.We went to GW Fins while on a Bachelorette party in New Orleans, we made a reservation a couple weeks in advance because we had 8 people. They asked what the occasion was and asked the Brides name, we were a little late arriving because of uber issues however, they were very friendly and not upset at all at the fact we were about 10 mins late (I did call ahead to let them know we would be delayed). We sat down and our waiter Juan, asked which one I was and shook my hand (because I made the reservation) and the brides hand he knew our first names with out even asking. We thought that was an awesome touch and made it very special for us. Then gave the bride a personalized menu saying "congratulations Amanda" for her to take as a keepsake. They also decorated the table for us. The service was absolutely amazing, down to filling water glasses. The food was even more amazing from the lobster dumplings, and BBQ Shrimp and Grits appetizer to the chocolate dessert. The entrees were all amazing not one complaint ! Highly recommended ! And see Juan if he is available he recommended places for us to grab drinks after and made our experience there very special!I coordinated a group of 14 people for a team dinner. This restaurant is amazing. It is in the French Quarters and they were phenomenal; from service to food to atmosphere. Can't say enough great things about them. They not only allowed us to bring in a cake from a local bakery but they presented it, cut it, and served it too! In addition we celebrated (last minute) the retirement of one of our regionals, and they made some special arrangements for him too! So fantastic...highly recommend!!Just a few steps away from the chaos of Bourbon Street......this is was a very nice dinner all around for our final night in New Orleans. Yes, it is a little pricy but worth it.  Entrees included the scallops and drum wtih crab meat, both excellent. Bread pudding for dessert.....divine.....our top pick for our stay in NO.  Service was spot on and all the staff was gracious and attentive.I read lots of reviews before choosing this restaurant to celebrate a birthday. While the service was great, the food was below my expectation. Maybe my expectations were high because I was reading that it would be the best seafood in the world, but we ate better other restaurants (Acme Oyster House-chargrilled oysters and Commander's Palace).
I recommend the Scalibut and the Salty Malty. They are the best things on the menu!Absolutely fantastic dining experience. Aaron took care of us and did a wonderful job waiting our table. He was attentive, knowledgable, and polite. Explained the menu very well to us first-timers and offered a few wine pairings to compliment the entrees we were considering. Speaking of which, the seared yellowfin was delicious. Fish was great (obviously) but what really did it for me was the soy glaze they used. I also really enjoyed their freshly baked biscuits and heartily recommend ordering the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie for dessert. One of the best desserts I have ever had. Not even kidding.Second time to have dinner there and the food was just as expected- perfection. My husband told them, when making the reservation on the phone, that we would celebrate our anniversary and they had printed a special menu with anniversary wishes for us, together with a rose on the table. I thought it was adorable!The service was outstanding and the food very good. Some of the dishes I'd had slightly better at other places, but all very good. The best thing about this place is the staff and the service. The people here treat you rightReally wonderful restaurant.  Superb service by Phillip, and fantastic food and presentation.  Considering where you are and what you're getting (good portions of fresh, well-prepared seafood w/a great selection), the prices are very reasonable.  I wish we had found this sooner in our trip.  Definitely make a reservation, though!Loved this restaurant! Marlon  was our server and he was very attentive and knowledgeable abt the menu!  Food was all delicious! Fresh seafood and tender steaks! We would definitely eat here again.  In the middlle  of the quarter but away from the craziness!  Drinks and wine list were top notch!Traveled to New Orleans a few months back with my family in search of good food and experiences and we found that right here at GW Fins! The restaurant was hands down one of our favorites in the area and we returned twice during our five day stay (which says a lot because we enjoy trying out as much different food as possible). My personal recommendations are the lobster dumplings and the tempura wings. So good and so unique!This place was fantastic!!  Over the top.  The service, the drinks, the dinner were all fabulous.  The restaurant had the Nola charm with the excellent service only found in Las Vegas, Chicago
Or New York!!   Highly recommend for any first time visitor from the north.  The house special fish, can't remember name, was as sweet as main lobster!!!  Get a reservation well in advance as they fill up quickly.There were five of us.  Service was amazing.  Appetizers and entrees were excellent.  GW Fins will be remembered as one of our best meals ever.For such a touted restaurant, I was expecting some great food. I visited with my girlfriend for Coolinary NOLA and was incredibly disappointed. I should start by saying the seafood was fresh and the waiter great, but the food overall was uninspiring and dull. It all came across very plain and out of the 4 seafood plates we had, none of them excited us. For the price, I expected to come away having enjoyed my meal, and instead it tasted like something I could make at home on my george forman if I had seafood that fresh. I was going to give it 3 stars but I still can't get over the disappointment we both felt after our meal and for that reason dropped it another star. Plus my girlfriend was so unhappy with it she stopped by Crystal Burger afterwards. Lots of potential, but the food was just too bland - this is New Orleans, I expect some flavor with my meal.On one of our nights in NOLA, we went looking for my co-worker and found her here.  The place has a nice upscale, romantic ambiance and she was so excited about the food here that we thought it would be a great place for a nice dinner.  We checked for reservations on a Sunday night and found that there was only a 9:30 (!) slot available, but we took it.
We were seated not long after we arrived and our server, Troy, was great throughout the evening.  He was very friendly and attentive and he gave us good recommendations and insights on the menu.  Soon after we ordered, we were brought some of the best little biscuits and butter!  Make sure you ask for more, 1 definitely isn't enough!  We ordered the lobster dumplings and the smoked sizzling oysters for our appetizers.  The dumplings were delicious, little flavorful pockets of goodness tucked into a soft noodle wrapper.  They oysters were a big hit with my wife as well, she said that they were amazing, which is saying something, as she loves her oysters!
For my main entrée, I had the scalibut, which is a halibut steak with scallops on top.  The flavors of the fish balanced each other out nicely and it came with a nice lobster and tomato risotto, which was great.  My wife had the wood grilled black grouper, which had a pineapple glaze that gave it an Asian taste.  That was a great dish as well.  The fish was cooked well for both dishes, we definitely loved every bite of all of our dishes!  Sadly, we were too full for dessert.
This is a great place if you're looking for a nice dinner in New Orleans.  It's not cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for.  Great food, nice ambiance, and great service!Try the Tempura Fin Wings, outstanding. Wonderful staff great drinks. Beautiful environment.  Enjoy!!GW Fin was wonderful!! The staff was very professional, we were seated at close to our reservation time and attentive but not intrusive throughout the evening. The Menu and preparation is one of the best in the world as far as we are concerned (we travelled most of the world) - worthy of a Michelin Star! The crowd on a Monday night was lively and tables were full but the staff & kitchen put everything out in a well paced, unrushed way, our hats off to them! For appetizer we ordered the Pompano Crudo and if you never had Pompano then you will be very pleased with this preparation and taste, Entrees were the Scalibut (Seared, Halibut with tiny scallops surrounding in a creamy, RICH sauce) and the Sheepshead was very tasty, moist and non-fishy. Portions were ample and very pleasing to the eye. All was accompanied by an average Sauvignon Blanc at an above average price (Hint: Pick better Whites). We recommend reservations as this place is HOT and for a good reason. Thanks for a GREAT, tasty experience GW Finn!This is the real deal!
It is rare that a place that gets lots of hype meets those expectations.  But, it happened here, and I am a fan!  Great menu...  with interesting variations.  Service was terrific as well.  Re price... didn;t think it was unreasonable at all compared to other high-end establishments in major cities.Delicious meal,  my husband ordered the Red Fish and he said it was one of the best fish dishes he has had.  I had the Scalibut scallops on top of Halibut, it was also very good.  The biscuits are to die for but don't fill up on them as they continually put a new hot biscuit on your plate when they see it empty.  Great service!  They change the menu daily depending on what is fresh.  A very enjoyable meal.  A bit noisy but the food is well worth the noise.So Delicious!
Beautiful ambiance, great service and amazing food.
We started with the lobster dumplings- so flavorful, and the carb potstickers- Yum! For dinner we shared the scallop/lobster dish (forgot what it was called)- the fish was so tender and well seasoned. For Dessert, we had the caramel and white chocolate bread pudding- so amazing!!! This was one of the best restaurants we ate at while in New Orleans.
Can't wait to go back some day!Nice spot..food good...Managers totally pay attention to the floor and pick up the slack...Nice touch.Awesome food, we ordered the blackened fish and it was so delicious. Also ordered the lobster dumplings and the sauce was to die for. Very reasonably priced as well for the ambiance and high quality food. Would return for sureSo the things you've read are true. There is a dress code, no problem, we knew that when we made reservations. They made a special menu for me since it was my birthday and gave us a nice table. We had two waiters, both were awesome and very helpful with explaining the menu. Everyone was great with our young daughter and they had kid friendly options. The sommelier had nice recommendations and no attitude. We had some dietary restrictions and they were very accommodating. We had the crispy pork belly and it was delicious. We had to order 2 as my daughter highjacked the first one. We also shared the lobster bisque and that was very rich and tasty. My H had the redfish and really enjoyed it. I had the scalibut and first, the portion size left a lot to be desired for the money. Also, the scallops were a bit rubbery and it felt like the corner piece of lasagna that someone had reheated. I just felt disappointed for the hype and wished I had made another selection. Especially when everything else I had eaten had been prepared so well. We had a nice dessert and coffee and once the coffee and check were dropped, we never saw the waiters again for any refills or check ins, which I get, they are ready to help the next customers. So overall great restaurant but I think I'd try another dish the next time we go back.Service was impeccable! I had the lump crab and lobster dumplings, yummy!Excellent all the way around.  I had the American red Snapper dish and it was fabulous.  The soft shell crap appetizer is a great choice, and the BBQ shrimp is good too.  The resteraunt has an impressive wine selection as well.  You can't go wrong here.Great food and service!
Pros
Food
Champagne and wine list
Service
Ambiance
Seperate bar area
Cons
Make reservations it gets busyGreat attentive service. The food was excellent and the ambience was terrific. We had a wonderful time.One of the best meals and experiences I have ever had, not just in New Orleans but anywhere. You can tell that Gary and his team care. The food was outstanding. Your only problem will be what to choose from because you want to try everything on the menu.  I could keep going on but the bottom line put this restaurant on your list if you are going to New Orleans. For other reviewers who didnt give GW FIns 4-5 stars, I suggest that they go back and review it again. I feel that I am alittle bit of a foodie and dont give 4-5 stars lightly and I truly believe GW Fins deserves it.Love Love Love this restaurant.  Every time I come to NOLA I eat here.  It is pricy but a really quality good meal.  I recommend the sizzling oyster appetizer and the Scalibut really original food that is just so so good!   I come to NOLA a lot and this is my favorite!!I'm feeling generous so I will give this place 5 stars. I loved everything here except one thing, which I'll get too. The pork belly appetizer was a 10 on a scale of 1 to 5! I would move to New Orleans to have that in my life. The lobster dumpling was a good appetizer, but definitely got shown up by the pork. I got the red snapper special of the day--also a pure delight. My cocktail was exactly what I was looking for and it was a good recommendation from Nick. Darrin was also a great server and kept the biscuits coming! Also, I liked the menu overall and that it ever-changing and really takes advantage of the local ingredients and seafood.
I was full after my entree, but we were on such a good roll, I had to order dessert... and that is where they lost me. I got the chocolate mousse bomb as I was told it was an unique must-have. Unfortunately, it was a bit too dense and heavy for mousse, so the texture was off and that is what makes the best mousse to me. I should have stopped while I was ahead. Everything else was just so good that the dessert won't detract from my rating. If I go again, I will prioritize the appetizers over the dessert. Otherwise, definitely worth every penny.Beautiful place, friendly, comfy. Service was wonderful. The minute your terrific bisuit disappers, POOF! Here comes another one! We had lobster dumplings and blue crab potstickers. The pea shoot butter with the crab was wonderful! I had a parm crusted flounder, YUM and dining partner had the swordfish on garlic red potato smash. Extensive interesting cocktail menu and winelists.  Definitely recommend.I could not try their famous biscuit since they informed me that they used lard in their preparation.
Nevertheless, my friend said they were great.
We got the Red Snapper Ceviche for appetizer. It was perfect.
We got the Local Drum and the Scalibut. Both were great.
The highlight was definitely the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie. I have never before liked Pretzels in my life, until I had this dessert. Perfect blend of salty and sweet.Went here on our trip to New Orleans to celebrate my birthday! Some dishes are delicious. I like the dessert most. It is quite popular, so if you want to go here, remember to make a reservation earlier!An upscale seafood restaurant in the heart of the French Quarter, I'd make the argument that there is nothing sub par on their menu. For appetizers, I suggest: Lobster Dumplings, the Crispy Pork Belly with grilled watermelon and vietnamese glaze (I know, mouth watering right?), and any of the crudos, but perhaps leaning towards the Sea Scallop Crudo with truffle cream and caviar.  The appetizers are amazing, but really.. SAVE ROOM for your entree!  Someone in your party has to get the Scalibut.  It is literally scallops baked into the top of a halibut with the most heavenly lobster risotto.   The pineapple glazed Wood Grilled Grouper is lighter, but has an exotic and delightful flavor.  It's served with sweet potato hash and crispy plantains.  The decor didn't impress me, as it was simple and modern ...but the centralized location is unbeatable.
Visit my website for a full eating itinerary for New Orleans! 
http://chelseagilson.blogspot.com/2014/05/a-long-weekend-in-new-orleans.htmlThis place was beautiful. By far the nicest spot we went to on our vacation in the area. From the moment we walked in we felt at home. Patty greeted us at the door and walked us to the table she was a sweetheart. Our server Marlon was a true gentleman. The biscuits at this place are unbelievable!!!! Wow but be careful not to fill up on them I'm sure it can happen easily! I would highly suggest this to restaurant!What can I say. I took my wife to GW Fins to celebrate our anniversary and what an experience we had. My wife had some oysters to start with while I had wedge salad which came with three different toppings and they separated it onto three different plates so we could share. My wife went on to enjoy some tuna tacos while I had the chicken. We shared the mushroom risotto. My wife had the pear and coconut sorbet and I had the pretzel desert. The waitress was a delight and help make it a special night.We found this place by accident while searching for a greek restaurant in the area, but it was AMAZING. My daughter is allergic to rice, and the waitress was very accomadating for this! If you go, definitely try the snapper, it's cooked to perfection.
The wait-staff is top notch, and the team-work is great. I will defintely be back!Wow... amazing food.  Take a look at the pictures online that I posted.
Recommended the fins wings which is a fish that u eat like a chicken wings.  They unique for sure. 
Halibut was very taste and so is the pork chops.  The chops have strawberries on them with sweet potatoes puree.  
Halibut again was really good.
The best dish hands down was the bluefin tuna.  The guy with me does not like tuna.... now he will eat this.  Chalk that up for a great dish.
Presentation on the dishes where spot on. 
Service was great too.If someone were to ask me, "What's your favorite dish?" I would say, "crispy pork belly AND sizzling oysters from GW Finns in New Orleans French Quarter." This will hands down be my "MUST DO" when you visit New Orleans. The atmosphere is upscale. The bar is open and welcoming. The staff is super pleasant from the front door, and bar to table. Our server, Fallon, was so helpful with all gluten-free options! I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant, it's management, and it's amazing food!Simply amazing.  This has to be my top 10 meals of my life... That's including meals in Paris, Rome, Barcelona, HongKong and Tokyo!!!Bottom Line Up Front: GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!! Beautifully prepared imaginative seafood that will not disappoing.
It was my boyfriend's birthday and it was our favorite meal in NOLA by far! So good in fact that I tried to go there for lunch the next day (our last day) but sadly realized they were only open for dinner service.
Biscuits - Crisp/firm on the outside, warm on the inside, so good!
Lobster dumplings - so delicate and tasty in that pool of lobster butter!
Scalibut - Beautiful presentation and the thickest piece of halibut i've ever had. Huge pieces of lobster in the risotto. Surf on surf on surf!
Blackened Swordfish - GET THIS! The star of the meal, a huge portion of swordfish was perfectly cooked at medium rare. The blackening spices were flavorful and it honestly melted like butter in my mouth. Unfortunately for me this was my boyfriend's meal so I had food envy the entire evening. Luckily he shared!
Salted Pretzel ice cream pie - salty sweet, a huge portion which was way too much after our huge meal!
Bread pudding - boyfriend enjoyed it a lot!My girl and I had dinner here in a recent trip to NOLA. Fantastic. Everything was well done. Biscuits, apps, dinner, service, decor. Would recommend and I'd go back on my next visit.Great service , food was way above what's was served in the area
Clean quiet and efficient 
Will be back next time in NO 
Keep up good workBest dining experience in New Orleans and one of my best ever to be honest. The service was about as 5 star as you can get as we had a team of staff waiting on us. I asked our main server for suggestions on the menu and each was exquisite. I can't eat the mostly fried food in New Orleans so was looking for a place where I could try the local fish in a healthier way and OMG I'm still dreaming about this meal!  Can't recommend the sheepshead fish enough - don't let the name dissuade you and of course the broiled oysters were divine. Will definitely be going back next time I return to this amazing city!Great meal worth every penny. My family agreed the smoked oysters were even better than that of Felix's which is down the street, shrimp appetizer was also great. All 4 different types of fish were delish as was the apple pie for dessert. Good service, our waiter was very nice. BEWARE there is a dress code collar required for men in case you wander in after touring around. Highly recommended for a splurge!its difficult to find GREAT FRESH NON-FRIED fish in New Orleans, which shocked me at first considering fish is a main component of every menu in the city. If you are looking for a restaurant that doesn't defile its fish dishes with sodium and a deep fryer then this is the place for you! This restaurant is one of the gems New Orleans has to offer. LOVE this restaurant!So good. Fresh fish at it's finest. I've only eaten here once, but I enjoyed it. If you want a splurge while in the big easy, this should be on your list of possibilities. The fresh biscuits were pretty dang good too.This is not to be missed! We had a lovely dinner and everything we ordered was excellent. They come around with the most delicious biscuits before the meal! I had a wedge salad and the signature dish Scalibut which is halibut with scallops on top and it was one of the best things I have ever eaten . I will be back whenever I get the chance to visit your lovely city.Sheepshead and scalibut, order both and share, you won't be disappointed. The roasted cauliflower was amazing, especially paired with prisoner wine. The salty malt pie for dessert...oh my goodness.Impeccable service, delicious seafood, and outstanding desserts. The biscuits and the oysters are not to be missed. 
I would definitely come back next time I'm in NOLA.All was delicious but the highlight surprisingly was the pork belly watermelon appetizer!   Super fancy place.  Excellent service.  Though my expectations were high and it didn't quite meet it.  Was expecting this to be the best of Nola and instead it seemed it was just one of the many.  Thus the 4 stars versus 5.This is an elegant and lively place.  The service is friendly and efficient. We started with the soft shelled crab appetizer which was perfect.  We also ordered the pork belly with pressed watermelon which was unique and a great flavor combination.  I had something called the Scalibut, a signature dish. It was good but I saw several great dishes pass by, and next time I'll go with simple. The filet was cooked just right but nothing special.  A real plus was the spaghetti squash.  Dirty rice was just a small step up from Zatarain's.  Overall it's pretty goodThe food was decent, but beware of the overly "posh" culture they attempt to surround themselves with. As soon as I entered I was welcomed nicely by the hostess but the experience only got worse after that. We got our appetizers and a waiter approached me and said "we have a collared shirt policy in the restaurant, we can either offer you a polo shirt to wear or you need to wear your jacket". The fact that someone came up to me after I have already been seated is ridiculous, not to mention that it's very pretentious for the restaurant to force people to dress a certain way to make the dining room "more formal". They seriously need to embrace a more modern culture or understand that coming up to guests and requesting they dress themselves different even after they've already sat in your dining room is rude and very disrespectful. The food was decent but definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.This was the best meal we had in New Orleans. The smoked oysters were unique and delicious (though chargrilled oysters at Drago or stuffed at Luke's have them beat). The lobster ravioli was good but I wouldn't order it again. However for the entree we got the Parmesan encrusted Sheepshead (don't worry, it is a type of fish), and it was truly the best entree I got all week in New Orleans. And the salted caramel ice cream pie (can't remember the exact name) was our favorite dessert. It was amazing. I would eat here every week if I could.One of the best meals I've had on my trip to NOLA. Reservation was for our last night there, and anticipation was high.
Interior reminded me of old NYC fancy restaurants, the diverse staff attentive, professional and on-point. The atmosphere classy, yet accepting. Everyone looked happy to see you, and thankful for your presence.
Food... amazing.
I had the August special, appetizer, entree and desert for $39. I had a lobster bisque which made me wanna pick up the bowl and lick the remains. The lobster was cooked like its mama made the suggestion. Then I had the soft-shell crab, and I've never had this made correctly. This was amazingly good, over a slice of cornbread and a lovely un-overpowering sauce. I hated to see it leave my plate. It was hard to eat more after that, but of course I did. Desert was a mini pecan pie with a mini scoop of ice cream. I loved the pie filling, rich and lovely, but the crust was too tough to tackle, yet I excused it.
The staff were really great, attentive, organized, talkative and genuinely friendly, but then I think all the folk of NOLA are. I could see a great birthday, proposal, business meeting or anniversary here. I'm glad it represented the finale of my great vacation.This is an outstanding eatery. The dining room is attractive and thoughtfully laid out so background noise is no problem. Our mixed drinks were perfectly  prepared and generous. Like many we tried the lobster dumplings which were delicious. The ceviche was fantastic. We tried the scalibut and the grilled cobia. Both were cooked to perfection. The biscuits were endless and amazing. Our service was impeccable, friendly and efficient. One of the finest meals we have had in New Orleans!!If you want the best fish of your life you have to go here! The sauce they pare with the fish make the fish taste a amazing. The side are always fresh and delicious. Fine dinning at it's best for a great value! Love this place.Made business dinner reservation for 5, but arrived with 6.  They were great about quickly resetting our table.  Wedge salad and grouper/sweet potato mash were best I have ever had.  Great food and excellent service - I'll definitely be back!My Husband and I ate here on 6/21/2015, which happened to be Father's day and our anniversary and it was on a Sunday, when many upscale New Orleans restaurants were closed. This is not a jeans and t-shirt type of place. Dressy attire is expected and reservations are highly recommended. The wait staff is extremely attentive. I was wearing a white dress and while my husband was given a black napkin, the wait staff gave me a white napkin to match my dress. This little detail still sticks out in my mind a year later and the saying "it's the little things that count" rings true. Complimentary biscuits are handed out at any time. They are fresh, moist, and buttery; the perfect combination. Make sure to have one or two and resist the rest because you will become full and will miss out on all the GW Fins has to offer. For starters, we ordered Lobster Dumplings and these bad boys were delicious. The best dumplings I have ever had. I got the snowy grouper and the entire plate from start to finish was succulent. The fish was wood grilled and the pineapple basil glaze was the right touch, mixed with a bite from the corn, and the crunch from the plantain, this is a winner. My motto is to always save room for desert and this place is no exception. We ordered the apple pie with the cheddar cheese crust because where else in NOLA can you order it? In fact, this dish doesn't exist in Pensacola, FL either. The desert was huge and did not disappoint. I honestly cannot say enough great things about this place. Got an occasion worth celebrating? Bring your significant other here. You won't be disappointed.
Price 5*
Service 6*
Atmosphere 4*
Food 5*To start off with the staff was excellent. They came to our table like we were the only ones there...we weren't but it felt like it. Excellent cocktails and that grouper with crab was so flavorful so was the blackened swordfish. That salted caramel mud pie was criminally good! Will definitely be back soon!Came here on a recommendation from our hotel concierge & it did NOT disappoint!  Lobster dumplings & "scalibut" were awesome!  Everything we ordered was so good.  Ask for Troy-- fun, knowledgeable waiter!  Can't wait to go back next time we're in town!Not exactly as good as reviewed .  The Lobster dumplings were very bland.  I had there specialty the Scalibut and thought it was over done, the fish was dry however it was served over Lobster risotto which was excellent.  My wife had the Grouper which had to be returned because it was served it undercooked when it was returned it was just OK, but they did the right thing and did not charge us for it.  For dessert the bread pudding was fantastic.We had such a great dining experience at GW Fins and would highly recommend it. 
The biscuits they start you off with are probably one of the best I've had. 
The appetizers we had were really good. We had the lobster dumplings, 
wood grilled gulf shrimp and the 
jumbo lumped crab cake. 
For salad we tried the spinach and goat cheese salad. My boyfriend is not much of a salad eater but he really liked this one. 
For our main course, we had their #1 Yellowfin Tuna which was seared rare. It was amazing! It came with vegetables, sticky rice and sweet soy butter. We also got to try our friends' entrees, the flounder, the swordfish, and the snapper, which were all equally delicious. 
For dessert, we all had the Salty malty ice cream pie. It was a little too sweet for me but I'm sure all you sweet tooths would love it! 
Excellent food and excellent service!We had a great meal last Saturday. The atmosphere was great; nice but fun and relaxed. We had a great recommendation for wine from the server, Ashton, who was also great. We had the tuna tartare for an appetizer, the sheepshead fish and the swordfish for entrees and the Apple pie. Everything was perfect and delicious. I would highly recommend GW Fins for anyone wanting good food and a good experience in New Orleans.Had dinner at GW last week during a business trip to New Orleans. Ate solo by the bar but never really felt I was alone. The bartenders were very friendly, hospitable, knowledgable, and most importantly humble. None of that snooty nonsense that many restaurants in the same price range deliver. My mojito was refreshing in the New Orleans heat, and the French Sauvignon Blanc recommended by the bartender at $14/glass was arguably the best glass of wine I've had at a restaurant. With regard to the food, the BBQ shrimp was well cooked and the sauce was addictive. Make sure you dip the delicious corn bread rolls they offer in the sauce ;)! Had the american snapper for my main - perfectly cooked and delicious! All in all an excellent dinning experience and well worth the money.Add me to the list of GW Fins fans.  This place is great.  
Pros:
huge wine list
daily menu based on the fresh catches
ambiance: large open dining area without decent acoustics to keep the noise level down
attentive and courteous wait staff
Oh yeah the food... the lobster dumplings were very light and interesting way to start the meal.  The scallibut - scallops baked/melded into a halibut was delicious.  My entire party cleaned their plate.
Biggest con: make a reservation at least a week early to get a decent timeExtraordinary. Great service and menu was outstanding. I had snapper and it was super fresh and nice and moist when served. Biscuits are the best I had in N.O.  First courses and dessert also terrific. I give it my highest recommendation.If you are in NOLA, this is not the place to go unless you want to prove your tourist tastes.  Such a disappointment.  Food around the table was butter fish, red snapper & grouper.  The response from everyone at the table was lackluster.  If you sit in the bar, great service & fluffy biscuits.  Not a destination when you think of experiencing gastronomic ecstasy of NOLA.Had a great time for my sister birthday. I had Scalibut and she had the drum. Everything came out very good! We will be back.I had dinner at GW Fins two weeks ago. Our server, Tre, was excellent!! I have gotten so used to receiving terrible service everywhere in New Orleans, so when I come across an excellent server, it is a big surprise. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and described the dishes in great detail, utilizing lots of descriptive terms. The service was probably the best part of the evening. I made reservations the first week of January for dinner on Thursday, February 22nd at 7:15 pm. I know this is a popular spot, so I tried to be responsible and make my reservations 6 weeks in advance. We arrived at 7:00 pm, and checked in with the hostess. She typed in my name and said we would be seated in a few minutes. We waited until 7:35 to be seated. In the interval between 7:15 and 7:35 we weren't given an explanation of why we hadn't been seated. In fact, the hostess tried her best to ignore us . I had hoped that by making my reservation so far in advance and by showing up and checking in early, that our reservation time would be honored, but it wasn't. The hostess seemed to be doing her best to ignore everyone waiting by the host stand, in a haughty manner. Maybe she was having a bad day, or maybe the popularity of this restaurant has allowed employees to act out like this . When we were seated we received excellent service. We had the lobster dumplings, which I found underwhelming. We also had a house-cured salmon appetizer with a grapefruit sauce, and it was delicious. We ordered Gulf Redfish with a sweet potato hash and the scalibut. The Redfish was great, and it had a light citrusy sauce that was wonderful. The scalibut is a truly inspired dish-- it looked great and tasted delicious. I enjoyed the food and was impressed with the service, but was insulted by the rude insolence of the hostess.The Salty Malty dessert was unappealing on the menu, but was the best thing I have put in my mouth this year.Very nice restaurant and super busy every day Coz this's Restaurant so popular in Town here. But all about the food is so amazing and very nice presentation and the restaurant not to fat from bourbon st.Reservations are a must!  Hands down the best meal I had in NOLA.  
Service was excellent.  We were seated at one of their booth half circle tables.  Nice ambiance.  
Food AMAZING!!!  Drinks EXCELLENT!!!  Pricing great!!!!  
All I have to say FRESH WARM BISCUITS come to you table.  Being walked around and just placed in front of you from the pan.  As a girl who loves her biscuits, I knew this was the way I would like to start every single meal of my life.  My dream came true! 
Apps - Blue Crab Potstickers, Lobster Dumplings, & Beet Salad.
Dinner - Scallops over Mushroom Risotto 
Dessert - Salty Malty Pie 
We ate in silence.  There was nothing to say that would explain the sheer pleasure going on our mouths!  (I do not care how that sounds :) ) 
MUST GO!We came here because of the great reviews and left sorely disappointed. The wait was long, the service was poor, and the food was mediocre. In such a heated dining market, I don't know how this place continues to deliver so poorly yet continue existing.
I live out of town and always love visiting NOLA. After my first bad experience, I vowed I'd never go back. But recently, I tagged along with a group that I couldn't talk out of it...they sure were kicking themselves for not listening to me!
There are a lot of things that make this place sub par but the most annoying one is that both times I've eaten there I've felt like what I was served didn't match the description on the menu. The food is better than the one star rating I'm giving them...probably a solid 3, but there's nothing more frustrating to me than getting something I feel like I didn't order. When I inquired about the whereabouts of the scallops that were listed on the menu item I had suggested, the waiter informed me that they were extremely thinly shaved on top of the dish...I think he assumed I had drank a few more Hurricanes than I actually had. And even if that was they way they were intended to be served, it wasn't listed like that on the menu so I was expecting seared diver scallops!
Either way, this place has stolen two dinner opportunities from me in NOLA, which is filled with incredible options. It will not steal a third!We went there for dinner after doing some research on yelp. After spending three days exploring good good in the French Quarter, we were so looking forward to another great dinning experience there. However, we were a bit disappointed by the service and the food quality there. It was confusing that we had two servers that both worked at our table. Neither of them knew the existence of the other and we had to order water twice. We started with lobster dumplings as appetizer that was the best part of our dinner. I got the blackened swordfish but it was dull. It was still good but I expected a bit more from a restaurant with 4.5 starts on yelp and located among the best restaurants in New Orleans.  I didn't order dessert after my main course and decided to go somewhere else.GW Fins was absolutely THE BEST!! I felt like we were completely pampered from the time we walked in the door until the sad moment that we had to leave. The fish dinners that we had were incredibly yummy and served to us hot and cooked to perfection. The servers anticipated our culinary needs and brought us plenty of flakey biscuits and butter, and the wine suggestion was just right.
The location was convenient for us. We were staying at The Saint Hotel on Canal, and it took us about 5 minutes to walk to GW Fins. Though it's essentially on Bourbon Street, we were able to avoid some of the rowdiness by taking a roundabout route. 
Dinner at GW Fins was definitely the highlight of our Anniversary Celebration in NOLA!Marlon was an amazing server! The food itself is impressive and the location is in the heart of the French Quarter, but Marlon really took our experience to the next level. Ask to be seated in his section, and you won't be disappointed. 
There is absolutely nothing subpar on the menu- all their raw items are fresh as can be. Honestly, had a little too much wine to remember everything we ordered, but it was all amazing. I ordered the parmesean crusted sheepshead as my entree and it was fantastic. The apple-pie a la mode for dessert cannot be missed. It's a little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it if you're looking to splurge while in Nola!I made the reservation over 2 months ago & bit was it worth the wait!  The fresh fish was prepared perfectly & oh so fresh!  I love crab & when Marlon, our server, told me the "sheepshead" fish had a texture & taste of crab I was sold. This dish did not disappoint!  It was prepared with a cheese crust & fried capers. Awesome! Marlon was so friendly & knowledgeable. 
We had salty malty ice cream pie with caramel sauce & pretzel crust. I've never tasted anything like it before. So sweet & creamy with a salty kick. It's a must have!  
This meal was so great & unique. I'd come back in an instant!One of my top 10 in the world. The lobster dumplings were amazing. The grouper so delicious. Finished with chocolate bread pudding wow! I will be eating here on all future trips to new Orleans.I thought I left the la smutty attitude environment.  NOT HERE!  I felt like I was back home in LA, CA.  The hostess which was dress in something that looked like it was from target (a t shirt material dress in a aqua blue with a v neck and head band, and black leggings on) , which girls in california wear during the day to shop in was very rude.  I thought that it was suppose to be a classy place.  Most nice places at least have a better dress code.  It would not bother me if she was not as rude as she was.  We were not the only ones to make a comment.  We had reservations but still did not get seated for some time.  Apparently the group before yes did not get seated on time either and was waiting a long time,  the man had to go up to the hostess to ask why it was taking so long.  She also seated people that came in after us right away.  We did not have a large group at all,  it was three people including myself.  
 My mother and I sat at the bar.   The apple martini was good.  The raspberry  martini was tasty but not made right.  The bartenders had attitudes problems.  They reminded me of being in LA at a over rated bar that chargers $20 if not more for there drinks, with a big side of pretentiousness  .  They gave us the bill when they served the drink right away and did not even ask if we wanted anything else, or even asked if we wanted to open a tab.   It took forever to even receive  or drinks.  
At this time we are still waiting for out table which should have been ready oh about a little over a half in hour.  My father finally went up and asked why we have not been seated.  So she says oh I have it ready now.  Well I wanted to take the bill from the bar and just add it on our dinner bill.  The bartenders said you could not do that.  I felt that was a lie, only because I know you can in almost all places.  I did not was to assume though.  I asked the man that did seat us and he said oh I am sorry no , I do not know why they told you that.    He sat us right by the kitchen in the back.................  There was open tables in better spots.  
The waitress did her best and she was not bad.  she asked how was our night my mom said well not to good.  So she tried to make it better.  Not a bad waitress but not the best or that good.   
The ahi tare tare was amazing!  I am use to eating ahi and especially raw but the flavor and grade of the ahi was amazing I have to say.  My moms spring salad with strawberries was good but had to must dressing.  The biscuit are yummy and have sweet taste.
The butterfish was okay.  Though I could get the same at dukes in Malibu and it would taste better.  The wahoo was not that great, I expected the same quality I had at Oceanair in San deigo Ca , because it was the same type of place.  I guess the expectation is to much.  My opinions is based on the prices and type of restaurant.   My mother is a light eater so she got the fried maine lobster.  She loved it I thought it was bad.  It had a heavy batter for my taste which should be lighter for lobsters.  I could order the same thing for a lower price at neptunes net in malibu Ca.  SO I SAY again when you had better you just find yourself disappointed.
Dessert
apple pie is unique.  The chocolate cake with the dark chocolate in the inside was good.  Though nothing special.   
This was a good dinner.  However it was disappointing. I will not ever go backOH MY GOD! This was our 2nd choice for dinner and was it FABULOUS!
For apps, had the bbq shrimp and the soft shell crab. Couldn't decide which was better. Fought with my companion regarding ordering the lettuce wedge (nutritional value 0) but it was pretty incredible! ( our waiter, Alan, suggested it and I yelled at him, but he was right). The blacken sword fish, with a couple of crawfish was one entree, I got the scallops. Both were out of this world! Got a side of the mashed sweet potatoes and if you like sweet potatoes (which I do) these were AWESOME!!! Bourbon and vanilla mixed it. Not sure if they were a side or desert. Gotta find that recipe!!
Ive never given anyplace 5stars before, but this place was worth it.
My only concern is, if this was my 2nd choice, I wonder how the food is at my 1st choice. Guess I'll have to cone back to compare.
Well, a year later. Went again and might change to just 4 stars. Had the swordfish and scallops (again), but the scallops were a little under cooked and a little gummy. Slightly disappointed, but still one of the best places to eat.I am updating my review below due to the great customer service the general manager has provided me.  He had reached out to me and was very attentive on trying to rectify the situation. I think it may have been an off day when my experience was bad.  I will give it another chance next time I am in New Orleans and will update my review when I try it again a second time. 
Previous review:
I came to GW Fins because I wanted to celebrate an event with my family. This restaurant was recommend to me by many friends who said the food here is really good.  I was very excited to eat here for the first time. I ordered the swordfish per my server's recommendation. However, with my first bite, I was terribly disappointed. The fish was overcooked, super dry, bland, and tough. Even more so, the fish was cold! It tasted as if it has been sitting out for the longest before it arrived at my table. The swordfish was not even the slightest bit warm.  I was utterly disappointed in the food. Gw fins is supposed to be known for its high quality and fresh fish, but the fish I had was subpar.  The rest of the entrées that  my family had was average. Nothing was great. As far as the service goes, even though the servers were nice, I expected service to be more attentive at a top tier restaurant. I barely saw my server to mention that my food was overcooked and cold. We do not plan on coming here again and advise others the same.Our first time in New Orleans and this fine dining was our place of choice. Food and service were superb.  A great introduction for us of finer Cajun cuisine. We will definitely visit again next time.Decent food but not up to expectations.
Service was unfriendly and took away from an otherwise 4 star experience.
If all other good options are booked I would choose this one otherwise I would avoid it.Make sure you get a reservation. We made the mistake and waited at the bar for an hour. Not that it's a bad thing because the bartenders are friendly and efficient. The wine list is extensive, and the cocktails are unique and delicious. The table service here is impeccable. They never miss a beat. The biscuits and butter they start you with are perfection and the appetizers are the best part of the meal. Crab cakes were delicious and the soft shell crab app was the best thing I've put in my mouth all year. The choices of fish dishes are greater and more creative than any other seafood place I've been to. Although my blackened swordfish was a little overcooked. It's a little loud and busy so don't bring your grumpy uncle.One of the top 5 restaurants I've ever been too! Service was great, atmosphere was cozy & food was out of this world! If you want fish this is the place to get it! absolutely incredible!!!!!Very classy place. I had the swordfish and my boyfriend had the sheepshead. Both were good but We thought the swordfish was a little bit better. Not particularly expensive considering the quality of the food.The Triggerfish was wonderful and my friend had the scalibut and thoroughly enjoyed it.  We ordered the lobster dumplings that others raved about, but they were just average for me.  Not worth $10 for 5 small dumplings with very little lobster.
We had reservations and were seated just inside the dining room  with a view of the front door.  Also, I sat through half of my meal with an empty wine glass.  These 2 things should be a no brainer for a fine dining establishment and the reason they are not worthy of the 5 th star.A beautiful restaurant, very comfortable and most of the time, great food, although I have had a couple near misses for the most part most of the food I have had here was very good. It is the place to go if you want seafood that is not from here and not fried although the usually have a pretty good selection of Louisiana seafoodNothing but great service and food this spot did not disappoint   We had the swordfish and the halibut and scallops special both were outstanding our server Rod was also outstanding all his recommendations were spot on, best meal we had on our 5 day incredible stay. The drink selection was very good and creative.Celebrated our anniversary in New Orleans and everyone recommended GW  Fins as the dinner spot. 
Our concierge set the reservation and the restaurant was on top of it. The hostess greeted us by name and brought us to a decorated table. A server who we can't remember by name, unfortunately (younger guy who just graduated) congratulated and welcomed us soon after. Very helpful and a pleasure to work with. He recommended the scallop wrapped grouper, grouper(?) wings and the best gumbo I've ever had. Our food was fantastic, fresh and wonderfully presented. The server assistant didn't miss a beat. We were given an anniversary dessert that was also delicious. 
From start to finish our experience at GW Fins was flawless. We'll definitely be back and have already told all of our friends about the experience. Great job guys and thanks again!This is THE place in the Quarter. Food is 5 stars and staff are too. Tommy and Anthony behind the bar are the best. We come here every time we are in town. Never have been disappointed. If you don't come here for dinner you are missing out.Awesome seafood with a great selection. Everything we had was very delicious, made with fresh seafood, and prepared perfectly. We had the lobster dumplings, and they melted in your mouth.  Next was the wedge salads. I opted for the bbq shrimp and crab cake for an entree. Just yum!! Tried my friends grouper and I wanted more of that too. Had to skip dessert as we ate way too good for dinner. Hostesses up front were a little snooty, but wait staff was extremely friendly, helpful and efficient. Will return if back in NOLAOne of my best place to eat in New Orleans. Great seafood menus to choose from. Please call and get a reservation before coming here. Lobster dumplings were tasty. Loved the Smoked Oysters. Scalibut was phenomenal. Price is $$$, but worth it. Complimentary parking. Average noisy. Contemporary ambience.First things first. I came here for my anniversary. Got to the table and there was confetti and a scroll wishing us a happy anniversary. Our waiter came right over and introduced himself and shook our hands. Color me impressed. We started with the lobster dumplings and crispy pork belly. I don't have the words to describe just how good they were. We both had half of ours and then switched plates so that the other didn't miss out on the euphoric experience. For an entrée I had the scalibut. If you've had scallops or halibut  before you need to come try this. It'll change your world. It was perfectly seared and seasoned. The genius behind this dish needs to be recognized. I can't even give you something off by splitting hairs. My girlfriend had the Chilean sea bass. There was a sweet and sour broth that I wanted to pour into a glass and drink. If you're in the French quarter DO NOT miss out on the gem. It will make a good time great and a great time transcendent.Food  was great. Drinks were decent mostly known for wine. Highly recommend the lobster dumplings and tuna tartare. My husband and and I split the sealibut which was halibut and lobster it was amazing. The biscuits were good as well. The restaurant was right off Bourbon street. Only gave 5 stars since our service was good but they didn't bring us biscuits and didn't check on us so that was frustrating but the food is 5 stars!A open & romantically lit restaurant with tables on the main dining room floor & romantic semi oval booths elevated along the back wall of which we were lucky enough to receive. Do try to request one of the booths if possible. The service is polished although pervasive & "cruise like" at times with staff repeatedly checking in. The food is very delicious & well portioned although slightly unoriginal. Overall a nice spot to go for a romantic &  polished evening.This place is as good as it gets. Went here for my 30th birthday celebration last weekend. I mentioned on the phone that it was my birthday, and when we got there they had birthday confetti on the table and a special menu that said "Happy Birthday Cristina" on it - I asked my sister and she said she had nothing to do with it! It was so nice! The service here is impeccable. If you get up to use the restroom, you return to a folded napkin on the table in front of you. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The food is incredible! Every meal was absolutely delicious, I don't have a single complaint - and I would consider myself a very picky eater. I especially enjoyed the pesto gnocchi and the scalibut. The crème brûlée and salty malty ice cream pie were SO good too!Okay, I have to give GW Fins my "best meal I had in NOLA" award. Wow, the soft shell crab as noted by Nghia L. is to die for. Also the sizzling smoked BBQ oysters are unreal.  we had these two appetizers and we choose well.
Then for main course we both had the scallabut - scallops on to of a really nice piece of Halibut.  Wow!  They put it on a bed of lobster rissoto and my boss is allergice to lobster. Not problem they did it for us with Mushrooms. I joked to the waiter that I would take her lobster.  When it showed up they give me a fat lobster claw and he remarked that he owed it to us.
This was really great.  Nice job, very $$$$ with a few glasses of wine this ended up over $240 with tip for 2 people.Swordfish was fantastic. My mom had the Parmesan crust fish ( I can't remember the name) it was delicious. I tried red snapper from my friend and it was taste too. The warm biscuit that they bring are really good. They keep bringing every time is out of the oven cage white chocolate and caramel bread pudding is wow!!!Ate dinner here Thursday night.  Have been here numerous times, never disappointed.  Soft shell crab was splendid as was the service.  Got to be one of New Orlean's best consistently good restaurants!!!I'm in the area for work and after reading the Yelp reviews I decided to give it a try. The food is excellent and the service is stellar. I plan to go back there tomorrow for dinner and if my travels bring me back in the area I'll come again.This place is a tourist trap. I've had better food at hotel banquets. The only saving grace was the service.Cannot comment on the food since we did not get a chance to eat.  There were 4 of us and were told since we did not have a reservation for a regular table, we were told to put our name down for the next available high top table, about 30-45 minutes, and if we sit at the bar they will come get us.  After about 40 minutes one of the tables opened up and was given to someone else that just walked in.  When we asked the hostess, she apologized and told us we would have to wait another 30-45 minutes. GW Fins, I don't know how your food tastes, but you wasted our time and left a bad taste in our mouths.I came here on a Sunday night for my sister's birthday dinner and we were not disappointed! Her boyfriend planned everything and thankfully made a reservation, which I would recommend because this place was packed! We were promptly seated at a booth which happened to be decorated for the special occasion, with a personalized menu and some confetti spread out across the table. It just made her birthday celebration even more special!
Our meal was phenomenal! We started by sharing three different starters: lobster dumplings, crispy pork belly, and the heirloom beet salad. The lobster dumplings are amazing! I would highly recommend ordering them! The lobster filling is so rich and tasty and the dumpling vessel is pretty unique. I also enjoyed the crispy pork belly which was paired nicely with watermelon cubes. I thought the pork belly had a good ratio of meat to fat and was surprisingly perfectly crispy. Each little cube of pork belly was just so delicious and flavorful--just cooked very well! And the beet salad was good, but honestly compared to the other starters, it didn't have as much flavor or pizazz. They also provided these light and buttery biscuits on the side. We definitely asked for a few more because they were so tasty. 
For the main entree, we all had to go with the scalibut. I'm told GW Fins is the only place that makes this and so I just had to see what all the fuss was about... and boy, was I happy I ordered it! Initially, I wasn't sure about the concept of scallops coated onto a halibut filet but the two different flavors actually work well together. I loved that there was a crispiness to the scallop on the halibut, but it didn't dry out or take away from the halibut. The risotto it came with was also delicious! My only critique would be to add more risotto because I quickly went through it before even finishing the scalibut.
Lastly, my sister picked out a dessert to end the evening. Our server recommended the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie which we all enjoyed. It's a great dessert that mixes salty and sweet without being too much. The pretzel and salty flavors were more subtle then in-your-face but it is definitely sweet. A great dish to split among your group after stuffing your face from everything else :)
And to top it all off, we had excellent service throughout the meal. Our server was always checking in with us and ensured we were happy with our meal, which is always appreciated. Overall, we had an incredible dining experience! I would recommend checking out GW Fins for a special occasion or if you're in the mood for some unique seafood dishes.Hands down the best restaurant I have ever been in the US ( I live in Boston for 12 years).
The fish was cooked just beautifully. Simply and with respect. Everything tasted just perfect!
The food and the company was so good that I did not pay much attention to the space or ambiance, it was all fine!Holy smokes was the food good!  I took my kids here for a special treat and all three of us were blown away. From the biscuits they started with (best I've ever had, and I love biscuits), to the amazing apple pie with cheddar dessert, all the food was incredible. Also note they will prepare a kids meal for $8.95 if you ask not on menu).Excellent, excellent, excellent!!! Delicious food, impeccable service, and great ambiance. This is one of my favorite restaurants I have ever attended. Everything about it was great for a date night, a night out with a group, or for a special occasion.From start to finish ridiculously great food and best service we've ever had anywhere. Had BBQ shrimp, scalibut, pork, and apple pie not to mention the biscuits. Service truly went out of their way to make our anniversary a night to remember.I brought my boyfriend there for his birthday and it was a first for both of us. He got his own menu with them wishing him a happy birthday and the table was set up with confetti. We enjoyed everything and had a wonderful experience. I wished I'd remember our servers name, but him and his partner were incredible! He knew exactly what he was talking about when describing the menu and very informative.When we received the bill I didn't even realized he said he took one of the desserts off the menu as a birthday gift from him to my boyfriend. Wonderful experience with great service and phenomenal food!Very Nice restaurant, I enjoyed the decor, especially the brick on the floors in the bathroom. 
The food! The appetizers we great the Red Snapper Ceviche was perfect! The lobster dumplings fantastic. The wine list was great, I actually have a glass of a Malbec from Patagonia off the wine by the glass list that I don't recall the name so I'm going to have to call them and find out the winery. 
The only issue was my main course. I had the seared tuna. Now the piece of tuna was huge, but the prep was just boring. 
I was expecting something more, considering the appetizers had so much pop! But the tuna just feel flat. I've had better at other places and was expecting GW to prepare something that would be memorable but instead I'm wishing it was just better rather than the average it was. Sad considering that the piece of fish was great and the price was reasonable. 
Definitely on my list of returns next time I'm in NO.This was really an amazing restaurant overall . First they served us the biscuits which were unreal until I found out they had lard in them and couldn't eat them anymore which is really disappointing I'm not from south and I here they use lard a lot but really who still uses lard ?? The fig brûlée was so scrumptious I definitely recommend that . We also had the watermelon feta it was good but nothing that amazing . I had the snapper which was good as well . My husband got the tuna which he also liked both of those were wild caught. For dessert we had creme brûlée and some ice cream of some sort which I also enjoyed . Overall out of all restaurants I went to in New Orleans I enjoyed this the most hands down .Consistently good seafood.  Loved the piccata fish dish, with the fried capers.  YUM!DELICIOUS and awesome service! Lobster dumpling app was yummy as is their biscuits - insane. Their house special fish which was scallops coated on halibut. To die for. I ate the entire plate. Then I had one of the spiked coffees. It was such a great meal. Better than commanders palace. HIGHLY RECOMMENDMy husband surprised me with a trip to NOLA for our 20 th anniversary. Our anniversary dinner was at GW Fins. They had a table ready with confetti on it, and a personalized menu for us to keep with our anniversary date on it. The service was amazing, so much attention when you needed it. The food, outstanding! I would recommend this restaurant anytime. Do yourself a favor, and have dinner here, you will not regret it!!Amazing experience. One of the best dinner of my life.  Attentive waiters.  Each seafood dish was expertly prepared with flavors that hit all over you pallette.  Decadent but not overdone desserts.  The way the dining room is set up in a circle with elevated booths was romantic. Request a booth if you're a couple!  Make your reservation on open table if you want a personalized printed menu for the dinner..ours was a birthday and the menu said happy birthday madi.  Awesome!  5 star all the way!I'm telling you... this place is worth every penny. The food, the drinks, the service...everything! We had lobster dumplings and the tuna tacos and I tried the dory fish and just wow wow wow! Phenomenal. We are here from DC and I can't say enough how delicious the food iIt was the last night in New Orleans and I was determined to eat here at least once. I walked up and much to my surprise there was no line!  But that didn't mean that I was getting a seat anytime soon.   I checked in the with hostess . 1.5 hour wait... well I put in my name and grabbed a seat and the lower bar.  I could get a class of wine, but no food.  BUMMER.   it was only a short wait and a seat at the upper bar opened and I grabbed it quickly! 
The bartender was fantastic.  Helpful , knowledgeable  about both food and wine  and very attentive.  I ordered the Sautéed American Red Snapper. with Jasmine  rice, shrimp étouffée, lobster butter.  While i was waiting i had the best biscuits ever .  Warm, buttery and very tasty. 
I was not disappointed with the fish either.   Cooked to perfection, skin on,  mixed it with the shrimp étouffée and was in heaven.
The next morning I told my co workers that I had a chance to eat here.  They were really bummed that they didn't join me,
By far the BEST meal I had in my 5 days in NO.I am in NOVA for four days and tried almost all of the high rated restaurants in CBD and French Quarter, and this is definitely my favorite. Lobster Dumpling and Crispy pork belly are so good. Drum is the best i've ever had, they added a thin layer of chicken skin on top of drum which makes it so delicious. The signature dessert is apple pie and it is really tasty. It is my birthday as well and i am glad that i chose this restaurant.WOW...amazing. Finally went here for the first time and was blown away. 
I really don't remember the last time cleaned my plate. 
I had the reddish over shrimp étouffée and it was one of the best dishes I've had in a restaurant. The appetizers were good, entree was great and the chocolate chip bread pudding.....yeah I'll go back. 
We will become regulars here.Smoked, sizzling oysters were amazing...so good I ordered another plate.  Scalibut was very flavorful.  The scallops on the halibut (hence the name) gives the otherwise plain white fish a much stronger flavor...the two went together very well.  Chocolate mousse bombe for dessert was good, but not as noteworthy...but I felt the other two were great enough to warrant all 5 stars and definite worth trying if you're in NOLA.Had an excellent meal here! Tried both the pork chop and the parmesan crusted sheepshead fish. Both were outstanding! Service was A++. Loved the freshly cooked rolls that are passed around. We got there close to closing, but weren't rushed out of the establishment, etc. It was cold in there, but other was fantastic. Definitely felt the quality of food was exceptionally high. The place feels a bit like a Morton's, so not a ton of historical heritage in the decor, but I will certainly return again. Food and service were excellent!Great dinner! Sizzling oysters are a must have along with their signature dish - Scalibut. Great bar, good wine list, will be back for sure!On the first day of 2017 in NOLA it was a rainy, rainy one and we were tourists in our $3.00 plastic ponchos wandering around soaked.  A friend recommended this spot and a tourist venue did as well so off we went for respite from the rain and cold. 
We had reservations but were seated early.  The ambiance is chic and refined but not too pretentious to turn away us soaked (just drenched) tourists in sleek, oh so sleek red ponchos.  Our waiter was outstanding.  Poised, friendly, informative but not too sales-y.  Made solid recommendations for us tourists.  
The food was outstanding.  To start there are these tiny little biscuits and butter.  Fresh, light, and mostly butter.  How can that taste bad?  It can't, and it didn't. 
Crispy Pork Belly appetizer was awesome.  Absolutely perfectly paired savory flavors and watermelon for a light fresh burst.  
Scalibut was a little bit of everything that is great such as lobster risotto, butter, veggies, and probably a lot more butter.  Very good, but also very mild. 
Ice Cream pie was good but not a must-have.  
Overall this experience was superb.the meal we had here was fantastic.  we weren't quite sure what to expect, only told that it was good for seafood.  the ambience was casual, yet elegant.  the service was excellent - very attentive and friendly, but not overbearing; dishes did not take long to arrive.  i had the scallops with mushroom risotto, which was fantastic.  my friends were also quite pleased with their dishes.  while in NO we ate here and also at Bayona.  I was more impressed and pleased with the food here than at Bayona (not to say that their food was bad).  overall i would not change anything about this place.Outstanding meal. The cocktails were delicious - we especially enjoyed the Sazerac. Each plate was well thought out and delicious. If we could change anything at the restaurant, we would have liked a little more time between courses. The meal felt unnecessarily rushed. If we return, we will ask for a longer interval between plates.By far, my best dining experience in New Orleans.  The food here is as good as it gets.  I had a salmon special that was cooked to perfection.  Great ambience and very romantic.  For dessert we shared the Salty Malty Ice Cream Pie which has a pretzel crust and caramel whipped cream - it was simply divine.  I would have liked to have dined here again during our stay in NOLA as there were other entrees and appetizers I wanted to try.  Reservations are highly recommended.One of the best dining experiences I have ever had.  The fish and service are out of this world.  
I was pleasantly surprised by the bill.  For the quality I was expecting to pay much more.Great fine dining experience. Top notch service! Started with the fig salad which I split and it was delicious. Then had the scalibut which was flavorful but delicate. Finished by splitting the chocolate mousse and 2 sorbets (coconut and mango). All very good! I'm gluten free and they were very accommodating! Would return and recommend! Others in my group had: grilled salmon (plain), bluefin tuna, located dumplings, pork belly, gumbo, and the salted caramel pie. Everyone enjoyed all of their dishes!Very good seafood restaurant, although pricey, restaurant in the French Quarter. Had the crab avocado salad and sizzling oysters for starters.  Both quite good.  For entrees, had the redfish and triggerfish.  Redfish was nicely done; the triggerfish was ok.  Bread pudding dessert was yummy!  Throw in a couple of drinks; dinner for 2 was $125.Had a 10 person dinner for a bachelor party.  The food was reasonably priced for a upscale seafood restaurant.  The place had an inviting open floor plan.  All of the options looked great.  I got the swordfish which didn't disappoint for the main meal and fried soft shell crabs for an appetizer.  Everyone in the group left happy.We were hear for our 48th so why not the 50th.  The days menu had our name and anniversary years.  A nice touch and sparkles on the table cloth.  I had probably the best  quality Tuna I have had in the U.S. Prepared perfectly.  Their fish monger really knows what he is doing.  My wife enjoyed her Swordfish, so hard to find good.  Our guests also enjoyed their dinners as well though though not fish.  A special occasion place but reasonable overall.  New Orleans for foodies is a bargain.May be I am biased coz of the San Francisco service food choices. 
The food at GW was good in taste but service is not at par with the price tag. I requested a change in the entree I.e. More asparagus instead if rice and. I got three stalks. Yes ! Just three. Even on further request the server did not seem to allow for more. 
The food tastes ok! But no innovation in recipe or presentation.So much about my experience here was fantastic. 
The decor is beautiful. Our server was so attentive and knowledgable. We got everything he recommended, and it was all on-point. In general, I've never had fish that tasted so fresh. As our server said "It was still alive that morning." We started with the lobster dumplings, which were really delicious. For dinner I had the scalibut, which was fantastic, and is just a really cool and creative idea in general. My boyfriend had the parmesan-crusted drum, which was both buttery and crispy and I actually liked it even more than the scalibut. This was all some of the best fish I've ever had. 
My only complaint is really about the drinks. I ordered a Nola Fizz off the cocktail list, which had St. Germain and gin and grapefruit in it, but -- and this is so weird -- it tasted like a light beer. Both St. Germain and gin can be hard tastes to work with, but my high hopes were pretty strongly established after my first bite of the amazing complimentary biscuits. My boyfriend got an Irish coffee, and it was crazy Irish, and not so much coffee-ish. 
I would absolutely go back, I would probably just stick to the wine list if I wanted a drink. I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, because really, the service and the food were an absolute dream. Overall, this place was wonderful, and I would recommend it to anyone.We made reservations based on the fact that this restaurant was #1 on Tripadvisor. They were 100% right. Everything was fantastic. We had bbq shrimp with goat cheese grits as an app. For dinner we had halibut and sheepshead. Both fish plates were perfect. I especially loved the lobster risotto. Our server, Nick, was very helpful and kind. I highly highly recommend this restaurant but definitely make a reservation.First of all, could only get a 945 reservation. No biggie as we were late to the game. Walked Bourbon Street for a while, yuck. Stopped back in around 9 and decided to sit at the bar instead. Had a TV and Anthony and the other bartenders took great care of us. Avoided the shalibut and went with the straight scallop dish. Yummy. Drinks were well made and enjoyed our evening without having to return to wandering with the living dead on Bourbon Street. Lesson here is, if you can't get a reservation, show up around 9 and get a great meal served at the bar.Had dinner at Emeril's on Saturday night.  Fins was much better.  Both food and service.   Lobster dumplings just wonderful.   Drum was delicious.  Must dine here if in New Orleans.Husband and I came in for our anniversary dinner. It's a nice place in the French quarter and the food is definitely fresh and good. The biscuits they give you are good as well. I had the scallibut with lobster risotto and husband had the sheepshead. My friend who joined us had the ahi tuna. We all enjoyed our dishes and the service was extremely attentive (a tad too much at times and a bit pushy with them trying to get you to order wine). Now, the reason for the 3 stars: portions are very small and expensive for what you get. My dish came with about 5 spoonfuls of the lobster risotto and the piece of fish was small too. For over $30 an entree they should give you a salad or soup with your entree but they don't. That would be better than stopping by every 2 seconds at the table trying to offer more free biscuits. Also, once we were done eating they brought a dessert menu which we all declined bc they didn't have what I was craving. 5 minutes after collecting the dessert menus from us we were waiting for the check and they brought an anniversary candle on a plate with one of their desserts to our table. We thought oh, that's nice and ate it. Once we got the check they actually charged us for it!!! Not that we care about spending 8 bucks but we were planning on stopping somewhere else for dessert and they just basically forced us to buy the dessert that they basically chose for us. Not really a classy move at all on that one. I don't know if I would honestly go back or not. It was good but not as good as I expected.A truly exceptional restaurant.
Service: the service was so on point. My mom had made a reservation for my birthday here. When we arrived we were seated immediately. The table was so nicely decorated as a surprise for my birthday and the staff gave me a special commemorative menu with my name on it the waitstaff were continuously attentive and gave us excellent recommendations.
Food: The bread was almost like a biscuit which was savory with a hint of sweetness. They also brought the biscuits out one at a time so you always got a fresh one. For the appetizer, we had the lobster dumplings which were delicious but not exceptional for dumplings. 
For entrées we had the Scalibut with lobster risotto that which was delicious perfectly cut with excellent sauces on the side. We also had the red snapper which is flavorful with a little bit of spicy kick to it. Finally we had the grouper which was the most artful presentation and came with crispy plantains and sweet potatoes.
For dessert we had the salty multi ice cream pie which was delicious. As well as the dark chocolate bread putting.
Overall an excellent any experience and will definitely come back when in NolaOne of our favorite dinners while in Nola. Everything was perfect. Service. Food. Ambience. Just do yourself a favor and go.The interior really needs a makeover. It's so 90's "fancy dining" that it's distracting. They were redoing the bar when we were there but still serving people. The service at the bar was slow. It set a bad prescient for the evening. 
Dinner was good but not justifying the price at all. We had lobster dumplings and soft shell crab followed by snapper and steak. All were fine we've had meals just as good for 1/4 of the price. 
Service was really fun and attentive. The staff
Knows how to make people laugh and have a good time. 
Dessert was odd....their dessert selections don't compliment the menu at all. They are very much stand alone things. The kind of dessert you'd come
In for with friends and coffee. They were all Uber rich. Nothing bright or fresh on their menu. 
Over all I'd skip this place and go somewhere with a price point that matches the rest of the city.It was good, but I think I was expecting more. 
It's a beautiful restaurant but I gave it 3 stars because I made a reservation, arrived on time (actually a few minutes early) and still had to wait 10-15 minutes for our table. It looked like other people had to do the same. Also, it is a slightly noisy environment, which is festive, but I think the waiter mumbled the entire time. I could not hear most of what he was saying, even though I asked him to repeat himself a few times and also leaned as far forward towards him as possible. He did not ever increase the volume of his voice. Finally, the portion size was disappointing for the price ($37). I know it is fine dining and not a buffet, but my Scalibut entree was smaller than the size of my hand. I have really small hands! My boyfriend was starving afterwards, and I probably could have eaten another portion. Was I willing to spend $74 to be full? Nope. I figured I'd go load up on some beignets after dinner. 
That being said, the Scalibut was really good and their smoked oysters are amazing. I am not sure I would recommend this restaurant to any of my friends. In fact, I tried GW Fins, thought it was ok and probably will go elsewhere next time.What a wonderful restaurant!  We arrived to find our table decorated with confetti and a take-home personalized menu for our anniversary. For appetizer we had the blue crab pot stickers which were the perfect combination of crispy and moist. My husband ordered the scalibut, a combination of scallops and halibut. He said it was delicious which I had to take his word for as I started to feel really sick (wasn't 100% when I came, not their fault and I was trying to power through as we only have a few days here in New Orleans).  Our waiter was so understanding when I had to cancel my entree, brought me hot tea and took my wine and entree off the bill. They even brought us a celebratory piece of the most amazing salted caramel ice cream pie that I so wished I had the ability to eat more than one bite.  The manager came by and offered seltzer, anything to make me feel better. If we were staying here longer I would absolutely come back because I missed an amazing meal, the service is fantastic.Five star service, appetizers, ambiance, and dessert. However the entrees were a bit bland. I'm hoping this is because we dined at the end of the night....GW Fin's was one of the finer dining experiences I've had the pleasure of experiencing. Executive Chef and co-owner Tenney Flynn chooses fresh fish daily, with roughly 70% of the seafood coming from waters off of the coast of Louisiana. The restaurant has a nice bar to grab flavorful cocktails before enjoying dinner. My table enjoyed both the Lobster Dumplings and BBQ Shrimp as appetizers. With an extensive wine list, it is easy to indulge with a few glasses or even bottles paired with your fish of choice (and that's exactly what I did). For my entrée,I couldn't resist the #1 Yellowfin Tuna. The food was fresh and not over seasoned like most seafood in New Orleans. It was nice to be able to taste the natural flavors of the fish. New Orleans is lucky to have such a beautiful, elegant, and field to table style restaurant in its historic French Quarter.ate here on 7/20/2013
this place is amazing loved every thing about it. we even sat at the bar and it was great.I went here for my birthday a few months ago and it was a great meal. Great ambiance and attentive staff. 
The food was very fresh. We had the sizzling smoked oysters and lobster dumpling as appetizers. For entrees, my friend got this chicken that was on the menu. It was so good!! Never thought chicken could be that flavorful and tender. I ordered the Scalibut, which was also pretty good. I had the house made sorbet for dessert. Can't wait to go back to try more items from the menu :)Wow!  This place was fantastic!
We go there early and went to sit at the bar.  The bar was so nice and bar tender was so much fun.  He helped my husband create a cocktail with cucumbers.
When we were seated, we were given a booth near the top, so you could see the view of the resturant.  The waiter was very nice and gave a lot of good recommendations.  
It was both of our first times trying oysters and they were incredible!  The rest of the food was also very great and the drinks were very good as well.
The ambiance is incredible and perfect for a nice date night.Our waitress did a good job of recommending the top dishes in the restaurant. Really people listen to your waitress. We 2 appetizer the tempura fin wings and the pork belly. They were okay. They do a good job balancing sweet and salty but we are not a fan of that taste combination. The salad under the pork belly is really good. So when you order them, make sure you eat everything on the plate, do not leave out garnishes. They are there to compliment the dish and add dimensions to them. For entrees we had the scalibut and the red snapper. Both are really good but the we love the red snapper more. We expected more from the scalibut. The scalibut got a little dry after a while. Loved our roasted cauliflower. The best cauliflower that I have tasted all my life. I'm not even exagerrating. For dessert we had the apple pie, and the malt caramel cheesecake. Our waitress described the cheesecake as life changing. We were skeptical. While it may not be life changing for us, it definitely is unique and did not dissapoint. We took a shot at the apple pie but we did not like it. Not bcos it wasnt good but we just dont like apple pies. We thought it might change our mind. We were wrong. Overall we will be back for the red snapper, the cauliflower and possibly the cheesecake.This was our best meal in NOLA.  We had the wasabi crusted wahoo and the wood grilled tilefish-amazing flavors.  Wine list was extensive and our waiter gave us excellent advice!!First and foremost, service was absolutely phenomenal! 
Now,  onto the food... 
We read so many reviews on the lobster dumplings. People may want to tar and feather me, but neither the husband nor I were a fan of them. Not sure if it was the sauce or what, but we didn't finish them. 
I do not eat much seafood, so I opted for the filet. A perfectly cooked medium rare filet . As good as expected, but nothing overly impressive. Again, I didn't have high expectations because it isn't a steakhouse, however for the price, it was a good size.
Scalibut is what my husband ordered and he said it was absolutely delicious! He would order it again and recommend to anyone. Definitely worth a stop if you can while visiting New Orleans!The barbecue shrimp and John Dory were mind-blowing. Topped with an excellent side car and friendly service at the bar.No need to look at the menu or ask any questions.  Order the John Dory.  Such an amazing delicate buttery tender and flaky white fish.  All of the seafood is delicious and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  I'll definitely go back.This is on my top list of restaurants. The service was excellent and the food was really good, freshly made. We also had dessert apple pie made from scratch.A favorite for us when we're in New Orleans. Food is always excellent. We especially like the seafood dishes. I had the Pompano, which was delightful. My husband had the scallibut, a restaurant special that's always delicious. Creative and wonderful dishes, excellent service and a lovely ambience.The scalibut was delicious. White flaky halibut crusted with medallions of scallops and served with a buttery sauce is a signature dish. My family ordered the sheepshead (white mild fish) sautéed with capers and brown butter.Had a great meal and evening!  Service was very good, food excellent, reasonably priced wine selection.  Had Parmesan crusted sheepshead, blackened swordfish, and sautéed red snapper with crawfish etouffee.  Blue tuna tartare and lobster potstickers for appetizer.  Not inexpensive but very good value for the money!  Met up to its very good reputation.  Would highly recommend!  Dress code.Off the hook! Outstanding appetizers, superb seafood. Great service,too!The hype on this place is amazing, but unfortunately, the food and atmosphere don't quite live up to it.
First off, I'll discuss atmosphere. The restaurant posts on the door what the dress code is, but they don't enforce it. Plenty of people were walking around inside with jeans. The menu also requests that no phones are used at the table, which given the number number of Yelp review with pictures (including mine) is also a load of crap. If you are going to try to set standards such as those, then you may want to change the following; update the seat covers so they don't look like they came out of a 90's episode of Saved  By The Bell, don't let your wait staff be cheeky with the customers, close off seating so people have privacy like most upscale restaurants do instead a floor plan that's so open you feel like you are eating at a warehouse, change the wall decor to something more end than fake slimy fish bones. Ok? Ok.
Now that we've got that settled, let's move on to what saved this place- the food. For an appetizer, I ordered the lobster dumplings. These were tender and cooked to perfection and were served in a delicious creamy sauce. 
For an entree, I ordered the Scalibut, which was a tasty but albeit weird hybrid of halibut with scallops melded to the top. This dish was cooked well, but was very bland and since the two different fish were stuck together I really couldn't taste either. One side of mine also had a spot hat was full of grit and something hard that tasted like small bones. These things were hard enough I couldn't chew through them so I spit this out. At nearly $40 for a piece of fish, that's not something that should ever be acceptable. 
I'm glad we checked this place out, but with so many excellent options, I don't think I would pick GW Fins again on a future trip. If I'm staring longing out the window at Arnaud's and wishing I was back at the brunch I had that morning while I'm eating this quality of dinner, well, you're doing something wrong.Just go.  Seriously.
Make this your splurge meal, ignore the negative remarks about prices (you ARE one block off the French Quarter after all) and instead focus on the value of the food and experience instead of the outright cost.
For starters, the entire service experience (hostess, bartender, lead server and support) was perfect.  Knowledgeable, perfectly timed, very helpful when choosing between dishes, wine options, etc.
As for the food, top notch.  I've eaten at most of the "name" NOLA restaurants, but if seafood is your thing, go here.  25thHourGal and I shared the lobster dumplings to start.  She then had the shrimp remoulade salad (the perfect fried green tomato in the middle was sublime), I had the triple wedgie (three small sections of iceberg with three different accompaniments and dressings).  For entrees, she had grouper with sweet potato hash and I had the blackened swordfish with mash, sauteed spinach and a couple of heads-on fried shrimp.  Everything was fantastic.
Important note:  The menu changes daily based on what's available, which is a good thing.
For dessert, I'd highly recommend the white chocolate and caramel bread pudding we shared.  Perfect ending to one of the better meals I've ever had.
As an aside, I asked who the GW was in the name and our server raved about Gary Wollerman, the GW in the name, Managing Partner and co-owner (and former COO of Ruth's Chris chain).  He said he was a great boss dedicated to putting a great product out for people who enjoy good wine and food.  I'd say mission accomplished.  I'll make a point of coming back each time I'm in NOLA - and that's saying something.Best seafood meal I've had in A long time. Try the fish wing app. You get was you pay for. Great service.Fantastic experience! The interior was nicely done, with large windows and the tables were large and well spaced. I did not feel like we were on top of the table next to us. The waitstaff was tremendous! There were 3 staff helping us so if there was a question or need for refill someone was there to help in seconds. The food was killer. Two words Lobster Dumplings. Get them, actually get 2 orders because you will be sad when the first batch is gone. My main was perfectly done...swordfish is easy to mess up but incredibly difficult to cook to perfection. We will visit again our next time in town.Waiter wasn't very friendly, however, very knowledgeable. Lobster potstickers were excellent. Same with red snapper entree. After taking some pics of the food, I was told it wasn't allowed. State secret?Service was amazing! We accidentally booked reservations for the wrong day. They still got us a table. The food is amazing as well. Just nice to find a classy restaurant near bourbon street.Excellent service and a nice extensive wine list! We made last minute reservations while in town from Chicago and were pleased to get a nice booth seat. We arrived early for our reservation and sat at the bar and started a bottle of wine which we were able to take to our table. Bartender was friendly and attentive, and the hostess who seated us even thought to trade my white napkin for a black one so I wouldn't get lint on my black pants. The warm biscuits were a treat and when I inquired what was in them to make them a little sweet, our server came back and set a folded letter in front of me...the recipe! We started with the beet salad with arugula, goat cheese, pickled red onion and candied walnuts with a sherry vinaigrette... delicious! They even split it for us on two plates since I was afraid I'd be too full if I had a whole salad myself. For entrees we had the Scalibut (an original creation of Alaskan halibut topped with sea scallops on lobster risotto). It was delicate and tender. A little on the rich side so I couldn't finish it all. My husband had blackened swordfish with a chili sauce of some sort. He gave me a taste and it was excellently seasoned. We were tempted by the Ban-Illa dessert but couldn't eat any more! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone seeking good seafood in the French Quarter!We found GW Fins while out walking around, and since then it's become a must-do for every trip to NOLA.  There are so many good dishes on the menu that we try to go with a few extra people, and share everything.  The wine list is also especially good, and the servers are always so happy. Just a great, upbeat place with spectacular seafood.Wife made reservations at GW Fins for my birthday dinner during our recent visit to New Orleans. It's one of the fancier restaurants off of Bourbon Street and was a nice escape from all the drunk people. 
I was pleasantly surprised at the fairly reasonable prices here. Seafood is definitely the star and while all the dishes have a little flair, the seafood is left to shine without too much sauce. We had lobster dumplings, yellowtail tartar to start, caesar salad, then red snapper and the yellowfin for dinner. All the ingredients were top notch, super fresh and prepared perfectly. The biscuits that they serve is just awesome, I never cared for biscuits, but I think I must've have 5 of these things. 
Coming from Los Angeles, GW Fins is easily as good as many of the 4 star seafood restaurants in Los Angles. 
The only minor complaint I had was that our server wasn't the nicest. She warmed up a little in the middle of our meal but barely came back to check on us which was a shame because we would've ordered many more drinks if she had. I was only able to put one drink order in throughout the whole dinner. 
Overall a great dinner without breaking the bank and was a nice break from the loud and drunken NOLA restaurants.A wonderful meal... order the lobster dumplings and pork belly NO MATTER WHAT! The staff was incredibly kind and attentive. We had a nice romantic dinner there.It lived up to its reputation and our waiter was great!  My favorite is the drum with the chicken cracklings was incredible and the fish was very fresh. Really appreciate the parking validation we were tired of walking by dinner time. Beautiful decor. A little loud.Let me just start off by saying that I'm a vegetarian, so for me to be giving a seafood place five stars is a big deal. I planned my best friend's bachelorette dinner here a few nights ago and everything about it was perfect. All of my interactions with the staff, even starting with the phone call to confirm the reservation, were really friendly. They gave us a table for ten right in the middle of the room, and they had confetti and a special menu printed up with the bride-to-be's name on the table waiting for us with zero prompting from me. The manager stopped by to say hello and make sure we were all having fun. Our waiter, Troy, charmed everyone's socks off before he could even tell us about the specials. And the food -- literally everyone cleaned their plates. My friends are still talking about the lobster dumplings and scallibut. Even my vegetarian gnocchi was incredible, and even the vegan plate they whipped up for my friend had the carnivores in our party drooling and asking to try her fried leeks. The mashed sweet potatoes with bourbon, vanilla, and banana were probably the most delicious food I tried in New Orleans. The salty malty ice cream pie was killer. Basically this was 100% the perfect spot for a celebration: great food, great atmosphere, great people. And even though it was a great spot for a party, it's definitely not rowdy or noisy. It's the perfect mix of fun and upscale.Went there with a big group for a bachelor party weekend and as I'm familiar from many times in NOLA with many restaurants I had always heard how good GW Fins was.  So I recommended it to the group and we were all very impressed!  
First off, the complimentary fresh baked bread rolls were such a great way to get us in love with Fins.  And they kept them coming!  
We also had a plate of the grilled oysters, which were amazing!  It felt like they injected them with flavor, and was just a sensory overload!  We also had the blue crab pot stickers and lobster dumplings.  So on point!
I had the "Scalibut", which was a halibut cut with scallops cooked on top.  The two melded together so well, but yet had a very distinct and individual taste to each.  One of the guys in the group had an melt in your mouth center cut filet that was the envy of those at the table who did not order it.
We were so impressed with the service, and the knowledgeable waiter, who easily handled a table of ten very hungry and very thirsty men.
This will be on my list of places to always go when in my beloved NOLA.The restaurant made its way onto my top 5 list in my first sitting.  I can't wait to go back. 
I loved the team approach by the wait staff, I felt like they were somehow able to know when we needed them, and stay away when we were enjoying ourselves.  
I had the Wedge Salad 3 ways, which was like three salads in one.  The snapper was one of the most perfectly fish dishes I have ever had, and the molten chocolate cake was also one of the bets I have ever had.  For my drink I had the Honey Mint Julep which was also quite good.  The ambiance was quite nice; it was quiet enough that my wife and I could converse without raising our voices. 
I can't wait to return to NOLA so that I can go back to GW Fins.My new favorite restaurant in new Orleans
This is my second time at GW Fins and both dinners were excellent
I was there to celebrate my best friends birthday and they delivered ! The setting and service are very upscale without being stuffy but the food is too die for.
We were a table of four and everyone had something different and all were very satisfiedBest seafood in NOLA - heard that from visitors and locals.  Got a suggestion to have the scalibut which is a signature dish and probably the most popular.   It was amazing - fresh halibut and scallops on a bed of lobster risotto.   My only regret is that I didn't go here two nights in a row.   It was that good.This was our first time here and it was for my husband' birthday. The service is fantastic, food is out of this world!!! I can't say enough they treated us like royalty!!! We can't wait to come back the next visit to New Orleans!!Overall a good experience, but was it the best meal in NOLA...no.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good but not the best in the area which has some of the best restaurants in the country.  GW FIns did not disappoint. The Smoking sizzling oysters were good, the redfish was outstanding and the dessert was delicious!  Service was very attentive so as you can see, I did enjoy the restaurant and would recommend it to friends.OUTSTANDING! The food was absolutely delicious. I started with the lobster dumplings and wahoo ceviche. For dinner I had the parmesan crusted sheepshead fish on a bed of spinach. The menu changes daily and it has a lot of different local fresh fish.This place is awesome! You want to take your wife out for a good meal you cannot do better. Lobster dumplings were amazing! Light and tasty .Scalibut & scallops for main entrees- every bite was delicious. Service (we had Juan for waiter) was friendly, attentive, perfect! Room is beautiful! Can't say enough about what a great meal we had here. We will be backThis was the last restaurant I visited during a good weekend of not one disappointing meal (including "lucky's" hot dog cart).  We were in a tough spot on Sunday night because we all agreed we wanted to have a nice meal, but none of us had a jacket and some of us only had tennis shoes.  This coupled with the fact it was 7 PM on a Sunday (when many venues are closed) and we needed a reservation for 7 people I didn't expect much.  We got lucky and were able to score a table at GW Fins for 9:15 PM.  This  is a good spot for many reasons, but certainly one is the casual rules with respect to attire.  Usually when you eat at a restaurant that is considered fine dining you'd be self concious with tennis shoes, but I didn't notice a thing.  The bar is very large and dark.  I believe it's an oak bar.  The bartender was nice and even though they didn't have guiness on tap they did have a guiness draught bottle.  We were probably seated at about 9:30 PM.  After we were seated we received these delicious buttery sweet biscuits.  They were awesome, but I'm sure loaded with calories and fat.  NOLA is a tough town for watching your waistline.  However, we must have walked five miles a day in 100 degree weather, so hopefully that helps... anyways, the server was pretty good, but for some reason can't remember his name.  They are like a lot of restaurants now, with a main server and then server "helpers".  It took a lot for me not to just eat those wonderful biscuits, but I was able to refrain myself so I could order.  They had a great wine selection and I think we settled on two bottles of red that Samantha chose.  I actually prefer white especially with seafood, but these bottles were reasonable priced and delicious (can't remember their names either)... results of the tail end of a long weekend.  I stuck with a few appetizers instead of ordering a whole entree'.  I started with the tuna tartare, which was served two ways.  The first was simply sushi grade tuna sliced thin.  The quality was excellent and perfect with a touch of soy and wasabi sauce.  I wasn't as pleased with the other preparation which was finely chopped and shaped into cones.  It was paired with cucumber chunks.  Overall, I just didn't think this worked for me.  It also was served ice cold.  I mean you don't want your raw fish to be warm, but ice cold removes much of the flavor.  A friend ordered a crab bisque, which was pretty good, but not too memorable to me.  I also ordered the lobster dumplings which were a little above average.  The ravioli was homemade and their was a good amount of lobster.  I think most people would really like this dish, but it wasn't my "cup of tea".  I tried the soft shell crabs, which were awesome.  This was my favorite dish and I've been eating a lot of these since they are in season.  These were the best I've had recently.  It was not overcooked and the breading was light and the meat juicy.  Served with a nice butter sauce.  I wanted to sample the fish, but simply couldn't,,,, next time.... Okay, time to go to the gym.What a great dinner!! From the wait staff to G.W. himself, it was a first class experience! The entree recommendations did not disappoint. The Parmesan crusted sheepshead was tasteful and the okra & gumbo made it delicious. GW Fins is a must try!Excellent restaurant with spectacular service.  On a recent trip to NOLA we had the pleasure of dining at Fins.  We began sharing a nice salad which was split between the both of us, which came with fried green tomatoes, beautiful shrimp, fricassee with a remoulade dressing that was fabulous. My spouse had the scalabut, which was halibut with scallops in a mild sauce that she loved.  I had the red snapper with a creole sauce, the fish was great but IMO the sauce could have used a little more zip  but this was a very good entree.  They provide homemade biscuits that were marvelous and kept coming.  They have a nice wine list with very high end wines and a nice mid priced selection.  Service was professional and excellent and was far and away the best we experienced in NOLA.  Great place!The stand out that I would definitely tell anyone to go back for was the crispy pork belly with watermelon.  Holy pig that was so good.  My husband and I both agreed we should have just ordered 5 of those.  The rest of the food was decent but overall not impressive.  The scalibut tasted like fancy mass produced wedding food.  The lobster dumplings were okay but unremarkable, the BBQ shrimp were pretty flavorful but also really salty.   And the shrimp salad?  Meh.  So 5 stars for the crispy pork belly and 3 for the rest.The best meal we have had in a while!  The entire experience was incredible. The service was impeccable. The food was top notch. The preparation of the drum was amazing and like nothing we have ever tasted.  Get the lobster dumplings!  We cannot wait to return.