i went with my nagging family even though i dont eat animal meats. the service was good what i dont appreciate is the paraben containing wipe that they hand you afterwards.I finally got in here, they have been packed since they opened!!!  Ginny, our server, was amazing and so nice. And then there was the food...  We had almost everything, including the Samurai Flight and it was all to die for!  We also ordered the Harami Beef and I couldn't get enough of it!  The decor was super cool as well.  I highly recommend this place, if you can get inthe food and service here was on point!! 9/10! The quality was supurb too! I wish though that they had more marinate on the high quality meat but that's a minor gripe. I would definitely come back with my girlfriend when I'm craving Japanese Korean bbq again!Such a cute, upscale environment with great choice in music! The service was amazing and so was the food! It was such a fun experience ,similar to the melting pot, but better! The meats to grill were well seasoned and flavorful. I'm definitely returning.This place is amazing! They are in their soft opening until Saturday (grand opening) so don't expect to be seated without reservations. We just returned from Japan a few months ago and have been craving good Japanese food ever since - this place hits the spot and made us feel like we were back in Japan! We ordered a la carte because there were very specific things we wanted to try. We ordered the addicting spicy cucumbers, garlic noodles (OMG!), and multiple cuts of beef and pork with our favorite being the prime kalbi. The Lady M matcha crepe cake was also delicious! And Asahi on draft? In heaven. The staff are still training but did a great job and were very attentive, with similar expedient and polite service we experienced in Japan. I already can't wait to come back!Great food, great service. The poke nachos, miso chili wings and the Japanese fried chicken were great appetizers. All the meats served were very well marinated and there was barely any smell of smoke on my clothes when I left the restaurant. Neat little grills they have. 10/10 would go again.Everything was phenomenal! We had great service, food was amazing, atmosphere was fun. We will definitely be back again !Soooo good! The service is great! Dianna was our server. The food is very flavorful and not overly salty. The Japanese fried chicken app was tender and juicy. The garlic noodles with ground chicken were so good we ordered a second bowl! Favorite meat was the Harami skirt steak. The shrimp and mushrooms were also delish. Already made our second reservation to come back!Great service.  Great food.  All the meats we ordered turned out delicious.  My favorites were the harami in secret pot & harami skirt steak.  Other dishes I would def order again are the garlic fried noodles & beef tongue w/scallion sauce.  The Lady M green tea crepe for dessert is a must if you're here.
I hope to dine here again very soon.I have had Gyu-Kaku in a couple of other cities so I'm excited to have one open here in New Orleans. Staff were very friendly the second you walk in. Our waitress was very attentive and informative on the menu and the cook time for the items we ordered. My favorite was the Harami in the pot. The meat was well-marinated and tender. Other recommendations are the kalbi, beef tongue with a side of green onion and lemon, and garlic noodles (so good, I forgot to take a pic).Finally, New Orleans's very own Japanese BBQ located downtown! Once you walk in, the waiters will greet you with a Japanese welcome which makes you feel a part of the family! 
For those who are indecisive, like me, you'll have a tough time choosing from the menu, because there is a such a wide selection of cuisines to choose from! Gyu Kaku has ramen, udon noodles, barbeque....literally so many things to choose from! 
My favorites from my first night eating here would be the toro beef and the garlic noodles! The garlic noodles packed a big punch of flavor and omg.. I just have to go back to get some. The toro beef cooks pretty fast, and is very very tender and fatty! Love it. 
This was just my first experience, and definitely won't be my last. See you real soon Gyu-Kaku!Had the pleasure to dine here and everything was absolutely amazing. The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and quick. Best part is the smokeless grill, you won't leave the place smelling like BBQ. Garlic noodles and the miso butter Salmon was scrumptious. Definitely will be back!First off, finding the place can be kind of confusing. The GPS lead us to right in front of barcadia and we thought the restaurant was next to it but no, where barcadia is on the corner, make a right onto that street and go all the way down. The restaurant will be on your left. There's no big signage to show you where it is. I'm assuming based on the other reviews, we were behind the restaurant. It told us to go down some weird alley but we just called them and asked for instructions on how to get there. We had a reservations and was like 10 min late but not a big issue. We had trouble finding parking so we parked in a lot and it cost $20 freaking dollars with tax. What a rip off. Now onto the actual restaurant review... 
Walking in we were greeted, I believe the host calls out something saying guest have arrived and the whole restaurant "welcomes" you in but I don't understand what they say. That's what my friend said to me lol. Our server came by and introduced himself and asked if we wanted him to explain the menu, but we've been to gyu before just not that location so we knew how it worked. 
We put in an order for the meat lovers combo for two and also got extra gyu salad on the side, a spicy tuna volcano and the geisha and coco mo drink. Everything came out in a timely manner and they explain everything to you from how long to cook each meat to which sauce to use with it. 
Appetizers for the combo are miso soup, half gyu salad, white rice, edamame, and Japanese fried chicken. I enjoyed everything. Japanese fried chicken was delicious! Crispy and comes with some really good dipping sauce. Edamame is just like any other place and the salad is my FAVE that's why we ordered two more. They include six meats which were all okay to me. But my fave cuts are always the thinner ones and I personally don't care for a sweet marinade so it honestly became overwhelming after a while. I prefer my meats either with a savory marinade or none at all so I can dip it in the sauce but I appreciate the quality of the meats. Tender and juicy. S'mores for dessert was a great little treat. It was a nice ending to a rather filling and fatty meal. 
Overall my experience went well. Service was great and our grill was changed out often so it never burned. I didn't really leave smelling like bbq which I appreciate. The workers work together and help clear plates or bring you something you need. I believe it was the owner who popped by and asked how everything was and that was also nice. I'll be back in the future and would most likely do a la carte to get meat I like and try different menu items.Been here twice. I love the service and food. The drinks was "just ok" though, not something to brag about lol . but all the foods were amazing!! I did have reservations both times I went so I don't have any complaints about the wait and seating. I do wish that they have a baby changing table in the bathroom though. Mike (the manager i believe) was professional and checked on us many times during both times I visited. THey have cute baby booster seats for your little ones. I look forward to future visits with this establishment.The food is amazing!!! Mike who is the manager, OMG....He is supper sweet, friendly & professionalWaited for about a hr to be seated. Well worth the wait. Had the Meat Lover's and Veggie garlic noodle. Garlic noodle is a must try. The edamame was cooked perfectly and salad was just the right amount. The Japanese Fried Chicken did taste like Chick Fil a a little. The recommended for 2 can actually feed 3-4 people. Service was superb. A+Since I went home to visit family that came from across the country for a memorial, and knew that it was their grand opening, I had to reserve.     
I originally reserved a table to take my siblings out to try the food. They are a traditional family that would prefer to cook and eat at home, so this was my opportunity to take them out and treat them.   They ended up changing their mind last minute, so I decided upon taking 10 of my nieces and nephews ( high school/college age).      From being greeted upon arrival to leaving the restaurant, the staff was very COURTEOUS and KNOWLEDGEABLE, explaining every detail of the products that were being brought out to how to cook them.     There were like 10 different waitstaff that would come by to check up on us.  The kids asked ALOT of questions and the staff was very patient in answering their questions.     They may be youngsters, but they love to EAT! 
With a few picky eaters and a vegetarian in the family, having different meat options and vegetarian items  on the menu for them worked out great!   
Food: I ordered the Shogun for 6 people and then let them order a la carte on the items they liked.   
Hirami in Secret Pot, Toro Beef, Garlic Noodle, Kobe Short Rib, Miso Butter Salmon seemed to be the winners with this group!  
Dessert:  Can't go wrong with the Green Tea Crepe! We ordered 3 and it was all devoured!  
I plan on making many more trips here when the family comes together again.Ecstatic because we finally have a location in NOLA. Now we won't have to travel out of state to enjoy this delicious place. They're still having their soft opening, so reservations are required. We followed the GPS and somehow landed on the opposite side of the entrance. It's actually located on the corner of Lafayette and Magazine with street parking. 
The ambiance was nice and clean. They do wipe down the chairs, so be careful sitting down after a newly flipped table because I definitely sat down and had my pants wet. It's ok though, at least I know they took the effort to clean each surface. 
The staff were welcoming and attentive. Granted it's their soft opening, and they're basically still in training (there was a sign on the door), everyone did pretty well. Hopefully the service will stay the same once they actually start rolling. Our server took his time and went over each page of the menu and gave recommendations. 
They offer a wide variety of meat and veggies selections, a la cart or you can simply choose a preselected meal for party of two or more. Everything we ordered were delicious! Well, wait. I probably wouldn't order the cheese fondue topping again. Definitely save room for the Lady M green tea crepe cake with ice cream.
I do wonder why they don't offer happy hour like other locations? It can get pricey if you have a problem like us, where you over order because you want everything or when your eyes are hungrier than your stomach (is that the right saying?). Also, the restrooms are a little out of the way. It's in the connecting area that's under construction.
Glad to have y'all here, Gyu-kaku!First time I had it was in Houston. I'm sure glad they opened one up here in NOLA. Great food, great service, parking is sometimes hard due to being downtown but really worth the effort for the food. Tuna poke nachos And calamari are a must for appetizers. The skirt steaks (hirami and bistro), the toro, and kalbi are great meats to choose. This place is awesome.I was in town for work and found this place on yelp, needless to say the place was packed when I got there. So I ended up sitting at the bar waiting for a table and ordered some appetizers that Ricky the bartender recommended. The portions and the food were awesome, I end up making a dinner out of it. Killer food, I plan on going back again while I'm here and do their BBQ.We had initially dined here when they first opened  and we we're pleased beyond belief. I am extremely picky about receiving excellent service becaus I am a Barber and I am able to sustain a comfortable lifestyle all due to my customer toward my clients.
My wife has worked in the fine dining industry for years, and also gives credit to a restaurant for quality and customer service, but is more forgiving than I am when we dine out for obvious reasons. 
Today we visited this restaurant for the second time...this time with our daughter and she absolutely loved it due to the large variety on the menu (win-win situation in my opinion for a whole family lunch/dinner).  I always ask her where she would like to eat, but today I didn't give here a choice.  I was that convinced that she would be happy with my decision. 
We we're excited when Virginia greeted us and told us that she was going to be our server for two reasons:  first because we were extremely pleased with the service that we had received from Virginia our first time dining in, and second because  I knew that since she was still working here, the operation was still running smoothly and this business was not cutting corners in any type of way. 
Virginia thoroughly explained the menu to us again just as she did the first time and we received the same exemplary customer service from her, from an assistant manager and a manager during our dining experience.  I need to give a thumbs up to the manager and assistant manager because they were helping servers run food to tables, as well as helping pick up spent dishes and refill beverages as well.  This whole was working as a team!  The food was excellent and the quality hadn't changed since our first time there a few months ago  This is an extremely smooth operation and it was an absolute pleasure dining in today. We will definitely be back and I will spread the word to my clients.Really good food and service!! Best dinner ever!! Good meat options and BBQ! All the workers were very nice and friendly! All the food came out in a timely manner!Ordered quite a lot of good food. Garlic noodles is nice, spicy cold tofu is great, tuna nachos is so-so, the salad is decent, the lady m cake is amazing and the BBQ of different meats are good too, we two people should have ordered 3 kinds od meat and a bit of a stretch for 4, when we have so many other dishes. The service is fast, clear and nice. Highly recommend.We paid to UBER to this restaurant where they claimed to have full reservations but only one table in the entire restaurant full. Though fully staffed they claimed to be under a "soft opening" and refused us service.We wanted to try something different than the usual Creole food in New Orleans, which we enjoyed while there. We found this restaurant on Yelp and it did not disappoint. My husband and I got the $60 meal deal for 2 and it was a ton of food. We had 6 different plates with different cuts of beef and every plate had different flavor and so tender. From the soup to the salad to the rice and the beef, everything was delicious. We loved the concept of grilling everything on the little grill in the middle of the table. You finish the meal with freshly made S'mores. Our waitress was very helpful, explained everything for us and kept changing the grill. And at the end we were offered complementary green tea. We only wish there was a close one to where we live.
I definitely recommend this restaurant even for a big groupThey didn't accept our opentable reservations!! Our reservation with opentable was at 6:30, we got there on time but she said it's an hour and half wait!!!! We left.I love Gyu-Kaku! One of the best Japanese BBQ chain restaurant! I'm so happy they brought it here to nola and It is a MUST try hands down..from all the sides, drinks, different type of flavorful tender meats and of course the awesome service! I will definitely be back!Super rude management. DO NOT COME HERE. As soon we walked in they refused to serve us because we didn't have reservation. The front door lady tried sit us at the bar and the rude manager kicked us out right away because we weren't 'friend or family'. Really disappointed in this establishment ... me and my friends and family have been gyu Kaku fans for 10+ years. Will never ever visit this location again. Please note that all other reviews here are from the managers family. LolWe had a great time at Gyu-Kaku. The service was impeccable and food was delicious.
Spicy cucumber - 7/10. I was expecting something more spicy, but it was still tasty and good!
Japanese Fried Chicken - 9/10. Our server described this as chick-fil-a on steroids and he was right. Chicken was super juicy and the dipping sauce was perfectly spiced. 
Garlic Noodle - 8/10. I liked them a lot, but they are very garlic-y. The name doesn't lie. 
For meats we got duck breast, prime Kalbi, harami skirt steak, and yaki shabu. Everything was juicy and marinated well. The dipping sauces for the meats are encouraged and versatile. The duck breast was the shining underdog of the meats! Give it a try! 
Fruit sorbet - 6/10. $4 was a little steep for small cubes of sorbet I felt. 
Lady M crepe cake - 10/10. If you don't get this, your priorities aren't straight. Best crepe cake I've ever had and the ice cream on the side was perfect.
I would 100% come back! They also have nice virgin cocktail options if you don't drink.So glad we came here while visiting  from out of town! This was such a fun and unique dining experience that Locals and tourists need to try. It was hard to turn down the Samarai, a four course meal for 4, priced at only $130 TOTAL! What a steal!! Especially when I found out how much food we actually got with the meal. We were so full, but everything was delicious.
As they bring the food out, they give you instructions about how to cook it. With several meat dishes they let us know how long to cook it on each side before turning it. In between every 1 to 2 dishes they replaced the grate of the burner so there was no residue from the previous dish. 
They even bring dessert. With this meal we had Smore's. Talk about channeling your inner child :)Definitely get reservations and bring friends for the experience. The salad, soup and appetizers were excellent. The katsu chicken was hot tender and juicy. The meats were out of this world good. Marinated aged beef, short ribs and miso flavored meats were really fun to grill. The service was excellent and the fire grilled s'more at the end was a great ending to a meat-coma inducing dinner.Great Place! Love the tuna poke nachos! And the bartender Ricky is AWESOME. Familiar with the menu, helpful & honest. ^^^^^^^Went to dinner on a Tuesday. It was delicious. We got the Gyu-Kaku dinner for two. $70 not a bad price. Since it was out first time, the server Told us how to cook each item and for how long. We got the first few meats and was getting full when she bought out the last 3. Wow. That dinner was more than enough for two. We had to stuff it down as it was so good. Along with the s'mores dessert we ordered the fried banana. Prefect. The drinks were good too. The service was good. Hope to get back here again soon to try all the other menu items.I would probably give this place a 3.5 stars if there was the option of doing that on Yelp.
Came here after making a reservation on open table on a Saturday night. Came with a group of friends and we ordered one of the set menus and some sides. 
We ordered the Samurai for 4 people, cucumber, fried chicken, cold tofu. The Japanese fried chicken looked nothing like what was depicted in the menu. The menu made it look like they were bone in chicken but when we got the actual dish it was boneless chicken. It still had good flavor but I was expecting something else. It must've been really busy this Saturday night because we didn't get much attention from the waiters after we got seated. 
They bring your meat out for you in different sessions and we had to wait quite someTime in between each session for our next meats. We didn't even end up getting the vegetables from the set menu until the very end when we got our dessert so needless to say we didn't really enjoy the vegetables. The only meets that I really enjoyed in the set menu where the Harami secret pot and the Kalbi meet. The rest of the meats in the set menu were average. We probably also asked for water 5 to 6 times and the waiter only came back maybe once during those request. 
There also must be some communication difficulties as well because we had asked some questions to the waitress and she would bring back some food and have forgotten what we had asked and had to run back to the kitchen to doublecheck. They need to have either more attention to the customers dining there or maybe more staff because it seems like our one waiter was waiting on three or four of the tables in the back but had a difficult time attending our table.I love this place! Came here in for a mini vacation and it was just absolutely inviting and the food and ambiance is amazing!!I love it I love it I love it!!!!! This place is fantastic. I love the experience of being able to cook your own food, it allows you to dine at your own pace. Service is always superb. Dranks are hitting (lychee saketini)!!! We've tasted so much off the menu because we've gone twice since they've opened. I love the garlic fried rice, garlic shrimp, filet, Kobe ribs, skirt steak!!!! Omg my mouth is watering lol. I'll be back over and over agin. Very reasonably priced as well. I'd make a reservation Bc it seems to get busy.Ginny with the beautiful green eyes was was super sweet. Shout out to Ginny! Only 4% of the worlds population has green eyes. 
Great service. Sat down immediately. Waters were refilled and food came out quick. 
Favorite of all was the garlic noodles with shrimp. Best noodles in the world!!! And the shrimp is always so fresh and tasty here.Really fun concept! All of the meats were delicious, most especially the duck and the skirt steak, and the service (Dominic) was impeccable. It was surprisingly filling, so I'd recommend being conservative when you order. We're definitely looking forward to coming back.Had a really fun experience at Gyu-kaku. I had never been to one before and was a bit overwhelmed by the extensive menu at first. My awesome server, Ginny, gave me a great run through and some solid reccomendations; the Tuna Nachos are my favorite. All in all, it was a unique and exciting dining experience I got to enjoy with friends from out of town. The food was great and the service was exceptional. Thanks again, Ginny!Love this place. Will definitely come back. Food and service was on point. Dessert is a must. Ask for Lady M's Green Tea Crepe with Ice Cream. You will regret it if you don't.UPDATE:  Ginny is still amazing!  We love that she is always willing to offer suggestions, even if it means more work for her.  What a lovely evening.  Thanks again, Ginny!!
Ginny is simply the best!  What a positive, cheerful young lady!  She MADE the already fantastic meal a wonderful experience.   Dining should always be this way.Definitely a must! Tonight was their grand opening and there were no reservations available. Husband and I really wanted to check this place out so decided to take a chance with walking in. Figured we could hang at the bar. There was a wait but we enjoyed ourselves at the bar. Lycee mojito was the bomb along with apps such as the tuna nachos! The staff was able to get us a table. The bbq was ah-mazing! Service was ah-mazing! Price is really good too! I can't rave about it enough! Such a fun experience! Do yourself a favor and go!Came here while in New Orleans for my wife's birthday. 
Very tasty food, the spicy cabbage salad was really good. And the garlic noodles were really good as well. Very flavorful. I got the fried rice, it was good, but i could do without it. 
We got the veggies for the grill. They were good, however, i think next time we will probably just order the veggies separately. 
4 stars only because i would've liked to have an option for different marinades for the veggies. Overall though, it was a really good restaurant and we look forward to trying the one by home.Great japanese BBQ spot. A little pricey but the service and food was excellent! Make sure you request for Kenny!!! He gave amazing recommendations and guided us through the whole process, making sure to take great care of us. We'll definitely be sitting with him next time.Great food! Our server was on point. Bartender made a stiff ass gin. The food portions were perfect.This is one of my favorite places in the Dallas area and I am so excited that they've opened one in New Orleans!! If you've never had this, let me run it down for you real quick.. you get your personal grill (depending on what day you go) you either order all you can eat or your dishes one by one. The waiter will bring your meats and they will be raw. You cook it on the group in front, they give you cook times, and eat when ready! Grills can get dirty and the waiter swaps em. Let's eat!Everything else is fine but we found a piece of iron floss in the tofu chigae soup. It was disgustingI was not a fan. The service was just Ok and often we didn't see our server for long periods. The food quality reminded me of the Costco freezer section. The cheese wontons were not good. The ramen was ok but somewhat bland. The meat didn't seem the best quality and it was hard to get our vegetables to cook properly. I was hoping at least the sides would come prepared. It was too much to keep up with and enjoy dinner conversation. I did enjoy the spicy tuna roll appetizer, the fried rice patties on them were sweet. Overall it wasn't horrible, but I do not see myself returning.The best Japanese barbecue in New Orleans!! Phenomenal service !! And the food is amazingthis place was amazing! best matcha green tea cake ever!!!! the bbq was amazing. service amazing. food fire flames like hells kitchen. server amazing duy the bestEverything is wonderful here! Highly recommended. Service was great. Very lovely atmosphere! Waiters are very attentive and the food...delicious! So glad New Orleans finally has a location opened!Went here for date night and though we had to wait a little while for a table, despite having reservations, the rest of the experience was top-notch! The food was fabulous - we ordered the dinner for two and all of the food was excellent. We lived in Japan for several years and it felt very authentic. It was a great experience all around, especially the service! We really enjoyed it, will be back soon!Great place to eat at, hang out at, and have a good time at this place have many types of beef one thing to try is a beef bowl rice and try the Japanese fried chicken taste amazing with the mayo chili sauce and we often get the $60 meal set which was quite filling we had 6 people today so we got 3 beef rice, $60 meal planned, and dried age meat with just that we are feeling quite full it was so delicious and good to eat their ramen based off of previous experience was not the best but still good their drinks I haven't tried personally but they are quite the price for a smoothie it cost at least $6 or more I'm not sure how much it cost but surely more than $5 hopefully this will be helpful to y'all who most likely come to eat here !!! I also want to say they have the best customer service here!!!!!Great for meeting up, dining and cooking in your own space. Huge menu of different meat selections, from marinated premium beef to chicken pork and duck breast. My fav meat is the harami skirt steak in secret sauce. One dish that staff cooks for you. Highly recommend saving room for Lady M crepe, if you're into desserts! Ask for Dhavies, he's pretty attentive!Gyu-Kaku first of all is a chain restaurant. I say this because they do not modify their ramen broths. The broths are premade and cannot be made more spicy on request. Secondly, their happy hour starts fairly early, but does not offer many options. The entire menu may say happy hour, but only the red lettering indicates happy hour. If going for just the Korean bbq, then you can get a pretty good deal for two during happy hour for just $50. My husband and I just really wanted noodles. We ordered the Kalbi ramen and bacon chips. First the bacon chips were so fried and battered that you cannot tell that there is any pork in it. It is also served with a side dish of salt and lemon. We highly recommend using them, because the chips are very very plain. Secondly, the KALBI ramen. If you're a ramen condeseur, (i guess the waiter thought i was) the broth is thicker than average ramen broths, and has an slight adobo chili taste. It wasn't really what i would expect for Kalbi. Lastly, to make things a little less tasteful, the egg was not marinated or soft boiled. The hard boiled egg threw me for a loop. In the end, everything was edible for the most part, but i would not come for a ramen. Last tip is, the restrooms are located in a weird hallway that connects to another part of the building that isn't part of the restaurant. If you're prone to getting lost between your table and the bathroom like me, then this is terrifying.Def love this place. Quite pricey because the portions are small and so you'd want to get more stuff for the grill but for the quality of meat you get on the grill makes it worth. Def wouldn't go every week but once in a while or special occasion would be lovely. There are always great lunch deals for people who are looking more on the price side tho. I would say if you are a light eater then you could possibly come often but for someone like me who enjoys indulging on food and spoiled by korean bbq places in Houston for the quarter for the price... yep can get pretty expensive. The service is good and I love the lychee mojito :)Service was great, the servers were very attentive, the food is bryond amazing. First time here, and definitely coming back in the future.Great atmosphere , good food & a fun experience ! Thanks , Big Ant for the outstanding service !I mean WOW!! What an amazing dining experience! We were there for a birthday celebration with a party of 7 and I tell you this was such good consistent food! The options, the sauces, the table grills, the professionalism, all top notch! Food was amazing, service was top level! I Highly recommend! They even have happy hour M-F!!! Check them out, you will not be disappointed!Duy has great beef... and veggies. This review is too short so I am typing more. And more...My husband and son had been to a Gyu-Kaku in Orlando and just were sooo excited to share this experience with the family. We had a large party - 7 adults and 3 children 4 and under. Thank goodness we had reservations so we were seated right away. Then, we waited...it was almost 15 minutes before the manager came by and asked if we've been served. That seemed to jump start our service. Everything was on point, with the exception of drinks, we had to ask for refills. All that having been said, the atmosphere was fantastic and the food was just excellent. The meat, fish and vegetables were very fresh and seasoned well...I only added seasoning to few items. We'll definitely be back!This is one of my TOP-FIVE all time favorite restaurants literally ever. Any location is A-1 (I've been in Houston and Dallas also) but this New Orleans chain is top notch. The food is ALWAYS amazing and never disappoints! The service here is sooo great and friendly! RICKY the bartender was so great, friendly, and makes BOMB drinks! Definitely coming to sit with him again! This is my 3rd weekend coming in a row because I just can't get enough! GREAT JOB!It was my first time going to this establishment with a couple of friends and I enjoyed the food and ambiance.
My waiter, Peter, went above and beyond to inform me of how long it would take to cook one of the menu items and give us some superb suggestions! 
I will be coming back again in a few days and hopefully I can request Peter to be my server again.
To finish off the meal, I highly recommend getting Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe and Fried Banana cheesecake w/ ice cream! =)I was excited to try the concept at Gyu-Kaku. The staff was helpful and informative when explaining everything from how to use the barbecue grill and how to get the best option for your party size from the menu. We got some of everything from hanger steak, toro beef, and filet mignon. We also got some vegetables; zucchini, mushrooms, onions and also noodles. Their menu allows you to try a lot of different things which is great. The meal comes with a salad, soup and rice. We enjoyed trying all the different meats and it's a fun experience grilling your own food. Even though Gyu-Kaku is a franchise, it seems to be pretty authentic.First off, finding the place can be kind of confusing. The GPS lead us to right in front of barcadia and we thought the restaurant was next to it but no, where barcadia is on the corner, make a right onto that street and go all the way down. The restaurant will be on your left. There's no big signage to show you where it is. I'm assuming based on the other reviews, we were behind the restaurant. It told us to go down some weird alley but we just called them and asked for instructions on how to get there. We had a reservations and was like 10 min late but not a big issue. We had trouble finding parking so we parked in a lot and it cost $20 freaking dollars with tax. What a rip off. Now onto the actual restaurant review... 
Walking in we were greeted, I believe the host calls out something saying guest have arrived and the whole restaurant "welcomes" you in but I don't understand what they say. That's what my friend said to me lol. Our server came by and introduced himself and asked if we wanted him to explain the menu, but we've been to gyu before just not that location so we knew how it worked. 
We put in an order for the meat lovers combo for two and also got extra gyu salad on the side, a spicy tuna volcano and the geisha and coco mo drink. Everything came out in a timely manner and they explain everything to you from how long to cook each meat to which sauce to use with it. 
Appetizers for the combo are miso soup, half gyu salad, white rice, edamame, and Japanese fried chicken. I enjoyed everything. Japanese fried chicken was delicious! Crispy and comes with some really good dipping sauce. Edamame is just like any other place and the salad is my FAVE that's why we ordered two more. They include six meats which were all okay to me. But my fave cuts are always the thinner ones and I personally don't care for a sweet marinade so it honestly became overwhelming after a while. I prefer my meats either with a savory marinade or none at all so I can dip it in the sauce but I appreciate the quality of the meats. Tender and juicy. S'mores for dessert was a great little treat. It was a nice ending to a rather filling and fatty meal. 
Overall my experience went well. Service was great and our grill was changed out often so it never burned. I didn't really leave smelling like bbq which I appreciate. The workers work together and help clear plates or bring you something you need. I believe it was the owner who popped by and asked how everything was and that was also nice. I'll be back in the future and would most likely do a la carte to get meat I like and try different menu i
Update: March 17, 2019 
First time going on a Sunday and this visit was the one that will have me as a returning customer forever. I am already a regular and they never fail to go above and beyond with service. Where's my 6 star button? Our wait wasn't too long, but we checked in before our reservation time and sat at the bar. Ricky introduced himself and asked if we wanted to order drinks or apps while we wait to let him know. We didn't, but he offered water shortly after anyways. Btw, he makes a good drink! Our server My was very sweet and hard working despite being understaffed. I always see the managers helping and being hands on while checking on customers, that's exactly what you need in a restaurant. They even comped our drinks for us, so nice of them to do. I'm always willing to pay for good food and service that's great so I really appreciated that gesture. Give them a visit if you haven't! The experience is awesome for first timers and the food is always good. I'm sure you won't be let down.The food was awesome, the service great, loved the atmosphere. Tyler was our server and we absolutely loved him. Thanks Tyler!Legit good! New to the scene in New Orleans and we made reservations to go! Arrived early and not a problem. They sat us promptly and our waitress came immediately over. She took our drinks and explained the menu in detail. We were a party of 8 and ended up getting the shogun platter! Let me tell you, this is enough food for 20 people! So good! We were so stuffed by the time dessert came, but we did end up eating it. So simple and so good! A must go to if you're in town! Highly recommend!I've eaten at gyu in many other cities so I was pretty stoked when I heard they were coming to New Orleans.
We ordered an assortment of the popular meats, wings, spicy cucumber, and salad. The meats are always marinated with wonderful flavors. The only one that I didn't care for was the cube steak. A little on the harder side. All in all, I've never had a bad experience at gyu before and coming here, still received A1 service! Our waitress changed the grill once it got a little burnt.
This was my first time trying their fried cheese cake ice cream and OMG..it was delicious!  Liked it more than the green tea crepe cake, tbh.Gyu-Kaku is by far one of the best experiences my family has had, not just at a Japanese BBQ restaurant, any restaurant. We had a reservation for 8 and due to being very busy, we had to be split up. What looked to be a very poor experience turned out to be one of the best! The owner Kai sat and apologized for having to split us up and offered to fix it by getting each table an appetizer. We were very appreciative by the gesture of good will, the fact that they acknowledged it was above and beyond what we expected. Soon after before the food started to arrive the table next to us opened up and they offered to move our other party next to us. Father's day was back on in full swing, the food came out and we had an amazing time grilling and enjoying the assortment of meats that were brought to us. Our family really enjoyed this place and the hospitality that was provided. We will definitely be back!So happy they finally opened. I've been waiting for months for this place to open and I sure wasn't disappointed. 
The service and atmosphere was great. Everyone is very attentive and very friendly. 
The food was delicious. My favorite is the Harami in Secret Pot. We cooked ours medium rare. It was so good, the flavor and texture was savory and perfectly seasoned.  
My table also got the sukiyaki and the pork sausage bibimbap, so good. 
Can't wait to go back to try their noodles and soup.
Hopefully they add the happy hour special menu. ^_^Our waiter Peter was amazing! He made sure everything we ordered was as we expected. We was also greeted by Michael, the manager. He constantly came back to make sure we was okay & made sure we had everything we asked for.Had gyu Kaku in Osaka japan and the New Orleans location doesn't disappoint! Highly recommend the garlic noodles, Hirami in a pot, and spicy cucumbers! I have been twice and the service is great each time.I have been to many other Gyu-Kaku ( Vegas, Houston, Atlanta & Cali ). I was so excited when Nola finally have one. The Hubby and I love grilled food and we can't wait to go here. The parking and the drive here is a hassle, but that's how downtown Nola are. Enough said, the food tasted great, staffs are very nice and the place are very clean and cozy. We enjoy dinning there and would recommended this place for our friends and family.Food was great. A group of 7 girls were able to finish the Samurai dinner plus a couple added meats for the grill. Shoutout to our server Duy! U rock.Great place for Jap. BBQ downtown! We loved going for happy hour. Some great deals! No wait at all. Staff was extremely friendly and very attentive. Will definitely be back!Great service! Peter was our server and he was very attentive and friendly. We had a little trouble with our grill and when Peter noticed he admittedly apologized and sat us at a new table. Would highly recommend this place.I traveled 30 minutes to try this new venue and upon arrival they refused my party service for a business meeting. They claimed they were booked but had every table available in the restaurant but 2. Though I'm unable to comment on the food, terrible customer service. We will not be back.Am quite the K-BBQ connoisseur and this blew me away. The quality of the meats were top notch and unlike more Korean places, each dish was different and unique. The stay was great about changing grills inbetween every few meats. The variety for the "Samurai" dinner course for 4 people was super diverse and to end with s'mores was a nice touch. Great cocktails and couldn't pass up an order of shishito peppers (that we took the opportunity to blister in the grill)
Top notch. Make sure to fire up Open Table since I feel like it'll be tough to get reservations at this place.Couldn't be more excited when I heard this chain made its way to New Orleans.  If you haven't tried KBBQ - this is the place to start! This is such a fun interactive way to have an intimate dining experience or as a big group.  Sipping on good japanese beer while waiting for your food to cook in front you so you can control the temperature...LOVE THAT!!!
Location, quality, price, staff, and menu options are all the reasons why I come here.  They have a variety of protein options to choose from and their side fixings are a nice compliment too.  My favorite is the buttered corn.  
Drop in and try it for yourself.  They currently accept rsvp via OPENTABLE...gotta love that, because you earn points too =)
Enjoy!High quality meat, good flavors, and good service. Best self grill bbq place in Nola.OMG! Gyu-Kaku is fantastic! I don't give 5 stars easily, but this place met the mark! I made reservations online a couple of days in advance. At this point, they're only open in the evenings, and it was packed at 6pm on a Sunday evening. We quickly got our table and the server took time to explain the menu to us. We both started with the Osaka Tower to drink. Be careful, those things will sneak up on you lol! Once the food came out, the servers explained how long to cook each item. We had an issue with our grill and the manager was quick to resolve it. When I made the reservation, I noted that we were celebrating a birthday. However, I forgot that I put it on the reservation, and when we got there, the individual didn't really want the attention so I didn't inform the server. At the end of our meal, the staff comes to our table singing happy birthday. They saw the note on the reservation and honored it! The other guest really enjoyed that gesture. They gave her a hat and happy birthday sign to hold up, and I was able to take the best photo ever! They also provided complimentary hot green tea at the end of our meal. It's the small things that make such a difference in a dining out experience. Two thumbs up Gyu-Kaku!! I will definitely be back!
Here's a breakdown on what we ordered:
Cheese Wontons - Good! The included dipping sauce was a bit much and I think they were fine on their own. 
Garlic Noodles (w/veggies) - Very good. 
Harami in Secret Pot - Very tender and flavorful. 
Prime Kalbi Short Rib - Amazing and uniquely flavored. 
Spicy Pork - Great flavor. 
Miso Butte Salmon - Tender and delicious. 
Sweet Onion/Zucchini/Broccoli - All very good.   
Fried Banana Cheesecake - The cheesecake portion was really good, but the fried outside took away from it some.This is my first experience with Japanese BBQ and it rocks!  It's a fun place to come with a group.  Skirt steak, tongue & pork are highly recommended, the entire menu is worth exploring.I've been a fan of Gyu-kaku for years. I was so happy that they finally opened one in Nola. I wrote a suggestion to them few years ago that they should open one in Nola, so I didn't have to drive to Houston every time I crave Gyu-kaku. They wrote back to me that they would look into it. I'm a bit disappointed though. I went to this location for the first time last night. This location is not as good as the other Gyu-kaku locations. I've been to the ones in Japan, Hawaii, NYC, Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, Orlando. Ideally, the fire from the grill should've been visible and came out from the grill when you grill the meat. The meat tastes better that way when they directly touch the fire. I thought there was something wrong with the grill on the table where I was seated, so I asked to move to another table. But same thing. No wonder the texture of the meat I had yesterday felt a bit different and not as good as the other locations. The Kalbi Soup was very good though. And the server was very friendly and nice. Just disappointed with the grill.Bummer.
Loved our bartender Ricky!! 
They should turn ppl away at the door instead of giving wait times on tables that will remain empty.I love gyu! This is a chain restaurant and I've eaten at Gyu in multiple cities, so I was really excited for them to come here. The service is top notch and if you're a BBQ noob, don't be alarmed. The servers will tell you exactly how long to cook all of the meats. The experience is fun and the vibe is lively. 
The menu is quite extensive so a few of my favorites are the shishito peppers, gyu house salad, bibimbap, spicy cucmbers, and the tofu soup as appetizers. For the meats, the duck breast, beef tongue, galbi, and the harami skirt steak are excellent. You really can't go wrong with anything. 
Tip: don't skip out on the salad. It's often overlooked, but it's so refreshing in between all of the meats!They've only been open a month when I went. Came in on a Monday right before 2 pm. They let us looked at a lunch menu and then they had to change us to a happy hour menu as their "system" reject lunch orders after 2 pm. 
It's in downtown New Orleans so we had to look for parking and walked a couple of blocks. 
We ordered the meat lovers combo for 2 since it was our first time. This helps us learn what we like and what we didn't like as much. It came with 2 white rice, 2 miso soups and 2 salads and the Japanese fried chicken. No substitutions for the meat but we ate everything. 
The meat lovers combo also came with s'mores which was fun to do with our daughter. 
I took a picture of each meat to remind myself what I was eating as it can get overwhelming. I kept the menu to remind myself what sauce was on the meat as well. 
I enjoyed  the sweet soy sauce marinade. Didn't care for the miso marinade. 
They changed out our cooking tray twice for the meat and then the last time for our s'mores. 
We had a pretty awesome server but it looked like the servers helped each other so we had an sweet section of servers. 
They do yelled in greeting and parting so don't be alarm.We loved our lunch meal and enjoyed the attentive service from Tyler. It's not often that we come across a great server and he exceeded our expectations. The staff was pleasant and the owner even came by to make sure we had everything we needed. We will definitely be back in the near future!This is a chain so that always gives a lot of NOLA folks a pause as we like supporting our local joints.  I have been to several Korean BBQ places and the concept is very similar here.  I opted to really blow it out for the holidays and did the "Supreme" all you can eat menu.  
So the all you can eat menus here are a total lie as it is really all you can eat in 90 minutes (they list the time requirement on the menu).  That is also a lie as the service is VERY slow about bringing the food and then you also have to cook many of the items on the BBQ which adds a lot of time to that 90 minutes that don't involve eating.  
To kick things off I tried to order an iced tea but here for some reason they told me they don't have the "machine" to make iced tea so each tea is separate charge.  So pretty much 100% of other restaurants in this price range offer unlimited iced tea so that is just total balderdash and no machine is required to make fresh brewed iced tea other than some hot water, tea and container to store it in.  They were out of the Spicy Tuna Volcano and I wasn't informed of that until I tried to order it so they should certainly inform you when they are out of things like that on the menu for the price they charge.  The meat BBQ dishes were all good, even though it took them about 20 minutes to bring them out to start on the BBQ, and the other options of small plates, soups etc. were good to decent.  The highlights of the experience for me would be the salmon, the filet mignon and toro beef.  The desserts were also a disappointment as the sorbet and ice cream were both rock hard when brought out so it took some thawing time to be edible and they are totally something to just skip and  eat more meat instead. 
Overall for the price, time limit and slow service scam to work into their time limit I think the Korean BBQ options are an all around better deal for your money.  The overall service experience was a 1.5 while most of the food was around a solid 3 other than the desserts that were around a 1 and then the lack of refillable iced tea is a big fat ZERO.  This is an alright  experience to try once but I doubt I will be back with so many time wasting tricks they build into their "rules" about the process of eating here.Service was great, the servers were very attentive, the food is beyond amazing. First time here, and definitely coming back in the future...The restaurant is super clean and I have done many audits for food and safety/ cleanliness, so I positive the backroom looks just as clean and organized. Eric was our server and was great. If you head in ask for him.They were surprisingly open on July 4th so we decided to dine here for lunch! We ordered the meat lovers combo along with shrimp, butter corn, and garlic mushroom for three people. It kinda took a long time for the meats to come out.. which was unusual considering that its raw and we are cooking it on our table top? Anyways, the meats were good. I'd pass on the mushroom and corn sides because they were bland. Somewhat pricey for what it is, but it wasn't bad at all!We had never heard this place. We were staying in the arts district and found it and was surprised. Awesome food, wait staff and experience. Love it. We plan on going back soon with the kids.I am a regular and absolutely love this amazing spot in Nola. Shout out to George, our waiter, who made our recent dinner experience extra special and enjoyable. I cannot recommend this place enough.i went through downloading the yelp app just so i could leave our waiter jason a review:
every course was fantastic. we started with appetizers but also got the gyu-kaku for 2 which is way too much food for two people but we ate every bit because it was so good!! jason was our waiter and he was so incredibly knowledgeable and definitely part of the reason we'll be coming back. the manager mike came and checked up on us mid-meal and let us know that if we needed anything we could just ask. everyone was super welcoming and we couldn't have asked for a better first time experience.Service was really good and meat was yummy. Server gave suggested cook times, and cooked some of the meats for us. Peter was our server. He was very kind and attentive.I loved our visit to Gyu-Kaku. Everything from food, service, happy hour options, and cocktails were beyond my expectation. 
Gyu-kaku is a fairly new restaurant in town located right off of Poydras on Magazine street. Due to its location being right next to a "Under construction" looking retail store as well as the restaurant sign being really up high, you might miss it as you are walking right by it (at least that was the case for me). But once you figure out where it is and pull the door to enter the restaurant, you are going to get a very warm welcome and the host will lead you to the grill tables.
Now there are two restaurants in New Orleans where you can get grill table experience and I much preferred Gyu-Kaku in aesthetic and practical way. The whole restaurant has a modern Asian Vibe to it and there are bunch of booths which means a lot more privacy (Other joint has no booth). Gyu Kaku has a built-in vent on the ceiling instead of having the ventilator hanging all the way down to the table so you do not have anything blocking your eye sight. Also the Bar is located right when you walk in so if you do not feel like a meat galore, you can just sit by the bar, isolated from the grills, and enjoy many sake/soju/spirit cocktails this joint can put together.
Gyu kaku offers so many different options for your food choice. They have meat platter package options (a set menu with bunch of different meat, salad, soup, etc.), a la cart grill menu, ready to eat (no grilling), and tons of appetizers. We had a package deal, 3 appetizers and haha... 12 happy hour cocktails. I believe the package came with 2 bowls of rices, 5 or 6 types of marinated meat, 2 salads, 2 soups and some veggies to grill with. 
Our waiter was Eric and he was on top of his game. Even though we ordered everything at once, he brought out the dishes in order, pacing accordingly. He was so friendly and informative - he explained to us how this grilling experience was going to work and what each dish was about.  He even sat down with us, chit chatted and showed us how to use their mobile app to get points. We got discounts immediately on our first visit!
My friends and I had a blast on Friday just hanging out and being impressed at how everything tasted so amazing. Absolutely deserves 5 stars, no doubt. 
I am scared that we might come here so often as we all live around this area. But one thing for sure is that we are going to look for Eric on our next visit if we can. We love you, Eric :DAte here many times and never was let down. They introduced a new AYCE on the menu and once we were seated the waiter said there is no more AYCE after 8:30pm even though they close at 10pm. This is not listed on the menu as it says All Day Monday-Thursday. I ask our waiter why is that? His response was "We do AYCE from opening so the owner decide to stop it at 8:30 to save him money". This is really false advertising. And on top of that I decide to just go and eat there even not doing AYCE, the service was so slow and the waiter could never remember if he brought the meat to us and I was over charged for meats I did not get, but that is my fault for not looking at the bill. Good food overall, but do better with AYCE advertising when people are waiting to be seated and get disappointed...My server added some extra tips to my bill without my permission. Around $6. I found out few days later through my credit card transaction.Peter was our server. He was great and very informative! Make sure to order the garlic noodles and spicy cucumber. Oh! And don't forget to download the gyu kaku app for special offers. Public parking down the street as well. Will be back again!Fabulous yakiniku style bbq. Being from Hawaii, I'm super picky with my Asian flavors since I grew up with the best and most diverse flavors. This was hands down one of the best bbq spots I've had in the states. Our server, Peter was super thorough and explained everything from the menu down to cooking the meats to the perfect temperature. Definitely coming back when we're in town.The meat we got was very tender and flavorful. Our server, Peter, recommended us cooking times for our meats and it really helped out a lot. He was really attentive and made sure we felt comfortable and had our needs met. Will gladly come back.Great first experience here! I reserved a table for this place at 5:30 but had to move it to 5:45 and was super easy with the OpenTable website. We got there around 5:30 and were still seated, despite being 15 minutes early. We were sat in a booth (even if we were only 2 people). The waitress that served us at the beginning was super nice, explained the difference between the set menus and even gave us some of her recommendations. We got the Happy Hour meal, the Garlic Noodles with Chicken (Happy Hour was until 6PM) and some alcoholic drink (Tokyo Peach and the Geisha). The wait was a while, around 30 minutes for our food. Our new waiter was super nice as well, always checking if everything was okay and explaining, once our food came, how long to cook the meals, even served our Garlic Noodle Chicken. 
My favorite meat on the Happy Hour menu has to be the Toro Beef Tare Sweet Soy. It was super thin and super fast to cook and so delicious. 
I would come back again, or try the same branch near my area.Amazing food and service. Peter my server was very helpful in describing the menu to us. Over all the food was a 10/10 and the help was 10/10It's such a fun and inviting atmosphere with DeliCIOUS food and great servers. All the meats tasted premium and  the spicy tuna piece with sticky rice was yum! The shrimp scampi was my favorite, even ate the garlic! The desert bites were delightful. Portions were all perfect, i love the ability to try a piece of everything. Definitely will be one of my hot spots when i'm in town:)I hadn't been to a Japanese BBQ place before, but loved the idea of it so thought we would give it a try. Happy to say that my wife and I loved it!  The food was fresh and plentiful. We went with a meal for two and had too much food, honestly. But everything was so yummy and fresh that we ate as much as we could... including ending with the s'mores  for dessert!This place was AMAZING! My boyfriend and I came here to eat we had a really great experience! The food and drinks (Tokyo tea and Coco-Mo) were really good! It was our first time there so our server Tuyet was very helpful and made sure we were taken care of. We will definitely be back!Great meal while in NOLA on business. Very nice atmosphere and service. Really enjoyed our last mean in NOLA at this restaurant.The stuff was not considered and thoughtful at the front desk and the bar. We couldn't be seated and were sent to order at the bar, and we waited for 50 mins in cold for the take out. If the wait time is 50mins, why don't you tell us? We could have just order delivery.Always a good experience eating here! The Hirami Skirt Steak and the Prime Kalbi are my favorites. The Beef Sukiyaki Bibimbap is also another must try. Our server, Tuyet, was super helpful and patient with us with all of our questions. Really great workers and food !wow, just WOW. Literally tops any BBQ restaurant down in New Orleans! I came in here for lunch which is from 11:30-2 pm. The prices and quality meat you get with your order was just spectacular and definitely well worth it. I got the lunch meat lover's set which contained a miso soup, half gyu-kaku salad, white rice, lunch edamame, bistro hanger steak, garlic shoyu ribeye, spicy yaki-shabu, toro beef tare sweet soy which was only 12.95 for everything! I think the toro beef was definitely my favorite since I do have attraction to sweet meats and bistro hanger steak was on the thinner side which made it easier to chew. My least favorite was the spicy yaki-shabu because it was a very thick cut meat and it was too spicy for my taste buds. I also love the tuna nachos!! Definitely my favorite appetizer from here, as the chips are like wonton chips more on the light and crispy side and avocado to top it all off! The sauce was definitely a bit heavy though, so I would consider asking them to be light on the sauce. Overall, this servers were really nice and the experience was very welcoming as well. It also does not get as hot there as other BBQ restaurants too which I also love!Food is good but service is taking too long. Manager was nice and she offered us a dessert at the end. We'll be backHad a delicious dinner and best service by Peter. Thanks! Always great service here. 
Haram steak is the best!This was my first experience at this location. I've been to the one in Houston before. Same atmosphere, which is to be expected since it's a chain. However, service was excellent! Our server was Tyler and he was so chipper. Very attentive and helpful. 
We had pork belly, salmon, zucchini,  and spinach to grill.  All was very tasty! 
We also had the spicy tofu soup! Omg! It was so good. A little spicy for me but I LOVED it.My uncle has made a reservation for eight people, but I brought a plus one and thank god they were able to squeeze in my main squeeze. The place is pretty busy, my party ordered two shoguns and it was delicious! From my personal experience, eating in the city is a hit or miss because you could be splurging on food that has very little substance (however, i digress).My family and I showed up without reservations on Saturday and was told that it would be an hour wait.  So we sat at the bar.  Though there were grills at the bar, we still managed to get a great meal with fantastic service.  The bartenders (Richard and Peter were attentive and so friendly.  They definitely deserved the 5 stars  themselves!My husband and I went here to eat lunch for our wedding anniversary. The service was fantastic. our server's name was Joanne and she was so attentive. The food was delicious and the meat was well marinated. The restaurant was clean the overall ambiance was great. Loved it!Finally a Japanese BBQ place in New Orleans!
The menu can overwhelming at first so if It's your first time, I suggest picking their Pre-selected course choices from the menu (includes soup, salad, appetizers, main course, and dessert). 
I always go with large parties and we choose the Shogun. 
The service is always great. Davis has been my server the past two times I've been there and is always so accommodating.  He explains how to cook each protein as it comes out and changes our grill when it gets too burnt. 
Save room for dessert because they have Lady M's Green Tea Crepe Cake. Now I don't have to wait until I go to New York to get this fix!New Yelper here! Great joint. Loved them at their Cali locations. I see comments about being refused service with no reservations, they are in soft opening right now as I write this, so like, y'all dumb. Cause it's reservations only. Loved the food. The Kobe was great. Our server, she was precious. Lovely girl. Parking is shit, but it's New Orleans, so.This is the best Japanese BBQ in town. Reminds me of Japan. From the quality meat to the service. They great you at the door in Japanese that'll make you feel welcomed. The quality of meat was unparalleled and the staff knew exactly how to cook it. If I can go here every week I will.We were turned away. They could not accommodate a table of five. This states family friendly. The hostess couldn't hide discontent when we rolled my son in with his stroller. Enjoy at your own risk we will not be backI have gone to several different Gyu-Kakus in Houston, TX and this location continues to uphold their great service and food! 
My favorite thing to get is the beef bibimbop! It is a must if you want to upgrade your rice! It comes out on a piping hot stone bowl and the server mixes it up in front of you. 
I also suggest getting the corn butter & garlic mushroom! THEY ARE ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! I'm not sure what they put in the corn butter sauce, but you won't regret it. 
For dessert, I normally get the Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe with ice cream. It is light and fluffy so it tops off the perfect meal. But it is limited quantity so order it as soon as you can! 
My waiter, Tyler, was very well knowledged in the menu and provided great feedback on what to get. Everything also came out in a timely manner with instructions on how long to cook each item. 
Although it is a bit more on the pricey side, it's definitely a great place to eat and to catch up with friends and grab a drink.I love this place. The food is very authentic. And the waiters are very professional. Especially the one who served us, Guy. He is friendly.I came here with my cousins from out of town, and they were not disappointed. The quality of the meats were superb, and the environment was very family friendly. Peter was a great server. He brought the meats out at a good pace and was super attentive with making space for our table and making sure we had water. We had a great time!Wow! My new favorite place! I really enjoyed everything. Garlic noodles were bomb! And the meat selection were fresh and recommendations were spot on! Besides my prissy self not wanting to grill my own meat , I really like this place! Great for parties or date night or girls night! Service was tentative, thorough and friendly! Now they are open for lunch too! Definitely would recommend and come back!This is the best restaurant I've eaten at in NOLA. It's good, and it's healthy. I had the Skirt Steak, and it was really really good. The waiter was extremely friendly and was on top of it. I will definitely be back.First, without taking into consideration that this place JUST opened up AND pretty much staying fully booked at all hours...service was EXCEPTIONAL!!! You have like 10 servers come by each table all on the same page so that can make any dining experience GREAT haha 
But that along with the AMAZING food...what more can you ask for??? After leaving, you'll be like...Korean BBQ??? What's that?!!:D - not exaggerating...definitely one of my most favorite spots here in Nola!LOVE Gyu-Kaku!!!  Had been going to Gyu-Kaku for years in California before moving to New Orleans, and thrilled this location opened and is just as delicious!  Shoutout to our server Duy Vo, he was great!I'm giving one star due to the customer service that was given by the assistant manager when we walked through the door. We walked in and waited to be greeted. As the assistant manager walked up to the host stand, the phone was ringing and picked up the phone. She did not tell us that she would be right with us. As she hung up, then she proceeded to say what we wanted. I asked her if we can get a table for four. She said that we do not have any tables open and that have a bunch of reservations. She also stated they had broken ventilation at multiple tables and we couldn't be seated. She did not tell us we could wait or a time frame. She also didn't ask us to come back. The customer service is terrible and I will not come back and try this place in Nola. I have eaten at this place in Houston multiple times and it looks like I will stay eating there. If you want terrible service, then this might be the place for you!!!The portions are up to par, I ordered the nachos on the apps omg it is to die for but i do wish there were more ingredients on top. The food comes out in a timely manner and the best part of it , you get to cook the food to your preference. And dont forget the smores at the end !!!Gyu-Kaku is a chain that has arrived to the heart of New Orleans which they provide a new flare to the asian BBQ scene. I've since been back twice and both had good experiences there! The quality of the food is top notch and everything came out fairly quick and presentable. I would definitely recommend the garlic noodles to any and everyone that comes in! You'd probably have to get your own order of it because it is crack! If you are dining with a large group, there is a section of the menu which offers family dining which comes with pre-selected items to help make deciding easier. They also offer a nice selection of cocktails and alcoholic beverages. It's been a while since I've been back, but you would definitely find me back there again in the near future, hence finishing up this review!Great food and great service.  Everyone was super nice and attentive. Ordered the meat lovers for two people along with the Harami secret pot.  Harami secret pot was super tender and delicious.  Definitely recommend for groups.  Also recommend spicy cabbage and garlic noodles.I was so excited when this location opened up. I am from California where there's a good amount of Gyu Kaku opened. New Orleans is having a nice pop of Asian cuisines and I couldn't be happier. I love their beef sukiyaki rice that is served in a clay pot kind of like bibimbap where you can get the sides of the rice crispy. Their selection of meats are great and the quality is good for the price. They also offer great meal deals for when you are dining with a group and would like a little bit of everything. They have great appetizers and my all time favorite is the Lady M matcha green tea crepe cake that is served with a large serving of vanilla ice cream to end an already satisfying meal. 
Remember to sign up for their rewards as well and scan your receipt at the end on the app to collect points to be redeemed for certain dishes or money off your visit.Gyu-Kaku is worth checking out! The menu can be overwhelming so here's my list of recommendations for 2 people (dbl up on the meats).
Spicy Addicting Cucumber (4.50$).
Garlic Noodles (9.5$)
Gyu-Kaku Salad (4$ for half, 7$ for full)
Kobe Style Kalbi Short Rib (23.5$)
Beef Tongue (10$)
Toro Beef (5.25$)
I tried a handful of other protein items, but the 3 listed above are the BEST IMO!First time trying out this place and I was not disappointed. We had a party of 5 and ordered the Shogun preset meal (good for 6 people). It came with soup, salad, rice, and a multitude of varying meats that were super tasty. The real kicker was when we ended the meal with s'mores! 
What really made the dining experience superb was our waiter Tyler T.! He was super friendly and attentive. Seriously some of the best service ever. 
Whatever you do, try the garlic noodles!! You won't regret it.To start, all the staff were super friendly and attentive. The host was great. Brought us to our table, even ask if it was a table location we liked. The waitress checked on us plenty of times. We didn't even have to ask to get our grill changed. Sometimes in Houston we have to wait forever.  
The appetizers and meats came out in a timely manner. They didn't overwhelm us by bringing out everything at once. 
I HIGHLY recommend coming for lunch Mon-Friday because of the bomb lunch specials. 
My favorite was the garlic shrimp. So sweet and savory. However I wished they would have butterflied the shrimp a little deeper.Y'all ......like you have to go here . If you're considering it stop considering and just go! lol everything about this place is cool and the food is so good ! The atmosphere is nice , good drinks , and a really good experience! It can be a little confusing and overwhelming looking at the menu at first but one of the waiters will gladly assist you in explaining whats what !Great addition to the Warehouse District, and we live here! Had the spicy ramen and fried pork dumplings, and cooked the garlic ribeye ourselves. Excellent, with a modest price point. Ask for Big Ant for the best service.Wow! I am more than impressed with this place. From the food to the staff to the atmosphere it was all amazing. We came in for a birthday dinner with 5:30 pm reservations at 5. Rather than telling us to come back they told us it was happy hour and to have a drink. 
The bartender Ricky was so informative and entertaining. He suggested drinks for us. I had the cocomo. It's their take on a pina colda. I loved it. Ricky told us all about Japanese Bbq and the restaurant. We also discussed a wide range of things. We didn't want to get up to go eat we were enjoying ourselves so much.
We then went to sit down to eat and had the nicest server, Cristian, he helped us make the perfect choice on what to order and how this experience would work once we sat down. We ordered the meat lovers. We thought it wouldn't be enough food but to our surprise it was way more than expected. I was stuffed by the end.
The Japanese chicken is a must have if you love chicken. All of the meats were amazing, the miso marinade was my favorite. I had plenty of sauces and rice to mix and match with the meat. I loved cooking my own food but I will say the grill is super hot and you must pay attention to the cook time. This was an amazing experience. I'd definitely go again.
Oh and they greet you upon entrance and exit. I loved that.My wife and I went to this place for a date night. Everything about this place was amazing. The food was out of this world . This was the absolute best date night experience! Our server was amazing. I would recommend the meat lovers and add on the Kobe beef. There was soooo much amazing food in the package ! 10/10 would definitely eat here again regularly!DELICIOUS FOOD. Great hospitality & atmosphere. Excellent quality of food. Overall great experience, I would highly recommend. Eric our server was the bomb.com!Food was great!!!!  Harami secret pot is what I should've tried maybe next time.  Staff was great and atmosphere was nice.....Decor was lovely and inviting cant wait to try more premium meats.....I was so excited when I heard we have a gyu-kaku in New Orleans! This location is the first real Japanese BBQ in the state. Gyu-kaku is tapas style so I love the fact that I can order a variety of items to try without over ordering. They have plenty of different options. Lunch specials, happy hour, AYCE, courses, etc. There's something here for everyone! My family and I always have a good time when we dine here. The staff here are so knowledgable and welcoming that I eat here once a week!The food was amazing and the atmosphere was unbeatable!! Our waitress Tuyet was by far the sweetest waitress I've ever had!When they first opened up, I was really excited to try it out. After trying it out for the first time, I was so satisfied with the food and the service that Gyu Kaku became the spot I go once every other week, sometimes twice a week. I love their reward point system for their app. The app offers some really good deals. The service are great bc everyone immediately greet you in Japanese as they are seating you; I thought it was a really unique bc most restaurant I been to doesn't do that. They explain the menu for first timers and they tell you instructions on how long to cook the meat for people that aren't familiar with how long they should grill the meat. I loved the place so much that I put my friends and families on it. And I pretty much tried out the entire menu. My favorite things to order are the tuna nachos and cold tofu for appetizer, harami steak in a pot for one of the meat option, Lady M crepe cake and also the matcha tiramisu for dessert.Definitely recommend if you're looking for a nice bbq grill place. The plating of the food looks and tastes great! We had joann as our server, she explained the menu in a quick, easy manner and gave us a wonderful experience!Ate here many times and never was let down. They introduced a new AYCE on the menu and once we were seated the waiter said there is no more AYCE after 8:30pm even though they close at 10pm. This is not listed on the menu as it says All Day Monday-Thursday. I ask our waiter why is that? His response was "We do AYCE from opening so the owner decide to stop it at 8:30 to save him money". This is really false advertising. And on top of that I decide to just go and eat there even not doing AYCE, the service was so slow and the waiter could never remember if he brought the meat to us and I was over charged for meats I did not get, but that is my fault for not looking at the bill. Good food overall, but do better with AYCE advertising when people are waiting to be seated and get disappointed...OH. MY. GOODNESS!!!! This place is legit. We've been to Gyu-kaku in Japan, and this one is just as excellent. Granted, the menu is Americanized, but the fundamentals are spot on! Perfectly marinated beef and pork, excellent rice, great sides.  Get the spicy cabbage salad! And the skirt steak! And the garlic shrimp! And the bibimbap!
Make reservations. This place is hot! Great drink menu with a good sake selection and Japanese beer. If you can, ask for Ginny as your server - she's the best!My family loves this place!  Shout-out to Big Ant and Dhavis (with an H!).  The service is high quality, the food is outstanding & the atmosphere is vivacious.
The grilled meats are the highlight (skirt steak, tongue, pork, chicken are all great), but don't sleep on the rest of the menu.  Noodle dishes rock, tuna volcano is festive, spicy cucumbers are right up there.
Great lunch specials & happy hour, too.Gyu-Kaku never disappoints. Our meal was great and Tyler was very attentive and polite. I'm in a food coma and had a nice drink tonight and enjoyed dinner very much. I wish I could be more descriptive on this review but let's just say I definitely enjoyed dinner.Awesome experience, food was amazing and Tuyet was the BEST service!   She took great care of us and explained it all perfectly!  Thanks Tuyet!!!Had such an amazing experience tonight. This was my first time here. We were a party of 4 ppl, from the food to the service was an A+. Tyler took care of us and made the experience so much more enjoyable. Thank you, Tyler for the great service! This is coming from a restaurant owner also. Keep up the great job guys!Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Fun atmosphere to go with friends with really good prices.This is a really great steakhouse!!! 
Our waiter Davis was extremely helpful and explained everything thoroughly! This was our first time here and it will most certainly not be the last. I highly recommend it!The food was awesome, the service great, loved the atmosphere. Tyler was our server and we absolutely loved him. Thanks Tyler!Food came out nice and fast! Our server Joanne was really helpful and kind !!! Definitely worth a try!GYU!!!! Welcome to New Orleans!!!
New Orleans has a few major gaps in cuisine but my biggest gripe so far has been with Japanese food. Thankfully, Gyu has solved our problem. 
A friend and I RACED over for the lunch special and made it just in time- we asked if we could still order it even though it was 1:49 (yes I know it's not really 2 but sometimes people are picky) and they happily obliged. 
After some and explanation and some suggestions from our server, Tyler, I decided on the 2 meat lunch special with pork belly, Toro beef, and upgraded my rice to garlic fried rice (like most yakiniku places, it also came with miso soup and a salad). And, because we were stressed, I had the Hitachino 12oz and my friend had the lychee mojito. 
Everything was delicious from start to finish and the 2 meat meal was enough to fill me up and have a little bit of rice left over. If I were starving, I probably would've killed all of it. 
The service was speedy without feeling rushed and probably the friendliest I've received in a while. Tyler was perfectly attentive without lingering and always there just when we were about to look for him. 
One of the other mentionable things about Gyu is they have a loyalty program where you can earn points on your meals for credits later.
Came here Wednesday, headed back Saturday- this will definitely become a habit.This is one of my favorite places to splurge on in Nola with great company! The huge private dining room for our party of 12 was perfect! Our server, Big Ant was awesome & gave excellent guidance! He even went out of his way to curate the dishes on the table for a picture worthy of Instagram! Food is always consistent & very flavorful! Every dish we ordered was delicious! Very high quality meat with perfect dipping sauces! Must try are the Chili Shrimp Shumai, Tuna Pok Nachos, Shrimp Garlic Noodles, Prime Kalbi Short Rib, Harami Skirt Steak, Kobe Kalbi Steak, Addicting Cucumbers & Green Tea Crepe Cake. Perfect place for excellent food, superb service & fun atmosphere! #BigAntOriginally from Miami so just imagine my excitement when I looked on the map and this was walking distance from my hotel. First night just ordered rice, dumplings and cheese wonton it was a breeze. Second day took the kids and it was a way better experience than what I've had in Miami. My server was quick, came by often and made sure we were doing good. For some odd reason the rice tasted way better than the one in Miami.Good food can be common, but what sets apart restaurants from the competition is the level of service and interest with the customer that a restaurant has. Tyler was our server and he made sure that everything my party needed was situated to the restaurants standards. We had went to Gyu-Kaku to celebrate a friend's birthday and my friend was ecstatic with the food and service delivered to us. I'll be back sooner than later and would like to personally commend Tyler for a job well done.Just ate here and everything was great. Our waiter  (peter) was very attentive. Made sure we were cooking the food properly and made sure our drinks were kept full.Perfect place for my boyfriend to meet my family for the first time! the environment was super relaxed, the food was SO good, and the servers SHOUTOUT TO KENNY VO made the experience perfect :)Fun, interactive dinner! Our server Dhavis walked us through the menu, answered our questions, showed us how to use the grill, and really enriched our experience!!! Food was great, drinks were crazy strong! I highly recommend going during happy hour for their version of the long island iced tea ($5 and will get you stumblin'). Asking for Dhavis as your server is a MUST!! He sets the tone and tops off a wonderful meal with a positive, professional, and engaging demeanor!Gyu-Kaku was actually my first time eating Japanese bbq and I've been obsessed ever since they opened here in New Orleans. It's crazy that the appetizers are just as good as the meats themselves! Well sized portions as well, perfect for sharing. The staff are super friendly and knowledgeable but that's probably because of their awesome manager Jackie. I've never seen her there without a smile on her face, and trust me, I'm there a lot. I believe the most I went constantly was 3 days in a row haha. If you're ever in the city, please check this place out. I promise you won't regret it!Met some friends here and really happy. You get to cook your own food which is really nice. All the foods was exceptional. If you want a new experience for great food I recommend This spotTo start, all the staff were super friendly and attentive. The host was great. Brought us to our table, even ask if it was a table location we liked. The waitress checked on us plenty of times. We didn't even have to ask to get our grill changed. Sometimes in Houston we have to wait forever.  
The appetizers and meats came out in a timely manner. They didn't overwhelm us by bringing out everything at once. 
I HIGHLY recommend coming for lunch Mon-Friday because of the bomb lunch specials. 
My favorite was the garlic shrimp. So sweet and savory. However I wished they would have butterflied the shrimp a little deeper.Ginny is simply the best!  What a positive, cheerful young lady!  She MADE the already fantastic meal a wonderful experience.   Dining should always be this way.I was going out to eat after a long time and was looking forward to the experience.  My friend picked the restaurant and I did not read the reviews - which was a mistake in my part.  
Due to COVID you had to make a reservation so i showed up at my allotted time, got my temperature checked and was shown to the table.  Once my friend had arrived, a waiter came by and we told them this was our first time at the restaurant, and particularly at a Korean BBQ and the waiter did not seem knowledgeable enough to answer questions.  Also, when i told him I was a vegetarian, he just seemed dumbfounded as if they had no veggie options (which they had).  Also, the recommendations he did provide were geared towards higher-priced meats 
we ordered three meats to grill, kimchi, and bibimbap with impossible meat.  the bibimbap cane already premixed and tasted more like fried rice than bibimbap.  Out of the three meats, one was really good, one was ok and the third was average
Once we were close to being done with dinner, they automatically turned off the fire and gave us the bill - without even asking us if we wanted dessert.  They had s'mores so i said "we are not ready, we want to order dessert" and he looked at us and said "oh, ok" and went to go relight the fire.
Overall the experience was poor customer service, average food, and high billThis place is soo good, it was my second time there. I love how the workers greet you when you walk in. Our server Kenny was great, he was attentive and told us some of his favorite dishes and it did not disappoint. We ordered the spicy tofu chigae soup, the Yaki-shabu beef, Japanese fried chicken, spicy pork and the miso toro beef. I also recommend trying the meats with the cheese fondue and the crunchy garlic sauce.The atmosphere, the waitstaff, THE FOOD is to die for! Always come here with a group cause you're going to be eating like kings and queens!My family and I made a reservation for my sisters birthday. We were made to wait 30 minutes and my mom was working so we had to leave. Very poor hospitality and terrible customer service.Somewhat authentic Japanese BBQ, as it's catered mostly to tourists and non-Japanese IMHO. I went here on an invite from a Japanese coworker. All the servers were non-Japanese, but the food seems to be more authentic. We tried some meats and finished off with ramen noodles. Very limited free parking around the area,  but it was easy enough to find the place. Best put in a reservation before you go. Also, this is in downtown, don't expect anything cheap. Enjoy.Terrible service. Let's just get that out of the way. 
Management is poorly managed. The manager is making drinks and not delegating. The girl in the front is seating people and cleaning tables. The people cleaning the tables were slower than molasses. 
This is probably why it took 30min to be seated despite having reservations.....
Ok that aside the meat was delicious. The food was delicious. The cucumber was the best one I've had. Unlike the Chinese version this is savory and not as sweet/sour.  Per usual it was very refreshing. 
We did not do all you can eat per other peoples reviews - the time limit made it not worth it. 
Overall the food was as good as other gyu gaku I've been to.  
Knocked a star for management and service.angry! very angry!! very very angry!!! 
this place (I cannot call it a RESTAURANT) did NOT RESPECT customer.  We stepped in and nobody stayed in the front to arrange the seat.  We wait for about 15 mins still no one come to meet us. We only see a lot of waiters and waitress chatting with each other. No one care about us. The staffs are very rude, impolite,  impatient! horrible experience!!! I would give NEGATIVE STARS,  but Yelp does not allow me to comment unless I give one star.All I can say I wow...   
My friends would say that I'm sort of a food snob.  They planned the evening. I have to be honest. When I discovered that I was going to have to cook my own food I thought this night is going to be a disaster. I was 100% wrong. 
Not only was this place fun, it also served up tasty food. They have a huge selection of meats and veggies that you cook yourself. The meats were seasoned so well that I didn't even mess  things up by cooking myself. I was completely amazed by this place. Did I mention that it's a chain restaurant?  Well it is. I hope they open up one back home in Charleston, South Carolina!Awesome foods, we came with a group of 9, the staffs were accommodating and welcoming providing a great experience for us. Definitely will come back for more! The foods and service were delightful!Taking a break from Creole and Cajun for lunch. Japanese Yakiniku-style BBQ. Got the $60 happy hour special for 2. It's a ton of meat. May the grilling commence.
They are a national chain with outposts in major cities.Such a cute date night spot! My husband and I had fun! It's family friendly for the kids tooFor all of you first timer DIY-Asian-BBQers, your need to know review has arrived!
This 'hot&new' restaurant popped up on hubby's Yelp feed so we decided to check it out on a Friday night. We saw the Yelp banner that they were in their soft opening so we called them to see about reservations/wait times. We were told the first available reservation was after 9pm and that the wait time was roughly 2 hours. The hostess was kind enough to put our name down sort of like a "wait ahead" thing which was great but I don't know if that's a standard waiting option!
When we arrived, we were told that there was a table finishing up dessert so we could hang out at the bar until then. At the bar, you can get drinks and apps only - sorry folks, no BBQ grills at the bar. 
I was sad to see no rose wine options on the menu because what's a date night without a glass of rose?! My partner got one of their signature cocktails that had an assortment of fruit toppings. For appetizers, I got the Japanese Fried Chicken (read about it on Yelp) and the Tuna Poke nachos. I would not recommend the fried chicken bites as I didn't find anything particularly Japanese-flavored besides some crispy skin which pretty standard anyways. The nachos had a nice presentation to them and a decent amount of tuna poke. 
Mid way through our drinks and appetizers, the hostess stopped by to say that another table was finishing up dessert so we would have a table soon. No biggie but I was a bit confused what happened with the original table. Then, a few minutes later, another hostess told us that she was going to set our tables, suggesting that we close out at the bar. Upon closing out, that same hostess said that she was mistaken and the table was in fact not ready so we had about 10 minutes of this awkward shuffle between the bar and entrance trying to figure out if we should sit at the bar or just wait it out with drink in hand. It wasn't that long of a wait after all but there are some kinks that the staff is working on so just be aware if you go sometime soon. 
Once at the table, My, our server, greeted us. She was so sweet and attentive and it was very evident that she was working hard to deliver a great experience! Actually, it was quite evident that all staff members were working extremely hard to deliver quality service! 
For dinner, we ordered the shrimp garlic noodles which come with precisely 3 shrimp, albeit large in size, as shown in the menu picture; a bowl of miso soup; the filet mignon; the premium sirloin; onions. 
You get about 6-7 strips of meat in each other, and the onion as two large slices (with mini slices within, of course) drizzled with BBQ. The noodles are mixed and plated by your server tableside. 
Personally, I find the suggested cooking times to be a bit under what I feel comfortable eating even though we got the thin cuts so we just left it on a little longer. You leave the onion on the grill for a decent amount of time (much longer than the meat) but it's delicious - definitely would recommend getting it with your selection of meats. 
I also saw that some tables had their grills changed out in the middle of their meals - I understand there's good reason behind that but it's a little jarring to have that done mid-meal as I witnessed at nearby tables. We were done eating before our grill had to be changed but I wonder if there's a better way to handle that (but probably not because these folks seem to be in the know!)
There's pre-selected menu options available (like for 2 people, you get quite the assortment of menu offerings for $70) as well as extensive a la carte options. 
Service is excellent and I can't emphasize how hard these folks are working to charm you!
For me, I can't say the food itself was my favorite but I think the overall interactive experience makes it quite memorable!Tyler is such a good waiter!! He check up on us often to make sure we had everything we needed at the table. And the food was amazingI love this place. Besides great food and the experience of grilling stuff yourself if you desire, the staff is always very friendly and efficient.  https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2019/01/26/gyu-kaku-japanese-bbq-new-orleans-la-report-171/Came here because our friends recommended this place and I can't wait to go go back to have the ramen. We had the meat lovers and everything was so flavorful. All of the staff was welcoming and nice and explained the menu. The manager even came to our table to learn more about us.I LOVE Gyu-Kaku! It is a well-known Japanese BBQ chain that I've eaten at in other states, so I was really excited to hear they were coming to New Orleans. If you haven't had Japanese BBQ, it's a fun, interactive dining experience involving a personal tabletop grill and several shared plates.
I made a reservation for a small group to eat here for my husband's belated birthday dinner. We went during their soft opening week when reservations were required. However, I'd probably try to make one every time just to avoid a long wait. The place is beautifully decorated, and the employees are super friendly. Our server, Davis, was awesome! He took his time to explain the menu to us and was really attentive and nice. Our group shared the Shogun special (recommended for six) and we ordered extra sides. The garlic noodles are a must, along with the fried chicken appetizer. For dessert, I highly recommend ordering the Lady M green tea crepe cake. They even serve s'mores for dessert, which is a really nice touch. I personally thought everything was marinated well and tasted delicious, so no complaints on the meat selection.
I WILL be back for my next protein fix.I honestly don't know how this place got so many positive reviews! The building itself is fine but the staff is young and inexperienced. Four of the staff were out on the sidewalk smoking cigarettes and heckling pretty women walking by. Once we got inside the host took several minutes to seat us as she seemed unsure how to use the laptop.....even though they weren't busy. After seating us, the hostess and the waitress would have these secret conversations that were just weird.
Most of the menu is designed for you to cook the meal yourself. We decided to go with the spicy kalbi  bibibamp which seemed like a Vietnamese gumbo that was using excessive spice for flavor.
I will say the manager Mike did stop by our table and was helpful. In my opinion this place is not worth the price.This spot was affordable, delicious, and the staff was swift. Ramen & bibimbap were fantastic, as were all the ala-carte menu items we tried. Heading back for their Japanese grill course this week. Only downside was the tween-pop & mainstream pop-mumble-rap they played. They could use a better playlist, but I fault the corporate side of this otherwise well-intentioned franchise restaurant for those aesthetic (forced) choices aimed at drawing in a younger crowd. Hopefully they read this and augment their musical direction toward something either more subtle, more tasteful, or just less annoying. Minus 1 star for that. But, the food & experience otherwise still gives them 4/5 from me, as well as a repeat visit in the same week.I've been to this location many times, and it's never disappointed. It's the ONLY nearby establishment for (Japanese) yakiniku which is what makes it unique. The host/ staff always greets you at the door, and the atmosphere is very upbeat and friendly. There's never been an occasion where the manager or owner didn't stop by our table to ask how things were going, and that's great customer service! It's obvious that the staff does very well with teamwork, as different servers pass by to refill our drinks or deliver our food. One thing I've noticed is that it's always busy, so using the opentable app to book a reservation always comes in handy.
Recently, Gyu-Kaku started doing AYCE on weekdays which is pretty bomb considering that they offer three different priced tiers WITH dessert included. My favorite menu items have to be the spinach garlic, avocado salad, corn cheese, spicy cucumber, garlic fried rice, yuzu shishito peppers, beef tongue, toro beef, and the Kobe style kalbi short rib. Ask for yuzu sauce and/ or premium yakiniku sauce for dipping- it's life changing! Also, ask for an egg yolk for dipping if you really wanna do yakiniku like in Japan.
Gyu-Kaku is perfect for date night or even big groups. It's a great interactive way to cook and eat with your loved ones, and a fun experience for most. This location offers server industry night discounts and military discounts which is awesome. They also have an app which you can use to scan your receipt for rewards towards food on your next visit, so do take advantage of that!I've been to the Gyu-Kaku over in downtown Houston a couple of years ago and was ecstatic to hear them opening up a Nola location. It definitely did not disappoint! Meats were superb as always and service was excellent. Thanks Tyler!I love the food but I'm disappointed with how limited the take out menu is. With rising COVID cases, People would rather order take out. Please update your take out menu. Certain dishes aren't on the menu even though they have the same ingredients as things that are on the menu. For example, the vegetarian bibimbap is the only one available to take out although they have several different kinds but there's another beef/rice dish option. Very strange. Why can't I just order what I want if it uses the same ingredients? Also you've been out of garlic noodles for a while, add more rice dishes to the menu.Gonna review this before I forgot as I just moved away from NOLA.
In total I've eaten at this Gyukaku location 3 times. My main issues are not with this Gyukaku but rather Gyukaku USA as the way they've divided their sets in the US is very very different than in Japan (my friends why isn't kimchi in the basic set??)
Anyways on to this specific Gyukaku:
-always friendly staff
-good quality meat
-responsive manager/owner - I was upset that there was no ayce when they opened up as all the other Gyukaku USA locations had it (minus like 2 in TX) and they relayed my message to the owner/manager and he laid out their plan for me. Had to wait a bit but they did bring ayce to nola
-ayce; I literally don't understand why ayce is basically limited to Gyukaku and Gangnam but more power to these two places for not ripping people off with 21.99 per serving of brisket (which is a cheap meat in bbq) like some places in Nola
-even without ayce their sets are pretty dang good (I'm looking at those course meals with sides like the sukiyaki rice and karaage) 
General Gyukaku basics: sign up for the rewards program as you'll get to use your points to either get free desserts or meats or even some money off your bill. 
Side note to manager/owner: maybe you can be the first Gyukaku to bring almond pudding to the states as a dessert option (as Gyukaku Japan has it instead of the smores). I think you'd be the only place in Nola with it if you doI've been to Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ multiple times before and have enjoyed my visits. However, I went today and received such poor service that I felt the need to write about it. I was neglected by my server, who walked by our table multiple times without checking up on us or bothering to refill our water. I understand if the restaurant was busy and you couldn't come by, but the restaurant had a maximum of three tables (including mine). We waited a while to receive our check. Not only did we have to wait to grab our server's attention, but he also failed to give us the dessert that had come with our course (considering we ordered the Gyu-Kaku course for 2). At that point, I didn't want to bother reminding him about dessert because my table and I were ready to leave.Definitely an experience. It's not cheap but you definitely get a ton of food and will leave full. Waiting staff was super friendly and have a good background on the meats and optimal cooking procedure.
House sake was a good complement too. Fun atmosphere, lots of people have their birthdays here at least from when we went. 
Waiting area at the bar was nice so you can enjoy a drink while you wait for your table. Wouldn't say this place is a "'must-go" if you're in the area but it seems like a good bet especially if you are craving some Asian BBQ.Food and experience was amazing. Customer service was very good. Our waiter was a little unusual and came off as rude at one instance but was very nice the rest of the experience. They provide clear instructions on how long to cook things and allow great independence in cooking.Get off your butt and go here now for some amazing Japanese BBQ!!! Made a reservation with my family on their opening day, everything exceeded our expectations and more. We checked in smoothly and walked through the beautiful bar area towards our tables with the most welcoming greeting in Japanese (don't be alarmed if they're shouting it). We ordered the Shogun family fixed course!! Everything honestly exceeded our expectations... from A1 service to how flavorful and high quality the meats were. I seriously have no complaints! Our waiter/waitress were also so kind and knowledgeable. 
MUST GET***: Harami in secret pot & Kalbi short rib!!!! (Will not regret)
Food we ordered/must also try:
Starters-- fried pork dumplings, Japanese fried chicken, garlic noodles, sushi nachos 
Dessert-- s'mores & green tea crepe cake 
So glad that we finally have Gyu Kaku in New Orleans!!! :) will definitely recommend and be back for any special occasion.Gyu-Kaku is so craveable! The grill selection is delicious. Food quality is much better and it's more affordable than other bbq places here. I also enjoy grilling meat myself; just give me the cuts and leave me to it lol the vents in the grill are cool to watch as they suck up the smoke from the grill. They're actually there to prevent you from smelling like bbq. As for the sides, my favorites so far are the spicy tuna volcano and the garlic noodles. Service is always friendly and helpful. Especially so after my last visit, because I forgot my sweater in the booth and one of our servers, Mario, literally ran down the street outside the restaurant to return it to me. Very sweet of him! This place is definitely the best bbq restaurant in town!My mom and I were craving something other than the usual Nola dishes, so we stopped in for a quick lunch, and were not disappointed! We ordered a few appetizers Japanese fried chicken and vegetable roll plus the BBQ lunch combo  with broccoli, shrimp and chicken and the vegetable garlic noodles. Everything was good but the garlic noodles were great! Will definitely return with a few friends!Literally the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. We had 90 minutes to eat AYCE bbq, which was not the issue. The issue is the they take forever to change the grill even though they tell you they will come back and change it really quick. We had to ask other servers to change our grill, and they had a bad/ annoyed attitude with us. Second they don't give you meat at a reasonable amount of time which cuts off a chunk of time already. Our server knows that with a party of 6 gratuity was already included so she barely came check on us even though the restaurant was not busy. Also, the quality of the meats are not good. Literally never again. If y'all want a good BBQ place, I recommend going to Gangnam KBBQ. I never write reviews but I just had to due to this horrible experience.This restaurant is ridiculous. We came to the place at 12:00 for the BBQ and 2:00 we still wait for the meet. The most terrible restaurant experience in my life.Amazing Amazing Amazing I Really Enjoyed Everything About This Place, The Food Was Very Good! I Had Sake For The First time & I loved it! It's strong lol I'll be back very soon !They are really slow with their bbq dishes and missing items in a combo. This is the worst Gyu Kaku I ever beenTonight was our first time here and the food didn't disappoint. We had no idea what we were getting ourselves into but  our server was extremely helpful and patient. It's too much food to describe but we ended up getting "The Samurai" which was more than enough for 4 people.  Everything was So good!! if you're looking for something out of the norm this is the place.Great food and great service!! Shoutout to Duy !! straight fire  recommend the spicy pork, garlic chicken, and the green tea crepe cake! 10/10 recommend!!