Don't bother. The staff is sketchy and non-attentive.  When we arrived, we were amazed that they had seating. We soon discovered why. It took them 15 minutes to greet us and another 15 to get our first round of drinks. The food is mediocre at best and pricey even for a HR. There are tons of good local choices that beat this one.Had the grilled salmon entree and it was amazing; I was so hungry and it was so good that I forgot to post a picture. The two sides are mashed potatoes (these were with skin and had great taste also) and broccoli. I've heard great things about this place and it just so happens I had to try while in NOLA!Visited after being stranded by Goliath in Dec. 2015. Been to Hard rocks around the world. This one seemed appropriate for location. 
The cheeseburgers are huge. The brioche bun, awesome. I got Amer' Swiss & cheddar, perfectly cooked. Pristine cleanliness (bottles, etc ). 
The sriracha was salty & chimichurri mayo was good, but garlicky. 
Ranch dressing, rather weak. 
Picture of hubby's nice sandwich. Had to request old time accoutrements like Pick a Pepper, on which the chain was built.The fun of the HRC is to listen and to WATCH Music. All around me are screens with basketbal. Is this now a sports cafe?It's pretty fun here. We came for lunch and didn't have to wait at all for a table. 
The service was good.
We only came for dessert: the Apple cobbler. I'm not a fan of the cobbler but my mom loved it. 
Air conditioned. Clean. A little pricey. 
Great place to go while you wait to go to the airport.Service was good atmosphere wasn't what you would expect out of a Hard Rock Cafe. Overall average food and service.Let me preface this by saying I've gone to many Hard Rock Cafes prior to invention of YELP so I don't have reviews of them on here but my review on this one is in comparison to the others. Dallas NY Houston Chicago Phoenix Atlanta Vegas Miami Memphis... among others. The food had always been great. But here at the New Orleans location it was just so so. The wings were good.  BUT the Mac n cheese with chicken was extremely bland. Pasta wasn't cooked in salty water so my adding salt afterwards did no good. I added lots of pepper trying to add some flavor but..  meh  BLAND!!! Ckn was dry. Garlic bread tasted like it was soaked in lemon. Was nasty! I didn't want to send back for fear of what they do with the next thing they bring out.  Very disappointed. The memorabilia is cool and all and server was OK. Happy and dancing around and stuff but I'm just not sure how ya can mess up Mac n cheese.   And $17 mac n cheese? I was expecting to eat more than three bites.  :(
UPDATE---I am updating this and changing my 2 star to a 1 star. Our original charge to our credit card went through (Including the tip). Then they charged us again just for the tip portion a day later. We have submitted this erroneous charge to our cc company and referred it to Hard Rock's manager so they can take off that additional charge which is just for the tip. Very shady...  meh.Typical Hard Rock atmosphere and mediocre food.  Nothing sets it apart from any of the other Hard Rock Cafe's throughout the more middling locations they are in.
Of note was that we were there at 6pm on Saturday during Mardi Gras and the service was very good and efficient.  Our waitress Crystal was adorable and sweet, if a little talkative.Awesome friendly service at the new location. My husband and I split chicken fajitas and it was more than enough for the two of us so we didn't have to take left overs back to our room.Hard Rock Cafe is pretty much the same in the places we've been to them.  They have consistent products, service and atmosphere which is a safe thing if you're not into venturing much into the local cuisine or food scene.  We just stopped here to buy a t-shirt as we have eaten at Hard Rocks in Helsinki and Copenhagen.  The atmosphere is always pleasant and the staff are always pleasant.Great experience. The waiter is very friendly. I ordered a huge appetizer combo and a glass of cocktail. They taste delicious :) 
Definitely gonna visit again when I back to New Orleans.Average food - like any other Hard Rock Cafe. Was located right next to my hotel, so it was very convenient. For something familiar and a quick bite to eat, I would go here.I was kind of disappointed... the food was ok (not like the pictures on the menu), but what my gripe is was the service. I know, i know its New Orleans and maybe its just the way things are there. I felt like the server was borderline rude. He walked away in the middle of my order never ask if we wanted another round (which we did) and we had to flag down a busboy to get our check. Moral of the story I will not be back.The food was good and our waitress was great - but she was slammed with tables and really busy.  She did the best she could.  What I couldn't understand is that fact that  there where 4 waitresses/employees up with the hostess just laughing and talking.  The place was backed and we had to wait 20 minutes for our bill.  We asked one of the 4 up by the hostess station for our bill and they said they couldn't get it - that was it.  The wait staff that was actually working were running their tales off while these other 4 did nothing.I should of known better tried a Hard Rock back in the late 90's in Myrtle Beach. Prices for food quality and taste are ridiculous.  Service was slow and forgetful took 25 mins just to get check after I asked for it. Don't know how these places stay in business.Knowing that this is a chain, we went here on Sunday night since we were leaving early Monday morning and it was very close to our hotel.  Both of us were not impressed.  First, they leave the front doors wide open so you can hear and smell everything.  And the smell at times was overpowering.  The food also left much to be desired as it was overpriced.  One plus is the server was very attentive.Yes, it is a hard rock but it is in the heart of the French Quarter so it definitely has its own twist. lets start with the "Ehhh..."  The food was ok. I hate seafood so my options for eating on bourbon were slim, so we came here. I had a pulled chicken sandwich and it was good. Not memorable, not something I would order again but still good. What made this review 4 stars was the amazing service from start to finish. Hostess, busboys and especially servers made sure that we were being treated like royalty. It was a much better experience than the one we had a previous night in a fancy restaurant.
 Its a great getaway from the overwhelming noise snd smells of bourbon while still keeping up the ambiance.Ate there 7-20-15. Food was plain and uninspired. My party tried the twisted Mac, chicken and cheese, which was dry, and my hamburger was so charred tasting I couldn't finish it. The only decent item was the Jumbo Combo appetizers. Our waiter was not the best, he essentially wrote our order, returned later to drop off our items, and disappeared. All at inflated prices. I expected much more from such a legendary eatery. Very disappointed.Great location, Right on burbon Street. Although there are a lot of local eatery but if you want to go for a chain restaurant then this could be a good place.
The only reason for the bad rating is that we found a metal piece in our food. Went here for lunch on Sunday afternoon with friends. We ordered brushetta, cauliflower wings, nachos and chicken salad. After eating half of brushetta I found a big enough paper pin like metal piece. We called our server and told her and she immediately took away the dish and later manager checked with us but I could have eaten that metal piece and that could have been very serious. Not sure how did that metal piece landed in our dish but it's a serious issue.We ate here because there was a 2 hour wait everywhere else. I had never eaten at a HRC before and I was pleasantly surprised
 Food was good, plenty of it and service was good too. Menu about what you would expect but lots of variety. Kids would love the decor. A bit expensive for a burger but it is on Bourbon Street.I've been to a lot of HRC around the world and the food always sucks, so I don't eat here anymore. I only go to the gift shop to buy pins and a patch. George at the gift shop has the best attitude, he gets 5 stars.The service from our waitress was amazing! Loved the atmosphere and overall feel of the place. I ate a burger that was absolutely phenomenal! It was probably the best place I ate at on bourbon st. Very good staff and mgmt even came and made sure we enjoyed our meal! Will definitely return next time I am in New Orleans.This was a wonderful place for lunch yesterday.  Had the Atomic burger with artisan chile fries and a Southern Jam beverage.  Really delicious.  Our server Ty was fantastic and helpful.  Apparently, he has only been there for a week.  Excellent hire!Shouldn't even be 1 star.
Walked in hungry for a Hard Rock Burger but after being ignored at first by hostess for no reason she mumbled something and I assumed it meant 'take any open table' I wondered inside.  Most non-occupied tables were jot cleaned up but there were a couple available.  I was approached by a waitress who politely told me I needed to be seated by the hostess so I went back and asked to be seated at a table.  The look from the hostess was more of a dazed stare.  Just my observation.  She again mumbled something and I just said 'thank you' and left.
Worst. Service. EverWent here to buy their merchandise, the cashier was really nice. And we got a good deals on their Hard Rock shirt that was on sale. We didn't eat at their restaurant we chose to eat somewhere else at Bourbon St.Don't go if you're not starving to death. Service is okay. Food is barely mediocre. It's New Orleans, tons of great places to go!Hubby and I decided to stop here as they were on the way back to our hotel.  We were seated promptly, but it took about 5 minutes before a waiter came to our table which is a little long to me to not even be acknowledged.  The rtest of the meal was fantastic!  Our server Joe was also pretty good.
We ordered the pulled pork nachos as an app to share which was pretty good.  They were piled high and there was no shortage on cheese though.  The only surprising thing is that the pulled pork had no barbecue sauce which is what you would expect from vinegar based sauces.
Both hubby and I ordered the ribs which came with a rack of ribs, ranch barbecue beans, chunk of cornbread, and a small side cup of cole slaw.  The rib rack was HUGE on both our plates and tasted great!  I didn't think too much of the beans and personally don't prefer vinegar based coleslaw, but hubby enjoyed both.  Although the cornbread was a little dry and crumbly, it tasted perfect with the extra side of barbecue sauce I requested.Solid late night eats after the Billy Idol show. Always interesting stuff to look at. Cute beer bottle styled lighting above the bar. Pretty standard HRC food. Was happy it was thereI would like to give some more stars... I love their chicken tupelo. The beans are amazing but the ribs didn't taste good for a few visits there. The music was very low.
Adriana K.I first went here 2 decades ago...or at least got the classic t-shirt. We had planned to try ACME Oyster House but the line was around the corner. The food and service for us at this HRC seemed a notched better than others. I had some delicious jambalaya, wife tried the Cauliflower burger, kids had classic nachos and chicken fingers. All were very happy! Thanks again HRC! Love All, Serve All!Great service, great food, and great prices! One of my favorite hard rocks I've been to out of at least 25. Also has great memorabilia! Definitely recommended, especially if you're under 21 and wanna eat on Bourbon street lol.Second time I have eaten at a hard rock cafe.
Awesome as usal! I had a giant burger and got the $14 cocktail that you actually get to keep the glass.
Desert was also sooo good.
Hilly recommend coming here!Quite open, cafeteria style seating. Less cool than any other Hard Rock we have been too. Food below average - both in general and for HR. Nachos not crisp and spareribs dry. Drinks were mediocre too, and high priced. Service was very friendly, but quite slow. Will not be going back.Came in on a Thursday night and was quickly seated with my husband. Service was prompt and friendly and the food was pretty good. The bruschetta appetizer was our favorite!I came here for dinner with friends after riding on the steamboat. We decided to come here because there was relatively no line. Our original plan was to go to Acme Oyster House, however the line was massive.
If you have been to one Hard Rock, you have basically been to them all. The menu does not vary much per location. There might be some local flavor in the menu but the majority of the menu is the same.
I ordered a burger and fries. They were for the most part pretty basic and there was no issues with them. The downgrade in stars comes from the volume of the music and the lack attention from our waitress. We constantly had to ask other servers about getting more water. However, when it counted, she was there.
I can't say that I would be back because there are so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans. Given that there was nothing especially special about the Hard Rock Cafe, it does not make my top list of places to eat at in NOLA.This place was EVERYTHING AND MORE!!!!
I dine at the HARD ROCK for dessert; (after leaving a 5 star unprofessional, and highly unrecommended restaurant called Emeril's).  
My waitress Michelle was heaven sent, she cheered my broken spirit completely up.  She was so professional, and her spirit was amazingly beautiful.  Michelle made me feel like she was excited that I choose, Hard Rock to celebrate my birthday, and have dessert at her location. 
Talk about 5 star professionalism treatment.  
We even heard the LIVE BAND going down the streets of Bourbon, I just wanted to run to the door to watch and listen.  You can feel the love in this place, and down the street.
I even witness her handle a table that was a group of 5-6 people order EVERYTHING, and EVERYTHING was delivered to the table, and ALL those people were gone right after the meal was severed. And mostly all the food was still on their plates.  Michelle handed that with complete grace. And her attitude stayed at an all time happy, and welcoming.  Very beautifully lady inside and out.  
I wish I can add the photos! 
I left Michelle an appreciation note with a tip, and she absolutely loved it, we even gave each other a hug.  She's the ONLY waitress I've ever hugged.  She accepted my note, as if she needed to hear, read, and see the acknowledgment; I needed to meet someone like her, after the very bad experience I had at Emeril's.  I shared my story with her, and Michelle was so apologetic on Emeril's behave, repeatedly, as if she did it.
We even purchase items from the gift shop, where I met this beautiful newly mother name Niadia, she was so welcoming, this woman felt family!  She was extremely helpful, and very knowledgable about their items.
The beautiful, AMAZING, OVER THE TOP SERVICE, is when I returned back home to Houston, Texas, and tried on my shirt; that did not fit well.  I thought; oh well, we have a location here, I'll just go exchange it.  But it wouldn't have the NEW ORLEANS name on the shirt.
I called and spoke with a lady who was extremely helpful, and understanding; and the same thing happened to her, when she visit NYC.  She assisted me along with the approval of Maggie L.  These ladies are truly amazing.  
I sent back the shirt, with the tags, and receipt.  
Not only did Maggie L send me back the correct size t-shirt, but she; wrapped my t-shirt with hard rock signature, gift wrapping paper, placed it inside of a neon green Hard Rock signature string backpack, along with the original and new receipt, and her business card.  I had to reach out and thank her, and her team for an fabulous experience, and memory.   I felt so much love from this place, even after I retuned home.  I'll Never forget any of them!  All of them deserve promotions. 
I will definitely, make it a point to visit this location, whenever I'm in the city.Just wanted food to-go: asked to order from the bar, the bartender was busy and took a break while my food was on order. It took some time to get his attention to pay after I got my food, got home (1 block) and it was no longer remotely warm.Service at the bar was great! Gipsey was a great bartender!If you are looking for a place that might have a table fairly quickly that is above fast food in taste and price, but can still accommodate poorly dressed and slightly buzzed clientele who don't want to spend a fortune or tempt fate with spicier local fare, this could be the one.
This Hard Rock has cool looking Dr. Seuss like floors, but is otherwise a bit on the ordinary side. The move to this location was probably a must for the Hard Rock brand, but it does not inspire.
The food and the service are commensurate with other Hard Rock locations. However, when you look around and see un-bussed tables or go into restrooms that are not exactly clean, you don't always leave feeling great about the experience. That was my experience here.
The service here is good, but could be even better.My party & I were throughly pleased with our menu selections  tangy wngs, cowboy steak, Cesar w/salmon (perfectly grilled), Arnold Palmer, margaritas....along w/ EXCELLENT, COURTEOUS service provided by manager Mark, Host Ashley, and server Kelly. 
naturally New OrleansSo all together it was a pretty the experience was pretty standard. The floor was the wrong texture for wet shoes, it was another rainy day in New Orleans, and when we got inside I almost slipped twice. The food was pretty standard American I got the potatoes skins which were pretty bland. The cheese burger with the bacon, the best thing was the fries with the garlic herb seasoning and the apple pie crumb. The service wasnt bad, Hannah was very nice and patient. The other down fall is the parking with it being on Bourbon the parking is usually a parking garage or catch an uber.I always love the hard rock in any city I visit! However, the buffalo wings were a little dry and I was turned off by no celery and blue cheese offering. But overall, the service is fantastic, the atmosphere is fun and when you get sick of the creole and heavy southern food, this hard rock is a great escape during a NOLA visit!An act of desperation to get away from the Cajun/Creole monopoly in the French Quarter. Unfortunately it is on Bourbon Street, the one place you don't want to eat. It is all for the tourists and you know what that means!
Atmosphere     80      Its the Hard Rock
Service            75       Trained but slow
Food                70       Really bad, not only for the Hard Rock but for anywhere
Value               65       The quality was so bad, this is probably a polite grade
Keep looking, but get off Bourbon Street. It is better on the side streets.Had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger with seasoned fries. Burger was cooked perfectly and the fries were flavourful. Not a long wait to be served.Excellent food and service. We had mac n cheese with pulled pork. Absolutely delicious and the garlic bread was great. Also had the legendary burger. It was very good. The portion was so big i couldn't finish it. The fruity cocktails were very good too. Nice atmosphere.Probably the worst service I have EVER had at a restaurant! Will never return to the Hard Rock in New Orleans, waste of my time.The food was okay, and the waitress was sweet. What I didn't like, which is why I'm giving it two stars is; when me and my dad first came, we were not greeted by the people who stands in the front taking reservations and finding you a table We were standing infront of them for maybe 5-10 minutes, first in line, without them even saying hi to us. I tried to ask for a table, but they were to just with something else. That didn't make me feel welcome at all. I were at Hard Rock café in Gdansk in Polen a few weeks ago, and I visited  Hard Rock Café, and I have a really good experience. Sad I didnt have it this time. Beside careless people in the front, we had to wait 30-40 minutes for a table. It wasn't worth it.A fan of rock n' roll and strong cocktails? Stop by the Hard Rock cafe and check out their drink specials, artist memorbilia, and satisfy your tummy with some all American menu items. The decor is chic and warm, and good music of all eras plays throughout. During Halloween they had the "Evil eye" cocktail that was spooktacular!Okay, so yeah, you're in NOLA, why go to Hard Rock? I get it. I questioned myself. But...I am a Louisiana native, so I can get awesome food anywhere. So, this particular night, I was there with some friends from out of town celebrating  a graduation. I gave several ideas, but they have three small kids with them and a rather picky bunch, so this was the choice, and it ended up being a good one. 
Parking, well, no. I always park near the Shoppes at Canal by the river. So that's a walk. 
They were told it would be about 45 minutes wait. When the rest of us arrived, I was amused that they brought us into a large empty room. There was so much seating. 
Service was good...it was a bit slow especially with kids. But we ordered. After a longer than usually wait, most of our food came out. I ordered the new cauliflower burger. It was good but when  you're thinking you're going to get something sort of healthy and it's deep friend...hmmm. Another person's simple nacho order never came until 20 minutes in. So hers was comped.
Over all, good for tourists, I hate that i went there as a state local...but oh well. Just promise me if you go there,  you'll actually find somewhere that's local and true for your next meal!This has to be one of the nicest buildings and restaurants on Bourbon Street. Clean, smells good inside, cold drinks, decent food, bad azz bar & atmosphere. Good Eats & Cheers!Last night in New Orleans and decided to be lame and eat at a place we could have anywhere...but we needed to collect the t-shirt... I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good as pork sandwiches go. Flavorful and the meat was moist. Dry pulled pork isn't good. One of us also got the barbecue sampler and the pork ribs were actually great. Not great like Mueller's in Taylor TX, but very good for what our expectations were here. Overall a pretty good experience. Did I mention that we were on Bourbon street in the French Quarter? Watching the humanity out on the street on a Saturday night is 
something to behold...and it's not even Mardi Gras.Thanks to our beautiful waitress tonight for making our date night so special. Lindsey is the bomb. She was funny and on point. The food was good too. Of course.The atmosphere is so cool. This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe and I'm glad this location was my first. Our waiter was Stevie and he was the nicest waiter I've had in a long time. Excellent service. We ordered the potato skins and the shrimp and both were really good!Just dropped in a quick bite. I ordered the wing appetizer. They were good, but on the small size. If I had wanted something more filling this would not have done the trick. Keep that in mind if you order them. My server Chelsey was really nice and attentive.Had a great time, food was great, fun atmosphere! Girls, the bathrooms are pretty good!Service has always been good, even on busy days.  Waiters are usually prompt and attentive.  Menu is standard, along with their prices.  On a busy day where they said their kitchen was backed up, our food was out faster than some fast food chains.  For the area of NOLA it is in, the location is very clean.  Has a bar for any waits, though always been seated immediately.  And a gift shop.Meh, definitely not the best food. I ordered the ribs- they were burnt and not very meaty. I asked for none of the sides because I don't eat them and they all still came on my plate:(. My boyfriend ordered the jumbo sampler and liked some of the stuff but not everything. They did have $3 mimosas which was a plus. It's a cool atmosphere but the food is not good.Went to eat here since it was attached to our hotel. They messed up our order I ordered a well done burger and got my boyfriends medium well and vice versa. Waitress sucked therefore no tip for her. Wasn't impressed.Hands down the worst service. I'm not a bad customer or a demanding one. I'm on a family vacation on route to my sisters wedding in Florida.  I decided to stop at this location because it's of course the Hard Rock Cafe. I sat with my family about 5 with two toddlers when the server undoubtedly ignored our table. We waited two and half hours for our meal. We spoke with the manager about the service and the only result the restaurant could offer was a 20$ discount. Seriously?! 
I observed the waiter as being forgetful and would ignore our table when he was making his routine checkup on his tables. We had to ask a server from a different section for accommodations like drinks and refills. 
Either the server we had was racist against minorities which I respectfully don't want to accuse our server for being one or that he was seriously hating his job for being a server. 
I recommend no one have the waiter with blond hair, brown eyes, skinny/fit, and tall section ever!!! 
And most of all, I recommend a 1 star for a chain restaurant for hiring a waiter that does not maintain the quality service and service for all patrons regardless of color, race, creed, gender, preference, age, height, weight, fashion, and origin.ate here had a hamburger for my 16th birthday im a fan love to come here when visitingThis location has been the venue for the Louisiana Heroes Project annual Rockin' with Santa event for several years now. Hard Rock Cafe is generous with their space and the staff is very nice and attentive to any needs....this is nice for the veterans and first responders that the event is intended for. The bathrooms are clean and cute! The walls are covered in music memorabilia from special guitars to Ozzy Osbourne's shoes. My family sometimes avoids events as we are a military family with issues to deal with but we look forward to coming here for the holiday event because we feel welcome and comfortable here. To top the day off, Santa comes out with a mohawk! I will post pics.The coleslaw was dry and the ribs had some sort of unseen mysterious skin underneath. Will not come back. Oh and the side portions are served in a shot glass... LOL?!You'd think for such a prime location, it'd be legit for a Hard Rock. What a frickin' letdown!  
Staff - 1/5: Forgetful server, didn't really know the first thing about customer service. It took us forever and a day to flag the person down for something as simple as asking for a refill or paying the check. To make the situation worse, someone in my party was having a birthday on that day, and by the time the b-day crew came around, the whole Hard Rock experience was already ruined. One person that did stick out positively was a staff member in the Rock shop. Their customer service skills was on point.
Location- 2/5: The only saving grace for this is location location location. Right there on the famous Bourbon St. Yay? 
Food - 1/5: From all the locations I've been to, this was a serious let down. The Texan burger (coming from a Texan, mind you) didn't match the name at all due to its lack of flavor. One of my guests said the pasta was too peppered. Then my bday persons "sundae" was super melted when that got to the table.
Pricing - 1/5: it's Hard Rock in a tourist destination. What do you expect?
Overall - 1/5: No ma'am/sir. You may be right in regards to where you're located but y'all got work to do in other areas.The food was delicious. The service was great. The wait staff was very personable and friendly. I'm not a huge fan of seafood or fried food, so having a restaurant in close to Bourbon street with healthier non-seafood options is a plus.Great BBQ ribs pork chic. Had a taste and when I saw what they looked like had to order. I'd go back.We came in for happy hour and had such a great time!  Our bartender's name was Norman, and he was awesome.  So much so, we came back the next day and had a great time!  We had several items on the menu, my favorite was the hot wings!  Everything else was just ok, kind of bland for me.  Drinks were great!Horrible service. Food was somehow both cold & burnt. Saw waitress twice; to order & to pay.Located off of bourbon st. In downtown New Orleans. Rock Cafe is pretty lively just like the rest of the city! The burger was awesome and so were the fries! Beware of drunks!
FOOD: 5/5
SERVICE: 4/5
AMBIANCE: 4/5
PRICE: $$Sat at the bar, had incredibly attentive bartenders; George and Norm are gems!! Engaging, helpful and eager to serve. Great margaritas, food was wonderful. The service was the real winner! Great staff.Not horrible, but what you'd expect... jambalaya wasn't bad, Nachos were standard. No surprises...The food was not cooked properly (chicken was raw). The manager took it off our bill, but the service we received was sub-par.Amazing place to eat and the service is amazing. The food is overall orgasmic. Great place for family, groups, and etc. the food is a bit pricey depending on your taste. I came as group with family and we had an wonderful time. We walked away happy and full with our HARD ROCK CAFE experience .A little disappointed that they didn't have a local legendary burger the time I went but the tango burger was excellent. For desert a must try is the Oreo cheesecake. Service was pretty good.The decor is the only reason I didn't give this HRC a one-star rating.  The food at every HRC we go to is getting blander and more generic; and the quality of the food is going downhill.  On top of that, service at this HRC is HORRIBLE.  Do they train their servers to ignore their customers or what?This is in regards to their party planner. If you want a party here, prepare to NOT get treated like you're bringing in near $2K of revenue and a valued customer, and more treated like you're dealing with a used car salesman.  A certain female who I won't name is their group party planner, and we came in and told her that on a Wednesday in the month of May when there's ZERO going on in the city (conventions or events) we were going to bring in my 30 person bachelor party dinner from all over the country to start if off at Hard Rock. She told me and my Best Man that since it was a Wednesday and we're bringing in so many people we could have the party room, or at least part of it, for no charge and a party food and beverage minimum of $800 or so "once I check with the manager". Which is fine because we were sure we'd spend that. A month later after she finally responds to my Best Man's emails, she has now upped the minimum from $800 to $5,000!! But "I may be able to lower it to $2,500 depending on the details". And ALSO added on that we must "have to staff a person at $100 to stay in the Voodoo Room so you all can enter and exit the Iberville Street entrance." How did it go from $800...to essentially $5,100?? Also, Hard Rock's food is not that expensive. There's no way that everyone is going to spend $5,000, that's asinine and ridiculous. So essentially, she wanted to skim off the top and make money off us. Meanwhile, Dickie Brennan's (an upscale steak restaurant) has a minimum of $1,800 "food and beverage spend" with no random $100 charge for a person to watch a door you won't use. Also, Dickie Brennan's is way more expensive (better food also) and they have half the required spending amount. Please tell me how that works? If you wanna get lunch here maybe that's cool, but don't try to have a party here because they'll just waste your time and try to bamboozle you. Only reason I wrote this was because they wasted over a month of back and forth emails with my Best Man (half the time not responding in a timely fashion) and therefore wasted my time as well, when I just needed to plan things for my wedding. Want to see cool things on the wall? Go to Hard Rock. Want to deal with good people, go through another restaurant in the French Quarter.Came down to the city for a weekend getaway with my sister, and we decided to go to Hard Rock Cafe our first night in New Orleans. She wanted steak and I wanted wings and a burger. We decided on Hard Rock since they had all three and we would both be satisfied. Everything was at least decent, but the wings were the highlight!
First, let me start off about the service. The hostess at the stand was nice and prompt, and the guy who seated us was pleasant as well. Our waitress, Becca, was very nice and attentive. She had quite a few other tables because it was after 10 on a Friday night, but she was still awesome!
Now on to the food...we shared an order of wings for an appetizer and got them buffalo style. You can really taste the smoke flavor and the buffalo sauce gives them a nice kick as well. There's a perfect balance of smokiness and heat and they were sooo good! My sister ordered the NY strip steak and she enjoyed it. I tried a piece of it, and I didn't care for it that much...but I just recently started eating steak so it may have just been my tastebuds. I ordered the big cheeseburger which has a 1/2 pound patty that comes with three slices of cheese (I got American). It has to be made with some pretty lean ground beef because the patty seemed to be a 1/2 pound after cooking as well. It was seasoned well, but I asked for it to be cooked medium and it was on the verge of well done which is definitely too "done" for my liking. The brioche bun was very dense and too thick so I ended up cutting half off the top of my bun. Overall it was still a good burger.
FYI...the wings were so good that my sister wants to go back before we head out lolThe food and service was OK. Not bad but just your typical tourist trap. We were just looking for normal american food rather than creole/ cajun. Definitely a bit expensive for what you get..Lousy service, overpriced food and a manager that doesn't have a clue. We waited over a half hour after being seated and still noone came to our table to offer us even a water, and the place wasn't even busy on a monday nightl! We got up and left. Don't waste your time or money. Head over to Bayou Burger & Sports Co. for a great meal.Food is typical for a Hard Rock Cafe, however, the service was exceptional.   I didn't catch our server's name, but he had a music note tattooed on his nose.  We are a large family with 5 kids and he was fantastic.  Everyone from the hostess at check in to the cashier in the shop was friendly and helpful and just went above and beyond. We had a great experience.On a Saturday night on bourbon street - we were able to get in for early dinner.  We needed light and healthier fare than the fast stuff on Bourbon. 
Enjoyed our buffalo cauliflower wings a lot - really good!  
Chicken salad and chicken sandwich were good and service was decent.Great service. Fun and family friendly atmosphere. We love visiting HRC's in the different states we visit and this one did not disappoint! 
We had the Jumbalaya and it was fantastic.I've visited my fair share of Hard Rock Cafes around the Southeastern United States, and they're all pretty much the same. The best of the best is usually hovering around a 7.5/10, with the mess-ups usually earning a 3/10 from me.
This time was a 7/10. The onion rings appetizer was good, crisp, not soggy, and came with a delectable barbecue sauce that I can still remember vividly.
The Local Legendary burger at this location was a normal burger with crawfish tails all up inside it, and it worked wonderfully. I haven't had one like that before, and I really enjoyed it. If it wasn't for the semi-usual below average service, I would have dished out a 4-star review.I chose here because Bourbon street is really dirty and this is one of the few times I would choose a chain store. It was also after 11 so most higher rated places where closed. We ordered the wings and burgers and weren't disappointed. Good service and good food.If you've been to one, you've been to all. I had fajitas, which were ok. That's all I'll say about the food. 
We came on Lundi Gras with a group of six. The host with dreadlocks was a little rude, enforcing that we "don't pass behind the line before our table is ready!" (God forbid!) Then we were sat in a side room, in the very back near the kitchen when a whole bunch of other tables were open. 
At least our server was sweet and attentive.Great servers , I loved the salmon dish I ordered, I don't remember the exact name of it , but it was delicious . And it's it's really stylishLoved the museum surroundings and the large screen playing music videos nonstop. The ambiance at the bar was friendly. The baby back ribs was fall-off-the-bone tender. I enjoyed everything about the entire experience.Omg! Could the service be any worse? 15 mins for glass of wine, 25 for my husband's Pepsi. 40 mins for my salad. My husband's took another 20. Then they brought out wrong burger, with mushrooms, to which I am allergic. Another try. 10 mins later, the right burger. Very good. But tainted my the awful service. Who is running this place?Food was typical hard rock. Little bit of an issue with the yelp code but they took care of it. Waitress was nice and the manager came through at the end.Fruit fly in my drink. Fruit flys flying around  at the bar. Clean your shit up Hard Rock! Bartender acted like it was normal. Call John from Bar Rescue he would not be impressed!What a disappointment! I've been to other Hard Rocks, so I thought I knew what we would get, not the case here. Place was almost empty and the hostess tells us we will have to wait 45mins for a party of seven. As I thought, it didn't take 45 mins, manager had us sit within 10 mins. Hostess not very pleasant at all. Our waitress very nice and attentive, however the food fell short of good. One Mac and cheese came out cold, kids pizza burnt on the bottom crust and nacho nothing but chips.How did this place get such high ratings? 
We went here because some in our party don't eat seafood so options were limited in a short notice. I wish I had skipped lunch. There was a group of us and I will say that we were seated promptly and that our server was awesome.
The food was overpriced and noone liked their meals. This wasn't a picky group obviously because they chose a chain restaurant. None of us finished our meals. 
Nothing else is even noteworthy.Since visiting New Orleans I must say the Hard Rock Cafe had the best customer service yet. Our server Yanna was amazing and made us feel welcomed. We almost gave up on customer service while visiting here. Food was great and didn't mind leaving our money there. Thank you Yanna for keeping it real.Hard Rock Café fan... Always! I have been to HardRock Cafés around the globe and love them always. Especially music! I love the fact that they have this amazing ambience and I kind of love it! We had Beer and Jäger Bombs! The staff is very jovial and friendly! I personally loved it.In all honesty this place doesn't even deserve the one star yelp makes you rate a place. Hands down the worst service and food our entire trip here. Pamela was our server, and she put the wait in waitress. It took forever for someone to even come greet our table of two and take a drink order. Then we didn't see her again for another few minutes which was fine, neither of us were ready to order. Once we ordered it felt like another eternity before our food arrived. Mind you this place was NOT packed. Total of maybe 10 tables in the whole restaurant. We received our food to only find that is was over cooked and one of our plates was missing an item. We didn't even mention it to our WAITress because she took her sweet time coming back to the table to check on us. Her way of checking on us was dropping a refill and asking if we were fine then scurrying away. We had been ready to leave with our plates still full of food but were patiently awaiting the bill. Finally she came around and I asked for the bill, only to have it return 5-10 min later. Note: the restaurant is still as dead as it was when we walked in. It sat on our table for another 5-10min until she came to grab it and we tried to tell her we didn't receive said item and we didn't want to be charged for it. She then proceeded to argue with us and say that she herself checked the food to make sure the bacon was in the dish. Which is what not. Wasn't worth the argument on our end as we were just ready to go and I was done dealing with her. Never in my life have I felt like such a burden as a customer. I advise not darkening their doors as there are too many restaurants in the area that will treat you better and their food is fantastic. 
Also note: it is extremely rude to highlight how much someone should tip you. You receive tips based on service and as you can guess hers was not good. I too waitress at a local restaurant where I live. I would never direct there eyes to how much money they should leave me. It should be based on your work performance. Give shitty service, argue with your customers then you get a shitty tip.Terrible. Was seated and never assigned a waiter or waitress. Complete pandemonium. Multiple orders have come out of the kitchen and the waitresses just walk around asking what each table ordered with food in hand. It's clear that the staff are all friends just wanting to hang out and not work. Big cluster of staff up front talking and no direction else where.Both the food and service are extremely poor & slow.  I ordered several things and each one was not available.  The wait for food was over an hour.  The last thing I ordered was the ribeye medium rare and it came out long after everyone else's food and virtually raw.  The amount of blood on the plate was extraordinary and disgusting.  The only thing that was edible were the drinks.  At least if the food and service sucks, you can get drink.  I have eaten at other Hard Rock Cafes and they were great.  This one is the opposite and the waste of a potentially great meal in a great food city.  Don't waste your precious time and meals here!Service was great and the food was average but not bad. The place was very clean and the bar was cool. My best pick when it comes to eating on bourbon st.Came here to get my dad a shot glass to add to his collection and decided to have lunch after walking Bourbon Street that morning. Got the chicken club and it did not have a ton of flavor but the ingredients had a lot of good quality to them. The highlight was the manager that stopped and talked to us and told us more about the area and some local things to do. She was amazing!!This is a Nice Hard Rock Cafe in the corner of Bourbon street and Iberville Street, the bar is fine and the restaurant is big, I liked it , we will be back soon !!!!!Food is very good especially burger. staff was super nice dirnks excellent. Odd to go their for us, in NOLA with so many good places but pleasantly surprised.Drinks were great! Bartender, Erin- slight attitude, for no reason. Dave though, was awesome!No, no, no! Don't visit this HRC. The food was bad, stale and not worth consuming. The service was the worst. It wasn't busy enough to warrant the slow service and would never be acceptable.We normally love the Hard Rocks. However, Devon ruined are experience!! We had to wait to be served dinner and went to to the bar. Devon acted like we were a nuisance and chastised us for being in the server line af the bar. You  can let people know in a friendly way. Totally uncalled for.There are those times when you wished you had just ordered in. This was one of those events. I ordered a veggie burger with onion rings. The burger was basically raw and no flavor. It had a whole bell pepper crushed and grilled on the burger. The service was ok. Biggest complaint was with the taste of the burger and lack serving size. I ordered a side on onion rings which we got 5 small rings for $6.95. The burger was a premade patty and was $13.95. This was a very disappointing meal. Hard rock should really evaluate their vegetarian meal options. This was a big mistake that I want make again.In a nutshell the food was OK but the service was awful. Although we were seat quick the server was very aloof and messed up several of the item requested.Waited over 45 minutes for food and not once was checked on by the waiter. Worst experience ever in New Orleans. Avoid at all costs if you can, and I frequent hard rocks everywhere, was never treated so terrible at any of them like here. Disappointing and someone from the Franchise or a General Manager needs to step in. Not only did we wait 45 mins but the food was freaking cold when we got it with no apologies and not one time a drink refill. Terrible service and bad food. All around AVOID. We should have been compensated on our meal. So frustrating.Didn't eat much but had a few beers and chicken nachos best nachos I have had in a very long timeStopped in playing "tourist" in my own City! My fience and I had the Jumbo Combo which was an assortment of the appetizers. It was delicious! If you try the Bruschetta, it's great, it is chilled tho. The crusty cheesy Flat bread is sooooo Good!Service and staff were amazing and the food was the bomb. Even got collectible bevis glasses. Apple cobbler was heaven!!Wonderful experience. My girlfriend and I walked in and were seated at a four top on a busy night. I told the hostess that if they were busy we could sit at the open two top next to us but she said that our comfort was most important. Our waiter came and took our order and was very nice. Only downside was a group of drunk girls screaming and yelling behind us but thats not the restaurants fault. Food was good, a little pricy but not awful. Great place. Will Return.H.O.R.R.I.B.L.E!!!
Both my brother and I had a piece of SPINACH at the bottom of our chocolate milkshakes. When I told the server he just said "Oh okay" and walked away. The manager did come over but this totally ruined our meal. The server messed up multiple orders and did not do a good job.One night in NOLA i decided to let others decide where we should dine. In the city of gumbo, cajun, creole jambalaya, po'boys... 
What do they pick??? The Hard Rock...
At first, i thought it was a joke and that we were simply going to rampage the gift shop (like we had done on several other locations).
Sadly i was mistaken.
So, here we go, wait is 30 minutes;that alone could have been a deterrent but we were glutton for punishment.
When it was pur turn to be seated we were placed right under the vent with A/C pumping full speed, we did "the shuffle" trying to seat those who suffered the most the furthest (we asked for a different seating arrangement but it was packed).
Drinks/cocktails came with no price (RED flag).
We got onion rings (fairly good but NOT the best i had at HRC), salmon (only good dish of the night), ribs (dried and barely warm), steak (asked for medium rare and got medium-well, after a 20 minute wait... dreaded how much longer it'd he for a new one and chose to eat what i had)...
The tattooed server was very nice and accommodating but that didn't prevent us from not being rather disappointed with our meal.
Next time I am tempted to let someone else choose where we dine in NOLA (or anywhere else for that matter), I'll remember this experience and say "oooh heeel noooo--ooooo"Food was only mediocre.  Service was ok until they didn't bring my wife a second beer for like 20 mins. The music was like listening to a pop station for teenagers NOT HARD ROCK by any means.  I would go back if someone had to go there but I wouldn't recommend itOverall, I am disappointed in the hard rock.  There is a lot of competition in the area which makes it even more important to perform. Unfortunately, my Sazerac was terrible.  The chips and salsa were not good either because the chips were stale.  The nachos were surprisingly better after the chips and salsa. Overall, the hard rock has a great name brand. With a little more thought and effort in the food and drink, the experience would be much better.This was my first time here. I was walking around and stumbled across it. I'm glad I did because I really enjoyed it. The staff was very informative and friendly. The food and drinks were also tasty and well made. To eat I had the cauliflower burger which I thought sounded interesting. I was not disappointed and the fries were very flavorful also.Incredibly disappointed. My friends and I sat down for lunch at exactly 11:00 and all ordered simple salads by 11:05 (all that jambalaya and gumbo caught up to us!). We did not receive our food until a full hour later, and the restaurant was half empty when we arrived. We let or server know upfront that we had to leave around 12:10 for the airport, so the time was extra frustrating. The manager eventually took our salads off our checks, but made it very clear she was not happy to compensate us and did not even say the word "sorry" when she came over to "apologize." I do not recommend this restaurant at all and would expect better staff in such a tourist hotspot.I ordered steak and potatoes and they were great. The service was excellent even though they were extremely busy. The atmosphere was that of the average hard rock cafe. Good place to eat if you are in the area.Do not come here, go anywhere else but here. I'm embarrassed that I came here in the first place. Everything about this place is bad from the service and especially the food. You have plenty of choices on The French Quarter chose something else.George George George !!!
This man went above and beyond . He was at many stations helping out everywhere .  Our visit was amazing . Food was excellent . I ordered the bbq shrimp and grits and my friend ordered fajitas . George was very warm and welcoming . He is the heart of this location . Give this man a promotion !!Love love the new location and the menu is not the typical they put a Cajun flare to this location.  The staff are all nice but our favorite is Ana (the Gypsy) Sophia Vega we have followed her from another restaurant and just love her. Their margaritas are made from fresh squeezed juice not bottled 3$ during happy hour.Walked in with my son, and the hostess ignored us for 5 minutes. Literally, stood in front of us, looking down, talked to others, and even walked off and walked back up like if she turned away we'd disappear. Then decides to talk to me and say if we wait five MORE minutes, we can sit in a booth in the back. Even though I can see ten open tables from the hostess station. Told her to keep her table. Didnt eat there. Went elsewhere in the Quarter who happily seated us. Rude and disrespectfulTypical Hard Rock. Awesome food. I've been to Hard Rocks all over the globe, and somehow the taste of the food never varies from place to place. That's not a bad thing either. The pulled pork is my go to.The food was awful.  Ordered nachos.  The tortilla chips were stale and the cheese was not melted.  And,  the service was awful.  I would recommend that you look elsewhere.The place is nice.  Clean for the most part. The staff is very nice and stays on top of you.  They have a few cool pieces of history. The beer bottle ceiling  over the bar is cool.  The music videos  with the song will keep you entrained.  They do work hard here.  The hostess  tells you who your server is. Typical pricing. The AC is turned up which is a plus.After being incredibly disappointed with the previous nights meal, my friend and I were very indecisive. After wandering the French quarter aimlessly, not wanting to spend a ton of money not knowing the quality, we settled for Hard Rock Cafe. Being from Los Angeles, we thought it was funny that this was the first time either of us had eaten at a hard rock. We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip, which was nothing special, but satisfying nonetheless. Then we ordered the original legendary burger to share. It was the perfect amount of food, but we rushed through our meal because it was so obnoxiously loud.The service was not very good at all. It might have been because it was busy.
The food was excellent however. I got the NY strip with a side salad instead of the seasonal veggies with a sprite. Service could have been way way way better but our waitress was very nice.
Extremely loud place I sat on the far end of the table and could barely hear our soft-spoken waitress, either turn the noise level down or speak up/shout!
Besides the bad service, the one other thing I didn't like was the fact that my side salad came out when my steak did. At that point I realized it said "served with" seasonal veggies, and I replaced it with a side salad instead, so obviously my food would be served with the salad. I assumed most waitresses would bring out your salad beforehand, but I am not a local so maybe I am wrong for New Orleans though at the other restaurants my salad was served first.
On the bright side other than the good food, we were seated quickly. One thing I found odd was when I walked in solo, I said "I'd like a table of 5", I was greeted respectfully though I was told that they 'have to wait to confirm it is at least a party of 5'. That was strange.
Everyone at the table complained of the service. We were there for about an hour or more, and we only saw our waitress when she asked us what we'd like to drink and eat, when she brought out our beverages and meals, and then once after to clean up before we got the check. A total of about 5 times. Believe me we are by no means high maintenance, but I most definitely needed to see my server a little more than that-- my cup sat empty on the table for quite a while along with my dry salad that needed much more ranch than just one little serving.
The fifth star was lost because of the horrible service. I completely understand being busy, as a server/waitress myself, however it was a little unreasonable and I couldn't understand why she was hardly ever in sight the entire time. I do not recall the name of our waitress, and I'm not too sure that she told us. Also there was probably only ONE person in the entire restaurant that worked there that did not have a facial piercing or extravagant body modifications such as tattoos or gauged ears. That didn't bother me or the other guests that were with me, but it just seemed strange and unusual to all of us. Maybe it is to create a "Hard Rock" atmosphere.Wonderful place! Stopped by to dodge the rain. Southwest flat bread is amazing, and the Pulled pork was really tasty. My server was a sweetheart as well! Didn't need a thing at all.Bar Service is Great. Don't eat the food here, it ain't from New Orleans.Burgers are always good here and if you have kids they now have a guitar shaped tray that is pretty cool. The sad part is this location is small not a lot going on like other locations and the gift shop is not much either. For the price it's cheaper than most around so why complainWe ate here for dinner on our first night in New Orleans. For appetizers, we had the balsamic tomato bruschetta which was fantastic. The bread was toasted perfectly, the tomatoes were fresh, and it was topped with just enough oil. It was 4 of us and we all got the jambalaya. It was very good. Very flavorful, the shrimp were huge, and the portion sizes were great.  For dessert, we had the hot fudge brownie and ice cream, which had way too much whipped cream and the apple cobbler with ice cream, which was light and delightful (the caramel sauce was to die for). My only complaint was that our server charged us for an extra drink and I had to send the check back twice in order to get it fixed. Overall good experience - great food and good service.Wanted oysters but the lines were too long! Opted for Hard Rock were our waitress, Crystal was nice and sweet. Our order was brought to us in s timely manner and was hot! The location was in a good area and wasn't far from where we parked. I'm sure I'll be back! I would love to come here at night for a more live feel. Overall I recommend Crystal to help, she's really a sweetheart!Great service and delicious food..We were seated right away and immediately was served. Our party of 11 was very satisfied and full when we left.The Hard Rock Cafe French Quarters New Orleans has a great atmosphere they play awesome videos while you dine. We had the  arugula salad minus the grill chicken with ex pecans and a veggie burger topped with portobello mushroom, zucchini, squash, & Swiss cheese it came with season fries with your choice of sauces. The salad was refreshing but and I enjoyed it but my dining partner said it was a bit to tangy.This place is damn disaster! We watched a bartender with a curly mustache who clearly is on a power trip deny patrons water, treat a couple who went to a club he didn't approve like dogs on the street! The manager Maggie is classless and clueless! DON'T GO! You're on bourbon street-give your business to anywhere else!I like going to Hard Rock Cafes in cities that I visit. The food is good. The dinner service was little slow, and the restaurant wasn't busy. We had burgers and gumbo. Great atmosphere. Love watching 80s music videos.Was told the wait will take 30 mins, try 1 1/2.  Also didn't know that we would have to sit in front of the stage to eat our dinner.  The to top it off crap local bands play during our meal.  Food was ok nothing special.  They did screw up my wife plain hamburger. By the shirt say you where there and go find some place better to eat.Came here for lunch in New Orleans since we were too hungry to wait until dinner . We sat down around 2 and ordered pretty immediately . Then we waited for about 45 minutes for our food ( which was pretty ridiculous ) and also waited that long for a water refill. Ya .. seriously .. drink your water slow because your waitress may simply forget you exist . With that being said, the women serving us maybe said 3 words the entire dinner , which was "and your order ?" Oh well. Maybe friendly service isn't so much a thing on bourbon street. 
I will say though the food was very delicious ! My plate of jambalaya was delicious but a little overpriced (18.95). This is a chain so I don't recommend it. Too many awesome places to go to a Hard Rock Cafe .We had the best waitress and the food was amazing. We came here last year for our wedding reception after our ceremony at Jackson square. Even then,  everything was great. The waitress brought us out a giant ice cream for the table to celebrate our anniversary. The portions are huge and the staff are fun! Will be back for sure.The server was excellent and listens.  I was so impressed with her.  The food is good.  A little to spicy for me but they adjusted for that.  The staff in the gift shop were very friendly and helpful.Took a while to get our waiter to our table but our waiter was so nice you almost forget you had to wait 15 min before you were served.  
The food was ok. I have been going to Hard Rock for many years and in many cities. The quality of food at the French Quarter location was lacking compared to other locations and years past. It is a tourist attraction but the quality of food did not equal the cost. 
Also, there wasn't much on the plate. I expected a little more than what we got. Had to buy extras because the main entree wasn't enough. For two of us having an average meal it was $70.  The only great thing about this place was there was no line to get in where the surrounding restaurants had long waits.If I could give no stars I would. We visited this restaurant for a family friendly option as we are two families traveling with 3 children under 5.  Our waitress, April, took our drink orders and proceeded to bring us full sized adult heavy glass cups for the children. When we requested cups with lids she became argumentative about the restaurant being out of lids for children's cups.  We insisted a shorter lighter cup would be preferable than the tall heavy cups we were certain they girls would spill. She unhappily brought them while continuing to argue her point.  This was bizarre as I'd assume in the service industry it would be common knowledge to bring cups toddlers would not spill - a takeout cup would have been fine, truly.  April also argued with me about my section of the quinoa and black bean burger, beginning to bash the kitchen - a topic that would continue throughout our entire meal. When I stated I don't typically eat meat she stated I should get the (not on the menu) vegetarian burger which I did.  The other mom I was with also ordered a burger though when our plates arrived neither of our burgers had toppings.  April continued to berate what she considered to be an inept kitchen staff and brought us toppings - however she took over 15 minutes to bring us toppings for one burger and by the time the toppings reached us our burgers were cold. We ended up having to flag her down to run our cards - she emphasized she was running behind due to having to help the kitchen staff and peppered her statements about them with obscene language I would have preferred my 4 year old not hear.  Trying to bring some level of tact to this ordeal I complimented her stating the restaurant was lucky to have such a dedicated multitasking server at which point she LITERALLY TOLD US that she wished she, like us, had the luxury to sit around waiting on food to be be brought to the table.  For the first time in my entire life I left no tip and a note indicating why. As I'm sure my comments were not passed along to management by April I am leaving them here.Best Hard Rock Cafe I've ever been to. Food great. Drinks great.... Loved the mojitos. Great, great service. Kiley the manager treated us like family. Our waitress was fab too. I had the pulled pork and my wife had the jambalaya. Both were excellent. Big thumbs up.It was HRC good,  no better no worse. Food took a little longer than I expected, but not too bad. My son had one of their burgers and I had the jambalaya which I think is only available in NOLA.Horrible. I will not be back EVER!!! Waited exactly 22:05 mins just to order. Then 38 mins to receive food. Rude waiter along with no Customer Service after food. I had to flag down waiter, just to get my check. Food was 3 out of 10. Do not stop here. #WASTEDMONEYWe really enjoyed this hard rock location. Very pretty inside, we had been walking for a while and lots of places didn't open until 11 or some even 12 we were ready for lunch and timing worked.... We got there around 10:55 am and they seated us. We ordered chicken fajita skillet, very spicy chicken which we particularly loved, a slightly crispy mixture of peppers and onions. We got a side of the twisted Mac and cheese also it was spicy, cheesy and yummm.Came here for lunch today with my family. Definitely not impressed, although I guess I shouldn't have had too high of hopes.
Our waitress was clueless, disappeared frequently, and needed to be reminded multiple times to refill our water glasses and take a Yelp coupon.
We waited a really long time for our food and I was not impressed. The only thing that was a hit was the dessert. 
Definitely won't come back.Right on Bourbon Street. Large restaurant. Good food. A little pricy. Had to ask for refills and they forgot some of our drinks but the server was really friendly. Did not have to wait too long for food. Wait for drinks was much longer. 
Cheque had item too Many on it. Luckily we always check the receipt.Ordered the nachos which were delicious and so was the red berry drink! Both totally recommended. However the bartender, Dave,  was rude and seemed very frustrated with us and everyone else. Not sure if he was having a bad day or what but working in service industry-you shouldn't show it.As with all Hard Rocks, it's a Hard Rock - don't expect anything more.
We did not eat but did consume some jello shots (it was Mardi Gras after all).
The bar tenders were pleasant enough, but the bet thing was the guy in the gift shop.
He's a hoot. If memory serves (did I mention it was Mardi Gras) I think he was tall and blond and a very good friend of Dorothy. He should run his own store.This place was so fun.. Alive and great local high school band playing jazz. And 80s pop flair music.Typical Hard Rock, which is normally fine. But this is New Orleans!!! I'm a Hard Rock Rewards member, so I've been to a few. Walked in off Bourbon Street; but they would not let me in to the bar because I was carrying a drink from outside!  You are on Bourbon Street for goodness sake! I bought a drink somewhere else, and I'll carry the drink I buy here to some other bar on the street!!! 
Give me a break. Won't bother coming back.The food was good, chicken slightly dry but overall good. The service was slow for myself and others. I witnessed one table walk out due to no server visit. Another table appeared to almost leave but then the server went to them. The staff seemed upbeat and happy though.Decent food. Neat celebrity guitars on the walls as well as their clothing. Probably would not go back though.For me, no visit to a new city would be complete without a stop at the local Hard Rock Café, no exception here.  For me it's never a place to dine at or check out the memorabilia but to simply buy a souvenir.
ATMOSPHERE:
The restaurant & Rock Shop currently resides on bustling Bourbon Street, but not for long I'm assuming, as I noticed a Hard Rock Hotel was being built a few blocks away so I'm sure they'll be absorbed.  The restaurant sports colorful floorboards and a pretty impressive chandelier-like art piece made out of empty bottles that hangs above the bar.  The vibe of the restaurant reminded me of a cabaret with ambient lighting and dark, bold colors.
ROCK SHOP:
Located at the front of the restaurant, t-shirt selection was not bad.  I was happy to find a camouflage print with the traditional logo on the front, something I've never seen at other cafes.  Oddly, the t-shirt sizes ran very large so I ended up picking a size smaller though I could've gone two sizes smaller if it were available.  Service was mainstream.
OVERALL:
Another t-shirt added to my already packed closet!I was actually a little surprised at how well this visit went.  The waitress was decent for a chain.  She kept the water full and got the order right.  The food was good quality.  The real treat was the Chocolate Pepsi shake.   I tried it on a whim and it was incredible.  Good job Hard Rock.Average. I could end there butttt...Lemme explain. I've been to Hard Rock ALLLL over the world. (That's really sad and pretty cool at the samn D@MN time) 
At this particular location, we landed here after several, errrrrr...Frozen drinks. It's Bourbon. It was uber-crowded. I have no idea of the time. But after 9-10pm, it matters not. Alll the restaurants are busy. When your hungry...you'll eat anywhere that has the shortest line. That was this place. We waited like 40 minutes after being told 25. They also make you toss your drinks from outside. WHHHHAAATTTT?!?!?!? Come again? I didn't hear you. You said throw this delicious combination of frozen amazing that I have waited 3 years for? All the other restaurants let you do it. BLAAAAAHHH!!! Ole party pooper people. 
Anyhoolio....I ordered a Arugula salad and fries. (yes I know. Confused, much?) My friends ordered some Chicken pasta dish and Wings. ALL OF US WERE Hungry enough to slurp Crawfish heads in abundance and we didn't eat all of our food. That's telling, is it not? I prefer local cuisine over over-hyped vanilla American burger and fries joints any day. I keep getting dragged to them by my friends that don't share the same enthusiasm for local culture. 
My recommendation: Enrich your spirit and Just eat authentic Cajun food when you're in New Orleans. Go to the places that provide a great NOLA experience.Had to have a steak, but wanted moderate pricing (def not Morton's or Ruth Criss price tonight). What our awesome waiter Antonio brought was a carnivore's delight.  Rather would have had the fries than the mashed taters. The cut fries are crisp & perfect. The broccoli was decent, it had a crunch but the end of stalk was wilted. Everyone else in the group enjoyed their meals ad well. We were seated & waited on promptly. Antonio made a fresh pot of decaf for us automatically. Def not servin the old pot. New Orleans has the best Hard Rock Cafe I've been to & I'be been to the majority of the ones in the states. Definitely recommend!After 4 days of eating "Big Food" in this wonderful city, I needed a break. I was gastronomically worn out, and didn't think I could eat another plump, juicy oyster or another bowl of fabulous seafood gumbo. I needed to back off ... so we headed out to the Hard Rock Café for supper.
My husband had an -enormous- cheeseburger. I had a Caesar salad with grilled chicken.
This was exactly what I needed. The salad was crisp, the croutons were tasty, and the dressing was delicious. The chicken was moist and very nicely seasoned. The husband only eats carbs when we are out of town, so it was wonderful watching him tackle that burger, with juice dripping down his hands, and putting fistfuls of fries into his mouth. Go baby! Go!
Overall it was a very good meal. My only complaint would be about the volume of the music being played. It's L O U D ... but I really enjoyed the selection. 
So, yeah, it's a chain restaurant, but it's not a bad option if you need a pause from all the fabulous Big Food NOLA has to offer!Make you wait 30 minutes for a table while half of the restaurant is empty. Just so you'll might buy some overpriced store items or sit on the bar.The worst 2 drinks I've ever had in a bar!!!  Ordered a Long Island Ice Tea and my wife ordered a Mojito ($23) - Mojito had 12 large mint leaves in the drink - tasted terrible compared to the 20+ other bars I've had Mojito's in.  Long Island Ice Tea tasted like gin with nothing else but water and a tiny squirt of Pepsi.  Both were weak as expected but have never had 2 worse drinks in a bar.This is the new Hard Rock location right on Bourbon St.
We did not eat here, we just shopper in the store, but we had visited the previous Nola location and it seemed bigger with a nicer souvenir shop.
The location is definitely more tourists oriented, but on a smaller scale.Hard Rock Café, New Orleans LA. We stopped here when we were actually looking for Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. in New Orleans.
Pro's
Friendly wait staff
Awesome location
Awesome décor (memorabilia is different in every Hard Rock)
Outstanding music
Larger gift shop
.
Con's
Usual touristy food
Usual over priced menu
Nothing stood out to make this location really any different from the others.
 Summary-
My now EX-Girlfriend and I found ourselves spending the day in New Orleans while on our way to Seattle from Florida. We had fun taking photos, walking through the French Quarter and looking in all the gift shops. When it came time to eat, my now EX-GF suggested we try Bubba Gumps as I had never eaten there, however it was hard to find. On the way to the area we thought it might be in, we saw Hard Rock and decided that this might be just as unique and fun.
One thing I did like about this location was the usual wait staff you look forward to seeing at Hard Rock. The Tattoo's, the rockers, the little off set, the individualistic fun people that you normally see at Hard Rock. It was interesting and usual, but nothing to write home about. Definitely stop in if you are in the area, but don't expect anything different from this location than you would find at any other.Part of that work meeting that I mentioned in a previous review involved eating lunch here at the Hard Rock Café. We had a group of 21 people. Our company booked the party area.
Included with our reservation was a table full of appetizers for us to munch on and a set menu with 5 entrées to choose from.
The appetizer table had loaded nachos, onion rings, and hot wings. I sampled the hot wings which were juicy and delicious. I didn't get to the onion rings on time but that's OK.
The entrées we had to choose from were a cheeseburger, a bacon cheeseburger, a chicken Caesar salad, a honey mustard chicken sandwich, and a pasta dish.
The three others at my table along with myself all got the bacon cheeseburger. It came with a side of fries. It was your typical burger, nothing special, nothing bad, just average. The fries were just ok.
Breaking down the components of the burger, the patty was average (could have been seasoned better), the cheese was good, and the bacon was ok. I got it without the bun as I always do (no carbs for me) so I can't judge the bun.
The service was just ok. They handled our group pretty well but were not very talkative. It seemed like they were going thru the motions like they knew they were already getting the large party gratuity and figured they didn't need to wow us.
I'm giving them three stars and that is probably generous only because we were on a time schedule and the staff got us in and out in our allotted time frame. Plus I thought their hot wings were good. But their burger was average and the service was only decent.
I'm not sure if I'd go back for a regular dining visit, but if I do, I'll adjust the rating accordingly.Norman is the best !  He also makes the best mojitos ever !  We had a couple of drinks at the bar, and Norman made us feel very welcome.  He was sweet and very attentive. He assured me that I would like his mojitos because he said that his were the best ever. He was right ! Thank You!Was seated right away, but we sat at our table for nearly 20 minutes with waiters walking by and not one acknowledged us. No one took our drink order. We would have been glad to wait if someone would have taken a second to tell us they would be right with us. We left.Just stopped in for a quick night cap and snack. The order of wings and salad took quite a bite longer than expected, especially since the place wasn't packed. Staff was still very friendly, helpful, and courteous.The service is really good, the decor is what you would expect at the Hard Rock. We loved our food. (a little pricey, but not bad.) The loud music can be overwhelming at times, but its not meant to be a romantic setting. It is a party place, and I must say, the mixed drinks are not half bad. 
The menu isn't always clear, for example, It would have been awesome if I had known my salad had dark meat chicken instead of chicken breast. I dont like dark meat so I ate around it. 
My husband's burger was fantastic! I like the nachos and a vegetarian burger i had here was stellar. 
 I am a local, and I will keep going  back. The food and service was worth it.Our party of 9 arrived around 7pm and were advised of a 45 minute wait. The birthday girl actually sat at one of the tall bar type tables for a few minutes and a wonderful waiter named Moe let us pull the 2 vacant tables together and start our party! We all ordered drinks and dinner. My hurricane was very strong. The mai tai, bahama mama and long island tea my friends ordered were very weak. The food was just ok. I ordered a Caesar salad with my grilled chicken sandwich and I got a side salad with no dressing. My friend asked for no tomato on her club sandwich. She got tomato and no cheese. Our waiter was friendly and quick to fix the kitchen's screwups but he was rarely around. He did bring the birthday girl some complimentary ice cream. Hard rock was not my first choice for a good meal, but we enjoyed the atmosphere.Came to Hard Rock Cafe on someone's request. Was a boring one with not much on it. I try not to eat at chains or places like this. The wait to be seated was 20 minutes. That already set the tone. Once seated we ordered and it took 30 minutes for our food to come out. They weren't even busy! Tables were open and people were eating but I'm not sure why the food took forever. The food was mediocre at best, but that's what chains are all about. I ordered a hamburger and it came with this small order of fries. For the amount it costs they could at least given more fries. I didn't care for it and won't be going back. I don't recommend this place. There are local places out there better than this place.Service gets the star. Food was cold and boring.  Go eat Cajun food at a bad Cajun restaurant, this is awful.Why eat at Hard Rock Cafe when you're on bourbon street, or even in New Orleans?! The menu is comparable to Applebee's and is way pricey. There's so many great places to eat in Nola, don't waist your time or money...also, never upgrade your cocktail to the larger glass...I've never paid $13/14 dollars on a drink and not got nothing but juice, just throwing out a necessary warning.Went in late night to get some appetizers.  Tables were dirty and waitress was incredibly slow.  The restaurant was empty which is unusual for a Hard Rock.  I have never been to a Hard Rock that wasn't full.  Tried again a few nights later at the dinner rush, thinking the previous visit was just too late in the evening, and had the exact same experience.  Food was good and gift shop staff were wonderful.Food was terrible, it came out cold, and when my wife and I complained the server got very upset and rude with us. Worst experience dining I've ever had in New Orleans. If I could put a zero star I would. Stay away from this placeNot impressed. Food wasn't very good at all especially for the price. Will not return. With a name that big you gotta do betterWorst Hard Rock ever! I have traveled throughout   U.S., Latin American, Caribbean, and Europe. Hard Rock is our "go to" place for a good burger and consistency in quality... UNTIL NEW ORLEANS. 
This is the WORST Hard Rock in the world! The staff had no idea what table to deliver food and drinks; steaks came out significantly under cooked and had to be sent back 3 times; drinks were slow arriving at table; and kitchen staff wandered around the restaurant like zombies. The restaurant wasn't even busy!  So WTH? 
The only good comment is that our waiter was quick and did his best to accommodate us.The food and drinks were absolutely delicious!!! Nice CLEAN restaurant located on bourbon st. We received a very cool free souvenir cup with our margarita. Two thumbs up hardcore New Orleans!We didn't really want to waste a dinner in NOLA on a franchise place but we were craving a burger. Mistake. They were understaffed on a busy Saturday night. Burger came out cold and had no taste. Manager disappeared after we complained. Bartender was overwhelmed. I'm in the industry and felt bad for the staff and pissed at the food.Came here after a long day for just a couple of drinks.  Nothing major here but the staff were nice but....it's NO and it's a bar.  I wouldn't choose this place for food...just drinks.Poor Hard Rock.  The legend wants the legacy back.  The ambience is always good and the music is nice.  But the originality is gone and their mission for awesome food.  Their New Orleans Local Legend burger had for its special ingredient...  mac and cheese...  ?????  Why not Cajun spices or crawfish or shrimp or some concoction that spoke and said "Now that is a bite.of New Orleans".  Very uninspired.  And their deserts have weathered even worse.  What used to be a threatening tower of ice cream is now a measly morsel at the full price of their once great sunday.  Ceasar cries "Et tu Brutus?"Food was average for Hard Rock Cafe.  My low rating is because of the service.  It was extremely difficult to get the attention of any of the servers.  We ordered the apple cobbler a la mode and the spoons we received filthy so we asked for clean spoons.  After asking 3 other servers we finally got our spoons at which point the ice cream was completely melted.  We had ordered fries, macaroni and cheese for the kids and a flat-bread pizza.  The food quality was adequate.  I wish they had crayons or something to occupy the kids.  They had disposable paper kids menus so it would have been great to hand the kids some crayons to draw on their menus to keep them occupied.  When I asked for a kids menu for each of the 3 children present (we were 1 menu short) the server asked, "Do you really need one?". I was about to warn him about the impending screaming from the one child who was missing the menu when she started crying and yelling that she did not receive a menu.  That could have been avoided.  Overall not really the place to go when visiting New Orleans (wasn't my choice anyway) but definitely not kid friendly.Terrible....There were only maybe 15 to 20 customers eating, but more than half of the tables were full of old food and drinks as thought they didn't clean throughout the day after people ate and left. The service was very slow. If took 35 minutes to actually receive my drink because the the bartender was to busy joking with other employees. After about 50 minutes of waiting for food inside of an almost empty restaurant my husband and I just decided to get up and leave. Will I ever go back? NOMy friend and I ordered the jubbalaya.   We both thought it was way too salty.  The manager asked how the food was and I said  if was way too salty.   She did not offer a replacement for something else or even say sorry.   Why ask me how my food is if you are not going to fix it if it isn't good?  Another friend ordered gumbo, it was OK but we have had  much better for much less.  Our waiter seemed more interested in the football game than in serving us.  Below par food at above par prices.If you're looking for great service, this is the place to go! My family went here for my birthday (as we do every year in a different city) and they were so welcoming! When Karen, our waitress, learned about this tradition, she gifted me with Hard Rock Café pins! She enhanced our visit and exceeded expectations.
The food is also so delicious! I got a Local Legendary burger, which was so delicious and representative of New Orleans cuisine. The brownie dessert, which came for free as a birthday gift, was so warm and delicious; a perfect way to end our night!I don't usually write reviews for chain restaurants, however, the staff here definitely deserve it. I sat at the bar solo and Norman was such an awesome bartender. He was sweet and welcoming and we had great conversation! I ordered too much food and he and the manager made sure to take care of the things I couldn't eat (my eyes are bigger than my stomach!). Everyone from the hostesses, waiters and the manager were all so kind and took extra special care of me. I'll definitely be back next time I come to New Orleans!Horrible service. Food wasn't very warm and took an hour to come out. There was only 2 or 3 other tables seated so they weren't even busy.  Our waitress wasn't attentive at all. Don't waste your time here.Terrible service and no way to accommodate allergies. She told us 'if you see something on there that you know you can eat you should order it'. She had no idea what anything had in it, ingredient wise, and then said 'I should learn more about it' when answering our allergy questions. So to be safe we ordered a salad with no cheese. Not only did the salad come out with cheese on it, she proceeded to argue with us that it did not have cheese. Never going backPlace is big, open & bright & roomy... On this trip I only visited the store and shopped for some items.  My BF & I made a new pact that in every city we are in, we have to visit the HRC (if they have one). So while in I needed to stop and grab something. 
Their merchandise section isnt as extensive as I have seen in some other stores, but they had tons of little things. 
This location is also directly connected to the Hyatt hotel (where my team was staying) so I was able to sneak in the back door connected to the hotel where I was hosting meetings which was SUPER convenient. 
Will def come back when back in town!I would say average experience. Server was nice. Food was nothing spectacular. Medium well burger was medium and Mac and cheese was bland. Pulled pork was good.Amazing food, memorabilia, atmosphere, and staff. favorite place on bourbon street! Our server was attentive and a manager even stopped by just to check on us. Twisted mac is delicious and so was the Local legendary burger! The local legendary buger had jamblaya and andouille sausage, hands down best burger ive ever had! We had a Hurricane to drink and tried the new Sparkiling Blue Hawaiin. AMAZING! 10/10 will be back again!A nice change of pace from the crazy scene on bourbon st. The inside is decorated with guitars and artists in that space. Much more quiet ambience than other restaurants and out on the street. We came in for some food after drinking all night, had the nachos and ribs. The nachos was good, but a bit light in substance, the chips were a bit too small and brittle and the toppings were scarce. The ribs is a wet rub with sweet sauce, comes with a small portion of beans and cole slaw, as well as a side of steak fries. The meat on the ribs basically fall off the bone as you pick them up, and quantity wise is prob a smaller full rack, maybe 10 to 12 bones or so. And of course they also have beers so that you can continue drinking. Server was attentive and nice.Well the three times a charm rule has been disproven. After eating and/or attempting to eat @ several restaurants in the Canal Str area with terrible results I had to rely on a high end franchise. Hard Rock on Bourbon. I was not disappointed. Food was great and the waitress was amazing.  No she was incredible. Fantastic!! The only draw back the music was too loud. I could not initially hear the hostess or my own brain after sitting. I had to use earbuds while I ate. Cliched or chauvinistic if I go back and ask the waitress for her number?I was at Hard Rock Cafe on Bourbon for a party.  The staff was very nice and helpful, especially Mandy.  Hard Rock is always a fun place to have a meal and enjoy great Rock and Roll memorabilla, but I can also recommend them for parties.  The food was very good.Every time I travel, I see one of these restaurants, but I never actually went into one until this trip. Although the restaurant itself was nice and clean, I really wasn't impressed with the food. It was just ok. I had a burger, and I honestly can't tell you much about it because it simply did not stand out. Not a bad restaurant really, I'd go back and give them a second chance next time I go out of town.BIG SHOUT OUT TO THE FABULOUS GEORGE AT THE GIFT SHOP REGISTER. -you totally rock, and our five minutes encounter was the most memorable part of our day trip to the Big Easy. You, sir, embody what fabulous mean. 
As usual, my trip to a Hard Rock Cafe is due to my mother's ever growing (and slightly alarming) collection of HRC t-shirts ... this growth can be blamed on me since everywhere I go, I buy one of these t-shirts, and this is the first time I gave HRC a five star review all due to a super rockin experience we had with George. The selection of souvenirs were nothing extravagant, but we did find the ever classic white t-shirt with the logo and the city name. 
On most HRC, you do find the total rocker, biker, and hippie type with their tats, piercings, colored hair, spiky accessories and etc which is what HRC should be... heck, it is a cafe made for hard rockers right? but with the array of the wonderful personalities that had come and gone this place, out of the many people I have encountered under the roof of HRC, one stands out- did I say George already? lol. but yeah, I think I have drooled enough. Thank you George... you catapulted New Orleans Hard Rock Cafe as one of my looked forward to destinations... who cares looking at left over memorabilia of long gone rock stars when there is one rockin' it at the store?I gave it 3, but I was torn. The server was absolutely delightful and very kind and helpful to us. My food was decent, but the appetizer was like something I'd get in the freezer section and cook in the microwave. I typically steer away from chains when I travel, but my coworker wanted to go. I would consider going back and would just be more selective of my menu choice. Service is great though!Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans it is exactly like every other Hard Rock Cafe I've ever been to I've been to quite a few but just to see the decor than guitars memorabilia throughout the place is worth the visit and they have tons and tons and tons of the same shirts shot glasses hoodies and anything that says Hard Rock you can imagine if you check in on Yelp there's an offer you get $5 off a $25 purchaseHoly shit, this was the worst one we've been to...jacked up food bringing, messed up check, took my damn beer that wasn't finished...screw this placeWe slipped in here because Dominicas Italian at the Roosevelt Hotel was too crowded.  They have an awesome 50% off pizza happy hour from 2 to 5 pm.
There's no happy hour at this Hard Rock Cafe which is why the place was so empty.  Since we needed to kill an hour before our ghost tour, we found a booth.   A blue-haired (no joke...not an old lady) named Blue Crystal Ice was our server.
The food was downright horrible.   I ordered the chicken wings which had no sauce. On the wings, on the table or on the plate.  When I asked for some Tabasco, Crystal gave me a puzzled look.  In fact, she gave me a few of those puzzled looks with some of my upcoming questions. 
Then I gazed down on the plate and saw two of the saddest slivers of carrot sticks that I ever did see.  I kid you not.  There were also two wimpy celery sticks too, but the carrot sticks were a weak attempt to make this look like a decent plate of food. 
I asked Crystal for some extra carrot sticks.   Puzzled look.  Ok....
Then they came out.   What it was that I attempted to bite into I will never know.  I actually could not bite through the oversized and almost white-pale carrot stick.  Nor could my daughter who tried.
I asked Crystal to send them back to the Chef and ask him to try and eat one.  Puzzled look.
She came back from the kitchen and said they get that was from soaking in cold water for a while. 
Crystal honey, let me tell you that for the 35 years I have been managing a kitchen, never have I seen carrot sticks messeF up like this Hard Rock Cafe had done. 
Try Mothers for some decent home cooked fare and just stop in here for a quick (no happy) drink to take a few photos of the memorabilia on the walls.
And we're walking.....This was my very first time going to any Hard Rock restaurant. I kno that there are several around the US. The service at this restaurant was great. Our waitress was overly energetic and cool. We only ordered the variety appetizer. It was huge. There was onion rings, hot wings, egg rolls, chicken fingers, and potato skins on our plate. The wings were very good. This really reminded me of chillis bar and grill. However I think that chillis food taste better. We also ordered a virgin daiquiri with red bull in it. It taste pretty good. Overall from my experience I'll say that the food was pretty ok not so good that I have to come back. The scenery and service is awesome!It was my first time visiting the Bourbon St. Hard Rock Cafe after they relocated from the previous spacious & classic themed space a couple blocks down towards the water at North Peters Street. I expected a much smaller interior given the prime real estate location on Bourbon St, but I found the restaurant plenty spacious with a side room with additional seating, a performance stage, a unique bar, & the usual Rock Shop. Service by Brandon was warm and friendly, and I appreciated they had live music playing when I visited. I wasn't overly hungry, so I went with a simple order of tupelo chicken tenders with a side of onion rings, both of which tasted good. Managers Caren and Anna stopped by to check in on us to make sure everything was ok, and also chat knowing they had Hard Rock Cafe fans who've been to plenty of locations as guests. The visit hit all the right notes for a memorable night out.