My husband and I came here once and we have been wanting to go back ever since lol !!  It's so good here. Price is worth all you get and the flavor.  the special sauce which i forgot the name, well that bish is good!  Bell pepper awesome, crawfish fries oh my, and i love that they use normal real size wings not those over-injected hormone wings. Keep doing what yall doing!It's good chicken but the line was kinda long which is no fun. But definitely worth the wait, especially on late nights with friends.These crawfish fries made our night. Stopped by on way to Pelican game and chef jeff out did it. Fantastic food, warm people, cool place. Cant go wrong.Gourmet in the ghetto. 5 stars for the food. I can not wait to go back. So I'll be going back for dinner. I had the super dome... excellentSecond time visiting New Orleans and this is THE BEST meal I have eaten yet. The service was phenomenal and the food was even better. Everyone was so friendly, it was clearly a well loved local spot! I got the bourbon street , the best fried chicken I've ever had on top a bed of macaroni and cheese. The chef even paid us a visit and thanked us for our stopping by! They even gave us complementary bread pudding which, as you expected, was delicious. We're only here for 1 more day but considering repeating this meal is was so delicious!Hole in the wall-- one table inside and two tables outside. But fantastic food! The super dome was amazing. Our server was so sweet and went above and beyond what was expected. 10 stars for service if I could. Too bad I was only visiting or I would be back at Heard Dat already!OMGosh, the review is hella late but worth my time to go in and approve of their 5 star rating! We visited this place in March during our 1st time to the N.O. and thanks to Yelp, we were not disappointed. We have several friends and family that visit all the time and NOT one person told us about this place. Thanks again Yelp! 
I ordered the Superdome, which came with potatoes, blanked fish, onion rings, corn and some kind of seafood creamy sauce. I could have taken a bath in that sauce!! Please let me get lost in the sauce! It was so freaking fracking delicious! And it was seasoned to perfection!
We searched for the best "creole" style food and that popped right up! 
Location: if you blink, you'll miss the building, the sweet lady (with her awesome accent) that answered the phone literally came outside to flag us down to help us find the place. 
Inside: it's really small, but I didn't mind sitting in there, it made me feel warm and fuzzy, as if I belonged there. They do have a few tables right outside the door if you're like eating outdoors.
Residences, tourists, stopping through on the way to another city, do yourself a solid and pop this address into the GPS. You're welcomeThis review is overdue, but better late than never.
My girlfriends and I visited Heard Dat Kitchen on 26 January.  When we got there, were a bit taken aback at the size (we were not familiar with the area, so we didn't know).  We walked in, and there were guests seated and dining.  It was a tight fit, indeed.  We gave each other the serious side eye, and were about to leave, when the guests' dishes were brought out...
OMGOODNESS!
One guest had the seafood extravaganza (yep, we were nosy and asked them what they ordered), one had the Superdome, and the others...well, I was too focused on that seafood extravaganza... :-)
When we saw the guest bite into his food and then start to shake his head in that "OMG...this is so good" manner, we immediately got comfortable, and decided to get in on this!
The staff was so friendly and laid back (that's a big plus for me).  It was pretty chilly out, so we didn't want to eat outside; however, we didn't want our food to get cold if we ordered takeout.  So, we just waited for the tables to clear.  
We ordered the red beans and rice w/fish, skeesh wings, and shrimp and grits, and the crawdat fries.  The fish was a white flaky fish that was perfectly seasoned, crispy on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. My friend cleaned her plate of shrimp and grits so quickly.  The shrimp were fresh and the grits cooked like they are supposed to be cooked, creamy and soft.The super dome was a thing of beauty! My girlfriend didn't do much talking, except to look up once and give us the "A-ok" sign.
What really stood out to me were the fries and the skeesh wings.  I ordered some regular fries, because I'm not that sweet on crawfish (sorry).  When the fries came out, they were piping hot, and they were NOT greasy.  I expected to find some oil residue on the plate, but absolutely none.  We took the skeesh wings back to the condo (we were stuffed), and saved them for the next day.  When we got to them the next day, they were STILL crispy!  And the sauces - Do Geedah! Lawdamussy!  Finger licking good!
This place is the truth!  Good food prepared and presented by a staff that takes pride in their work.  You cannot go wrong visiting here.  A trip to N'awlins without a stop at Heard Dat Kitchen is asinine!I am still drooling. His daughter took our order. She knew exactly what I wanted, even before I wanted this. The food is plated to perfection. This is really 5 star food at 2 star prices. Don't let the minimal seating throw you off. Get it to go if you must. Uber eats. Fly your magic carpet there. Send a friend. It's family run, and I'm rarely blown away. I was blown off my high chair yesterday. I don't write a lot of reviews, but I HAD to write this one. I tasted my friends onion rings. I've eaten a lot of onion rings people. I also wanted to lick my plate, but that would have embarrassed my parents and neither of them were there. I wanted to jump through the window and snatch them out if the fryer or skillet, but that would be in poor taste wouldn't it? Lol Go. Just go.We had and absolutely amazing lunch a Heard Dat Kitchen! We had Bassa fish with Crawdat Sauce and Mustard Greens! It was such a taste treat! We're from Sacramento California and heard about it from a friend who works at Bike Easy and we'd highly recommend it!!!!First day in NOLA & this is our first meal here  and it did not disappoint! We got the Bourbon street & crawdat fries, both were sooo delicious!! And the customer service was good as well! Very friendly! You're gonna miss out if you don't try this place.I finally made it! After months of wanting to try this place I swung by and grabbed the Superdome to go for lunch today.  When I got home and opened the box I realized it was packed with enough food for two meals for me. They definitely make sure you won't be left hungry.  
The dish itself was delicious! The fish was so fresh and cooked quite well. The lobster potatoes, lobster cream sauce, and sweet corn came together perfectly to put this dish high on my list of comfort foods. 
The young woman behind the counter was as sweet and personable as could be while she chatted with me and other customers while we waited for our food. 
I'll be back very soon to try the Surf and Turf next. It sounds amazing, too. 
Bon Appétit magazine needs to be sure to try this place on their next visit to New Orleans when looking for the best new restaurant for 2018. It's really that good.Visited this place just because of a list that was going around about food spots in New Orleans that's black owned. Just a quick review; the food here was very good. I had the bourbon street Love, which was fried chicken and mac and cheese with crawfish sauce. Man I tell ya that crawfish sauce is what put this place over the top. The Fried Chicken was already good, along with the Mac and Cheese. My partner had the red beans and rice with the fried chicken which she loved as well. Just like what other people said we had the pleasure of being served by the chef's daughter. She was the best. Another thing that put this place at a 5* for me. She even told us of different places she recommended for us to check out. We definitely took her up on a few of them and they were great.Superdome and Dat Shyt. This place was delicious. I thought I didn't like lobster, but now I'm confinced I've just never had good lobster. Service was good and the food is killer.This is a super late review, I came across the photos in my phone and have to share how wonderful the food is here. I came here a few months ago while in town visiting friends and we had an amazing experience. We ate outside, our waitress was pleasant and the food is AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. The chef came out to ask how the food was & I couldn't stop thanking him. I ate here twice during my trip, the superdome is one of the best meals I've ever had & those crawfish fries are crazy addictive. I live in Philly & I literally dream about this food. I'll be visiting Nola again soon and this will be my first stop. EAT HERE you won't regret it.We were visiting NOLA and of all the meals we had during our visit, this one was our favorite.  The crawfish sauce was perfection, and everything we ordered was top notch.  
Underwhelming exterior, but be sure not to skip it because of the exterior; very nice staff and the food was terrific.  Didn't hurt that it was also some of the most affordable food on our trip.  We'll be back!Hands down the best soul food restaurant that you could ask for. Should be a bucket list for anyone visiting NOLA. I went there with my friends and we all got different platters in the menu. Every single item from appetizers to dessert were delicious. And their service was nothing but top notch. They are super friendly and will make you feel like home. I'm very impressed and I can assure you, you will get your moneys worth and you definitely will have a new favorite restaurant.The best meal I had in New Orleans! This place is a gem and the folks that run the place are so friendly. 
You have to try the Super Dome. My photo is attached. This entree is something I would have expected at a Michelin star restaurant. The flavors are so rich and the presentation was amazing. I will definitely be back!This family owned and operated hole in the wall serves up some explosive flavors and world class plating. The chef's special crawfish pasta, the superdome, and the bread pudding dessert were all out of this world! 5 stars does not do this restaurant justice!Try the fried chicken. Definitely the best I've ever had. The menu only has a few things, but I wanted to eat everything. The staff was really friendly; chef Jeff came out and chatted with us.So good glad to have eaten at this place the food was to die for . The family run restaurant made us feel welcome. The neighborhood looks a little sketchy but that's part of what makes it a fond memory I would definitely eat here again!!The people that work and eat here are as great as the food. Had the crab and fish special, melts in your mouth. Bread pudding was outstanding. Great prices.I can not tell you all how many times I have been driving down Felicity and tried to figure out what this building is. Today was the day i found out. My partner just bought a house one street over and we were looking for something we hadn't had before. These guys popped up on Groupon and without any hesitation we went. The food was cooked to order so don't expect to walk in and walk out. I knew by it not being pre-made that we were in for a treat. Chef Jeff is on it. I'm not sure how I haven't heard about him yet but this has to change. I had the Superdome and I'm sure you've already read plenty of reviews about it. It's everything they described and more. I also had the crawfish fries. Yum-o! I am a stickler about taking pictures but this time I dove right in without a second thought. The only bad thing about this place is it being literally steps from her house. Be careful what you ask for. You want to learn self control and then BOOM you find yourself having to exercise it everyday. #ThoughtsAndPrayersOkay so I heard a lot of hype about this place and how fantastic the food is. So I set out today to check it out. My mission was accomplished and all I can say is WOW! The food was perfect!!!! My tastebuds were all over the place with sheer joy and satisfaction. I had the Super Dome; blackened fish with lobster mashed potatoes and corn topped with onion rings. The onion rings were perfection, fried and HOMEMADE!!!! No frozen rings over there!!! Everything was seasoned to perfection. Portion size is perfect! Excellent!!! I'll be back. I already know what I'll be tasting next.I usually don't give 5 stars. The food is delicious! Don't let the exterior turn you away. Reasonably priced and worth the trip. I think this is a hidden gem in New Orleans. #thanksforreadingThis just became my favorite place in New Orleans! And I've been around this city multiple times. Definitely a small hole-in-the-wall, but the food is out of this world. Any reviews less than five stars doesn't make any sense now that I have been here. They complain about portion size or a soggy order after an UberEats driver picked it up and drove it to them. Of course it's gonna be soggy after that, lol. Get off your rear and get there...our portions were large and more than enough to have leftovers.
Their food is absolutely delicious and there is a crawfish cream sauce that coats many items that I wanted to lick off of the plate. Had the "Superdome" which is a blackened fish, lobster sauce mashed potato, and onion rings, and the "Seafood extravaganza" of fried fish and shrimp with crawfish fries. The chef also sent out some crawfish cornbread to start the meal, a piece of cornbread with their crawfish cream sauce on it.
First the superdome, with all its flavors combined, tastes like a surf and turf because of the great blackening spices and onion ring accompaniment. The fish had the perfect amount of spices, and was cooked to perfection. The fried fish in the extravaganza was similar with a light/medium style batter and cooked perfectly. I usually am not as big a fan of shrimp if there is fish on the plate, but this is the only exception I've ever found. The fried shrimp were absolutely delicious and the batter had a bit of spice that made it special. I forgot the name of the dipping sauce they had, but it was tangy and complimented the shrimp so well. I really can't speak more highly of this place if you want a representation of some of the best New Orleans cooking. Don't look any further.This is our new favorite spot in New Orleans! We definitely passed it up while driving and walking. LOL. There are only two tables inside, but they have outdoor seating. The waitresses were friendly. We ordered the Mardi Gras Mambo and Bourbon Street and they were finger licking food. I haven't eaten peas since I was a baby and I wasn't expecting to eat the ones on my plate. But these peas were sooooo good! "You heard dat?" Also, the plating of the food was good and our plates came out clean. 
We will definitely return!Worth the trip. Chef Heard and his family put out an excellent menu with a lot of skill and enthusiasm. We tried one of the specials of the day, the blackened fish with mashed potatoes, asparagus and a lemon butter sauce. The fish was perfectly cooked, the asparagus was neither too firm nor mushy, the mashed potatoes were a tad dry and needed salt, but otherwise the meal was just perfect. You order at the counter indoors, but there is no seating indoors. There are a few tables outdoors, and there is table service out there one you order indoors. Chef Heard came out to check on us twice. The bread pudding was excellent. One request: sell Diet Coke.Food was A+.....its in the hood but dont let it scare you off...food is worth the trip...and eating on the sidewalk..well after that you dont need to go to the movies....great place and experienceThe food was unreal! Absolutely delicious! The service was also amazing! Love this restaurant.I understand WHY they have five stars.  I felt like I was having a meal at my family's home.  Tia skillfully and with much care personified southern hospitality and her pride in her family. I had the Superdome and lost- my mind.  That crawfish sauce was RIDICULOUS!!!  Those GRITS!?!? Feather-light goodness rests in your palate. You MUST stop in for a meal.The best priced Cajun food I've ever bought! I had the amazing red beans and rice with blackened fish, cornbread, and a salad for $10! They also have have. Groupon which is helpful for large groups. Every food item tasted amazing and had the perfect amount of seasoning; the food is made with love and our server Nyce was AWESOME! They also have a house fruit punch which is REALLY worth a try. I would highly recommend getting this food to-go. My family and I ate outside and that was not a great choice. It's not in the best part of town and there are crazy amounts of flies. There is not nearly enough seating. Even though the atmosphere is horrible (says a person who absolutely hates eating outside), I still rated this place 5 stars because the food and service is just THAT great. 
Overall: I'll for sure eat here again, just to-go!!!If you want phenomenal food and true southern hospitality, get to Heard Dat Kitchen. We got the Seafood Extravaganza with the catfish and shrimp blackened and Dat Plate with fried shrimp. The owner/chef was so sweet and made everything fresh. We knew that because we could smell it as we waited and the food came out piping hot! Best food I've ever had in the south, truly authentic. (And ask about the bread pudding! It's life-changing)went there a second time and it was as good as I remember it.  My daughter rated it as the best food in NOLA.  I will come here every time I visit NOLA.  Best deal in town BY FAR!Food was delicious and the people at the counter were very friendly! We got the surf n turf and the Superdome. Come with an appetite.If you come to new orleans looking for good food and you miss this place then, congrats, you played yourself. I've eaten everywhere in this city and heard dat is without a doubt one of the best 2 or 3 restaurants in this bih. Enjoy!Upon arrival, we were met by the chef and instantly introduced to the specials of the day. Everything was delicious and my friend and I were treated like queens. I will definitely be back. This is definitely a hidden gem with a chef that sprinkles nothing but love and good vibes into his food.Found this place on Yelp. Was visiting out of town and looking for something gooooood to eat. Its small little place, not a full restaurant, but they have about two or three tables inside and they had just set up outside setting. We ordered the 'dat fries', superdome, bourbon st love, and 'dat shyt' drink. The dat fries was the best thing!! They were so delicious, definitely wanted to order it again!!! The superdome looks better than it taste. Dont get me wrong it was good, but I expected it to be better. The onion rings were AMAZING! So crispy, but still the onion was soft. The chicken that comes with the bourbon st love taste as if cheese was added to the batter. So the chicken had a cheesy taste to it. The mac was ok. the dat shyt was soooooooo sweet lol diabetic coma. All and all I would recommend this place especially the dat fries. Good portion sizes and reasonably priced. Enjoy!I had the super done entree and WOW! This was easily my best meal on my most recent visit to New Orleans. Everything in the super dome is cooked to absolute perfection! After a few days eating at restaurants in the touristy French quarter area this was exactly what I needed. 
The bread pudding is to die for! Easily the best bread pudding I have ever had in my life. Heard Dat is a gem  that feels so New Orleans. I can't wait to come back on my next visit to the city!Came to this amazing place on a very rainy day.. walked up and ordered our food. The girl at the window taking our order was so sweet so she was the first plus to this meal! 
My husband and I ordered the super dome and the seafood extravaganza and for dessert the bread pudding.. 
Due to the rain the seats outside were wet. The oldest daughter let us sit inside even though they had already closed the indoor part .. plus number two! 
Now the food!
we shared plates and both were so yummy! Like really yummy! I cant say I would want one over the other because they were both so good! 
It was fresh and blackened perfectly.. the taste was so good! The bread pudding was the best! 
Thanks heard dat for a great meal!! You guys are the best !Where do I start. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the fried chicken plate and it was some of the best chicken that I have ever had. And I am from North Carolina and we know fried chicken. Everything from the mac & cheese to the peas, it was ALL GOOD. Don't get me started on the bacon fries, amazing! I missed the fried chicken festival but this made up for it.Food is Fabolous comforting and most importantly it taste great!The seafood extravaganza is one of the first thing you should try when you get here black in of fry is great.We were driving through the area and saw this nearby. The food was AMAZING. I got the Seafood Extravaganza with blackened shrimp, crawdad fries, and fried catfish. Everything was hot, fresh, and delicious. 10/10 would recommend.So driving up to this place my boyfriend and I were questioning wether this place was a real restaurant or not? Haha It's a long black building in not the nicest of neighborhoods. There are 3 black tables outside. So we saw all the reviews so we stopped. Inside there are two tables. Most people get take out from the window that has bars on it (hahaha) SOO we stayed-- we sat outside, where a passerby on a bike asked if we wanted to buy some jumper cables (I can't make this stuff up) I ordered the bourbon street chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Mardi Gras fish both come with potato salad and Mac and cheese. Let me start by saying WOW! I am not a chicken person when I eat out because I can do it better lol and I'm picky --this was phenomenal and I ate every bite. The fish was perfectly fried. Both crisp, the flavor is amazing. The Mac and cheese is perfect. The potato salad is served in a gourmet spoon which goes along with your fabric napkin. The thought of presentation goes into the FOOD, the way it should be. The girls serving are super sweet and friendly!!
Needless to say this place is AMAZING. Some of the best food I've had in NOLA. The best fried chicken we have ever had. --yes they have won awards for this chicken we were told. You must stop here!! Try everything!! We'll be back!!First time in New Orleans, and it didn't disappoint. Nyce was our waitress and she was excellent. So hospitable, and friendly. The food was delicious!Good New Orleans neighborhood eating. It's in the hood but this is like ya grandmas Cookin. It doesn't leave you feeling sick and greasy but has all the Louisiana flavor you can want. I'm loving this new place and I'm a local foodieSince me and my girlfriend been here, this restaurant is by far, the BEST restaurant we been to so far. Worth the travel, worth every penny, and you can save more with the Groupon available on the site. It's not too far from downtown but it's a pretty long walk if that's the route you choose. Besides that the food was amazing. The freshness, the quality, the flavor and seasoning was A1. Service was very good too, as they offered us free appetizer plates of upcoming ideas for their menu, which both of them tasted great. Our food was fresh, nice and hot and well prepared. The crawfish fries was my favorite. So many flavors and tastes gahhhdammm this is what I was looking for when it came to New Orleans Cuisine and I recommended everyone that visits to come to this restaurant. We might come again when we leave .The food was delicious and very well prepared. Nyce was the cashier/greeter and she was pleasant and easy to talk to. My fiance was pleased with the food and customer service and that says a lot. I highly recommend this restaurant and will gladly come back again.Easy to understand why they have five stars! I had the "bourbon street love" which was some amazing Mac and cheese, the best fried chicken I've ever had and some crawfish cream sauce. The chicken was a boneless thigh and I usually prefer bone in but it was juicy, crunchy even with the cream sauce on it and perfectly seasoned.  Really, really good food. No fancy ambiance, they give you your food in styrofoam and you can eat at tables outside or take it to go. I sat outside joined by two really cute kids (owners grandkids I think) and they even let me sign their truck!The food here beats Commander's Palace, IMO.  Full of flavor, fresh and the best meal we've had in NOLA.  The service was prompt, friendly and genuine.  This last point is hard to come by at even the fanciest of restaurants.  Just ate at Commander's Palace two nights ago and the service there was snobbish and off putting and their timing was completely off, but at Heard Dat, we were served by the owner/Chef and his daughter.  Both are down to earth and welcoming.   It was a hard decision on what to eat - the whole menu sounds amazing, but I settled on the red beans and rice with fried chicken and my son had the Bourbon Street, which was a crawfish mac and cheese with fried chicken on top.  Everything was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.  Another couple came in and we could hear them raving about the dishes they were enjoying.  Even the tea was top notch and the bread puddle was over the top with the rich caramel sauce.  Magical.  If licking your plate was acceptable we probably would have!  There was a steady stream of neighbors coming in to order and take out, lucky to have this gem in their neighborhood.  I imagine it's only a matter of time before word gets out about this amazing place.By far the best spot we hit up while we stayed in New Orleans. I had the bourbon st plate and the fried chicken was AMAZING, some of the best I've ever had. My wife had the gumbo, we ate gumbo at two other spots and she said it wasn't even close, this was the best. Her sister had the shrimp and grits and she hated to admit they were better than her mother in laws!! Our other two friends had a plates with the chicken and we all concluded the fried chicken was BOMB, and same goes for the sides. No greens unfortunately but that really was not an issue with everything else they had to offer. Being able to go to the convenience store in the same building to pick up beer for the meal was also a one of a kind experience we all enjoyed. And finally, the service was southern comfort at its finest. Our server was super patient with all our questions, made us laugh, and even broke up a small argument between two of our friends with her quick wit, the way she worked with the kitchen staff and the way she welcomed us was genuine kindness I have yet to get at any other restaurant I've been to. Support this amazing business!!!!!So good. I mean .... SO. GOOD!! A must go! Order "dat fries" for SURE! Take a lyft/uber/taxi there though, it's not a great place to walk around. We got our dinner to go because it was crowded and hot (not a lot of space to eat there). We're definitely going again before our trip is up! And the woman working there couldn't have been more friendly and welcoming.This review is on the food and service only.  The shrimp & grits were amazing, and the bread pudding was equally delicious.  The young lady that handled my order was very kind.  I would come back to try other food items.  Thank you Heards.This is a hole in the wall restaurant with little seating and great food. It would be double or triple the price if it were in a fancy place.  The food would fit right in.  Get the super dome.  The people are really friendly and the server was really sweet. I am coming back for sure a lot.Please try the blackened fish! What a treat this was. My fiancé found recommended we try it and i'm so glad he did! Everything was absolutely delicious- from the cornbread to the fish! If you want to try real New Orleans cooking, make a stop. You'll be glad you did!Was exploring and got hungry. Saw this place on Yelp and thought the pictures looked so good. I wanted something that seemed local because the night before we ate at some fancy place and really didn't feel like I was getting the real deal. I got the blackened fish and my friend got the brubon st. We loved the sauce on it. Eating the blackened fish made my soul happy, it literally had me smiling the whole time. The flavors were great if I ever make my way back to New Orleans I will for sure come back here.Mac & cheese was good not great, but the serving I was given was way too small for the overall price of the meal. Fried chicken was better, not dry at all & seasoned well. Overall okay experienceGreat food, great quality..Had the Superdome, crawdat fries, crawfish cornbread and skeesh shrimp salad.  That skeesh salad is so darn delicious. Best salad I have eaten out in a very long time.  Hats off to Chef Jeff..This place should defitnely be on your to go place to eat.U$er Eats order:
O!
M!
Goodness!!!!
Phenomenal food!! 
True New Orleans cuisine. Many types of seafood, cooked many ways and covered in delectable seafood sauce! 
We ordered the Mardi Gras Mambo and the Super Dome. I wanted more before I was even finished eating the one I had. Everything was fresh made with quality ingredients. I will be eating from them again soon. Want to go to the store front for my next dining experience.Food was absolutely outstanding!!!!!!!! The waitress was very polite and kind and chef made sure we were well taking care of.... A++++++++++++++
The chicken and fish was season to perfections... I see why there are no bad reviews! Best food in New Orleans hands downGreat service, family environment, and awesome food. I like the fact that they serve the entire menu all day and also have great happy hour specials.Shrimp and grits were good and had a bit of a kick; however, the superdome, crawdat fries, and dat shyt (drink) were exceptionally delicious.The crawdat fries was amazing. Better than expected tbh. Well seasoned and fresh and they did not skimp on the crawfish. I will be back soonSo glad we found this place on yelp and reviews where right on.  The chicken was so freakin tasty, loved every bite of it. Didn't even wanna talk just enjoy all the flavors.  The fish was also very good. I appreciated my dish and Coming back soon!We vacationed in NOLA back in August 2018 so I purchased some Groupons for this restaurant.  I'm soooo glad I did.   The reviews online were one of the reasons I decided to purchase this one.  When we arrived to NOLA and asked different locals about the restaurant, no one heard of it and all made statements about the location.  We decided to Uber there and the driver dropped us off and couldn't pull off any faster..
We were a little concerned at the appearance and when the young lady stated we could eat outside because there dine in area was closed...we knew that was not an option.   We opted for carry out and the young lady was very professional and patient as she gave us a little history of the business.  We had no problem with using our Groupons.  
We caught an Uber back to our hotel with our food and without a doubt this was THE BEST meal  we had during our vacation in NOLA.   
We had the Superdome and Bourbon Street Love!Both were delicious and there's definitely a chef ‍in the kitchen and not just a cook!Visited this restaurant to get a real New Orleans taste. The outside look of the restaurant was not ideal but the food was well worth the visit. I had a very pleasant experience from ordering the food to getting the food and eating the food. I would recommend this place to anyone coming to New Orleans. It was completely worth venturing out of the downtown area.Just had the BEST meal ever in New Orleans. I had the Superdome. Very well seasoned, great flavor and absolutely delicious! I met Nice, Tia and Chef Jeff. A wonderful way to end a girls trip and I have some cornbread and banana pudding for the road. Thank you Heard Dat!!! This is a must visit place. They are doing it and doing it in excellence!  You will not be disappointed, but you will be blown away!!!This is hands down the best restaurant in New Orleans.  You want real, scrumptiously delicious authentic New Orleans grub?? This is the place.  And that's not all-- the Heard family who runs this restaurant are delightful and passionate about all that they do.  Five stars!!!!!!Found this place on yelp and it's a diamond in the rough for real. We arrived at about 6ish and the area doesn't look  that safe. We caught and Uber there and to our surprise there is no inside seating after 4 pm but there are tables and chairs outside. Again.......it isn't the safest area. There was another couple sitting outside so we joined them and it was still daylight. 
I'm glad we stayed because the food was soooo good
We ordered the Gumbo, the super dome, and madi Gras Mambo
Alllllllll of the food was good. I mean all I was missing was some dessert the tea is good too so order it and take your food to goI went here with a group of friends for lunch. I ordered Superdome and it was soooo good! It's like an explosion in your mouth. It's flavorful. Words aren't enough to describe how good their food is. Definitely worth it! The staff were really nice and sweet too!This is my 4th time in New Orleans, and I have to say this is one of the best spots here. I love great service, and Tia was very patient and recommended the best options.
The fried fish and shrimp was so good. All the food tasted really fresh, and made hot! I can't wait to visit again, because I'll def be back!Came to Heard Dat Kitchen due to Yelp reviews and had an amazing meal. The place is nondescript from the outside, hard to see, but it's next to what I believe is a grocery store. The area is a little shady but parking is plentiful and you can park literally rift in front of the restaurant. 
My friend and I ordered the shrimp and grits, crawfish fries, and the Super Dome -- the crawfish fries were so tasty with a lovely flavorful sauce and the Super Dome was a high quality, first rate meal that I could have easily had at a fine dining restaurant. The shrimp in the shrimp and grits were juicy and rich, while the grits were light--my friend preferred richer grits but enjoyed them nonetheless. 
Our server, Tia, was very friendly and if we are in NOLA again, we definitely will be back. One thing to note, the Yelp menu doesn't correspond to the menu they gave us--I've attached the menu we were given.Wow! The food was exactly as stated in previous reviews! Simply superb, I had the crab special which was a blackened fish in a lemon butter sauce topped with crab and served with asparagus and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked. My mom had the chef steak special which was a blackened rib eye with mashed potatoes and a crawdat sauce topped with fried shrimp. So far this is the best meal I've had in New Orleans, I'm convinced I can't survive here with out gaining an enormous amount of weight the food is just toooo good!
Edit: my only issue was with the environment, uh simply not the best. The gambling part right in the restaurant is seedy and honestly I probably wouldn't want to come at night. My mom was extremely uncomfortable with what was happening with two guys who were in and out.I'm in love with this food. My husband and I were in town for the Raiders game. I found this place on Yelp before we left California, so it was on my must try while in town list. Boy oh boy am I glad we came.
I ordered the crawfish stuffed fish. It was absolutely amazing. My husband ordered the crawfish stuffed shrimp, and the blacken catfish. Oh my,!! everything was delicious. We shared all three plates. We were so stuffed when we left.
There is a corner store near by where I went and grab us a couple of beers to go with our meal. We ate outside at the tables.
It's not much to look at on the inside, it's a place where I'm sure most people order the food to go. But since we were on vacation, where were we suppose to go. So we ate there outside checking out the neighborhood. 
I will come back the next time I'm in town.A must whenever I'm in New Orleans! The food is made with love and you can taste it! Chef Jeff and family know how to make your experience just right! Make sure you get the Super Dome when you visitNo need to look any further! You HAVE TO GO HERE! 
This has to be the some of the best food I have ever eaten! Chef Jeff did an AMAZING job with all of the food. Tia was our server and extremely knowledgeable, personable and flat out funny! We had a tremendous evening. I ordered the blackened Seafood Extravaganza and it was the bomb! My friends had the other specials and every single one of them was delicious!Wow - we come to NOLA for the food. We found this place on Yelp and it did not disappoint. We had dat fries, crawdat fries, the Super Dome and Bourbon Street chicken. The servings are super sized and the flavors are even better. Super friendly place & so glad we decided to come. Thanks for a fantastic dinner!!The food was excellent- fish with crab was as good as it can get. The bourbon street chicken with crawfish - Mac and cheese - potato salad was tasty - high end food in a casual environment 
Amazing food !!We tried to go to Willie Mae's but there was a 2 hour wait so we came here. Sometimes the universe makes decisions for you. This place is amazing. Fuck a Willie Maes. Come here! Great service. Best southern food I've ever had. Quit playing games and come here. I'll be back. Also me and my husband ate 2 entrees had a drink, and had dessert for $28.Really good food, fast service and I suggest you guys to try the super dome its finger licking good.Oh my oh my.  I've seen this spot on social media and was excited about eating here and I wasn't disappointed.  Firstly it's a family affair and you can tell this business was built with love.  Now too the food, I started with the punch Dat shyt which was quite flavorful, I wish i had a 42 ounce cup :).  The appetizer i had was crawfish bread and i tell you i hate corn bread but this bread which is corn bread topped with crawfish sauce was yummy deliciousness.  For the entrees I tried 3 yes i tried everyone's food.  The shrimp and grits which was above average but not bad.  The red beans and rice with the blackened chicken has one wanted another plate of beans and rice.  The blackened chicken was one of the most moist chicken breast I've ever had.  The third dish was the bourbon street love, I can't describe the perfectly cooked chicken breast on top of the Mac and cheese.  Must try!!! I can't wait to return and try the superdome and the seafood extravaganza.  Great add too the NOLA FOOD SCENEI love this place ..If you haven't eaten here you must be sleeping under a rock..#Staywoke#  #Awesomefood# #SBOB#Walked a mile and a half to get to this place from the French quarter. Well worth every step! The service was very friendly, the sweet tea was perfectly refreshing and the food was out of this world. We shared the Superdome and the Bourbon Street. Everything was fresh, good portions and tasty. The mac and cheese under the fried chicken was the best part of the meal. And, always fans of good customer service and personal pride in ones craft, having Chef Jeff come out to chat us up and offer delicious bread pudding was the icing on the cake. Pay no mind to the location. The food and service puts it in my top 10!Omg!!! The food is amazing!!! It's is a must when visiting New Orleans!! Everything was fresh and sooooooo good!When I tell you I am a picky eater and strictly don't dig in on the swine, this can be very hard when trying to dine in New Orleans. When I can find a true gem off the beaten path that really warms my soul and makes me smile from ear to ear from delight and deliciousness, it definitely deserves your attention and a visit to this joint. You won't be disappointed. They don't have 5 stars for nothing!! Was a pleasure meeting Tia'Nesha and dining in. Heads up...the place now is open until 9pm, the main dining area closes at 5...don't forget you can also use a delivery app like Uber eats to get you some of this grub!! Now you can say Heard dat!!Awesome awesome awesome food!!! Ordered the super dome and the bourbon street plates. Both were incredible. The way these meals are prepared and blended is phenomenal. The chef is definitely a master at what he does. The fruit punch was great too! We came here during our first visit to Nola and they treated us like family. A must go to if you are in the area.Baaaaaby! Let me tell you! I nearly hurt myself eating the Bourbon Street Love and those Crawdat fries....but wait Dat Shyt Drink (that's what's it's called) was soooooo good...I had to order two! The service was fast and my family of 7 had all good meals for we ate a little of everything on the menu! My brother even went back for another plate AFTER we left! 
The place is small unless your eating outside I would suggest getting it to go. Other than that I have NO complaints!Lawd lawd lawd EVERYTHING we ordered was AMAZING!!!!!!  The statement never judge a book by it's cover truly applies when it comes to this place. Please do not get discouraged by the neighborhood or what the restaurant looks like. You must must must must try this place you will thank me later. From the friendly waitresses to the great meal you'll want to come back again and again I'm originally from Chicago but I now live in New Orleans not far from this place might I add I wanted to take my family who was visiting some place I've never been before. Now I knew my sister was going to turn up her nose when we got out the car. I told her this place has great reviews so don't start LOL. We all decided to order something different. I had the Superdome which is mashed potatoes on top of fish finished with onion rings and corn and a cheese sauce I believe oh my God so good my sister had the special and my cousin had The Bourbon Street Chicken on top of macaroni and cheese and I think a cheese sauce or crab sauce and my partner had the cabbage with fried chicken. When I say everything was good I mean everything was good. I have no complaints I mean no complaints. The chicken with seasoned to perfection. My fish was juicy and Flaky. I mean my mouth is watering just thinking about it. You can tell this food was cooked with love. Oh and don't let me forget the bread pudding that makes you want to slap Yo momma. Needless to say I will be back do yourself a favor and try this place. Oh and don't forget to try  dat shyt its Tea and fruit punch mixed.. Dat shyt really is the shyt..lol!!! I can't reiterate enough how amazing this food was give it a try you won't be sorryA gem in the middle of no mans land. Had the bourbon special: fried chicken filet, crawfish creamy sauce, over Mac and cheese, and a side of potato salad. Great food. Just don't consider dining there, the area is sketchy as hell. The restaurant interior and exterior isn't that far off. But the food is amazing. I'd come again.The food here is absolutely spectacular!  Do not be put off by the location.  The food is AMAZING!!!!!  The service was also exceptional.  Very friendly folks serving outstanding food.  Did I say the food is phenomenal?  
The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had anywhere.  The grits were so smooth and creamy.  Just wow!!!  Also, the chicken on the Bourbon Street plate was off the charts delicious.  Tender, crunchy, fried to perfection.  Also anything with the crawdat sauce is amazing.
Go!!  Enjoy!!The food here beats Commander's Palace, IMO.  Full of flavor, fresh and the best meal we've had in NOLA.  The service was prompt, friendly and genuine.  This last point is hard to come by at even the fanciest of restaurants.  Just ate at Commander's Palace two nights ago and the service there was snobbish and off putting and their timing was completely off, but at Heard Dat, we were served by the owner/Chef and his daughter.  Both are down to earth and welcoming.   It was a hard decision on what to eat - the whole menu sounds amazing, but I settled on the red beans and rice with fried chicken and my son had the Bourbon Street, which was a crawfish mac and cheese with fried chicken on top.  Everything was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.  Another couple came in and we could hear them raving about the dishes they were enjoying.  Even the tea was top notch and the bread pudding was over the top with the rich caramel sauce.  Magical.  If licking your plate was acceptable we probably would have!  There was a steady stream of neighbors coming in to order and take out, lucky to have this gem in their neighborhood bimagine it's only a matter of time before word gets out about this amazing place.The food is phenomenal and the waitress Tia is great!!! Don't let the location and outer appearance fool you--you won't be disappointed...A hidden gem with some bomb ass food! The people were so nice and welcoming. Will definitely visit again when I go back to NOLA!In our search for authentic New Orleans cuisine from Black Owned restaurants, we stumbled upon Heard Dat!  Good Lord I love this food!
We Ordered the Superdome and the Fried Seafood extravaganza with the Heard Dat fries. Of the chain. I need to have some flown back home! 
On a separate note, the owners daughter was a delight to work with and a fabulous young woman to have met.We decided to try Heard Dat based on the yelp reviews and oh, man we will never be the same. Our Lyft driver tried to take us somewhere else because, let's be honest, it's not much to look at from the outside.  But DO NOT BE SWAYED.  The food, presentation, and service make up for location 1000 times. Our waitress walked us through the menu and answered our numerous questions, the chef came and told us a bit about the origins of the restaurant, and then the food arrived. It was probably the best meal any of us have had in years. Absolutely the best meal we had during our time in New Orleans.  Try the Superdome  and definitely get the bread pudding for dessert.I've been here twice. I had the super dome both times. It was exceptional. Chef Jeff is talented, and I'll try it again next time in town.Was here for Essence festival & in NOLA for the first time so I had to attempt to fit every restaurant that I've heard great things about & this was one of them. First of all, I took an uber there & realized after I could've had it delivered... that irked me.  Nonetheless, I stayed & ate my food there. It was good, but for the price I feel like I could've gotten a little more. I'd definitely order here again with double the portionFood was actually on another level. Had the superdome and it was delicious. Ordered their bread pudding and was blown away yet again. Would definitely eat here againExcellent food and excellent service!! I can't believe I didn't know about this spot until now!! Worth every penny!! I got the Superdome which has blackened fish, lobster potatoes, lobster cream sauce, sweet corn, and some thin crispy onion rings top!The food and the service was a A1. one of the best restaurants in the New Orleans I tried the Superdome and it was fabulous!!!The food was magnificent!! The waitress and cook were friendly and hospitable. The food was cook to perfection. It's in an area off of the beating path. Small but ohhh so wonderful. They are expanding to an area nearby. Great job Heard Dat Kitchen. 
If you are ever in New Orleans, venture out of the French Quarters. You won't regret it.I would've given this place five stars if the bbq  chicken would have been grilled , over all everything was good ..Best meal in New Orleans, no question. Don't come to town without eating here.All I can say is this food came out and was PERFECTION. I ordered the super dome and my girlfriend ordered the bourbon st special. Both came out piping hot and delicious. This place is a very small hole in the wall in a very sketchy neighborhood - but it was totally worth walking through the hood to eat there. I'd go back in a heartbeat. The bread pudding was KILLER and no other restaurant we visited in NOLA even came close. To put the icing on the cake - the chef came out and greeted us and thanked us for visiting. Very classy. I would highly recommend this restaurant.My boyfriend & I have been visiting from New York & were really trying to capture the NOLA experience when it came to food. Heard Dat kitchen did just that and more! The food is packed with so much flavor & the staff made us feel right at home. The food was so amazing that we came a second time before we flew back to New York. Really wish you guys could make a location in New York cause I'd be there everyday. Thank you for allowing our tastebuds to experience this mouth watering food.Truly and honestly the best meal I've ever eaten. 
My boyfriend and I visited this past weekend. This place came highly recommended from a few online sources and it lived up to my expectations and more! We ordered the crab catfish special and the crawfish fries. Everything was made with such love. The sauces were creamy and rich, but not greasy or fatty. The whole restaurant is family run! The chef's daughter was our waitress and she was so sweet and accommodating. The chef himself even came out after our food was served to ask us how it was. I'm still amazed at the service and the food! If we're ever back in the area, you can bet that we'll be back.A tiny piece of heavenly cajun/creole food. The Superdome Blackened fish will melt in your mouth and the lobster cream will delight your senses. Try this before any of the other amazing dishes they have.I happen to be researching black owned businesses and this was one of the restaurants that popped up during my search.  I decided to check them out on yelp and based on all of the great reviews...I was sold! I knew coming in, the area where the restaurant was located would be a bit sketchy/hood, but that wasn't going to stop me. It had been raining pretty much all day so outdoor seating was no longer available. The greeter (chef's daughter) was very pleasant and helpful, she directed us to her mother (who was outside) walked us inside for the indoor seating.. First impression, this is definitely a no frills, bare bones,  small eating area.  I ordered the drink "dat shyt", the mardi gras mambo, and the bread pudding.   Aside from having to shoo the flies away, the eating area being a little tight, eating with plasticware (they ran out of silverware) and the decour being very bare, the servers were helpful and attentive and the food was E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!  The food was plated like a 4 star/5 star restaurant...very impressive!  The flavor and temperature of the food was outstanding and the bread pudding....LAWD...the bread pudding was hands down the best I have experienced in my life and I am not very big on bread pudding but I would tear up their bread pudding.  No questions asked, I would definitely come here again.Food absolutely amazing, you can't go wrong with anything you select from the menu! Con is no AC...but to go works just fine! Food well worth it! 6 stars!This is a special place. The food is innovative, artfully presented, and delicious. The prices are more than fair. But the chef-owner and his family might be the best part of the whole  operation, representing the very best of the restaurant biz. Highly, highly recommend.I thought I knew good fried chicken. This place set the bar. I ordered the red beans and rice with fried chicken and every bite was among the most delicious things I've eaten. With how moist it was, I kept expecting to get to a bone, but somehow it was boneless. The red beans and rice was flavorful with a pitch-perfect texture and all of it was generously portioned and shockingly cheap. The service was super friendly and filled with southern charm. Can not recommend enough.Don't let the small size of the dining room fool you... Very friendly atmosphere and their food is excellent!Omg so good the food 10/10 omg heard dat kitchen is amazing. So good my goddess I love the food the service. The food and restaurant has personality omg amazing restaurant!!!!EVERYTHING is absolutely amazing!!! I can't even begin to write a review well enough to convey just how fulfilled my palate is right now. This place runs circles around the top restaurants of the French Quarter and Magazine Street. Heard Dat Kitchen has given me Life today with this amazing food!!! But guess what? It's AFFORDABLE!!!!Oh my god so good tiny little place you never expect to find kind of a hole in the wall needs some work but the food is absolutely delicious the kind of place should find Anthony Bourdain eating in with the locals. I had the red beans and rice with fried fish the single most delicious red beans and rice I have ever had in my life New Orleans style. Tiny tiny little kitchen in the back and three young women owning and operating this restaurant are producing some amazing Louisiana dishes a definite must try when you're in the big easy. It's in kind of a sketchy neighborhood FYI but the food is just absolutely delicious. .Finally, a plate worth talking about! Not much seating at all but honey, the food is SO good I'd stand and eat it. I ordered the super dome but I had the opportunity to try the blacked seafood extravaganza as well and ALL was scrumptious!  Oh and Dat shyt was a nice addition.I had the Blackened shrimp plate w mac,peas & potato salad for only $10. Excellent flavor and a nice portion for such a low price. The staff is very friendly & don't forget to ask about the specials. 
The neighborhood doesn't look the best but I felt very safe. The locals walking by were very welcoming too.I was staying a few blocks away from Heard Dat and walked over for lunch today. We were 10 min early from then even opening, but Chef Jeff brought out tables and chairs so we could sit outside. I ordered the Seafood Extravaganza with fried shrimp and the blackened fish. The shrimp was super crisp and fresh, the fish was cooked perfectly with the perfect amount of spice. it comes with fries with the cheddar crawfish sauce and that was my favorite of the whole plate. Good price for the amount of food i got, i was stuffed and i'm a large man. Out of towners, don't be scared off by the neighborhood. we sat outside in the sidewalk and everyone that talked to us was pleasant and nice. Chef Jeff is  the real deal. Would definitely come back next time i'm in town.This is one of the best meals my boyfriend and I have ever had in New Orleans, and you know that's saying a lot! I ordered the super dome- blackened fish fillet topped with lobster potatoes and a lobster corn cream sauce, it was perfection!! My boyfriend ordered dat plate with the fried chicken on top of macaroni with a side of potato salad. It was amazing! Not to mention we got bread pudding to go, caramel deliciousness!!! Everyone there was so gracious and friendly, in true New Orleans fashion. Our new favorite spot!!!!If you do not visit this place while in town you are missing out! It is so good the combinations and plating is way above what you would think looking at. There are only two tables so you can Uber eats or take out if they are full. This is a family ran restaurant and the service is amazing when our meal was done the chef came to talk to us and he is very humble and very proud of his family. Delicious must eat!I salivated over the Yelp pictures of this place for days before arriving in the foodie heaven that is New Orleans after stumbling across it. Our airport transfer driver warned us that this place is in the hood, but I would've ventured out had I not been day drunk because it's my birthday =). Yay for UberEATS. 
The food tastes even better than it looks. How does UberEATS delivery arrive still full of flavor, hot, and plated as though I were at a high end restaurant instead of my hotel room? 
The Superdome is delicious. The fish was cooked perfectly, the sauce was amazing, and the onion rings on top offered the perfect textural contrast. 
A round two may be coming tomorrow. Do it!Chef Jeff catered a football gathering for the men in my church and was kind enough to send them home with a go plate. OMG!!! The chicken and red beans were sooooo good. I'm looking forward to visiting the restaurant and trying something else from the menu.Superdome is the most dang delicious meal I've eaten in this town. Super nice people, came out fast, and the textures and flavors were outta this world. Highly Recommend.This place is off-the-charts good.  We went for lunch, and had the Bourbon Street Love (fried chicken) and the Mardi Gras Mambo (fired fish), which were amazing. The sides and wings are also excellent. My nephew said it was the best meal he's ever eaten. The place is family run, and the service was friendly and attentive. Yes, it's off the beaten path, but well worth a trip.I've never been to NOLA before today, and after being in this city for 37 minutes I found a place that felt like home and tatsted even better. A co-worker and I flew in for a conference. We decided to not eat anything until we landed, because we wanted to strictly save our calorie consumption for NOLA. Our stomachs were knocking on our backs we were so hungry, but I wanted to find a spot that was authentic to this area.
Anthony Bourdain, whose work I love, has publicly stated how much he hates Yelp--but without it I wouldn't have found this spot. He also believes in eating where the locals eat--so do I.
This was a truly local spot. It is a hole in the wall, and you should expect to get takeout (we didn't know this and came with the expectation of sitting and eating; however, the staff mentioned an expansion soon to come). When I say this place has soul, I mean it's a place where folks were free to be themselves--it's authentic, warm, and unlike the commercial establishments we drove by to get here. Everyone was incredibly friendly, and some of the patrons even helped us pick two of their favorite dishes. It felt like we lived here.
After ordering and receiving our meal (to-go), I was impressed with the presentation. Whoever the Chef is, he is the real deal. This was not just thrown together despite being takeout. I ordered the Superdome, and once I returned to the hotel I took a bite.
Goooood Lawd Almighty. I could eat that everyday. 
Rich and creamy, but well-spiced. Filling, but not to the point where you feel like crap for overeating. Flavorful, fresh, and just damn good. 
I will be going here again before I leave and everytime I am in NOLA! 
Thank you!Fantastic food and service. Perhaps the best hidden gem in New Orleans! Also, to clarify... there is another dining room with 6-8 tables in addition to what appears to be a pickup area. If you're facing the awning/front door you'd walk to the left side of the building, enter a hall that wraps around to the right and then it's the first door on the right. Enjoy!We came all the way from St.Louis to eat here. And we didn't waste one second at a time. The people are amazing. Food will make you cry.if u live here... get here.  If you don't... get here anyway.This is a hidden gem! My family and I were visiting New Orleans and found this place on Yelp. We prefer visiting small, locally owned businesses when we are on vacation. We had crawfish stuffed shrimp, the Superdome, Crawfish stuffed fish, hot sausage sandwich, crawfish fries. It was DELICIOUS! The food is top notch. Rich, spicy, flavorful.  Do not let the neighborhood or the low key vibe dissuade you from checking this place out. The neighborhood isn't the best, but we went at lunch time. There were colorful neighborhood characters, but they did not interrupt our delicious lunch. We met the chef. Chef Jeff is very personable and humble. He is an excellent chef. I hope the next time we visit he will be on Magazine St or Canal St where he belongs!Listen, if you're hungry for SOUL food you need to get over to Heard Dat, stat. My friends and I are visiting from San Francisco for the second time and recently went wild with take out at this kitchen right here. 
You will find yourself eating everything up: the blackened fish, the fried oysters, the onion rings, the chicken, the shrimp, the creamy potatoes and the flavorful collard greens.
And then, let's get real and scoop up the garlic and sauce at the bottom of the tray. We're Filipino too so we were dreaming of taking that left over sauce and drizzling it over white rice. No white rice was available so we fought to spoon for whatever sauce was left.
I am not kidding.
My favorite was the onion rings over crawdat sauce. 
We love you guys. Thank you for sharing your amazing, I-forgot-my-grandmothers-name, Louisiana cuisine. And extra thanks for your charming, southern hospitality. A big Yes.Sooooo good...and ask for Tia, amazing service!! We've had the super dome, stuffed bell peppers, Cajun pasta, fried fish and potato salad.The best meal I've had in awhile. Service was great too! The surrounding area isn't the best but can be overlooked by what they got going on in dat kitchen.The good is fantastic! Five for sure
The owners daughters are personable and know what they're doing!!
The menu is limited but what they cook  they do so pretty damn well and take pride in it!!
Inside seating is very limited....
Outside seating is on the sidewalk and people walk by your table or ride their bikes right there.... an authentic ride by!
No way would I have sat outside at night and cautiously, even at night.
That's how they loss half a star. In a different neighborhood it'd be a five and you'd easily be paying $15-20 more pre plate.
The sauce on the meats are great, the presentation excellent and the Mac-n-Cheese some of the best I've ever had. The meal really is special .....really it is. 
The chicken breast was very good as well.
The meal is more than affordable .... only because of the area but I had no problems. I sat outside, ate my food and enjoyed where I was.
It was GREAT!The food is really good. The staff is accommodating and friendly. This is a hidden jewel.Came from Houston to try this spot. I'm doing Keto diet so I asked what green vegetables they had to replace the peas and potato salad that came with my meal. For $15 I received a regular fillet of fish (1) and two baby scoops of green beans. For the amount of time I waited I would've easily paid for another piece of fish. The fish was fried well but not worth the wait for the portion and amount of money.The food was absolutely amazing. I had the Superdome and my husband had the Bourbon plate. We were not prepared for what our taste buds experienced. At first bite I silently shouted and husband just sat back and started pointed at his food as though to say " this shit right here, MMMM GOOD!! 
To add, the dining room host Tia was such a joy. She made the atmosphere so comfortable. She connected with every guest that walked in the door. I just hope to see this brand come to my city soon. Damn that food was good. Heard Dat Kitchen please don't change a thing!!!The food was delicious. We dined in and we had a great experience. The server Tia was great and the chef came out and greeted us. I will definitely be backMan this place was great! Great service and the food was smack ya mama worthy  I will definitely be back ! Best in New Orleans way better than willie mae's !Cannot lie, the building was a little off putting when I first saw it, but we went in anyway. So glad we did!! The chicken is so good! The batter is light, crispy, and flavorful. The staff is super friendly and attentive. Prices are reasonable and you leave full. Our first visit was on October 19th and we enjoyed it so much, we went back with the in-laws on November 3rd. It is definitely a must try!!One of the best Cajun food I have ever had. The place might look run down and dirty, but the food is outstanding. The chief does put his heart and soul into his food since you can taste it with ever bite. My must go to are the wings and bread pudding! If you want good food, check this place out! Yummy food for good price! The staffs are very friendly!I am not kidding this is the best damn food.  Took a while to locate but man am I glad we didn't give up. Chef Jeff visited our table and brought us ice tea refills and folks were so friendly and I cannot WAIT  to go back. I wish Chef Jeff all the success bc his meats and sauces are heavenly.WOW! This food was amazing! Hands down it was the best place we visited in New Orleans. This is a black family owned establishment with excellent customer service! 
My parents and I ordered 
1) superdome 
2) red beans & rice with fried chicken
3) bourbon street love 
We also had the opportunity to try the skeesh shrimp, and bread pudding. 
Everything was on point! I loved every single item! I must point out the scrumptious bread pudding though! It was absolutely the best bread pudding I've ever had. Omg!!! I am so glad I found this place! Now I can truly say I had some great food in New Orleans! I wish I discovered them sooner during my trip as I leave tomorrow! :( This is a must try! You will not be disappointed. 
Service was excellent and the food was delicious!What a great experience! This place is in a little bit sketchy part of town, but worth the trip. We did family style with our group and got to try a lot of the dishes. They were all wonderful! Chef Jeff came to chat with us. He was so humble and clearly cares about his food and customers. I highly recommend if you are in New Orleans and want some good southern cooking!Staff here are super friendly. The server was always checking in on me to see how things were. The chef even stopped by to say 'hello'. I got the Bourbon Street fried chicken. The meat was really moist and the batter was crispy - two crucial components to solid fried chicken. However, I felt like they overloaded on the seasoning. It was too salty for my tastes. The chicken came with macaroni and cheese which was creamy and delicious and potato salad which was good but nothing to write home about. Overall a very enjoyable experience but a little less than what I expect out of a 5 star Yelp place.Delicious food!! I had the superdome and it was out of this world, and that bread pudding was off da chain!! I can't wait to go back!Don't let this place's modest appearance fool you. The food and the service are both top-notch. The shrimp and grits were a perfectly balanced, indulgent flavor explosion. The fried chicken won a prize for a reason. The catfish couldn't have been done better. Go out of your way to come here. You will not regret it.This place is as good as others have said and definitely the best meal we had in NoLa allowing us to leave on a good note after dining at NOLA. The owner, Jeff, started out working at high end hotel restaurants and paired the presentation with true southern food.
The location is definitely off the beaten path and what some may consider to be "scary". We rode our bikes and everyone was nice. The place itself is small with only two tables inside and about three outside. 
We ordered the super dome and fried chicken(forgot the name) which were both delicious. Food in NoLa tends to run a bit salty for my taste and that was the case for the fried chicken. 
I hope Jeff and his family success and look forward to eating their food the next time I'm in town.1st timer wasn't super hungry but wanted something tasty. I tried the crawfish fries. They were delicious coated with a buttery crawfish sauce w chopped scallions. I'll try the Superdome plate the next visit I make.I ordered delivery here using Uber Eats.  I ordered the craw dat fries and the Superdome.  The crawdat fries were really good.  The sauce was rich and delicious.  The only thing I didn't like was it seemed like the fries were cooked in old grease and didn't taste fresh.  The Superdome was really good as well.  There were some good chunks of lobster in it.  The I was not a huge fan of the potatoes with the blackened fish.  It may have been better on top of a small portion of angel hair or other pasta. I also had Dat Shyt.  It was good, but really sweet.  I could have used more ice in the cup to cut the sugar a bit.  Overall, I was happy with my meal and would order from their again if I were in New Orleans.Heard about "Heard Dat Kitchen" from a co-worker and on WBOK radio station.  A few of us ordered today and we all had something different; everyone raved about their dish.  I had the Seafood Extravaganza (Blackened) and I must say it was seasoned to perfection and you get a nice size portion.  Also, the Remoulade Sauce is very tasty and spicy (good).  I will be ordering again.This is a tiny whole in the wall restaurant with AMAZING soul food or southern home cooked comfort food for a good price! I had "The Superdome" today which was a lobster & crawfish etouffe sauce served over mashed potatoes, corn and peas served over a big juicy blackened fish fillet. Grab a few napkins and dig in! I'll definitely be back to try some of those other items on the menu. This place is perfect for take out on your way home from work too.Heard Dat Kitchen is where you go for the 
proverbial "bang for your buck" but it has less to do with portion size (which is generous) and more to do with mouth watering flavor. 
Not many places in the city sells a crawfish Po-boy sandwich but you will not find one remotely as delicious as Chef Jeff's CrawDat Po-boy with it's mixture of fried and sauté crawfish tails, there will be a lip smacking party in your mouth that could border as embarrassing in polite company, Lol! 
I first had the CrawDat Po-boy and his fried Jambalaya Balls (another must-have) at the annual Soul Fest held at the Audubon Zoo and now I can get this and more a short drive from downtown NOLA. The Kitchen is located less than a 10 minute drive from most places on Canal, Magazine, Claiborne and St. Charles Streets. 
If I was to knock the place it would be that it appears to be designed more for take out orders as it has limited seating. Also there is no table service but I am fine with that. More money in my pocket. So, Heard Dat Kitchen is not in the greatest of neighborhoods but I have not had any issues on my many trips and suspect you won't neither. Make the trip folks. You won't be disappointed!My husband and I went to New Orleans for my birthday trip all with the goal to find great NOLA food. We tried places based on Yelp reviews amd although some of the food was good. They just weren't hitting the spot in terms of taste...was missing some "oomph". On our last two days in town in researched again but specifically looking for black owned restaurants with great reviews and found this place. We decided to check it out. Let me tell you...the reviews on here are speaking the truth. 
Location: The place was really easy to get to by car. Had no trouble parking. We parked right in front of the restaurant. Some people might think the area is sketchy but people are around and we didnt feel uncomfortable or unsafe at all.
Building: The building is very unassuming and if you dont know what you are looking for you might miss it. There were people eating outside when we arrived so we easily saw the entrance.
Service: Excellent! Our waitress was so sweet and helpful. She does her job well managing all the orders/serving/answering phones all by herself. Definitely felt a sense of community there.
FOOD: This is truly fine dining. No joke. My husband and I wanted to try different things so we each ordered two entrees (4 total..and yes we were ready to grub lol): I ordered the superdome and bourbon street love, husband ordered the chef's special - crawfish etoufee and superdome and bread pudding. It was hands down the best food we had the whole time in NOLA l. PRIMO os a good word to describe it. Everything was fresh, flavorful without being salty, and well-plated. Oh yeah and make sure to get "dat shyt" punch. We ate in at one of two tables inside.
We loved it so much we went back the next day for lunch before we headed to the airport. Ordered the same thing except I got shrimp and grits and the superdome. Again...PRIMO! we were so stuffed both time but we was well worth it and the cost is super affordable. At this quality though, they could easily charge double. 
This is definitely a go-to for when we visit again. Dont let the location deter you. Folks from all walks of life eat there so come and enjoy!I would definitely have to say this spot is a hole in the wall! We of course, found this restaurant through Yelp and saw the perfect rating and just had to come here and see what it's all about.
At first arrival, we were not impressed with the appearance. It is small and a two man operation, which we later found out was run by the father (Chef) and the daughter (server). The server was very nice and helpful into suggesting what we should order.
I would have to say the food we ate was the best we had at New Orleans, or even the best Cajun/Soul food I've ever eaten. There were 4 of us and we each ordered something different. I personally ordered the Mardis Gras Mambo, which was the fried fish, mac and cheese, and the peas and potato salad. Just wow, it was so delicious I can still taste it even two months later. The fish was perfectly fried and beautifully seasoned. That cheese sauce was amazing, and who doesn't love mac and cheese. 
I apologize for not having any pictures, we just couldn't wait to dig in! 
If you're looking for some good soul food in New Orleans, I cannot recommend this place enough! Everything on their menu is a hit!Best place EVER!!! Service was superb and quick. Well let's start off with the waiter, she was amazing and super friendly which was a plus.. side note: great eatery place for tourist :) well I ordered bourbon love dish and my dad ordered the super dome dish ,  both dishes were amazing. Chicken was cooked perfectly. Definitely check it out and prices weren't too bad either.Came here w/ my girl for lunch and we were over the moon. This was delicious soul food with great service. Tia and her girls are gems, just the nicest, most attentive ladies you can find. Also, Chef Jeff himself came out to make sure we were enjoying our meal; you can tell everyone here really cares about providing delicious food and fantastic service. We'll definitely be coming here the next time we're in town.Amazing! If your visiting new orleans this will give you a great experience! Lobster mac and cheese and a huge piece of fried chicken was absolutely amazing!Found this place on Groupon and liked the menu.  Had the Superbowl and it was the best food I had the whole vacation. Also had the skeesh wings and I was sopping up the sauce with the fingers when I ran out of wings.  Wasn't disappointed at all and everyone was so friendly.  Will be back whenever I return to NOLA.Please don't let this hole in the wall joint fool you! This was by far and Hands down the best place that we ate at in Nawlins! We enjoyed the service and the food. My family couldn't stop talking about it! The server had every order down precisely.  The food was perfect in temperature and taste. We continued to order more food to accommodate our group of 13. I'd recommend any dish! 
I found them on Groupon.  The reviews do not lie! The perfect comfort and soul food! Man, dat food was all dat!This was hands down the best meal I had in New Orleans. Ordered the SuperDome and dat fries. Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection. The fish, lobster potatoes, sweet corn, onion rings and lobster sauce married well. Hate that this is the last day in town. I would like to eat through the menu.Best food in Nola by far... Its like that saying don't judge a book by it's cover, the appearance of the location is just a hudden treasure. My food and all the other food my family ordered was great. This Family owned business is welcoming and the daughters are very hospitableFantastic food. I had the blackened fish and red beans. Both delicious. I also got the gumbo. I'm usually not a fan of seafood gumbo, but there was not a drop left.Aftermath of what was a Superdome so good u need every utensil the knife to cut the flakey fish the fork for those lump of lobster and a spoon to get the sauce that runs under the foil mmmmmm good don't miss this spotSuperdome was best plate I've had in a long time. All love to the heard family who run this great establishment. I'll be back definitely !!My husband and I just dined in today. We had the wings and dat fries as an appetizer-- SO GOOD. I had the Bourbon Street fried chicken over Mac n cheese... delicious. We topped it off with a very tasty bread pudding! We will be back. Tia, thank you for helping us feel at home and treating us like family.This place is AMAZING. Not that much seating on the inside but well worth the wait. I came here with my friends from up north to give them the taste of NOLA that I know and love. I was not disappointed, the food was stellar. I got the Mardi Gras Mambo and Punch. First, the punch was great. it was good and sweet and super thick just like you would expect in the south. The Mardi Gras Mambo was bomb as hell. The fish was seasoned and I can drink the crawdat sauce. The potato salad didn't have that much mayo (which I hate) and stayed cold next to the hot food. The cashier was friendly and the food came out piping hot.Finally made it here to get a long overdue taste of Chef Jeff's cuisine. Absolutely amazing food...compliments to the chef!!! My husband and I have definitely decided to become regulars. We ordered the Superdome & the Mardi Gras Mambo. 
Our only complaint (which is why we didn't rate 5 stars) is that as amazing as the food is the venue is not really suitable for dining in. It's best to order to go. The restaurant is very small with No bathroom and they tend to get a lot of indigents/panhandlers.OMG! This food is awesome. The staff were helpful and friendly. The best food in New Orleans. Please do not let the outside fool you.Omg, hood as ever but food was 5 stars. It's BYOB and there's a convenience store in the same building so we stopped by for some beers and liquor to go with the great punch they serve. Groupon saved our party of 4 some money and we definitely didn't leave any leftovers. When in NOLA please come out and eat here!Soul, comfort food at its best! The crawfish cream sauce is to die for. These are very heavy dishes, don't order thinking you're getting anything light. Their signatures seems to be fried fish or chicken drenched in the crawfish cream sauce with a side of peas and potato salad. If you are craving decadence, this is your spot!The good is fantastic! Five for sure
The owners daughters are personable and know what they're doing!!
The menu is limited but what they cook  they do so pretty damn well and take pride in it!!
Inside seating is very limited....
Outside seating is on the sidewalk and people walk by your table or ride their bikes right there.... an authentic ride by!
No way would I have sat outside at night and cautiously, even at night.
That's how they loss half a star. In a different neighborhood it'd be a five and you'd easily be paying $15-20 more pre plate.
The sauce on the meats are great, the presentation excellent and the Mac-n-Cheese some of the best I've ever had. The meal really is special .....really it is. 
The chicken breast was very good as well.
The meal is more than affordable .... only because of the area but I had no problems. I sat outside, ate my food and enjoyed where I was.
It was GREAT
Sunday, 16th of Sept. 2018
I tried to go by after the football game between the Saints and the Browns. I was really excited to eat there again and to research it as one of the few New Orleans places open in a Sunday .. I was elated only to pull-up after the game to find out they were closed. Perhaps just for this Sunday but I was soooo depressed!!!!!
Just to let you know there posted time may not be accura
Monday, the 17th
The daughters wanted to know where it was stated they were open on Sunday because they tried to correct it everywhere. Mistakes happen, I was just glad they were still open.
The food remains very good!!!!Delish real creole New Orleans food! Wonderful owners and chef. Take out with a few outside tables, definitely worth the walkThe food here is so unbelievably tasty. What an amazing dinner. I had the fried chicken and it was cooked perfectly. It's worth noting that they only do take out after 4pm (at least on Fridays anyway) so you should plan your trip around that. The staff are very friendly though and let us eat our meal in the waiting room as we were too hungry to wait any longer!Hidden Gem for sure. I came here after the place we originally wanted for lunch was closed. Heard dat did not disappoint. I ordered the Mardi Grad Mambo and my husband had the Fish with yellow rice and crawfish sauce. It took a little minute to get the food but boy it didn't disappoint. The fish was huge and flavorful. The sides were great. And the potato salad was everything. We will definitely be ordering from again. I hope this spots stays in the neighborhood.Warning Warning Warning!!! If you are not comfortable being in da HOOD, take your food to go. Great food with a real authentic taste of NOLA. My family of 6 sat outside and enjoyed the food on the side walk as the people who lived here walked by. Was I scared, Hell NO, I'm from the Hood and everybody greeted me as they walked by. Great Find and Great Food!!!This place is off the beaten track and can be a little hard to find but it is well worth the trip. The food was delicious.  Seriously the best fried chicken that my wife and I have had!
I had the red beans and rice with fried chicken and it was so good that I wanted to lick my plate clean.
My wife had the Bourbon street love and the mac and cheese was on spot.  It wasn't too heavy or rich but deliciously creamy and tasty.
We then finished things off with the bread pudding.  The caramel sauce was heavenly!!!
My only regret is that we didn't find this place earlier during our trip so that we could have eaten there again.  We will definitely be heading back the next time we are in town!My husbad and I went to New Orleans on ly birthday trip all with the goal to find great NOLA food. We tried places based on Yelp reviews amd although some of the food was good. They just weren't hitting the spot in terms of taste...was missing some "oomph". On our last two days in town in researched again but specifically looking for black owned restaurants with great reviews and found this place. We decided to check it out. Let me tell you...the reviews on here are speaking the truth. 
Location: The place was really easy to get to by car. Had no trouble parking. We parked right in front of the restaurant. Some people might think the area is sketchy but people are around and we didnt feel uncomfortable or unsafe at all.
Building: The building is very unassuming akd of you dont know what you are looking for you might miss it. There were people eating outside when we arrived so we easily saw the entrance
Service: Excellent! Our waitress was so sweet and helpful. She does her job well managing all the orders/serving/answering phones all by herself. Definitely felt a sense of community there.
FOOD: This is truly fine dining. No joke. My husband and I wanted to try different things so we each ordered two entrees (4 total..and yes we were ready to grub lol): I ordered the superdome and bourbon street love, husband ordered the chef's special - crawfish etoufee and superdome and bread pudding. It was hands down the best food we had the whole time in NOLA l. PRIMO os a good word to describe it. Everything was fresh, flavorful without being salty, and well-plated. Oh yeah and make sure to get "dat shyt" punch. We ate in at one of two tables inside.
We loved it so much we went back the next day for lunch before we headed to the airport. Ordered the same thing except I got shrimp and grits and the superdome. Again...PRIMO! we were so stuffed both time but we was well worth it and the cost is super affordable. At this quality though, they could easily charge double. 
This is definitely a go-to for when we visit again. Dont let the location deter you. Folks from all walks of life eat there so come and enjoy!Just ate lunch here.  I have to say it was AMAZING.  Blackened fish with lobster mash!!!   Then to top it off the bread pudding was to die for.   
This is a family run restaurant and we met most of them.  They are amazing.   Please visit Heard Dat Kitchen if in New Orleans you will not be disappointedI drove by here one night, as I had it bookmarked in yelp.  After driving by and taking a good look at the neighborhood, I knew deep in my heart that I would never have the nerve to walk in that area in order to try the restaurant.  Being an electronic security technician, I'm constantly working atop some crime scene, but this particular neighborhood had me worried. I'm not sure why, as I risk my life to go through the gauntlet at Chinese Kitchen on Carrollton. The gas station a block away from there is robbed on a weekly basis. So why not give it a go.
I went with my coworker, and he seems to remember the place from his childhood. It was called "partners" and it served some of the best barbecue in the entire city. He specifically remembers that it was very happening place in his time.
Removing the bookmark for this restaurant was the biggest mistake that I've ever made on yelp. We walked in and there's a tiny window for takeout that looks like a bank teller. But if you choose to, you can sit outside at a table on the sidewalk. We sat at a table and I ordered a traditional dish, and he ordered a special.
To make a long story short the food was nothing less than completely amazing. Mine was a fried chicken that rivaled any place in the south, and it was on a bed of macaroni and seafood sauce. My friend ordered the steak that was topped with fried shrimp it looked equally as amazing.
You could tell that they had a few Yelpers that went there to try it out having seen the incredible reviews. In the middle of our meal, we had chance to meet the chef. Chef Jeff came to our table and asked how everything was. He also brought his protégé.  Are young man that expressed his gratitude to be able to bring such joy through the art of cooking. My only regret, is that I didn't have the guts to try this place much sooner than I did. Looking back on things, if you're that scared to go in the neighborhood, you can order the food through Uber eats.
My chicken was simply incredible. There's only one reason why Chef Jeff did not win first place at the fried chicken festival. He did not enter!!. After we were finished with our meals, the waitress came out with dessert as lagniappe for us to try.
The desert consisted of a cube of bread putting, that was drizzled with Caramel. It had a heavy dose of powdered sugar atop it, and it also had fresh pecans on top to galvanize the excellence of the establishment.
I went on and on and on about how incredible the meal was, and to put it in a nutshell- "everything chef Jeff touches turns to gold.!"My friend recommended me to come try this spot. Service was phenomenal. It's a very small joint. They have a back room for dining in. Felt a little weird in there, like a storage room turned dining room. 
Ordered the Superdome. It was very good. Blackened basa fish (a regional white fish) topped with mashed potatoes, corn and lobster cream sauce and onion rings. It was good and plentiful.Wow!  This is their first weekend opening up the indoor dining room and the service was so hospitable!  They really know how to take care of their guests.  We had the Bourbon Street Love and Dat Plate (fish).  All was well seasoned and filling.  As the finale, and since we were so full, we got the Bread Pudding to go. Looks like it will be just as good.  Enjoyed the cuisine and vibe at this Black family owned and operated restaurant.  Wish they had one in MD.DE....LIC....IOUS! 5 STAR RESTAURANT Gourmet food in a white styrofoam take out tray! Rich and flavorful! Great customer service. Must eat outside. Pseudo sketchy neighborhood, but everyone is SUPER NICE with Southern Hospitality. This place was really busy too! It is well known by locals. Super YUMMY!!Delicious food and awesome customer service! Let's not forget "dat shit" drink! Dat shit was good! Will definitely return whenever I'm in New Orleans! Thank you Tia for being awesome from the time we walked in until we left with our bellies satisfied! Heard Dat is where it's at!Ok would do five stars cause it's all about the food...it's amazing the chef is gifted!! I had the fries and the super dome met some locals who ate there let me just say you will be sitting in this area eating with your shoes off....food so good you gotta kick your shoes off anything you order you cant go wrong ...if you can get in now go cause this spot will have a long wait in no time...as we ate people where pouring in from word of mouth..Jersey -chicago -Memphis all I can say is go, enjoy , kick yo shoes off hope you "HEARD DAT"Loved it. PERIOD! The food is amazing, and so are the folks who work there. I found out about Heard Dat just by looking on yelp, and was more than thrilled with the outcome! This place is locally owned, and I would HIGHLY recommend to anyone going to New Orleans. 
Definitely would recommend the Surf and Turf, as well as the Dat Tea!
Thank you so much for the experience, and I'll be back whenever I'm back in the city!This was our fourth time eating here, and Chef Jeff did not disappoint. The "Superdome" selection is scrumptious; the bread pudding with rum sauce is a terrific ending to an excellent meal. The challenge of locating the restaurant dims with the first bite! For us, Heard Dat Kitchen = New Orleans.Best comfort food in New Orleans. The chef and owner's last name is "Heard."  Favs are the Superdome and Bourbon Street Love, but everything is delicious there. You won't regret it, and you'll be back for more. Heard dat!Dont let the location fool you. The food is authentic New Orleans family flavors.  When we arrived we walk into a very unassuming foyer.  Then we were taken around the back to enter into a very quaint dining room.  Everyone was so warm and friendly III felt like you were dining with distant cousins.  The restaurant is family owned, dad is  the chef, Tia does everything and mom is a beautiful hostess.  We ordered the Superdome and it was a flavor we never experienced. It was a party of flavors in our mouths.  We saw it on yelp with all of the great reviews and I am here to give another 5 star review.  As an appetizer we ordered the Crawdat fries. Get them!  Oh my goodness a great way to experience authentic Nolo flavors.  Look on Groupon for great deals.Waited till the end of our 10 day visit to New Orleans before I posted a review, the reason being, I wanted to see if any restaurant was better.  By far "Heard Dat" had the best food hands down.  It doesn't have a dining room but it does have The most amazing food. This is a must stop if you're in Louisiana.Long story short I ordered the Bourbon plate and I've been trying to get back ever since! The best damn food I've had in a while, the staff is super nice. I was not expecting such good food and great serviceWe drank "Dat Shyt", we ate "Dat food", then I took "Dat Shyt" to go! Had a great meal, split the Super Dome and Bourbon Street signature plates. Chef Heard came to our table and later sent over bread pudding... ate dat too!Hole in the wall (seriously, we entered through the back door of a "grocery store") but man am I glad we stopped here! Food was great and had flavor for days! Very fresh. The service was warm and hospitable. Would definitely recommend!Wow! I have a buddy that is from New Orleans and said I HAVE to eat here! Thank Josh!!! This place is everything I anticipated and more. Service was awesome! FIRST CLASS spot for sure!!!!The food here is delicious, served fresh and piping hot. The family that owns the place is super sweet and clearly takes a lot of pride in what they do.  I would highly recommend to seafood lovers in particular.The reviews had me excited, but this place is highly OVERRATED.   The flies were vicious.  The fish was OK, at best.  DO NOT buy the GROUPON!This is my second time in New Orleans and I just seemed to have a hard time finding good food even though this is the Mecca of great food. I googled black owned restaurants and Heard Dat came up and stopped by for lunch. From the moment I walked in the staff was AMAZINGGGG. The owner walked me in to meet her daughter who sat me down asap and gave me the run down on the menu. I sort of created my own meal by getting the blackened fish, Mac&Cheese and onion rings to top it off with the craw dat sauce I think it's called. When I tell you this is by far one of the best meals I have EVER had!!! The whole experience was just awesome anddddd they had sweet tea which I appreciated. I can't wait to come back in October and have their food again. Please spend your dollars here and help this business flourish. It's black owned and family ran which just makes it all that better.PLEASE DON'T SLEEP ON THIS PLACE!!!! The food is exceptionally amazing. This is food that you would go pay over 50.00 for at an elaborate restaurant. Don't let the area scare you away... Everyone is minding their own business, and they have southern hospitality and say Hello as they pass by. The lady cashier is so sweet. The blackened fish was perfectly seasoned. I have eaten at so many places and I must say that this food is THE BEST!!! You are paying for the food, not the location. So give this place a try. You won't regret it.Really high quality food from this little hole in the wall place. Will definitely go back to try more stuff! Super nice staff too. Love it!Be prepared to wait a bit for your food because it's cooked fresh and served steaming, wonderfully, hot. But it is well worth the wait. I had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese and oh my word! Its some of the best food I've ever had. The staff is super friendly and the chef even comes out to check on you. 10/10, would devour again!Came here to eat on our road trip to New Orleans from California. Loved it!!! The food is amazing!! Especially the grits, seafood and crawfish fries!! Met the family too. Wonderful business.Food AND service is simply exquisite. You can bypass this little unassuming spot if you want to but you'll regret it. We jumped in Lyft and I searched yelp for a Black owned restaurant (yup, I do that in every city #BuyBlackEveryDay ) and stumbled upon this little gem. The old adage "don't judge a book by its cover" is QUITE appropo because if you didn't read the reviews before stepping  into this cute little spot you would say #WTF ? When you drove/walked up.
THINK AGAIN. Go on in, ring the little bell on the window counter and get ready for a taste sensation.
I had the Mambo dish and the fish was fresh, flaky and perfectly seasoned. I'm not a big crawfish fanatic (sauces aren't my thing) but dayum! It was good. My man had the Bourbon Love and we bout had a battle over his chicken.
We made up over bread pudding after a brief spoon battle.
If you are wondering...wait a minute... isn't she gluten free? Yeah, well...sometimes ya gotta take the little gluetnease pill and just go for it.
I did...no regrets.
No photos. I forgot but the pics of other's food is representative of the dishes. Beautifully plated and the taste to match.
The young lady serving is an absolute joy. Here's to hoping they open a spot in northern California.