My favorite place to eat in New Orleans by a long way, and the house cocktail alone is worth the price of admission.I was really excited about going here. My parents love it so I really wanted to love it as well. The food was good but the service was so bad that it really took away from the food.  I feel bad writing this knowing that everyone in the kitchen worked very hard to excellent but our serve seemed to be under a cold and was not the least bit helpful.
For some reason we were very lucky that another server took over with out us complaining and saved the night. Otherwise I would've done 1 star.  For the price you are charged the service should be accordingly.  I lived many years in NOLA and I know what to expect from each place. With so many incredible restaurants to choose from I highly doubt I'll be back here in a long time.  Hopefully the next time will make me take this review down.This review is related to the service rather than the food. Unfortunatley I had to write my first negative review on Yelp due to the most bizzare experience I had at this restaurant on New Year's Eve.
My boyfriend and I stopped in around 5pm to make a last minute reservation here  and to our surprise they had availability at 9:30pm..perfect. We told the hostess how excited we were to eat here, as a friend of ours was ravving about the unique menu. 
When we arrived at 9:20pm, the hostess said she would get us checked in and let us know when our table was available. Around 9:45pm, I asked when we would be seated and the hostess looked very surprised we were still waiting, which made me think she forgot to check us in..fine. Around 10pm, our table was ready.
Upon receiving the menu, we quickly realized that the menu was a set, fixed price menu for the evening. Granted it was a holiday so this makes sense, however we were not informed of this when we made the reservation nor did the hostess say anything about the reduced menu after I mentioned to her that our friend was ravving about how great it was. To make it worse, the set price was $90 (salad, entrée, dessert), which we felt was a little steep given that we were looking to share several small plates and we were not extremely hungry (and didn't want to fill up too much before going out later that night). We are huge foodies and enjoy lavioush restaurants often, so the price wasn't the turn off. It was the unwillingness of the staff to accommodate us that was very disappointing....
I asked the waiter if we could order one fixed price meal for the two of us the share. He wasn't sure so he left to ask the manager, but he came back with a "no". I asked him if I could speak to the manager myself, who came right over to the table. I explained to him that we wanted to stay and enjoy dinner there, however we only wanted to buy one fixed price meal because 1) we were not informed that it was a fixed price menu in the first place 2) we were seated 30 minutes past our reservation time and if we knew there was a fixed price, we could have been eating somewhere else already 3) neither of us were that hungry and the food (and our money) would go to waste.
The manager replied that he "did not have the authority" to allow us to do that and it was obvious he didn't care what kind of story I told him, so we decided to get up and leave. This situation was so bizzare to me for a number of reasons: 1) how does a manager not have that kind of authority? 2) it was unlikely anyone else would be coming in for dinner at that time. Wouldn't they rather us purchase one set price dinner rather than lose business on that table all together? 3) It was very poor customer service in a situation that could have been an easy fix. It's sad that I felt so poorly treated and felt I needed to write a negative review. Not to mention the fact that I will never recommend this restaurant to family or friends. New Orleans has so many amazing restaurants to offer..take your money to a less pretensious place.it's been two years since i enjoyed myself at Herbsaint. on a gluttonous day in Nola i stopped in for lunch with the intention of gorging myself on delicious eats. i got the ever so famous spaghetti with guanciale and fried poached egg (yum!), the grilled tuna sandwich (also yum!) and the chocolate pudding cake with salted caramel, cashew ice cream and cocoa nib caramel corn. i swear that dessert was probably one of the best things iv'e ever eaten in my life! it was SO good i almost would've ordered a second one if i didn't feel like i was going to just throw it up from execessivness. i sorta wish Herbsaint were in SF so i could get fat eating that dessert on a weekly basis.The food was very good and the staff was attentive. However, it did take some time to get the food and to receive the bill. Overall, I would definitely come here again. The coconut pie for dessert was excellent.Excellent spot, top notch food without a stuffy atmosphere. The perfect synthesis of French, American, and a dash of Mexican. Case in point: tuna with mint and chillies poached in butter. 
All the pasta dishes are very fresh. Diverse wine list, but the Steel Hibiscus cocktail is not to be missed. 
I've been going here off and on for twelve years and never had a bad meal. Highly recommended. Great informed, attentive and friendly service. Think Per Se in New York at 40% of the price.Had dinner here last Friday while visiting New Orleans for the first time. The food was fantastic, but I was even more blown away by the service. The servers work in tandem and are constantly checking in, whether it be to check on the just-served course, refill a glass, or bus plates. The attention to detail is impressive. I also met Reno, the GM of the restaurant, and he's particularly impressive with how he is constantly moving, keeping an eye out and working the room. 
As for the food, we ordered the gumbo to start, then a number of the small plates (the gnudi and tuna were particularly good), and finished off with the lamb neck. All in all, I was extremely satisfied.
I would highly recommend Herbsaint, one of the best meals I've had in a long time--and that's saying something, given the number of great restaurants in New Orleans.Herbstaint is not the same. We have eaten at this restaurant several times and regret our last experience was disappointing. It seems that the popularity of the restaurant is effecting the quality of service and food. We have visited on week nights and busy weekend nights in the past. On this occasion it was a Saturday night and busy. Any one of our issues was minor but when you add them up we walked away disappointed to not have the same experience as in the past.A lovely dinner at a lovely place in NOLA.  I had heard about Herbsaint on an earlier trip to NOLA but I was unable to get here so imagine my delight on this go around when they had an open reservation for my group.
We arrived to what we thought was going to be a disaster.  There was a large convention in town and most of the tables were huge groups of 10 and 13.  The hostess just pointed us to the bar area to wait, telling us our "table wasn't ready".  Okay.  Let's see how this goes.
The  bartender was great and made us an "elder mule" which was a light and refreshing take on a Moscow mule.  Since we had a party to go to that night, we gave ourselves a 15 minute time period for our table to be ready or we were going to have to eat at the bar.
Well the restaurant gods were smiling on us as those big groups left and we got a table right in the center of the action within our time limit.
Our server, Lauren, was great.  Smiling, personable and with a great laugh that she could still muster after dealing with all those large groups!  Hats off to you, Lauren as you made our night.
The menu has starters, small plates and main courses.  We started with the watermelon, crab gazpacho.  Light with large pieces of crab, this was a great way to start my evening.  Other starters included a fig salad (also quite good) and a baked cheese.
For our entrees- I had the roasted shrimp and corn (wanted the highly touted risotto but it was not to be) but this was a wonderful choice.  So flavorful with a touch of spice.  And the other entrée was the pork belly- equally as tasty.
The wine list is nice as it has several great selections by the glass.
Definitely one of our best dinners while enjoying this wonderful city!This is my second time at Herbsaint.  My first experience was so memorable , it was my first priority to make  my reservation as soon as I knew I was coming back to NOLA.   The food is exquisite matched perfectly with friendly, knowledgeable and amazing staff.    The duck leg confit  is to die for.  Highly recommend!   
From the beautifully crafted cocktails to the cuisine, Herbsaint is NOT TO BE MISSED. 
I will be back!Hands down the best food I had here so far and that says a lot. The shrimp gumbo was so light and the meat just fell apart in your mouth. The salad was also devoured, I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. I was told by other travelers to check out one of Donald Link's restaurants and this was in a great location near the French Quarters. Oh and the service top notch. I highly recommend this place!The food was very good, but a little too rich.  And I don't know if I have ever said that about food before.  I like rich food.  I dip foodstuffs in butter.  I dip fried foodstuffs in butter! But the shrimp on rice thingy I had was pretty rich even by my standards. The cocktails were good.  I was there with a large group (30ish) so obviously it's not going to be perfect, but it also took 4 hours to finish the full meal.Maybe the best restaurant for the money in New Orleans. The small plates can rock harder than the large but it's all very very good. And the drinks are actually cocktails which is a rare thing for NOLA.Crispy goat?! Fresh yogurt tossed salad to go with?  Well yeah! I'm that girl who starts out eating like a lady and 15 minutes in becomes the girl who eats EVERYTHING!  My first visit to Herbsaint and I have zero complaints. Loved the ceviche, brabant potatoes are a traditional NOLA side dish and the ones here are on a completely different level than others around town. The spaghetti was tender, flavorful and I didn't want to share! I will be back...
FYI : if you are a wino, like me and my fellow diners, have a conversation with Joe...he is personable, knowledgeable, and not the least bit stuffy. A real treasure! Whatever you want to eat he will find the perfect wine to complement your meal.The food was exceptional and perfectly portioned. We didn't drink, but we ordered four courses. Our server was knowledgeable, but distracted and aloof. Her team mate, who was floating around nearby tables, was brusque and short tempered. Whatever was going on between them was palpable. It made the dining experience uncomfortable.My meal here was fantastic and I would definitely go here again. My steak was cooked to absolute perfection. The ambiance was lovely. no complaints here.OMG this place hit it out of the park!  Was there for a family celebration and everything was superb!  Food, service and atmosphere were perfect.
We all ordered a ton of food and shared everything.  Short rib was tasty, the white bean soup was great.  They have a banana tart or something like that that you must try.
Next time in NoLa I'm going back for sure! Thanks for a great evening!Seriously the bet dessert ever- I walked her specially just to eat this dessert!
Pistachio Pavlova with vanilla mascarpone and amarena cherries.I loved the menu variety the goat dish was unreal and served to me as my mate had the homemade spaghetti topped with a poached then deep fried egg. UNBELIEVABLEThe banana brown butter is the highlight of this restaurant and the main reason to dine at this place. The risotto was good and so was the gumbo, but the dessert was by far the most memorable part of dining at this restaurant. We had gone with a big group of coworkers, and many people also praised the rabbit dish (I didn't have that).  Overall, it's a very good restaurant, though the surrounding area is not exactly the safest or best-looking.Another amazing meal at Herbsaint. First time for lunch! Sitting outside on a beautiful day was a plus, service was prompt and servers always courteous!  I had the Crispy Goat with lentils and curry rice! What fabulous flavors in my mouth! My hubby had the small plate Spaghetti dish that was yummy and a perfect size to accompany the fried oysters (really big and juicy) with a hot wing dipping sauce and slaw! 
The 3 dinners I have had there have all been amazing! My favorite is the cold watermelon soup with lump crab! 
I love that this restaurant which tends to be visited by locals and not tourists! Relaxed and quiet outside, with the occasional trolley rolling by. Inside has a great vibe, young, businessmen and women.  Service is great! Desserts look amazing but we are always to full to partake!Do you like public hair with your spaghetti, if so, this place is for you. I'm not joking...service was good thoughI had my wedding "reception" here when I decided to get married in NOLA. I had wanted to find a place to have a small dinner with our closest family and friends who traveled from Baltimore to see us get married. I had looked around and Herbsaint was my choice. They were just the right price and gave us many options for a 4-course meal for all who attended.
The food was EXCELLENT. I came in thinking we would all be given small plate portions but left with a stomach that was overfilling with delicious food. Everyone loved the menu we chose and everyone had nothing but compliments about our service. They even allowed us to have a cake delivered which was very awesome of them. Our servers were very attentive during our time and made nice conversation with us.
The only negative I can say is that when it neared the end of our "party reservation", they kind of turned off the charm and basically gave us the strong hint that they were done serving us. I do understand that another party was coming after us however, but I just thought we got kind of brushed off at that point.
Either way, I loved this place and they made our reception an enjoyable experience!Had a lovely meal here.  Excellent food & service.  Especially enjoyed the pork belly & duck confit dishes!We liked you.  Gumbo was good.  Fried oyster and short rib appetizers were very good.  Tuna sandwich also good.  Dining partner liked the duck confit.  All-in-all, you were very good, glad we experienced you, but maybe once was enough.  Was not stellar, but solid.On our recent trip to New Orleans, a store clerk in the Quarter gave my partner and I a few restaurant recommendations, one of them being Herbsaint. After riding the St. Charles trolley, we hopped off for lunch.
The interior is warm and inviting and we were immediately seated. The service is absolutely wonderful. Our server welcomed us and provided the daily specials.
My partner ordered the crispy goat with beluga lentils and I had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. We also ordered fries and onion rings for the table. Warm bread was brought to the table while we waited.
My partner raved about his goat. The lentils were cooked perfectly. My fried chicken was warm and moist and absolutely delicious. The fries and onion rings were amazing. I'm not sure what sort of oil they use to fry their food, but it shows no grease and the fried food is very light. We both cleaned our plates!
I highly recommend stopping by this restaurant and walking around the Warehouse District before or after. There are some great galleries nearby and wonderful architecture. We will definitely return on our next trip to New Orleans.I recently dined here with a LARGE group of college friends for a meal that ended being pretty good for a table of 22! We did the three course fixed price menu and I selected the onion tart with kalamata olives, the duck leg confit and the chocolate pie dessert. The tart was very tasty but it was a bit 'greasy'. I absolutely loved the duck leg confit! It was almost perfect! I didn't think the dessert was the equal of the previous two dishes; it was rather uninspiring. Our waiter was knowledgeable and on point for most of the evening. We did get a magnum of pinot that had passed it prime but we got a bottle of 1999 Chateau Musar (Bekaa Valley, Lebanon) that was surprising complex and tasty. Our large group was seated in the rather plain back dining room and as our volume grew, nearby diners requested to be seated elsewhere which I found kinda funny. 
I've had better dining experiences here, so I'll have to re-Yelp after a more intimate dinner.Love this restaurant, great food, many bottles of great wine!Duck lasagna was amazing and paired with the veggie of the day, roasted broccoli. We had the oysters for an appetizer. The cold slaw and hot sauce on the side was a perfect touch. I also enjoyed a flight of red wines. Great date night. Portions are large enough to share for two.I am really sad about my visit to this place.  A group of 7 girls and myself made a trip from CA to NOLA for my birthday.  I researched restaurants to celebrate for months and finally was so excited when I chose this place.  I was only able to get a reservation at 9:30pm which was fine by me because I do not mind eating late!  When we showed up the table was not ready so we had to wait and did not end up getting seated until close to 9:45pm.  Then, we ordered some appetizers and were told shortly thereafter that the kitchen would be closing at 10pm.  At that point, we had not received any of our appetizers and were totally blindsided as no one had told us the kitchen would be closing.  We would've ordered everything had we known.  Basically 8 girls were forced to scrounge over some small plates and ended up leaving hungry.  My real question is why do they accept reservations so late and why do they not tell customers about the kitchen closing?  The only saving grace was that our server was amazing and the few bites of food I had were amazing too.Accostamenti azzardati ma ben riusciti, sicuramente molto particolari ma che personalmente ho trovato altrettanto gradevoli.
Certo, devono piacere i piatti speziati.
Materie prime buone.
Servizio pronto e cortese, locale tipico e carino.
Prezzi ragionevoli.
Lo consiglio assolutamente per sperimentare un buon ristorante di cucina locale, ma se non siete del posto dovete essere propensi ad assaggiare sapori nuovi.Great location.
Great tomato shrimp bisque--like eating thousands of tiny shrimp in each spoonful. Anyone who says otherwise is talking crazy talk.
Frog legs suck. Like chicken wings except not awesome.
Good wine.
Carpet.
Swanky McSwanks.
Lots of suits and khakis, a little boring stlye-wise.Get the Gumbo. It tastes like it was cooked in a pot which has never been cleaned, in a good way!I came here after my wedding and we had a rough start with some of the employees not being very nice to anyone in my party of 15. I Spoke to the manager (female w/short hair didn't catch her name) and she quickly took care of it even brought out a complimentary appetizer. Our server was super knowledgeable and patient w/such a larger group. Food was tasty and overall the experience was great! So glad we chose this place.Definitely my favorite restaurant in Nola! I was here for about 5 days and dined here twice even though there are plenty of other options. The food here is exceptional, we had the baked asiago, the gnocchi, the chicken entree, duck entree, and lasagna. Every single dish was memorable. Drinks were delicious, and the service was attentive & friendly. Loved it here!My wife and I ate here on our second visit to New Orleans. It was high on our list of restaurants to visit and it did not disappoint!  Not overly fancy, but nice with a bit of an industrial feel. It also has outside seating.  The food was 5 star. The spaghetti with a deep fried poached egg was one of the single most delicious dishes I have ever eaten. The food might be considered nouveau cuisine, but it is not over the top or pretentious.  Service was professional and friendly. The price, not cheap, was not bad for a big city high end restaurant. Definitely worth a visit even in a city full of excellent restaurants like NOLA!What a pleasant experience. My wife and I wandered in looking for lunch and were treated fantastically.
I ordered the Grilled gf Farms Chicken with Orzo, Idiazabal and Mushrooms and a short time later the manager approached me to apologize that there had been a problem with my chicken and that the chef refused to serve it. They had already started the dish over, but because it was chicken it was going to result in a bit of a wait. She then offered pretty much any drink, appetizer or side on the menu to occupy my wait. I refused as I was still enjoying the warm bread from the table. She brought me some French fries with a slightly spicy dipping sauce that I tried and ended up consuming entirely. A short time later the chicken was presented and it was delicious. I was also informed that my meal was free of charge by way of apologizing for my inconvenience. 
The entire staff was gracious and hospitable. The manager provided as wonderful an experience as I could have desired.   It speaks highly of a restaurant that values their customers enough that they quality control their food the way that they did for me today. 
I will be back and I encourage anyone reading this to 'wander in' as well.Food: 4/5. Service: 4/5. I wore jeans and thought I was under-dressed...until someone else showed up with their toddler.Another great restaurant discovery in New Orleans. This one is located in the Central Business District and caters to the more professional crowd (at least for lunch). After having lunch at Herbsaint Bar and Restaurant yesterday I watched an episode of Anthony Bourdain in New Orleans post-Katrina and learned that the passionate co-owner and chef, Donald Link, came right back to New Orleans within weeks to re-open his restaurant, followed by opening the ever-so-famous Cochon (another favorite of mine). That is dedication! 
The restaurant serves a mix of French and Italian flavors with a southern twist. We wanted something light for lunch so opted for the tuna sandwich and goat salad. At first I thought the goat salad was goat cheese but the server informed us that the goat salad was actually crispy goat meat served over a mix of greens. I'm a fan of goat meat ever since I've learned that it is much healthier than other forms of meat and the taste is delicious (have you ever tried a goat roti?). 
Our food arrived and was both perfect. The grilled tuna sandwich was served with a side of salad and crispy chips and was ever so tasty. Actual fresh tuna pieces mixed with a melange of flavors and avocado- delicious! The goat salad was also great although I didn't like the crispy texture of the goat meat but the salad was delicious and fresh- the mint flavor overtaking all others. It was perfect for a perfectly sunny hot day. 
We loved this restaurant and will definitely be back for more.Very impressed with this restaurant.  We had very very good food and wonderful welcoming service the entire meal from entry to exit.  I had the rabbit fricassee with homemade pasta that was really delicious. For desert we shared a coconut tart with chocolate ice cream which was also fantastic.  Will be going back whenever I am in New Orleans.We walked in at about 8:00 without a reservation and they seated the 4 of us in less time than it took to have one drink. 
Very good attentive service. Nice menu selection. Prices are in line with other establishments like this. 
I do recommend the specials. Interesting and very well prepared. Worth a visit.6 of us went after cocktails. Easy to find in the Central Business District on St. Charles.  You can hear/feel the trolley as it passes.  The wine list was accessible, a variety of wines by the glass and reasonably priced bottles.  Appetizers: The gumbo was declared excellent.  I had the Fried Oysters on a tossed salad.  Very tasty and the oysters were superb.  The bread was also excellent at least one of us could have stopped there and been satisfied.  The special that night was Triple tailed fish on various greens.  The fish was  cooked right, not dry.  Someone else loved the shrimp ceviche.  I had the house made spaghetti with gaunciale and a breaded and fried poached egg.  Runny yolk all over the creamy sauce, yum.  A nice take on spaghetti al carbonara.  A variety of desserts capped a lovely meal.  Where the food and service was easily 4 stars, the noise level in the restaurant was too loud and made it impossible to chat with anyone other than your immediate neighbor.First time in New Orleans, and this was the best restaurant we went to! Cool atmosphere, great drinks, great service, and GREAT food! The lambs neck was AMAZING. I had never tried it before, and honestly? I think it's my new favorite! I would totally recommend this to anyone!It's a Donald Link restaurant... nothing more needs to be said!So disappointed.  I mean really disappointed.  Do yourself a favor.  Do NOT go there.  It's a 1 star since Yelp didn't allow me to post zero stars.
I am traveling on business and I heard such great things about this restaurant.  None of them were true.
First, I arrived early for my 9:30 PM reservation.  I wasn't seated at my table for '1' for another half hour.
I was pretty much ignored by the wait staff.  It took forever for them to bring me a menu.  It was even longer before they finally took my order and an eternity for the food to arrive.
When they finally decided to ask me if I wanted desert, it was like they forgot to bring a desert menu.  After they did, they NEVER came back to the table to take my desert order.
I finally just got up, found a staff person and asked for my bill.
Oh, the food you ask?  Average at best.  Not impressed.  A complete waste of my time and money.  There are many other restaurants that are much better.  Even McDonalds would have been a better experience.Delicious soup; good fish dinner.  My friends loved the frog legs, but I just can't eat them.  We had kids with us and the wait staff was good with them too.  And, of course, they were well behaved.
Lovely specialty cocktails.I ate at August last night and has a great experience while sitting at the bar.  Service was perfect and food was better.  Tonight I am at Herbsaint the bartender is impatient and rude.  I had the gnocchi small
Plate and want me to order the rest of the meal I told he I would like to wait.  That didn't seem to make him happy then took my menu and I asked can I have it back and he said later he was concerned I would get it dirty??? Don't these menus change regularly.  They are is missing the service part of this. I would say just not enough smiles here.  Food is good and service is average.
A lot of place to go in NOLA and not sure I would come back.  Got my entree and it's very good bar tender then offers me bread. Weak....Good food and wait staff.  Bill for two with tip was about $120.  We had glass of wine, split a salad, each had an entree and dessert.  Everything was very good.  They could improve on the decor a little, but you are there to eat and it was very good for that.  For couples the tables are along a bench along one side of the table and a chair opposite.  Sort of tight quarters if you want some privacy.We had our 39th anniversary lunch there, and it was amazing!   We started with a Reisling, and really enjoyed a seasonal appetizer of homemade Italian sausage with cloves, over a bed of lentils.  Our lunches were incredible - a tuna sandwich that came with homemade fries, and poached chicken tossed with fresh greens.  We finished up with a delicious chocolate dessert, served with cashew ice cream and caramel popcorn.  Oh my goodness, it was all so good!More great dining at one of New Orlean's best restaurants.
Butter poached fish dishes
Gumbo
Summer of Resiling wine flights
Friendly attentive servers
Herbsaint nails it on all fronts. This place is a treasure.Got in somehow on a Saturday night without reservations.  A great stroke of luck as this was a great spot.  Service, as some have mentioned includes a zone version rather than a man on man concept.  I'm sort of glad as one of the servers was ok but the other one was great.  All in all good service. 
The food was very good indeed.  I have always hear about their gumbo and had to try some while there.  Gumbo is very personal in that everyone has an idea of what they like.  Their version was a shade dark for me but I certainly had no problem getting it down.  Nice little wine list and not too marked up with some nice values.  
The dish that just blew my mind was their spin on pasta carbonarra.  The best and most unique version I have ever seen and I would go there all the time to get it if I lived nearby.  Perfectly cooked homemade spaghetti noodles dressed with perfect cream sauce and a fried egg on the side.  I don't mean as in the lame ass fried egg fried egg fad we now see gratuitously thrown all over dishes now.  I'm talking about a poached egg that is deep fried with a panko and parmesian coating that oozes perfect when cut into.  I'm talking real hard to do and off the freaking chart good when it comes out perfect.  
Go here, it is a NOLA winner.Had a great lunch here today with my friend.  Had: crabmeat with gazpacho app,  fried catfish entree, and goat entree. Every bite was so delicious! This is the kind of place you feel the need to come back to so you can try everything. It was pricey (for my budget) at $57  for two with no drinks, but honestly it was very much worth it. 
Tip: plan on 1.5 hours for lunch. It was busy and that's how long it took. Great service too.Great service, amazing food, cozy atmosphere. Our table loved everything we ordered, which included the gumbo, chicken, fish of the day (butter poached snapper), duck leg, and pork belly.This was the best food we had in NO. The gnocchi was the best we've had ever, and we've had a lot of gnocchi, including in Italy. The bartenders were super friendly and knowledgeable, which was refreshing after a tour through the French Quarter. Banana brown butter tart was the bomb.2nd visit and just as good as first time.  Food and service top notch.  In a city with a thousand gumbos I think I have a new favorite.  The roux possibly the best ever...no hot sauce on the table and I know why - don't mess with perfection.  Lamb lasagna large and very nice.  Another in our party had duck leg confit...super good.  Lower priced wine also top notch.  We'll be back.ok. the majority of the reviews on here are like 5 stars but i dont feel that way but that's ok right? dont stone me.
Highly recommend the smoke drum salad and the gnocchi.  We also had the crab meat with beets, that was really light and a great combination.  Fries are good but $6 for fries? I dont care if it was fried in duck fat or not but Ill have to remember that next time I go eat at another bourgie restaurant. No fries no matter what kind of aioli.  
Boss was crazy about the dark and stormy, must been good bc he left with his second in a togo cup back to the office.
Parking is anywhere on the street or in a lot close by.  We talking about the Warehouse District so majority of the time it's on the street parking.  Cash and credit.  Service felt rushed.Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants of all time. It came highly recommended from a local family member. She said it was one of the best showcases of New Orleans cuisine the city had to offer. 
The cocktails are really good. I had a caipirinha and it tasted just like they do in Brazil! Very refreshing. We had to wait about 5-10 mins for our reservations, which were for 7:30pm. The atmosphere is nice (pretty romantic) and service was excellent. The team service concept worked really well for us because we liked both servers. They both made excellent suggestions for dinner and helped us figure out how to tackle the menu. (We wanted to order everything!). 
The food was outstanding. My dining companion had the gnocchi small plate and I had the special grilled mushrooms with whipped feta, arugula and onions. Both were fantastic and a great start to the meal. The mushrooms and onions were cooked perfectly as well as the gnocchi. My dish was light and refreshing, the perfect start to a meal. For the main course, we had the lamb neck and the special fish of the day with a light cream sauce and fried crawfish. Both were amazing. Cooked to perfection and the flavor combination was fantastic. I loved the crunch of the fried crawfish with the meatiness of the fish. The lamb neck (I only tried one bite) was wonderful. Excellent food all around, not a single complaint about anything. 
I was nervous about the table set up. We were in the middle table right by the window inside. When we sat down, I thought we were going to have to yell to each other, but the people next to us were pretty quiet. I think we got pretty lucky, though. If making reservations again, I would request that we be by the window again or not in the middle table. For our visit, the small space between tables was a non issue. May not be so lucky in the future, so just be prepared for that, but the food is worth it!
I can't say enough about how wonderful the food is here. If you're in New Orleans, Herbsaint is the place to eat!One of my favorites in New Orleans.  I ate in the bar area but was treated like a king, even dining alone.  Many times when I do this when traveling the wait staff can have a tendency to leave me be.  The waiter kept my glasses full and a fantastic pace with the dishes, not to fast to rush & too slow to feel forgotten.  Not to mention the food.  Gumbo was delicious and is prepared differently day to day.  Ceviche was incredible & the fish of the day was snapper and wonderfully prepared (certainly not overcooked as is common).  Also try Peche & Cochon my other two favorite destinations in NOLA.Herbsaint was another delicious restaurant we went to during our last trip to New Orleans. The appetizers were some of the best we had on our trip. The gnocchi, grilled shishito peppers, and the short rib were all great. The wait staff was extremely kind and considerate of the food allergies in our group (gluten). Will definitely be back next during our next trip.Not a bad walk from the FQ.  The food was really great, had a chicken and andouille gumbo and sides of dirty rice and braised peas.  The gumbo used a dark rue and threw off a smokey flavor.
The service was a bit mediocre.  We did not order appetizers and the food was rushed through the kitchen.  We barely received our drinks and the entire meal was on the table.  Good traditional NO food.....Strong 4 stars for Herbsaint. This was our upscale dinner while in New Orleans. I loved the entire meal. The only minus was that i didn't get to try the lamb belly app that they were out of. It was the special for the night. I had the spaghetti with guanciale and fried poached egg. Very tasty and the pasta cooked to perfection. Other apps ordered were the white bean and ham soup and the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo. I did not try them but both people though they were good. My girl had the pork belly which i thought was excellent. Her mother and mother's boyfriend both had the ribeye steak. They said it was tasty but that the steak and fries were way too salty. The highlight of the meal (in my opinion) was the delicious lamb neck. I'm so glad i ordered it. Crispy, fatty, and flavorful. I want even mention the fideos or the tomato confit. They could have served me just the lamb neck on a plate and i would have no qualms about it. My girl and i shared dessert. The warm pudding cake with cashew ice cream and caramel corn. It was her favorite thing of the night. I agree that it was delicious, but i am glad we shared, as it is very rich and sweet. See you there. ENJOY!!I was excited to eat here based on the reviews, the awards, and recommendation of friends. Sorry to say I was disappointed by the food. While the menu reads well, the actual presentation and preparation falls short. A grilled oyster and shrimp appetizer was served ice cold (by design) and was oily and oddly flavored. The gnocchi was very light and tasty. The duck confit was greasy and dry. Bacon seemed to be in everything. Desserts were also a disappointment being either bland or too sweet. 
Service was attentive. Perhaps it was an off night in the kitchen, but if the food had only been as good as it sounded on the menu, it would have earned more stars.I was at Cochon and was impressed so I thought I would try the sister restaurant this evening. It was really good. I sat outside on a nice evening, only the streetcar every once in a while disturbed the peace. Gumbo was fine and the ribeye was excellent, top cut you don't see that often.Somewhere, sometime, someone thought
Bananas are a cheerful lot,
But coconut, that dandy chap, 
Is holding poor banana back.
This clever sir or lady uttered
"Burn the sugar! Burn the butter!
Add it to bananas, then
Be bold, be brave, add salt, deer friend!"
This was long before Herbsaint.
You think they're that good? Well, they ain't.
Nor did they invent goat cheese
Bolognese or fricassee.
Don't credit them; they don't deserve it.
But do trust them to cook and serve it.Food was delicious.  Menu is seasonal.  Kitchen takes risks with interesting flavor combinations like grapefruit and feta or perfectly cooked amberjack with blood orange and olive.  Brown butter banana tart was executed perfectly.  
On the downside, we had to wait for our table even though we had a reservation.I've been there several times, and it's never the same , sometimes is good others really bad . I had good and bad service there so I have mixed emotions towards this place. Is not the best one is not the worst one . There's a few great dishes but otherwise a mediocre restaurant.Dined here February 7th and enjoyed the shrimp & grits but hubs was a bit disappointed in the Provençal fish. Cocktails were perfect. 
***overhead halogens flickered throughout dinner; would've been seizure time if we were epileptic, instead was just annoying.Go to Herbsaint for a solid but unspectacular meal. Full? Yes. Satisfied? Maybe not.The food was good, but hard to appreciate since the portions were tiny. And ridiculously expensive for the amount of food that was served. Just walked away from this experience incredibly pissed off at the fact that I spent $50 on essentially 2 appetizers.Literally worst service in Nola. Server had poor knowledge of wine and food menu. Waited forever to be greeted and then waited forever for drinks. Manager had to take food order because server was too incompetent. Will never come back.Amazing! If you are looking for a culinary experience, this is your place. I was looking for a "Michelin" rated restaurant, however a guide does not yet exist for NOLA. Found this recommended online and I agree, it may be a contender if they decide to print a guide. Enjoyed the night's special of spotted trout and Riesling flight. Finished with buttermilk coconut pie.  Also recommend the Kentucky Cat. Thanks!Another restaurant I knew I wanted to try before my trip to New Orleans. This time because I'd read Julia Reed's book, The House on First Street, and she'd mentioned it as a favorite. We took the streetcar, but I'd misjudged where on St. Charles Avenue the restaurant was so it ended up being maybe three stops from where we got on. Definitely could've walked. Anyway, we had a reservation which, by the way, is a great idea if you're visiting New Orleans. Otherwise you might end up waiting over an hour for a table. So, we were seated by the front windows, and, right away, I ordered a Pimm's Cup, immediately feeling silly because my dinner companion just ordered water. But, whatever, I wanted a local drink, and it was very refreshing. I especially liked the cucumber garnish. We ordered salads which were delicious, and then I had shrimp for the main course which, again, was delicious. All in all, a very nice evening... good food, nice ambience, attentive waitstaff. It had started to rain when we were leaving, and, just like that, a taxi showed up to take us back to our hotel. Perfect.Herb Saint is a quaint restaurant off the main drag.  Service was fantastic.  Wine menu satisfies.  Food menu was versatile, including beef, pork, chicken, and fish.  Not the best place for a vegetarian.  I had the baked shrimp dish which was full if flavor.  My only complaint was that the large shrimp were not de-veined (gross).  Others at my table had the steak and the pork belly.  Seemed as though the pork belly was the most well liked dish at the table.  Last, i had the rum cake wit hice cream for dessert, which was moist and yummy.Wonderful meal...the one dish I remember the most was the pasta with the fried egg on top...fried egg meaning covered in panko and quick fried...I don't even care for eggs, but wow!!! We ordered a second one when neither of us wanted to share!Everything was absolutely amazing! I'm originally from "Cajun country" Louisiana, and the Gumbo at Herbsaint NAILED authenticity. That is NOT an easy thing to do. I am supremely impressed. The ambience and service is impeccable. We arrived early to our reservation (near opening time) and they were happy to accommodate and make us feel welcome as the restaurant was getting prepared. Duck, salad, it doesn't matter what you order it's all fantastic and true to theme and origin. 
I'll be back for sure!We came here because it was on the James Beard nominee list. We were able to get a later reservation of 7pm for Saturday, but had to sit by the bar, which was fine with me. 
- Beet salad: This was my favorite dish. It was spicy and I loved all the pistachios.
- Gumbo of the day: Chicken/Andouille sausage. In general, I don't find the appeal with gumbo, it is salty with no depth. This was no different At least the chicken was not tough at all.
And then it got worse. After the two starters, we waited a long time for our food. I didn't time it. We also didn't see our waiter walk by. Then, all of our small plates arrived. We had ordered 3 of them as an entree for two. Our dishes were warm but not hot. 
- Gnocchi with Pancetta and Parmesan Broth. Whoever said this was the best ever... hasn't been around much. The gnocchi was overcooked and tasted like a pile of dough, not in a good way. The seasoning was fine.
- Beef Short Rib with Potato Rösti, Salsa Verde and Horseradish Cream. The rosti was drowning in horseradish cream and there was a pool of it on the rest of the plate. The beef short rib was cooked fine but the overflow of horseradish made it underwhelming. 
- Housemade Spaghetti with Guanciale and Fried-Poached Farm Egg. The pasta did not taste homemade and also tasted limp and overcooked. The fried-poached egg was a fun touch, but overall, not a tasty and an underwhelming dish.
For dessert, we got the apple pie profiteroles. The puff didn't take fresh, more like fridge-fresh. It would've tasted better if there was more sauce, because otherwise the flavors did not taste grounded.
Overall, the meal was a disappointment. We're glad we didn't bother ordering any of the entrees.So after all of the hype, this is the second Donald Link restaurant I've eaten at and left very unimpressed.
When we arrived, the restaurant was definitely very busy. We were a little early, but that was not an issue and we were seated promptly. I've read other reviews about tables being close together and that is definitely true. So close together, that if the person sitting against the wall has to get up, you have to physically move the table to the side so they can get out.
For our meal, we opted for a few of the signature dishes. We did receive an amuse-bouche of caramelized onion dip on quarter sized crostini. The added cayenne in it was a nice touch, but I've made this at home many many times for football games.
For our starer we shared the Spaghetti with Guanciale and Fried-Poached Farm Egg. The pasta was cooked perfectly, but the fried poached egg was overkill. A simply poached egg would have been much better.
For entrees, my wife had the fish of the day which was stripped bass. She said it was cooked perfectly, but she's had better. I opted for the duck leg confit. It was good, and super tender. But again, I've had better. The dirty rice and cauliflower that accompanied it were excellent. We also both ordered the fried Brussels sprouts, which saved the day. They were outstanding. Really nice flavors going on with the mint, vinegar and chilis.
But it was the service that really ruined the whole experience. We saw our server chew out the other server who was assisting us, right in front of customers. And we felt extremely rushed. The food was flying out of the kitchen, which is normally a very good thing. But we had a bottle of wine that we were trying to enjoy and finish after our meal, and basically every time one of us took a sip the server would come over and pour more wine into our glasses. We also asked if we could buy some extra bread so we could have it for breakfast and were told that it wasn't possible. It just felt like they were trying to turn over as many tables as possible. And with having a lot of tables crammed in there it felt like a quantity over quality type of setting.Delicious!! Best bartender with great menu recommendations and extremely attentive. Gumbo was smoky and perfect. Snapper special hit the spot! Restaurant was larger than expected and looks like a great place to host parties!Herbsaint was an interesting experience. The atmosphere is lively and the artwork/decor is focused. Our service was impersonal: we really had to beg for our server to open up and speak with us. I find this to be an important aspect of service, particularly for us as first time diners hoping to be wowed by the flagship Donald Link restaurant. Sadly, we found our experience to be rushed as well. I suppose they need to turn tables quickly when you're such an in-demand restaurant but that made things a little uncomfortable too. I will grant 4 stars though because we really did enjoy the food thoroughly. Each dish we ordered was executed nicely and the pasta with fried poached egg was to die for. In addition to that we had the Shrimp with rice, butter poached tuna, and chicken with risotto and crawfish. All of it was very good, and had the dining experience itself been a little more comforting I'd have been much happier but I'll go with a 4 star here since the food really was great.Great ambiance, good service, and good food. Portions are on the smaller side which is great...you won't leave feeling stuffed.
Ceviche was well flavored and very fresh.  
Gnocchi was perfectly cooked and well flavored. 
Recommend sharing a few dishes rather than sticking to one. 
Good location...easier if you have a reservation.Food was great! 4 ppl in my party and the lamb lasagna was yummy with an unexpected salad. The duck was a really small portion, but really tasty! Lastly, I was told the shrimp and grits were some of the best he's ever had!!I once heard stumbling across a bad meal in New Orleans was like finding a unicorn.  Well folks--herbsaint is the unicorn.   
Pre-dinner cocktails- flavorless.  Apps- ceviche--too much paprika -- over powered the beautiful gulf seafood.  Short rib---over sauced and salted. 
Both main courses were the beacon of our entire experience.  
Desert--apple pie and coconut "cream" pie-- terrible.  Service was horrendous.  We were often left re--filling our own wine and water. Also the waitress brought our check before we even finished our meal.  Yes, this is extremely critical - but we ordered a $160 bottle of wine and had multiple courses...extremely disappointing meal and service experience in this city of culinary stars.Herbsaint continues to be our favorite restaurant in NOLA. The homemade spaghetti with guanacale and deep fried poached egg is as near perfection as a dish can be. The gumbo has a deep, rich, well developed flavor. As a matter of fact I can list every dish we've had here over the years and frankly they are all successfully executed. The service is attentive without being obtrusive. They were very aware of my wife's shellfish allergy and made certain the kitchen was also involved. The kitchen wanted to be sure we knew that the fries are cooked in the same oil that some shellfish had been in earlier in the dayCocktails could be better, but the food is excellent. The Spaghetti dish is amazing. Gumbo needed more depth to the stock, but had a good smokeyness to it and a little kick of spice. Duck with dirty rice was also amazing. Dirty rice was just subtle enough with the ground meat while still having tons of flavor. Tried a bunch of desserts and enjoyed them all.Visiting from out of town, and after some research, we decided on Herbsaint for my birthday dinner.  I just want the rabbit fricassee in my mouth forever - it was SO good.  We also loved the duck leg confit with dirty rice and the fish of the day.  Service was stellar.i had the "Herbsaint Tomato and Shrimp Bisque" and the "Muscovy Duck Leg Confit with Dirty Rice and Citrus Gastrique" last night.
both were absolutely delicious.
as for the main course -- the duck was nice and tender (and not super greasy!), the rice had the right about of seasonings, and the citrus gave the whole plate a nice kick. probably one of the best meals, if not the best meal, i've had in NO -- and believe me, there's tons of competition.
they have a nice selection of cocktails and a good selection of wines you can order my the glass.
ambience is real nice. there's a cute little bar in the corner. wait staff is polite, which makes the meal taste so much better.Recommended to us by a local, Herbsaint is a nice casually elegant restaurant in the Garden district. Do yourself a favor and get out of the French Quarter and walk over to this area. The food is better. The people are better and you're not in the tourist hotspot. 
Herbsaint has a great menu, great wines and wine flights. 
You can choose small plates to share, which we did. Or you can have traditional large plates. 
We started with a cup of gumbo. Their gumbo has a great rue. 
We shared the gnocchi, tuna and the saffron fideo. I have to admit that the saffron fideo was my favorite! I have no idea how they made this dish, but I must find the recipe!
Great restaurant! On the must have list for NOLA!Starve yourself the day before you dine here, because you'll want to eat everything. We had the gumbo, pork belly, lamb lasagna, and flourless chocolate cake with Vietnamese coffee ice cream. Everything was delicious, perfectly balanced. The lamb lasagna was the star though, I didn't realize lasagna could be so good. The gumbo had the perfect spice and smokiness, though it was more like a soup than a stew -- which was fine considering how well the flavors complemented each other so well. This was by far the best meal of our vacation.When a group of my friends were in New Orleans for a bachelorette get-away weekend around Aug 5, we ate at Herbsaint for dinner. This place was so delicious!!! Although, we ate family style, they forgot to bring out my order of steak. The manager came to the table to apologize immediately. When the steak came, another manager brought it to the table and apologized - as well as comp'ed the dish. The service was awesome. You have to try this place!I really liked this place. Great flavor in everything. We were a party of four and everyone enjoyed their meals. Definitely will return when I'm in town.Great service.  Food Orleans style. Don't go if money is an issue. $125 a person for the best of Orleans. Will repeatGreat meal; big groups welcome. We got the following: 
- short rib app
- spaghetti with egg app - most popular dish and highly recommend
- seasonal greens 
- lamb lasagna - highly recommend 
- chicken entree
- duck entree 
Everything was delicious! Service was meh. Waiter was boarder line rude and couldn't multitask. Dude you can pick up my dirty plate and take me espresso order.Visited here for a business dinner and could not have been more impressed.  The staff, service, ambiance and food were all outstanding.  I had the beet salad and lamb lasagna - WOW!!  Great place, highly recommend and will be back for certain.I am from new Orleans and have had many good meals in this town.  Herbsaint is average to below average with both food and service.  I would recommend spending your money elsewhere as there are many more options that are way more satisfying.Cute little place located in Saint Charles avenue. Went in with my friends and we ordered their small plates since we are going elsewhere and we don't want to be stuffed. So we shared everything and we enjoyed all the dish. From the salad, pasta, meat and dessert all of the dish were well seasoned and well presented on the plates because it looks pretty on how they served the food. They had drink specials as well when we went in and we had a good time.Yes,  Really, just yes.  Crab over beets as a started - really what an amazing combination.  Then one of the best shrimp dishes I've ever had.  Grilled shrimp and onions over Skordalia (look it up - fantastic) and this almost BBQ flavored sauce topped with almonds and fennel.  I had a bit of a friend's pork belly which was also awesome.  We shared a chocolate cake and banana torte.  Cocktails were pretty tasty as well - I had the kumquat caipirinha   Friendly servers who steered us to the best dishes.  
As a visitor to NOLA, this one will be on my list!I recently tried Herbsaint with a friend of mine, who had wanted to try the restaurant for a few months now. Overall, I had a great experience. We both started off with a small plate, which were very good. The spaghetti and fried poached egg was amazing. The mussels and fries were quite yummy as well. For entrees we had the fish of they day and the duck confit. Both were tasty, but I wasn't overly impressed. However, our dessert was amazing. We had the salted choclate brownie and icecream. I will go back, but I may stick to two small plates next time!Great for lunch or dinner.  It's got a fairly eclectic nouveau American menu.  Delicious soups, appetizers, you name it.  Some nice twists on "classic fare"--try their spaghetti and meatballs, for example.
It's a great value for an upscale business lunch.  Nice, open feel with high ceilings and large windows.
I take off a star because the lunch menu can be a little lacking in variety for some diets.  They also have a tendency to undercook things.  I've had rare fish and rare sausage served to me--neither of which should have been rare, for health reasons.Had dinner here with a girlfriend - seriously, one of the best meals I've ever had. Based on comments from other Yelpers, I went for the lamb neck, which was fantastic. Beautifully crispy and yet tender, and the roasted tomatoes just popped with juicy sweetness for contrast. They give you a slender knife so you can work your way around the bones - I totally cleaned my plate.
The lamb was the highlight, but I also enjoyed a plum gin fizz  for a cocktail. Dessert was great as well - the chocolate pudding cake with the salted caramel, cashew ice cream and cocoa nib and caramel corn - such a mix of flavors and textures. 
I would absolutely come back here again.OH HELL YES, New Orleans. 
If you are anywhere near this restaurant do yourself a favor and come here. The atmosphere, the food, the drinks, the service... all five-star experiences. I can't even recommend any one thing (except the plum gin fizz -- it's seriously a drink of the Gods) because my table and I split food so often. All I can say is hot damn is this place amazing.I have been visiting Herbsaint for many years and have enjoyed many family and business meals in this great restaurant.
The food, wine and service never disappoint. I love the classics like steak & fries, gumbo and local caught fresh fish.  
Save room for the wonderful deserts.  Oh yeah, cool little bar if you arrive early for reservation (gets crowded).Really nice place! The food and flavors were solid and the experience was great. The bread and butter started the meal off nicely. We had the short ribs, copia, pompano, bacon veg, sunchokes, and brown butter tart. All were very good! Highly recommended!We chose to do 3 small plates, to taste variety and leave room for cocktails and dessert. We had the spaghetti with poached egg, the short ribs, and the gnocchi. We savored every bite and loved it. This place was delicious.Had a great lunch.
The spaghetti with the fried poached egg on top is still one of the best dishes around.
The special lamb dish was good- not great. 
Service very good.Dined here with work colleagues. Service was excellent. Wine recommendations were on point. Loved the music.  Can't quite describe the vibe but if you are with a large multigenerational group, this is a good choice.Ok what can I say about this place. My husband and I are foodies. And hands down we thought no one was going to beat out out favorite place in SF Aziza. But coming out to NOLA we found we were wrong from the appetizer through to the main course was absolutely AMAZING!!!! The flavors were great! The cocktails were delicious. Thats the only thing that I would say Aziza still had the Best. We had the lump crab gazpacho, feta grilled kale salad, rabbit fricassee, gnocchi, and jumbo shrimp with greens and polenta. For cocktails I had the steel hibiscus delicious and my husband had the white negroni.Great meal with friends in early September.  Service was spot on and the food is outstanding.  Try the carbonara for a decadent dish.  (They have great cured meats and the carbonara has guanciale) Drinks and starters are terrific too. Neat setting in a city full of outstanding choices.Food was top notch. We couldn't get a table until 9:30 and the staff still delivered and amazing experience. We got all of the small plates and they were nicely delivered in two courses, pasta second. The ceviche was perfect. The homemade spaghetti incredible. 
The setting and crowd were a bit formal. I wish I had been wearing a jacket, though I wasn't the only man in shirtsleeves. Clearly, this is a place where serious locals come to eat - not just tourists.I went to dinner here on a Friday night with my husband and his family. I was not impressed, especially considering all of the good things I've heard about Herbsaint. The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't anything special. The same with the service, nothing special. I wouldn't go back here again by choice - just wasn't good enough for the price.My new favorite spot in NOLA. Im still thinking about and talking about the hot sauce and fried oysters I had last night. Must have the spaghetti. Insanely good and elevated comfort food. Coconut custard tart hit the spot. Excellent and friendly service.Vaunted during a business trip and can honestly say this has been one of the best meals I've ever had. 
The food was delicious and so flavorful. Upscale but not intimidating and snobbish. We had the rabbit which was the highlight for everyone and then we all had the days special. Everything was prepared to perfection and the service was great. 
I highly recommend to anyone in New Orleans.I never write reviews, but we went to this place last night and it was incredible. The Pimms Cup cocktail was outstanding and EVRYTHING we tasted was amazing. Some of the dishes I tasted were the gumbo, shrimp appetizer, risotto balls, cerviche, and the duck. The duck was my main course and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Service was good too.Service superb. Excellent wine list. Hubby had the duck confit. Good not great. His chix and Andouille gumbo was awesome! I had the burato j starter and the spaghetti with the poached fried egg. Super.  Our gueat had lamb neck. Sounds weird but it was delish.This is my very first review, although, I frequently use the site for info. 
First our service was great. I really liked our server, he was very kind and funny. 
The food was where I was expecting something amazing, but it was average at best. We ate at Nola's the night before, and it was such a difference. We ordered a salad which was good. For our main dish we ordered the shrimp and the steak. The steak was decent, but the shrimp fell short. I've had far superior shrimp at Bubba Gumps. They were very small, overcooked and average flavor. 
I really wanted to give this place a higher rating, but I just couldn't based on what we had this time.A loud, crowded restaurant with delicious fare. We listened to a Texan pontificate about horses, I think, and a table of Hollywood industry ladies. At the bar we saw Kim Dickens from Treme with a gentleman (colleague type) that seemed familiar and as soon as I figure out who he is... There were a few gentlemen that oozed baseball player. Seems like this is where famous people like to eat. We left them all in peace.
Food 5. My first frog legs and Pimm's cup, mustard greens, soup and special lasagna with morel mushrooms and fontina bechamel.
Service 5. Our server made excellent suggestions.
Atmosphere 4. Hard to carry on your own conversation. Not a very interesting space.  At least they haven't done much to it that I find interesting.
$30 corkage fee not advertised. I find this expensive and irritating.This was one the first restaurants we dined at in New Orleans and easily on of the the best meals of the trip, in my opinion. This restaurant is going on my top 10 list of NOLA restaurants.
I had no idea, that Herbsaint was one of Donald Link's restaurants, in fact it's his first, and we picked it based on the proximity to our hotel. Being that we had a standing reservation at Cochon the following night, I am glad we had Herbsaint under our belts as a comparison. If you compare the two, Cochon is distinctively focused down home Cajun, Herbsaint has more a french/European style (bistro-esque) and is a little more delicate.
In fact is does have Euro feel, being casual with wide open windows, and a large patio. To add, the menu offers small, tapas-size portions for a bulk of dishes.
I am sure nearly everything on the menu is divine. We started with the night's special: fried soft shell shrimp. That was a first for me. You can eat the whole shrimp - head, shell and tail in a few crispy delicious bites.  It tastes nothing like anything I've had before, the shrimp shells tastes like  fried rice paper skin and the insides are very similar to hard shell blue crab meat. 
Then we gravitated towards ordering two larger entrees (the portions were pretty sizeable):
Slow Cooked Lamb Neck with Saffron Fideo and Tomato Confit
Kurobuta Pork Belly with Cajun Grain Risotto, Grilled Pok Choi and Shrimp Broth
The lamb neck was out of this world delicious. The meat was tender and the small saffron flavored fideo (noodles usually used in soup) were a great compliment. I did not order this dish, but I kept a watchful eye on the person who did order this at the table, hoping they would feel full so I could insert my fork into the action. 
The pork belly with the risotto was pretty stellar, there were about four thick slices of pork belly covered in shrimp broth. Delicious, juicy tender and more than one person could handle of rich fatty pork belly.
The drinks were also expertly made. The drink menu is short and standard. You have your usual Sazeracs and some other interesting offerings. We made jokes about what is in a "farmer's daughter" (one of the drinks), till finally we googled it's contents (basically combination of creme de banane, Irish cream, amaretto and cream, note: lots of cream). I ended up with Haitian Daiquiri, because I love Rhum Barbancourt in anything. 
In the end, we were stuffed beyond belief and had zero room for dessert, which I would have liked to try, but that's just another excuse to come back.Good food, great location, nice service overall.
Herbsaint was very accommodating when we switched our reservations a million times from 10 people to five to six...They had us seated right when we got there and the service was good. 
I had the special appetizer, which was a veal and pork belly tartine; it was amazing. I then had the special fish, which was a lemon encrusted snapper over couscous. I could have done without the couscous and think they could have been more imaginative with the side dish, but the fish was very favorable and moist. 
I also would suggest that they have more choices for wines served by the glass. 
Awesome location in Central Business District. Bread pudding and bananas foster were to die for.Our waiter asked what we thought of the appetizer; a house made spaghetti in a parmesan cream sauce with Guanciale and topped with a deep fried breaded poached egg.  
"That was ridiculous" I answered.  
"That's correct, sir", he replied.  "ridiculous is exactly what that is"
The rest of the meal was exquisite, from the basil infused watermelon gazpacho with crab salad to the confit duck leg with crisp skin and citrus gastrique over dirty rice, but they all paled in comparison to that appetizer.  
Simply ridiculous.Just had a wonderful experience at Herbsaint! First of all, they accommodated my request to hold my engagement ring box for me so I didn't have to walk around with it and have it on me all dinner (I had the ring on me of course!) and I successfully proposed to my girlfriend right after dinner. We had some gumbo (one of the best I've had, super dark roux and really smokey and tasty), beets, porchetta (a meat lovers dream), trout, and pot de creme for dessert. All delicious especially the gumbo and porchetta. Also was sitting right behind Angela Hill! A great night overall.First timer. I love New Orleans food! Too flavorful! I can taste every bit of spice in it. However the beans in this place is a bit salty but still delicious!Ate here with a group of 8.  It was a busy weekend (right before the National Championship football game) and we were seated an hour late, but they comped us some delicious appetizers and the manager personally took care of us the rest of the night.
The food was phenomenal.  Out of the 8 of us, we could not stop raving about our entrees.  There was a pan-seared tuna special that night which was perfectly done and accompanied by some delicious potato-pancake-type thing.  Once we were seated, the food was prompt, wine was excellent, it was really just a great meal.  We had a wonderful time and will return the next time we are in town.
One additional note: desserts were good, but not of the same caliber as the rest of the meal.Some restaurants should reconsider how proud they are! Credit card to make a reservation.... $25 fee charged per person for a no show? Food reviews fill restaurants, don't deter part time goodies from coming in to celebrate a milestone birthday! I really wanted to try your food!Had a casual business lunch here.  Great food and service.  Would recommend.  Prices are very reasonable too. I had the deep fried oysters as an appetizer.  Came out really light and tasty.  Crispy goat entree was less impressive though still good.  Will try again on a future trip.This restaurant is a gem. Wonderful ambiance. The bar is a show in and of its self. The menu is so interesting and pairing it with a cocktail is very fun. We had the buttered poached tuna. Yum! This place is a new staple for us.Love this place! The space is great and cocktails are a must! Love the tapas style / small plates.We went there on a fairly busy day, despite this the service was great. I got the gnocchi, my husband got the goat leg. I really didn't care much for my meal and thought it seemed kind of greasy. The goat leg was delicious though, and I think if I lived in the area I'd be certain to come back to try something else. For such a nice restaurant the price is pretty low, and they have a huge selection of wines and champagnes. The outdoor seating is dog friendly and they brought out some water for my dogs without needing to be asked. Great service.this was one of my favorite meals in New Orleans. I randomly stumbled upon this place and saw pictures of the delicious spaghetti and knew I had to come here and eat it. it just looked that good and when eating it, it lived up to it's photo! omg so good. I sent that picture to everyone and have talked about this place the most. this will be one of my first stops when I come back one day.....
and I LOVE SMALL PLATES! they are just meant for me :) cheaper and I can finish my meal and it's just the right amount of food. I swear I was from France in another life (small plates galore)Great Food - Obnoxious Crowd - unfortunately we were there on a weekend night and there were 2 large Batchelor parties dining and yelling. We had to change tables and then another Batchelor party group came in and we were trapped. The staff was fabulous (embarrassed by the noise too) and the food was incredible!  Table favorites were the Spaghetti on the small plate - the gnocchi was good but paled in comparison. Large plate favorites were the Shrimp and Grits as well as the Duck and the Pork Belly in Mashed Potatoes.  Just go on a weeknight!!I just reviewed Cochon, so I had to pay due diligence to Herbsaint as well.  After eating butter laden seafood in 90 degree weather all week, having summer shell beans and lighter fare at Herbsaint was imperative to my digestive health.  
I liked the light and airy atmosphere (even at night) and if I remember correctly, they had a good selection of white wines.  
Please do make a reservation or you'll be forced to plant your fanny on the shabby chic whitewash bench and wait.This review is for cheese and dessert-well mostly dessert because who can screw up anything goat cheese based?!!! The cheese plate is great size for sharing, superb value at $12 and comes with a hard, medium, and soft textured selection. Plus, did I mention sizes were actually adequate for sharing and won't disappear after 1 bite?  My only request would be to add some honey or fruit based spread.  The accompanying bread basket was also great and I appreciated the fact the butter was soft and served at room temperature for spreading and not served cold, hockey puck style - nothing worse in my opinion than hard as a rock butter with soft, warm bread. 
Ok, now for the dessert. Don't mess around, get the banana brown butter tart.  Utterly heavenly.  I wanted another slice after the first bite. Perfectly executed salted caramel drizzled over a flaky tart filled with the unmistakable taste of browned butter custard.  With real whipped cream and a few caramelized bananas tipping the slice, it is a perfect ending to a meal.  Hopefully next time I can try an entire meal and not have to rush to the airport.  Great sidewalk seating as well.This place was amazing! Went with my sister in-law and husband and she'd been there the night before. We shared 4-5 small plates and a large plate and it was just enough. The creamed corn was so good! Gnocchi, tuna and short rib dishes were the best. They make their own tonic which I'm not usually a fan of but make sure you get the Perry's Tot gin with tonic. You won't be disappointed.Excellent food, wonderful beer, friendly wait-staff and, well, it's New Orleans! How great is that. Some of the desserts were better than others--I would avoid the chocolate dessert that looks like a glorified cupcake--it's just not that special. But the rest of the meal we had was great.Literally nothing bad on the menu.  This place is top notch in everything they do. ExcellentWe had one of the most amazing dishes I've ever had EVER at Herbsaint: the Rabbit Fricassee. It basically tastes like smoky rabbit bacon awesomeness. If someone had put 5 pounds of it on the table in front of me, I would have eaten all of it. Then I probably would have died, but I would have been the happiest man alive.
But there were other things too.
Like the Duck Leg Confit, which was possibly the best duck dish I've ever had. Duck is usually WAY too fatty for me, and this wasn't at all, while also being juicy and delicious.
I also had the fish of the day (a gulf redfish), which was perfectly cooked.
We were also very amused by the wine list, which was remarkably California-focused, but also quite reasonably priced.
Service was excellent, and the restaurant is comfortably nice - guests ranged from a few in nice jeans to a few in suits.
I will absolutely go back for that rabbit though. Damn.Fantastic restaurant, very classy and the service is impressive. They have an amazing cauliflower dish that everyone loved. Definitely will go again. Nice spot for a special occasion.I've come here twice- one for appetizers at the bar, and once for lunch. Both times the food was good but the service was just "eh." The drinks at Herbsaint are delicious and the soups are perfect. It's quite small and becomes crowded easily. 
I like Donald Link's other place, Cochon, much much better, though Herbsaint is a bit more intimate and has more potential for romance.Fantastic meal. It took me months to eat my way through NOLA to make it here, but it was an absolute highlight.
Probably could have eaten all small plate options and skipped the entrée just to try more dishes. 
We had the ceviche which was perfectly spiced. Do not skip the watermelon soup. The Sicilian beef was beautiful. Even the seasonal greens salad with pistachios had great balance.
The only downside, was dessert. It was too bad the only savoury option was a cheese plate. A nice dark chocolate option would have been the perfect ending to that meal.
I will definitely be back and send friends here.This was a really nice experience but for the food it was overpriced. It wasn't a disappointment but it could have been significantly better for the price.We went to Herbsaint for my birthday over the weekend. My husband had made reservations by phone a couple of weeks previously and had informed them that the dinner was to celebrate my birthday (and had asked for a romantic table). We arrived on time and the two hostesses discussed among themselves, then one of them walked us to a small table by a staff door, against the wall, in the back room. I immediately requested a different table but was told that the only other available table was a 4-person table nearby, so we took that one (even though it was still not the romantic table we had hoped for).
The food fell short of the James Beard Award Outstanding Chef finalist quality I had been expecting. We had several small plates as we're not big eaters and also wanted to try different things on the menu. The gnocchi and butter-poached tuna were good. The fries were my husband's favorite item of the evening. The ceviche had potential but was so spicy that my taste buds were pretty much useless for 10 minutes or so afterwards. The spaghetti with fried-poached egg could have worked had there been a lot less sauce; the sauce just overpowered everything. I had the malted milk chocolate mousse for dessert, also nothing spectacular.
We usually don't mind paying a bit more for a good bottle of wine when we go out to eat, but the wines here are extravagantly priced. A half bottle of a forgettable French chardonnay was $27.50. A HALF bottle!
All in all, for a $130 meal for 2 people (excluding tip)--and that's not having any main courses, mind you--it was very disappointing for a restaurant of this caliber. We will not be going back. My birthday dinner experience at Ralph's on the Park last year was a hundred times better--and they even wished me happy birthday (and gave me free dessert), which no-one at Herbsaint even did.A lovely spot. I would definitely recommend this. I sat at the bar and dined for one as I'm visiting New Orleans solo. The bartenders and severs were quick to ask me for my for food and drink selections.
As I'd heard of this place and its dishes, I wanted to try several. However, being just one I couldn't enjoy too many dishes. The staff kindly explained several of the dishes to me and helped me settle on a few small plates. 
I started with the gumbo, which had a lovely taste. It had the right texture and a bit of spice. It wasn't an overwhelming size, which was perfect. I also enjoyed the shrimp and tuna ceviche with pepitas (also a bit of spice). This dish was refreshing and the flavors complemented one another well. The best part of the meal was the last dish I ordered, the butter poached gulf tuna. Yum! It melts in your mouth. I think it would be safe to say you could order two plates of this at once.
To complement the food, I drank the herbsaint champagne drink. It was light and refreshing. A good drink with seafood.In such a food oriented city, personal recommendations are always welcome. So, thanks for the recommendation, Deborah. The husband was at a conference banquet so I came to Herbsaint by myself and ate at the bar. Chose several small plates: a rich and tasty gumbo, a fab seviche with Louisiana shrimp and Gulf fish. Finished with farro and Andouille. Dessert: coconut tart with chocolate ice cream and a praline. All was amazing! Another 'must try' establishment: great food, great vibe, great service.If you a) are not a vegetarian or b) don't go with 200 of your closest friends, Herbsaint is spectacular.  Gorgeous food, good service, relaxed upscale vibe.  The lamb shoulder on a bed of white beans was otherworldly, the scallop special with risotto equally so.  
If you're in town on one of the many busy tourist weeks, I'm sure this place is a stressful mess, but on a relaxed evening, it's something very, very special.The excellent Cochon's sibling restaurant, this is a high-fat high flavor bomb of an eatery serving a focused and delicious menu.  I had a marvellous salad of fresh grilled squash with a few dollops of burrata, the italian cream mozzarella, and followed that with a plate of delightfully chewy spaghetti with egg and guanciale (i.e., carbonara).  A special note: the warm bread at the beginning is ridiculously good.  My dining companions also revelled in their lamb ravioli and dark gumbo. 
-1 star for assuring my friend that their napkins would not spread lint on her black dress.  It did.One of our favs in the city was so disappointing.  Pork belly had the strangest flavor, chicken gumbo roux was burned, no signature shrimp and grits on menu and a 12-year old ate a $36 steak and declared that he was starving.  I hope this was just an off night, but I can't take the chance when paying this kind of money.  There are too many sure choices in Nola.This is was a case where one bad dish can bring a four star experience to three.
I don't care how good the meal is up until then.  When you serve a salmon dish (I know stupid huh ordering Salmon wild or not in the Big Easy) but it sounded so good, the homemade cream corn the tomoato vinagrette...) and yes they said it would be pink but this was raw.  Period.  And that is unforgiveable.
Add a weird bottle of wine, I have had red sancerres in the past, but this was well just lacking pinot flavor.  But the name of wine was absolutely hysterical.  Order it some time, you will see.
The rest of the meal brought it back to three stars, the buttermilk dressing kicked with Mark's butter lettuce and bacon salad as did my arugala, beets and burrata.  Fred's duck gumbo was solid, but hey his main dish a take on bbq shrimp had 8 shrimp, yes good, but for 26$?.   Service took a team approach, some good some great none bad.  I can't say this restauarnt is a disspointment, it is beautiful and professional.  But in the city, there are others to consider first.Wow, we had an amazing dinner here. To quote someone at our table, you know it's good when they can serve you fried shrimp heads and you get excited because it tastes so good. Foie gras was amazing and excellent cocktails. Topped off with the best creme brûlée I've ever had. I can't wait to go back!A major disappointment! Four of us had dinner here on the 16th of Dec. Food was average at best but the service was horrid.  We waited 50 minutes for our entrees.  The waitress never checked on us and the floor manager stood with his back to the dining room, while chatting with a blonde cook in the kitchen.  That is until he went to the bar and brought that cook and himself each a glass of wine. Glad they were enjoying themselves.Obviously none of us will return.This was my second visit. I'll just say order the lamb and mushroom lasagna and leave it at that. Melts in your mouth. I ignored everything around me while I ate it, just to try to enjoy it more. They had some greens on the side, but really who cares when there is something that rich and delicious sitting next to it. 
Lively environment, nice but a little cramped in the front room and bar area. Back dining room was suitable for our business guests.Excellent food and service. Not a ton of vegan options but I managed to have a delicious chickpea soup of the day and Cajun zucchini side that was amaze! Highly recommend.Writing this as I'm eating here and this place is living up to my anticipation. It has been on my bucket list for a couple of reasons. First, I'm a fan of local chefs and Chef Donald Link is credible. Next, they feature a lot of local ingredients and they are proud to show off locally famous items like a perfectly iceless but freezing cold Sazerac and a really earthy bowl of gumbo that was extremely comforting. Also had local gulf tuna, butter poached with pickled chilis and mint as well as house made spaghetti with guanciale and a fried poached farm egg. The food was just incredible and I can be fairly critical. Each item got better and better and that damn egg oozing on the pasta is going to haunt my dreams for a while it was that good. I'm dining alone which is kind of pathetic but they have treated me well by placing me at a quiet table in the corner at the window so I can work and watch the world go by without electronically annoying anyone. I really appreciate that consideration. The vibe is neighborhood bistro in feel and look with some great outdoor seating available and a neat little bar that I could while away some hours at without much encouragement. This place delivers a really fine NOLA dining experience without being ungodly expensive. It doesn't have the huge name attraction like some other famous restaurants here but it also doesn't have that touristy schtick in the middle of the French Quarter either which is kind of a nice relief. In case you couldn't tell, I really liked this place.We happened to arrive early for our reservation. Unfortunately, that seemed to upset the hostess. Instead of directing us to the bar for an after dinner drink, she told us how we had inconvenienced them by adding an additional person which would add another 15 minutes to our reservation. We attempted to go to the bar to order drinks and appetizers however we were ignored by the bartender even after we tried to engage. We waited 10-15 minutes and decided to go to another establishment to have a drink and appetizer to wait for our reservation time. We found Marcellos next door. They were so kind. Engaging and accommodating. We chose to eat dinner there as well. How unfortunate. Marcellos was incredible!!!My boyfriend and I sat in the very back of the restaurant which had a very romantic, dim-lit ambiance. We had the lamb lasagna, duck confit, and their house made spaghetti! I would definitely recommend ordering the spaghetti (small plate)! It was rich and flavorful! The duck confit was crispy and delish!I see only 4 stars? Are you kidding me? We just had dinner there the other night. It may have been our 4th dinner in the trip. To be honest. All of us were so full from days of eating and drinking before we even sat down. That was until the food came out. Wow. My chicken dish had to be one of the best meals I have ever had. Yes chicken. Hard to get excited over chicken. Let's forget how it was prepared for a second. The chicken it self came from a place called G F farms. They deserve a medal. This had to be the best chicken breast I have ever had. If I could get it shipped to New York where I live I would open a market just to sell that. Omg. Insane. Then. The dish it self. Chicken with crawfish risotto. What an incredible dish. Everyone else's dishes were over the top as well. The apps too. I will fly back to New Orleans just to go back to this restaurant.Everything was terrific. Food was excellent from small plates to entrees to dessert. The service couldn't have been better. 
We had two small plates; the spaghetti with poached egg and the short ribs. Wonderful. Our entree was the rib eye with fries and it was perfectly cooked. 
Desserts, coconut tart and the chocolate bread pudding were wonderful. 
The waiter was very good with the perfect blend of attentiveness and not interrupting. 
Highly recommended!I danced around in my chair while I was eating. Damn, it was SO good! I can't have wheat and have mostly ceased craving bread, and my bf is good about pretending the bread he gets sucks, but both of us knew when that basket hit our table that I was missing out big time. I think he actually swooned. Then it was heirloom tomatoes (omg NOLA how are your tomatoes so good?!) and butter-seared tuna (so amazing), then he got the special (frog legs), mushrooms with shrimp polenta, and a side of potatoes, and I got the market fish. Amazing, amazing, amazing. And all of the wait staff were extremely sweet and attentive, and the waitress was knowledgable about gluten issues (bonus!), and everyone seemed to really care about the people there. Loved it and would go back in a heartbeat. I even did a fist pump when I left.Great menu, service and atmosphere. Easy to get a seat at the bar on a busy Saturday night. The housemade spaghetti is one of the best things I have ever eaten.Went there while in Nola for a conference. We mainly had the small plates, which were uniformly excellent. The service was attentive and knowledgeable. The desserts were stunning. As close to perfection as anything I have seen.I wanted to try one of Donald Link's restaurants during my first visit to New Orleans and was very pleased overall with my choice of Herbsaint. My girlfriend and I arrived early for our 9:30 PM dinner reservation and were seated promptly even though the restaurant was still crowded. Our table adjacent to the window facing St. Charles Avenue added to the ambiance with the St. Charles Streetcar rolling by every few minutes. The restaurant's decor could perhaps use some updating, but that's not to say it wasn't a pleasant dining space. 
To drink, each of us ordered the "Tour of Riesling" which, for $15, was a solid value given the size of the pours. Each of the three flights was decidedly different and paired nicely with our meal. To eat, we ordered the gumbo and ceviche to start; the gumbo was delicious and the ceviche was an interesting take on the dish that was a refreshingly light appetizer. We shared the duck leg confit for our main, which was excellent. I may be biased as duck confit is one of my favorite dishes, but the preparation of Herbsaint's was close to perfect. I do, however, think the dish would have benefitted from more of the flavorful citrus gastrique.I just returned from a visit to New Orleans with my hubs. Herbsaint was recommended to me by a foodie friend of mine. I was definitely not disappointed. 
The food was fresh and delicious. The restaurant itself is bright with a modern flare. Located in the warehouse/arts district on charming St. Charles Ave., this restaurant was within a 30 minute walk from our hotel. The prices are moderate and the food is good. I had a shaved cured ham sandwich with a green been salad and my hubs had a steak salad for lunch. Everything was very well seasoned, tasty, and satisfying. 
Even though our waiter was not particularly friendly, the food was well worth it. When in NOLA next time, I will definitely stop by Herbsaint again.When a restaurant achieves brilliance, shows promise and is never problematic, it's easy to overlook a hitch or two.  On the other hand when moments of brilliance lie alongside elements that could use more attention and are overshadowed by rank incompetence, this won't do.  It is more than unfortunate when the person leaving indelible stink on the evening is the hostess.  It does not require the concentration of an airline pilot to manage seating and be polite and friendly.  Set the tone in a positive way and diners may overlook mediocrity from the kitchen.This is one great restaurant.
1) Excellent cocktails - I enjoyed the Kentucky Cat-5 - don't have more than....
2) Appetizers: The pumpkin soup was outstanding.  Too many pumpkin soups are too sweet.  This was right on the mark.  The small plate entrees are first-rate.
3) Main courses: The small plate braised ribs were tender and tasty.  The jumbo shrimp were well-seasoned and cooked.  We loved it.
4) Dessert - the home made ice cream is off the hook good.
5) Service was attentive without being obtrusive.
6) Prices are fair for this quality level and the small plate entrees give you the opportunity to have a less expensive main course.  
Back room seems a bit quieter, which we preferred.  .This restaurant was highly recommended to me. As soon as we sat down I spotted the biggest COCKROACH I have ever seen. I had to spot it for the waitress until someone came to "take care of it". I thought at the very least a manager would come to apologize but nobody did. The incident was treated as if it was a common occurrence. I can only imagine what is in the kitchen if this is front and center! Food was not great either so I would STAY AWAY.When a restaurant is good all around there isn't much to say. I recommend trying this restaurant. Food is delicious, knowledgable and attentive staff, and food is always consistently cooked to perfection. Makes a great place for a romantic evening or even a nice place for a high-end lunch.Stopped in here for lunch after visiting the World War II museum just a few blocks away.  It was my son (11) and I, so I was nervous if he would find anything to eat.  I had the gumbo, which was really good.  He ordered the catfish and they were very accommodating on putting everything on the side.  We both loved the catfish and we fought over the last few bites.  Perfect weather for sitting outside.
I definitely recommend!This was a surprise lunchtime find for us tourists. Delicious, fresh sandwiches and small plate entrees with great service. The tuna and avocado sandwich and the roast beef with horseradish on focaccia were both fresh and deliciously tasty. Actually 4 1/2 stars but Yelp deals only in whole numbers. Will definitely be back for lunch next time in town.Herbsaint was the perfect addition to our Mardi Gras experience. We shared several appetizers but our favorite was the frog legs served with a sweet chili pepper glaze. The highlights of the entrees for me were definitely the rices. The dirty rice with the duck and the sticky rice cakes with the pork belly were exceptional. The two proteins were very good but not quite tender enough. We did get to meet Chef Link who was friendly and accommodating. His staff were efficient but lacking in personality.A strong four, and not to be missed on a trip to NOLA.
We rolled up 9 dudes deep, with a bachelor party . . .  they still treated us well.  Very well.  
I will say that while the service was great that the wine list was pretty great even at low price points.  We ordered two bottles of French (not NZ, SA or Chilean) Sauv Blanc that were great.  The cheapest bordeaux was a great value and the the sommelier did not try to talk me into a bottle at twice the price point though i asked him about it specifically.  They also had some excellent affordable champagnes.  This is a wine lower's restaurant.  I wish this restaurant existed in my home town.  
The food was good too.  I want to give this place 5 stars but the food is not quite there but at the price point and with this wine and service this place is excellent.Okay, so I know I rated a po-boy shop in the same five-star category as a fancy schmancy high-end eatery, but obviously the expectations are different, yes?
For the record, Herbsaint will go down as the single best meal I ate in NoLa. Yes, call me crazy, but that even surpasses the double serving of beignets at Cafe Du Monde. 
I was dying to hit Luke or August, but when it came to the one four-dollar sign meal we were going to eat, Herbsaint was the winner. I went in with my nose held a little too high ("Pssh, I bet you're no John Besh!"). Hmm...sometimes getting your nose rubbed in your pistou can be the best slap in the face ever.
-The Tomato and Shrimp Bisque: good, perhaps a 'little' hyped, though
-Turkey and Pork Gumbo: OMG + astonishing + to die for - infused throughout with the flavor of andouille sausage, it might not be authentic, but I'll take this stuff over authentic any damn day. 
-Roast Chicken with polenta and brussel sprouts: yet another "ooh" and "aah" experience. The chicken was sprinkled with a lemon-herb mix and perfectly cooked, and the polenta could have been disguized as melted cheese. Weirdly enough, though, the best part was the grilled brussel sprouts. If my parents had made these as a kid I'd most likely have stuffed my cheeks with them for winter hibernation.
-Pork Belly: it wasn't my dish, but it got the boy to eat white bean pistou, which never ever happens. Oh, and the pork belly? It was like the most tender, gigantic piece of bacon you've ever eaten. Beat that.
In addition, the wine list is extensive, and although we skipped on dessert, the chocolate-hazelnut souffle and the banana tart had me seriously considering adding 2000 more calories to my day in lieu of sheer bliss. Maybe next time, Herbsaint, cause there absolutely will be a next time.Wetted our appetite with a Cat 5 bourbon and a Pretty please. The Cat 5 was a good mixture of
Bourbon, bitters, and citrus. The prettily please was a refreshing adult pink lemonade.  For starters we tried the cornmeal fried oysters, a melted asiago and the gumbo. Oysters were outstanding when eaten with the slaw and sauce in the same bite!  Gumbo roux was to dark for my liking. Our main course was fried catfish and the lasagna. Fish was cooked perfectly crispy but delicate.Came for dinner with my wife on a Thursday night in February. Lovely place inside, but since it was a warm night we opted for an outside table. Professional and warm staff directed us to some favorites, like duck confit, gumbo, and pork belly. All very satisfying. Overall I appreciated the fine food and ambience.We were lead to this terrific restaurant by our foodie sister-in-law.  With the help of Yelp reservations we got right in to a busy lunch without much advance notice.  The service was excellent.  
I tried the signature Champagne cocktail made with Herbsaint.  Loved it.  The food was solidly good.  A pasta dish was good, but too salty.
The bread - a ciabatta - was amazing.  the best bread of the trip.
Tables are uncomfortably close together.
I would like to go back and try Herbsaint for dinner.I hosted a group of 8 this past week and was hugely disappointed.  Maybe my expectations were too high.
First let's discuss the staff.  Our original waiter (who disappeared at some point) could not have seemed more bored to be there and sooo uninterested in explaining drink specials, recommending wines let alone giving an opinion on the menu.  A more capable waitress served us later in the meal but by that time they'd already lost me.  I will also admit that being the only party in the rear room definitely affected the vibe of the place.  More tables filled up later in the evening but if I ever went back I'd want to be in the main dining room.
Food:  I went with the spaghetti appetizer - gross is all I can say.  I had high hopes for something described as guanciale with poached egg on spaghetti.  I couldn't find or taste any guanciale and the egg was a some weird breaded deep fried thing with only a tiny bit of runny yolk.
At some point, without bringing it to our attention, they put a freebie of the special app on the table which was whipped mortadella on crostini.  It looked so unappetizing it was removed untouched after dessert.
My duck confit was actually delicious but the plates were so unappetizing with piles of broccoli etc making them look like hospital/institutional food.
Desserts were good.
My group were all sophisticated diners from across the country and most of them enjoyed their meals but by no means did anyone think this was a great restaurant.  Other than the pretty room, I don't get the fuss.
Next time I'll be at Boucherie.I would give it 4 stars because the food was excellent and the set up of the place was ideal; however, we had 3 servers throughout the night and while 2 of them were pleasant enough (notice, I did not say friendly), our 3rd server (a tall redhead) was anything but warm and fuzzy.  I had the flounder (which was their catch of the day) with a side of brussel sprouts prepared perfectly.  We had a party of 5 and shared 2 bottles of wine and a few beers.  We weren't an obnoxious bunch, so maybe she was just having an "off" night, but every time she left our table, we all just looked at eachother as if to say, "is it us?"  I would consider going back again as the food was great and we were seated quickly for our reservations.Terrific Lunch. The gnocchi with pancetta and Reggiano Parmesan was rich and flavorful. The little dumplings were nicely browned, and the rich buttery quality of the dish with the meat and cheese made an incredible dish. The gumbo with chicken and andouille is also top-tier.This was one of my favorite meals ever.
We had the gumbo of the day, soup of the day, crab gnudi, beef shoulder, field peas, and fries (a given... thanks to my husband, I could probably do a multi-city french fry review). Each dish was delicious--different flavors that made me hop my fork from one to the next over and over.
The dessert was the perfect end to the meal. I don't know about you, but a well-made Chili's (of all places!) molten lava cake really hits the spot for me sometimes, and now, I can never go there again. Because if I do, I will end up comparing it to this amazing chocolatey goodness with perfectly warm pudding (instead of whatever they put in other lava cakes) and cashew ice cream that somehow was really creamy, not too sweet, and not very cold--so it didn't freeze the cake or pudding when you got it all in one bite. I will say one thing though, and if you watch "Top Chef: New Orleans," you may get it. (My husband begged me not to include this reference because he thought it was lame.) In my fabulous dessert, there was equally yummy popcorn--but it was completely unnecessary! (Ironically, Donald Link--its his restaurant--was guest judge for the episode where someone got booted off for making, yep, good-but-irrelevant popcorn.)
The only thing that made me want to take back a fraction of a star was the service. It was so-so at best. I'm just glad I didn't get the server the next table over--he was kind of obnoxious, giving flippant answers. If I were at that table, it would have made my meal unpleasant.
Definitely worth a stop if you're in New Orleans!Wonderful meal and almost perfect service.  The only issue we had was my wife bit into what we believed to be a fish scale, we had no fish in our meal.  When I brought it to the waiters attention I got the impression he didn't believe us, despite the fact I was trying to show him the scale in question.  We had already finished our meal when they came to check on us and they did offer to recook it, but we were done.  Long story short they would have got 5 stars if there was better problem resolution and less cross contamination.Herbsaint was an all-around amazing experience for me.
I had just checked into my hotel and walked a block or two when it caught my eye. Fresh welcoming decor, great music, cool staff... I decided to stay for dinner.
I had 5 different items, and they were all spectacular- every flavor, texture, and temperature was so perfectly done, each bite was mindblowing. 
Drinks were fantastic, too. I'll hopefully be back before the end of my trip- if you're in the area, check this place out!I can never say too much about this small neighborhood restaurant.  I never come to town without dining here at least once. Every time, perfect.  Wine service is impeccable. The server handled our magnum without incident and was never hovering.  Our group had many small plates and rather than critiquing each, I will say they ALL were exceptional - as always.   I recommend this place to everyone that tells me they are headed to NOLA and every time they return to Portland and tell me it was their favorite dining experience.   Thank you to everyone at Herbsaint for your hospitality.In preparation for our trip to New Orleans (a week ago) I asked my foodie friends for their recommendations and hands down Herbsaint made the list. All the dishes were creative, blending southern ingredients with modern techniques leading to a party in your mouth. The cocktails are top notch too - and the ambience warm and welcoming. Staff are attentive without being too "hovering". I highly recommend, even more so than Cochon - but that may be because I am not a pork eater!Frankly. .. everything was good but nothing made me want to go back ... was still a good experience with consistently good to really good options. .. but after 5 to 6 tastes I wasn't blown away like I was with pesche
Sorry ... 3.5I went last night to Herbsaint with colleagues who are foodies and wine aficionados. Great meal!!!  Our waitress, Alexandra, was very knowledgeable and helpful. She shared the history of the restaurant and exec chef and founder, Donald Link. I had the gumbo to start and a tagliatelle special. Highly recommend the restaurant. Very good location, environment and wine selection.Terrific small bistro with excellent food. Wide variety of wines in the $50 range are a steal. The wine steward made a great recommendation at a lower price than the wine I was considering. Classic dishes had unique twists such as a citrus duck confit and a panko crusted quail egg on homemade spagetti. We had a rookie server who keyed in the wrong entree by mistake, and we really didn't care because he had a great attitude. The manager expedited and comped the entree even though we told the server's teamate that it was no big deal. You need a reservation. Link's cooking is not to be missed, and this is his best.Amazing food and service! Came in with a party of 7 from Chicago and were treated amazingly!! No long waits for food or drinks, everything was made to perfection. Lastly everything was delicious, will definitely come back the next time we are in town!!The menu was interesting. Food was salty. Not just one dish, all dishes. The worst part was the staff. No smiles here. Maybe because of the salty food. Then, there was one of the Managers. He was slugging down water out of a large water bottle (probably from all the salt). He then put his water bottle in the ice bucket with our open bottle of white wine. Yuck! I told our server I didn't think was appropriate so, she went over a put in someone else's ice bucket. Nice! Not what you would expect out of this restaurant or any other.Traveling wine makers are harsh critics, but I must say this is one of my favorite restaurants in the United States.  The gumbo is so savory and crafty to be absolutely haunting.  Muscovy duck was crispy on the outside and fall apart tender and the dirty rice and aubergine were also perfect.  Glass pours of German Riesling, Brouilly and Bourgogne for about 12 bucks makes it s bargain for the quality.  Well done.  I will dream of the gumbo until I return in March.  A few more Santa Barbara wines, J Wilkes Pinot Blanc especially, would have been nice, but in not going to knock a perfect evening because my wine's not in the list. /giggleDefinitely come here for a special occasion or a date that you would like to impress.   My wife and I visited New Orleans over the labor day weekend and searched cautiously.  
We arrived to the restaurant at dinner time to find the restaurant filled to capacity except for the bar stools.  We do not mind sitting at the bar if we do not have to wait long.  People around us all appeared to be having an amazing time.  The servers and bartender attended us frequently and served us well. My wife had the Wine flight from Austria that satisfied her taste buds.  I had my typical goose on the rocks.  They did not water down our drinks!
For dinner, I had the Louisiana shrimp and cerviche, which was excellent. My wife had pasta sausage and chili and was content with her meal.  For desert, we had the tasty banana tart caramel.  
When we return to New Orleans, we will go back.Sometimes good, sometimes not so good. Herbsaint is mercurial, but that doesn't mean that the chef isn't talented. He is, and if you hit it right, it's a win. Staff--sometimes good, sometimes not so good. It just depends on how cool you look for the night. I like it, but it's not a place I'd recommend for tourists. You need to live there and go quite a bit to appreciate it.Fantastic dinner!  I was not expecting such a wonderful and innovative meal, particularly since I'm vegetarian.  I notified them when I called for the reservation, and when they arrived the chef had developed several 'off the menu' offerings for me to choose from.  The food was exceptional - fresh, colorful, and flavorful.  I'd return any time, and count it among the best meals I've had this year.I came here two weeks ago with a large group of girlfriends. Unfortunately the service and treatment we received is the driverof my rating ( if you a part of a large group of tourists keep reading). The food was certainly delicious.
Service:
We made reservations for 8pm as we had a show to attend nearby at 10pm. When we got there, thr hostess told us that our table wasn't ready and that the group that was sitting in our table was just finishing desert. As such we decided to wait. 10 minutes later we noticed that the group in question was being served dessert at that exact moment so we proceeded to ask the hostess about this making sure she knew we had somwhere to be at 10pm. Her response was baffling: she told us that the other group had arrived late and that it wasn't her fault because things happen but that she would rush our dinner once we got seated. We didn't udestand why our dinner had to be rushed when we got there early instead of asking the late comers to hurry up because we were waiting for the table. Not only that, but they refused to Out together some if tables that were outside, they let in another group (albeit smaller) ger in front of us and didn't call a cab for us when we asked at the end of our meal since at that point we knew we were running late to the show (we missed half of it). Very inconsiderate in my view.
Food
The food was great and no issues there: the spagetti with the poached egg, the lamb, duck confit and pork bellyache were all delicious. For desert we had the coconut tart, the banana brown butter tart and the chocolate mousse. My favorite was the banana brown butter tart, although the my friends each had a favorite.Good Service, Limited Menu, Vegetarian Hostile, and Lied About It
We visited this highly recommended restaurant and were disappointed.  One of the members in our party was a vegetarian and the restaurant is latently vegetarian-hostile.  
Even if the restaurant is meat orientated, every restaurant I've been to likes to accommodate a vegetarian with a plate of steamed vegetables.  When questioned, the server sternly stated that the menu is the menu,, no add ons, no substitutions, basically take it or leave it.  
The server then began to preach that the cabbage salad "has everything you need," implying that all the things our guest rattled off--carrots, onions, celery were in the cabbage salad.  Really, didn't see that on the menu.  Are you sure?  Yep everything you need is right there.  Our guest got a small plate, perhaps a cup of diced cabbage, turnips and radishes.  So in that giant kitchen, you have no carrots, celery or onions?  Guess not.
I'm OK with being vegetarian hostile, just be honest about it, and our party would have made other arrangements.   
On the positive side, we had crispy goat and lentils which was very flavorful and the caramel cake and ice cream desert was excellent.  We chowed down while our vegetarian guest drummed her fingers and waited until she could leave and get a real meal.  
We went across the street to a steakhouse, and while we had a drink, she ordered a vegetarian meal.  No it was not on the menu, but they accommodated her with a plate of steamed vegetables.  Now that's a classy restaurant.Was pleased to return for another visit to one of my favorite restaurants in the U.S.  Unpretentious deliciousness.  Excellent food, great service, without being stuffy.  This place covers all the bases from craft and classic cocktails, to artisan bread, to well defined flavors throughout the entire menu that are expertly executed.So good, it'll make you wanna slap your grandma down! The first time I heard this expression, I had to puzzle through it for a bit. Why would I assault my granny because food was this good? Well, the food is so great at Herbsaint, I DID want to slap my grandma down!
We celebrated a friend's birthday there last weekend and had a great time.  We are a close group so there was a lot of food and drink sharing. The seafood gumbo was excellent with intense flavors. The cabbage salad was a little sweeter than I expected but tasty. Next, I tried the poached tuna small plate and was delighted by the silky fish with the chili mint sauce. The gnocchi fell flat and had an odd texture, but that's what I get for ordering gnocchi in a French restaurant. The best thing I had on the menu was the duck leg confit with collard greens.  It was my husband's order, but I wanted to wrestle him to the ground for it. I liked the curried jumbo shrimp which had a very faint curry flavor.  My friend is not a curry fan and a very particular eater but liked it anyway.
After all the tasting, I was too full for dessert but that didn't stop our table! We ordered the malted milk chocolate mousse and the warm chocolate pudding cake. I think they were wonderful at one bite each.  Irregardless, my food baby was singing the hallelujah chorus as we left the restaurant.Outstanding, the small plate short rib and tuna are memorable, just perfectExceptional food. Don't hesitate just go. Short rib was heaven. Pasta was amazing. The place is a really great little spot that is pet friendly to boot. Really a little gem and worth every penny.My fiancee and I were in NOLA on her birthday for a friend's wedding so I decided to take her out to a nice restaurant to celebrate. I did my requisite hour of research to find the right restaurant and settled on Herbsaint. I was looking for a place with a great reputation, interesting regional food, a reasonable price-point, and of course good reviews. We were not disappointed. The staff was friendly and efficient. We were seated at 7:55 pm for a our 8 pm reservation after arriving at 7:54 pm. The restaurant was just about full at that point.
We are fairly light eaters, so we didn't go crazy but here is what we had between the two of us:
Amuse-bouche: friend pork belly tartlet -- A nice way to start the meal. The pork belly was rich and flavorful, yet the bite was restrained and not heavy.
Starter: Louisiana lump crabmeat and brioche -- Beautifully prepared with a VERY light mayonnaise. It tasted extremely fresh and certainly without any hint of fishiness. It was plated with some nice greens.
Main course: (1) Burrata and ham -- The truth is that you could plop a blob of burrata down on the pavement and I would enjoy it, but nonetheless this was a delightful small plate. The ham was wonderfully cured and married nicely with the cheese. (2) Short rib -- Another well-conceived small plate. Perfectly cooked and tender with a tasty potato concoction. Perfect size as well.
Side: Sweet potatoes in chili glaze -- This was a special for the day and I lament for any of you for whom it is not available. Simply put it was awesome. It had a definite fiery undercurrent.
Dessert: Chocolate pudding cake with cashew ice cream -- As a couple that is devoted to making artisan handmade ice cream we simply couldn't pass this one up. And we were not disappointed. Simply put the cake was moist and flavorful, the ice cream was rich with a perfect cashew flavor, and it came paired with salted caramel popcorn. And of course, a single candle for the birthday girl.
Highly recommend. I don't think you'll be disappointed.Everything we ate was fantastic.   The rabbit fricassee small plate was full of rich flavours.   The duck main was perfectly cooked - it just fell of the bone.  Both the duck and the pork belly were served with tasty cajun style rice.   We shared a banana tart to finish - very decadent and delicious!  The small plates were around $14, most of the mains around $28, & cocktails started around $9.  I would definitely recommend this place to others.I really love this restaurant! The service was very good and everyone was so nice. They have great cocktail and drink options. We started with a salad that was very fresh and delicious and then tried some shrimp dishes, which were incredible. Donald Link really knows what he is doing because Cochon is equally as good!Had the best short ribs of my life!!! Maybe best dinner experience in New Orleans EVER. Love Couchon too but Herbsaint is Devine!I wish I could go here and sit one day! my friend brought me back food in a to go container..shh.. I don't think they usually allow this! She got me the short rib and some fries and both were heavenly! I was so hungry by the time I got it that I tried to eat the short rib with my hand (hey..I was in the comfort of an office..alone..) and I just couldn't pick it up because it just kept falling apart! Even though it took a moment to get to me, the fries were just as crispy and amazing and I'm sure even MORE amazing fresh, hot out of the frier/oven or whatever they use to make it soo crispy and amazing. The texture, the flavor. All was great. 
I still dream about that short rib.Had a lovely meal at Herbsaint. We ate outside on the patio, and very much enjoyed the atmosphere. We ordered a salad and the gumbo and then shared two small plates. Everything was delicious!! The plum fizz was good, but nothing amazing as others had suggested. The staff was decent, we seemed to not have just one waiter or waitress, but they seemed to share the outdoor space. Overall, a great meal!!