Wonderful atmosphere, great service, homemade condiments to go along with really yummy food! Love to hit this place up whenever I'm in the area.Favorite place to go to lunch or dinner. Their specials are always great and they have amazing, creative cocktails. Very reasonably priced, too. Sometimes it is pretty crowded but their servers are good at handling the rushMy family and I kind of live here. We love The High Hat. We are also really predictable in the way that we order: Might I just say, this is a place you want to go to for the specials. Fresh ingredients from Hollygrove Market are used in the construction. I usually split the salad of the day and the special of the day with my mum and then we argue whether we will get a slice of pie and always get a slice of pie. The ultimate special: and there are so many of them, but the one that makes me wanna skip when I see it on the door is the Tuna with fried oysters over grits with butter and shallots--and green beans with ham...I am not doing it justice description-wise but it is such a unique combination of ingredients and so thoughtfully constructed.
When I'm not getting the specials, these are things that I lorve: 
1. the Cecil salad with fried ersters
2. Shrimp remoulade salad (is it called that?) its served with a deviled egg and its so good
3. back when it was on the menu: I could not get enough of the oyster stew
4. the Flat Top Burger is a fine burger, y'all.
5. Numero Uno Comfort Food In the World: Pimento Mac and Cheese--It makes me feel like a child and like everything is going to be okay. Well, that is the comforting fun feel of the whole restaurant. Good times. Freaking lovely cocktails. A good place for conversations, family meals, dates, big celebrations. Also, on game day, you might just catch a waitress head to toe in black and gold wearing black and gold striped knee socks and a tutu. Its that kind of great New Orleans place.I just stopped by here to get a Gumbo to go for lunch. I ordered a bowl of $8 gumbo and it was half of a pint. Also, the utensils that was provided had pepper all over it. The service was just ok. This is not my first time here and I used to get pretty decent food here, but this time completely changed my perspective. I can't imagine if they will get returning customers if that's the value they get. See pictures!A nice neighborhood restaurant with local dishes you would expect.  The BBQ Shrimp is great, the Chicken Gumbo too, I also tried the catfish poboy and found it to my liking.  Will write more when I visit again.When my mom, sister, and I arrived at the High Hat Cafe at about 7 pm on Tuesday, 3/22, it was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes or so but the host was sooo nice about it.  We waited at the bar until we got seated while my sister ordered a drink.  When we finally got seated, we noticed we were eating with locals, which was pretty cool.  Since it was crowded, it had to be a good place to eat.  I ordered the Slow Roasted Pork, my sister ordered the Catfish and my mom ordered the Slow Roasted chicken.  We all tried each other's dish and we were blown away how good it was.  My sister moved down there for work so I'll be back very soon to eat there.  Definitely an unforgettable experience with the food and service.Always looking for a hidden gem in a city with so many good restaurants that are often too crowded. Thanks to Yelp, we found the high hat. My wife and I were very impressed, we enjoyed the food, great beers on tap and friendly staff. I can easily say best po-boy ever, and that is saying something!Very good.  Staff was extremely nice.  The slow roasted pork was great.  Very tender and juicy.  Dessert is a must.The Oyster Po-Boy.. best po-boy I've ever had in my life. Unbelievably moist, perfect crust in the fry, and nice sauce with a hint of Louisiana hot sauce. Amazing.My dad and I discovered this place after trying to go to Company Burger and finding them closed. It was lucky for us!
We sat at the bar, and the bartender was a doll who knew exactly how long to chat with us before finding something else to do.
I ordered the grilled fish plate. The fish was great, but it was completely out-shined by the side of shrimp and potato hash. The most DELICIOUS potato dish I have ever had. My dad had a burger and said it was awesome.
They make their own pickles here. The pickles are so good that I would go back just for them. Also, their not stingy with them like some other restaurants in town.
For dessert, we had a slice of satsuma custard pie. At first I thought that 6 bucks for a piece of pie was a bit much. Then I tasted it. Simply the best piece of pie I've ever had. 
Yes, that's 2 "best I've ever had"s. This place rules, and I can't wait to go back.We've discussed going here a few times before, but never managed to make it. We had planned to check out the new Dat Dog space, but it was so crowded, we figured it was a good time as any to try High Hat. We were greeted quickly and our server was attentive and friendly. Boyfriend got the whole fried catfish and I got the Cuban sandwich. Being from Alabama, I know my catfish, so I can attest that it was well seasoned and battered, with no overt muddy taste. The fries are perfection (thanks for not cutting off the skin - the BEST part of the potato) and the cole slaw was perfectly tangy and creamy. The hushpuppies are a bit over-fried for my preference, but the flavor is good and housemade tartar sauce is wonderful. My Cuban was pretty spot on: the meat was moist and the bread was crisp. The homemade pickles add a nice touch as well. We were too stuffed to have any dessert, but we did chat with the bartender for a while and they've got some really interesting cocktail ideas floating around, including homemade liquers of strawberry and tomato. The prices are a touch high in my opinion, but it has a nice ambiance and friendly staff. We'll definitely be back.I was a tourist who ventured out of the typical New Orleans food scene. We went on a Friday night so there was a 20 min wait, which wasn't too bad. I came specifically for the whole catfish and this place did not let me down. It was cooked to order and it came with in house made tater sauce. The catfish was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. My daughter loved the collard greens. The coleslaw wasn't too bad either. I also had a margarita, in which I would have preferred it to be a little stronger. I think the bar tender maybe stingy with liquor based on some previous reviews. Overall, good food and service.I ate at High Hat today for the third time.  I really like it.  First of all, it's in that nice little Freret neighborhood that is supposed to be so up and coming.
The atmosphere is pleasant.  The place is cool, clean, and spacious and somehow manages to come across as authentic southern with just the slightest hint of hipness.  (This, I believe, is what they are going for with the food, as well.)  The clientele strike me as people who work in the area and come there often for a nice lunch.  
The menu items are billed as southern fare and feature lots of fried chicken/fried catfish type options.  The one time that I had the fried chicken, it was great, but fried chicken is hard to get wrong in my book.  But I do think that the restaurant uses fresh, local ingredients in their food.
I'm not a vegetarian, but I usually opt for the vegetable plate, which includes three sides (think southern sides with a twist, like "braised" collard greens, okra and tomatoes, sweet potato salad, deliciously thick grits, etc.) and a decent piece of cornbread and costs $10.  
My real secret is that I only order the vegetable plate to have access to the pimento macaroni and cheese (which isn't always on the menu).  It is delicious, and High Hat gets extra points in general for its preoccupation with pimento cheese, which seems to show up in a lot of its dishes.
Beverage-wise, there is a bar with specialty drinks (e.g. "Cuke-Fizz").  And for non-alcoholic beverages, you can order Abita Root Beer and lots of fancy different types of lemonade.  (Today there was watermelon lemonade.)
I really enjoy eating here.  The food that I have ordered is occasionally hit or miss, but I think this is a matter of taste rather than a matter of quality.Twice in one week.. what can I say... the Algiers Key Lime Pie rocks!  I like the nostalgic feel of this place. It reminds me of the cafe' in the old "Jupiter" five and dime store in downtown Sedalia Mo. when I was a kid. The cool old wooden soda fountain chairs, vintage looking tables, cool bar and the watermelon lemonade, yuuummmy.  If I were to change anything about this place, I would add a few potted palms for some greenery inside. 
Otherwise it's juuuuuust right.My family and I love the brunch here. The chicken and waffle, Cuban sandwich, shrimp remoulade, all delicious! The owner is a nice guy and the music is always great.Very happy with this after three tests.  Many name chefs open up informal restaurants offering local fare but by the time they are done playing with the classics they have changed them for the worse.  Not so here.  They are putting out classic local dishes done just right in a setting that is unpretentious and feels like it has been there for a couple of generations.A friend goes there just for the Happy Hour. He says the drinks are great, but then, this friend says that about anything with alcohol.
This is just one example of how Freret Street corridor is getting better and better.
P.S. Order the cheese grits if you go.Highly recommend the burger here. Got the slow roasted pork added on. It's a big bite burger so come hungry. The girls liked the pimento Mac and cheese and the sweet potato salad. Sampled the shrimp creole and it had a bit of a kick but great flavor.I had a wonderful experience here. The food was great, the service was great. . I will definitely go back on my next visit to new Orleans. . I highly recommended the mac n cheese and baked applesmoked chicken..When passing by this quaint corner resturant on Ferret St, seeing the 50s retro tile floors, the dark brown painted booths, the painted arm height stripe that circles the walls (think 50s high school) and the ceiling fans rotating above, you can't help but be taken back into that realm of the classic diner.  However, this is just a facade and unfortunately so.  While I stopped in for Sunday lunch and chomped down on good helping of the pork roast with cold slaw, what I was really craving was a generous stack of pancakes, topped with maple syrup, a side of eggs, bacon and why not grits.  Wake up!... What?  This isn't a breakfast place?  Your telling me... It should be!  Everything about this place screams chocolate malt shake, toast and hashbrowns and why not a cherry coke.  What Ferret (really anywhere in Uptown) needs is a diner that serves up a little bit of everything but most especially a 'breakfast menu served all day' sorta place.  While my lunch was ok, it left me acking for more.  If you're the owners of this fine establishment, please consider adding a full breakfast menu and open early on sat and sun.  It will be standing room only!  Uptown sorely lacks good affordable breakfast places (I can name only two) but both are not near Ferret.  
Despite this, this High Hat is a fun little place to enjoy some great food.  Stop in and check it out!The food was good, homemade pickled pickles were yummy, my only issue was the shrimp hash was really greasy...I still ate it all though!My husband and I have brunch at High Hat every time we go to New Orleans! The staff is friendly and makes us feel like regulars. The menu has something for everyone, including the most picky eaters. My favorite dishes are the chicken and waffles and the pork debris and grits. Everything is made fresh and in house, right down to their beverages. 
My good friend turned me onto this place, and I have turned family and friends onto this restaurant as well! You will not be disappointed!My mother, toddler and infant were in New Orleans had a late lunch at High Hat Cafe. My mom really wanted to go there after seeing the restaurant on the Food Network and plus eat somewhere not in the French Quarter. The area is near Tulane University and in the cutest neighborhood. All I can say is WOW! The food was excellent as well as the service. I had the best and freshest gulf shrimp - head and all- as well pimento mac and cheese was to die for and my mother liked her oyster poboy as well. We were rushing to hit the road back to Atlanta and I left my credit card by accident. I called the restaurant and they knew exactly who I was and offered to mail it back to me. Again, great food, service and even the non alcoholic drinks were excellent. Go to Hat Hat for something  off the beaten path and great food. We are still talking about it.Delicious southern comfort food. Don't miss out on their homemade pickles. I had them the first time I ate at the restaurant and dreamed about them for months. Next time I visited, I made sure to take home a quart of pickles.My wife and I stumbled upon High Hat Cafe when had come to find out that Company Burger down the street was closed on that Tuesday. What a blessing in disguise, we couldn't have been happier with our experience here!
I had the High Hat burger which comes with the most delicious melted pimiento cheese, homemade pickles and fresh tomatoes! The fries were perfectly cooked and complemented the burger to perfection! My wife had the same except she added bacon and an over easy egg to her burger with a side of pimiento Mac & cheese which was equally enjoyable!
For dessert we shared a slice of the special Blueberry Pecan Pie with cream cheese ice cream and it was a real treat! Our server was excellent and she seemed to be equally excited for us to try our food as we were! This place is a true gem, hands down best burger in NOLA!Outstanding lunch! We had the pimento burger and catfish plate, yummy.... Everything is made fresh and you can tell the difference. Recommend the fresh squeezed lemonade to drink.Busy Freret corner cafe that's been on my South Shore wishlist.  We went on a whim during the week and seated right away.  I liked the location, good service and good home cooking.  
I had the smoked chicken with sweet potato salad.  The chicken had a great smokey flavor, a little bit drier for my taste; and the unique twist on traditional potato was, well unique.  Hubby got the burger, to my disappointment.  The burger was good, flavorful, well seasoned.  The side of fries were hot and crispy.
I'd go back and try something different, but my judicial pallete is still out in this one.  I had high hopes for High Hat, so hubby will try the bar and see if it's a winner.  I'll be back!The food was MEH and service was MEH, went here because my friend said he heard good things about this restaurant, maybe will try again ??!!!!Visit was on 5/14. I live about 3 blocks from this place and have never gone before today because to me the menu did not look that exciting but I decided to give High Hat a try. All I have to say is WOW it blew me away. I ordered their signature angus burger with fries and some of their famous mac'n cheese. Both were outrageously good. The burger was actually cooked the way I asked for it to be cooked and the fries were piled so high I could not even make much of a dent in them after everything else. The pickles were possibly the best I have ever had and they tasted like they were made in house. The server was also really friendly and just attentive enough, never hovering or being annoying. I am a pretty critical person when it comes it to food and this place really knocked it out of the park for me.Tonight we experienced some true New Orleans food! I had the BBQ Gulf Shrimp-it was FABULOUS! I was a bit surprised when the dish was served with heads and tails & the server said "you're in Louisiana now!" B-had the fried catfish basket and LOVED IT!!! M-had Mac n Cheese, sweet potato salad ! Then we split the Meyer Lemon Icebox Pie DEE-LISH-OUS!! If your lucky enuf to be in the neighborhood be lucky to patronize this place!!!This is an excellent place to eat lunch or dinner, the menu is a mix of local and standard American food but its well balanced and there is something for everyone here. It's off the tourist trail but its all priced right and the service was excellent and they have a full bar. I had the grilled fish and it was perfectly prepared and spiced, really excellent. They even have their own parking lot across the street!If I'm craving a catfish poboy, I know exactly where to go. It helps that their food is always fresh tasting and they serve it with some of the yummiest drinks on Freret.We tried this place near my home when we had family in town. There were five of us and everyone enjoyed their food. My husband's burger was good, especially if you like pimento cheese. I had the catfish, was was awesome, and the sweet potato salad was really good. They have a nice bar too they we visited for a quick afternoon drink, and all the staff we have encountered have been friendly and helpful. They also have root beer floats, and I got a fried doughnut with ice cream, which I promptly recreated at home because it was such a genius idea. I like this place a lot; they have a menu that pleases locals and visitors alike.  I plan on returning as much as I can to try out their really great sounding specials.I had lunch here the other day and I must say it was amazing. Try the pimento burger or the lamb BLT SOOOOO Good. We also had a hendricks cocktail and it was great. Very friendly staff and great experience over-all.I hold High Hat in high regard. 
Aside from their delicious brunch and overall tasty food and drink menu, there are two big reasons I continue to return:
Their Pimento Cheese Burger. 
&
Their house aged Old Fashioned.
The drink itself is perfect. You will always find different riffs on this classic but the profile of theirs is perfect. 
Just the right amount of bitters and whisky. 
They also age their base in small little barrels lined up behind the bar. 
I just want to take one of them home. 
Lets talk about their burger(s).
I might ruffle some feathers here but I feel they have a better burger than Company.
There it is, I said it. 
They aren't trying too hard.
The product speaks for itself. 
It reminds me of the burgers my mother would make us when I was a kid. 
(Though Im arguably still a kid.) 
Their burgers are perfect in their imperfections. 
The pimento burger, in particular is so wrong its right.Great service, alright food. I had a fried oyster poboy with sweet potato fries (which were on point). My significant other have fried fish and it was quite tasty. We had the pecan and date pie with ice cream for dessert and it was delicious. Very friendly server. This place is decent for vegetarians.Holy wow, I was really not expecting the food to be quite this good. I ordered a burger and it was honestly one of the best I've ever had. The pickles were homemade, I think.. who even does that?! The tomatoes tasted just like one from my grandma's garden, and I was blown away. The pimento cheese tastes just like hers, too. I guess my only complaint is that the drink I ordered wasn't amazing - it was only "really really good." :)
Definitely stop in. I'm rather glad I did!I make a point of getting to High Hat each time I am in New Orleans. Simple menu with tradional foods that is executed close to flawlessly. The bar gets creative with fresh in season ingredients and churns out some killer cocktails. I typically go in for lunch, and the catfish basket or oyster remoulade po boy always satisfies. Their oysters and catfish are always on point, nice crunch and never greasy with great flavor. Apps like the delta tamales and deviled eggs platter get creative and can easily be a meal spoiler due to over indulgence.
But, a huge star here is the pies. They change with the season, and I have been lucky enough to sample quite a few over the last couple of years. They make a wonderful flakey crust, and fill with seasonal fruits or the amazing black bottom peanut with a side of home made ice cream.
High Hat is always recommended if you are looking for a break from the foo foo and want a good warming southern meal.Excellent catfish and hushpuppies done in the MS Delta/Memphis style of home!  Hushpuppies aren't impossible to find in Louisiana, but they're certainly not as ubiquitous as in other areas.  nice to see them done well here and I'm happy to see good crowds in this new addition to the renewed Freret Street culinary row!On a short stay in NOLA, we were fortunate to be steered by very savvy local friends to the High Hat, which was pretty much a master class in solid Southern cooking and flavors.  Great wine and Sazeracs, the Pimento Cheese platter was astonishing, the entrees were savory with subtle spices that really brought out the character of the meats. Possibly the best french beans and bacon side I have ever had;  the cole slaw was also outstanding.  Our group sampled two fruit pies, both were outstanding with minimal sugar and a very traditional, simple crust.  Service was super too.Delicious southern homestyle food. AMAZING cornmeal fried chicken- classic but not too greasy. Burgers also great. Amazingly yummy iced tea with homemade ginger syrup. Everything I've ordered here has been killer EXCEPT the sweet potato salad (sounds good but isn't). The catfish is good but a bit overrated - the chicken is better.
Tends to be a long wait on weekend nights!I've been to High Hat twice recently and had a wonderful experience both times. The first time we arrived just before closing, but the staff welcomed us and didn't make us feel rushed. The second time I was part of a party of eight, including two kids, and again, the service was friendly. 
Both times the food was delicious. I got the vegetable plate. The cheese grits were the best I've ever had. The green beans were cooked perfectly. The catfish was also reported to be very good. Everyone loved their food both times. I also like that they buy a lot of their ingredients from local farmers.
I would give five stars if they had some kind of bread to start the meal. We were starving, and it took a long time to get our food. I'm not complaining about the time, but something small would have made the wait seem a lot shorter. None of the appetizers are vegetarian, so I couldn't order those. Besides, appetizers tend to take a while, so a lot of restaurants offer something to tide you over.I went here once several months back with some friends eating full dinner but I just had sides and didn't think that made me qualified to review the place yet. But the sides I had back then were good. 
Then, I had an out-of-town guest for the second weekend in a row and didn't feel like going to any of the usual suspects for dinner again. And since High Hat was in the vicinity of our evening plans (and open on Sunday night, which MATTERS in this town), I looked to see what Yelp was saying about it lately. Seems like some folks were not too impressed. And I want you to know, your opinion matters to me, unimpressed Yelpers, but since I was in charge of feeding a visitor who had never been here before, I figured it was the perfect time to give it a shot. Because she wouldn't know any better! I mean, she didn't want to stand in line at Mahoney's the day before for her first ever po-boy and went to Ignatius instead! And she loved it! You see? Can't miss what you never had. 
Anyway, if you've ever passed the space, you know what it looks like because it's all windows and fairly open arrangement. Tile floors, so it can get a bit noisy, but it feels cozier and warmer full than it looks when it's empty. But enough of that. You can't eat the atmosphere, right? 
Appetizer:
Boudin. Stone-ground mustard, pickles that I'm guessing are housemade (definitely not Vlassic), and a few slices off a french roll accompany the large boudin patty. I appreciated that they weren't pawning off deep fried balls of boudin but letting the actual sausage stand on its own merits. It's good stuff though not the spicy kind.
Entrees: 
-Catfish (tender but also a bit thin and soggy, corn meal coating could have had some more flavor going on),
-Smoked and roasted chicken (very impressive - moist, good smoke, crispy skin)
-Meatloaf special (yeah I don't know why, either. But it was OK) 
Sides: 
-Hushpuppies (good flavor, a little dry, small, and over-fried) 
-Mashed potatoes with white gravy (good and lumpy)
-Tomato and okra (stewed and bland) 
-Mustard greens (standard to bland) 
-French fries (pretty tasty. They could mix more of the salt/seasonings they use on those into the corn meal coating for the fish and I'd be happy). 
And satsuma lemonades for everyone, which were fun but in hindsight I shoulda just gone with regular lemonade. Satsuma slices clog up a straw real effectively. I have had their Pimm's cup before and I recall it being pretty good. 
And the service was on top of our waters and checked in often, despite the place being about 90% full when we entered. So maybe they have those issues ironed out now? 
So there you go. It wasn't the best meal I ever had. But I wouldn't mind going there again. The visitor, by the way, loved the place and couldn't stop thanking us for taking her there (and she was the one who paid the bill, in case you were thinking she was being grateful for the free grub).Loved it! It felt a little off the beaten path from where we stayed in the garden district but so worth it. I had the High Hat hamburger and it was superb! 
Tried their black bottom peanut pie and it was life changing, I now prefer that over pecan pie.Casual, comfortable Southern-style diner with old-fashioned charm. High Hat is one of the newest restaurants on Freret Street but the décor, old sign above the bar, and tile floors make it seem like it's been there for 40 years.
I recently visited for lunch with a friend. I ordered the pimento cheese plate as an appetizer and the veggie plate lunch as an entrée. The pimento cheese plate was definitely enough for 2 (or more) people to share- a big scoop of pimento cheese served with round slices of French bread, carrots, celery, and cucumber. High Hat's pimento cheese is very flavorful (with the addition of dill). Unfortunately, the bread was a bit dry and the carrots and celery could have been fresher or crisper. It was a generous portion but for $8 I would have preferred fewer but better quality vegetables.
The veggie plate lunch comes with a choice of 3 sides and corn bread. I chose okra & tomatoes, smoky black-eyed peas, and sweet potato salad. Vegetarians beware- the black-eyed peas are made with ham and/or bacon (the waitress warned me). The black-eyed peas were good but slightly too smoky and salty for me. The okra & tomatoes were a good version of this dish. The sweet potato salad was delicious- my favorite item on the plate. I really liked the sweetness in contrast to the other 2 sides. The cornbread had nice flavor but was a little dry (could use more butter in recipe). It is unnecessary to order an appetizer and an entrée at lunch- I ended up bringing home half of both dishes as leftovers.
My friend ordered a side salad and the pulled pork sandwich, which came with fries. The salad was a nice green salad. He seemed to like the sandwich, although I thought it was odd that a Southern restaurant serves pulled pork on French bread. Overall, I thought the food was good, not great (a solid 3.5 stars). The service was friendly and the ambience is charming. I definitely want to try their catfish platter, so I will return soon.
If you're on Freret and looking for Southern-style food, give High Hat a try.We really enjoy this little strip on Feret St.  I always see people at High Hat on our way to gelato, so we decided to stop in.  No reservations...no problem.  We got there around 6:30 on a Friday.
The place has a diner vibe that they're cultivating.  Very casual with a menu seemed focus on local eats.  I kind of felt like it was a farm to table diner.  
One app was a hit and one was a bust.  I loved the Boudin.  Not exactly traditional boudin but tasty nonetheless.  Served out of the casing, which I'm sure some people prefer.  The gumbo to me was a dud.  I don't remember the details of the flavor, but I remember having like 4 bites and thinking, "Not worth it."  I had catfish en route anyway.  My entree was the fried catfish.  It was served with fries, slaw and hush puppies.  The catfish was pretty darn good.  Really nice pieces of fish and a decent batter.  The sides didn't stand out except for the puppies of hush.  Shari V helped herself to a few of those tasty bites.  Fries, unfortunately, were a little soggy and not particularly well seasoned.  
Service was great.  Our waitress was really nice.  She made plenty of suggestions, hopefully in earnest.  These cooking/restaurant shows always have me doubting waitstaff.  At any rate, she was on point for refills and hit the 2 bite check-in.  No complaints.
Overall, we had a decent meal at High Hat.  I suspect we will repeat.  I think this place has some 4 star food.  I just have to repeat to find it.Over the years, the High Hat Cafe had seriously picked up it's southern comfort food game. The burger with melted pimento cheese & house-made pickles is right up there with the best. The fries are house-cut, skin-on, and hot/crispy too.  On a recent visit, I decided to go with the grilled catfish po-boy along with the green beans & bacon side (instead of fries). The catfish was super fresh, not fishy & well seasoned on a generous incredibly fresh buttery french bread loaf. Dressed simply with lettuce, bright/sweet tomato slices, this sandwich melts in your mouth.
Onto the green beans- these are simply the best green beans Ive ever tasted.  Very crisp yet tender long beans, with just the right balance of smokey, rich bacon to slather them into tastebud nirvana. No kidding, these green beans should win an award! One of the best quality to value restaurants in the New Orleans area, I look forward to more soul-satisfying meals at High Hat Cafe.Delicious! Some of the best BBQ shrimp I've had from a restaurant. Fabulous menu items like pork debris, chicken & waffles, and po-boys with perfect Leidenheimer French bread. Fast, clean, and sweet servers!This place is darn good. I had an amazing Cuban sandwich with perfect vegetarian green beans. The service is great and the atmosphere is wonderful, too.Excellent grilled and fried catfish. Delicious fries and hush puppies. Tasty blood orange ice box pie. Friendly service.Great food and service.  Fried catfish is the best in the area.  Mac and Cheese made with pimento cheese is great and the bar features homemade ingredients that up the taste threshold a big step.
A friend lost her bracelet and as a last thought called the restaurant and yes they had her bracelet and after identification returned it to her.   THEY WOULD NOT TAKE A TIP FOR THAT SERVICE!!!This place was pretty good!(: My boyfriend and I both got the BBQ Burger he got with fries, and I got the hushpuppies. We both got lemonade. I wish the lemonade had refills and I kind of wish the menu was better because this was the only thing that looked good. But it was really good. I want to give 4.5 stars lol. But I'll go with 5. 
The two burger meals was $38The food was excellent. Best fried oyster Po boy I have ever had.  The waitstaff and Brooklyn-born bartender were incredibly professional and accommodating.I like High Hat, don't get me wrong. The meatloaf special I had was great. Never had I experienced a meatloaf that juicy. But I just can't get over the prices. $14 for a slice of meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and mustard greens? $12+ for a catfish platter? I've always had delicious food here, but the prices seem a bit outrageous for what I'm getting.My review is only based upon their fried chicken, green beans with ham and their mac-n-cheese.This place has the best fried chicken around!!!  It's different because they use corn meal.  It has the best tasting crust and the chicken has always been juicy inside, never dried out.  I like Mr. Ed's too, but this has my number 1 vote.  I love their green beans with apple smoked bacon.  They are very tasty and I often have 2 sides of them instead of one of their other sides.  The pimento mac-n-cheese is to die for!  You can't come here and not have it.  I haven't tried any of their other menu items, but my friends have and they have been extremely happy with their meals.  Yikes, I almost forgot to mention the servers.  They are fantastic.  All of them have been quick to take our orders.  They are very friendly and do their best to make sure you have a wonderful dining experience.
My only other comment is that I wish they had fried chicken every day!!!!  Please High Hat, please...Delicious food every time I've been here. The owner greets you personally at the door - a nice touch. He really cares about his patrons' experience. And it has a retro, easygoing atmosphere. The ruben (in-house smoked meat) was terrific. The homemade hibiscus beverage had a lovely subtle flavor - syrup made in house. Meals change often and always interesting and very tasty. Large portions - we always bring boxes home.I wanted to try something new, my friend suggested trying this place. As we walked in it felt like it had been there for awhile and everyone that worked there was laid back. You could tell someone there liked catfish, many items had it as well as pimento was on allot of dishes. I decided on the Spicy Seared Gulf Fish with Shrimp Hash, & a Cuban. My friend got the stuffed Mushrooms, i tried a bite, i am not a big mushroom fan but they were pretty good. Lots of flavor tasted similar to meat but very clean. Took about 15 / 20 min for our main meals to reach the table, Everything looked good, the Gulf Fish was speckled Trout, it had a great flavor, for the price they should have had double the amount of fish. The Shrimp has was pretty good, a tad bit salty but overall good. The cuban was pretty good, i never had one before to compare but i really like it. They pressed it so it was nice and crispy, it did have pulled pork on it that was really good. My wife and i swapped plates mid meal to try the others and we both liked everything. My friend got a burger and home cut fries, i didn't try the burger but he really liked it said it was just as good as company burger. I only tried the fries that were really good, very crisp but not over cooked. So i will defiantly go back next time i am around but i will try other items.We had the roasted chicken, pimento deviled ham and cheese plate! 
Oh my goodness so yummy!
We had the greens beans w bacon!AMAZING!
EVERYTHING WAS FRESH, And delish! 
He drinks were good, service was great, prices were good,overall a great experience! I would highly recommend!Do you like to go to restaurants where you're treated better than just a giant, indiscriminate Pacman mouth?
High Hat has excellent service and gourmet, white table cloth Southern food in a classic diner atmosphere. Our server, Lee, gave us a wonderful explanation of the history of the restaurant, including that the owners had tried to maintain the color scheme of the bakery that used to be there. She was happy to answer our questions about many of the eclectic menu items as well as the historical preservation that had gone in to the noticeably coherent design. If you enjoy sophisticated, delicious soul food in a come-as-you-are atmosphere, this is for you. 
BONUS: Be sure to check out and ask the bartenders or server about the cool vintage sign above the bar that says "Cecil's High Hat." 
DOUBLE BONUS: Watermelon mint lemonadeGet the oysters they were awesome. Be aware of the greens they tasted like leather shoes. But the atmosphere was nice, drinks where good, and food was well put together. 
Make sure to also try their tea and lemonade.I've gone here for the fried chicken day and brunch a million times. The chicken is on point and the staff always pleasant. Very simple food, but that's what you want out a diner!One of my fav spots in Nola. Greats: fried catfish, shrimp remoulade salad, margaritas, anything on the specials board. They are great at using seasonal produce on the specials and even for the drinks (homemade infused syrups).Southern delights in a comfortable setting! After happy hour at Cure, my friends and I were in the mood for a substantial dinner. Even though there was a wait, we stuck it out *at the bar* and we were glad we did. The cocktails were delectable. Yum! Luckily, there are several vegetable options and a veggie plate where you get to pick 3. I got the stewed okra, green beans, and mac & cheese. As a vegetarian, I was comfortable, along with my friends who got the catfish and the bbq shrimp. I would definitely come here again!Good food and a place we like to go.  We had a family of 6 and was seated promptly with no issues and had great service.  We sampled about everything on the menu.  Have several local beers on tap and we enjoyed the burgers, chicken fried, and shrimp.I went there couple of weeks ago and can not wait to go back for the best Reuben sandwich ever.  Everything was clean and staff was good.This is by far one of the BEST restaurants I have experienced. Savannah was AMAZEBALLS. She is tentative, friendly and has an amazing positive attitude. Great smile too! Totes adorable place and location. Will be back for sure when I return to NOLA.I have eaten here about 15 times. The first few times were really great, truly 5 stars, but there were quite a few trips in the middle that were less than great. My most recent trip has given me hope that they were just having a rough patch.
For the good: Five stars for the macaroni and cheese--it's consistently the best. Seriously, the best. I had the meatloaf once--it was delicious. Like mom made, but better. Shhhh! The One Eyed Burger is also exceptional.
For the mixed: The fries have been exceptional a few times. When they're good, they're soft and a little crispy.
For the bad: The catfish and the fried chicken were both really bad. The time I had the catfish, it hadn't been properly cleaned. There were sections of it that were inedible. The fried chicken was random cut pieces of chicken and it was DRY DRY DRY. The wing was inedible it was so dry. 
It's busy, and when it's good it's good.Service was quick and the bartender was quite friendly, but the food was not that great. 
I ordered an oyster remoulade poboy, expecting plump delicious oysters that you would expect to find anywhere in New Orleans. 
Instead the oysters were dreaded in too much cornmeal (or whatever breading it was in), there was so much butter on the bread I felt like I was eating sticks of butter, and there was hardly any remoulade sauce.  
I might give High Hat a second chance in a couple months but right now, whenever I see High Hat, all I can think about is the butter sandwich I could hardly eat.I think their burgers are the best in town. Check out their fish and specials they're fabulous. I have trouble resisting their incredible desserts. The specials lately have been incredible. Tonight they had oyster spaghetti that was a mystical experience. I hope they have it again. The things they can do with oysters is beyond magic. The pie tonight was a blood orange custard that could bring tears of joy.I visited again on 5/29 and ate at the bar for the first time. I ordered the burger with pimento cheese on top and a turbodog. They made it exactly how I wanted it, like always, and it came quickly even on a Friday evening. The service at the bar was friendly and just as good as when I sat at a table. I was unable to finish everything and took home a little snack for later which is awesome. 
My vist on 5/29 was my third. I went about a week earlier with a friend who had the BBQ shrimp and chose grits as his side. The shrimp were enormous even by Louisiana standards and it just smelled really amazing. I have to say I am planning on getting that next time I go. 
I must say about that other visit, the one after my first but before the one on 5/29, we ordered a side of corn bread at my friends insistence most likely because he's not from the south and has no doubt been deprived of things like corn bread. 
Anyway, the corn bread was brought out first with our drinks but the server just left it on the table with little butter packets in the basket. We were not given any plates or extra napkins which was awkward because they only give you one napkin rolled around your silverware unless you ask for more so we just unrolled our silverware and used that napkin as a plate for our cornbread. BUT I must say everything was forgiven by the time I ate as much of my meal as I could (I took 1/2 home) because the portions are very generous. Also, the server was friendly and looked after us even though she was busy and I could see she had several other tables in her section. 
Strong performance from this place every time so far (except occasionally plates for cornbread) but that is so minor is does not really matter.The good is consistently outstanding, pork, fish... I would happily order the deviled egg plate every time. The craft cocktails are innovative and tasty, but the well drinks and beers are pricy. Save room for dessert, I rarely do, but it's delicious.I wanted to love this place I really did.  But I just can't get over is the food that was just average at best.  The atmosphere has a very old feel, but in a charming way, not in the way where there are cobwebs and wallpaper. They do have a very cool Bar area and the drinks I have tried in my visits here are pretty solid, although they are kind of pricey and a place like this would really benefit from a happy hour.  First, I will mention some good things. There fries are pretty good and upon one of my visits I got a steak special which is still the only stand out I have ever experienced here. It was cooked well and seasoned to perfection. However this place had to get all weird and hipster-like and add a mint butter on top. That was very strange. It wasn't bad, but it was...odd to say the least. I just don't think my taste buds ever adjusted to mint on my steak. The service is always friendly. 
Now to the flip side of this coin. 
My issue here is I think they think their food is better than it is. They rave about their catfish basket. They have catfish on their logo, on their marketing materials, and  highlighted on their menu. Well I am sorry to announce that I could not eat my catfish basket, it was not eatable.  The fish was not cut correctly I suppose.  You know when you get catfish and you sometimes get that little layer of blackish beneath the white flaky fish meat? High Hat's fish was quite the opposite, it was black fish with barely any white flaky fish. It tasted like the way the reptile encounter smells at the Audubon zoo.  If you are not from round here I will explain the taste with a more high brow description...It was funky! It wasn't just one piece either, it was every single piece in my basket. They serve it with a white remalade sauce that I only prayed would be less bland so I could have covered up the fish corpse taste of the catfish, but I was not so lucky. 
The Pimento Burger is okay. The meat was juicy and cooked very well. But it was just very plain.  The cheese is very mild and you barely taste it. 
Their sides , on paper , you would think would be amazing! But once again prepare to get let down.  If someone charges for cornbread, I expect something pretty incredible. Believe me when I tell you that I would take a box of .99 cent jiffy box made cornbread over this bread any day of the week.  The pimento Mac and cheese was creamy but bland, and really, that was just the problem with this place. Bland Bland Bland. The only strong flavor I got from here was a very "strong fishy taste" from their fish.
I was very disappointing here. To top it off, my dining partner got incredibly sick from our last visit.
The Good:
The service, the bar, fries are good
The Bad:
There are a lot of bland food here.  
The Ugly:
The Catfish was simply some of the worst Catfish I have had with eating catfish locally for over 30 years.  You would do better getting a 5 dollar catfish basket at Popeyes.Best mac n' cheese on the planet!! High Hat has great service...the owner is almost always there, super friendly, and everything works like clockwork. We've tried several menu items...all the vegetables on the vegetable plate are awesome. The Cuban pork sandwich is really good...pulled pork and ham, cheese, pickles, should I stop now?!? Yum. We go here often and usually bring out of town guests here for great, homemade comfort food. Oh, and don't forget the bar...most all concoctions (even non alcoholic like the hibiscus lemonade) are made with homemade infusions!It's good. I've been hear a couple of times at varying degrees of sobriety, and the service has been pretty standard. The food offerings are great, I highly recommend their po-boys, which are a much better alternative to other shops which are dedicated solely to this task (I'm looking at you Freret Street Po-boys). They also have some great drink options. I remember (quite fuzzily) a concoction called the Mexican Jumping Bean, a tequila libation with a coffee bean at the bottom. If you're in uptown for lunch or what have you, this place should be pretty high up on your list.Ordered the catfish basket, pretty standard but subbed the fries for the sweet potato salad. Another customer said the gumbo wasn't good gumbo but I'm sure there's some good stuff on the menu. I'll return for the catfish basket when I'm in town again although my waitress seemed quite clueless.Always a great meal and fantastic service. I suggest the Okra and tomatoes. They are well prepared and tasty. Roasted chicken had a great flavor. Very moist. 
Braised greens were spot on. Not overly seasoned and delicious. 
I suggest the deviled eggs and shrimp and remoulade salad. I liked the kick it had to it.I just recently got back from NOLA!!! The whole purpose of my trip was to experience the culture and food was number one on the list. 
 I know this review is not about New Orleans lol so moving forward. Day 3 in NOLA found this place on Yelp and it was great!!  
I ordered the barbecue shrimp. The taste was so good!!! I wanted more so I ended up ordering a second one. My friend ordered some sort of a platter with some amazing tasting cheese! I really can't find the words to explain that bbq shrimp! 
On our way out the owner comes out to greet us. We were thrilled! First time in Nola but if I go back I am headed straight for that bbq  shrimp!!!  
Overall we were treated very well during our visit and I am happy I came here. Really added to making my Nola experience awesome!!!Delicious food! My friend and I got the catfish plate and a veggie plate and shared them so we could have more veggies. The pimento mac and cheese ties with Crescent PIe and Sausage's fried mac and cheese for fave in the city!Good food and good service-- had the chicken waffles and eggs and my husband had the Cuban sandwich --we are both very satisfied!SOME OF THE BEST FOOD IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!! I'm not exaggerating when I said this food changed my life. I'm from RI and nothing compares. Please goEvery time I visit I normally get the same thing the thin catfish with the pimento Mac & cheese. I never go wrong with this platter. Lightly fried and a great taste. It is normally a consistent meal each visit. There are other great southern comfort foods you won't go wrong with as well.
I also enjoy the specialty drinks. They do phenomenal mint lemonade along with others. I just love them.
Make sure to check out the specials always something delicious they put up. My last visit I had a crab and watermelon salad with was actually pretty good.
This is normally a quiet location and is pretty good for small business lunches in my opinion. Parking is on street, although Freret parking lot is directly across the street so you shouldn't have any trouble finding any.
Also keep in mind prices are reasonable, staff is friendly, and very clean facilities, on the awesome Freret Street strip.I gave this restaurant 3 stars because the lady who seated us was very rude. We walked in and she didn't even greet us. She looked us up and down and pointed to a table. She wasn't a waitress. We sat down and were already aggravated. Luckily, our waitress was very nice and attentive. Food was delicious and flavorful! Would definitely come again if it wasn't for that lady...Amazing fried chicken special the night we were there.  Good drinks, friendly service.  I had a pork po boy that was good, but the slow roasted pork plate my daughter ordered was even better.  Great place in the neighborhood.We went for the catfish and it happend to be "Fried Chicken Tuesday" - lucky for us!  So one of us got catfish basket (fries, slaw, hushpuppies) and the other the fried chicken (greens and pimento mac & cheese).  Both are fantastic, can't think of anyplace I've had better.  The mac & cheese is awesome.  Hush puppies were very good, but small and not enough of them.  I didn't care f or this type of slaw, but my partner liked it a lot - guess that's always true of slaw.  Fries were ok, but I would have liked them a little crisper.  Atmosphere is really nice.  Will definitely return - and most likely on a Tuesday :)As a visitor to NOLA I've been to this restaurant twice.  The first visit easily convinced me there was a talented chef and cook staff on hand. I tried the BBQ shrimp with the fresh baked Leidenheimer bread and was NOT disappointed. Also had the homemade fries and they were great!  On my second visit we were warmly welcomed by the proprietor who engaged us in pleasant conversation. I then sampled several more items, one of which was the meatloaf special. Wanting Cajun food I was reluctant to try this as I've never really been a fan of meatloaf; however, the medley of beef and seasonings with that bacon wrapped glaze that was presented to us was beyond delicious.  I'm excited to try something new on my next visit south!We absolutely loved this place!
Diner- CHECK
Great food- CHECK
Amazing service- CHECK
Fast delivery of the food- CHECK
Everyone except one (he is all of 10- so mini burger was the meal of choice) had the catfish in some form- and we were all stoked about how it turned out.
Only wish I had saved room for dessert- oh well next trip!Best burger in town, hands down. I love this place, great service and great for kids as well. They gladly (and accurately) substitute sides and they always have great specials, both for food and cocktails....We did take-out here and were very impressed. Good southern comfort food but not overrun with fried fare.I had the flat top catfish. Delicious but I recommend it with the okra and tomato side to add even more flavor (it was borderline bland with the cracked pepper). Cornbread also pairs nicely with it since it's on the lighter side. I also recommend the pimento mac and cheese - had a nice little kick to it! 
Staff was friendly and food was ready very quickly. Much better than chain restaurants in the area.Best fries in the city. Specials are always a great combo of food. Friends and I were here one night, we ordered a specific dish, chef came out and said he couldn't make it for us because when he made the same thing earlier in the day, the dish wasn't up to his standards. We were impressed by the honesty and commitment to quality. Boundain is great, drinks are always inspired by the season, brunch is my fav. Today's choice is the corned beef hash with eggs. Burgers smell perfectly grizzled, too.Great food, decent prices, but kinda loud. My fiance had to have her 11am conference call outside where they were re-paving the intersection because that was quieter out there than inside. The fried chicken was a little too dry (esp the breast), but the sides of mac n cheese, okra n tomatoes, and braised greens were tasty. My burger was just exactly perfect.So after the Saints beat Carolina I was hungry so I decided to hop on over to Feret St and give the Hi-Hat a try.. Great choice...  I decided on the 4 piece catfish with hush puppies and fries. The fish was fried just like I like it nice and crispy . The Fresh Juice Margarita is really  refreshing..fir dessert I had the Warm Peca
n Butterscotch Pie with Creole Cream Cheese Ice cream...... The service was great and I can in 45min before closing..  Give this place a try I'll be back for sure.The Grillswith is a divine treat. The perfect caramelized donut - crunch and gooey inside with a scoop of ice cream. What a treat!Second visit, not disappointed. Excellent service, delicious food. We brought friends from out of town and were very pleased. Lots of history here going back at least a century.Went for lunch again, this place is always on point! There is not much to say that I have not said in my other reviews / updates of High Hat. Their burger is my favorite in all of New Orleans, it's thick, seasoned perfectly, cooked perfectly, and ridiculously delicious. The service and overall vibe are both awesome. I really love this place and their home made pickles are the bomb!The gumbo was far too salty for me and the collard greens a bit too mushy. But the ginger ale was delicious and is house made (ginger and sugar water aka simple syrup) as it should be which made everything worth it. Also the double glazed donut with vanilla bean ice cream is awesome!!!Thank goodness there are places like the High Hat still around. Diner vibe, amazing southern food, and cocktails to boot! Im in heaven.Im absolutley blown away.  This is by far the best meal i have had here in the city.  We love trying different must eats around the city.  I just hate it took me so long to find this gem.  This is a must eat place while either visiting or if your just in the mood to have your tongue smack your brains out from a flavor bomb.  I had the special of the day a brunch special.  Roast pork debris egg and grits my wife had a oyster po boy.  She has had many across the city this was her favorite.  Now the most important for cheese heads PIMENTO MAC M CHEESE!!!  Amazing!!!This place was super fun. Food was very good. Lots of flavor. Interesting drinks and food selection. Prices were a little high, foodwas alittle greasy, andthe other patrons seemed to be there to be seen and not for the food. But the staff was very friendly and we thoroughly enjoyed our meals. Mac and cheese was EXCELLENTThis is a yelp review update:
My GF and I have been here probably 20X.  More than that probably.
They know us by name / face and always treat us well.  
Place has a neighborhood feel to it.
I love the Cuban.
I also love the Olde Fashioned.
I still wish the menu had a few more items on it, that is the only thang holding back a 5-star plus review.Went up to Freret Street for lunch and tried the High Hat.  First off though, what an amazing street (The Freret Market, Zeus Place, Company Burger, and so much more).  A great place and only getting better.  
Which is why I had hope for the High Hat.  Situated on a really cute corner, in what is becoming foodie central in New Orleans, it had all the potential in the world.  Unfortunately, they just didn't even deliver.  The decor looks like they are missing half of the art/design that should be covering the walls.  Again, there is SO much potential with this space, but they haven't really taken the time to make it look like a cute neighborhood diner.  It's very "blah."
Service was a disappointment.  I have worked in the industry and maybe this poor girl was suffering from a really bad hangover, but that's what it felt like.  A bit of a bummer because some of the specials sounded delish on the board, but we couldn't really get any feedback on what they were or whether they were any good.  People have bad days though, so no sweat.  I can let that slide.  What bothered me more is that while using the restrooms, one employee used the facilities and then left without washing their hands.  I am not sure whether it was better to know this before we ate or after, but not a good thing.  He was working in the kitchen too...so well...that was bothersome.
The food:  It was fine.  It was decent.  I had their burger, and it was ok.  Paled in comparison to their neighbor at Company Burger.  (What doesn't?)  But it was sub par in all aspects.  Wouldn't recommend.  My wife had their fried catfish, and I didn't try it, but the general review was that it was nothing special.  It didn't look special.  It was a limited menu as well.  When a place doesn't have too many choices, they had better be the best at what they do offer.  This place was mediocre at best.  One delish treat though.  The satsuma lemonade was awesome.  Could have drank gallons of that stuff.
Expensive for what you get.  $12 burger if you add cheese and bacon, and well, for that money, I could almost go to Luke (certainly CB or Port of Call).I met a few friends here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we got a table. The food was great, the service was on point and the atmosphere is perfect for dining with friends. 
We all ordered one of the daily specials and each of us thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Also order dessert - its worth it.
I especially appreciate the free parking lot across the street. I will definitely be back.My mom was in town and wanted an oyster po' boy. After walking around the Quarter for an hour, I started feeling claustrophobic and frustrated, so I suggested we give this place a try. I'd heard about the chef and knew this was one of his restaurants I could afford that was casual enough to have my mom's po' boy. The place was incredibly cozy-feeling yet spacious. The service was perfect, the drinks delicious, and the food was excellent. Highlights included the mac 'n cheese, okra with tomatoes, and the grilled donut (I could eat those all day). The reason I didn't give this five stars? The cornbread tasted and felt like eating a dishwashing sponge. It was foul. Maybe it was a bad day? But that was surprising given the quality of everything else. Anyway, I'll be back to clear up the mystery!Saw this place on Burgers brews amd Que.  The Oyster Poboy was tasty.  Hot buttered rum was a nice surprise. We also tried the BBQ shrimp. A must is dipping bread in leftover sauce. Shrimp were large as well.All Around Terrific!. Very juicy pan fried chicken is a can't miss item on Wednesdays or whenever offered. Burger was cooked perfectly to temp, and the fries were achieved an almost magical crisp yellow quality with a tender interior. Not sure that I've ever had better fries.
The space really harkens back to a different era and attracts an older crowd is well. Just a great experience here.Brunch....Cornmeal Pancakes and a Rosemary Ginger Tea...That is all.Very friendly and welcoming atmosphere. My husband loves the pimento cheeseburger. I love the cuban. The green beans are really good. The house made pickles are good, spicy, but good. Tamales are good. Save room for dessert, the donut with the ice-cream is delicious! 
One of our favorite places to eat!I am surprised by some of the negative reviews. We have been here twice and have been nothing but pleased! We did go for dinner both times, so maybe lunch is different. Between the three of us we have sampled the fried catfish plate, a fried catfish po boy, a pork chop (that was slightly undercooked for my taste but the waitress and chef immediately remedied that), the fried chicken and veggie plate that had hollygrove fried okra and the tastiest sweet potato salad I have had!
The atmosphere is casual, the wait staff friendly, and there appears to be a decent beer and wine list. We're happy with the New Freret St and with High Hat!If your grandmother isn't from the south, give it a try.  Otherwise, you will probably be a bit disappointed.  At least the hushpuppies werie hot. Seasonings were lacking, and it was spendy for what I got.I went with a large group and we closed the place--thanks to High Hat for letting us take our time. With so many people I think I tried most everything on the menu. Great food and great service. The burger didn't disappoint, but if I went back I'd ask for a bit more pimento cheese. A little more cheese makes everything better, right?!We came here with two other friends for the fried chicken!!! It was very, very good. We consider ourselves fried chicken freaks, so we had to check it out. This was my husband and my first visit here. What a delight Freret Street has become! The High Hat is very well decorated. So open and airy and inviting. They have a nice bar as well. We all had drinks before; the wine list is good and the offerings plentiful from the bar. The menu is varied and interesting.We also noted that they offered several daily specials that span the Earth and seas. A plus! The fried chicken was served with braised collard greens, which were so awesome! (I grew up in New Orleans, have been exposed to greens my whole life, and really don't care for them at all)--these were terrific, flavorful and fresh. The fried chicken (4 pieces) was perfectly fried in a cornmeal type of batter..light and crisp. The macaroni and cheese (made with pimento cheese) was ridiculous (ly good!)...I am very weak when it comes to comfort foods such as macaroni and cheese, and this was 5 star. Prices were very fair and we enjoyed everything. I took one piece of chicken home and some greens...our spouses took NO prisoners! The dessert we chose was the pecan pie alamode....ummm...awesome. The crust was so flaky and buttery. So worth the calories, even though I know there were zero calories in this meal! Go and enjoy! We will go back and try the lemon pie and other pies. Nice service, great food! Family friendly...there were several in there and the kids were captivated. Great kids' menu, by the way!!! Our bill was about 80.00 total, and we each had at least two drinks for four people! A deal.I have been hitting the burger places in town as there are all these new chic places for them. So far, this is the best! The pimento cheese burger is awesome and their fries rank among the best. The NOLA on tap at $6 is a bit pricey but they have some real inventive drinks...fresh and tasty. This place for sure beats Cowbell! Oh, and they have great homemade pickles...I don't even like pickles.I came here on a visit to the city.  The food was great home made New Orleans but I was especially impressed by the cocktails. Ryan the manager and mixologist creates everything from scratch - and by everything I mean house made cucumber liqueurs, bitters, gin and even tonic.  He created amazing cocktails for a great price.  Unlike other bars in the area where specialty cocktails can be quite pricey, the cocktails here are $8.  If Ryan is around, ask him about his ingredients and you will get a good sense of his great passion for the ingredients and the cocktails.20 Jul 2014, 07:30p
Our local friend brought us here since it's one of his favorite restaurants that he frequents at least twice a week.  The restaurant is apparently known for the specials, but some of the regular menu items are good, as well.  There wasn't anything that really interested me on the specials board, although the Chicken Fried Sweetbreads did pique my curiosity.  Hubby forbade me to order them, though.  Oh well!
Our friend ordered a plain, naked burger and we ended up ordering:
Watermelon Mint Lemonade (Special)
Large Fried Catfish Basket
Smoked Two Run Farms Brisket (Special)
Peach Blueberry Crumble Pie
I thought the Lemonade was a bit too sour, although it did have a strong watermelon and mint flavor.  I personally would have preferred it a little less tart, and a little more sweet.  The Catfish Basket was indeed large.  I got my entire fried-food quota for the month in this one entree.  The catfish was fried perfectly with a crispy breading, but the fish was not overcooked.  The hushpuppies were good, not too dense and I substituted fried okra for french fries.  Overall, the basket was good, but it was a LOT of grease to ingest.  I probably would not order this again.
Hubby ordered the Brisket and he thoroughly enjoyed cleaning his plate.  It was accompanied by a tomato, fig, green bean salad which he thought was absolutely divine.
For dessert, hubby decided on the Peach Blueberry Crumble Pie. I took one bite and it was definitely too tart for me.
Service was good and the staff was very friendly.  I would return to try some of the other dishes or specials.  I know what I don't need to order again, but willing to try again.My quest for the most amazing hamburger in New Orleans brought me to High Hat.  I did my research, and many have called the "High Hat" burger one of the best in the city, so I had to see for myself. 
I stopped in here, and I immediately liked the "retro" kind of feel of the place. There was even Motown playing over the loudspeakers. We sat down, and the friendly waitress came over to take our order. I decided to start with the chicken and andouille gumbo. It was okay, but even after I added a TON of Crystal sauce, it was lacking some flavor. Also, there was a good sized chicken bone in my gumbo. I'm glad that I'm not the type to scarf soup down, or else that could have ended badly (and this amazing review may have never been written!).
I ordered the High Hat burger with the pimento cheese on the side, as instructed by a few of my fellow reviewers. The burger was cooked perfectly "medium" as per my instructions, and topped with lettuce, tomato and house made pickles. There was a huge cup of cheese on the side (it comes melted, not sliced) and I can only imagine how much of that would have been poured all over my burger. If that's your thing, go for it. I just spread a generous amount on my burger and I found that to be perfect. The burger was juicy and had a lot of flavor and the cheese added a nice touch and an extra kick.
While I thought High Hat's burger was REALLY good, The Company Burger is still at the top of my list for "favorite" New Orleans burger, so far. I would definitely go back to High Hat and get the burger again or maybe try another one of their yummy sounding sandwiches.The server was a gem. Very real, attentive and welcoming. 
The menu selection is also a plus - there were  few dishes that I would have tried. 
Ambiance - just ok. Plus - big windows with lots of light in the day, and open-airy space. 
I had a catfish basket, a basket of cornbread and a summer ale. Its was just alright. Nothing ¨woah!¨ but I'm glad I went and I would recommend it to anyone.4.5 stars. Really good place. Solid food all around with some really delicious things - all reasonably priced. A great place to take out-of-towners for local specialties if you can't bear the tourist prices and crush of the better known places. There's almost never a wait.
Highlights are: The smoked half chicken, the oyster remoulade po-boy, and many of the sides (Mac&cheese, Sweet potato salad, etc).
Slight Weaknesses are: the catfish (small portion and a bit plain), and the pie, which oddly are both flagship items. If they improved those, I'll give them 5 stars.I've only eaten there a couple of times but loved it each time. I and enjoyed everything on it. The meatloaf was seasoned perfectly. The green beans, I dare say, we're the best I've ever had. Seriously. All of the servers are friendly and very helpful. If you tell them what you're looking for, they will help you choose what is right for you. Michael was our server each time I was there. She is adorable and helpful.Blend, Space too big no cache and expensive. No neighborhood restaurant spirit.I was out to celebrate my friend new job position and we were looking for soul food so i went on yelp and this place popped up instantly. I had my son with me so i feared there would be no place for him to sit or park his little stroller. However, the hostess had got my son a high chair (which he sat in woohoo) and i was able to park my stroller in a spot away from people so I would not make any traffic. We started our night off with cocktails. I had a Cecil's Cocktail which was so delicious and minty for $8 bucks. Not too fruity and not too harsh, it was just right!  Not bad at all. My friend had the Ruby Hendrix which was very citrusy. She enjoyed her drink a lot as well! Finally It was time for food. We could not make our minds up on what to eat so we closed our eyes and wherever our hands landed that is what we ordered.  I ordered the slow cooked pot roast and pimento mac n cheese. I was very skeptical at first because not too many people can make a good tender and juicy pot roast. It was sooooo Good.  My roast was nice and juicy and just full looking. My pimento mac n cheese was good as well.I have never had pimento cheese before so i was blown away by the taste and texture. No complaints here! I took maybe five bites and was instantly full. My friend went with the Angus burger which she said was really good. we will be back it was goodLove this restaurant! Great diner style southern find food fabulous crafted cocktails would definitely come back next time I'm in the big easy oh yeah baby #YummyEight of us went to the High Hat for the first time last night and everyone thought it was fantastic! There was rampant cross-tasting of drinks & food at our table because everything was just so good. I had the house made ginger ale that was different but refreshing. Another friend had the watermelon with lemonade & my husband had a tasty Arnold Palmer. I had a veggie plate. The cornbread is not sweet, which is how I like it & the pimento Mac & cheese is the best I've had anywhere. I tasted the catfish & the Cuban sandwich, both of which I will order again. Also at our table was BBQ shrimp, roast chicken, gulf fish, a burger & shrimp Po boy. All were deemed exceptionally delicious. Service was friendly & prompt. We will definitely be back......maybe today!Tasty food and cocktails!  I really really enjoyed the dinner salad with the fried catdish.  My man friend got the pork entree and we both agreed that the pork was a little too sweet.  The service and atmosphere were very pleasant, and the food was ready in record time.  Also, the hand dryers in the bathroom are epically strong and futuristic.Yay for pimento mac and cheese!  Got the pork plate,  and seriously,  it's a huge slab of super most pork shoulder that I got to enjoy twice,  because,  leftovers. Also,  super delicious fresh ginger ale,  I would choice l come back just for the house made soda.Stayed at a hotel around the corner and had dinner at this restaurant two nights in a row. Both nights the food was great and my family enjoyed their meal just as much. They were very welcoming and made easy accommodations to seat us with a stroller. Staff was friendly and attentive. The pork was super tender, catfish fried to perfection, and the Housemade ginger ale is so refreshing.Great down home cooked meals . Everything they have is excellent. The owner is always there working cleaning tables ect.We came in for lunch on their first Sunday.  E got the vegetable plate and the server was really careful to discuss with him which items contained meat and what didn't.  He ended up with okra & tomatoes, slaw, and green beans.  All three were tasty; the green beans were super buttery and garlicy and cooked to retain yummy crispness.  The okra & tomatoes were heavier opposite my perfect ratio (2:1 okra but that made them the perfect ratio for E...takes all kinds).  The corn bread was def not NOLA but was still yummy but not at all sweet.  
I had the crab & corn bisque which was delicious; the crab quality was first rate but the soup was maybe a bit too thick.  I also tried the chop salad which was really nice and fresh.  I REALLY wanted to try their dessert special of the day but will have to go there another time.
The wine list looked interesting and I hope to make it back for cocktails soon.  
Seriously though, a brand new restaurant that doesn't have a webpage? That's just crazy talk. I'm so glad I found the hours of operation on the Gambit blog.The place is nice. The food is good. The shrimp remoulade salad is amazing. The flat top burger was great. 
The waitress had very inappropriate behavior with us. At the end of the meal she questioned us on our bill and tip!! Very unprofessional!!First off, I like this place because they had strawberry abita when ancora didn't. The bar is pretty cool and right off the bat, we ordered cocktails. I got the bee with bitters or something (honey, bitters, new orleans spiced rum). It was delicious. 
Then we ordered a cheese appetizer which was good but wasn't amazing. I liked that it came with vegetables but felt like some of the pairings didn't really work with the cheese. 
As for my main dish I got the cuban sandwich. I liked it, but again it was just good not amazing. I didn't have any problems switching my fries with another side (tomatoes and okra). The side was also pretty good. I think, however, I liked my side more than my sandwich...maybe I just wasn't in the mood for it after the cheese appetizer...
My roommate got the fish which was actually amazing. It reminded me of home; everything was seasoned just right and the fish was fresh. 
The staff was very friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere of the place was nice. It felt very secretive and exclusive, but not suffocating.Everything here is so good. We have been numerous times and are never disappointed. We always get the sampler appetizer. The pimento they make in house is so good. I like to get vegetable plates and burgers the most. Not too many places serve greens and field peas on the menu like they do. They always have different yummy desserts to try. Sometimes we are way too full to eat it there and get dessert to go!Oyster soup with bacon and greens was very good.  Had a dinner salad with fried oysters - huge. Most importantly, the oysters were some of the better that I have had in terms of seasoning.  My wife had broiled catfish, corn bread and some stewed tomatoes and okra and enjoyed them all.  Always a good selection of nightly specials.  High Hat seems to be very consistent in terms of their food.
Service is very good.Went in with friends tonight.  We were seated immediately and our waitress was excellent- very friendly and attentive.  We ordered fresh fried mushrooms "from the northshore" which were ok, somewhat bland.  I ordered the okra as an app, and it was just ok, nothing really special.  One friend got the High Hat burger with Pimento cheese- again, just average.  Another friend ordered the shrimp po-boy, which wasn't bad, just average.  (Sorry to be so repetitive.)  For my main course, I ordered the fried catfish, which was pretty good.  I noticed another reviewer compared the catfish to Piccadilly catfish- good cornmeal crust- I'd say it was slightly better.  Hushpuppies were small and dried up.  The fries are very good.
The highlight was the attentive and friendly service.  The food isn't bad, but it's forgettable overall.Didn't eat here, only had drinks so i can't comment on the food, only the cool cocktails. They were awesome and were reasonably priced as well. They make a bunch of their ingredients themselves, which is even better.
We had an Amber leaf a 4500 and a laughing skull beer, all three of which great. Lindsey the bartender was really nice as well.Best Cuban sandwich in New Orleans!  Burger is awesome too, just make sure you have extra napkins because it is really juicy!First off, their strawberry mint lemonade was ungodly. I only needed one drink because it was so sweet, but the fresh mint and strawberries made the drink pristine. The gumbo was really good, especially with the cornbread.Absolutely my favorite place to eat in New Orleans! The fried chicken and hamburgers are the best I've ever had!Truly the best burger of my entire life.  High hat burger with pimento cheese is their specialty.  Awesome.I would actually go 4.5 stars but that wasn't an option so I rounded up. 
Okay this was a nice little hole in the wall neighborhood type place. Great food and good beverages. 
Shrimp Po Boy and BBQ shrimp were outstanding. 
Kids liked it as well.
Service was amazingly attentive but not over bearing.Did I say I love this restaurant previously?  Yes I did.  Is EVERYTHING here the best dish in the city?  Probably not.  But everything is close.  Just had the red beans, with chicken for my wife and sausage for me.  Killed.  Arguably the best fried chicken in town.
Still the best, BEST pies in the city.  My wife says that Hi hat can NEVER lose their pie guy (maybe a no trade clause in his contract).  The pecan pie is the pecaniest I've ever had.  If ya like pecans, you'll love this. W/Jack Daniels icecream.  Yum.Had a Friday off work and as usual I just started driving around town trying to decide what I was going to have for lunch.  After driving down Magazine and not seeing anything I had a taste for I ended up heading to Freret St.
First place I came to was the High Hat Cafe.  I parked my car and pulled it up on Yelp to see what it was all about and what people thought about it and seeing that it had a 4 Star review I made my way inside.  It was a quiet Friday afternoon and there were only a few people dining inside.  I was seated at one of the table quickly met by a very nice server.
I ended up ordering the fried chicken, mac n cheese, and hush puppies.  The fried chicken was very good.  Not too greasy and seasoned very well.  Just make sure to allow it to cool a little bit if you order it.  The mac n cheese was good as well.  It could have used a bit of seasoning to it but an addition of salt and pepper at the table made it just fine.
I could have eaten a plate full of just the hush puppies.  They were perfectly fried and were nice and fluffy and buttery.
I will be making my way there again sometime soonA late afternoon Sunday lunch that is always great at this establishment. It was not packed at all and allowed a lot of people watching from their windows. I had the cheeseburger medium with pimento cheese fries. The burger was prepared just right and the bun was buttery. The pimento cheese fries are really where this meal shines! so good! My only complaint is that the sweet tea needs to be sweeter! Though that could just be me, because I do like my sugar with my tea. Highly recommend this place.We walked in about 30 mins before they closed and we were seated promptly. Our waitress was extremely informative and had great menu recommendations. We had the catfish, BBQ gold shrimp, shrimp Po boy, one eyed burger...and mac & cheese, cornbread, pimento cheese grits! Every single dish was AMAZING! Ohhh we also had their ginger tea & lemonade...we asked if they could mix them and it was soooo delicious. We were extremely stuffed and overly happy with all the dishes, then came dessert time! We had the peach custard pie, chocolate chess pie, fig pecan pie & glazed donut w ice cream. By far the best dessert was the fig pecan pie.Superb food + service. My party of 6 ordered the catfish, pulled pork, and a few reubens. None of the food was greasy in the least and all highly flavorful. The rosemary lemonade was SO YUMMY and so was the hibiscus tea. Would definitely come back and recommend this place to anybody!!The food was terrific, though on the pricey side for what it is. I really wish I came with a group, because I'd like to try more of the menu. From the few offerings we chose, each item knocked it out of the park. We had a wonderfully witty server, Ann, that gave some great suggestions and phenomenal service. Kudos to her! I'll be back for sure! One of my favorite places!"THAT'S a roux!"
Great cocktails, delicious food, we even like their beets. And that quote should tell you about their gumbo.This is a great neighborhood spot! We were staying close by and walked there. We had the burger, wedge salad, and crispy broccoli. The broccoli was breaded and delicious, even though it was different than what I was thinking covering. It was a little like Japanese tempura, but with less batter. Burger was delicious! The wedge salad was good but not big enough for an entree (in my opinion). Family friendly, lots of kiddos there!Oh my goodness. This place is so delicious, I don't know where to begin. We went here for a quick lunch. My mother-in-law recommended it, and even though we had never heard of it, we gave it a shot. The high hat burger is amazing! Cooked to perfection, added bacon, the tastiness that is the pimento cheese on top was too great. The fries were hand-cut epicness. Our waitress was very nice, we never needed to flag her down, she knew when to be at our table. I will definitely be coming here whenever I'm in the mood for an out of this world burger at a reasonable price and I will also recommend to anyone wanting a quick and casual lunch or dinner.Went for brunch yesterday and had the pork debris and the oyster soup. I thought both were "ok" but I had a bite of one of my friends burgers with Nueske's bacon and it was great.  I think Nueske's bacon should be on everything...everywhereI've eaten at High Hat twice.  Both times I've had the catfish.  Although I am happy for the renaissance of Freret Street, it is hard to really like any of these businesses (other than Publiq House).  I kind of feel like it 's hiptsterville invading in New Orleans, which makes me sad.
The place is done like a "traditional Southern diner" and of course has a mixology full bar with fancy microbrew beers.
The fried catfish is pretty good.  The pimento Mac & Cheese (what's the deal with pimento?!?) is ok.
The people I've dined with who got the pimento burger like it and apparently the fried chicken is very good.
The restaurant is VERY expensive for what you are getting.  As others have noted, for this price range, there are many, many other options in New Orleans.  I'm sure I will be back many times in the future, but not by choice.Best sweet tea in the city!!! Try the fried donut with ice cream!!!!Mostly delicious fare save the dry hush puppies.  unlike the usual sweet ones, these have no sugar to make them delicious.Although the atmosphere and staff were great, I was not completely satisfied with the menu or food. I ordered the pork and Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was great, but a very dingy serving for comfort food. I was most dissatisfied with the pork. There was very little edible pork. My plate had mostly fat. When I was finished, my plate as if I hadn't actually ate the pork because there was so much fat. 
Also the place is rather small, and it was crowded on a Tuesday night. Maybe I'm just not that into it.The waitress and I bonded over pimento cheese dreams. (We both have them.) High Hat is that kind of place. 
My Midwestern lover is a diner fan, and I'm a Southern girl who discovered diners on the east coast. I'm always game for introducing a new kind of diner into our lives, and High Hat was an attempt to do just that. I actually planned a visit to High Hat to ease some of the cultural shock of being in New Orleans instead of Ohio. It worked! 
The food is not cheap, but the quality is high. It's also a matter of choosing wisely. For example, we recently ate a lazy lunch for $30 by splitting the pimento cheese/pickle platter, watermelon salad, and red beans. This, friends, is what I have dreams about. This, friends, is the most right way to pass a lazy July scorcher of an afternoon. Spreading pimento cheese on toast, watching bicyclists pass by, and sipping beer...it cannot get better than that. 
And yet, it does. Pickled okra, a bartender that's always up to something exciting, and fresh pie on the menu every day makes High Hat worth a visit. 
The service is a little...bossy? But I get the impression that's the vibe High Hat is going for. A little bossy, a little brusk, making you earn a smile...but when you earn one, boy howdy is that a good smile! 
My partner would like to note that the space gets extra loud and echoes in ways that make him uncomfortable, but the pie is so good that he will overlook those things. 
Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Doors open in. High bar.We went for the fried chicken, but it was the wrong day. So, we ordered Fried Catfish and a burger. Both were done very well and seasoned to perfection. The sides were amazing. Mac and pimento cheese, plus the cheese grits. Delicious! Also we had the sweet potato pie which was great! I totally recommend this place.The BBQ shrimp was good but didn't have enough kick. The cheese grits were delicious and had a nice char of cheese right on top. Portion size seemed to vary wildly between the many dishes that were ordered at the table, with some being quite plentiful, while others needed an extra side for a filling meal.Just had lunch here. Best catfish in town. Cole slaw was good. The fries changes depending on your visitation but still good. Parking could be difficult but if you love catfish, it's worth it.This place does regional dishes really well. And because it's off the beaten tourist path (in a neighborhood near Tulane), they don't overcharge for it. Catfish and hush puppies are just about perfect. Gulf fish is done right. We had lip smacking deserts - Blood Orange Meringue pie, Chocolate Chess Pie and a donut topped with ice cream.Was headed to Freret St.  to try Company Burger, only to find out it was closed on Tuesdays.  Ended up at High Hat because it was down the street, and all the tables were packed.  Not hard to figure out why. The food and service is tremendous.  Owner Chip Apperson was working the floor ( now there's a novel concept....an owner that actually works his or her restaurant).  Catfish was thinly sliced, perfectly cooked, and served with real french fries.  Slap yo mama.   I was in town on biz and  asked Chris for his recommendation of where to find the best crawfish boil.  He recommended Seifers.  Spot on again.  I'll be back the next time I'm in NOLA.On a recent rendezvous to New Orleans, my cousins (Nola locals) recommended we stop by High Hat for a late lunch. Did it help that we know the chef? Yes. But the food was too good not to Yelp about. And I'm not bias. 
The atmosphere is simple and reminiscent of a old school southern diner. We started with an appetizer plate of deviled eggs, pimento cheese, picked veggies, meat spreads and toast points. Seriously, some of the best pimento cheese I've ever had. The chef brought out a seasonal special to share, which was a field pea salad with marinated crab claws and fried onions. I could not. Stop. Eating it. It was so delicious that my 14-month-old ate an entire helping herself! If this is on the menu, it's a must order and even great for sharing or an appetizer alone. 
I'm not sure how late they normally serve brunch on the weekends, but it was around 2pm and the chef recommended we try the cornmeal pancakes and the corned beef hash. My husband devoured the pancakes, along with my toddler. Paired with maple syrup, it was the perfect savory yet sweet dish. But the highlight for me was the corned beef hash topped with a fried egg. Seriously. So decadent with a complex palette! 
To top it all off, we got a slice of the homemade pumpkin pie, apple pie and ginger (I think) donut with ice cream for dessert. All were equally delicious, but the warm apple pie was my favorite. 
I've never visited the Freret neighborhood, but it seems to be an upcoming area full of bars and restaurants. Refreshing too, if you're used to the normal touristy spots in the Quarter or on Magazine. Take a step off the beaten path, and Uber it to Freret St. to visit High Hat when you're in town!I had dinner here last night and the food was OK. I had the boudin for appetizers, which I definitely recommend! For entree, I had the bbq gulf shrimp with braised greens. .. The waitress says this is a customer favorite, but I was disappointed. It did not live up to my expectations and tasted nothing like bbq...seems like they just dunked some shrimps into some creole sauce, which was really salty. My friend had the half chicken with string beans. .. The chicken was a bit dry, but the green beans were really good. The jack Daniels ice cream was dessert is a must!!Had lunch at this wonderful little restaurant. 
Specials were diverse and food was excellent. Have eaten at this place several months ago and the food was excellent. Back in town and thought I would try it again and it didn't disappoint. Service was great and food was hot and fairly quick.I've been to New Orleans a total of 12 times. I've done a lot of the restaurants in the more touristy areas, namely the French Quarter. This time I was looking for something a little more off the beaten path, and what a gem I found! We got there at 11 am on a Sunday just as the restaurant opened. My husband and I were in a mood to share and taste multiple menu items we had heard great things about from other Yelpers. I started off with their house lemonade which was quite welcomed on this hot & muggy day. Best lemonade I've ever had. Serious. Not too sweet and not too tart, but the perfect balance of both! (I even got a free refill in a to go cup to take in the car.) Then we ordered a cup of gumbo, and the BBQ Shrimp entree with the Pimento Mac & Cheese as the side item. The gumbo was excellent with big hunks of chicken and andouille, and spiced just right. It had a darker roux than I typically see in a restaurant, which I love! The Mac & cheese was not your kraft Mac & cheese out of a box; this stuff was made with love. Or at least some high quality cheese. It was creamy and just plain good. My hubby, who detests Mac & cheese actually liked it! The best part was the BBQ Shrimp, and I may never eat them on Bourbon St ever again. The sauce is made with Abita Turbodog, the shrimp are HUGE, and it comes with soft French bread for soaking up all that sauce. Once the bread was gone, I was eating the sauce with a spoon! Just as I thought I had no more room in my belly, my hubby ordered a slice of lemon ice box pie. I can actually die having LIVED because I have had this pie. I can't even describe the crust, it was just so light and perfect. The creamy goodness of the pie filling, much like the lemonade, was just the right amount of tart and sweet. All in all, I have a new found favorite restaurant that we will be visiting on every trip to the Big Easy!Overall, food was enjoyable but nothing spectacular. Their watermelon mint lemonade was good and their fried catfish plate was okay. Not the tastiest but still enjoyable.I convinced my sister (who isn't and never will be as cool as me) to join me for lunch.  I actually thought I was going into Ancora, but they weren't even open for lunch so we ordered anyway. I'm hazy on what month it was, but I know it was summer and Ancora hadn't opened for business yet, so maybe they were in the throes of establishing the restaurant.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and my sister had the shrimp po' boy. My pulled pork was good, but I thought it was overpriced for the size and the fact that I can get a pulled pork sandwich elsewhere with a side included for cheaper or the same price made it underwhelming.  I asked sis how was the po' boy and she responded "Mom makes better fried shrimp".  I tasted.  Yea my mama does make much better banging' shrimp.  We  had a side of fries, which were tasty but not enough of 'em for $3 and okra, which we both agreed my other sister makes waaay better.  Because the menu is mainly food I can get in my kitchen or any other restaurant round town, it was underwhelming and overpriced $3-$4 per plate.  Charging $10 for an average sandwich and $3 extra for sides for typical NOLA food makes me think the owner is an "outsider" who just doesn't get it.  I continued looking around the menu and there was a Berkshire pork chop with 2 sides for $18. Yea, I get it-Berkshire pork.  But at the end of the day it's still a pork chop plate if you ain't gone do nothing special like add a fancy sauce or pair it with peruvian purple potatoes. Why on God's green earth would I pay $18 when I can go down the street to Freret Donuts and get a pork chop plate with sides AND a drank (yea I said drank) for $10??  For dessert they had Lemon ice box pie for $6.  I said to myself "Self, maybe it's a huge ass piece of ice box pie".  Well the guy next to us ordered it and it wasn't.  Just a regular sliver.  And why am I SO outraged at $6 for a slice of pie?!? Cuz everyone who is old school knows ice box pie is a whole lotta lemon juice, condensed milk, and maybe an egg or two (depending on who you ask), mixed then put in a pie crust in the fridge to firm up and that's it. So $6 for something you not even taking the Kitchen Aid mixer out for is pretty Ridonculous. It's not like they made the condensed milk from scratch (I send my utmost apologies if they indeed did make it from scratch).
The whole thing was "menh".  The people in there either don't cook, aren't from here, or don't get it, cuz they food was aight but not for the price.  Either that or they need to hire my mom and sister to "put their foot in it".One of my favorite places in NOLA. I come here every time I visit; breakfast, lunch and dinner are incredible and the service isn't overbearing or negligible. Just right. Literally anything you order will be delicious but I highly recommend the cornmeal pancakesThis place was definitely on my list to try.  I looked over their menu and they had the most unusual/unconventional pairings, but they all looked mouth watering and appetizing. I decided to check it out on a Tuesday afternoon, my waitress told me I was in luck because of their Fried Chicken special. Their fried chicken special came with four pieces of fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, and their string beans with smoked turkey.  All very very good.  The waitress did inform me that their fried chicken is one of the more popular items on the menu and told me I wouldn't be disappointed....so I tried it.  Although the fried chicken wasn't out-of-this-world fantastic.....it was good.  I have definitely had better fried chicken, but High Hat Cafe held their own....Now their macaroni and cheese....was hands down the best mac n cheese I have had in New Orleans to date. I'm not playing y'all.  My server was attentive and very helpful.  The ambiance was on chill and laid back - I loved it.  The food was good, but that mac and cheese....whew!! Please excuse me...I'm having flashbacks...lol. I did try their desert of the day....some type of blueberry and peach pie...didn't strike my fancy in other words...didn't like it, but you know what I did like...I mean love?!?! I fell in love with their watermelon lemonade.  I mean neva in my life have I had something so refreshing and just so...so...good!   I had 3 cups it was that good.  I am coming back y'all and I plan on telling everybody.I really like this place, and end up bringing out of town guests here often.  It is a great example of some old school New Orleans food, updated and made more modern.  I love the shrimp po boys, and the catfish.  The green beans are simply amazing.  However, the one dish that is above any other is their fried chicken.  It is a special that is only available on certain nights, but it it well worth it.  A 1/2 chicken deep fried and perfectly seasoned.  
Well done.Just like my daddy used to make!  The BEST catfish, hush puppies, and fries.  If you are visiting NOLA, take a cab, take Uber, or rent a car...this restaurant is a MUST.   
The food is served hot.  The catfish is clean and fresh.  We usually split meals, but this was so good... we ordered a second round. 
Our waitress, Catherine, was kind, courteous, professional, quick, attentive, and spot on with her suggestion of creating a dipping dish of the vinegar and red pepper infusion.  
Chip, the owner, is kind and attentive to all of his customers, and a joy to converse with. 
We look forward to our next visit!Omg! The mac & cheese, the cheese fries was so delicious! It was my first time here. There was no line . We didn't have to wait 30 minutes to an hour, on a Friday! The service was good. I will be back. Everybody was thoroughly satisfied.Absolutely loved this place! I had the rosemary ginger iced tea and it was delicious. Just sweet enough and the right amount of ginger so it wasn't too spicy. I had the fried catfish basket with hush puppies and green beans. Great price and ate my plate clean! The only thing that was kind of annoying to me was that the waitress, she wasn't very kind. Wasn't very welcoming so it came off a little rude. Especially when she didn't offer the cocktail menu to us and took it away from us when it was on the table. Don't remember her name but I know my friends and I look young but we are over 21 years old. She wasn't very attentive to our table and it would have been understandable if it was crowded but it was a Monday night so not very crowded. Would definitely go back because the food was sooo good!The pimento cheese burger is one of the best in the city. Pimento cheese on its own- meh. The apple pie with Jack Daniel's ice cream is amazing (one of the best things I have eaten in the city in awhile.) Tamales and market salads are very good. The oyster soup is too hammy for my taste, the vegetable plate is not great. The catfish is good but not Middendorf's good. The service is kind and attentive. Love the retro southern cafe feel.Start with the sampler plate that features deviled ham, pimento cheese, and their specialty pickles. One time I had pickled watermelon rinds; another time I had pickled beets. Paired with the cheese and ham on toast points, this is the perfect starter app. Everything is perfect.
Get the fried chicken. It is amazing!!!!
Another great is the Little Fat Daddy. It's not on the menu but if memory serves me correctly, it's a fried oyster poboy topped with their pork debris. Messy but it satisfies your cravings for both surf and turf.We stayed at a hotel near by. Walking around we happened upon this place. Probably the best food we had while in New Orleans. Food was great and cocktails on point.One of my favorite restaurants. I love how the dishes on the menu are so creative and very delicious. The staff is very friendly, and the service is great. I try a different dish each time and I have never had anything I didn't like. The slow roasted pork with green beans is my favorite.I am so sorry to write this review, I come here quite often. Lately I have been disappointed in the quality. I can get fresher, tastier fries at Burger King, mine on the catfish dinner were perhaps twice cooked with a third of them being outside skinny and over cooked pieces. The catfish were skimpy in size as well and cut long and very, very  thin. The hush puppies were overcooks and perhaps cooked ahead of time and just dipped in the oil once more before slamming them on the plate.  Someone needs to have a word with the cook these cost cutting methods are shameful. I know you can do better. The mac and cheese is fabulous and I do love the pickles they make. The BBQ shrimp is pretty amazing and generally they are  large delicious shrimp. One thing for sure the fried chicken is excellent. And oh yes, the bar service is silly slow. I love the people, and will try again soon.One of my goals during my trip to Nola was to try bbq shrimp... since our uber driver was highly recommending it. In my head I imagined sweet and sticky grilled shrimp. Instead I was amazed at the complex tangy, smoky, savory garlic flavor!! Ouu and dip the soft french bread in the sauce. I wanted to lick my plate clean. Regrets not ordering the entree size. I'm not over it yet and its been a month since I've visited. I'm salivating as I write this post. Def worth the longer than avg cab ride from my airbnb/french quarter area. Other good things I tried: the sides platter with mac n cheese, greens, tomato and okra !! Yummy.A great neighborhood corner joint. The good is standard quality in a city filled with unparalleled choices. 
Gumbo has a nice dark roux and great depth of flavor with generous chicken and sausage cooked to tender perfection. 
Burgers are a nice quality beef that is shaped well but not packed tight. 
Fresh margaritas are in the small side. Donut with ice-cream for dessert was old fashioned delicious. 
Nice flooring and square tables. Noise level fine for conversation. Has the feel of an upscale diner.I had been hearing good things about High Hat and finally decided to go one day for an early dinner.  I'm talking blue hair 5:00 sharp early bird.  When you have a young one like we do, it's no fun to be in a crowded restaurant and have your child experience a meltdown.  Therefore, we like to go to dinner early if we cannot get a babysitter. (For the record, when our boy wants out of his high chair and starts "vocalizing", I take him outside so as not to disturb everyone.  But I digress.
We walked into a nearly empty restaurant, which was great for us.  We took a table next to the window so we could "people watch" on Freret Street as we ate.  The decor was definitely casual and the place had an old school feel.  The original ceramic mini drugstore like tile floor was reminiscent of older times as was the huge wooden bar.
Our waitress, whose name escapes me, was super nice and patient as we looked over the menus.  I was undecided as to whether I should try the slow roasted pork, or go for the vegetable plate, where I could try 3 side items and get a piece of cornbread.  Ultimately, I opted for the vegetable plate and ordered 1) the pimento mac & cheese, 2) the green beans with applewood bacon, and 3) the braised greens.  We also got an order of the fried catfish, which came with fresh hand cut fries, cole slaw and hush puppies. 
While we waited for our food, I observed the bartender (Ryan) who was mixing things in beakers and using swizzle sticks like scientist.  He could see my interest and was more than willing to tell me all about the bar.  Ryan stated that High Hat makes all their own bitters, sodas, tinctures, triple secs and liqueurs.  How cool is that?  I'll tell you how cool.  He gave me three samples (FREE) of some of his hand crafted liqueurs.  The 1st was cucumber and although I'm no cucumber fanatic, this liqueur was good.  The 2nd one, which I do not recall, was a little better than the 1st.  The 3rd sample was a liqueur called falernum, and it was incredible.  Falernum is a "sweet syrup used in Caribbean and tropical drinks. It contains flavors of almond, ginger and/or cloves, and lime, and sometimes vanilla or allspice."  It was sweet, but had a little kick at the end to remind you that this was no store bought schnapps; and I highly recommend it.  In fact, even if you're not hungry, go check out the bar scene.
 Right around this time, as I was beginning to buzz, my waitress brought me a sample of the slow cooked pork, as she knew I was torn over my food order.  I'll say right now that this was the most tender pork I have ever eaten.  For all you sushi eaters, this is the "toro" of porks, as it nearly melted in my mouth. I know next time, this s what I'll be getting.
The fried catfish was served as strips and breaded perfectly, and I mean perfectly with a cornmeal crust.  It was served piping hot and tasted delicious.  However, there simply wasn't enough fish.  In fact, it wasn't even enough for my wife, who only weighs 110 pounds and eats like a bird.  If I had ordered this as my meal, I would have been mad.   The hand cut fries were hot and fresh and the slaw was crisp and cool.  Thank goodness the slaw was't flooded with mayonnaise as that is a deal breaker for me.  The hushpuppies were uneventful, but the cornbread was a real disappointment. It was bland, dry and not at all hot enough. 
The braised greens were rather uneventful too.  They were not bad; however, they just didn't make me want to get them again.  And I do love me some greens.  The green beans with bacon were very good, as bacon can make any dish great.  The pimento mac & cheese was off the hook.  It was loaded with cheesy goodness, had a nice crust on the top and was gone in 60 seconds or less.
For dessert, we split a butterscotch pecan pie with a Jack Daniel infused vanilla ice cream.  Let's just say that this may be some of the best pecan pie ever, and the Jack Daniels ice cream, while noticeably alcoholic, was not over the top strong.  Do yourself a favor and order this if you are there.
All in all, I left High Hat with a good overall feeling.  Good enough to go back.  However, next time, I plan to sit at the bar, order small plates or side items, get another piece of that pecan pie, consume lots of liqueurs and get a designated driver or taxi to take me home in a food / liqueur induced stupor.High Hat hits the mark on all fronts...food, drinks, atmosphere, service...just an all-around GREAT dinner experience. We were a party of 4, and were made to feel welcome right away by the staff, who were all super friendly and warm. The drink menu is great, although as a nondrinker I stuck with the home-made fresh ginger ale, which was fabulous...I bet the cocktails made with it are amazing. For appetizers, I highly recommend the pimento cheese plate, which comes with pickled veggies and deviled ham and toast points. for entree, I had the flat-top grilled catfish, and it was definitely the best catfish I have ever had in my life...seriously it was amazingly tasty and perfectly cooked. The hush puppies I got for the side were good, but I would probably try something else next time. And finally, the pies...ridonkulous! We tried 3 different kinds and they were delicious. I LOVE this restaurant, and we consider it one of our best dining experiences in New Orleans, and that's saying something...Stumbled onto this place after trying to avoid the French Quarter. 
Best. Detour. Ever. 
Ordered the fried oyster po-boy and high hat burger. The crispy broccoli special and rosemary lemonade were the cherry on top! 
The service was informed and to the point. They don't dress up what they do. They just state it matter of factly.
All in all, a charming restaurant with excellent southern cuisine. Well worth the drive!!The food here is very good.  For lunch, it's a tad pricey - most everything is in the $10 - $20 price range. The pimento mac and cheese is awesome! The fried chicken and roasted chicken are top notch.  They tend to take a while if you're limited on time.The service was awful, took over an hour to get our food. Waitress was rude and had attitude.Great service, good drinks, okay food.
Like the majority of restaurants in NOLA, High Hat had very personable service. Since good service is the default here, restaurants really need to stand out with their food. And in a extremely competitive market, High Hat's food was below average for me.
I wanted to enjoy this Freret gem so much! We came looking for Fried Chicken, but they didn't serve it during Sunday dinner. I got the Fried Catfish instead. Breading was not crispy enough, and the dish was forgettable.
The sides were somewhat redeeming. Apple-smoked Bacon Green Beans were ridiculously enjoyable with great bacon flavor. The Pimento Mac & Cheese was good. The side of plain bacon was of noticeably low quality though - thin cut, fatty, off taste.
The Delta Hot Tamales our waiter raved about were probably the worst tamales I've had. To be fair though, all the other tamales I've eaten were made by little old Hispanic ladies. You can't imitate that.
The dessert special was probably my favorite part. Warm Apple Honey Pie w/ housemade Jack Daniels Ice Cream. The honey was great in the pie and the ice cream was unique, creamy, and a great pairing.
With this spread of high highs and low lows, I would find it hard pressed to visit High Hat again. There's just too much good food in this city.I fully expect High Hat to be 4 stars soon enough but they are still working some things out. Like everyone else, I am so glad to see Freret doing what it's doing and I love that this building used to be Antoine's Bakery.
To start, I had a glass of wine, which I thought was actually a pretty stingy pour.  I wish they had a cocktail menu but that's just my preference. We ordered the pimento cheese and it was delicious but the dry bread they served it with was lame. Our server told us it was great on fries so we ordered some and they were fantastic on their own, made even better with the pimento cheese. I think I'll make fried potatoes with pimento cheese on them for the Saints season opener. 
For my entree, I had the crab and tomato salad. The crab didn't really have too much taste but LORD were those tomatoes good!!!! My BF was happy with his Cuban but I thought it was very small and for the love of God, you can't throw some fries on a plate when a sandwich is ordered? At least some chips? I think that's kinda cheap.  To finish, we had the banana chocolate bread pudding, which I was excited about because I thought it might be like the chocolate-bananas foster king cake I made for my rained out Endymion party. It was not. Very dense and flavorless. 
The owners were super receptive about feedback, which I usually feel weird about giving but I think they really need it in this early phase of their venture. I'll be back for the pimento cheese burger.I have now been to Hi Hat several times and really wish I could scooch that rating to 4 1/2 stars as they get better and better. My gal and I recently visited for an impromptu dinner and were once again delighted. We split some pimento cheese grits to start (really, you could slather their homemade pimento cheese on the minutes from the latest round of Benghazi hearings and it would taste great) . Paige, flipping the script, got the vegetable trio (choice of three of their great sides)-braised greens, field peas and pimento cheese macaroni and cheese and all were fabulous and left my devoted meat eater quite sated. I tried the spicy seared gulf fish ( black drum) with shrimp & new potato hash (brilliant!) and we split a slice of strawberry pie which was delicious and neither too sweet nor viscous. Paige also gave high marks for her Ponchatoula strawberry mimosa and her nicely priced glass of Pinot (this Cali wine hater had to admit it was quite good and inexpensive). Hi Hat has become one of our go to's no matter what we crave.Highly recommend the cocktails.  One of the manager infuses his own special liqueurs that are fabulous.  I'm a sucker for the bev specials based on local fruit juices.
Usually I stay clear of fried, but the catfish plate is amazing and is my go-to meal.  Tender and lightly battered.
Ohhh- don't miss the Algiers Lime pie!One if my favorite restaurants in the city. My most recent experience was for my birthday last week. I ordered the chicken and waffles during brunch. It was hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. Paired with a bloody mary, I can say that I really enjoyed my meal; as usual! The staff is also amazing. In all my times being here I have never been disappointed once.I was extremely impressed by the service which i noticed right off the bat.   very good host and very good waitress.  
i got the shrimp creole.  it is not a dish i usually get but i was extremely pleased.  it was great.  you could taste how fresh every ingredient was, especially the shrimp.  spicy but not too spicy.    i got it with the side of pimento mac and cheese which was also very good and very creamy.  
my date got the reuben which was small but very good.  good fries too.  
the only down fall were the cocktails.  they by no means bad, we really liked them but their names and discriptions were better then they were.  no real complaints, but just a little deflated.
there are so many good places to eat on freret nowadays and high hat is def a place to not be over looked.
the people eating there were also elderly and local which i personally think gives it points as a legit place to go and not a yuppie college/transplant (myself) hangout.  
good place for sureGood things come to those who wait, and the wait is over.  You must go to the High Hat and experience a little bit of Memphis on Freret.  
After talking to the GM about no chicken fried steak on the menu (a valid concern), it became clear it's more Delta and less TX LA stateline.  And that's okay.
My kids enjoyed Gulf shrimp and catfish, while my wife enjoyed a veggie plate.  I went for the Cajun pork and fries and was truly impressed.
My 2 year old called the pork "turkey" if that gives you any indication of how well it was prepared.
We also enjoyed local brew from NOLA Brewing.  And closed it all out with a trio of desserts.  The donuts and ice cream (my kids' loved), the white chocolate banana bread pudding (just right), and the fruit crisp which lent an air of rhubarb (my fav).
Tonight was opening night.  It was well attended and the staff was on.  Very proud of this spot and where our little Freret is going - - -I have been here probably 3 or 4 times.
The craft cocktails ARE very good, and they're constantly mixing it up (by season) with different drink specials.  My favorite is the Old Fashioned.
The menu is pretty limited - mostly sandwiches and "comfort food", though everything I have had to eat has been very tasty.
I would say this is more of a lunch-time spot than dinner, unless you just really want to go simple for dinner.
I really enjoy the Cuban, and their burgers are very good also.
*** I wish they were open for breakfast.  I think they would really clean up because the Freret Street neighborhood is screaming for a quality breakfast / brunch spot.***I've been twice now, on two separate visits to the amazing city, and this is one of my fave spots to dine with the family. The staff is friendly and warm, and the food is to die for. Upscale diner-style food, and have never had anything that wasn't truly great. The cocktails are original and impressive, and the beer list is local and specialized if not massive. I started with the oyster-fennel and bacon soup, which featured massive oysters but a slightly thin broth. Enjoyed the Bullseye Bacon Cheeseburger on my last visit, an amazing and perfect burger with a fried egg on top, but this time the special was Fried Chicken, and so that's the way the majority of our party went. A half chicken and two sides, where I went with pimento mac & cheese and coleslaw. The mac and cheese itself was absolutely delicious, and would have been a killer meal on its own. Slaw was good, next time I would probably with greens. The chicken itself was amazing, and I'm really glad I got it. A slice of the special black-bottomed peanut pie with homemade Jack Daniels ice cream was an ideal meal ender. Worth checking out on your next visit - this place doesn't disappoint! Thanks for another great time!First timer.  Savannah, the bartender, was very nice and explained the good the bad and the ugly.  I will definitely be back.Institution ! Fried chicken is my fave ! It's not Willie Mae's chicken but it's still quality ! Bartenders and servers are top notch. Drinks are well made and healthy pours. It's always busy but never had to wait very long. Even during jazz fest.On a newly-opened street in Uptown NOLA, High Hat is a great place if you're looking for a classic cajun dinner outside of the heart of the town. The entire menu looked delicious and had lots of fish and meat options. Our meals (the blackened tuna special and cajun shrimp with grits) were lighter versions of typical southern cuisine, but just as tasty and with a kick. The person next to us ordered the burger, which made our mouths water, so order that if you go.
It was pretty well priced and casual. Great for families and sports-lovers because TVs were showing different games. Overall, good experience, but head to the heart of NOLA for more authentic food.Pretty good soul food. Pimento Mac and Cheese was to die for. BBQ Shrimp a little over cooked but good flavored r. Really good hush puppies and greens. Friendly staff.Great food. Great drinks. Great prices. The atmosphere could stand to be updated and the gumbo thickened. Overall I had a great experience and will be back.This place is so adorable! 
To start, I had a hibiscus iced tea. First let me say this- I HATE ICED TEA (hot yea is my thing), but my dining companion didn't know. Since I was thirsty, I tried it, and it gave me LIFE. This tea is everything and more.
For dinner, I had the veggie plate with okra and tomatoes, hush puppies, and meatless green beans. Although the food was good, the okra and tomatoes were awesome. I would go back for the tea and okra and tomatoes. 
The server was so patient, and she explained all the food and ingredients to us. She was understanding about our dietary needs. 
Overall,  this place is worth visiting if in Feret St.Went by today to try it out and was pleased to see a Saturday brunch menu. After a quick perusal, chicken and waffles was where it was at. 
The chicken was crisp and tasty, the waffle a waffle, and the syrup delicious. With a side of over easy eggs and cheese grits, I've reached my food intake limit. But it was quite worth it. Now to find somewhere to rest until game time. Who Dat!Had the fried oyster remoulade po-boy today and it was easily THE BEST po-boy I've ever had. I also had the pimento cheese grits as my side. The service was quick and very friendly. Will be back! :)The High Hat Burger is precisely what you need in your life! I am a fan of Port of Call but this is even better! I know hard to believe! PLUS you don't have the crazy wait or the exhaustive search for parking. Downside, you can't walk it off in the Quarter, but still nice sightseeing and window shopping to be done on Freret! :)The food was only mediocre, and certainly not worth the price. While the entrees are only in the $10-15 range, you have to pay a few bucks for a side, a few bucks for a drink, and the check quickly runs very high. I ordered a catfish, which was decent, but nothing special; the accompanying hush puppies however, were dry and rather bland. My husband's shrimp po boy was tiny. The bread pudding we split was highly disappointing. Considering the restaurant serves the same food you can find all over the city better prepared and much more reasonably priced, there is really very little to recommend the High Hat.