Nothing short of a five-star experience.  I stay in a lot of business class hotels, and this particular Hilton wowed me with both accommodations and some excellent New Orleans hospitality.  Doesn't hurt to have  a gorgeous view of the Mississippi River.  It is close to everything you will want to see in New Orleans.  Definitely plan to return!Don't waste your money. You will have better service at the Harrah or even a motel 6. 
The rooms are generic, and the customer service of the staff is horrible.I booked a room at the Hilton Riverside in an attempt to be close yet slightly outside of the French Quarter. The hotel is within a 10 minute walk from the Quarter, and is located directly across from Harrahs, which could hold its own against many of the Vegas casinos. Additionally, the Riverwalk (A large indoor mall) is accessible from within the hotel, which was convenient. For those who are opposed to walking, the Riverside Trolley stops at the Hotel and makes several stops parallel to Decatur St. The check in process was fine, and I had no complaints about the room, which was a recently renovated Riverside room facing the Mississippi. The maid service was satisfactory, the toiletries high-end and the concierge was helpful - this is your typical Hilton. However, if you do stay here, be prepared for fees - for EVERYTHING. I did not have a vehicle, and thus did not pay for parking, but those with cars will be delighted to know that parking is a mere $36 per night! Additionally, in a time when wifi is available free almost everywhere, including hotels, Hilton is charging $14.95 per night. Even the vending machines are victim to the gouging, as a 20oz bottle of soda is $3.00. I was actually quite surprised that they did not charge for the ice. If they were operating like a movie theatre, subsidizing the cost of the room by charging obscene amounts for everything else, that would be fine. But clearly, that is not so, as the room rate was definitely Hilton-esque. Finally, a word about the thermostat in the room: the lowest possible setting is 64F. Believe me - in New Orleans, you need that AC! However, after about 30 seconds, the set temperature is reset to 68F. My guess is that it is a cost saving measure, but it still seems like trickery!Well appointed, clean rooms, friendly staff.  It is a bit of a walk to the French Quarter or Jackson Square - it can be nice to be away from the chaos, but at the same time you miss some of the experience of being located more centrally.The rooms are outdated but the lobby is very nice and modern so when you get to your room you will be disappointed.  Dragos and decent bar food is available downstairs and you cannot beat the location.  Walking distance to the convention center for business during the day and walking distance to bourbon street or harrahs for the night.  I did like the executive hh for diamond members as it has great views and good food ...sometimes cooked by dragos.I was very impressed with the texting option. I really like the convenience of being able to ask questions via text. The staff was extremely nice, helpful and informed. The check out process was very easy and convenient. The hotel restaurant and store is a bit expensive but the food is delicious. I would have liked for my room to have an iron and closet but I did love that the room did have a refrigerator. I would highly recommend WiFi access in the rooms and other parts of the hotel other than the lobby area. It was kind of a hassle trying to connect to WiFi in that big hotel.Great location close to the French quarter and also convention center. Overlooks the river. Also, attached to Drago's, which is convenient and fairly decent. Front desk reception is nice and pretty quick. The hotel is on the older side and it really shows in the rooms. Housekeeping very inconsistent, and I had to call to ask for toiletries and towels multiple times. Also, a lot of ambient sound in the room, and the climate control is not the best. Also, park in the lot that is attached to the hotel (the sign reads Hilton, not the one that reads hotel); the secondary lot which is closest to the valet lot is dirty and not accessible for strollers, etc. Overall, a good option but a little rough around the edges.
Edit: also, there were not enough trash cans in the room.Nice hotel and clean. Enjoyed the stay. Huge hotel with Riverwalk mall at bottom level. Has GAP outlet which is a plus for me :)
Don't expect housekeeping bring you extra stuff per request. It'll never happen. I caught the housekeeper in the hallway and was able to get what I need though. This is why it's missing one star from me.
Overall the stay was great. Location awesome. Walking distance to French Quarter with nice view to the Mississippi River.Let me start off by saying my first day here was wonderful, love the staff... Day two was a different story. Woke up at 6am for a 19 hour work day and my shower would only spout out hot water and scolding hot water.... Called the front desk they said they would send a technician, I didn't have time to wait so I told them just to get someone up there to fix it before 8pm ....  Get back to my room at 830 pm,  shower still was not fixed!!!! They said they would send a technician right away, then I receive a call that there were two people ahead of me.... I had to be at an event by 930.  I told the manager all this information... And then had to suggest myself to switch my room because no working shower at a hotel is obviously unacceptable. They did honor my request and comp my points for the evening, keep in mind were diamond status ... But it didn't make it any less of a hassle having to pack EVERYTHING, move rooms and still get ready. I ended up being an hour late for my party. I expected some sort of phone call from the manager asking if I was happy with my new accommodations and NOTHING. Needless to say, I will NEVER stay at this Hilton property again.Great customer service and a good room with a great view of the Mississippi River.  The jazz dinner cruise boat sat outside my window but didn't cause problems. They have s nice fitness room and is directly connected to the Convention Center by way of the Riverwalk outlet mall which has steps from the hotel to the mall. Room service is expensive but prompt. The pool is clean and there amenities everywherestayed here for 5 nights recently, for a global conference i attended....
hadn't been in nola since that-which-must-not-be-named, as one local journalist called it....
hilton riverside is just outside the french quarter, across from harrah's (no, i didn't) and connects to riverwalk mall. great view from our room. the beds were lovely, the room was large, the bath was OK tho there was no exhaust fan to suck up the humidity from the shower.
one of the 2 phones in our room did not work. i reported it 3 times. no one ever came to see about it. but there were 6,000 of us in town....so maybe they were short-handed. ya think?
we infused more than $10 million into the local economy there, as well as raising another quarter million dollars while we were there, for funding specific local grant funds, as well as re-building the outdoor playground space at KIPP Central City Academy and Primary School which will be open this fall for the first time in 3 years..
anyway - this part of n'awlins is up & running - worth a visit and a stay, imo! this hilton connects with riverside, which connects with the ernest m. morial convention center, where our conference was held. walking distance, if it's not too hot & humid. you can also hoof it inside by following riverwalk.
www.savenolanow.comWe stayed at the Hilton as part of a package put together by Expedia; so our rate was very good.  The room was clean and very comfortable, quiet despite the Sugar Bowl fans in the halls, with great beds.  The concierges were the highlights of the stay though -- we got detailed advice from all of them; and really appreciated their suggestions and help.  But please, Mr. Hilton -- $ 63.00 is a lot for a week of WiFi, when all we really needed was a few minutes each evening.The first room we got was a little small but great view there was a stain that they were still trying to get out of the carpet when we arrived but they moved us to a bigger room with no view but we gladly accepted, not bad and everything is fairly walkableThis hotel offers one of the best locations in the city. It is right next to the Mississippi River, Harrahs Casino, and is a not too distant walk to the French Quarter. The hotel also offers up a fine restaurant in Dragos. The views range from the River to the city. Prices may vary and you might want prefer a hotel closer to the Quarter if you are planning a visit to party on Bourbon.We have stayed here in numerous occasions and have had no issues. Staff is courteous. The pricing can be higher, but you are paying for location. We always enjoy the walking distance to the Convention Center, Riverwalk, and the Aquarium.The rooms are large and clean. The mattresses seemed new, not saggy and very comfortable. Rooms with a good view are reserved for their Honors program guests, which was not me. You could hear the train horn from some rooms which will wake you up. Overall, I'd stay here again but make sure I was eligible for some type of perks.So after a terrible experience (see previous review) I sent a "feedback requested" report to the central Hilton customer service. I immediately got a computer generated review that pointed out that all complaints are sent back to the hotel where they occurred. Needless to say I have heard nothing since. I am not surprised for it took 30 minutes to get someone to answer the front desk phone when I was trying to leave the garage after having paid my parking at the front desk and my key would no longer activate the gate. In truth, this is a poorly run, badly managed, overpriced, understaffed scam. Travellors, vacation people, even conventioneers should avoid it....ALERT!!!...AVOID!!!...AVOID!!!!...AVOID!!!!....and the HIlton brand in my mind is forever tarnished. They clearly to not maintain universal standards and control. This hotel has slipped through the cracks and should be reported to the tourist bureau. I would assume however that they probably have this agency in their pocket as well so the safer part of valor is avoid it.I stayed here for a convention. My room, in the main tower, was large and nicely appointed. 
I've generally had good experiences at Hilton Hotels, but not here.  The issue was not the facility, but service, which was uniformly poor. I wonder if the staff is underpaid or ill-managed; they seemed to dislike their own customers.
The catering staff were thoughtless, didn't listen and talked down to me. They splashed salad dressing across my salad despite my protests, and then removed the plate while I was begging to keep it. My tight schedule prevented me from escalating this so I left hungry. Colleagues dining at my table were mortified. 
Avoid the business center on the second floor. The person who staffed it should be replaced with someone who is helpful.Good grief. Another city, another Hilton hotel. What more is there to write that hasn't already been written about all the other hotels I've stayed at over the past six months? 
http://bit.ly/10baBsy
Let's start with the biggest advantage of this hotel - location. The Hilton Riverside is perfectly located if you are attending a convention at the New Orleans Convention Center. You quite literally walk out the front door, take a left and walk about 100 yards to the Convention Center entrance. It's close enough that if you want to take a break from your convention during the day, you can easily walk back to your room for some down time. The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Bourbon Street and all the nonsense and foolishness taking place in the French Quarter. Also, there's a casino across the street if you enjoy pissing away your hard earned money.
The hotel itself is perfectly fine -- pretty much your standard issue Hilton hotel. My nightly rate was $225, part of a package with the convention I was in town attending. 
Orienting when you first enter is a bit odd because the registration is on the second floor, a poorly signed escalator ride from the main entrance. Also poorly signed was the registration line for Hilton Honors members. I arrived at a busy time for checking in (around 4:30PM) and jumped into what I thought was the only main line. It was only after quite a lengthy wait that I noticed a small, poorly located sign for a separate HHonors line. 
My room was on the third floor of what I assume is the older (or maybe original) building. Easy to get to and without requiring an elevator ride. Although I didn't explore, the hotel is huge, with a tower that must hold hundreds of rooms. The website claims the fitness facility is 90,000 sq. ft. and event space is 130,000 sq. ft. It's remarkable to me that the fitness space would 70% as large as the event space. I wish I had checked that out. There are also a couple of pools, a fact that was verifiable just by the chlorine smell that filled the hallway of my wing. The room itself was standard Hilton - two double beds, average TV (some HD channels), paid wifi, etc. It was clean and stocked with enough towels. There was really nothing extraordinary about it on either end of the spectrum. 
I had breakfast one morning at the Le Croissant restaurant, a small lunch another day at the Spirits Bar and ordered some dessert from room service one night. The breakfast service at Le Croissant was attentive and personable. The buffet offered a great assortment, was reasonably priced (as far as hotel buffets go -- $20), and my coffee cup was kept full without having to ask for a refill. The lunch service at the bar on the other hand, was a train wreck. I had to remind the server three times of what I ordered (house salad with Thousand Island dressing and fries) which was baffling and frustrating. Even more frustrating was that it took about 40 minutes for those two simple items to arrive. I watched as people who arrived after me received their full lunch orders well ahead of mine. The room service was friendly and prompt, but as is the case with all room service, incredibly expensive. A slice of carrot cake, a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a glass of milk was $40.
Looking at the Yelp averages, with 99 reviews (this will be the 100th), the Hilton Riverside is averaging out at 3.5 stars and I'd stay that's exactly right. But, since Yelp doesn't allow individual half stars, I'm rounding down to three stars. I would stay here again, but I wouldn't necessarily be excited about it.One of the worst experiences I've ever had. We were told we would get special prices on the rooms because we were on the American steamship Cruise Line. That was Lie number one, and the front desk clerk  refused  to tell us what the prices where we were supposed to get . Is she booked us for one day  with a river view  and said that we have to move to a different room the next day .  We said we didn't want to  pay the extra $35 to stay in the same room  and  she then tells us  that the less expensive room  is the exact same price  as what we're paying for the better room. To top it off we had to ask her to repeat everything multiple times because she never spoke loud enough that we could hear over the background noise.
 We leave the room at 10 a.m. in the morning and come back at 4 and the room still hasn't been serviced. At the price they're getting for these rooms the service should be a hell of a lot better than it is. My wife went to the concierge desk for some help and before she could even start talking the concierge says let me interrupt you first and then talk to us in a condescending voice about what we have to do since we're on the cruise. Overall one of the worst experiences I've had in a hotel and based on this it's most likely I'll never stay at a Hilton again.Love the location! Easy walk to the French Quarter! Love that there is a huge indoor three level mall below the hotel. Drago's restaurant is in the hotel and I enjoy the river view. The gym is a bit if a hike to get over to and it's not included in your stay. The room is very clean and nicely decorated!Very nice room. We stayed in the building closest to the river. The rooms were large and updated. This is a huge conference hotel on the river. It's about a 15 min walk to the quarter. The beds were good, not too hard. A fine place to stay but not a quarter hotel.The staff is friendly and efficient. However, the hotel needs to be updated. It looks old, carpets looks old as well as the decorations. They could benefit from hiring an interiror designer... definitely!  The room is really clean (no complains about it). Best feature of the hotel is... Dragos restaurant. It's a sin if you don't try the place.I booked via Priceline on a bid. At first I was upset because the price I paid, for just a few hundred I could have been at the French Quarter. In the end, I'm glad I came here. The hotel is in a great what looks like a business area. Staff was friendly. Rooms were clean. No complaints. As many have mentioned, it's a short walk from the mall next door, a gambling facility across and French Quarter is walking distance away. 
I would have loved if this hotel offered a spa service. I was recommended a massage place 15 minutes away but I ended up not going.It feels like a motel inspite of the price. There is no microwave in the room, nothing in the fridge (no minibar). Fitness center is not included in the rom rent. Housekeeping keep knocking on the door (additional 3 times) inspite of already having done the room - makes me suspicious about what they are up to.More closer to a 3.5 stars.  
This place is very large, and the location is decent, and if you don't mind walking, its a few blocks from both Burbon and Canal St.  It is located across the street from Harrah's Casino, one street over from the riverside, and has many tasteful restaurants within walking distance.
For all you non-driving travelers, its extremely easy to grab a cab at this place, and the wait won't be more than 2-3 minutes.  There is also a tram station right next door.  If you're driving, there is more than enough parking in the car garage next door.    
The best thing about this place is that it has just about everything you'll need.  2 restaurants inside, ATM, a small deli, accessible microwaves, great customer service, banquet rooms, a Best Buy vending machine (YUP!!!), and small baby goats.  IT HAS EVERYTHING, but the experience of New Orleans, so get your hungover self up and go outside.  
This is a pretty good place to rest your head.This is a nice hotel on the river. My room faced the river, but the Windows were dirty so I wasn't able to enjoy the view. It's a great location if you're going to the convention center, it's attached to the Riverwalk outlet mall and close to Harrah's casino. It's about a 20 minute walk to the FQ and Bourbon street.i just have a question, what is up with the lady who answers the phone when our room key wont allow us to return to the parking garage.  y'all need to fire her, or i'm gone need her to do better.  other than that i'm having a good time.They staff was helpful and extremely speedy. I attend conferences all over and this location had the package out for me in under 2 mins. Also convenient hours during the week for pick up 7-7 m-fChecked into the hotel at 11 pm had to check out 15 mins later because of roaches in the room, got another room woke up with a nose bleed because the AC in the rooms doesn't work .asked for a fan to get told when check out time is. And I have the room booked for 3 days total .By far the worst hotel I've ever been too in my life.The room was spacious and clean, no complaints. A con is the gym hours which closes exactly at 9pm, too early for my liking with working late hours - something to note, if you leave anything at the gym, the elevator to the gym's 6th floor locks so it becomes a hassle to retrieve your items. Also, can the Hilton please provide adult sized, non outer-space like trash cans in the bathrooms? Perhaps this is to encourage people not to have trash or these may be sponsored by StarTrek. I don't understand. I did however like the Starbucks on the 2nd floor and the fact that a trolley is nearby (15 feet from the entrance?) into the city ($1.50 one way or $3.00 day pass).It was Christmas and my parents 35th Wedding Anniversary celebration. The stakes were high and Hilton Riverside messed up. Their make-up set the gold standard that all companies should aspire to in customer service.
I ordered $100 in room service to surprise my parents when they checked in. Hilton mixed up the rooms and delivered the room service to the wrong room. From the moment I called, Hilton said they would make this right and boy did they.
They delivered the original $100 in room service alongside two complimentary breakfasts for my parents and they refunded my original $100. This reaffirmed my choice to go Hilton when I do travel for business. 
My parents felt spoiled and I used the $100 (and then some) I saved on room service to get my parents an extra night at the Hilton.
Thanks for saving Christmas and understanding the high stakes and delivering beyond my expectations on the second attempt.I'm a Hilton Honors Diamond, so stay at Hilton and other hotels several times a year. 
I was very disappointed with the level of service (or lack thereof) at this hotel, and would not recommend.
I tried contacting the manager, who never bothered to contact me back.I came to New Orleans for a conference and stayed at the Hilton. It was clean and comfortable with very friendly staff. The building itself was hard to navigate because it is such a big property and there weren't any posted maps. The first two days I was on site, I frequently wandered the halls until I found the place I was looking for or a staff member to ask. It connects to the Riverwalk outlet mall, which is great. The hotel is close to all of the major tourist sites in the French Quarter area. I got to see a lot of the city on foot, which was very convenient.
I am giving the hotel three stars because of the parking situation. When I finally found the driveway of the hotel, I was told that it was valet only. Upon check in, I asked about the price and they stated it was $49 for valet and $44 for self park. At that point, I figured I would pay an additional $5 for the convenience of valet, though I realized I should have done my homework about parking prices prior to booking. The desk clerk then told me that the conference I was attending at the hotel had a special price of $20 for self- park. I promptly changed my vehicle from valet to self park. When I got the room bill at the end of my stay, they had charged me $44/day for parking. I went to the front desk to remind them about the $20 conference price and the clerk indicated that because my room wasn't registered with the conference block, the rate didn't apply to me and they couldn't change the price because parking is handled by a third party vendor. Long story short, I put some effort in to saving $100 for parking, but ended up paying almost $200. I felt a bit annoyed because I feel that they should have honored the discounted price they initially shared with me.Great location. Streetcars are right outside the front doors. 
Our hotel room was HOT! It was COLD outside! I set the thermostat to 64 yet it stayed at 70 or above during our stay. I'll never stay here again. I can't stand being hot!UPDATE: Spoke w Brock at the front desk upon check out and he was awesome! Made up for the rest of the rudeness.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
3 stars for the central location for tourists. 1 star for customer service. Food was not good so we Uber eats. Service is literally THE WORSE. Every person that knocked on our door was snarky as if we had done something wrong? (They didn't refill our coffee supplies so we asked for it.)
Television wasn't working. Constantly had freezes. We stayed here for convenience, next year for Jazzfest, it's Air BnB.I got married here this weekend! First of all, Beth Tusa and I worked together for over a year. She is absolutely amazing, kind, straightforward, and loving! I am going to miss her! The whole staff was exceptionally accommodating. They took care of all our out of town guests and treated everyone like family. 
I had an out of the box vision and Beth helped me bring it to reality. She pushed the envelope and helped me achieve the most beautiful and romantic atmosphere. I can not rave about my experience enough. I initially didn't want to a hotel wedding because it felt so conventional to me but my mother wanted the ease of doing a hotel wedding and the perks of a one stop shop. I immediately knew that in Beth's care I could fulfill my wildest fantasy of my dream wedding. This weekend was just that, absolute perfection.Hi my name is mike and i had a horrible experience with valet parking employee name Robert  at your location  first of all he had a attitude when i asked whats the price difference in valet parking and self parking so i made sure i remember his name to report him and i went up to my room to change my clothes and was on my way to the conversation center for a meeting about 20 to 30 mins after i checked in and i saw him in my car on the phone with the engine still running and im letting you guys know for your safetyThe main thing this hotel has going for it is its location. Very conveniently located near Riverwalk shopping, the convention center, and the French quarter. The service would definitely only rate one star! Not a very friendly staff! Outrageously priced as well this hotel is sorely lacking and in need of upgrades. The carpets are disgustingly dirty! The restaurants in the hotel are mediocre at best and outrageously priced.The cleaner stole all the money out of my pocket while I was at the pool. Everyone running the hotel could care less, Christian Hernandez the manager I talked to, basically told me if I wanted anything done, that I would need to call the police because they're not going to do anything about it. I hate writing these stupid yelp reviews, but I feel like this is all I got now.This hotel was okay. Our room smelled like heavy stale cigarette smoke. Our towels had mascara on them so we had to ask for more. We had to swipe the hotel key cards like 50 times before they finally worked to get in and out of the parking garage. Good location but way overpriced for what you get.One of the lesser quality Hiltons I have stayed at over the years. Old property, extremely rude employees in all aspects, way overpriced for quality of stay. The rooms are out of date with poor immenities however the bed was comfortable and our view was nice. Those are probably the only two nice things I would have to say about this place.The service is good in general, but the stuff is not trained well. The guy on a reception desk is a fancy slick ignorant moron. He have sent me twice to open my room when he did not properly coded a key. He did not apologize. Also, he forgot to give me breakfast vouchers mentioning free breakfasts. The lunch in the restaurant is very bad. The fried catfish is prepared tasteless, without any sauce and impossible to eat, because of specific catfish flavor. The breakfast is only good over there. My impression that the ignorance of Paris Hilton is upon of the HH net.Lower end Hilton, quite in need of renovations. Guest room internet access was down for 2 days. Apparently not the hotel's fault. Still, at the prices being charged when it works this should be completely avoidable. Two pools on location, the one the size of a bathtub and the other one a 10-min walk away from the main building. Not recommended.Stayed here for a basketball tournament (Super 60). Very nice hotel and rooms. Beds are comfortable and the rooms are updated and clean. Great location! Would definitely stay here on my next visit!Have you ever watched that movie "A River Runs Through It"? Me either...so you know that this next line is going to be really meaningful. I'd like to think that if there was a sequel, it would be about this hotel. It would be called, "WTF? A Set of Train Tracks Run Through It? Isn't This a Hotel?"
Kind of a long movie title, but hopefully the audience will appreciate the straightforwardness of it. You know exactly what you are getting into when you sit down to see "WTF? A Set of Train Tracks Run Through It? Isn't This a Hotel?". That's not always the case with movies these days. Like, what the hell is "Blended"? Really. What is that movie about? Does anyone know? Does Adam Sandler even know?
I came here during the first weekend of JazzFest 2014. It also was the first day of a nine day road trip that I took with four of my friends for my bachelor party.
You see, bachelor parties used to be just a single night out in your hometown. Then they evolved to be a weekend event. Then they moved to different locations. And then they expanded in length. I decided that nine days was a good length for mine. I was hoping for it to last the rest of 2014 but my wedding is in June and that didn't seem to line up well so I abandoned the idea.
Guess what, Hilton with the train tracks running through it...I crammed five guys into the room. But I told you I had only two. I snuck three guys in there! And you only charged me $875 for two nights! Who's the sucker now?!?!
Wait...crap.
Side note, aka something actually useful for you if you are planning to stay here and for some reason you are still reading this review. This is a massive hotel. You will have to account for about five minutes of walking to get to the street from your room.
That wasn't actually that useful. I'm sorry. My other reviews are better. This doesn't usually happen to me! I swear!Hot or miss. Mostly miss. Some nice standout people, but overall this venue is mismanaged. Waiting in line while understaffed and under trained people with a curt demeanor should be expected.  For this pleasure you will pay very top end prices. Hilton should be ashamed of this venue. I have been to a lot of them and this does not stand up. 
The industry can continue to treat their customers poorly and exact every penny out of them, but eventually, some chain will pull the equivalent of what virgin has done in the airline industry and turn it all on it's ear.This review is fo the breakfast buffet only.  On occasion we drag the kids across on the ferry to the hilton for the breakfast buffet.  
Its more breakfast than brunch with no real lunch entrees or selections available.  The service is usually good but not sure if its $20 pp worth of eggs, pancakes, sausages and other morning fare.  Its usually not too crowded.We're back again and they continue to go out of there way to please.  The concierge room was close for 3 days and they gave us coupons for appetizers in evening at the bar and free buffet breakfast in the morning. As folks were checking in today they had free cocktails. Great place.Rooms are just ok.  Service has been prompt and staff has been polite.  I am very disatisified with the fact that you cannot use the fittness center without being a hilton honors member.  This will be the last time I stay with a hilton property.  I would prefer an establishment that does not need a special membership to utilize basic facilities that come standard at other hotels.My husband's company put us up in this hotel for a week. We rarely stay at chain hotels but we also didn't pay for this so I can't complain.
Staff A+
Cleanliness A+
Hotel connected to Outlet Mall A+
My only complaint was that when Hilton assigned the room, they should have looked to see if we were part of one of the million of conventions staying there. We were the corner suite directed across from another suite that was hosting some kind of fresh produce seminar. Literally from 7am-8pm there were people loitering in our hallway. It seemed that everyone BUT US were attending the produce thing. My goodness it was so annoying. I did tell the front desk and they said the produce people were checking out on Sunday and they could move us but we were leaving the day after and someone would contact me. Nobody contacted me.After staying at this Hilton for many many years and enjoying the the Executive Lounge all those years, beginning July1, the new management closed the executive lounge.  I've been an Honors Diamond for last 10 years.  This was one of the best EL's in the Hilton hotels Of all the hotels I've used.   The EL was the reason I frequented the hotel for those years.   On top of that the Honors Website and Honors App continues to show the hotel had the lounge for about a month. 
I go to Nola frequently on business and will not stay at this hotel any longer.  My perception it's just a huge, expensive, run down convention hotel.    Now I have to pay $15 for breakfast.  If I want coffee and a light snack I have to pay for that rather than getting it from the EL.   This property is scratched off my list!We arrived at 3:30AM last Friday night/Saturday morning, after a brutally delayed flight.  Our three-night stay had been booked as two reservations, and the hotel was completely booked up that weekend for a convention. However, front desk agent Emily managed to simultaneously fend off (politely; they were guests, after all) two drunk suitors while working some magic to find us a room we could keep for all three nights instead of switching in between.  The room was clean, modern, with excellent blackout curtains; staff everywhere ere polite, attentive.  We will definitely stay here next time we visit - thank you Emily!I've never been so relieved that my company paid for a hotel....if I had paid to stay in this subpar and overpriced box, I'd be furious. Instead, I'm just irritated at how crappy it was. 
I was in New Orleans for a week attending a conference at this hotel. First, it's a nightmare to navigate. I won't put that all on the hotel, but yeah....nightmare. They need better signs. The place is also filthy. Like, just run down and nasty. 2 drawer pulls in my room were broken, the tv got awful reception, there was a big brown mystery stain on my shower curtain that made me gag whenever I noticed it.  It's not the quality you expect for what they charge. I've stayed in nicer Best Westerns.
On Monday, NOLA put out a boil water advisory. I checked in about 4 hours after this advisory was released, but wasn't told until many hours later, and then only because I tried to order a coffee. This was after I had showered, drank water, and brushed my teeth....so awesome.....probably picked up some ridiculous swamp bacteria.....
I called down to the concierge one night to see if they had a list of places that will deliver to the hotel (this was after I called two places on my own that said they won't deliver due to "security issues"). The lady who answered put me immediately on hold, then when I did get her and started to ask my question she cut me off with a terse "um, pizza places". Okay, lady......I'm sorry my unreasonable request pissed you off.
I ordered room service Thursday at 815. Didn't get it until 1030.....it cost me over $70 for a shitty glass of wine, 8oz of steak, canned greenbeans, and a baked potato that even Wendy's wouldn't have served. The wifi in my hotel room (that costs $12 a day) went out Thursday afternoon and still wasn't up when I checked out today. They claim to cater to business travelers....well, those people often need access to the freaking Internet.
I will never stay here and am not likely to even use a Hilton again because they were just rude, unaccomodating, overpriced, and filthy. Theres 30 hotels within a couple blocks of here. Save yourself (or your company) some money and chance at being infected from shower stains and bad water.I frequently travel to New Orleans for work and because my corporate limit for New Orleans per night is on the low side, sometimes this Hilton is the best of my options. While conveniently located (in relation to the Riverwalk, Harrahs and the French Quarter), this is not the best example of a Hilton. Some of the rooms are either very old/outdated/dusty or have no light. My personal preference is to stay in the main building as the river building has an old, creepy kind of feeling (YMMV).
The cafe on the second floor is decent. The hotel restaurant is just ok. Drago's is a tourist trap, in my opinion.
On the plus side, the hotel has a pool in-season and a large gym.This place is huge and kind of old. But the thing that really stands out is that there is a train at blares its horn at 3 in the morning right by my window. It feels almost as if the train is in my room and it completely ruined my night sleep two nights in a row.We stayed in June. It's obvious that the plus side is the location: right next to a nice outlet mall, the river view with a promenade, right next to the streetcar stop, and Harras casino across the Street. If Bourbon St is your destination, it's walkable, but bring comfy walking shoes. Many guests were attending conferences here, so the breakfast buffet requires some patience, and about $30 per person -yikes.
The building itself is dated and the decor throughout is a mixture of several updates. From other recent reviews and pictures here, it's evident that not all floors include the same accommodations. Our room was comfortable, clean, and we were serviced promptly when we requested extra pillows or towels. After a hot, long walk throughout the French quarter, our comfy bed and pillows were heaven.
A huge plus for food lovers is Dragos restaurant. Guests come for their fantastic char-broiled oysters, but just about everything in their menu is delightful. My favorite: the shrimp and grits. Not your average dishes here.I accidentally left my iPhone at the hotel. No problem! They stored it at Security and were very easy to work with to get it back. Very pleased with their honesty and professional attitudes. Thank you!
This Hilton property is as well appointed as most. Employees are friendly and efficient. Only trouble I had: the bartenders at Drago's on the first floor were fairly sullen and slow-moving.Unfortunately, my first review on Yelp won't be a good one. My experience at this hotel was personal...solely to enjoy the lovely December weather New Orleans had to offer. Although I can't complain about the cost of my stay (I landed a great deal online...December must be slow season for them), my experience went from acceptable to the point where I was like "I need to Yelp this!" The hotel is an accumulation of multiple building so it's definitely HUGE. I can see why it would be a great fit for conferences, weddings, and whatnot, but in our case, the walk to our room was so long and complex (a combination of elevators, escalators, lobbies, etc.) that it sobered us up every night! In fact, I think I even broke a sweat a few times. The rooms were adequate, nothing out of this world really. The cleaning staff forgot to clean our room one night which had never happened to us before. The hotel is connected to an outlet mall and is a stone's throw away from a casino, so there's a lot going on in this area and it's very well connected to local transportation. In my opinion, this hotel is definitely not an ideal place for relaxation and I don't intend on staying here again anytime soon.It is a HUGE hotel. Super busy, tons of people. But they have one elevator with a glass exterior so you can see the city going up and coming down from your hotel room in the sky. Only if you get lucky with that elevator though, most of the trips were in the plain jane no windows elevators though.
Room is small. Bathroom is small. The help came around 5pm to clean for the day ... um, kind of late in the day? 
The first night they had complimentary rum balls out in the lobby which were a fabulous welcome. The rum balls did not make a subsequent experience. Note to Hilton: rum balls win you friends.
The TV remote quit working. The TV channel selection was abysmal while the TV still worked. The window doesn't open, there is no patio. But a nice view from way up in the sky.
Pretty far from the cool stuff in the Quarter and even further from the Marigny, but since it is a Hilton you basically know what you are getting - a relatively safe, secure place to spend the sleeping hours. I would definitely stay here again.I was in town for a cruise. I was blown away by the beauty of this hotel. I was really discouraged after reading a lot of negative reviews about this place. But soon as my over pulled up to the hotel I was greeted by Employees . From checking into taking my bags in the room everything was a breeze. Room is clean and neat and did not have any weird smells like reviews have stated .The only weird thing I would say about this hotel that I noticed was Bath towels hanging in the shower on a rack . I love the convenience of this place they've thought of everything. Next time in I'm in New Orleans I would  say again!!I spoke with Roger, Director of Property Operations and he was very apologetic and really changed my mind about this hotel.  I would give this hotel another chance now due to Roger's outreach.Hotel: Impressive space but small shops and small rooms. Paid the upgrade to have access to the Executive Lounge. But unless you'll be spending lots of time in the hotel, it's kind of a waste of money. The rooms are just as small as the regular rooms. The view changes though because you get a room above the 20th floor. Mine overlooked the river walk, so for a first-timer to NOLA, the view offered great orientation! Nice city lights at night, especially with Harrahs just outside. The aquarium is steps away as well. Also, I'll add that you can access the river walk, it's several shops (Forever 21, Coach, PaPa Praline, Cafe du Monde, rail car, etc.) without going outside. Clean, well-lit walk through what seemed like an extension of the hotel.
Rooms: Small... like, airport hotel suite sized small. The room I had was not musky, dense, or noisy - but expect to navigate long hallways that cut and cross into the next. If you have any mobility issues, I recommend you request a room close to the elevators. It's literally a three minute walk to my room from the elevators. One of the towels in my "executive room" was torn and frayed along the side.. Why? Who would fold that vs toss it. See pic.
Staff: Helpful and stationed all over the place. Again, nice for a first-timer but also almost a necessity, to help navigate such a large hotel.
DRAGO's and lobby lounge: Eat at Drago's even if you just order the Char-grilled Oysters. If you're not into oysters or seafood for whatever reason (they're known for their seafood) they have only a few other options.
Location: Great for a first timer who doesn't mind exploring on foot. Everything is at the doorstep here. Beautiful river views.
Didn't give the fifth star well because it's just not a five star hotel. Four tops for the reasons highlighted.Stayed here for a conference at the Convention Center.  10-15 min walk to CC thru Riverwalk Outlet Mall (stop by Cafe du Monde here if you visit during summer), last few minutes are outside.  
Many rooms have great view of the river.  Bathrooms have fans (plus to me since many I visit do not).  Coffee pot, iron, blow dryer in room,  Lamp have outlets, nice touch for charging multiple electronics. 
Meeting rooms are good, very spacious. Ordered plated breakfast, overpriced for what you get, though great service.  
Drago's restaurant is a plus for grilled oysters.  Hotel bar closes early at mid-night.   
Harrahs casino right across street.  10 minute walk to Jackson Square, Original Cafe du Monde and French Market -- great food options and local crafts here.   Take a cab to Bourbon or Frenchman Streets, usually less than $10.   Hotel staff friendly but did't know much about the local area. Concierge desk is best place to purchase tour tickets.Price to me was very high, but was actually reasonable considering it was Mardi Gras week and we booked sort of late. The hotel itself is very easy to find, is huge, and the staff members were all very friendly.We did not spend much time in the hotel, only really went there to sleep and to get ready. However, the room itself was remarkably clean, more clean than many other hotel rooms I have stayed in. I did not feel "skeeved out" to walk on the carpet barefoot. The linens and sheets even felt very clean and the bed itself was super comfortable, soft, and easy to fall asleep in. My favorite part about this place is that it was right near everything and within walking distance of the parade, the shops, Bourbon street, restaurants, etc. I would recommend staying here to anyone and would definitely stay here again when traveling to NOLA. Great proximity to everything (walking distance), clean and excellent rooms, fair price.The room setup has been upgraded which is nice. The closets are way too small and the sliding doors don't quite open enough to allow comfortable access. In fact, you can't really open the safe door because the closet door blocks it. The river view is awesome! If you book on the executive floors, the have free breakfast and snacks in the evening at the sepecial lounge with view as well.I felt bad giving my (company's) money to the Hilton.  I really wish Paris would fall off a...well maybe I shouldn't say that but I don't want to support her banal existence.
With that said, it's a Hilton.  Common areas are great even though the wi-fi sucks (How the hell are you not gonna have wi-fi in meeting rooms???????) and the rooms are nice, although I need them to have a very thorough carpet cleaning soon.  same goes for the bathroom tiles.  I was a little sketched out by the dinginess.
They do use Crabtree & Evelyn toiletries though which beats regular hotel Jergens stuff anyday.  
Guess it's the little things that count.  
Now I want to see a "Simple Life" with that heifer scrubbing hotel tubs and toilets.  Then and only then will I give Hilton 5 stars.I stayed here on vacation for two nights. We got an executive level on the 27th floor for around $220 plus $30 a day parking. We were able to eat breakfast and afternoon snack on the top floor both days because we got that room level. I tried the fitness center and the jacuzzi both were good. The hotel is in a good location, you can take the trolley to the French Quarter or walk. The hotel is also directly connected to the Riverwalk Outlets. I would definitely stay here again.This Hilton is a really nice hotel in terms of location and appearance but I am totally baffled by the fact that they charge for basically all of their ammenities. I decided to go to the fitness center and they make you buy either a 2 or 4 day pass! And then we have the business center which is actually a Fedex center so to use a desktop it's 55 cents/minute!  I am currently paying $245/night and still being made to pay these charges. Not a happy camper!Location: 3/5 - The location is great if you just want to go to Harrah's Casino. However, it's on the wrong side of the casino, the west side. The French Quarter & many of the restaurants I wanted to go to are on the east side of Harrah's & Canal Street. My friends & I always walked through Harrah's to get to the other side because it was so hot outside & we wanted to walk through air conditioning.
Rooms: 4/5 - This 3.5-star hotel's rooms are what you would expect for its class, comfortable & clean rooms.
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 3/5Stayed here June 2-5 to celebrate my bachelorette party. Great hotel in walking to distance to bourbon street, street cars and Harrahs. Everything was clean and the workers were friendly.Maybe the fact that my room was $400 a night had soured me on this place, but it wasn't that great for a Hilton. ($349 + tax was the contracted rate for the convention I was attending.) 
Room was just ok. Bathroom was small with not a lot of counter space. Had a view of the MIssissippi, but really wasn't all that special. Bed sucked, I couldn't sleep the first 2 nights, thank goodness for drinks on bourbon st. and passing out, or I never would have gotten a good night's sleep! 
Had to pay to use the gym, and it really wasn't that great either. Sure it was big, and I didn't have to wait to use the equipment, but I can't believe I paid $12/day to use it. There weren't many people probably because you did have to pay.
Bar was good, had some decent food. nice atmosphere
Room service was ok, but then again, I'm never satisfied with room service wherever I am. It's not 24 hours, which is surprising, considering the city really never sleeps thanks to Bourbon St. 
It's an ok location for a convention. A bit longer walk than I expected, and you walk through an alley. Don't go it alone. Not a great location if you're looking to party on Bourbon. Took a cab and it was about $8. You can walk there, but in high heels, it's nearly impossible!
Overall, disappointed in this Hilton. Hope the next time I'm there we try the Marriott, which is directly across from the convention center and there looks to be no alley to walk through!Perfect location! Conveniently attached to the Riverside Outlets, right down the street from the mall, across the street from the casino & only a $6 ride to Bourbon St.  You're close enough enjoy the party life but far enough away that it doesn't interfere with your ability to turn down! The room was clean but had an aroma of mildew or mold. I guess it's bcz it's so humid & muggy. I don't know but I suggest you bring a room deodorizer unless you don't mind the smell of mildew. House keeping staff stayed in top of the cleanliness of the room. Starting at 8am! So if you wanna sleep later, be sure to put your do not disturb sign on the door. 
You will never have to go far for food. The hotel sits right on top of Drago's. The food here is pretty good. Could use a little salt but that's minor. Be sure to try their famous grilled oysters. I really nice gentleman at the bar let me try one of his. It was good but I wouldn't have it again. Oysters just aren't my thing. 
Overall I think you'll like this hotel.The hotel is ok but large and places are not easily accessible - too many escalators or elevators to take . Some elevators only go up one floor and if you are in section 2 or 3 it is confusing. I found the cost expensive and the cost to park a car extreme. Rooms are ok, but maid service could have been more attentive. They missed the trash can sometimes and it was usually full and on the desk due to a toddler being in the room. Pool was hard to find and a long walk for children. The Restaurant was expensive but very good. The servers were very kind to children and they messes.The hotel is close to shopping and pubic transportation. It is not too far a walk to the Quarter.If you're on a business trip stay away from this hotel. 
1. The rooms do not have closets. If you find yourself here, hopefully you have packed your finest wrinkle free sweatsuits for all your meetings. 
2. If you have a FedEx package delivered to the hotel, you must pay a "handling" fee of $10 to PICK IT UP YOURSELF. If you have a bellman deliver it, you will be charged an additional fee. 
3. High speed wifi is $14.95/day. You cannot purchase more than one day at a time, so remember when you first logged in so you're not working on any documents when you're suddenly booted from the system. 
4. The front desk staff will make an attempt to upsell you to a nicer room on the executive floor. It will cost $60 more per night. If you're going to pay over $300 a night for a room here, you are going to be very sad. Just keep walking until you get to a better hotel. 
5. Housekeeping is nonexistent. Do not hope for more towels. You will be hoping in vain.Great location and hotel. Diamond upgrade took us to the top floor with a great view of the Mississip. A bit pricy, but, your paying for location.
Our go to hotel when we visit the Quarter.Staying here for a professional conference and I have definitely stayed in better places. The room is costing $269/night. The room is ok aside from the fact that the television didn't work, alarm clock that doesn't go off, bathroom light switch that either works or sparks and doesn't work, and the room didn't get attended to until way after 1:00pm and only then because I called about it.  When I did call down to advise them off the problems they were going to be kind enough to give me the number to housekeeping and the number to engineering so i could call them both myself.  I explained that I was scheduled to go into a meeting and they made the calls.  When I got back to the room the light switch in the bathroom seemed to be fixed, the linens and housekeeping was done, TV worked but the alarm clock was a bridge too far, so I will be calling for a wake up call.Nice on the inside and right next to the convention center. But there are literally train tracks running through the middle of the hotel. Look at the pic. Every 2-3 hours a train goes through blasting their horn all the way. Impossible to sleep through that. 
I travel constantly and I have never seen train tracks running through the middle of a hotel complex. Word of warning for those looking to stay here.  
Lots of hotels in New Orleans that don't have train tracks inside them.  I recommend you stay at those hotels not this one.I will never cheat on Starwood again. Won a trip from work and it included 3 nights stay at The Hilton. The property is in a good location and the room came with a mini-fridge, which is something. 
We were unimpressed from the beginning. Our reserved room was not available at check in. We were "upgraded" to a suite with 2 queen beds. Just to be clear " upgrade" really meant "downgrade," so not stoked. The room wasn't awful, but carpets could use a good shampooing. Unfortunately our "upgrade" now held excellent views of parking deck, no longer the river. 
I went to pick up our car from valet the next day, but needed to break large bill for smaller bills for tipping. Had to stand in check in line, behind a long line of people, as front desk was the only place to do this service. It took over 30 minutes. I asked several gentlemen/managers walking by if they would mind doing so for me so I wouldn't have to wait. No one would help. They actually looked annoyed with me and were quit short. When I finally got to the front desk I asked to exchange cash and the gentlemen there said "you should have asked one of those guys to help you, you didn't have to stand in this line." While several sarcastic remarks ran through my mind I decided against and just asked for a water. Which he wouldn't give me because I am not an account holder/preferred guest here. I offered to pay. Nope, I couldn't even get a water..?!! 
I work for an incentive company where corporate group travel and meeting and event planning is a large part of our business. Because of my position I can assure you this: We will never give this location any business. I'd be ashamed and worried at the service our guests would receive. I will also strongly think twice about all Hilton properties in the future. Hilton should take a pay attention to the Starwood Group and take notes on superior customer service.The main thing this hotel has going for it is its location. Very conveniently located near Riverwalk shopping, the convention center, and the French quarter. The service would definitely only rate one star! Not a very friendly staff! Outrageously priced as well this hotel is sorely lacking and in need of upgrades. The carpets are disgustingly dirty! The restaurants in the hotel are mediocre at best and outrageously priced.Great hotel! Good service, great views from your room and best of all the location of this hotel is great. Near the cruise ships, near the convention center and near the Riverwalk. 
I love the beds, they are so nice at all Hiltons. The pillows are the best and even the sheets are nice. Five stars all the way!!About $35 + tip by taxi from MSY airport. Great check in experience with Brandon, quite charming. Spotless room, nice city view, all amenities seem great. My conference provided free wifi. Laissez les bon temps rouler!Terrible terrible terrible the staff tries, but hotel over booked, no bell hops to help express check out spent work. Rooms smell musty. The list goes on an on. No hot water.We had a large conference here, our party could not stay there, rooms were sold out and the number we called only allowed us to speak to someone in another country who tried to booked us into another Hilton property for a lot more money and about a mile away in a shaky part of town. The conference facilities were great, it is just too large.Terrible terrible terrible the staff tries, but hotel over booked, no bell hops to help express check out doesn't  work. Rooms smell musty. The list goes on an on. No hot water.Pros:
-Great location (right outside the French Quarter)
-Nice rooms
-Plenty of amenities (arcade, 2 pools, etc.)
-Concierge was responsive & quick (brought us up more cups to pour our champagne in before leaving the hotel)
Cons:
-Way too big of a hotel (takes about 10 minutes to walk from the door to your room)
-Parking was very pricey (although it seemed that way everywhere near the French Quarter)
We found this place for 60 bucks on priceline.com, which made it a great bargain.  Although this place seems like a luxurious hotel, I wouldn't pay more than $100 a night for it.Stayed our wedding night due to unfortunate experience with another hotel in the city. Checked in after the wedding, check in was quick and easy, they even upgraded us to a suite overlooking the Mississippi AND the city. 
The suite was nice, clean, spacious. I wish we had the chance to stay longer. 
We will stay here again.Everything about our stay was perfect and the entire staff was helpful and more generous than they had to be. We stayed here as part of our honeymoon road trip and as soon as they heard that, they hooked us up with very discounted parking, free internet, access to the lounge on the 29th floor, and a king size room. Probably the best hotel experience I have ever had.Stayed and attended a conference here a few times. Never had any negative issues here. We are silver and gold on the rewards program so we get free gym visits , wifi, and sometimes room upgrades. I like the location.I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and the proximity to everything wonderful in New Orleans!  There's a restaurant in the hotel that serves these fried mini crab claws that are spectacular and "must haves" every time I'm here.The best thing about this hotel room was the view!  A gorgeous sunset over the Mississippi River in November is one of the nicest, prettiest wake-ups ever.  The room itself was adequate - the small fridge was stuffed with expensive mini-bar items (please - empty fridge?).  There was only one place to hang a towel - on the door - and the hook was so smooth and round that the towel would keep falling off!  
Despite signs stating "towel on the floor means "replace me"" - housekeeping replaced all our linens every time (we even hung the towels on the towel shelf and shower curtain bar) - so much for conserving water!  (and - yes - I know that it comes out of The River but a lot of energy goes into purifying it and we wash our clothes and flush our toilets with potable water - it's just a shame to waste it like that!)
Though the shower was tolerably hot, the fixtures were cheap and outdated.  There was no way to turn on only a single light in the bathroom - everything had to go on at once, like you were on stage in front of cameras.  
No bedbugs!  Yay!  Expensive wi-fi and gym - seriously - if you are paying $160/night for a room - why on earth should you be required to pay $12 for the privilege of using their exercise equipment?As many times as I've been to the Hilton, I've never actually stayed here. My review is exclusively for their meeting rooms.
The Hilton does have a variety of sized rooms to accommodate many groups. Unfortunately, many of them give the feeling of being in a dungeon thanks to the low ceilings and the lack of windows. 
The staff ranges from incredibly helpful to indifferent, depending. The lobby does offer many seating areas for informal gathering but as others have said, it is dated and could use some sprucing.Very nice hotel that is pretty big and located along side the river in the Central Business District...just s stones throw away from the French Quarter.
I  got a chance to stay here for one night recently and it was very pleasant. Nice bar and restaurant in the lobby, but it was tough to frequent with all the awesome places nearby. Rooms were very comfortable and we had an awesome view of the city from the 26th floor. Cleaning staff was nice as one of them was having conversation with us as she cleaned.
Good place to stay as I normally stay in boutique hotels, but if I decide to stay in a "corporate" hotel, I would stay hereThis was our first time in New Orleans attending a conference and we decided on the Hilton based on the list of reviews. We wanted a location that was convenient to the convention center, French Quarters, tourist sites and street cars - this location was perfect. We walked to the convention center in about 10 minutes outside via the street or if you want to stay inside to avoid the heat/rain you can take a longer walk through the adjacent River Walk shopping mall. 
We walked to French Quarters on our first day. During the other days, we took the Street Cars to the WWII Museum, up canal street and to the Garden District. It was fun to take the Street Car on Canal Street all the way to the end and then back again. This gave us a good picture of the city and local people. All of the street car stations are walking distance from the Hilton. The waterfront streetcar is located next to the Hilton front entrance. 
The bathroom seemed small for an upscale hotel, but our room was very nice on the 24th  floor with a wonderful view of the city. King size bed was comfortable and the towels were fluffy soft. New Orleans is a hot/humid city and we were able to keep our room cool and even cold at times (the way we like it coming from the north). The Concierge at the Hilton was very helpful with ideas for restaurants and points of interest. They recommended Muriel's at Jackson Square on or first night and the food was very delicious- it was an excellent way to start our stay in New Orleans.Great customer service at check-in. The front desk helped me choose a really, really great corner room on the executive floor. The view of the Mississippi River was amazing. The executive lounge was just great, with snacks and drinks and views of the city and of the river and just all around excellent service and friendly smiles. I couldn't have been more pleased.
Caveat: I'm a Hilton Honors Diamond status member and I was redeeming Hilton Honors points for a two night stay for my brother and his two young sons.The staff is phenomenal.  The Consierge Service knew the city inside and out.  The location is perfect.  Public transportation is the envy of many cities.  The Management cares about maintaining quality customer service.  Coke machines were out of order on many floors.  Elevators are fast and efficient.  Drago, the restaurant, is subpar.  Revolving doors are easy to navigate except for the drunks... they kept running into the glass and stopping the revolution :)  And the price for your stay is very, very good considering the services they provide.Great location but the staff is in serious need of some Ritz Carlton training.  On a Friday morning I tried to book a massage for my wife who hurt her neck on the flight in. I go up to the concierge and asked to book the massage. "You have to walk down the hallway, go up the stairs and go to the Gym." "Um, can't I just call from here?" "Well okay" He points me to a phone. I called. A woman finally picks up. She tells me that nothing was available because they only had one masseuse for the entire hotel. (It's a big hotel. Probably more than 700 rooms). I said, "Don't  you think a hotel of this size should have more than one masseuse?" She said, "Well we do but none of them are working today."  Hmm. "Okay, so how about tomorrow? "  "They're not working tomorrow until after 5:00 PM."  "Why?" I asked.  "It's a Saturday and you guys should be fully staffed." That's just when they are working", she said. "Can I talk to your manager?", I asked. "Okay,"she said and put me on hold for two minutes and then came back. "He'll call you", she said. He didn't. It's kinda what it's like through out the hotel. The only saving grace is that they have a great piano bar on the second floor.My sister and I stayed here on a short 4 night vacation in NOLA. The service was quite good and the beds very comfy. It was nice to have the hotel connected to the outlet mall. We were a bit disappointed as we had joined the Hilton Rewards program to access the internet which in my opinion is weird and that if you were not part of a certain Hilton program you were charged extra for the gym facilities but we felt that 10USD a day was a bit steep for the hour we would be there. Interestingly, we left very early in the morning (4am) to catch out flight home and when leaving our room to check out I noticed I had stepped in something and looked down to see that what I had stepped in was poop as someone had pooped in the hallway (yes you read that right). The building is really big so obviously the cleaning staff have their hands full and  can't possible get to everything quickly but that was a gross way to end the stay.The hotel is overwhelmingly large but don't think that goes for the rooms. I don't know if it was just the placement of our "executive room" but it was tiny. The claims on the website like "spacious dine in area" were extremely misleading. 
The amenities for getting an executive room, which my friend insisted on for her bacehelorette weekend sucked. The snacks from 5-7 featured lukewarm frozen/fried food and some sad veggies. Other places, like the Marriott, have complimentary wine and beer for an hour or two for the executive room or point guests - not here - the drinks were available at a cash bar and expensive at that. The site boasts free breakfast for this level room - I guess that is correct if having a few bagels and some powdered eggs out in a room packed to the gills with people is breakfast. They have better free breakfasts at places like Rod Roof Inn, I am not kidding. 
Service was not good, the pools were not nice (and nothing indoors), the gym is only the "largest in Louisiana" because of a whole floor of tennis courts below which are used for events but not by the regular hotel goer. 
Really the only perk for being in an upgraded room was that the wallpaper had a nicer pattern than the other floors. Wooo effing hoo. 
I won't stay here again. Stay somewhere cheaper and get better service. This place is set up for conference goers who take what they can get because their job is paying for it.This is the worst Hotel I have ever stayed. Rude, unprofessional and unwilling staff, dirty sheets and dirty floor carpet, smelly hallways... the list can go on and on. But I have better things to do than to write a review of this shit place. Not even worth $10/night. Better live on the streets of NOLA than wasting money on this hotel. I was here for a conference and the hotel was on conference hotel list. We are going to recommend to take it off from the list.We called asking for directions and rep was very rude! Actually the whole city had rude workers everywhere! Like why are New Orleans ppl so mean? They should be welcoming working in a tourist driven businesses. The location was perfect. Amazing distance to the mall, bourbon and Jefferson square. Great view of Mississippi. A little disappointed the shower was at the same level as the room and water leaked to the room area cause of this. Parking overnight is a ridiculous 44.00$First day our room was not serviced by housekeeping until after 4pm. Second day we left our room at 10am and returned briefly at 3pm. Room not serviced by housekeeping. Returned again at 9pm. Room still had not been serviced by housekeeping. Bedding and bathroom not cleaned. In room coffee and used glasses not replaced. Day 3 we were out of the room until after lunch (1pm) and no surprise room not serviced. Called to request service. They said they would send someone right up. We went to the pool for 3 hours. When we returned they were just finishing a half assed job. Half our glasses not replaced and bathroom floor still filthy. Day 4 out most of the day. Returned from a long hot walk at 5pm. Housekeeping never came. So we were here 4 days. Housekeeping came once on their own, once when called and requested service, and failed to come at all on 2 days. Come on, man! This is not Motel 6. I expect better for the price.Dragos is to die for! If you're staying at the Hilton, you need to eat there. Chargrilled oysters are a must.
The staff was fantastic, the hotel was beautiful and close to everything!Very nice rooms and helpful staff. Centrally located so a quick walk to the French Quarter and the surrounding areas is very doable. Our room was spacious and comfortable. We had free internet access. We had a great view of the river.the beds were awesome. I slept like a baby. I have no complaints.Came here for a couple of days before my cruise out of N.O. I have stayed at the Hilton Riverside before and it was a pleasant experience. This time around was no different. We checked in and were met by a pleasant front desk associate and check in was a breeze. Upon entering our room, we were met with a funky smell. We immediately called housekeeping and they sent someone up to dispense an odor eliminator and upon our return to the room an hour later, the smell was gone.
The Hilton Riverside has a pool, coffee shop,24 hour mini market, restaurants, a bar with a Speakeasy vibe and it also has an indoor entrance to the adjacent Riverwalk Outlet Mall. As we were going on a cruise, during our visit to the mall, we saw that you could access the cruise terminal via the mall so we rolled our luggage through the mall to the cruise terminal from the hotel in less than 15 minutes at no cost!
All in all a pleasant stay at the Hilton Riverside that we will stay at again when in the Big Easy!Not a bad place to stay.  The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly.  The location is nice it's walkable to the French quarter and the convention center.  The mall right next door is convenient. It is not great to work in if you have to use the back hallways to push gear and boxes through the kitchens and the elevators in the back are not reliable. The meeting rooms being spread out across two separate buildings can get difficult as well.  So good place to stay not as easy to work in from a crew stand point but older buildings never are. The staff was helpful in all aspects.Big hotel! 2 heated pools! very nice gym with racket ball, basketball, ping pong, & tons of work out machines & free weights.   We upgraded to the executive level that includes breakfast & afternoon snacks. It is on the top 29th floor with great views of NOLA. The only problem is it is a fairly small area with limited seating. The breakfast had nothing hot besides oatmeal. The upgrade was an extra $50 a day which was still probably worth it ,but the selection could have been larger. No hot tub & no game rooms. This hotel is so close to everything and we got a great deal with 1/2 off parking. You must eat at Drago's downstairs!This hotel was perfectly situated to be far enough from the craziness but close enough to really walk everywhere. The room was fine, I was in the tower with a riverside view. The train rides right beside the hotel so that woke me up during the nights I was there, so that was annoying. Also the housekeeping ran rather slow and I had to call a few times during my stay to get them to come and clean. I did try room service and it was great for dessert at least. The bread pudding was so good! And be sure to try the charbroiled oysters at Drago's downstairs! Also it was great that it was connected to the mall.DON'T waste your time guys! Stayed here for the weekend prior to Mardi Gras, more than 250.00 a night total. Got a room in the Riverside Building that smelled like mildew immediately upon entering. The sheets had some moldy stuff on them! To make things worst, the 2nd day, the housekeeper left our room open all day! My money and credit card was stolen from the room. I was in touch with management who agreed to replace my money, but would only refund one night of our stay. The specific reason why I left the money in the hotel room during Mardi Gras, was SO IT WOULDN'T GET STOLEN! Would not recommend anyone stay here. After speaking with several members of management and the front office, no one even returned my phone, and I had to call corporate. I still have not gotten resolution on the situation. NEVER AGAIN! And on our second night, our air conditioning broke! DON'T DO IT! Just stay somewhere newer and nicer and where the management actually cares that their staff maybe stealing.Room has a funky smell to it. Came here a few months and ponies up for the suite and paid big bucks for it. It was basically an over sized room. Mini fridge didn't work and it had 2 showers in the bathroom. The only reason I came back here is because it is across from casino and Drago's is in it!!Location: 4 stars
Massage: 1 star
Health Club options: 4 stars (would've been 5 but their hours are only from 530am-10pm) - it'd be nice if they were 24 hours or at least until midnight.
Room:  4 stars
Drago restaurant: 3 stars 
Conveniently located/connected next to the Riverwalk which is perfect when it's humid because the Riverwalk has AC!  It's within walking distance to the French Quarter as well, the Aquarium/IMAX, and not too far from the CBD.
The health club is exactly what it is.. a health club! They have whirlpools in the changing rooms, about 5 full tennis courts, volleyball courts, a basketball court, full gym, golf range, pilates/yoga, just about anything everything you could truly think of!  
Massage review:
$80 for 60 minutes?  I thought this was an AWESOME deal... until I got my massage. Unfortunately it was one of the most unprofessional massages I've ever had.  I told my therapist about problem areas I wanted her to focus on, instead she worked on other parts.  She wouldn't lift my leg up to move the sheet underneath me, but she kept tugging on it, pulling it over and over often times leaving me pretty uncomfortable.
The room:
Spacious and comfortable.  Lots of outlets.  Bathroom had all the necessities, but the toilet was kind of higher than usual?
Drago:
The wait is long - but if you sit at the bar you can get the same full menu minus the wait!  I had the gumbo (which was OK), the 1 1/4 lb. stuffed lobster - but it was mainly shell of course.  They pre-cut the claws so it's super easy to pull them off and get big chunks of meat!  The stuffing was just OK.. and the temperature of my food actually got cold after 3-5 minutes or so.  I ordered the bread pudding and it was delish!  They give you 2 pieces and it is yum, yum, yum.  FYI - it's the same bread pudding they give you for room service.
Would I stay here again?  Probably!  Staff is friendly, but I could hear everyone next to me which sucks when either they're loud and it's late, or they're loud and it's way early.I found this hotel to be disappointing. We came into town while there were two conventions going on a week after Mardi Gras, so I can completely understand a certain decline in service. However it seemed to me to be low quality on areas that should not have been affected. Some of the negatives on their own would have been disappointing, but fine. Everything all together left a bad taste in our mouths. 
PROS:
The room was fairly spacious. 
All the staff was friendly. 
We were on a high floor and had a view of the Mississippi. We were a little bit on an angle so the view was half hotel, but still nice. 
It was great having a few restaurants in the hotel itself. The seafood place was fantastic! Very generous portions of lobster, and a competitive prices as well. 
I tired the breakfast place one morning and the buffet selection was great. Everything from eggs, bacon, bread pudding, biscuits, overnight oats, fruit, juice. Tons of stuff. I wasn't a fan of the service but that's listed below in the cons. 
The maid was really nice. She waited a minute for me to pack something up so I could head out of the room while she cleaned it. 
CONS:
The beds were very, very firm and hurt my back after a few days of sleeping on it. The comforter was more of a duvet and extremely thin! I understand this is easier for washing but I was cold every single night. 
The thermostat had a mind of its own. We would be hot so we would turn it down, and then it would continue to decline on its own until we were freezing. We'd discover it was somehow 60 now so we'd turn it up to 68. Later, it would have claimed on its own to 76. Made no sense in terms of cutting energy costs or guest comfort. 
When switching from the tub to the shower, it was impossible to turn the tub spout off all the way. A complete waste of water!! Would have helped the water pressure slightly if it wouldn't have been spewing out below. The water pressure was okay, not great. Especially for someone with thick hair. At first I thought it was just me and that I didn't know how to fully switch off the tub spout but in talking to people in other rooms had the same problem. 
I tired the breakfast restaurant one morning. I waited to be seated for a few minutes with staff walking by and not acknowledging me. Finally I was seated and it took another few minutes to get a menu. The patron next to me said a couple had been sitting where I was but they left because of waiting too long for service. I decided on the buffet because I didn't want to wait. It was more than I would have normally spent on just eggs, grits and bacon. As mentioned before, they had a fantastic selection of food for around $30. 
Our sink a couple times regurgitated very murky water (seriously looked straight out of the Mississippi). It would go down. We informed a worker (I don't believe it was a maid... Slightly different uniform...) on our way to check out. It wasn't happening at that particular moment so they looked at us with a blank stare. Hopefully she told someone who could take care of it for the next guest. 
One negative I slightly understood was long waits for room service. One night I was told it was over an hour and a half, and it took about 80 minutes. I get that there were multiple conventions, it was right after Mardi Gras when a lot of locals leave and everything. At the same time this hotel is extremely large and connected to the convention center. Shouldn't there be a way to manage that when a large influx of people come to stay? 
We tried to complete the survey on the tv a couple of times but it always said "error". 
I cannot understand how this hotel was $400+/night. I've traveled all over and I don't feel this room have us half of the value for the cost. If we had paid less I probably would be only slightly more content, however I don't feel this is a 4 star hotel.Had to switch to this Hilton for last night in town as town was virtually sold out per several conventions going on and the gearing up for Jazz Fest.  Very large convention center hotel that is "worn" and somewhat tired.  Considered sending GM an email last night regarding my room and a few concerns but I believe this hotel gets so much traffic it might be due to that. Fairly convenient to everything and connected to the outlet shopping and very short walking distance to all the neighborhoods.Just the nitty gritty:
Pros:
1.  Close to riverwalk and walking distance to the French Quarter
2.  Dragos is just downstairs and attached to the hotel...Oysters are really good
3.  Rooms appeared to remodeled and upgraded
4.  Gym is well sized and they even have in door courts! (e.g. tennis/raquetball/basketball)
5.  Front desk and other people were nice
6.  Got off the cruise ship at 9am.  Went to the front and asked to check in early.  Said they would call back once a room was ready.  Room was ready by 10am.
Cons:
1.  a little pricey 
2.  the walls still seem a little thin....heard a lot of doors slamming, people talking, "rattling noises" in the middle of the night...if you catch my drift...
All n all, a solid hotel.  Good place to stay especially if you want to visit Harrah's across the street and to be within walking distanct of the French Quarter.  For a tourist like me jumping off/on the cruises at the pier, being this close was convenient and easy.Kind of a mixed review. First, the place is nice, clean, very comfortable. I expect that, especially when it's as crazy expensive as this place is.  It was also quiet.  However, we came to town for the marathon, and they would not hold our checkout until after we finished. They wouldn't budge, even for a fee.  So they're willing to take the money from the marathoners, and then it's "now get the hell out".  We wound up getting a day pass at a local gym so that i could shower and change. 
Other hotels have been more accommodating to athletes.  All we asked for was one extra hour, and they wouldn't even consider it.  I'll skip this one in the future.This hotel is located on the river, right across the street from Harrah's Casino. It's a few blocks to the French Quarter, a short walk.  The lobby has a central bar and plenty of comfy seating areas.  Check-in is on the 2nd floor, not at street level.  I really enjoyed my room - nicely decorated with a very comfortable king-sized bed, desk, lounge chair with ottoman, and small but functional bathroom with a good shower and an exhaust fan. One quirk--the closet was positioned behind the bathroom door and the closet door was spring-loaded.  This was handy to keep the doors from banging into each other but not so handy when I was trying to get something out of the closet and the door kept closing on me. So I used the iron as a doorstop--problem solved. I tried a couple of food items and wasn't impressed. A salad ordered to-go from the bar was nothing special and a room order of seafood pasta was so heavily swimming in cream sauce I couldn't eat it. But with hundreds of NOLA restaurants nearby the food wasn't a problem.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this hotel. This is one of those businesses that deserves a zero star review. I picked this hotel as a stopover on a drive from the East Coast to the West Coast because of its location right on the Mississippi River (after all Riverside is part of its name). However, what I got was a room that opened into the hotel lobby atrium. When I asked for another room I was told they didn't have any rooms with a better view even though the Hotel was only 80 percent full for the night. I was then given a room but I was told would overlook the courtyard, but my view was of a solid wall 8 feet away from the window. 
Other than the staff at the gift shop, all of the staff here I have dealt with have been surly it's not rude. Certainly not anything I'm accustomed to and a far cry from true southern hospitality.
One final note, the room had a heavily chemical odor.waking up this morning I'm sure that chemical odor was to cover mold and mildew you given the fact that I can barely breathe.
This may be the only hotel directly on the river in New Orleans, but there certainly nicer hotels nearby and it certainly isn't worth the premium price. Plus there's never any reason to have to deal with surly rude staff. Just don't stay here!!!Without a doubt this is one of the worst hotels I have experienced. The service is poor and uncaring. The rooms are out of the fifties. There is very little to account for a luxury hotel price. There are lots of other choices in New Orleans. Don't run your trip by staying here.I stayed at the hotel for two nights prior to my cruise. It was extremely convenient to the cruise terminal as it was in walking distance. I loved the location of the hotel with easy access to the river, mall, French quarter, and bourbon street. The trolley was located right outside. The hotel is huge but had s good restaurant and Drago's restaurant in the hotel was good as well. It has a nice bar area. We stayed in building 3 with a pool view...which was not functioning and under construction. It would've been nice for them to share that information. Staff in hotel restaurant were not great but Rico in the bar area was fantastic. Room was clean and in good condition for the most part. Bathroom grouting needed redone in the shower. Our room was quiet and we never heard the neighboring rooms. Do expect to walk in this hotel a lot due to the size. I would stay here again.Quite possibly one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in, staff has no idea what's going and are extremely rude.Really enjoyed our stay! The hotel was extremely crowded and the bellhop whisked us off to another elevator after telling him we were HHonors members and staying on the executive floors. VIP treatment indeed! The wait downstairs for rooms were up to 2 hours! Our room faced the city which was cool but will get the river view next time. Rooms were spacious and the private eating areas were 2nd to none. Definitely returning to this hotel when we are in town. Drago's downstairs is a must!Yikes!!  Weak.
I travel a ton for business.  What a surprise to find this in a town that makes its living on tourism. I'm here on vacation this time and am not the pickiest, but today was surprising for what's supposed to be a nice hotel.  We left a little late for the day around 11 am, got back around 7 and found our room had not been cleaned.  No biggie, we left a little late, so we'll just call down and have the room cleaned while we are at dinner.  We get back a bit before 11, but the room has not been cleaned.  We call down, review the situation and just ask for some fresh towels.  We wait, and wait, and....  Finally, it's midnight and we have - you guessed it - nothing!  
I have Gold status.  Imagine what they do for the folks that just come here for a quick vacation or business trip?Our first time in New Orleans, specifically requested higher floor with nice city view.  Instead, we got a parking lot view on the 2nd floor with poorly cleansed toilet bowl... and this is their king size deluxe with city view for $316/night. As a HHonor member, we're very disappointed. No wonder this hotel has only poor three-star rating. Definitely not staying here next time we visit New Orleans.Adequate room for a big city price.  Located a short distance walk to the French Quater it had some nice restaurants nearby.  I was disappointed they had no place to lock a bike,or a bike rack.Very nice room.  The very best fitness centre I have ever seen in a hotel by a mile, but OMG  the absolute rudest servers I have seen anywhere in the world.  Having sat in the bar for 40 minutes, waiting for a menu, I actually was given the hand, and not a word when i dared ask for one.  (there was one very nice lady from Ukraine).  I left my key in the room, with my wallet and was told by the concierge I would have to stand in line at check in.  45 minutes later the concierge changed so tried again and they sent security to the room with me immediately.  Nice hotel 50/50 excellent or shockingly bad staffI'm a Diamond member that spends a fair amount of time here. While the hotel is a little far from the Quarter, the gym is amazing! The Health Club is the main reason I stay here. The executive lounge also has good food in the eveningsBooked this hotel online and wasn't pleased at all with the overall service of this location. Parking was overpriced but the good thing was there was options. We got to the room and it wasn't bad. However we tried to shower but the tub didn't work and after informing the front desk and dialing "zero" from the room there wasn't a resolution. That was disappointing and unsanitary that the water from the shower didn't go down the drain. The sink also sounded like a tub boat. After letting the staff know the 4 days we were there it just became tiresome and didn't feel like a vacation. I wouldn't go back to this hotel seeing how they didn't know how to effectively communicate with their guests.This poor rating is mostly due to this Hilton's sneaky policy regarding packages sent to the hotel. Before my stay here, I had called in advance and spoken to someone at the front desk and asked about having packages mailed to guests. She said it would be no problem send items in advance (liquids I didn't want to bother with at the airport) and they would waiting for me at arrival. Once I got there however, it seems that the hotel doesn't directly manage packages sent via carrier (UPS, FedEx, etc). Instead they outsource to a small company within the hotel that charges outrageous "handling" fees. For $12 worth of goods (with postage), the hotel's "handling" partner wanted to charge $26 in fees only mentioned as an "Oh, by the way..." after I had signed the UPS receipt claim!!
So just know what hidden fees and items may be charged during your stay here. Otherwise, apart from my day of frustration and brooding, the rest of my vacation was fine.Hilton Riverside is wonderful in all regards expect one . . . they do not have a fitness center.  Yes, there is a nearby "Club" you can use if you pay $12.00 per day.  Not acceptable!!! Everyone has a room with some equipment.  It doesn't take much to make me happy.  In today's climate of travel, health conscious, busy, stressful . . . everyone needs a few minutes of exercise to put our day back in the groove.We stayed here for our Wedding weekend and although it was a great stay experience, they gave us zero perks for staying there due to us getting married, which I think a hotel should do *something* for - they did zip. Also, to note, we stayed here because of location to our wedding venue, no other reason. 
We booked through hotels.com, which they seem to shun at. In the end, we paid them the SAME amount we paid hotel.com, but this time it was fee after fee after fee. So ridiculous. We even had to pay a daily room upgrade fee just to use the gym and get free breakfast - over $70 a day (we voluntarily paid it, it wasn't required, but to get the above amenities, you had to pay it). All the above is why they lose one star. 
For our actual room and overall accommodations, those were great. Decent room, clean bedding and bathroom, and a decent view of the Mississippi. But what the heck is with that freight train blowing its horn in the middle of the night... every night? Geez. 
One thing to also note, we had a wedding party with us, and they did not give a discount to the group for booking. So overall if you're looking for a good deal on a hotel, the Hilton is not the place to get that deal. We normally stay at the Drury in NOLA, and going forward, that will continue to be where we stay.My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Riverside for five nights. We had the pleasure of staying on the thirteenth floor and had Shawnette Mills as our housekeeper. 
Every time we left or returned to our hotel room, Shawnette would always greet us with her beautiful smile and kind words. 
Our hotel room was always spotlessly cleaned. The bed was always neatly made and our towels were folded perfectly.
Thank you for hiring an AMAZING housekeeper!Positives: 
Safe location
Nice and very clean rooms
Great service and staff
Deals to be had via PL and HW
Cons:
Can be a LONG walk to most of the sights (I love walking, but it's a ways to anything)
Parking rates are ludicrous 
Sprawling property, can be a chore to navigate around
Parking elevators were down, making it VERY difficult to get to the carI was at the Hilton Riverside for a conference and had no choice of hotel.
This is a conference/convention type of hotel.  A zillion rooms, lines to check in, lines at the concierge desk.  It's not surprising that the service is not exactly personal.  They're processing huge numbers of people.
What I did object to is that the place is just dirty.  The hallways and elevator carpets are stained.  My room was musty and it was on the 8th floor so it wasn't from flooding.  
Hilton Riverside is on the river, but it's a walk from the French Quarter and from nice restaurants.
My advice:  if you have a choice about where you stay -- and I didn't -- look elsewhere.The front desk person asked us if we wanted a smoking room in this hotel property giving us the full impression we booked a smoking room. The Following day after being out on our vacation, they blocked us out of the room and said we owed a 300$ smoking fee for the hotel because it was a nonsmoking hotel. I explained what the front desk person said to us by name to management and was told that it would be corrected internally but even ad a Hilton Honors member, there was nothing they can do. the worst customer service I've experienced even after explaining the price of the charge was almost the price of the room. the worst customer service example I've ever seen.Staff are friendly ... Good food and good ambience .. Nice to lounge and talk with friends and colleagues ! Neyda our server was very attentive and ahead of everything !!!! Definitely will go back here when I visit New Orleans again !!!Honestly I struggled between a 1 star and 2 star.  My family and I stayed here over the holidays as a get away. First, I was EXTREMELY disappointed as a Hilton Honors member, I couldn't get the Wi-Fi password because I booked the room via a third party because I got a better deal. Really? That right there was enough for me not to want to stay at a Hilton again.
We initially had 3 rooms right next to each other as a matter of convenience. Unfortunately the other two rooms had water  damage on the rug and smelled of mildew. Evidently the air conditioning was leaking and reeked havoc on their floors. My sister-in-law complained and they were able to move to other rooms. 
Other complaints:
Building 2 smelled like mildew.
My shower's grout was rusty.
The service forgot to clean my room one day.
No Wi-Fi password if you book via a third party - worth repeating.
Breakfast is not included.
Positives:
The bed is pretty comfortable.
The rooms are spacious.
It's next to the street car and the Convention center.Rather than a story, I should just do a list for this place because it is really a mixed bag.
1. Terrible value. Very expensive for what you are getting in a room and amenities. You know you are in for it when they charge extra for the Internet in a hotel that is several hundred dollars a day for a room.
2. Where you are located makes a huge difference in your experience. You can have a nice river side room or be right next to the railroad tracks. Better make sure before you stay and pay. There are several buildings and kinds of rooms. Be specific. The prices vary widely.
3. The rooms have no courtesy bar and it might be a long walk to go get something. Do not count on room service to show up with anything. We had to wait until the next day for our TV remote to show up with the cleaning crew that the previous guest apparently left with. They also thought it funny to reset the in-room safe code so we could not lock it again until someone showed up (the next day) to reset it. Our refrigerator did not work well and there is no microwave in the room.
4. Bathrooms are good and spacious with enough hot water. Rooms are clean and beds are comfortable.
5. Staff is friendly and courteous unless you act like a jerk, then they react accordingly.
6. Parking is an outrage, over $40 a day whether you park the car or they do. Was told by a local you are better off gambling at Harrah's across the street for two hours which is good for 24 hours of free parking. One catch, no minors are allowed anywhere inside Harrah's at all.
7. Breakfast is expensive. Food is decent but not great, especially considering you are in New Orleans where almost anywhere is excellent. The buffet is the better choice. Or somewhere else nearby. The bar in the lobby is also very expensive.
8. Excellent location next to the Riverwalk. There is a nice swimming pool on site.
9. When I made the reservation, they charged my credit card a whopping $500 deposit fee despite it being three months before we stayed there. I had to call them and demand they remove it or I would stay elsewhere, so they did.
10. This is not a corporate Hilton, it is a franchised business. That means they can have their own policies and procedures. Complaining to the corporate offices of Hilton does you no good whatsoever. For me, next time I will stay elsewhere in New Orleans.This has to be the worst dump that I ever stayed in.  First, when I got there, I ate dinner in the sports bar, and they poisoned me!  I was sick for three days.  Then, the room had a big stain on the carpet that looked like someone was murdered there, but they wouldn't change my room.  If you want a pop (soda) out of one of the vending machines, forget it--they don't bother to fill the machines.  The staff was inattentive, disorganized and dazed.  I love New Orleans, but I hate this place.  Plus, I was putting $ in Paris Hilton's pocket----Ughhhhhh!!!!My husband and I stayed at this location a few days ago while we were in town for my mother's wedding anniversary.  At first glance, it was fairly nice.  When we went to check in, they had our reservations for one night only (we had already paid for two), so that took awhile to correct.  The lady at the front desk was very polite and upgraded our room for us, so NONE of this review reflects upon her.
One of the pools was under repair, and one of the room buildings was undergoing renovations.  This wouldn't have been so bad were it not that the open pool was the one that was by the closed building, so you had to walk around the inside of the entire hotel to get to the pool.  This also would not have been so terrible (I mean, it was a hike, but I really didn't care) if we didn't have to walk through the convention area (while there was a convention) in order to get there.
As for the room.  It was a bit on the small side for 2 double beds, but the view (river/ city) was very nice.  The shower SUCKED!!!  You either had HOT or COLD water.  Not that it mattered much, since the shower just kind of dripped on you anyway.  The sink was cracked, and oddly enough only had WARM or HOT water (why couldn't have this been the case for the shower?  :)  ).  A nice cup of warm water is not what I was really looking for after running around sweating all day.
There was a dead roach on the mirror on the closet door, and there were Cheerios (mind you, we don't eat Cheerios) on the floor by the window.
I really am not picky when it comes to hotels...trust me...I generally just use them as a place to crash at the end of the day/ night, but for the price this could have definitely been better.
BTW, the Riverwalk mall is closed until 2014, and the little store in the hotel is on the CLOSED side.The senior citizen behind me in the "hilton honors" line was clearly very tired and in distress. It was 2 in the morning, the hotel had overbooked and customers clealy unhappy and discussions making the wait very long. Still, if I let the security and reception staff know that this poor person looked as though they would soon collaps, I expect more than a I can't help. Shame on you for this really abborant behavior!The starbucks inside took so long and the barista had a shit attitude. Took over 30 min and I didn't get my drink. Hotel is ok, can't recommend the food.Beautiful hotel with great views. Great location with the streetcars in front.  Beware of parking prices in all New Orleans hotels $34/night...cheapest we found was $20.This Hilton is one of my favorites. 
Before I decided to move to NOLA it acted as home base for every trip. Many memories and even more hungover mornings. Heck, my bachelor party stayed here and they didnt kick us out!
There is a Dragos downstairs. Their chargrilled oysters have a magical hangover cure, works every time. The bar in the lobby also makes a mean bloody mary. Tons of pickled items to float in em. Now if you are still hungover at this point...go back to bed!
It should be noted that this hotel also has a Starbucks and they will also deliver it to your room. Catering to my hungover lazy ass is worth its weight in gold.
Now that I live in Nola though, I still come here (just to use their pool..shhhhh!)I stayed at the Hilton riverside for a conference. This place was booked and the lowest rates were quite high (~300 night ), which was in the executive floor. After arriving and going into the room, I was a bit disappointed since the room was not too impressive for the high price. The extra cost for the executive floor is for the review and access to the executive lounge on the 29th floor. The executive lodge is nice and my fiancee and I went up to get free sodas, water, hor dourves, and breakfast. The concierge at the executive floor are very nice and they remembered my fiancee and I so we didn't have to keep showing our room key. Either they are very good at faces or we were the only asians up there the week we were there (we didn't see others). This was nice since when I asked the concierge downstairs for a map and got a cold stare and silence in response. It seemed that I interrupted a conversation with her coworker and that wasn't appreciated. Another negative of the hotel is that internet cost is per computer not room, which is way too much, and the gym is an extra cost. The location is pretty good since the hotel is right next to the river and a quick walk to the french quarter. BUT if I had to pay for this myself, I wouldn't stay here.I had such a great time in New Orleans it's a shame I must come back and write a less than stellar review of my temporary housing arrangements at this Hilton property.  
*Before my disgruntled review begins, I must say, the lone bright spot about this hotel is the location to Bourbon Street, French Quarter, Super dome, and other attractions downtown. 
Next time I come to N'awlins I will be staying at a different hotel but in the same proximity. While on vacation/business nobody wants added stress of navigating a terribly designed hotel with elevators that go to specific floors along with staff who all obviously posses no manners/common sense. 
I stayed at this hotel during a business trip, ohhh yeahhh...business trip to the Big Easy! Although my excitement was quickly stalled upon arriving at the hotel entrance. The film crew I was with had a some extra luggage and as the bellman greeted us at the entrance I told him we would not need any assistance. My job on the crew is to assist the camera operator and crew, which means handling the luggage. Apparently, this hotel charges $1 per item!!! to move from your car to anywhere on the property...and you are not allowed to use their luggage carts hahahaha I thought this was a joke until we were charged $20 to move a few things of camera gear to the second floor of the hotel, 1 floor up!. After arguing for several minutes and receiving a nasty attitude from several employees, we decided to not let this ridiculousness anger us anymore and moved on. 
Another disappointment. I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. My very first night 2 separate rooms in my hallway ordered room service and then put their tray outside their door to be picked up. On my fourth night both of those trays were still in the hallway!!!!!! 4 days later half eaten food, milk and other things were laying in our hallway while housekeeping staff/employees walked past it for 4 STRAIGHT DAYS. I ordered room service on my last night and I thought for sure both trays would be picked up after dropping mine off, but sure enough, the trays remained! Not to mention the service fee, automatic gratuity, and outrageously priced $11.50 for microwavable boneless chicken wings, was the cherry on top for this dinning experience. I was shocked. 
The hotel's location is probably the only good thing about it. All hotels are the same: bed, bathroom, amenities, shelter. The hotels that stand out provide for their customers. *I don't give a flying farfegnugen who runs this place but at least make sure you are reminding employees to use common sense. I don't care what type of policies you have either, customer service should be a priority not a nuisance, its your job.I really wanted to like the hotel. After reading other reviews, I almost booked at a different hotel instead. My conference was held here and I'd never been to New Orleans before, so I decided to stick with convenience. 
1. The conference center is nice. Halls are tight for big conferences, but there is plenty of rooms and the rooms are nice. Audio isn't great in rooms where their are dividers up. They had water in the back of each room, but it ran out in several rooms and wasn't replaced, so don't count on getting any. 
2. The room I stayed in was small. I was in the main building and faced the river. Several people complained about mouse from the train. I could see the train and heard it a few times, but it never woke me up and I'm a fairly light sleeper. 
3. Don't let them clean your room. I found expired creamer, extra lights in lamp shades. Arrived with 1 box of soap and 3 wash clothes. After they cleaned my room, it was replaced with 2 bars and 4 wash clothes, begging the question: was my room cleaned before I arrived. I used the coffee maker for hot water, but didn't use their coffee. After cleaning, I had 4 coffees, not 3. They replaced the two cups, but not the lids. I also didn't get hot drink sleeves the 2nd time. I also didn't have an ice bag when I arrived, but got one after they cleaned me room. 
4. Front desk staff was nice to me, but I heard one person arguing with a guest about a policy on seeing each guests credit card in person. No one asked for mine.
5. I was quoted $38/night for parking. Upon arrival they said the changed the price to $39. When I checked out, I asked about a receipt that included parking. I was never provided with one, but my card was charged. 
It wasn't bad, but for the price it wasn't worth it. Stay somewhere else.Well, I DID stay here during Mardi Gras, so I guess I do have to expect that the entire staff is overwhelmed- but in saying that, it's not like they don't know that Mardi Gras is coming- it happens every year! Room was okay, a little worn and outdated. There was some trash in the hallway that was there on the floor for the entire 3 days I was there. 
I ate at Drago's and had a good dinner there. All in all, my stay was okay, but it's time for an update, and they really need to get over the fact that it was Mardi Gras and do the best job they can with a SMILE...The amenities of this hotel are awesome, not to mention the perfect  location. But if you are hoping to sleep when you decide to sleep, then  look elsewhere. Between the train horns and boat horns, I was sleep deprived once I returned home. The restaurants are awesome and all of the workers were very accommodating and friendly, but I will stay somewhere else the next time I return to the NO.If I'm comparing this Hilton to my horrendous Motel 6 experience in Eureka, CA, then it gets 5 stars.  But if I'm comparing it to other Hilton hotels, it gets only one. 
This had to be the hottest hotel I've ever stayed in.  Each night, I cranked the thermostat down to 60...58...56... and crawled into bed.  And in no less than 18 seconds, I was covered in sweat.  Seriously.  One night, I had to get up at 2:30 and take a shower.
I was in one of the newer, renovated rooms and had access to the prestigious 29th floor lounge, which looks a little like the breakfast room at your local Holiday Inn.  The coffee/espresso machine was a nice touch, but otherwise, the selection included all the obvious choices - little boxes of cereal, pastries, un-ripened fruit.
It was fine. If your company is paying for your room, as mine was, it's decent. If you yourself are paying $219/night for a sweat lodge and a bowl of Frosted Flakes... well, maybe there are better options.We were in town for the final four and had a blast! On our way home, I asked the question,"What was your favorite part if the trip?" My friend answers,"Winning the championship, of course!!!" I laughed and then tried again.... "Well, your second favorite". She says,"Beating Louisville!!" Another laugh, and I insisted..."OK! The third favorite!" She thinks, and says,"Having breakfast every morning with Alexandera". "Who is that", I asked,and she said, "Our waitress, silly!!                                                            And she was right! It was the perfect start to each day. She was helpful, bubbly, and sweet. She even remembered here name, it is Alexander Peyton. If you get a chance, PLEASE! PLEASE HAVE BREAKFAST WITH HER! She made our whole trip. Thank you, Alexander, we will see you soon!Been in line to check in for 15 minutes. Staff is eating in back room. At least 25 in line. One person doing check ins for non hhonors people. 4 staff for hhonors where there are 4 in line.Located slightly outside of the French Quarter, the Hilton is conveniently located to reach nearly any spot a tourist might like to visit. It's a 10 min walk to the warehouse district, French Quarter and central business district. The river walk is just steps away. 
Rooms are clean and comfortable. We loved the bath products in the room - not overly scented. 
It's strange that the room we booked with two queen beds came with just 3 towels. That was quickly resolved. 
If you're a Hilton Honors remember you get free wifi. A huge perk. There are also computers on the 2nd floor lobby available for you to hop on the Internet and print for free - great for those last minute things you forgot as well as your boarding pass. 
We'd stay at the Hilton again for sure!Staying here for a conference. It's old, smells musty, and I caution anyone with breathing issues to avoid this place. My first room had a leaky window (more like a waterfall). They moved me to an "upgrade" which is really a downgrade. The service here is horrible except the bell hop that helped me move.
Edited to add: mildew in the shower. Disgusting...that's all.The front desk told me I had free parking on my block of rooms. When I tried to access free parking I was told it's not really free. So sorry we messed up. So I parked and now I am have to pay.  Their employees represented one thing and the hotel will not back it up. Horrible customer service at this hotel. I would not recommend staying here.Well, after my first night in New Orleans at the Doubletree (review posted) I walked a few blocks down and checked into the Hilton Riverside.  I will say that I score a rate $10 less than the Doubletree.
I am much happier here.  The staff really do care and are pleasant and professional.  The room is nice with a great view.  The pool was great and the spa was sorely needed after another day of walking all over the city.  The river views from the executive lounge rock.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that my non smoking room smelled to high heaven of smoke.  I called and they had someone quickly come it and spray it all down so I would not be charged for it (I really do not smoke.)
The location is still great and close to everything.  It is a bigger property but the rates are great!  Check them out!I usually stay at Hiltons for business travel, so I love the brand.  This one not so much.  The location's nice, on the water, near the convention center, and reasonably close to the French Quarter.  
As stated, it's huge.  During conference breaks, be prepared to stop at a lot of floors on the elevator.  The bigger problem for me was the noise.  I've got a long day out of meetings, and all I wanted was some peace at bedtime (midnight - so it's not like I'm asking a lot, is it?)  
Where to start... barge traffic (they have horns), some crazy kids across the hall (they were locking each other out of the room and shouting through the door at one another), and best of all - the constant whir and buzzing of the service elevator (it's like someone's vacuuming constantly and the desk lamp and my computer would flicker).  The hotel was full up, so the front desk said they couldn't move me when I asked/complained.  
Last year I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in the warehouse district.  Sketchier location and smaller rooms, but actually a shorter walk to the convention center and a much more comfortable stay.These days I prefer to stay at smaller hotels. I stayed at the Hilton Riverside one night when I was in NOLA for a conference. Cliff, the bellman, was awesome. So were the staff in the hotel restaurant that has the $20 breakfast buffet.
Hotel was busy because of mulitple conferences going on there.
Room was clean and spacious enough. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom felt private.  Coffee maker was good. Usually don't use them for fear of the unknown, but this one felt safe. 
Found out there's a coffee shop on the 2nd floor.
All in all, a good hotel. Very close to the Riverwalk mall and Harrah's.I stayed here since I was attending a cyber security convention. When I got to the room they gave me at the beginning of my stay, I wasn't super enthused and told them so. Because of my Silver status with Hilton, they immediately moved me to a king suite... and it was AWESOME! It had an oversized floor height king bed, living and dining room, and a mini kitchen. Awesome view too!
Parking in New Orleans, and especially at this hotel, is ridiculous... $50 day (some in and out, but some not... so watch out!) If you don't plan to drive yourself to the plantation and swamp tours, etc. then just Uber/Lyft it. It will cost you more than the car rental to park.
The Hilton screwed me over and charged me more than the SANS quoted rate, but with the room they gave me it was kinda hard to bitch because that room would have been more than double the price I paid.
I'd stay here again. It's close enough to walk to the French Quarter but far enough to be quieter. Go!I checked into the first room and it smelled like mildew. The "manager" told me they could send someone up to rectify that. How does one remove mold/mildew? Since they were fully  booked,  there was no place to move me, she said. After I  insisted, someone said they could move me but couldn't send a bellman up. I would have to go back through the 15-minute check-in line to get the new key.  Upon arriving back in the lobby, I realized it smelled like sewage. The next room was dusty and smelled like paint. One way or another, they intend to kill me, I guess.My company stayed here for a business trip from May 4th to May 10th (6 nights).  On Saturday, May 7th, I returned to my room to meet my husband around 3:30pm.  At that time our room had not been cleaned, which was odd as my husband had said the cleaning people had been on our floor (by our room) all morning long.  I changed my clothes and put my jewelry in my Kendra Scott box and placed it back in the safe.  I called housekeeping and asked them to make sure that they please clean our room.  We returned to our room around 8:30pm Saturday night.  I took of my jewelry and laid it on the dresser.  Got up on Sunday May 8th to get ready to go to my meetings.  Approximately around 8:30am I opened the safe to take out my Kendra Scott box and put on my jewelry.  The box was missing.  We searched the room, no box to be found.  We then called security and reported it.  Security arrived and took the report while in the mean time telling that when I got home I would find it (says it happens all the time).  I assured him it is not at home...I had just been in the night before. Kevyn was the security person's name...he was not apologetic, sympathetic, or anything...just accusatory.  I left for my meetings.  Came back Sunday afternoon and asked to speak to a manager so I could find out the details, the manager knew nothing about it.  I had to explain the entire situation again.  He told me that the cleaning lady was off that day and they could not question her until the next day.  On Monday, May 9th, I returned to the front desk again to talk to the general manager...I was told he was not available.  I was given to another manager, who again did not know what was going on.  This manager's name was "Lionel".  He did try to find out, and said he would get back with me.  He did follow up and sent "Kevyn" to my room.  Kevyn was so rude and disrespectful.  I had to ask him to leave, when he refused I had to call Lionel to get him to leave the room.  We were told by Kevyn that they had questioned the cleaning lady on Sunday (after I had been told they could not question her due to her being off).  I could not get anyone to answer me on when they really questioned her.  On Monday we requested that the police be called for a report to be placed.  Lionel said that their investigation was completed and they would turn it in to their claims department and they would be contacting me.  I asked for a copy of their investigation and was told I could not have one.The police did come and take our report.  On Tuesday, the day we were checking out, I called Lionel and asked for him to send an email to all of his staff that we were offering a $2,000 cash reward for the return of my grandmother's wedding ring that was in the box, he told me he didn't think they could not do that but would check.  I did call later, he said the general manager (that I have asked to speak to multiple times and have yet to speak to) said they would.  I asked him to please give them my cell phone number as well as copy me on the email so I know what was sent out and they would have my email address..he assured me that he would.  As of today, NOTHING.  Just heard from the "claims" department, they have DENIED any payment for the reimbursement of any of the stolen jewelry.  Says they cannot prove negligence on the hotel's part.  REALLY?  When they read the card reader on the door, the only keys that opened that door on Saturday evening was mine, my husband's and the cleaning lady!  I have no understanding how a well known, very nice hotel chain can get by with treating their customers like this?  No one offered to help, no one even said I am sorry, and then to deny when $1,310 worth of jewelry was stolen....no recourse??Don't leave anything in the room because Housekeeping steals. We have stayed here countless times but it will be my last. I hate thieves!! We were there literally as she was cleaning and she had our stuff moved around and low and behold the exact thing we came back for was missing. THIEVES SUCK! Will never be back!!!!i stayed here last week for my honeymoon and despite being super sick, i had a fantastic experience. 
my husband and i had a room on one of the executive levels with a view of the river. being sick was a unique blessing in disguise in the sense that i had a couple sleepless nights, and was able to catch  some breathtaking sunrises. 
staying on the executive level definitely gives you more bang for your buck since you are treated to free breakfast and evening appetizers everyday. the breakfast is a standard toast, oatmeal, fruit and coffee spread. nothing fancy, but for free...it's a great way to save a couple bucks in a city where you could spend a hundred on every meal. evening apps were delicious, and like i said...a great way to save a little cash. 
as i mentioned i was sick for a couple days, and the staff was super accommodating to my needs (more pillows, blankets, and of course tissue). 
the hotel has a great central location in the business district which is just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of the french quarter, but close enough that you can walk. take the river walk for about 5-10 minutes and you're there...don't waste your money on the cabs getting to the french quarter. but if you need to head somewhere a little further, there are a line of them outside which is quite helpful. and you can go to the riverwalk outlet without even going outside. which was great because we were there during a cold snap!
i hope to travel to new orleans again one day and make up for a couple of the days i spent sick in bed, and if so...i will definitely stay here again.Good location but the fact that you have to pay $44 a day to park is outrageous then they don't allow you to use their luggage carts. they force you to use their bell hops or carry your on luggage. house keeping don't come around until late in the day except for your check out day then they are there bright and early. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.This location is fantastic for both business and tourist trips to New Orleans. For business, it's really close to the business district, the convention center, and to a lot of restaurants. For tourism, it's close to the river, close to the casino, close to a mall, and close to the French & Garden districts. 
The facilities are also great; they have several kiosks for travelers to check in to their outbound flights & print boarding passes, and there is no extra charge to check your luggage at the bell desk between the couple of hours you might have between check-out and your flight. 
I was at this hotel for a convention (held in the hotel, not at the convention center), and was impressed by how well the hotel dealt with the needs of convention-attendees. In particular, I loved that we had our own WIFI access code, so that we did not compete with the rest of the hotel guests for internet. It was also a nice touch to have personalized room cards.
Service at check-in, the bell desk, the hotel bar, the executive lounge, and the taxi stand was amazing; every single person went above and beyond to be helpful, which is something I really appreciate. They seemed to understand that travelers are by nature confused and stressed out by being in an unfamiliar place in an unfamiliar city.Again we had to return to New Orleans and our choice of hotel was Hilton Riverside. We had the must enjoyable time in the concierge lounge upstairs. Robert the bartender up there is unbelievable. He is a true Frenchmen of Louisiana and a vault of information of the area. The view is worth the cost of admission. Great place and I may make a extra visit to NO just to see him again. What a hotel!!!!  MarionNot the best experience I have ever had at a Hilton property.  The front desk staff was cold and unemotional.  My room was quite small but clean.  
The restaurants are overpriced, the parking is overpriced, the convenience store is overpriced but that is what you expect from a downtown Hilton.  
The room was cleaned promptly and completely each day.  The only issue that I encountered was that my door would not open properly.  Maintenance was dispatched and attempted to repair the door and it seemed to be better.   Unfortunately the next day the door started acting up again. I decided to just leave it and deal with it.Conference experience
I stayed here for a conference and found the hotel to have its good and its bad points. The location is good and the hotel itself was about average for a Hilton. Nothing special but not bad. The conference facilities and conference food were both above average and I was pleasantly surprised. Much better than expected and several of my colleagues expressed the same feelings.
Check-in and all the regular hotel functions were as expected. The lobby has a nice coffee spot and an office center. Location is good, if you like to gamble you are right across from Harrah's. And if you like to explore it is an easy walk to the French Quarter and there are always cabs and pedicabs outside the front door fro those who would rather ride. 
The biggest downfall for this hotel is that the train tracks that run along the riverside mean that you can expect to hear train horns all night. I am a heavy sleeper and I was jolted out of my sleep 2-3 times per night. We had a river view room which meant I was 80 feet above the train which ran directly under my window. Ouch...
I have no idea how it is on the city side of the hotel but if I were to stay here again I would only do it if I had a city side room. If they couldn't guarantee me that, I would pass. The view is nice, but sleep is good too when you have to be on your game for clients...This place was awful from the beginning. There was confusion with our booking (3rd party issue) and the clerk and the manager of the front desk advised us to stand and wait in the lobby while they waited for a call. We were traveling with a 4 year old and this was at the end of the day. The staff did nothing to help us, offered no apologies and didn't even give us a place to sit. After 15 min of standing my husband made a call and then, miraculously, they came to offer us a room (they had sworn the hotel was fully booked). 
Room was ok but had dirty fingerprints and brown smudges on the bathroom door. The restaurants and shops in this place are an awful joke - incredibly expensive and completely mediocre. Pools were pathetic for such a huge hotel. Also, you have to pay for the gym. This place is just a money pit for business travelers. 
Do not recommend.Very disappointed in Hilton. They want to charge their guests for using the gym. Tired if nickel and dime concept. You pay for the hotel, for Internet, a basic treadmill to work out on is free at most any other hotel. Not good p, not happyCame here for a presentation for the american society of criminal justice and I have to say the hotel was large for the conference staff was friendly and overall the place was very clean.This is mostly related to the Hilton's hotel bar - Spirits Lounge and the manager Danny. I was at the Hilton for a conference and hosted a happy hour in the bar. A week prior to this I called the hotel bar, stating we would need a reserved area and would be paying on one check. No problem they said. I don't remember who I spoke with. We arrived early and the waitstaff showed us to our reserved space. Halfway through the happy hour, I was approached by the manager Danny accusing me of taking someone else's reserved space and he wanted to know who I spoke with. The ironic thing, the other reservation was to start as we were planning to leave. In hospitality, I am sure double bookings happen, but the manager didn't seem to excited to "make it work." I offered up the space we were not using to the other group who had people arriving early. The manager then approached my co-worker and was very direct that we were using someone else's space and needed to leave as soon as 5:30 hit. Then    at 5:35 as I was waiting for the check, the manager again approached me and said "So you are done now? Right? We need this space." He then approached one of my clients, placed his hand on her back and said, "You need to finish up. Your party is over." I felt like I was being kicked out of a bar. We had one tab of $350 for an hour! I called the hotel to complain and was told I would receive a call back from the Food & Bev manager and that never happened. 
There are a lot of other great bars/restaurants in the area. Don't waste your time on the convenience of the lobby bar. So much for hospitality.pros: 2 heated pools & 1 hot tub, hot water in my shower, on the riverfront streetcar line, nice staff, hbo&flat screen tv's in every room
cons: they couldn't give me a king sized bed, the pools weren't open 24 hours, the riverfront streetcar sucks, not too far from everything but certainly not surrounded by anything fun (the riverfront mall is pretty much a place for drunks & drug addicts to hang out and get high), my room overlooked a courtyard so i had to keep my blinds drawn b/c ppl could just walk right byGibt es die Mglichkeit 0 Sterne zu vergeben? Falls nicht, seit ich dieses Hotel gesehen habe, bruchte ich sie. Zimmer unsauber, mit eindeutigen, noch feuchten, klebrigen Flecken, alte, benutzte Seife in der Dusche. Habe dann ein anderes Zimmer bekommen, aber denkt ja nicht, dass man sich um den Umzug gekmmert htte, drei Mal musste ich mit kompletten Gepck nach 20 Stunden Anreise durch das Hotel ziehen. Fr den Zimmerpreis ein no-go!I really wasn't a fan of this hotel. I've stayed in the Sheraton across the street and it is leaps and bounds better. The beds are semi stiff at the hotel, you get the cheap scratchy toilet paper in the rooms and its really nothing special and tou cannot get 24 hr room service. The one plus  is its a good location and Dragos is a good restaurant. I will stay at the Sheraton next time where everything is updated and super plushWell located if you're attending an event at the convention center. Also within walking distance of the French Quarter, Canal Street and other tourist attractions. And there is a trolley stop just outside. But the hotel itself is dated and much in need of a renovation, especially the guest rooms.Dont bring kids here. Everyone will glare at you angrily just for existing, even if they are well behaved. Their cribs are pack'n plays without the fitted sheets that are safe for infants, and they wont allow them in a room with two queen beds. 
Every food option in the hotel is way over priced. (Im from the northeast, so im used to high cost of living, but this is outlandish.) The breakfast restaurant near the lobby is $28 for the buffet and is slightly better than a continental breakfast at a generic hotel. At least kids eat free. 
Also their are three separate buildings for the hotel on different sides of  a rail line connected by a maze of escalators and harder to navigate elevators (which are necessary for strollers or wheelchairs). Also the trains blaring their horns several times a night, right outside your room, is absurd. (Who thought this would be a good place for a hotel?!?
... My wife literally just went to wash her hands in a lobby bathroom and the automatic soap dispenser shot a bug into her hand.
This was marketed as "connected to" the convention center. It is not. You can get into the Riverwalk mall directly from the Hilton, and walk through it to get close to the convention center. But there is in fact no direct connection between this hotel and the convention center.I went to a wedding here, so this is a review of a wedding experience.
First off all, the Hilton Riverside is HUGE! It almost seems never ending and there are a ton of meeting rooms and halls. For the wedding I went to, we all went into one big room for the actual ceremony and then we were lead across the way to a bigger room for the reception.
Now, this is mainly going to be a review of the food, because is there really any other reason to go to a wedding? Seriously. So, this wedding had a lot of awesome food that was all provided by the Hilton chef's (or whoever is in charge of that type of thing). There was oysters Rockefeller that were delicious, but I think that my favorite was the fish and cheese spread. I know it sounds odd to serve fish at a wedding, but it was super fresh and delicious. Long story short: the food was on point.
The room where the reception was wasn't the biggest room I have ever been in for a reception, but it got the job done and everyone seemed to have a good time.I have to downgrade my previous review. I took a red-eye from LA and left my IPad on the plane (my bad). I called the airlines and they said that they would have it delivered that night.  I told the front desk  (in person)  that my IPad was being delivered and  to please, please notify me when it was delivered. Never got a call. The next morning and asked at the front desk if it had been delivered.  No, it wasn't, they said.  Panic.  So I called the airlines several times trying to get a live person. Finally I got someone  who said they had sent it via courier the night before and had been left at the concierge desk. What??  I went to the desk and they said that they didn't have it.   I said please double check because the airlines says they delivered it.  The guy goes back and after about five minutes comes out with it in a box, with my name, phone number and room number clearly written on the tag.  I asked why didn't somebody call me and let me know it was here??  The guy just shrugged and said "I dunno" and then went about his business. 
This kind of "I don't care" attitude is rampant here, with some staff being very nice, but most really poorly trained.  Stay somewhere else.I'll update this review as the days pass, as I'm currently a guest. We drove our car and decided on self parking because I don't like to have to wait on the valets when I'm ready to go somewhere. But for that, I would recommend the valet. The self park garage is a really long distance to your room. 
The Harrah's is directly outside the front door if you like gambling. The streetcar stop is directly outside the front door as well. We rode the streetcar this morning all the way to the French market and then walked around that area for a bit.  
The room we have has 2 queen beds. It was clean. The beds are comfortable, plenty of pillows.  The air conditioning works very well and is adjustable to very cold, the way I like it. The shower/bath was clean and had good pressure. 
I don't like the fact that the you have to pay extra to use the fitness center.We are locals and like to visit the city randomly. We decided this hotel for the weekend and regret it. Mostly due to the bar/ restaurant. I understand bars are open to make money, but a vodka and water shouldn't be $20 each. We also decided to get "fried mozzarella" from the menu to go ($12). Horrible!! Once we got to the room and opened the box I was shocked. As soon as I bit into it I realized there was zero mozzarella. More like fried dough! I'd never stay here again or go to the bar and restaurant ever. Sad and embarrassing for this place to be considered "New Orleans style" pathetic.Great location if you're willing to do a little walking. Drago's is an added plus since it's on the ground floor of the hotel. Hotel was clean, quiet and spacious. We had a room on the 15th floor facing the river and it was gorgeous. One thing to be weary about is parking, it wasn't an issue for us since we found a cheap lot about 4 blocks away but if you don't do preplanning you could be stuck with ~$40 a day in parking fees.Awesome view of the river, close to the convention center and Saks Fifth Avenue, and complete with a full array of business travel necessities (in-hotel cafes and restaurants for when you need a quick bite, business center) -- this will be my first pick for my next trip to New Orleans.Hilton New Orleans Riverside is in the middle of everything! If you have a trip to New Orleans coming up, I highly recommend staying here. The check in person, Raye was extremely nice and welcoming. I have Hilton Honors, so I was upgraded to a room on a higher floor. We had views of the Mississippi River and the Harrahs Casino across the street! Lol. 
The room was just ok. Nothing too fancy and could use a little updating (hence the 4 stars). You have access to the indoor mall from the hotel and are walking distance to the French Quarter, which was great! Did I mention that Harrah's casino was literally across the street?! 
If you want to have a filling breakfast, I recommend opting for the breakfast buffet. They do made-to-order omelets and have a decent variety of food. Sherry, our waitress was super attentive, and not in an annoying way either. 
I have a few more days here and will update my review towards the end of my trip.I just stayed at this Hilton for a conference.  The riverside rooms have all been refurbished, so much so that my room had a faint new paint smell.  Other parts are of the complex are still undergoing renovation. 
The room was spacious.  The housekeeping staff did nice touches like putting out extra shampoo and soap when they realized there were two of us in the room.  
The banquet food was actually pretty tasty as that goes.  You can walk to the French Quarter in about 10-15 minutes from the hotel, so it's a good location.  
The room rate was $199 per night.Good service, great location, hotel is showing some age.  Could really use a spa,  best message I've had in years despite the cockroach in the corner of the room. Truly a room in a hallway next to the gym, not ideal.Really disappointed to be honest. Great location, nice bar and restaurant, service is well below hilton honors standards!! Rooms are average at best, exec. Level is ok (drinks are way over priced). Next time in NOLA i will try another hotel (westin, Sheraton, or marriott)Sometimes, when you go to a conference, your company makes you share a room in order to save a buck or two.  In this case, I hope the Hilton was charging the ones I was sharing my room with - and sends a letter of condolence to the one I killed... When I put my foot in my shoe.
Yes, the 7th floor of the Hilton had some cock roaches.  One less, since one  unfortunate cockroach chose to sleep in my shoe.  Why didn't he sleep in the other double bed - it had 6 pillows, but there was enough room for even a large cock roach.
As I write this, I wonder if it was intentional that they booked the room to me and my companions from the insect world?  Every evening the key to my room wouldn't let me back in.  I bet they gave the cockroaches a different key and they kept getting locked out too!
The internet at the hotel was slow.  There are 22 floors and with at least two conferences worth of business people, I'm sure they were sucking bandwidth.  Or it was the cockroaches looking at cockroach porn.
I would have been better off going to the gym, with how often I was getting the "this page can't be loaded" error.  The signs (I never did actually go) indicated that it was a full featured health club - even with outside memberships.  And judging from the size of the cockroach who plodded through my room while I took an evening constitutional, you can get pretty buff there.
I wouldn't choose to stay here again.  There are lots of hotels (nice ones) that are close to the Hilton Conference Center or the New Orleans Convention Center.Top line: it's a hotel! You can sleep there. It doesn't suck.
I stayed here for 5 nights for a conference for work, as I was too busy to shop around for a deal, and it was close to the conference venue. As a conference hotel, it's totally adequate. The beds are comfortable, the room was clean, if a bit worn, and the pools are really pleasant.
The best part about this hotel is probably the location -- getting to and from the convention center is a snap, and you're just a 10-15 minute walk from lots of fun things to do. Check in and check out, the staff at the bell desk, and the housekeeping staff were all friendly and helpful. My request for hypoallergenic room preparation was fulfilled with no problems.
The worst part is probably the layout. I'm sure this hotel was built in stages, and there are three (???) different buildings that are attached in really awkward ways. It's so big you can't really find your friends effectively, and to be frank I was a bit intimidated by the sheer scale of the building. Check-in is somehow tucked up on the second floor, which was disconcerting. It's weird but I suppose it can't be helped.
Overall my stay was just fine, and was a decent deal for the price.Located at the end of Poydras Street, it's an easy walk to the Canal St. street cars and right next to the riverfront street car to the French Quarter.  Convenient if you're headed downtown or to the French Quarter.
We got a nice room with a view of the river.  I like having a refrigerator.  My only gripe was that the TV wouldn't work consistently and the maids never did replace a hallway light bulb in our room.  Didn't realize that the second floor contained a Starbucks and a passageway to the Riverwalk outlet mall (and another Cafe du Monde).  
My last gripe was with the bartenders at the bar downstairs.  It's got loads of flat screens and you would think on an NFL Sunday, the bartenders would know how to operate the Direct TV to tune in the various games.  And my particular bartender wasn't very friendly.The best hotel.. near indoor mall, onsite restaurant and I stayed in an awesome suite with view of the river.   Enjoyed my stay.I am currently staying here at the Hilton and is extremely disappointed. For a four star hotel the lack of attention to the details and over charging for everything is ridiculous.
A couple of things that seriously stand out. There is no longer a Jacuzzi and Riverwalk is CLOSED. There is no Cafe du Monde on prem.
So if you are looking forward to those things, its not here.
Now to the room. The first room i was given was next to the elevator. For two nights all i can hear was the loud grumble of the elevator going up and down day and night. 
The shower had a malfunction and 1/2 the water was coming out the shower head, the other half going down the spigot. The worst part was, the hot water was going out the spigot portion, the cold water out the shower head. The shower head was encrusted in lime, seriously?
I am here with a family of 4. I asked for additional towels, soaps/shampoo/conditioner and since we flew in some toothpaste.
We first got the shampoo/soaps/conditioners. No towels or toothpaste. So i call again to check on the status. 
Then they bring me the towels. By this time the whole family has showered and we've shared wet towels. 
No toothpaste. I gave up, went and bought my own toothpaste.
They did not change sheets and linens and we find, wow you need to put the blue card located in the bathroom on your pillow to get a linen change. Also remember to throw your used towels on the floor.
Day 3, i can no longer stand the elevator rumble, and cold showers while scalding my feet. im sure my kids and wife arent enjoying it either. We complain to the front desk and was able to get a room at the riverside of the hotel. 
Front desk was EXCELLENT. I hope they are being compensated because thats the only saving grace.
We move to a room, the AC is lacking? to keep the room at 73, we need to turn the AC to 64. In NOLA, that is nearly unbearable. The ac is also covered in black mold which im allergic to. Glad i brought my allergy meds.
Shower head is ALSO encrusted in lime. This shower is not leaking! awesome regular temperature water. Shoot, the shower curtain liner is 1/2 size so water is effusing out of the tub. Lovely. 
Again ask for towels and additional shower amenities. Got the towels, but no soap. I gave up again, went out and got my own soap and shampoo.
Next day, remember to put my blue card to get linens changed. 
come back Linen's changed but only 2 sets of towels instead of the original 3. Come on...
Again not too many show stoppers, but for a 4 star hotel, they sure are missing alot of the details that makes the stay and vacation special. 
the location is close to street car, should be able to view the fireworks from my room, and close to the casino. This is good. 
If they can solve the details, you would have an amazing stay here.
PS Parking is 41$ Internet is an additional 10$ a day. Gyms an additional ?? no idea, i dont work out too much  :-). Prepare for additional charges.I'm a Hilton devotee for my personal and business travel. I chose this hotel for its location. Next to Harrah's casino, on 2 of the red streetcar lines and easy walking distance to fine restaurants, museums, attractions, shopping and, of course, the French Quarter. Front desk staff were awesome from early check-in (last minute) friendliness to easy check-out and complementary 'extra' water when I left mine in the room.  The in-house restaurant, Dragos, is highly regarded, though I didn't dine there. The open, atrium lobby, bar & restaurant looks inviting and was well utilized. Room was fine but nothing to get excited about.  As previously noted, parking is pricey but valet service is efficient.  Next time I will request a higher floor with a view.  Yes, I'll be back.Beautiful hotel! I was fortunate to get a corner room overlooking the river when I stayed here last. I didn't want to leave! The room was modern, clean, and rather large. The bathroom was also fairly renovated with plenty of counter space. I would definitely stay at this hotel again since it's a short walk to the French Quarter as well as a short drive to the Garden District. Not to mention Harrah's casino is right across the street. The con to staying in this hotel is the staff. While the valet men, and Justin, our room service attendant were top notch, the woman who checked us in was rather unfriendly. Not rude, just deadpan, AND she was training a new desk clerk. She made us feel very unwelcome upon arrival, almost as if we were inconveniencing her by our arrival. The sports bar located in the hotel is terrible. Terrible food, jacked up prices, and even worse service. The bartenders were very loudly discussing their poor tips behind the bar, our server got my order wrong and instead of apologizing she said I had ordered the wrong thing, and when we got our bill it was over $100. I had a plain Caesar salad, my husband had a burger, and we each had two cocktails. Mind you we were only there for 45 minutes. So we paid the bill but did not tip our server 20% of our $114 bill because she certainly did not represent $114 worth of service in 45 minutes. Once leaving SHE was loudly discussing with the bartender our poor tip. Lucky for her I didn't hear it, but my husband did and told me after we returned to our room. The next night, we decided to give it another chance after returning from the wedding we attended in town. It was 11:50, the bar closes at midnight. We did not realize this. Once we sat at the bar the bartender gruffly spouts "We're closed!" Without even turning around from closing up the liquor shelf. I said we came in to give it another try, and we did. That sealed the deal for us to never go back. 
Stay at the hotel because it is a beautiful experience, order room service because room service staff is very friendly. Enjoy a conversation with the valet guys, but I do not recommend visiting the bar, and don't expect too much from the staff up front.The wedding that brought me to NOLA was happening at the Hilton and since the husband was in the wedding party, the Hilton is where we were staying.  The place was an up and down ride.  On the positive, the room was spacious and clean.  Loved our king size bed.  For the size of the room however the bathroom was small.
the location is ideal for a visit to NOLA.  Close to everything.
The staff was extremely courteous most of the time until that evening after Essence Fest no conference until tomorrow staff came on duty.  Rude as hell.
Would have received 4 stars except for the up and down service and the high price.If you are going to a conference and it is being held at this hotel seriously consider staying at the Ritz Carlton or the Marriott. While the charbroiled oysters at Drago's are amazing, the proximity to the restaurant cannot make up for the substandard service you will receive at this hotel. From the non-working room keys, the excessively long waits at the registration desk to obtain a new key, the rude curbside assistants, the mean and rude Cajun bartender, the non-working WiFi, the long trek to the gym where you have to pay $10 to work out, and repeatedly having to request that your room be cleaned after being gone for hours, your stay at this hotel will be unpleasant.  I rarely write reviews but my stay at this hotel definitely warranted one.Pros:
* Free internet in the second floor lobby
* Most of the staff was very nice and helpful
* The hotel is directly connected to the mall
* The king-bed room was sizeable.
* Room service was quick. The food was serviceable but not great.
Cons:
* The internet in the rooms are expensive and you have to purchase separate plans for each device.
* The bed spread was dirty and we had to call guest services to have it replaced.
* There was a small blanket in the closet but that was also dirty.
* The man who brought us a new blanket kept giving my husband angry looks while we switched the blankets out.Great place to keep you close to the commotion of the city but not right in it.  You can walk to Bourbon Street in less than 20 minutes and there is a lot of fun along the way.  The hotel itself was great, you are right by the river and can see it from your window depending on where you stay.  Rooms were clean and spacious, I'd stay here again in a heart beat.  
pro tip: even with the river right there, don't hop the fence and get into the river.  Not admitting guilt, just giving advice.Excellent location! Harrah's casino is across the street. Riverwalk is right there. The French Quarter is a 5 minute walk.  Convention Center is an easy 5-10 minute walk.  I think this Hilton is the closest to the Convention Center of any other hotel.
Our first room they gave us was in the main building with an adjoining door on either side where we were hearing people talking from both attached rooms! As if that wasn't enough, we could hear the elevator go up and down, up and down....so we went immediately to the front desk and switched rooms. The front desk girl said, "well, all we have available is in the OTHER building". I said. "I don't care as long as it's quiet".  The two buildings are attached, so you don't go outside, we had a view of the Mississippi River and it was heavenly QUIET.  I don't know what the big deal was being in the second building. It was great and we were there for six nights.
The bar in the main building was a great place for after convention drinks and the charbroiled oysters were to die for! 
The room was cleaned and fresh towels brought daily. The staff was friendly and helpful. All in all a good Hilton experience.Many negatives to this hotel.  
Two standout negatives with my experience here:
1. We reserved a King room.  Upon checking in, discovering two double beds and returning to the front desk, we were informed that reserving a King room does not guarantee you receive one.  I was told this in a very matter of fact type way.  We were told that "luckily" they had one King room left.  The King room we paid for was $50 more a night than the room they initially wanted to give us.  After this interaction, we reviewed our reservation confirmation and could not find this information anywhere.  VERY misleading and dishonest.  So, if you opt to pay more for "1 King Bed City View", it's really a crapshoot if you'll get what you paid for, or be stuck in a less expensive room that you paid more for.  I would take your money elsewhere, to a hotel that will give you the room you paid for, without any sweat.
2. We selected this hotel for many reasons, one being that it had a fitness room.  The fitness room is listed on their website along with all of the other amenities, such as wifi and pool access.  Upon check in, we were informed that the fitness center costs $14, PER DAY, per person.  $30 for us to go to the gym, once, when we are paying to stay in the hotel?  No thank you.  Again, misleading information.  Dishonesty.
Otherwise, the hotel was fine.  The bed was comfortable.  Except the king size bed had queen size pillows.  Oh yeah, and the hairdryer was from the 1960s and the phone from the 1980s.  Oh and also, when we arrived, weary from travel, we had to wait almost 30 minutes to check in.  Maybe more than just two standout negatives...nothing felt romantic, special, or at all made me feel like I was being taken care of or catered to.  Actually, I walked away feeling like the hotel was trying to take advantage of me and squeeze all the money it could from me.The Hilton Riverside is proudly hosting ALEC, the American Legislative Executive Council, which crafts legislation- with the underwriting of corporations-aimed at loosening environmental protections, opposing gun control, restricting access to voting, weakening labor unions, and lavish tax cuts for multinational corporations. Many corporations have had the sense to back away from this toxic quasi-legal group, but not the Hilton. I would never have stayed here had I known they were hosting them (and, the day before, the Heritage Foundation, which stated they were looking for new ways to capitalize on (now former) EPA director Pruitt's "successes") and will not stay at a Hilton in the future. 
And if you are on board with all of the above and it only makes you want to stay here more, housekeeping forgot to make up my room twice.