Expertly brewed coffee from Counter Culture and possibly the best Cobb Salad I've ever had. Decor is great, staff very friendly and helpful.Stopped in for some coffee to go for my family to start the day. I was greeted when I walked in and the place looked clean and neat. I ordered 4 coffees and to fresh muffins. The coffee was great. The muffins were a little too fancy for my taste. I would have preferred a basic Blueberry muffin but it was good and hot. 
We will comeback next time we stay in the area.Hivolt is an awesome coffee shop in the Garden District. The coffee is excellent. I also love the Cacao Smoothie, which includes a double shot espresso, banana, agave, raw cacao, and almond milk. It is a delicious smoothie that will also give you caffeine. Although I did not eat the food, it looked delicious. It is a coffee shop but is the size of a restaurant.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Best blue berry muffin I ever had and great breakfast sandwich.  We stopped in early in morning just exploring the area best coffee shop I've been to!  We are from St. Louis and now I want to visit again just to come here.Our temporary local! On a week stay in the Magazine St area this became our quick stop before the days wanderings began. Large variety breakfast menu, good lattes, quick service in queue. Limited seating due to busyness each time we visit. A good sign!Great iced coffee. Good selection of breakfast/brunch options. Including vegan. We really enjoyed the vibe.I love this place.  It has great coffee and good food, I especially love the decor and the unique art work on the walls.  The only thing I would change is the baguette sandwich bread, its too tough.Cool coffee shop good for getting work done/chilling. We went late afternoon (Sat) and it was pretty empty. 
I got a croissant, my friends got tea and a cookie and all was really good. They had a lot of other food - the muffins looked incredible - wish I got it. 
Definitely a good place to study or just hang out.HiVolt is he perfect place to grab a coffee or a healthy breakfast. They have so many options - lots of hot and iced tea, regular coffee and espresso drinks, specialty drinks (I love their Japanese pour-over coffee) - and for food, lots of delicious quinoa and veggie bowls. Also some great sandwiches and salads for lunch and tons of pastries. I'm always really happy with what I order (and I go about three times per week). Make sure to ask for a punch card to get a free drink!So happy we came across this gem on a morning walk through Lower Garden District... Funky ambiance, warm service, muffins that will make you cry & vegetarian quinoa, roasted veg salad with
soft-boiled eggs & herbed kefir dressing will make you wish this in your hood. Ps: their sister shop on Magazine is only desserts.My boyfriend had passed by this place a few times and we decided to finally try it on a Saturday afternoon. Crowd was okay, it was not too packed not empty. Upon walking in you get a very chill like vibe . The drink menu is posted on the wall right by the register. I believe they have an actual food menu but we weren't there for the food. I decided to get a regular iced latte and the boyfriend got a Oji iced latte . The guy at the register was super nice, he seemed happy to be there. At the register they had a couple of baked goods for sale.. GET THE CHOC CHIP COOKIE OMG! It was so soft and chewy! Highly recommend. Overall i will def be back , i wouldn't mind exploring the other options that they offer. Great customer service, highly recommend!I can't think of many places that I've been only once that I can't stop thinking about. Especially when you consider my reluctance to cross Canal Street (only because I hate driving, just pointing that out. No neighborhood snobbery from *this* lovah of all things NOLA!)
HiVolt Coffee is well worth the drive and I have no doubt it will become my lunch stop/coffee joint of choice when I'm in the LGD. Their iced coffee is on point and my salad was pretty kick-ass abundant! They have a really great menu of light breakfast (love their varieties of toast!) & lunch items as well as tempting vegan, G/F (& non vegan G/F) pastries. But seriously, that salad! Although they change according to season, the one I enjoyed had these delicious quinoa cakes that seem to be their specialty as I see they are on the breakfast menu as well. Be sure and order them. You won't regret it.
I also like the interior and table layout, as although it's not the largest cafe in town, there's ample seating (not sure yet about outlets). See you soon, HiVolt!Hi-Volt has become an anchor to the coffee scene in the LGD. Eclectic crowd; business, hipsters, tourists, locals are welcome.
Coffee and food are on the mark as staff buzzes behind the counter during the day serving up good stuff with smiles to boot!
Solid wi-fi and usually some decent tunes in the background.The service was nothing special. The service was equivalent to fast food service (not chickfila fast food more like wendy's fast food)
The cappuccino was good and I like the foam art.  The avocado toast was not good at all. I'll probably go back to try the cobb salad to give this place another chance. 
The patrons were nice.Hi Volt has a delicious breakfast sandwich! I added bacon bits and had a swamp pop. Mochas are good, but strong, if you're not normally a coffee drinker. Made fresh, everything. Muffins rock too!Reliable Internet and great coffee, the basis for getting work done! Music playing in the background provides a great accompaniment to the atmosphere.Went back for Bulletproof coffee and the Red & Green sammy. The coffee was interesting - had a bit of an oily slick to it (MCT oil) and tasted super creamy (butter). Even though this seems like a trend, people internationally have been drinking buttered coffee and tea forever, specifically in the Middle East and Pan Asian regions. I felt pretty awesome after drinking it, but maybe had to do more with the great company of 1 of my Yelper friends who joined :) The sandwich was filling and delightful, especially thought the baguette was to die for! Super crusty and rustic. I am officially hooked on HiVolt!best coffee uptown. great vegan food. cool black and white decor and friendly staff, it's my new favourite place to hang in new orleans.One of my favorite coffee places in the city, by far! In particular, I love their Cola Coffee drink but everything is solid. Their prices are great and the employees are always funny and helpful. The ambiance is conducive to working or socializing and I am super happy that they have recently opened a satellite location closer to my house (in P & Q)... Amazing job!Really awesome coffee shop - the plain drip is awesome (and only a buck for refills!) and the banana cacao espresso smoothie is worth a try. The food is really good - the brussel shoals for breakfast (baked brussel sprouts with bacon) and the Cobb salad for lunch. They also sometimes have a strawberry biscuit that haunts my dreams. Not perfect because staff can be slow at times and lines can get really long. I enjoy this place for everything from a quick pick me up to a serious study session. The ambient noise can get a little high so it's not for everyone.A fantastic third wave coffee spot in nola, with wifi and workable area.
Spitfire and Cherry Coffee are awesome too but HiVolt has food, tables, and your endless number of hipsters doing 'work'. This was our daily coffee spot. Awesome 80s and 90s music as well :D
Enjoy!Just wanted to write a quick updated review to say that they no longer do their Brussel shoals dish - but they do have a delicious greek yogurt bowl (Happy Hippy Bowl) and a bahn mi style breakfast sandwich (Good Morning Vietnam) that is pretty phenomenal - it could use more spice but comes with a very thick pork patty.Had the regular drip coffee and the chicky breakfast. Both really good. Ambiance is super relaxed and slightly hipster but not too much so. Really liked this place, will be back.HiVolt used to be good, but I don't know what happened. Their food sucks now, they use weird stale shirt bread (used to use a delicious French baguette), their meat is indistinguishable mystery meat, their coffee is now watery and stale (used to prides itself on their coffee). Bring back your old ways!This coffee shop is a lot like the tv show "The Wire"; everyone is telling me how good it is and I just don't get it.
Best coffee shop in New Orleans? Calm down, people. Let's not get carried away. First of all, I would call this place more of a cafe that serves coffee than a coffee shop. That's not a bad thing, just saying. I ordered a large iced coffee which came to a little over $4. Kind of steep compared to other places. It was okay, but not "OMGTHISISTHEBESTCOFFEEIHAVEEVERHADEVER!!!!" good.
For me, the ambiance left a little to be desired. I like small, cozy coffee places. This place had a small restaurant feel. Again, not a bad thing, just not what I expect from a coffee shop. The music was pretty loud and if I was trying to get work done, I would have had to go elsewhere.
I saw that they have a pretty extensive menu. They serve vegan tomato soup. Isn't all tomato soup vegan? Are there beef tomatoes out there that I have been missing out on? That would be AMAZING.*
They have a green smoothie, so I will probably be back to try that, but for coffee I would stick to Mojo or Reservoir Cafe.
*The emails explaining what vegan tomato soup is can stop now. This was my attempt at a joke. A bunch of you thought I was serious about beef tomatoes. I wasn't.We went here after seeing this review (very entertaining www.youtube.com/watch?v=btdbYDz04Vg). Ordered the Shock Proof, I had my doubts about the mixture of butter, coffee, and MCT oil but it was very very good.  I wish I could have visited again to try out some of the other very unusual coffee drinks (and I don't mean Starbucks type drinks).  If you like coffee than this is a must visit.I had the opportunity to visit HiVolt on a Sunday around 11am. It was a delightful place. Small interior but with ample indoor seating as well as a few outdoor options. 
Parking. The parking is street, but definitely not bad and should rather easily find close by parking.
Drinks. The menu has some very curious drinks such as a Mexican Coke with Espresso (which I need to try) among others. I went with a Green Smoothie which was definitely filling and tasty it was $5.50 which is definitely a good price for such a drink.  Also at this location is a limited menu of some goodies.
Definitely check this location out for some time to talk with friends. Limited plugs if you plan to go to this location to do a little work.Yummy coffee shop in the lower garden with a patio! Best cold brew in the city! They also have a great selection of food options that include vegan eats and treats. I highly recommend this place for lunch if you are looking for food and coffee. My boyfriend and I walk our dog here a lot then go to Coliseum Park to run around in. It's a must stop if you are a local or visitor.Stayed near here and visited twice for breakfast/coffee. Fabulous healthy and hearty veggie options.  LOVED.  Only wish we found it sooner.Yum! The breakfast goodies are so good here - quiches, muffins, pastries, and the like. They also have interesting morning drinks in addition to the regular coffees and teas. Order at the counter, sit anywhere; 3 tables for outdoor seating. Glad to see they opened a second location on the other side of Magazine. It's a weekend staple and real treat for us after a long morning run, or somewhere to get our relaxing day started.The ozzy plate with a dry cucumber soda is just awesome!
The food here is vegan and health and gluten conscious and the staff are awesome!
This place gets a little busy so it's best to try and go on an off hour. It's busy BC it's that good!
Also the gluten free raw coconut/almond bar is amazing.
The artwork and decor is hip and relaxed and clean!
Go here!See a more extensive review with more photos at:  http://www.jshphoto.net/hi-volt-coffee-new-orleans/
I have been spoiled by good coffee.  I am totally stuck up and feel no remorse.  I should not and do not settle for second rate.  The third wave coffee awakening, is one of the greatest developments of our era if you are like me and want the best.  I can usually tell if I am going to like a place as soon as I walk in by noticing only a few details.
    The menu
    The machines
    The barista
    The Smell
The Menu
Hi Volt passed with flying colors.  There were no pumpkin spiced latte clones, no small medium and large, and no bullshit about dark roast, blond roast, etc.  I like this because it keeps it simple and it means that the shop has confidence in their ability to wow you without a bunch of syrup.
The Machines
Hi Volt passes again in this category.  I forgot to note the make of their espresso machine, but it is most certainly one that requires an experienced barista to operate it.  It was a beautiful build and was not one of these set it and forget abominations that Starbucks and the like use to crank out their poison.
They also have a sophisticated, glass, slow brew contraption sitting in a display case.  It is a quality piece of craftsmanship on its own.  It was slowly brewing coffee as I observed it, and I like that.
The Barista
Once again - They passed.  The barista in the shop was really nice.  He answered all my questions about the place in a friendly way and passed my own personal barista challenge.  My challenge is not difficult and it is not an out of this world request.  My challenge is "Can you make me a cortado?"  I ask for a cortado because it is usally not on the menu, but is not difficult to make.  It is simply a shot of espresso with a little bit of steamed milk.  If the barista is worth his or her salt, gives a hoot, and knows their trade, they will make you one.  Well they made it for me and it was great.  The microfoam was warm and mixed well with the earthy espresso.
Finally The Smell
I am not a fan of dark roast.  In my opinion, it is a trick to take cheap beans and make them taste like crap and then tell you it is Euro.  I like good beans.  I like light roast and I want to know "whats up with the beans".  Not that I am a bean expert, and its not like I have a discerning palette to tell the difference between South American and African beans, but if the barista can tell me what the beans are and where they are from, I like that because it means, once again, they have confidence in their quality.
Hi Volt passes on this test once again. They use Counter Culture beans and  it smells good when you walk in.  It smells like coffee, dammit.
Conclusion
They passed all my tests the first time I walked in, but I always like to check for consistency.  So I passed by again, asked for another cortado, and BAM, another passing grade.
They seem to have fresh baked goods and when I was in today they had more coming in.
Hi Volt is my new favorite and you should definitely check them out.They serve counter culture coffee here, which is good. However, I don't know what the smell is inside, but it makes me sick to my stomach. The place seems a little antiseptic for a coffee shop, but that is purely personal taste. My husband got a chock cookie and said it was good.This place is really great but the hours are terrible! I would spend a lot more time here if they were open later. They close at 2pm on Sundays???? Sundays is prime time for sitting in a coffee shop reading and studying. But the food is good and most of the baristas are nice and make a great latte.I love that they feature local Vietnamese bakeries. They use to have Dong Phuong king cake but ever since the bakery got the James Beard award, they had to only sell in their Chef Menteur space. Hivolt now sells Hi-Do Bakery's king cake, which is also pretty good.
Wifi is off 10am-2pm on weekends. Kinda respect them more for that.
Coming from a small college town in Michigan, the prices did seem high. But I think they may be comparable for the neighborhood. The king cake was only $18, so it's cheaper than Sucre. The space has a locals vibe, while the nearby Lily's Cafe felt like it was swarming with Yelp hipsters. 
Ice tea was unsweetened and good.Um, this place has killer coffee. Just really good. And they had both soy and almond milk available for those not blessed with the ability to befriend lactose. 
I came here because they had some gluten free baked good options, so I snagged a vegan kale & sweet potato donut just because it sounded far out. It was delicious and moist and my latte was perfect. 
Lest you think they only do coffee, I ordered the Chimi Beef salad for breakfast one morning and thought it was excellent. Lots of delicious, tender meat, flavorful dressing - it would be a brunch favorite of mine, for sure, if I lived in the area. 
The one drawback to this joint is that there is NEVER any seating. I guess that's the risk of any good coffeeshop, but maybe they could shove a few more tables in there somewhere? I hope so. Oh, and also ignore the hipster, screenplay-writing crowd that tends to congregate in line and scowl in your direction, because the folks that work there are really very nice.$3.64 for a donut AND IT WAS STALE.  Nobody sells day-old donuts.  Because they're hard, and dry - and just not acceptable.  Bad, if you will.  And those places that do want to try and sell their day-old pastries mark them as such, and reduce the price.  Not HiVolt, though.  My donut was at least a day old, probably more (they didn't know - they said they just sell them until they're gone).  So not cool.  Not cool for a $1 donut from Krispy Kreme and extra not cool for a 3x-the-cost donut at a fancy pants coffee shop.
The girls at the register said they didn't have the power to give me a refund (hu?  does the owner not trust their staff or something?) so I had to leave my number for the manager to call me.  Which she did, but then she wanted me to come back to the store to pick up the cash, rather than putting it on my credit card. When I explained that I don't live there, she said she'd credit my card, but then never did.
Two stars for a cute space, and the manager being willing to refund.  Negative 10 stars for stale food, high prices, disempowered employees, rather slow service and the manager not following through.Amazing place. We will definitely come back again! The DOM sandwich was great, great coffee art(I ordered cappuccino) and huge smoothie!We stumbled upon this little jewel- incredible coffee (try the macadamia nut milk latte) and while I'm not a soup person, my husband ordered the Souper Bowl and he barely even got a bite! We came back the next day and each got our own!  I'm also a sucker for fresh pressed juice and kombucha and they had the best selection of both. We will be back!I only tried the donuts here no drinks yet but they have a lovely selection of muffins, raw slices and donuts with vegan and gluten free options. My friend and I split a salted caramel donut and a king cake donut and both were delicious- I look forward to trying some of the other baked goods here!The reason for 4 and not 5 stars is I find 8AM a little late for a coffee spot. It's a bright and clean space with quality baked goods. I have a friend who's vegan and it's nice to know they have delicious looking options for her here. It's a cozy size and seems to fill with folks intent on working and is generally a serious atmosphere. The staff has always been polite and efficient.When I'm on this end of Magazine, I always find myself here. I would say it's an A+ when it's a bit more chill, but service and ambiance do slip when it's a madhouse.I come here for the chocolate chip cookies. They are delicious.
Other than that, this is an overpriced coffee shop, with limited kitchen hours.
They don't offer Wi-Fi on the weekends until 2pm to prevent squatters.The food and coffee are good, but I don't recommend coming here to work. The internet is very slow and takes a long time to get on, and the staff are extremely rude if you ask them to address the internet issue. 
I've continued to come despite the fact that they recently raised their prices for the second time in the last 6 months, but will no longer be coming due to the internet problem and the extremely unpleasant staff.After years of brewing my own coffee at home, my neighborhood is now flooded with coffee...and it's uncomfortably crowded.  
Everyone is going to have "their" spot based on several factors, but I'll strip it down to the lowest common denominator - price.  
HiVolt is simply too expensive to compete for my coffee dollar...even if the stuff is from Japan or whatever.  Don't take my word for it.  Try it compared to their competitors, then ask yourself - "Is this $2 better?"Very friendly staff who didn't mind answering all my questions about the coffee selection and options; bonus points for carrying vegan donuts! Blessed are those who include vegan food as part of their standard offerings.We visited High Volt Coffee on the way to a tour of the Garden District. It's a great spot with lots of options of people with all kinds of dietary needs (vegetarian, gluten free, dairy free etc.)
I love a good quiche and unfortunately when we arrived, although there were plenty of quiche options, none of them were vegetarian. I opted for the veggie frittata served with kefir yogurt. This looked really cool in the display case of the items made today, kind of a mini crustless quiche. (see I was in a quiche mood...) It was okay but not amazing.
I also had a peach ginger muffin which was super dense, without a lot of peach in it, and no discernible ginger taste. In retrospect I should have gone with the "morning glory"...everything in their display case looked amazing.
My wife had the Ozzy which is two poached eggs on sautéed greens, avocado, grape tomato and quinoa, also with the kefir dressing. She loved this meal.
She also treated herself to a vegan raw brownie...a very sweet and awesome, date-sweetened and super rich. (in a delicious manner). She couldn't finish it but was happy to carry it around the rest of the day and finish it in a glorious second round.
There are plenty of vegan and gluten free choices.
Also lots of coffee choices too. You have to love when a breakfast-centric place takes its coffee seriously. I got the American Rosales Pour-over. It was surprisingly smooth and bold.
Although I would have loved a vegetarian quiche choice, I'd definitely go back, when in New Orleans, to have more coffee and sample more from their drool-inducing same day baked display cabinet.Had heard great thinks about this place, totally disappointed with my experience. I have never written a yelp review before but experienced such rudeness that I feel like I have to. 
I bought one small iced coffee, and after being given the price I decided to grab a bag of mixed fruit and nuts priced at 2 bucks, and when I asked the cashier why the price difference had gone up by 4 bucks she said it's just what it costs. 
I paid, tipped and sat down and on receiving my text message receipt I saw that I'd been charged 4 bucks. 
I took the receipt back to the cashier and she said 'i thought you wanted 2' , at this point I'm thinking that it's a genuine mix up, that's fine. She then said with a whole lot of attitude ' we are all only human', I'm still thinking ok. Then after the refund was issued and I was re charged and I re tipped the cashier said with the most attitude imaginable 'enjoy your one bag of nuts' making me feel uncomfortable even to stay in the building and drink my coffee. 
I work in the service industry and cannot fathom why anyone would ever speak to a paying customer with such attitude and rudeness, I can assure you that I am not just some bitter yelper who loves nothing more than writing scathing reviews, but the service was unacceptable. You are supposed to leave a coffee shop feeling better than you walked in, not belittled and angry.I was in town for a conference & my Air B&B recommended this neighborhood coffee shop. I desperately need this in my own neighborhood!  Great atmosphere. Indoor & outdoor seating. Delicious coffee options. Try the cola cocktail - first you'll say What? then, YES! Each day I tried something new - banana chocolate chip muffin, mushroom havarti scone, raspberry lemon muffin. Everything was delicious, but that mushroom havarti scone was the absolute best. Should I be in New Orleans again, they will see me every morning. If they ever want to come to Tampa, I know just the right location near my house!This is my daily go to coffee spot, and I just love everything about HiVolt. The cortado is my caffeine savior, and they make the best in the city. Their food never disappoints either. Always fresh and delicious, with my favorites being the cashew toast, quiche, and blueberry muffins. You can't go wrong with this place, period!!!Found this place on noloapaleo (dot) com which is an awesome website for those who are looking to find paleo food in New Orleans. Got a Shockproof coffee (like Bulletproof coffee but a different brand) and a raw brownie that was also paleo (according to the nolapaleo site) and definitely gluten free and vegan. Highly recommend this place if you are paleo / gluten free / vegan - they have you covered. Stevia to sweeten drinks too :) It was a popular place with lots of locals there even early on a Sunday morning and the service was very friendly.The music and atmosphere give an electric 1950s diner feel to it, so it was definitely a cool vibe. I tried the coffee cola cocktail made of espresso, Mexican coke, and vanilla, and I honestly thought it was terrible- not palatable at all. It only got more drinkable as the ice melted and diluted it some- this is just my personal preference, my tastes may not be refined enough to appreciate such a combination. I'd still come back and try a regular coffee or latte.This place is trying too hard. The atmosphere and decor isn't that cool and the loud music is horrible. I wouldn't mind loud music, but what they are playing isn't good. I think that's the style they are going for though. My $6 vanilla latte was barely warm and I felt like they shorted me on the size because I got it in a "for here" coffee cup instead of "to-go." It seemed smaller. Anyways, I suggest to skip this one and try somewhere elseWas walking around the Garden District with a friend and saw this coffee spot. Looked interesting and I could use a cold coffee so went in. Firstly, menu was a tad bit hard to find. Like it's literally way above your head on the wall to the right. Saw they had some of your traditional coffee beverages and some unique looking drinks. So I asked the barista/cashier guy for a recommendation on a cold coffee drink that was unique or specially known only here and before I could even finish asking, he rudely told me "the menu is right there in case you missed it". Well nah duh the menu is right there. I've been standing there staring at it for a good five minutes. Once I finished my question he then recommended the iced espresso and coca-cola with vanilla flavoring. Sounded interesting- but possibly nasty. So I get that, pay, and he nearly toss my card back on the counter instead of handing it to me. Makes my drink, drops it at the counter, doesn't say thank you. As for the drink, I really gave it a chance and almost finished it but it just tasted... weird. The strong espresso wasn't melding with the sweet Coke. Price was a little steep as well, $6.10. Probably won't go there again for that crappy service by hipster dude and the funky coffee.I like HiVolt, but they close at 3 o'clock on Sundays. This just isn't great for me.
The coffee was good. They have a large selection of food (vegan, gluten free, etc), but it's a little pricey. I like how their menu is risky though, not just blah. The workers are nice, though you occasionally get a snooty one.
This isn't a great place for studying/working, but a great place for meeting and (quietly) socializing.A menu with variety... prominently vegan friendly, but judging by taste, you'd never know. The Ozzy was so delicious I made myself finish even though I was stuffed half way through. The portions are average, but the food really fills you up. Don't order too much. They have many muffins to choose from. We got a couple of them to-go to hold us over for the day. Great got an intimate breakfast or some study time.Fully revived for the day after our visit here.Defying it's name,we found it to be an oasis of cheer and smiles from a hardworking but laid back staff.The staff was super one on one, and the food is AMAZING! The presentation of your meal along with your coffee is pure art. Indeed!Stopped by there today since it's right near my work, and of course the chalkboard menu lured me in after I'd been walking by it for a week. 
I had a banana chocolate chip muffin and a  chamomile medley tea. 
I wish I could have taken a picture of the muffin because it was gigantic! It was moist, flavorful, and I could actually see nice size chocolate and banana pieces, as opposed to just flavoring or extract. The hot tea is not prepackaged, but loose leaves, that they then bag in store as you order and steep the tea. This was the best tea I have ever had. I must go back and ask if they sell in bulk, or where they buy wholesale from. 
HiVolt is defintely a neighborhood spot for socializing or doing work. I love their GF and vegan options! There is also outdoor seating for the pups. 
There service is 'steep' for a coffee house, but I  didn't mind paying a little bit more because all of the great healthy, locally sourced options and food choices. 
Service was ok, the barista/cashier could have been more pleasant. I will try it again, just because its so convenient and the food options are appeasing, but if the service isn't better, it'll be a no go.I went to Hivolt last week with a friend to just chat and grab a coffee. She frequents Hivolt, but it was my first time there. I ordered a cappuccino; honestly didn't notice the counter being high like some others had mentioned. It was ready within a couple of minutes, and it was delicious! Beautiful, smooth, and creamy. It cost $3.50 which I felt was a really good price for the quality.  The atmosphere was nice, a lot of people studying but they weren't bothered by us talking. I would definitely go back.Been here several times, and the coffee is great, but I can't justify the price of your pourover. Especially when 1/2 the time, there's no 1/2 & 1.2 to add to it. I'm happy to see they have expanded their early hours; summer is coming and the dog needs walking and coffee and Coliseum Square are great together. 
I know you can't change the height of your counter, but it adds an off-putting Oliver Twist "Please, sir? May I have some more?" kilter to my experience that I'm already paying a pretty penny.Super hipster vibe, which is pretty typical in Somerville where I live now. I felt right at home!
If you're looking for a coffee shop with art on the walls, plenty of space to work, and delicious breakfast, this is definitely worth a stop. We decided to stop here before our walk down Magazine street and were very pleased.
The coffee was fantastic. I repeat.... the coffee was FANTASTIC. It's the type of coffee where you can taste the rich variety of flavors with every sip.
Sarah ordered the Dom, and I highly regret not doing the same. The Burrito? Burrito! was good, but the Dom's flavor was unique, cheesy, and a perfect breakfast/lunch sandwich.Highly recommend the "Toad in the Hole" it's so AMAZING. It comes w whole grain bread w an egg in the middle, sliced avocado and two fresh orange slices. Can't wait to come back!I love this place! They have great coffee and their breakfast sandwiches are amazing! I always get the good morning Vietnam- it has pork sausage, egg, cucumbers and carrots with siracha mayo! It's like a breakfast banh mi and it's so huge! Definitely worth the price!I have to give this place 1 star because their baked goods are just HORRIBLE! I have tried about 5 different kinds and they are so bad I can't take a second bite. They also label their baked items as "raw" and they clearly are not and use cheap ingredients. Their gf donuts are soooo gross and it's not because they are gluten free, they are just are nasty. The food is OK and the employees are always pissed off. I had a rude interaction with a lady who was ringing me up. She made a snarky comment because I was buying so much food. Seriously? I'll never spend my money here again.Walking in I noticed that this place is pretty awesome as far as looks and the Oji dripper is a thing of beauty indeed.  I love a great Iced Coffee and especially when it is done Kyoto style.  What threw me off was that the barista seemed to be looking down on me and I am not a short person but having them up behind a bar as opposed to being eye level with me was a little offsetting.  I got the Iced Coffee and was not impressed by it as it was a little too bitter and way too much ice.  I got an espresso as well and that was pretty tasty but I really got no reaction from the barista's working as they were a little to focused on people they already knew in the cafe.  I can say for a first visit it was good and I think as time goes on they will get better.  I kind of wish that they had more than Counter Culture beans though.When my dad picks out this coffee place to go to every day, you KNOW it is good. I absolutely love the look and feel of this place. Located in the Garden District, it has a clean and trendy feel to it. There is a high counter where the baristas make coffee and lots of seating. Not only do they make amazing Australian breakfast items but they also have great choices of organic yogurt and juices. While I didn't try the coffee, I trust my dad, the resident coffee snob, if he keeps going back to this place!The coffee at this hipster place is delicious, the ricotta toast...even better. The tables can fill up pretty quickly. Do yourself a favor and stop in. You won't regret it.The staff is friendly, the food is good. Pastries are definitely not their speciality but bowls are goodGreat spot with a variety of breakfast options and a friendly atmosphere to work from. Internet is fast and reliable and there are outlets all around.
Sandwiches, soups, coffee and sweets: all made with love. Fast services make it the perfect spot for a quick stop or a whole work day.
The only thing to consider is the noise level as it can get loud but I'd gladly come back.This place is hit or miss. 
Good coffee, some of the food menu items are outstanding, others taste like they're from the freezer aisle.
Service ranges from friendly and attentive to bored and impatient.Cute little cafe for breakfast: loved my Ozzy breakfast so good (perfect for my allergies). they have vegan and gluten free donuts as well! Burrito? Burrito had too much cheese and expect a square egg inside.The design of this place is really cool, and I love that there is lots of seating. However, I was not a huge fan of the coffee. I guess I'm just not a fan of New Orleans coffee in general, because this was the third coffee place in NOLA that I tried and was disappointed with.As others have noted, the coffee is magnificent. The truly underrated gem, however, is the variety of sodas handmade on premises. When not distracted by the exceptional looks of the bespoke soda mixologist (I believe the locals refer to this specific combination of luxurious lockes and masculinity as "Mike") one is treated with a flavor journey unrivaled by lesser drinks. The orange cream soda is deceptively clear, unlike the deep soulful eyes of soda-jerk, Mike.  The cucumber basil soda, subtle and crisp, and the lemon rosemary, flavorful and complex, reward the palette with delicately sweet and bubbly addiction. True, the coffee is of the highest quality, but these sodas are where it's at.For sure the best coffee shop in New Orleans. They are using Counter Culture coffee, which is amazing coffee. They are doing proper pour over as well as proper Japanese Iced coffee. Great place to grab a cup, a salad, and a seat to work on their splendid wifi. It's amazing to finally have a place in New Orleans with Craft Coffee and a great place to work. Also, for those that are vegan / gluten free they have treats for you as well. A must see in New Orleans. Only open a week and I have been here three times.Really great hip coffee shop. They have giant tasty muffins and a huge selection of coffee. We ordered the havarti spinach quiche and it was delicious (even came with a side salad). Will be back!I love HiVolt. It's everything I want in a coffery! 
Coming from Nashville this was a nice change of pace. (In Nashville every coffee shop- and store for that matter- looks like a blacksmith's dungeon)
It's bright and vibrant. The menu is full of healthy items, and healthy treats, too. It wasn't super crowded. Wasn't super expensive. Outdoor seating. Cool location. Great coffee. I'd come here every day if I lived around here. 
FYI The wifi password was 'pourover'.Love their Cobb salads... come here occasional and never disappointed! Customer service definitely improved from last few times and love all the organic options and vegan pastries! But nothing is better than the Cobb salad!Coffee here is fantastic, definitely one of the best in the city.  Food was good, but unspectacular, but we did order some of the more basic options.  If it weren't so far away from my house I would be getting coffee here much more regularly!Love this place! The juice, breakfast sandwhiches and baked goods are off the chain! Love the juice. Didn't have any coffee drinks, but smelled awesome. Delicious gluten free doughnuts and massive muffins.Amazing every time. Baked goods for every palette with awesome service to boot! Stu and Ian are friendly and experts at your favorite caffeine concoction.My neighborhood joint.  Mediocre drip coffee.  The latte is very good - but usually only warm.  Have to consistently ask for 'extra hot'.  Food is hit or miss.  Recently sent guests from CA.  Disappointing twice.  'Lots of attitude - you know...the 1990s coffee shop edge".  Warm latte.  Bland sandwich.  Overall, mediocre at best.....Very trendy/ hipster vibe here. We stoped on our visit to New Orleans for a quick bite to eat when the place we wanted to go to had a 45 min wait. The food is very much constructed from scratch which is nice. Didn't think i would like anything from the overly complicated dishes listed on the menu but they proved me wrong. Had the Rufus bowl. It was quite delicious as I am an avid fan of coconut rice. The beef was seasoned well and the pickled veggies add a great dynamic. Reminded me of my favorite Korean dish bulgogi bibimbap!This review is for their smaller location located Uptown at 5720 Magazine St, one block from the Whole Foods.  Their biscuits are simply awesome and will be forcing me to run a few extra miles every time I'm in NOLA.
They have a few tasty muffin options with blackberries, peaches, etc..  
They also make really good made to offer coffee drinks.Great coffee, solid food, and some really nice alternative beverage options. I was also impressed by the selection of healthier energy drinks and cold pressed juices. Super minimalist chic atmosphere and friendly, helpful staff.Cool place on a street off of Magazine Street.
I ordered a latte and the Dom Sandwich. 
The Latte - I am from San Francisco, the land of coffee snobs. The coffee at HiVolt was good, but not amazing. It hits the spot for coffee, but the flavor is not that complex. The cup was also a good size. 
The Dom Sandwich - WOW. Delicious. The sandwich came with ham, cheese, dijonnaise, and a fried egg. The egg was fried perfectly. It was not too runny. When I took a bite, the yolk still dripped, but it did not make a mess. The Dijonnaise sauce was REALLY good. It added a kick to the sandwich. I could see the attention to detail because the both of the buns had cheese melted to it so that you would get the perfect bite of the sandwich every time. 
I studied here for a bit, but it gets a little loud. Their wifi was pretty fast though. 
Great place for coffee and healthy food options. I would recommend this to my friends.Great place! 
Ingredients are healthy and well put together! 
You can eat a healthy meal and be satisfied.Good food. They serve Counter Culture, and the coffee is normally pretty fresh.Wonderful macchiato, toast n eggs, and green smoothie. They take their coffee seriously but not over the top snooty seriously. The staff is very kind and the rustic bread they use fills and pleases, especially when dipped in yolk and their kaffir sauce.The Shockproof coffee was amazing I really wish I could get it back home. Me and my boyfriend were on vacation for a weekend and just had to stop and have it. The first day we tried the coffee it was amazing but our next visit we got the shockproof and it was not the same as it was the day before. Honestly the second time it was a bit disappointing and I just ended up throwing it away. But the first time it was perfect and I loved it so I would go back to give it another try next time I'm in town.Pretty nice place to come get some work done. Much more spacious than neighboring cafes like Mojo and Pj's but seating isn't too comfortable. Lighting is also great for getting some work done!My cousin Googled "gluten-free brunch" to find this perfect little spot that reminded me so much of a hipster joint in Williamsburg - felt right at home. I got the trio of toasts (apple + nutella; jalepeño + coconut + peanut butter; banana + honey + almond butter) and a cacao espresso smoothie... Sweet treats for a fun brunch! Everything everyone ordered looked BANGIN' and I can't wait to go back and try the Shockproof Coffee with MCT + butter! So weird, but I want to try it!! They've got lots of juice options and great healthy picks, too. Perfect for anyone's tastes :)So I work on Magazine Street near HiVolt and it's such a treat. I start many a day with a HiVolt splurge and also send a lot of customers over there for coffee and food. 
First, I fell in love with the cold brew and pour overs, then with the cola cocktail (aka "the James Brown"), then with ALL of the food and fresh juices and kombucha and pastries.
Seriously don't pass up this place. You won't be disappointed. Also the staff is incredible; always handling such a high volume with such efficiency and friendliness. 
Last, the lighting fixtures and decor of the place are to die for. The art selection is great and the wifi is strong. Lol. Can't say enough good things!!New Orleans, Louisiana ---
The "Hi Volt" coffee house is my 1st "true" breakfast find since arriving in NOLA 7 days ago ...
the "Dom" sandwich was my "breakfast-on-roll" ... egg, ham, cheese & tasty-riffic condiment! 
Apparently, a popular local's eatery ... a constant line, with a combination of eat-in & take-out orders ...
besides assorted breakfast sandwiches, plenty of fresh-baked bakery yummies to select from ...
a lucky pARTy Gods find for sure (almost went to a McD's in desperation search for the breakfast "egg" ) ...
in addition, so many seating options ... indoor/outdoor table seating, wall-counter seating, plus standard counter-seating ...
a "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite breakfast eatery for sure!!
day 038 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
#RunAwayBill #DUSA2017 
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
04.01.17By far my favorite place to eat breakfast & lunch! The iced coffee is legit, the Super V is tasty and filling, and the Eggs & Polenta Cake Plate is out-of-this-world delicious! This place always inspires me to go home a make something new: chimichurri sauce & cashew cheese. The chef is super nice, too!Just a few words: 
1.) When an establishment puts a Vietnamese bon me breakfast sandwich on their menu (which is essentially a burger with a pork patty and egg) never question them- only sing praise.
2.) When this establishment allows you to order salad for breakfast and proceeds to serve you the freshest damn salad you've ever had...never leave 
3.) When you can buy cookies that look like muffins and muffins that look like birthday cakes, make it rain.
Come here. You won't regret it.HiVolt offers the very best cappuccino and some of the best coffee in New Orleans.  The "cafe" aspect of this place is secondary--while I love the toasts and abhor the vegan pastries (although the non-vegan muffins, et al are good), the thing that HiVolt brings to the local coffee scene is Seattle / Portland-level espresso, pour-overs, and other lovely, fancy coffee.
Disclaimers:  I'm a native, not an invader from the West Coast (welcome, at least to some of you, BTW).  We were drinking cafe au lait when Seattle was wilderness, and cafe au lait in Seattle isn't much to write home about.  I would never move to Seattle or Portland, but for IPA and more-than-one-shop world-class espresso, they currently rule.  I confirmed this with a recent trip to Seattle, where I sampled (and appreciated) amazing cappuccino, the likes of which we have currently have one source for:  HiVolt.
Long live HiVolt.  Fantastic coffee, fantastic service, and a much needed "up our game" in espresso making.I love this place. Best place BY FAR to meet Monday mornings!!! The food and the coffee are amazing and the Music is the best!!!Awesome vibe and just what the neighborhood needed. Lots of delicious vegan options (try the gluten free banana nut muffin) and healthy breakfast choices. Owners Benji and Laura and the rest of the staff make you feel great when you walk in and it's no wonder - they put a tremendous amount of love, sweat, and hip style into this building which had been shuttered for 30 years.I came to HiVolt on Sunday and got the Mocha and the Walnut Bran Muffin and a Mocha Latte.  The muffin was HUGE and yummy.  I can't remember if it was Vegan, but I do remember it wasn't GF.  The mocha was OK.  
But this morning, I wanted BREAKFAST.  But not a bagel place and not a fancy breakfast place and not a country cooking kind of place.  Let me tell you, I was stumped.  Until I remembered HiVolt had a pretty interesting Breakfast menu.  And they did not disappoint!  
My only problem was choosing which breakfast to get.  I went in with one idea but when it came down to it, I ordered the Red White Green Sandwich and let me tell you, I could enjoy this everyday! The baguette was crusty crunchy, the red pepper yogurt sauce added that little something special to the sandwich that made it perfect.  And what is not to love about avocado on a sandwich.  It was messy and delicious.I currently live for the housemate ricotta toast and a steaming Americano on a bi-weekly basis. The coffee is from counter culture out of North Carolina, which I was unfamiliar with until I moved here last year, it's a pretty solid mix of single origin varietals and a real attention to care/craft.Really delicious and healthy breakfast bowls and amazing bakery. Coffee is delicious and well made. Don't miss it!Alright joint. Clean and well designed at least with a good selection of the most popular drinks/nibbles. 
My espresso geek comes out now and says there is much to be desired. It lacked crema, the beans were slightly bitter but no real discernible flavor. On the other hand my vegan donut was super delicious! 
Bottom line is: go here if your into iced coffee or anything sweet tasting. I have no doubt that this business will find plenty of customers if thats there intended clientele. 
Also wearing plaid, skinny jeans, and brightly colored vintage jackets will get your order out faster! A stereotypically happy hipster paradise.HiVolt is a very cool cafe on magazine. It's pretty far down so it's easy to miss but that would be a shame! In addition to having very good coffee, it also has a good selection of food--with yummy vegan options! I haven't tried the food yet but a friend I went with had the roasted garden plate and loved it! Definitely worth the trip and I can't wait to come back!!Delicious iced lattes and although too sweet for my taste, the coconut energy bar was delicious. Absolutely stunning interior - and the peeps behind the counter rock. (No points removed for butchering my name, haha)Great place for brunch on Saturday. I had a good classic vanilla latte! Parking was easy and casual feel to the place. I will say though, not the best place for studying on a Saturday.Espresso, cortado, and cold brew were all delicious. The cold brew had a great amount of acidity and dark fruit without any notes of over-extraction. Both espresso drinks were great, loved the milk balance in the cortado.
Also tried the vegan blueberry donut, as someone who wasn't vegan this was surprisingly good!I love this place. Excellent coffee and vittles. The tempeh BLT is so fab--but so is everything I've had so far. The simple poached eggs and toast is swoon worthy. Really. Everything they do, they just nail it. And mysteriously, when you think it's going to packed to the gills--like late morning on Sunday--it's totally do-able and stress free. Love 'em.HiVolt makes a smooth latte that does not need any sugar added. The one that I got today had a hint of blueberry and I feel disappointed that I didn't take note of what beans were used for it. Their lattes only come in one size, 12 ozs. 
The interior design was very clean and clinical, typically what the fashion is right now (the other trend is the rustic industrial). There were a few tables and many people were sitting and working on their laptops. There is also a small outdoor seating area at the front of the shop. I haven't tried their food yet, but I plan to at some point. However, when it's busy, I think it may be difficult to find somewhere to sit and eat.Favorite coffee in New Orleans!
First of all the decor is very eclectic and has a very trendy feel. The staff is friendly and helpful. I ordered a pourover coffee from El Salvador and it was delicious. The super v sandwich is on delicious French bread and has some amazing chimichurri sauce. I love this place and would recommend it to anyone!I heard about this place when multiple friends started texting me that a new coffee shop had opened with SO MANY VEGAN OPTIONS!!!  I was like 'yay, I'll go later'.  Then it took me a month to actually go there.  Now I have gone twice in two days and am DETERMINED to make up for lost time.  
Beautiful retro/mod feel.  DELICIOUS vegan donuts.  Yummy assortment of toasts and other vegan goodies.  Great coffee.  Friendly staff.  
I've got myself a new favorite coffee shop!  Now I plan to avoid ruining for myself by not dating any of the staff.Hivolt est un chouette endroit où aller manger un gros muffin en surfant sur internet. L'ambiance, tout comme la terrasse est chouette et il y a une belle sélection de pâtisserie faites sur place et de breuvage. J'y ai mangé deux fois et mes deux repas étaient simples et bons. Un sympathique endroit dans le quartierTheir pour over broke me into no cream additives in my coffee. One stevia does the trick. Plenty of delicious healthy vegan treats as well. Not the type of goodies that will turn away a meat over like myself, but still, very good selection. I love their morning breakfast of two eggs and toast. Nice atmosphere. Nail on the head HiVolt! Nail on the head.I love this place. It's clean, staff is great, the espresso is fantastic and they have plenty of delicious vegan and vegetarian snacks, pastries and lunch options. I just wish they would stay open later.I had the cacao espresso smoothie, and the trio toast. Both were delicious! Staff is very friendly, seating is limited though! Great local joint!It's a quaint little coffee place serving decent drinks at moderate prices. I'm not sure if I'd go here again if I return to New Orleans, but it's worth a try.I have never been so thankful for A/C and for a business that cranks it up! After a walk from the business district here on a sweltering day, I was dripping from places I didn't think one could drip. 
Very tasty lemonade. I didn't have anything to eat but it all looked delicious and healthy.
Lots of seating though it gets packed so you may have to wait a bit or share. Tons of young professionals, students, and families. Positive, upbeat, diverse vibe.
Very friendly staff.Outstanding biscuits, crazy-good vegan breakfast and baked goods- worked here for three hours a Dhs delicious brunch and coffee. Service is exceptionally good and kind, as well.HiVolt and Church Alley are by far the best coffee places in New Orleans. The decor here is super trendy, clean, and beautiful. The staff is really friendly. They have great Counter Culture coffee that is highly sustainable, and they understand the flavors and they know where it comes from! They do pour overs!! They have GT's Kombucha and other drinks as well. And the best thing of all is their food. As a vegan, it is a huge bummer to not be able to stay at a cafe for very long because there is no food but maybe a gross granola bar. They have a vegan caesar salad (which is awesome- I'd love some croutons on it though...), they have vegan soup, LEMON BARS, gluten free baked donuts, some raw coconut and date bars, a brownie, broccoli and daiya cheddar muffins, and other items. I love this place! They truly understand coffee and good food. :)VEGAN Food!! + great coffee - not a lot of seating = great place to meet up with friends and chat and eat great food, highly recommendThis place fills a real void in the area! Cute space, excellent food with amazing vegan options. I'm not even close to a vegan but I have loved everything I get on the menu and the prices are reasonable. The vegan blt is my go to and I love their "toasts". Their homemade dressings/condiments are delicious. And the staff is super nice. Definitely my favorite coffee shop that also has healthy delicious food.The food and coffee are good, but I don't recommend coming here to work. The internet is very slow and takes a long time to get on, and the staff are extremely rude if you ask them to address the internet issue. 
I've continued to come despite the fact that they recently raised their prices for the second time in the last 6 months, but will no longer be coming due to the internet problem and the extremely unpleasant staff.Great quality coffee, definitely stood out of all the coffee shops I visited in NOLA. Only tried a muffin (it was eh, nothing amazing) for food, but I've heard good things about their food as well. Prompt service. Overall a solid spot to chill and get work done.Popped in here for a light breakfast. Awesome vegan options and an eclectic interior that isn't trying too hard (unlike many coffee shops). We shared a vegan carrot cake muffin (so good!!), a green juice and toast - vegan cashew cheese,cucumber, avocado and basil on a baguette. There were other vegan and gluten free options, as well as meat dishes for both lunch and dinner. They also sold lots of juices and kombucha...and of course great coffee. All in all, a great choice!!I have absolutely no clue where these 5 star reviews has come from!!!!! One mile lineup to order while the cashier constantly chatting with his coworkers over personal life things. Over priced everything and absolutely tasteless and disgusting.  We ordered a few items based off the positive reviews on them, after 45 min wait to get to the chatty cashier,  and they were quite gross to put it in a mild language. The trio was so tasteless and bad and the combination of the ingredients would not compliment each other. The espresso banana  shake thing was sooooo bad that I actually threw that away after trying to take a sip or two :(((((( such a pitty. The bill was around $18 and what our tummies were pleased with was no more than a buck. I hope someone will read this and I can shed some light rather than the fishy reviews that betray people. Also, just to clarify, the supposed "healthy" coffee/espresso banana smoothie is a faaaaaaaarrrrrrr cry away from being tasty. I'm a very healthy eater and I drink green smoothies and stuff on a daily basis ,this smoothie was beyond tasteless for a business to offer. Pls do yourself a favor and ask for a tester before paying that much for a gross drink.AVOID ONION CHOPPING DAY BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. are there forty tons of onions in here? why so many onions? are you making french onion soup? i want to love you, hi-volt, i just can't if you keep making me cry - oh so much. are you trying to smoke me out? with the sting of onion in my eyes? the pain of tears in my heart? how come none of the staff are crying? are you all immune to the onion explosion? can you cut the onions the night before you need them?Coffee is very good.  But food over the top!  Had an ATO toast. Very fresh and could not resist the polenta. Very generous portions very friendly staff.The Orange Couch of the Lower Garden, but with a full menu of healthy, vegan food and mouth-watering pastries.  Beautiful inside, nice artwork and design; a nice space.  Personally, I find the hipster clientele a little off-putting, but it is a great place to get really good coffee.  Outdoor seating is available, but non-smokers be warned-- these tables tend to be the spots for smokers, and the cigarette smoke can get pretty thick.I LOVED Hivolt Coffee. We stopped for a late lunch after strolling along the boutiques at Magazine Street. The place had a hipster vibe, with retro artwork hanging everywhere and lots of people sitting around with coffee and laptops.
The food was delicious. We ordered the Ozzy Plate and the Roasted Garden from the breakfast menu. This was the best meal I had in New Orleans; the poached eggs were perfect and the roasted vegetables from the Roasted Garden were just the right amount of savory. We also had a rosemary lemon soda, which was refreshing and sweet on a hot summer day. I actually read the drink as rosemary lemonade, not realizing it was soda (I personally dislike carbonated drinks) but this one was so good that I still enjoyed it! Definitely try Hivolt when you have the chance.New Hivolt located on Magazine St & Arabella St. 
Fresh made muffins that are warm, tasty and unique. Zucchini Walnut and Banana Chocolate are the two we tried this morning...amazing!  Coffee was excellent too!  Opens at 6:30am 1/2 earlier than District Coffee.Stopped in our last morning in the garden district on our way out of town. Hands down the best blueberry muffin I've ever had in my life. The ham and cheese croissant was just as good-hot and flaky yet fluffy and the perfect ham to croissant ratio. I can imagine all of the other pastries are just as good! I'll definitely be back next time I'm in New Orleans!4/5 black/white articulate.
swank? hip? i don't really know the right way to describe this. the feel is very constructed, white and black tying together tile, metal, and different light fixtures. the bar is long and clean, with a simple menu along the right wall as you walk in and face the counter and an exposed brick wall (or maybe it's a facade, derno). cool building that apparently had been shut for quite some time, with some oblong (yes, oblong) shaped windows. mood music is ambient, so it's a nice calm morning start. so far it looks like it's drawn all the GD/LGD students/yuppies/hipsters. so yes, it's hipsterish, but no, it's not intolerable. thank god, nola.
they do legit pour-overs, today's choice came out dark and smooth with very little acidity. the house made ricotta toast is pretty good, always enjoy/opt for things when they're made on premises. so confusing light choices aside (i believe in only 2 kinds of light options max, same way i think clean documents should only use 2 types of font max), i'm excited that there's somewhere i can get a good pour-over and japanese style iced.
will be back!Quality coffee. Knowledgeable baristas. Great environment. They don't roast their own though. 5 stars otherwise.The only reason they get any stars is because the donuts are delicious... 
Beyond that, every time I have gone in the counterstaff are incredibly rude. 
I have now been in to the location 3 times, with someone different at the counter each time and I honestly thought the first time that maybe the guy at the counter had just had someone in his family die, he was THAT disengaged. Today was my final attempt to make this place work, I thought, "maybe it was just a fluke I got two different people who happened to have their mothers die on the day I came in" but I'm over it, the donuts aren't good enough to have some hipster treat you like shit and I actually had to apologize to my friend for suggesting this place because of the attutude of the woman who took our order. 
On the flip, the fellow who made our coffee was very nice, possibly in an attempt to make up for his shitty coworker.Stopped in for a tea and somehow wound up with a wonderful peanut butter-cranberry bar that was to die for. The tea was wonderful also. This was a great place to refresh and spend a few minutes.Overall this place was fantastic, and I would definitely recommend hitting it up for coffee and/or breakfast. They have a great selection of donuts, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and quiches. I ordered the bacon havarti quiche, and was pleasantly surprised that it came with a small spinach salad on the side. My husband ordered the polenta quiche/bake which was also very good. Both came with a side of this creamy green herb sauce that was DELICIOUS. The coffee was also super good, although I'm not to picky as long as it's fresh and not from a can. 
The only negative part of the experience was the lack of friendly customer service. I definitely wasn't expecting a conversation, but eye contact and a hello would have been nice. I felt more like a nuisance than an appreciated customer. Maybe it was just a fluke though :) It didn't make the coffee or breakfast taste any different to me.The coffee was good, strong and flavorful just how I like it. The place has a nice vibe. Loved all the vegan options, had the mexican chocolate donut which is Vegan and also GF and it was really good. It had a subtle spiciness. 
Also nice customer service. I love when people greet you as you enter. If I was a local this would be one of my regular spots.First off I rarely drink coffee and second I'm really not the biggest fan of coffee shops as I like to drink beer in a bar instead of hanging out in some lame hipster infested coffee shop.  This place had intrigued me for awhile though and I wanted to check out what it offered.  They really did a good job of cleaning up and remodelling this long deserted building and it certainly is better than the eyesore that was there previously so kudos to them for that.  They actually had some interesting looking dishes for carnivores on the menu but I only wanted a cup of coffee as I was really tired and needed a caffeine surge to power me through what was going to be a very long night.
I really find a great deal of satisfaction with the fact this place has signage outside boasting of its Vegan Coffee and food but inside they offer several beef and egg options so they are keeping it NOLA real here despite the Vegan angst that would drive Morrissey to slit his soul over the animals murdered for this psudo-Vegan joint.  I do have to admit though I'm very confused by this establishment as I thought all coffee was as Vegan as any plant could be but as all plants are covered in billions of living microorganisms and a host of insect and other animal life which gets mixed into all plants Vegans eat they are all only posers and eat plenty of non-plant creatures (although most Vegans I know subsist largely off of desserts so I consider them dessertarians or carb addicts). 
Continuing with my confused state of mind as I perused the coffee menu here I can honestly say I've never seen a more confusing coffee menu in my life.  They have descriptions next to all the coffee varietals they offer akin to what a wine flavor profile description might be but many of their coffee descriptions include "sweet" and "sugar" in them.  I don't want sweetness or sugar in my coffee as I like mine black and bitter with nothing added like cream, milk or anything else idolarating my pure coffee darkness.  When it comes to coffee my soul is very dark and black as night!  After frustratingly looking for a coffee that might meet my needs on their world encompassing coffee selection I finally just picked one and hoped for the best.  The price was rather higher than I was expecting to pay and the time it took to prepare was rather longer than I was accustomed to.  While I was waiting for my coffeee I perused the offering of their Vegan desserts and I saw a few things that mildly stimulated my interest yet ultimately I wasn't tempted to indulge in any of them as I was still feeling a bit wounded in my wallet because most other dessert and coffee shops in NOLA would have netted me both a nifty snack treat and a coffee beverage for the same price I paid for just my coffee here.
Due to the price I paid I had high expectations of my special African coffee bean selection and it was served in a rather larger than average coffee mug.  The taste started out a bit smooth and velvety but ended with a bit of saltiness and a hint of beef broth.  The beef broth finish might have totally have been in my imagination though as I had been focusing on looking at all the interesting beef dishes they offered on their menu and I do love looking at some beef dishes in a Vegan establishment!  Ultimately I just wasn't that impressed with my coffee and I don't think I would really return for more or to hang out here with the extra groovy hipster crowd that seemed to be loving the angst of this place.  
I wish I could like the coffee here more and I'm a bit tempted to return and try some of the beef dishes and I'm really glad these entrepreneurs fixed up this long deserted space but as I was leaving some douche hipster on a moped pulled right up behind me and parked on the yellow triangle illegally behind my legally parked vehicle and was about a half inch from my bumper... I hate damn idiot douche hipsters on their mopeds that park illegally and try to block me in... I refrained from throwing the moped at the hipster and thankfully I have a rear camera on my vehicle that makes maneuvering and parking much easier so I also avoided the temptation to smash the little moped with my bumper and after much microscopic maneuvering I was finally able to escape this enclave of hipster buffoonery.  
Maybe I will stop in again as there were a few cute ladies hanging out here that had only minor hipster angst upon them but it will be a tough sell if I want coffee and freedom from douche hipsters.  So unfortunately my main impressions are less than optimal coffee and then my experience being totally ruined by bad douche hipster customers which the coffee is all HiVolt's responsibility and the douche hipsters bring it all on themselves and earn all the sterility and impotence their skinny jeans bring upon them.  Maybe Vegans will like the pseudo -Veganism of this place as much as hipsters do and psudo-hipster Vegans will just eat this place up!  Morrissey he just hates this place and me.I recently came to town with a bunch of friends and we ended up coming here multiple times! Breakfast sandwiches were perfect and if you don't love toast options clearly you've never tried them. The muffins were perfectly crispy on top and soft down below. Lots of ways to accommodate different diets and allergies. Great service and atmosphere as well.Most expensive cup of mocha I've ever had. It was relatively tasty but $5 for 12 ounces is pretty excessive. My husband had a $3.50 9 ounce cappuccino.First time here and I don't know if I'll be back. Coffee is so so. Food service took a long time and my poached egg came out hard boiled :( Nice, but a bit hipstery.Great coffee shop in the lower garden district. Food choices are diverse and served freshly made. Indoor and outdoor seating with wifi. Can't go wrong with a latte:)Once those first few sips of coffee hit me early in the morning, it's the best I feel all day.  
You can find me perched up here several times a week studying behind the world's biggest nursing text book, hiding behind a novel (when I should really be reading the world's biggest text book) or chillin outside at a table if the morning is cool enough.  HiVolt is my neighborhood spot and makes my coffee ritual all the more lovely.  
The craft coffee is innovative and unique.  Each cup is a work of art.  Their coconut-lime muffins made quite the impact on me.  During the lime shortage I was ready to hop in my car, head for the border and bargain with the cartel just so HiVolt could stuff me full of my favorite pastries.  I am also addicted to ALL of their toast creations (many of them vegan....which I'm not...)
As an extrovert, I get a lot of stimulation from my surroundings.  HiVolt has beautiful natural light, local artwork on the walls and gorgeous light fixtures.  This little spot makes me happy and keeps me on my A-game.  Try it out next time you're looking for an extra little jolt in your coffee time.thank you, baby jesus, for bringing new orleans consistently great espresso (and iced tea!), even if comes a full five to ten years behind nearly all comparable metropolitan areas in our blessed nation. 
in short order, they're positively blowing everyone else in town--except maybe merchant?--out of the water. if i was among their competition, i would be nervously peeing my pants.I'm SO so glad this coffee shop popped up down the street from me. And there are some great other shops within walking vicinity, but this one I've been anticipating for a while!
First things. The space is absolutely perfect. A great counter to work at and watch them make coffee. They also have ample table on the far wall with outlets at every one (!). I just love the crispness of this place, and the vibe is has is what I'm looking for in a coffee shop.
The coffee itself is very good. A little pricey for a pour-over (my go to), but you can really taste the difference. They love coffee here, and it makes me fall in love with it each time. They've also got great food items too.. a lot of vegan pastries (which, as a carnivore, I can attest that they are incredible), and some interesting breakfast dishes. Their eggs, although nothing fancy, were perfectly cooked and hit the spot. Some hot sauce would have been perfect, but this was right when they were opening, so slack is being cut. 
The thing I love about this coffee shop is that I can sit, do work.. and if I get hungry, there are things to eat besides just pastries. And it's pretty healthy. Maybe more expensive than I could make at home.. but that's the point. I'm eating out and making it a working lunch. I dig it.. and I like the direction they're going with it.
Also. If you love nutella (you do), they have this apple/nutella/toast combo that is just amazing. But honestly, but nutella on anything and I'd eat it. I wish I was joking.
Overall, I love this place. The people are friendly, they stay busy, and they have great coffee. It does fill up fast, but they have outdoor seating, and honestly, good for them. It's for a reason. I love this new shop, and I hope they're here to stay!Have been here a few times and have always had an okay experience, but recently had an encounter that will keep me from coming back. I ordered a curry chicken salad and an ice tea and waited for my meal. I was in a hurry so I was waiting at the counter for my food to come out. My te came in a to-go cup and it was pretty tasty. However when I got my salad it was in a bowl, and I told the server I may have forgotten but I need this to go. She audibly sighed and rolled her eyes at me and then furiously dumped the salad into a to-go co Rainer. I was appalled by how she handled me as a customer. Food and drink is not worth the service.The coffee and food at HiVolt are good, though definitely pretty pricey. Their breakfast sandwiches are simple, but the veggies are super fresh, and together with the sauce that comes with the sandwich, it's a good item on the menu. 
HOWEVER, THERE IS A HUGE DOWNSIDE. The worst part about this place is the awful staff. Some of the other reviews mention "Big Red," so I'm glad to know that she wasn't a horrible wench to me alone. Went in a few days ago and ordered $50 worth of coffee and food (again, this place is overly priced; the $50 was for just two people, and it only included breakfast sandwiches, two juices, and two coffees). My friend and I took about a minute to decide what we wanted to order, and there was no one in line behind us, but Big Red stood there glaring at us and sighing loudly as if we were doing her the biggest disservice in the world by coming into the cafe where she works and ordering coffee and simple sandwiches. 
As we waited for our food (it took about 25 minutes for our sandwiches to come out, and, again, it wasn't busy, but we did hear Big Red loudly saying numerous times to her coworker that she "doesn't get paid enough to rush out food," so she took her sweet time getting our order to the kitchen), we watched her treat a number of other customers this same way. She slammed down coffees, sighed, loudly complained about how "annoying" customers are, and just straight up glared at every single person who came through the door. Like, we get it, you hate your job. Why don't you get a new one? Ever thought that the reason you're not getting hundreds of tips is because you are totally rude to your customers? 
In a nutshell: decent coffee and food at HiVolt, and the other customers who come in are great, but if you want a nice place to relax and read while you drink your coffee, this is not it; you will be glared at and made to feel like you are a huge burden on Big Red merely by existing. We won't be back!Went here this past weekend in NOLA. Such a relief to find a place that had nondairy options. I ordered an iced mocha latte with almond milk--I forgot to say almond milk when I first ordered because I'm so used to my local vegan coffee shop and they kindly re-made it for me with no charge. Me and my husband each got a vegan/gluten free donut: chocolate chip and salted caramel. Very good and not dryGreat coffee both the drip and specialty drinks.  The food is really delicious as well.  Everything tastes fresh and well made.  The fig bar is the best thing I've ever eaten in a coffee shop.Great selection of vegan baked goods and fantastic coffee! The staff wasn't the most polite but could have been having an off day. The avocado with poached egg makes a great breakfast that isn't very heavy but is still filling.Great coffee. AWESOME breakfast food. We shared the half avocado with a poached egg and the Brussels sprouts dish. Both were amazing. Good location and atmosphere, much less touristy and peaceful. Good service.Yummy iced mocha with almond milk and very friend baristas! :) also, lots of vegan options!!!HiVolt has great coffee and is a neat place overall. Not far off of St. Charles and is worth a walk over. Also has paleo friendly items!HiVolt has good coffee and the space is conducive for all types of visits (studying, social, business, etc). It is easily accessible right off magazine street, and the modern decor is very cool.
I love coffee, and i have found much better flavor and variety elsewhere, and the pricing and attitude can be off putting at HiVolt. I really like casual places, but the aloofness is too extreme here.
I gave three stars because I am not opposed to coming again, and it may be a great scene for others, but I plan on spending my time elsewhere.Lots of gluten free options and fresh juices ($7).  Blueberry muffin was really tasty - not too sweet with fresh blueberries.  Mexican chocolate donut had good flavor and was moist.  Muffin and donut = $7.  Good coffee options as well.  Good place to meet friends for breakfast.  Not amazing but a solid breakfast choice. Good funky vibe.Above average coffee, great muffins, and friendly staff. Decent amount of seating overall-good mix of bar seating and tables.Love this local coffee shop and café.  The coffee beverages are superb and made exclusively with Counter Culture beans.  And if you are not a coffee person, Hivolt has so much more!  HOMEMADE FROM SCRATCH muffins, quinoa cakes, smoothies, sandwiches, egg dishes...it goes on and on.   Tons of vegan, vegetarian and even gluten free options.  Cool space, great staff and hard working, dedicated owners.A bit expensive. Got a cold brew iced coffee which was decent. I didn't try any food, but ran into a co-worker here who says that it's great. I will say this though...I loved the music playlist.Super spacious on the inside and adorned with comparably eclectic artwork all around.  The folks here serve up Counter Culture roasts based in North Carolina with nearly half a dozen SO selections available by pour over.  For anyone interested in a more filling caffeinated concoction, the Shockproof here was very unique - a blend of coffee, butter and MCTs (medium-chain triglycerides).  Richness for days, so be prepared.
As for the service, the barista apparently preferred drip coffee and didn't seem to know much at all about any of the SO roasts when I asked for recommendations...so you may be on your own for that.Excellent coffee, cool staff, interesting people. and clean. food looked tasty though the universe did not open to me in that particular fashion. 
Here's to next time!This place is awesome! Came here today for a late brunch and immediately liked the vibe - reminded us so much of hubby's Berkeley Co-op days - cozy atmosphere, friendly staff, funky music, and a sign advertising the option to add CBS oil shots to your drink! ;)
We got the The Dom sandwich and the Souper Bowl (coconut rice, two poached eggs, avo, spinach, etc in broth), which was very fitting because today happens to be the Saints vs. Rams NFC championship game at the superdome! Not sure how hubby will fare today because he accidentally wore all blue... 
Back to the food - delicious!! The eggs in both dishes were perfectly cooked, oozy just the way we like it. So much flavor in the Souper Bowl; I want to try and recreate it at home but pretty sure it won't taste as good. 
Hoping we can fit another trip here during our short stay in NOLA!It's alright. Iced coffee wasn't bitter nor strong enough for me. Just a personal preference. More expensive than usual. Free Wi-Fi is reliable.The boyfriend and I decided to stop by here to get coffee before we head back on the road. The boyfriend ordered the Cacao Espresso and i ordered a regular coffee. The Cacao Espresso is a smoothie that has coffee, bananas, and other ingredients. It was very tasty and probably one of the best healthy coffee smoothies i've ever tried. The regular coffee was fulfilling and had a very tasteful coffee taste. The staff was friendly and the place was cute. I would definitely come back when i am in town.Can't wait to go back for coffee and a snack when we move to Nola in February. Vegans, paleo people, gluten-free folks, foodies, and health conscious eaters of all things will be happy here.
And damn good espresso-based drinks (I'm a snob about my italianos and cappuccinos). Crazy nice staffers, too. Best coffee in town!Best coffee in the LGD, excellent baked goods too. So glad this place opened up.This coffee joint is awesome. It totally fits the scene of where it's located. The area is sort of like an art district-type area with cafes and small businesses.
I ordered a cortado here and was made excellent. My barista took her time making it and still managed to creat foam art while people were waiting in line. That's dedication! 
Anyways this is a great low key study sesh type cafe which is always nice!Lots of space for sitting (I ended up here after trying to go to Mojo, but that place had no available seats), and delicious coffees.  I did not try any of the foods but they had a huge selection, surely something for everyone (from vegan stuff to meat-containing stuff).Very good prices for what you order. The flavor is very consistent and service is always nice. Not overly suffocating nice (I hate that). Also, there are uh-maze-ing pastries at the counter from donuts to muffins and neat little sodas in the cooler. My girlfriend got a shot of espresso and it was served in a teeny tiny coffee cup on a saucer with a piece of caramel candy wrapped on the side and ALSO a glass of soda water which was not requested but very much enjoyed. Nice location right off of magazine. Very pleased with the decor also.Cool atmosphere, good vibes, and good seating - some bar seats and some big tables.  The coffee was good, but not great.  I had a muffin and it was very sugary, which may be more of a preference thing (I prefer my muffins heartier) but is good to be aware of.  I also had the green smoothie, which again was good but not great.One of my favorite coffee shops/ breakfast and lunch spots in the city.  The coffee is excellent, and the baristas are great.  What sets this place apart is the creative drinks, and the amazing food.  The breakfast sandwiches and lunch options are creative and delicious, and they have some really unique smoothies and vegan options (check the Cacao Espresso Smoothie, or the Red White Green Sandwich.)  Everyone working here, including the owner and cook, are awesome, super helpful and friendly.  The interior is great and very conducive to getting some work done if that is your thing (I come often to do work), but can also be  good place to hang and catch up.  There are a number of good coffee shops in the LGD, but I always end up back here.Seriously one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had.....!!!
Good Morning Vietnam....I believe was the name of it?!
Perfect!!Bah humbug. I ordered a cup of pour-over, it took 20 minutes to make, and didn't taste all that great. I mean, it was fine. But for $4.00 and and 20 minutes I was expecting something great. I make pour-over coffee at home all the time, and it takes 5 minutes.
I didn't order any food, so I can't attest to the quality of that, but can I just say that even as a pregnant woman the toast with peanut butter, coconut and jalapenos did not look appetizing.
Super cute space though. Was it a laundromat in a previous incarnation?My uber driver recommended this place and man thank goodness for him!! Super delicious food, I had the breakfast burrito and it hit the spot. My mom had the American, a perfect simple sandwich. It can with a side of the kefir herb dressing and that was soooo good and super refreshing!! Delicious cold brew as well. Reasonably priced. If you ever need a quick breakfast or lunch spot in the garden district this is it!!Counter culture coffee...
Nice take on toasts using baguette, ricotta honey was nice.
Nice decor and white LA Marzocco GB machine. 
Would prefer an additional roaster option, but overall a solid experience.this place has got it down. a great cup of espresso starts with great beans and a great espresso machine to back it up and they've got both. on top of that, they have an awesome line of food and pastries. Make sure you try the homemade pumpkin muffins and any of the toasts! ambiance is amazing too. this place just can't get any better. they have been open for about 2 weeks and i have gone about 5 times. some would say i'm obsessed.
make sure to try:
pumpkin cream cheese muffins
toasts
cappuccino
lemonade
pretty much anything, you can't go wrongLove this spot! Strong coffee, lots of good food, homemade baked goods, and veg/ vegan options. The staff is friendly and the service is great. They have Valentina hot sauce, as well as some other good options (green sriracha) to pick from that go beyond Crystal. I love the Ozzy!This place might have had the best food this vegetarian ate in New Orleans. The Ozzy bowl was fantastic (that dressing!), the vegan cashew chocolate coffee bar was gooey and delicious, and my latte was perfect.This is my favorite find in New Orleans so far on my visit.
A great coffee shop with awesome breakfast selections - I don't think it can get any better than that!
Their selection of coffee, tea, kombucha's and other prepacked drinks are spot on!
I couldn't stop looking at all of the breakfast selections in the bakery case - so many gluten free options, so many gluten free and vegan options, as well as no dietary restrictions. It all looked amazing - oh and there is a raw brownie that looked like the best thing in this world - I need to go back and try it.
On this visit though, I got a gluten free vegan king cake donut - because who doesn't visit New Orleans near Mardi Gras and not get a king cake (or a variation I can eat). It was amazing. Totally did not taste like a crappy variation at all - so good. I also paired it with a cold brew coffee, which was spectacular. Definitely worth visiting and now my friend that lives local's new favorite spot!Good place to work or study while taking a coffee. A wide variety of coffee. No almond or soy milk available to add to my ice coffee. It was very crowded, I will try another time.Marvelous breakfast sandwiches (French Connection and Dom) and well prepared hot drinks, but yes rather expensive overall. The raspberry lemon muffin was not as tasty nor as moist.My wife and I have a subscription to Counter Culture's coffee subscription service because they carry amazing  single origin coffees.  When you drink as much coffee as I do you really taste the difference from one coffee to another, and having the different roasts as lattes is amazing... why am I going on about this... well because HiVolt features Counter Culture coffee.
I have loved every latte/ shot of espresso I have had at HiVolt.  I love that I can pick from the current stock (which is always rotating), and that I can ask what the tasting notes are from the knowledgeable staff.  Typically I prefer a sweeter bean (dark berries/ stone fruits/ chocolates) over more acid ones (citrus/ green apple) but really, this is a personal preference, the nice thing is that there is usually something that could please any person's palate.  If you like a sweeter flavor though, I would recommend the Baroida if they have it available.
I also love the clean modern feel of the interior.
The food... I have no idea.  I see a lot of the word VEGAN and honestly, even though it is probably fine, eating from a vegan friendly menu has no appeal to me...Coffee was just OK.  I had a cappuccino that was way too wet, nearly a latte.  The kale salad was good, although the taco chips were annoying as they caused part of the salad to slide out of the bowl when the chips slid on the bowl as I tried to fork some salad.
Inside is pretty dingy, makes you wonder about the cleanliness of the food prep areas.  Also observed an employee removing muffins and pastries with her bare hand and placing them in the display cases.
Lots of other options in the area, I would try them first.This is my favorite coffee shop. Period. 
The coffee is incredible. The food is solid (may I suggest the Ozzy Plate?)
If you're traversing NOLA and looking for some caffeine fuel, stop here. They're very vegan-friendly if that is your thing. And this is tasty vegan stuff. Not bland -- at. all. They have gluten-free vegan muffins and pastries. But get a sandwich or plate (Ozzy plate Ozzy plate Ozzy plate). 
Seating can be limited. It's not the largest cafe, but I haven't really had any issue finding a place to park it. 
It's in a great location -- across from Half Moon, near Juan's Flying Burrito. You could easily make this a great stop on any day, and after you visit, you'll find it hard to not go back. 
(Don't forget to get a punch card for a free coffee after 10 purchases)Well worth a visit! From the first step inside you get the feeling that this place is cool. Modern art and lighting give off a modern relaxed vibe and the seating layout is comfortable which is probably why there are people sitting and working quietly on their MacBooks in every corner. Or perhaps they're there because they know they are getting the best espresso coffee in the area. It would be nice if they had a sign asking that people utilize the bar area for computer work rather then a whole shop with one person taking up every table! We struggled to get a seat due to the inconsideration of these patrons. That said its expertly made, smooth flavored coffee. Their white La Marzocco machine was super cool and the coffee was yum!This is by far my favorite coffee place, and I'm from Los Angeles, where there are plenty of choices.  They have awesome choices for treats to go with your amazing cup of coffee or tea.  Whether you are looking for vegan sweets, no sugar juices, or just regular delicious snacks, it can all be ordered here.  You won't be disappointed!
The staff is very knowledgeable about their coffee, products, and ingredients.  The atmosphere is casual - you can get your coffee & go or hang out for a bit.  
I love the fat coffee - which is made with butter and coconut oil. Very delicious when I add a touch of stevia!I got the vegan cacao smoothie. This was an interesting drink I'd recommend, but I'm not a huge banana fan, so if you don't care for bananas, you might want to avoid this beverage. 
The environment is hip with a modern industrial esc aesthetic. The baristas are nice and eager to help you find your caffeine fix.This place was a little out of the way but I wanted to go considering it was ranked one of the best coffee places in New Orleans. The place had a pretty simple design with plenty of seating. Be prepared to park on the street (like most places in New Orleans). I got an iced latte and a bacon cheddar scone. The latte was a bit disappointing, pretty bitter like maybe the beans were cooked a little too long. The scone, however, was amazing, super moist and cheesy. I would definitely go back just for that.This is my favorite coffee shop in the city.  I am here at least 3 times a week.  They have great food, especially for a coffee shop and the coffee is some of the best in the city in my opionion.  The internet is reliable and they have plenty of tables for you to camp at and work.  The music does get a bit loud but they more than make up for that with the cool atmosphere, nice snacks, and ample space, and outlets.Traveling to New Orleans and was looking for a good place to work - somewhere with healthy food options, solid wifi, plentiful tables, and outlets. HiVolt delivered! I removed one star because there is no water station and the kitchen got my order wrong - I asked for dressing on the side and very minimal quinoa on my ozzie breakfast bowl. It was delicious, but I don't like wasting food and had to leave a lot of what I didn't ask for on the plate!I've driven/walked/run past this place many times, but somehow it never looked appealing from the outside to me! I recently discovered in through other yelpers and knew I had to try. I dragged my husband here on Sunday afternoon, and HiVolt did not disappoint! 
The outside is a little funky, but the inside is cool, clean, and I would describe as retro/modern. There is a menu with sandwiches, salads, and the like on your right. I like how they provide a lot of dietary options (GF, containing gluten, vegan, and non-vegan). They have hot cold, pour over, espresso... any kind of coffee type beverage you may desire. I have recently been a tea fanatic and they had a great selection of herbal, caffeinated, and non caffeinated teas. I can't remember exactly what I ordered but it had ginger and it was phenomenal. I really liked how the tea was literally scalding hot! I think it provides the best extraction, and too many times I feel like places use almost lukewarm water for tea. 
We weren't too hungry, but split a blueberry muffin. It was large and in charge and delicious. They had a lot of fresh pastries and breads available. 
This is the kind of place I really like. Fresh, light fare and delicious coffee and tea. Somewhere you can go and just be yourself and relax. Sorry it's taken me so long HiVolt!Latte is wonderful. Smoothies fresh and delicious. And the smells from the baking are heaven. Easy to find parking. What a surprise for me as i recently relocated to the area. Cute neighborhood spot.Great, friendly service, and delicious espresso. The cortado was well done - strong and just the right size. I enjoyed sitting by the espresso bar, smelling the freshly ground beans and watching the baristas do their thing.The salon I work at frequents this place. We love it. Great coffee! Great service! Great and healthy food options! I like that they do punch cards for a free coffee. I like that their menu changes and evolves and that they have veggie, vegan, and meat options. A little on the pricey range, but worth what you get.I've been here about 25 times and have a love/hate relationship with the shop.
There are so many pros. 
Bright, well lit atmosphere with local art all over the walls. Love the light fixtures.
Their coffee is pretty good. Berry and smooth. Responsible coffee company.
The food is pretty amazing. I recommend the avo cup, the muffins, the salads. Big healthy portions.
They make a kefir based herb yogurt sauce that goes with most of their items that I crave daily. Items are fresh, and whole foods based.
They make breakfast sandwiches which I wouldn't recommend. The eggs are a lil weird and the bread is so hard all the fillings fall all over your lap when you bite into it.
The reason this place is not a five star like many of my other reviews, is because of the staff.
One day big red told me that I didn't know what I was ordering. Literally. Then she made me the wrong drink, and rolled her eyes at me when I asked for what I originally ordered.
The next time I went in she looked at her coworker and rolled her eyes. Because she made the wrong drink, was crazy rude, and got called out on it.
There are times when there's a line out the door and the baristas will talk for ten minutes with a friend while customers behind me start getting pissssed. 
It takes forever, they can be extremely snippy, and it's expensive. 
No wifi on the weekends till 1 which I understand so this place doesn't turn into mojo with folks from LA having loud skype calls while people are trying to have their mornin coffee. 
A good spot to study and snack as long as you don't mind slow bitchy hipster baristas.
I look forward to when the girl who makes the jewelry is working. Not only is her jewelry (sold on the wall when you walk in) simple and beautiful, she is an absolute accommodating sweetheart. I wish she worked more often.
People matter. You can have the best product in the world but if you serve it with a salty attitude it will never taste as good.This place is the BEST!
(In case you didn't know, this is sarcasm!)
If a shot of battery acid floats your boat, then you'll love HiVolt.  And don't miss the liquid diarrhea inducing food selections!Y'all the food is so good!! Get a piece of quiche with a side salad and you'll be full and happy. It all tastes fresh and made with care! The pastries and varied and delicious. The tea selection is lovely!I am there at least once a week since it is almost an office to me. They have really good food for a coffee shop. Clean bathrooms and reliable internet. Tables and chairs are confortable and it is a nice environment. It does get a little noisy but if you don't mind it... it is actually a good place to work, meet up with someone or have a good lunch. Hell... you might even see me there having the chimi beef salad!Was visiting New Orleans for a few days, and kept coming back here! Over many visits, had the baked goods, yogurt bowl, and breakfast sandwich, all of which were delicious. The main downside is that it can get pretty full, but we found that people were happy to share tables.HiVolt is a great place to catch a well made craft coffee. I ordered a pour over coffee, and was given several options of coffee from around the world. Each had origins and descriptions of flavors to help decide. The one I originally picked was out of stock, but I asked the barista to recommend one and was given the Idido coffee. It was fruity and the flavors described were readily apparent. It was served in a big ceramic mug after a fresh pour over process. 
The shop has tons of GF, vegan, and vegetarian options of both the sweet and savory variety, so anyone should be able to find a delicious brew and snack no matter their dietary restrictions. It was clear that this shop takes a lot of pride in what they offer. 
The shop itself is big, well-lighted, and clean with blond wood and modern metal. Many of the tables are large enough to spread out at, and my colleague and I were able to conduct a couple of hours of work with access to space, wifi, and outlets. The music was dark indie guitar type rock that kept an energetic and cool mood without being so loud that you couldn't work. They have gender neutral bathrooms, which is always a plus. Most of the people there this afternoon looked like they were getting down to business or were in meetings, but it seems like it might turn into more of a hangout space later in the day. I've been caffeinating a lot on this trip, and this was one of the highlights. It's one of the less intimate coffee shops I've been to here, but it was slick, sharp, and skillful.Love everything about the place. It's a cute coffee little shop with great food AND coffee drinks. The employees are sweet as can be.