Love this bar... The staff always makes you feel at home no matter whwre you are from...It is mostly service industry people but all are welcome . Leah makes this place ..she has your back , knows what you drink ALWAYS and is always on point .Po boys and Gumbo...the combination just sounds so delightful and a must if you're visiting the Big Easy! 
So naturally, we looked up a place on Yelp and this was rated well and super close to our hotel. We almost missed this place as it's not like a typical store front. You have to go inside an alley like hallway to get to the main door of the restaurant. The interior is small and has a very mom and pop atmosphere. 
I got in line to order the fried shrimp po boy with gumbo soup combo and the hubby ordered the same but a fried oyster po boy instead. The portion size was HUGE. I had half a sandwich left and it made quite a delicious snack later in the day. 
The staff was friendly there were a bunch of locals as well.There is a bar side to this place but the restaurant part is only open till 2 in the afternoon, and the bar is open till 3am. The bar does not serve food from what I gather, so if you want to try this combo, you should come before 2pm. 
Overall, the food was great! If you're in the area, come check this place out! Get some yummy po boy and gumbo in your tummy!If you're looking for a little dive place with great food which doesn't have a line of tourists around this is your spot. Had the crabmeat and shrimp casserole and it was amazing. They have different items for each day of the week which is cool since you don't have to decide from too many good dishes at once.BBQ ribs plate is huge! Delicious! 
Shrimp & Grits are great-well seasoned 
Fast delivery
The plates R huge! I eat off 1 more than once! I always have leftovers.We were told about this place through a friend. She told us it was a hole-in-the-wall but that the food was fantastic. She was absolutely right! We all had the lobster and crab bisque and po boy sandwiches! It was all so good. The bisque was creamy and full of flavor. The po boy I had was shrimp and catfish - they were so crispy and had just the right amount of seasoning. We will be going back!It ain't fancy but it is so good! Don't be put off by it's tiny sign and location wedged behind a bar. It's great. I had a oyster po'boy. It is great tasting and enough food for two grown men.five stars for best dive
at night?  the bartenders play great music, and have fun.  
also at night you get to see all the rodents who live here.  there's ben, gentle ben, ben gay, bend over, etc...  .   
however, I know that by day, this kitchen is spotless, and the staff kicks butt...  the poboys are great, and there really isn't anyplace in new orleans that doesn't have a rat.Order one order at a time. It is to confusing to order for everyone. Your order will get messed up. It was great food. Worth the headache.What a treat! Super funky old school New Orleans bar with a great little kitchen in the back cooking real deal stick to your ribs food. Oyster po'boy and gumbo will not disappoint. Try the banana pudding!I ordered the Chicken wings with fries & a salad for under $9.00 great price.
The wings were cooked just right but didn't impress me. My fries were warm not Hot.Only giving 2 stars based on the attitude of the woman who answers the phone at this place. Heard that she is the owners wife so her attitude will never change but the food is definitely a 5 and their delivery guys are nice as can be.Great po boys and super friendly staff. A total hidden gem! Would highly recommend stopping by. It's probably the best po boy I had while I was staying in New Orleans. Just a quick walk from Canal and totally worth it.Have to hand it to Yelp Reviewers for finding and recommending this place.  Wanted to go to a local breakfast, no nonsense joint for a memorable southern breakfast.  This did not disappoint. Located next to Daisy Duke's on Carondelet Street, which is the same street as Bourbon St on the opposite side of Canal.  Easy to miss, so look for the billboard next to Daisy Duke's. There's not much signage so just go through to the door on the end and you'll find it.  Just open the closed door.
They have a really extensive menu and a lot of selections and a number of daily specials. The food is really good and the price is definitely on mark.  You get a lot of food for what you pay for.  I got the shrimp and grits and would order again. Super flavorful and couldn't believe the amount of shrimp I got for that price.  I wanted to come back for their crab and shrimp casserole as it was highly recommended, though maybe not for breakfast.  Seriously, this place did not disappoint and the food came out very fast and delicious.  They're open late (until 3am) and have a full bar attached to them next door. Looking forward to my next trip.I stopped by and grabbed shrimp po boy and gumbo.  I took the food back to hotel to eat and I was very disappointed with their offering.
gumbo - very salty... couldn't finish after three spoonful... not sure if it was a left over the night before... but would not order Gumbo again.
shrimp po boy - lacked flavors and was disappointed that they use cooked mini shrimp in the sandwich... because precooked shrimp was used, after its fried, the shrimps are tough and hard... I wish they used fresh shrimp, batter it and fry it.
Unfortunately, time wasn't on my side so I wasn't able to visit other joints that served gumbo and po boy's to compare it with Hobnobber's offering; I hope to revisit and try gumbo and po boy's from other establishments...This was our first lunch in New Orleans and it was the best! We were a bit scared to go in but one of the worker's was nice enough to invite us and walk us in. My partner and I both ordered the po'boy and gumbo special. I had the shrimp and he had the fried catfish. We both thought they were great! A huge po'boy and huge bowl of gumbo for $10.50!! They gumbo was great and had a lot of flavor. .shrimp, sausage, and crab legs. It was definitely a great start to our day.Absolutely awesome food and service! Was looking to enjoy some authentic Cajun on our visit to New Orleans, and this place did the job right! My girlfriend and I split the shrimp and cheesy grits which were ridiculously delicious. This place is a must if you're in the area!I love Hobs so much. Used to work at the Pere Marquette and loved seeing the owners and their family work and run the restaurant. I loveeee their seafood bisque but ordered the Panne Chicken today with potatoes au gratin.  SO GOOD. they deliver to my new job so all is not lost!Not the cleanest looking place or healthiest and it's located in the back of a bar... but the food here was probably the most NOLA food that we came upon. It's very southern with their po boys and gumbo, and they also have the regular breakfast menu. It was the only place that was in distance to our hotel without trying to get through the crowd, or wait hours for the parade and wait at other places...
We saw a lot of locals and they directed us to order the catfish po boy and some gumbo. And that's exactly what I did. I ordered the catfish po boy and the gumbo. The catfish po boy was really good, but it was so greasy for me... The gumbo was the best gumbo I had, it looked homemade and they included some crab claws and legs in there! I really enjoyed their gumbo. Again--a little on the salty side but I really think that's a NOLA thing. Lots of flavoring and salt and drench in oil. My BF got the eggs and bacon breakfast... the grits came yellow from all the butter they put in there. Pricing was really decent for the amount of food you get! 
We also got the bloody mary from the bar and it was waaaay too salty... but good from recovering from last night!
You may have a heart attack or your cholesterol just sky-rocketed...but a little here and there of greasy food doesn't hurt...It is literally a hole in the wall that I had a little difficulty finding because I did not spot the door that brings you to a small area near the back of the building. It is a great spot to grab some regular breakfast for $5-$6. It has eggs/ omelettes, sausages, hash browns, pancakes, grits, etc. I ordered a fried egg, sausage patty, hash browns [grilled potatoes version], and toast. Everything is very good. It also offers shrimp and catfish but those items are obviously more expensive.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Every once in awhile you find the real thing! First and foremost the people- I believe Big Daddy on the outside ( Curtis)  who talked us into trying while we parked. Your not going to find it by chance. Cheryl? the kind young lady that tracked me down when I left my phone on the Table..."Thank you" 
Now the food - Thanks to all in the small but efficient kitchen, as a chef for years I can certainly understand the limitations of a small space. But what emerges is Food LOVE! I had the Gumbo...Bamm and a Crab Cake plate with Salad and Mac & Cheese... The guy I was with had the Shrimp Po Boy Plate with Gumbo- $ 11.95 - Big Fresh and delicious!!  Well worth the trip ! Hope to go back soon- Thank you!Eat here. Across from the quarter on canal, you think you missed it but it's on the corner with a tree in front. You walk into a tiny bar, don't be confused, you're in the right spot. Walk to the back through another tiny door and you've found it. Like 7 tables, two order windows. Left you order right you pay. Simple down to earth southern food. Grits and eggs + biscuit = heaven. Not classy but awful dang tasty. Find it, enjoy it, love them.This place is almost like hidden gem. Unexpectedly located in the back of a building. The people were very friendly and chatty. I got the poboy and gumbo special. Surprising good. Delicious shrimp poboy and my goodness... That gumbo! I almost wish I could bring a jug of that home with me. Amazingly good and amazingly cheap!Fabulous eats! Had shrimp and grits for breakfast and my son and husband had gumbo and my girls had peach cobbler. Great coffee, friendly staff and patrons. Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back :)Dear Hobnobbers, 
Thank you for the very friendly bartender that quickly offered menus that would deliver food to us there, but we what were really hoping for was to find the restaurant and the food that so many people like. Unfortunately, your hours of when you serve food are not conspicuous on your yelp page so we made the mistake of walking all the way here and being disappointed.  Perhaps we'll come again. You definitely have a really fun vibe going on.Amazing hole in the wall place. Right behind the bar out front.
Best gumbo we've ever had! Po boys are awesome too, we got a gumbo & cat fish po boy sandwich and were not disappointed.
Will be back for the other 2 Po boys!Found this place on accident during bayou classic...had to come back for more awesomenessFood and service was great. Had the Crabmeat Casserole W/Mac and cheese,very good. If your ever in the area I highly recommend this restaurantA friend told us we needed to come here for breakfast when visiting New Orleans. We are glad that we did. The food was outstanding and the owners very friendly. We will be back. Great grits, biscuits, eggs, omelette. Glad we came!Breakfast was really good! My fiancé and I both ordered the pancake special. Pancakes tasted homemade and really delicious. Their menu says it comes with one egg but it seemed like more on our plate and the bacon had a little crisp to it. The staff were extra friendly to my fiancé since he was the one who went to order to go. We were extremely satisfied.I live by one rule about good food: it has to be a divey place. The best, most authentic food I have ever eaten has always come from a hole in the wall. This place was no exception. It's been over 24 hours since I have eaten there and I am STILL craving their shrimp and grits. Perfectly cheesy, buttery, and loaded with shrimp. My boyfriend ordered the red beans and rice and the catfish. This man loves catfish. He swears by so many places that make catfish. And now, he swears that this is THE BEST catfish he has ever tasted. I believe it. 
Beyond the food, the staff were soooooo friendly. They wanted to make sure you got what you needed/wanted and that you were completely satisfied with your order. How many places this affordable really give a sh*t if you like your meal? They sat down and chatted with us about DC and even gave me a few recipe tips for making the red beans (shh, I'll never tell!) I will recommend this place to my friends who are getting married in NOLA in April & I will remember to bring tupperware down so that we can smuggle leftovers onto our flight. WOW WOW WOW, you will NOT be disappointed!!!Jay,
Thanks for the generous shots of Maker's.  I tried to tip you well for them.  
Thanks for giving me a ride home two nights (mornings) in a row.  With hindsight, I realize that I could probably barely stand up, much less figure out how to call a cab.
Thanks for the great conversation.  You're a fucking rad guy.
Thanks for all the great tunes.  Neil Young's "Roll Another Number (For the Road)" was the perfect anthem for my last night in the city.
To everyone else: this joint is right across Canal from the foot of Bourbon St. and even though it's more subdued from the 24 hour frat party up the street, you won't find a better place to go for drink and good conversation anywhere.Delicious breakfast! Nothing fancy about it and that is exactly what we wanted. Recommended if you want good ole home cooking.Found this place on Yelp and decided to try and find it, As we think we have spotted it about 1.30pm a worker pointed us in and from that point on we sat back and enjoyed the ride.
We worked ourselves up to get a Roast beef Po Boy and some Mac Cheese, we are from New Zealand so stuck with what we knew, BUT we got set straight by the Cook and he added a Gumbo soup free of charge and then bought out 2 samplers for us to try.
Well as they said you cant be in the South and not try Gumbo, and WOW......i felt like a starving man who hasnt eaten, i was putting it away with no breath between it was unreal, i was following it up by the Roast beef Po boy and my taste buds went to overload, then the helpings of the seafood casserole came into it followed by mouthfulls of Mac N Cheese, my brain said stop but i was in the zone.
It would be foolish to not pass on the message of this little hole in the wall heaven, while this was all going on the people inside talked and laughed and made us feel like it was our local, you never go anywere in this world with that happening these days but i think this gem is it.
Do yourselves a favour and go and sit down and enjoy, do not leave until you can regather yourself to find the pins under you they call legs and drag yourself out, this took honours of best food to date in the States.
Friendly helpfull and good food. 
The world is a great olace with these humble people.This is the first restaurant where I have been so blown away that I feel compelled to leave a review. We were in town for jazzfest and needed a place to grab a quick bite and avoid 30 minutes of rain. We ended up staying for two hours due to exceptional service and food.  Hell I'm a vegetarian but I had to break rank because the food smelled so good. 4 Days later I can still remember talking to Boy, Danny, and Donald as they navigated us through food, drink, and and asome of the more absurd stories I've heard.. Screw cafe Du Monde, this is a real New Orleans gem. If you come, make a point of talking to the staff and eating the gumbo and the crab corn bisque or you're missing out.Love love love this place! Some of the best food I've had in NOLA! Will be back every time I return!One of the workers were passing by as we walked by our hotel and told us to stop by. We were hungry for breakfast so we ran our errand and headed right to this spot. The customer service was excellent and the options were great for a good price. I ordered shrimp, grits, eggs and a biscuit. I took my food to go and opened up a box full of grease. The biscuit was good, but the butter had been poured on. The eggs were cooked perfectly. The grits were ok but the cheese was just on top of the grits instead of cooked into them. The shrimp were fine, but a little overwhelming when trying to enjoy everything at once. It wasn't too bad, but not a place I would run back to.Order and pick up your food at the counter. Good basic home cooked breakfast. And lots of it! We will definitely be coming back to try the seafood!Summary:
The best local joint in the area to get authentic New Orleans food!
Details:
This place is that hole-in-the-wall, obscure but awesome place you always here about. It's far from fancy on the inside, but don't let that detract you from the food and friendliness here. The people there are really great and they give you huge portions.
We got the catfish and grits as a recommendation. The catfish was lightly fried and flaky on the inside. The biscuit was warm and fluffy. And the grits... were the best grits I've ever had, and I don't normally eat grits.The food was extremely greasy and the coffee was something you would find at a rundown truck stop.  This is definitely a very low class establishment which was solidified when an employee loudly referred to customers calling in a order as stupid mother F@&@ers.I came here based on the reviews but was very disappointed... The food was overly greasy, too salty and the shrimp was not fresh.  There was also a huge cockroach on the floor.... I do not recommend this place..."Ya know ya hungry, ya gotta eat!"  Was ushered in here for breakfast and loved every bite of it! Cheap prices and huge portions!When visiting New Orleans, at some point you really want a normal place to eat. A place not prominently listed on the "certified visitors map" found at your hotel. You want to go to a place where the locals go, that's a bit more relaxed, off the tourist path. 
Hobnobber's is a that place.
Going about 9:00 for breakfast, we were greeted by a friendly gentleman who was sitting in outside. He escorted us to down a long, relatively dimly lit hallway covered in signage. He explained that Hobnobber's has two faces: the every-man's restaurant and the bar that doesn't close until the wee hours. At the end of that hallway was a relatively small space, the restaurant,  with pictures of damage caused by Katrina and assorted pictures and signs, like one that said something like if you're grumpy, your bill is doubled. 
At first, you may not know what to make of the place but when you see the menu above the the ordering window, you then understand that this is a place for normal people - people who come to work downtown each day and just want an affordable, good meal. 
I had the #2 - which included two eggs, bacon, a biscuit and grits. The grits were properly cooked, solid, not watery or dry and swimming in butter. The biscuit was good, with a hint of Bisquick, which is fine. The meal wasn't fancy and it didn't scream "NOLA" - it was comforting and familiar. 
Initially, I was going to give Hobnobber's three stars because everything was solid, although not spectacular. I changed it to four stars because of the service. From the entrance to the exit, they try to make sure you're carried for - they aren't trying to take your money and give you a half-assed meal. Also, you get a solid breakfast for two plus coffee for around $23. Is it more expensive than fast food? Yes, but they make it worth it.Omg!  What a hidden gem...rub away a little carbon, you got yourself a diamond.  Best breakfast and friendliest staff ever.  We went there, and bought the shirt.  Prices, quality and quantity are phenomenal.  Think you're close...well listen for their resident barker, Big Dog.  He will take you right to it.  Awesome!  Hobnobbers for life!Great hearty breakfast at popular prices!  Looks like a little hole in the wall but the food is 4 star!  Huge portions, friendly staff, it's all good!  
We are coming back for lunch!Hole in the wall with good home cooked food and good service. If you are ok with getting your own silverware and eating on plastic plates, you will enjoy.  If not, go somewhere else.The prices are reasonable and only a block or 2 from bourbon and canal. I would definitely come back again.Not bad food, but honestly there's better choices. The staff wasn't very friendly, but the nice man outside that directs you to the restaurant is as sweet as can be.Brought our group of 20 in here on a Saturday morning and the kitchen staff pumped out 20 breakfast specials quick and perfect.  Owner came out and welcomed us. Can't praise them enough!Came for the weekend for a wedding -girls trip. Staying at the Intercontinental and googled this spot. Looked a little suspect but it was delicious. I ordered the shrimp and grits served with a biscuit. I love that its the unique not franchised,great southern hospitality.Looking to escape the tourist trap of New Orleans? Wanting a big plate of awesome southern food without the $$ price? Check this place out! It is tucked away down a hallway, connected to a bar, off a quiet street not far from the hotels and Bourbon Street.
It is a no frills interior, very simple set up. You walk up to the window and place your order. They have a pretty big menu. Like many other Yelpers, I went for the Shrimp and Grits. Great decision! They give you so much shrimp! I normally cannot stand the taste and texture of grits but these cheesy grits are so buttery and good!
My boyfriend got the hash brown breakfast which was also a generous size, something like 6 slices of bacon! It was only about $20 for all this food. The service was very authentic and quick. Escape the tourist trap and check this place out for an authentic southern breakfast.It was breakfast. Nothing special but not bad. Did not feel very welcome an it was awkward when ordering. We got basic breakfast. The egg was over fried but it was a good price for a full breakfast!Decided to try this place and we were definitely NOT disappointed!! Forget all the tourist trap places around New Orleans and do yourself a favor and eat here!! Pretty much the fastest and best food we had all weekend. Not to mention everyone is really friendly.
Highly recommend.Friendly folks. No frills, had a decent hash brown special, had quite a varied menu. Regular patrons were bringing in the customers telling all how good their food was. Would return to try their lunch menu. Entry to the place a little awkward but signs point the way.This place is a great place to get some home cooked style breakfast for a very reasonable price. The staff was friendly and we were in and out of there quick with our stomachs full of some good food. Gonna try to do lunch here before we leave. Check it out!All the other reviews were correct.  This place is filled with nice people, good home cooked food at a great price.  They also deliver to your hotel.  We ate there 3 times in 2 days because of the food and price.Complete hole in the wall, but a hidden gem - food was excellent. Came here for lunch. Had the oyster po'boy and gumbo special. The gumbo portion was extremely generous, a full bowl. The best gumbo I've ever had. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Free refills on soda.Went in today for lunch.  Got a ton of great food for very little $. Food was super tasty and the staff was very friendly.Oyster poboy hit the mark. Hidden dive, NYC style place with real, unpretentious soul food.
Recommended.HUGE portions.  I had the crab and shrimp casserole...sign said potato salad or mac n cheese...I ordered the potato salad...I got both...and enough of each to feed 3 people.it was spicy and tasted like New Orleans. ..the place was packed even though it was tucked behind a bar and you had to go down a hallway to find it. The guy singing on the street into the microphone gave us directions. Oh...and if you get the hot roast beef po' boy...be prepared with LOTS of napkins!Hands down the best breakfast I've had down here. The people were super engaging,  actually had conversation with their customers.  It's tucked away as a hidden jewel.  Food was terrific! A bang for your buck.Does not disappoint!  Huge portions, all homemade foods. The grits are amazing, and I'm not a big grits eater.  Do not miss the chance to eat here!!Heads up- 3am closing time is not for the restaurant, just for the bar. Restaurant is a breakfast/lunch only place. We stayed for a Bloody Mary, which was good.Love this hidden gem. I always eat here when I visit NOLA!!! Good home cooked food!!!Always looking for good, affordable restaurants within a short walking distance to my hotel.  This place fits the bill.  Got there just before 7 am, the small place was empty.  Ordered the ham & cheese omelette with grits and a biscuit.  The plate was ladled with half a mountain of grits, with the cheddar cheese and deli ham omelette placed over top, buttered biscuit to the side.  It was all very good, and certainly very filling.  Couldn't finish all the grits, but I tried!  If you're looking for a good stick to your ribs breakfast, this'll do it.  It's not a fancy place, by any means, but you'll not be disappointed by the food.The front door is a little deceiving, it looks like part pool hall/part apartments. Once you make it to the back, the atmosphere seems authentically New Orleans. The crowd was laid back and jovial. We enjoyed listening to the loud conversations of the cooks. We had the catfish/grits and shrimp/cheesy grits. Both were terrific. We'll be back soon for lunch.
Edit: We found out about the restaurant from a man sitting out front passing out paper menus. Then we read reviews on Yelp.Love my local hole in the wall. No, it's not fancy. But, it's home cooking at its finest. No, it's not healthy...well, I'm sure they have healthy options. But, this is not where you go for that. 
Don't judge by appearance. Just go in and enjoy and thank me laterHi my husband and I just had a shrimp and oyster Po'boys and they were great. We will be backThis place is filthy and, in the morning, smells like all the "Hobnobbing" from Bourbon St got washed right down he-ya.
But what more do you want from your friendly, local dive bar?
I highly recommend coming here during the day. The staff is welcoming and funny, you never know what will be on the teevee (once it was Tarsem Singh's "The Fall", another time, "Days of Our Lives") and at least one patron will be looking rougher than you.
Also wins: best jukebox in the CBD (Central Business District).
The drinks are cheap. Pull up a stool and stay awhile.We did not eat her, as it is only serves food 6:00 AM-2:00 PM. Other hours, it's a bar. 
This is NOT mentioned on the website nor any review I read. We were looking for a late lunch, so this did not help us.I had such high hopes for this place, it was one of the first restaurants I bookmarked on Yelp when I was planning my trip to New Orleans. 
The service I experienced there was.. Different, than what I'm used to getting in a restaurant. When I ordered, my order wasn't written down or anything, so I sat there for about 10 minutes hoping my order wasn't forgotten. And during that 10 minutes there was a lot of bickering back and forth between some of the employees in the kitchen about what other people had ordered, which didn't rest my worries any. The lady that took my order was nice though, and reassured me my food was coming up next eventually. 
I ordered the grilled shrimp and cheesy grits, and thought the food was great.. at the time. Until I got FOOD POISONING later that day. I've been on bed rest for the last two days of my vacation now, so my vacation has been cut short :( 
I should have followed my better judgment when I saw that NO ONE, not a single one of the 7 or so people in the kitchen were wearing any gloves and handling seafood. Including the cashier that was handling the money (dollar bills are probably the most filthy item ever) as well as everyone's food. 
Lesson learned, I guess.
*Edit: in response to the message the owner left - food poisoning can take place as early as an hour after eating tainted food. Please don't try to justify the experience by saying I couldn't have gotten so quickly from your establishment...Best. Catfish. Ever. I love this place. Super nice people too. Potato salad. Legit legit legit.Was truly amused by the man that talked us to visiting "the best whole in the wall without the Bourbon St. prices".  That was the best of it.  The food was typical soul food, nothing amazing.  Ordered the catfish, but received the pork chop.  Accepted it because it looked tasty.  The seasoning was good, but more fat than meat.  You really can do better, there are too many options in N.O. to settle for this place.We were looking for a quick bite to eat before hopping in a cab to the airport this morning. The bell man at the hotel had mentioned this place around the corner from the hotel the previous morning. So we decided to check it out. 
You have to walk down this little hallway to getSorry this place should not get 4 stars! The oil is so old that they are using to cook the food in that you can't appreciate the food. The pancakes had no taste unless you like eating flour. The place smells like rat and roach droppings!!!What a wonderful little gem!  I was staying at the Roosevelt and was looking for a decent breakfast place away from the tourist traps on Canal Street and this popped up.  It was a little difficult to find at first and I went into the bar in front looking confused, but was pointed to the dining area in the rear.  This unassuming little place serves up some tremendous local fare for a good price.  I had the fried catfish with grits, and was in heaven.  I love that the patrons were mostly locals coming to get a quick bite or to carry out.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  This is the kind of place that makes for great travel memories.Came here from a recommendation by one of the bellmen at our hotel. WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED! We went back every morning for the rest of our trip! And now whenever I know a friend is traveling to NOLA, I tell them about it. And they thank me later! Absolutely delicious!Don't be afraid.  Restaurant is in the rear.  Great shrimp & grits!  Limit seating, they do a lot of takeout.  
Had a ham and cheese omelette with Too much ham  - a good thing.This is the best bar in town.    I've been in New Orleans for  4 days and I've been here every night.    That staff is AMAZING  from the guys at the door the bartenders the kitchen staff really Amazing.This is two separate but connected places, the dive restaurant and dive bar.  Both outstanding. First, the greasy spoon: Order at the window from a big board and have a seat. Try the cheesy grits, they are 100% butter, 100% cheese, 100% real grits.  This breakfast resurrected my soul after a night of debauchery, and I left feeling cheerful. Look at that pile of shrimp with the grits! And I said god damn! We left to go back to the hotel, but then some others in our group needed a place to go so we sent them to Hobnobbers and followed it up afterward in the tiny adjacent bar. The bartender carefully made a long process, expert bloody mary, spicy but not too much, served with a dilly bean and picked okra. Given the prevalence of in-your-face tourism in much of the quarter, this place is a welcome respite.Local hole in the wall, the food is fantastic! Great price. Will definitely come back.Hole in the wall but authentic poboys and just about the best gumbo anywhere. Don't let the looks deceive you, we'll worth it for good food and a true New Orleans feel. Small place but that only adds to the atmosphere, as do the guys working there.I've only been to the restaurant section. The place is quaint and hospitable. Paul and cheryl(owners) with Donald, Janis and the other staff gives any guess to there place, the feel of returning to a loving family. The food is excellent, the prices are reasonable in a tourist area, and not all of the distraction of the Bourbon st. crowds.This is my favorite hidden gem in New Orleans. The bartenders are always super friendly, the environment is always right, and the drinks always get you feeling right. Love drinking here after a long work day.This place was rather interesting. It's connected to a bar where you can take your food into to eat. The fried catfish was really good but the jambalaya it was on was kind of bland. But it is so much good that you can't complain. My friend got the roast beef sandwich. The flavors were good but it was incredibly salty (and I love salty foods and this was just way too much). But for the prices and all the random choices, I still like this place. Also, the service was so friendly that this place is rather charming.Awesome food and atmosphere. Huge plate with ribs, macaroni, salad, and some bread only $10. I'll be coming back here again. You have to be looking for it because it's just a doorway that leads back to the restaurant.Found this place on Yelp while visiting the NOLA area. My husband and I ordered from this place 3 times during our visit. Good eats, very reasonably priced and friendly staff. When I return to the area, I will definitely visit this place for breakfast. 
Had a shrimp po' boy and gumbo for lunch my last day. It was filling but nothing extraordinary.Had the most amazing thing happen.
Me and my wife had eaten breakfast at 
Hobnobbers in New Orleans near Bourbon Street and loved it. A couple of days later, we gathered up the family (all nine of us), and brought them to Hobnobbers on Sunday but to our horror, they were closed. A person cleaning the sidewalk saw us outside the restaurant and went through another entrance. He came back with one of the cooks. Even though they were closed, the cook offered to make breakfast for us out of the goodness of his heart. He treated us like we were his family. We appreciated the total southern hospitality. Thank you Hobnobbers for making our last day in New Orleans memorable.You get a ton of food.  The service is friendly.  And it may well be the best mac & cheese I've had in a restaurant.Good local hole in wall find in the French Quarter. We had the shrimp and grits and the cat fish and grits. Both were excellent. All the food was fresh and locally sourced. Definitely come here for low frills and no thrills, but good food. Prices are a high for local dive but the portions are good size. Must visit while in NOLA.This was 1 of 2 of our best meals while in town. It doesn't look like much on the outside but once you get your food you will not be disappointed. They have a daily limited menu to chose from so we got a couple different things to try and every single items was amazing. Had we done this on day 1 we probably wouldn't have eaten anywhere else.This hole in the wall that sure does please. So much yummmmm and the Bloody Mary did the job for sureI was looking for a place to eat that was NOT a tourist trap. Hobnobbers certainly fit that requirement. I unfortunately got there about 10 mins after closing (2pm on Saturday). But luckily customers were still eating and the kitchen was still open. BTW thanks Paul for staying open and the hospitality.  Hobnobbers is set down a long hallway from the street. The decor is all business with seating for about 20. I had a bowl of gumbo and a fried catfish sandwich.  The gumbo was homemade by  Paul, the owner/ chef, with large chucks of crab, crawfish, and sausage. The catfish sandwich was fresh and hot served on a good sized burger bun and fresh lettuce and tomato. The gumbo was delicious, if the kitchen had been open I would have gotten more!
If you want good food at a good price, without all the tourist trap crap, this is the place to go. The bar next door is also part of the operation, so my suggestion is to order the gumbo/po'boy combo then walk next door for a cold beer to wash it down.
Be sure to tell Paul you found it on yelp and his new friend from Houston says Hi.
PS. They have free WiFi.The very friendly owner caught us on the street, and we're glad he did...the food was just what we needed after 3 long days and nights in New Orleans. Poboy sandwiches were all delicious and stuffed full of excellent fried fish or shrimp. The gumbo was packed with seafood and sausages.Great food at a great price!! Hidden Gem! You have to go through the bar to get to back restaurant area or go through the side entrance so it was a bit confusing, but man am I glad we went! Hohnobber PO-Boy is amazing! Great service and friendly workers as well. Definitely a place to check out.Gumbo & Po-boy combo for $10, sign me up! But seriously the food was cheap and great. Probably the best bang for my buck we had in Nola. Don't be confused if the bar in front looks closed - you can walk down a little "hole-in-the-wall" corridor and in the back is the restaurant. Soul food mmmhmm!We came in here because we needed somewhere close to eat and not to expensive for lunch. So very glad we found this on yelp and read the reviews. The kitchen seems to be normally closed on Sunday but for some reason they were cooking anyway. From what I gathered they just opened up for a family of 6 that wanted to eat. We were lucky enough to come in after them. The cooks were super friendly and accommodating, especially for people that were not supposed to be working. They made us feel very welcome. We ordered the shrimp salad and roast beef sandwich.  Both wonderful, the downside was we were also looking for something light and smaller portions. You are not going to find that here. For all you people that are staying in hotels around here please check this place out for lunch or breakfast and give yourself a break from the high prices and craziness of the french quarter.It's ok. This place is a real dive.  Expect lots of food but not no focus on quality.  The shrimp and grits were instsnt lumpy grid and parts were raw. The shrimp is not deveined and wasn't appetizing.  Po Boy was ok but tartar sauce was not good. The front bar is disgusting. The people are very nice.Hands down the best. The resturant is small and behind a bar but the staff are the best. Cheap and the best cajon food I've found! Must try!Heard about this place from a person on a street who jumped in our convo. Wanted breakfast and it was like a home cooked meal. I had pancakes, bacon, and eggs. It was good. They have lunch too. They close at 2 so get there but they deliver too. I'm a visitorThis place was awesome! Smothered okra, sausage, shrimp and rice in a creole sauce was amazing! The staff was super friendly. It's a hole in the wall but don't let that fool you or stop you. Definitely recommend.Ok... Let me start by saying the food is delicious! I am eating it right now as I type this review. It was my first time ordering from here and  as far as the food, I'm happy. I got a shrimp po-boy and the gumbo for $12.25 and you can tell they made it with love. They weren't skimpy on the shrimp and the gumbo looks like something your mom would make. Amazing.
So why 3 stars? After spending 10 min on the phone with them giving directions and an address to my place of business, someone finally said they knew where I was. So the driver get's here and proceeds to yell at me about ordering one entree and that they don't deliver only one entree.... Mind you I asked if there was a minimum when I called before I even placed an order and was told there wasn't so why is the driver upset about this? And yelling at me at my place of business none the less!! He told me the cost was $12.25. I gave him a $20 and he asked me "How much do I owe you?" Ok even though I expect a delivery guy to be able to do simple math I proceeded to answer the question. "$7.75" And he still shorted me the $0.75. I ended up tipping him an extra $2 anyway just so he would hurry up and leave (Yes that would make it a 22% tip for driving only 1.7 miles to get to me) and no he didn't say thank you. Meanwhile he is still yelling at me saying I gave the wrong address because apparently they wrote Conti instead of Tonti even though I repeatedly said and spelled it out in phonetic alphabet (I'm a veteran). I even gave them directions and they still got it wrong. That didn't really upset me so much as the delivery guy yelling about delivery minimums and wrong addresses in my business lobby. Totally unprofessional. 
The food is great but I am not sure if I would order from here. Something about bad customer service that leaves a bad taste in your mouth even when the food is good.Walking in you say to yourself what the hell but it will quickly change you mind great food shrimp and grits off the chain and they give you plenty staff work there is real cool its a five star for sure.We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on Canal.  One of the bell boys told us about Hobnobber's.  Great place to eat' be it breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Wonderful people and food.  A real taste of the real New Orleans.I had the shrimp and grits. They tasted like summer love. I travel to NOLA at least twice a year and that dish is a staple in my trip.An amazing little hole in the wall well worth the stop! Food was amazing! Shrimp and cheesy grits, chicken sandwiches. Make it a stop on your trip!Food is great and reasonably priced. Bread pudding is amazing! I would recommend wiping the seats off before you sit as they use bleach to clean their tables and it could ruin your clothes.Can't wait to drive down from Houston to eat! This spot comes highly comes highly recommended by our friends! 
-The Washington'sshrimp & grits was the best!! fried chicken!! the pancakes!!! the toast!! everything was delicious!! best place by far in nola!!!! the cook is the sweetest!! & the best cook!!This is literally the BEST KEPT SECRET in New Orleans.  Thankfully we came across it early on in our vacation.  According to my husband the GRITS are by far the best he's ever tasted! I personally have NEVER liked Grits but he was carrying on so much I had to give them a try and WOW were they GOOD!!!!  My Son and his best friend loved everything they ate.
Long story short, this place was SO GOOD we returned EVERY DAY until the end of our Vacation.
Note: The atmosphere is very fun and interactive.  The staff is FANTASTIC, DONALD especially.  They greet everyone with a hearty smile and make you feel like you belong.  We had a blast and interacted with just about everyone in the restaurant on a daily basis...customers included.
I cannot say enough good things about this place!  IT'S JUST WONDERFUL! REALLY!Good spot for a quick bite. Service was friendly and very fast. Be advised that you will be eating in a dark room at the rear of a dark bar. There are pros and cons to this. 
The menu is fairly extensive. I stopped in for breakfast and had the shrimp and cheese grits. Both very good, though definitely not the best I have had. I hope to return for lunch in the future.One of the truly hidden gems of New Orleans. Its quite literally hidden. You walk in to an empty bar, ask the bartender for food, he points you towards the back and guess what there is full service restaurant hidden in the back of the bar. The food is coming out fresh and piping hot. I got the Shrimp Po'boy and Gumbo combo. The Po'boy is good, but the Gumbo - just the most spectacular, best, and heartiest Gumbo ever. Its reasonably priced and comes out fresh and hot. I would highly recommend it.We were looking for a quick breakfast and a mimosa before the Saints game and we were recommended Hobnobber's- breakfast was perfect, price was even better! Friendly staff- cool little place. We will be back!Best gumbo ever....great price.......if you are an atmosphere junkie, go spend double the amount somewhere else for 1/2 the value...do not miss this place!The breakfast was amazing.  Eggs light and fluffy, hash browns very flavorful, grits buttery.We had the fried catfish po-boy and the crab & corn bisque. The po-boy was just a fried catfish filet on French bread. And the crab & corn bisque had good flavor, but it was cold in spots. It was like they literally tossed frozen salad shrimp into a lukewarm soup. The price wasn't too expensive, but it certainly wasn't cheap. We walked away feeling largely unsatisfied.I found Hobnobber's by accident during Mardi Gras. Conveniently close to our hotel which was on Poydras; Hobnobber's was only a few blocks away. It's a teeny tiny place for the number of guests waiting but I will say the wait was totally worth it and pricing was reasonable too. I love grits so visiting from out of state gave me the opportunity to remix my breakfast and lunch at the same time. GRITS with everything: catfish, country potatoes, omelettes...say bye, bye to your waistline. Vacationing is the best time to let your hair down! Why not do it with down home food that tastes great?We were in New Orleans for only two days and I was super disappointed that this place was closed our second day! Yes, it definitely looks like a hole in the wall, but the food is fabulous and the back area where the restaurant was seemed clean enough to me! The kitchen staff was very friendly and helpful, except the one lady back there who I think was just focused in getting her stuff done - she was the only one not very customer-service oriented.
And, oh, the food! Okay, we only had shrimp po'boys and gumbo, but the French bread was delectable, the gumbo was fantastic, and it was a ton of food. When we first sat down with our food, I thought my husband and I could have shared a po'boy. Then I proceeded to clean my entire plate.
It was not as expensive as other places where we got similar food that wasn't as good (Daisy Dukes, I'm looking at you!).
To quote Rachel Ray, YUM-O.Ok so the place is not fancy looking however we came here for food and got good food and good service. I give the alligator omelette a 10 out of 10!!! The buttermilk biscuits will throw you down! So fluffy OH MY GOD! I will definitely be back and I'm sad to leaveI just read my original review and I must have been on Bourbon Street when I wrote it because it made no sense. So I will give this another try. We were walking out of our hotel which is right down the street planning on going to a different restaurant but there was a man sitting outside the door that started talking to us as we walk by. He was relentless on letting us know why we needed to come into his kitchen. I appreciated his passion and told my group that we were going. I had an alligator on lit with a side of grits and toast and it was awesome their pancakes look like something I've never seen I didn't try them but my wife and her friend we're saying they were top notch. But the prize was my friend had ordered shrimp and grits when he get up to get napkins we all still bites on his plate and concurred that they were off the hook. We went down the street grab some coffee from another location and decide to go back to the hotel and relax for a little bit since we were all in food coma. On the way back I stopped by and picked up some shrimp and grits to go. They were just as delightful later in the day. I recommend this restaurant to anyone.A plate full of shrimp and grits is what you get. Well seasoned and very flavorful. Cheapest and best breakfast a block off the French quarter.Avoid this place! Our $5 breakfasts (x2) some how turned into a $18 tab. Very unorganized... You order in one window than pickup & pay from another (different people you order from and who cashes you out). When I questioned the cost the guy said it was for an extra egg (which was not even asked for). 
Further.... 2 other gentlemen who came in behind us had the exact same problem and they were locals! Nothing like spending your breakfast researching the menu to try to add up what you were just overcharged... 
Food.... Nothing special. Thin bacon, typical eggs, biscuit was OK, and the hash browns were dripping grease. 
I'm sure there are plenty of breakfast options in the area. This one happened to be near our hotel. I'd select a different one or make damn sure about the price at the time of ordering!
This is the first time I've ever given 1 star.  I try to see the best in every spot.  Not even sure this place deserved any stars.We accidentally sat on the bar thinking it was the place to eat but thankfully the bartender directed us to the back. The gumbo was superb filled with crab and sausage. My husband enjoyed his oyster po'boy. I also ordered the crab cakes with potato salad which was also delicious. So sorry we were too full for dessert, we plan to come back for more.Came in here and I can say the people were so nice down to earth. Lets talk about the good wow so freaking good shrimps were seasoned so good and the grits just like I like them and the biscut wow soft and just melts in your mouth. Food was just right now I have to walk it off.All I will say is Pancakes  pancakes pancakes ... please get some I don't know what them ladies do in that kitchen but it's magic (lol) omg so delicious and the shrimp & grits words don't do justiceIf u r looking for the authentic whole in the wall, then u found it. The hash browns tasted great and we're a bit spicy.  Biscuits were very good. Seems like a lot of locals were there, and everyone was super friendly. And the price, well cheaper than anything else I have seen in the area. The portions were huge, so we ended up putin food in the boxes and gave to homeless people on the street. If we had microwave in the room, I would be considering taking home ;-).TAKE ALL MY MONEY!!!!!!!! I come to New Orleans every summer to eat here. Low prices and goooooodd ass food! Like angels are in the kitchen. It's a bit tricky to find but it's definitely a treasure of the NOLA!This is a good lunch spot overall. Daily lunch specials. I had the fish lunch and it was good but the potato salad was salty, but a good portion. The Mac and cheese looks a little questionable;I've never seen Mac and cheese that thick and with shredded cheese on top. 
If you are looking for ambiance this place is not it but its still got a good feel to it. 
Be careful about the drinks! I got a 4 oz cup with "unlimited" refills that was $3!!!
It's good but nothing memorable.This place actually has pretty good Bloody Mary's. Sadly, my friend and I missed the cut off for lunch but the drinks we ordered made up for it. Bartender was quick and could pour a really good drink. I would recommend coming here for a laid back atmosphere and strong drinks after a long day of work or even after walking around the quarter.The spot looks like it would not have anything good but looks are deceiving. The shrimp and grits were wonderful. The staff is super friendly. My hubby had the pancakes and hash browns. He is a pancake person. He said they were great. My friend had the catfish and said as it was good but could use more seasoning.This was my first time in New Orleans, and I wanted to try authentic dishes. . . . This place hit it right on the head!!! I had the crab and shrimp casserole and the gumbo. AMAZING!!! Thanks for making my NO visit a tastey oneOff the hectic Bourbon St. path. HUGE portions, very reasonable prices, tasty food, ma and pa downhome cooking!  And daily specials!Fast, generous portions, good grits and they aren't afraid to use the cheese and butter. From the street this place is easy to overlook.   If you are looking for a good breakfast that is reasonably priced you won't be disappointed.Always our first and last stop when we come to New Orleans. Alligator omelette and gumbo to die for. Managers and staff are the bestOnce you find this place you'll love it.  Just far enough off of Canal to have its own local vibe.  Amazing food and generous portions.  I like visiting when I'm in town, it feels like I'm dining at a long-lost aunt's house. 
(Frequent traveller from out of town)Yelp needs to add $$ to this one! 2 po boys and 2 drinks for lunch was $30 and the drinks were cokes!Drinks are awesome and reasonable. Didn't get to try the food because the kitchen wasn't open but still had awesome time and met some great folks.Good food....good price! Breakfast was perfect size. Eggs cooked to perfection! I recommend you try it unless you want a fancy place. This one is not! But that was one of the things we particularly liked about Hobnobbers!  :) just look for "Big Dog" out front. You will know him by his bark!!This place is a great hidden treasure!  We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn just around the corner from this place and heard a guy yelling "You know you're hungry, come on in!"  We took his advice and entered a mysterious dark hallway to the restaurant.  It's fairly small inside and the service is a bit slow but man is the food delicious.  I ordered the breakfast sandwich with a side of potatoes.  It was SO good!   Definitely not healthy but who worries about that while on vacation.  My only complaint was that I was overcharged.  Regardless, I'll be back the next time I'm in NOLA.Man this place was real af. I had a po boy, mac and cheese, and some gumbo all for like $13. Had me in fat boy heaven. #HotBoy$. Cheap drinks on the bar side too. One of the best meals I had the whole time I was in NOLA, and that's actually saying a lot. I would highly recommend myself to come back here again at some point. Just wish I ran into Juvie while I was here, but alas, it was not to be.Hours posted on Yelp are for the bar, not the restaurant. Went for breakfast on a Sunday morning and found out just the bar was open Sundays. Although I was hoping to get some food, I stuck around for a couple beers and ended up having a good time. They had some local craft beers on tap and in cans that I hadn't tried before, and conversation was pretty good with the bartender. Not many people around, though a half dozen people came in while I was there looking for food from the restaurant. It's a shame somebody couldn't open the restaurant Sundays, I guess the owner or chef works 6 days a week and it's closed so they can have a day off. Hard to blame them for that. Anyway, glad I stopped in, and will definitely have to stop in again when the restaurant portion is open as well.I cannot say enough good things about this place. We came into the restaurant after they closed for a fundraiser and they were so kind to reopen the kitchen to serve my friends and I. The best customer service I've ever experienced with the men running this place. 
We had the crab bisque, mac and cheese, po-boys, crab casserole and potato salad and we were highly impressed. Everything was so fresh and flavorful! 
This place is a must!Small place in the back of the bar with some interesting patrons.    Food was a great value.  I had the fried catfish for break and it didn't disappoint.  Crispy and juicy.  Staff was also very friendly.    They will also bring your order out into the bar.The best little "hole on the wall" place. Will def...stop by next time for some more fish and grits.Go there now. Had breakfast of shrimp and grits which was amazing, and gumbo.  Loved every bit of itWe found this place on a trip to New Orleans a few years ago. The food here is fantastic and the portions are big. It is very reasonable pricing especially for the amount you get. There's an older guy named "D" that helps clean tables and find you a seat. He is worth the visit alone. His Katrina story is fascinating. We have never had a bad experience here. We make it a priority to eat here every time we are in New Orleans. Usually more than once a trip. Their sign says "New Orleans best kept secret" and it's the truth. You will see a line a mile long outside of Mothers for more expensive food that doesn't taste nearly as good.  Eat here now!One fun spot. I felt at home! The gumbo...OHMYGOOOOODNESS!!! Full of flavor and goodness!!! The shrimp po-boy!!! Let's just say..."to go box"!!! Indeed delish!!! I even ordered 1/2 gallon of gumbo to go...with a side of potato salad.Had the shrimp po-boy and gumbo lunch. 
Bread was fresh but the shrimp were just OK. I would have preferred a coarser, crunchier batter with more seasoning like pepper etc.  Heck, sprinkle some Cajunland seasoning in the batter. 
The gumbo was just OK. It had sausage and shrimp but the roux was thin, runny and not overly rich like you'd expect. 
This place was recommended by some of the staff at The Hampton Inn. I asked for a local place (i.e. not Mothers!). I was a local many years ago and I don't think this a place I'd send people to as authentic.Okay.. Seriously?! why do these not exist EVERYWHERE?! when you are in the mood for some cookin' that so good you'll want to slap ya mama...this is where to go! The mac n' Cheese with chicken stir fry & shrimp and grits is a MUST. Just do it... and worry about calories later!it really is a hole in the wall as stated. best grilled shrimp i've eaten. while in nola you should eat as the locals doAmazing hole in the wall. Don't let the shabby hallway and interior deter you. Amazing food, big portion, good coffee. More of a locals spot than tourist. My kinda place and no big crowds. Love it!  Awesome breakfast.Hole in the way spot was a huge surprise! Everything we tried was amazing. Shrimp and grits extremely flavorful,  crabmeat and shrimp casserole delicious and gumbo was perfect blends of spices and meat.
Can't wait to try againThis 'hole in the wall' restaurant was so delicious. I had the catfish with grits and a biscuit and it was sooo fulfilling. I couldnt eat it all.I love this place. The food is great, when I can get up early enough to actually get it. Normally I go there at night. Booze is wonderful, there's usually good conversation and if there isn't then you can always watch whatever's on tv. I always have fun here and try to make it in as often as possible.  Paddy always takes great care me.I never liked grits until I had them here with cheese omlette.  Prices are reasonable and place is very casual.  Will def return.Hidden gem!  Easy to miss this place because it's tucked behind the Hobnobbers bar, but don't be shy; come on through to the back. Food is very good and unpretentious local favorites. The poboys have original lightly crisp French bread. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is New Orleans classic warehouse mix. Nothing pretentious here. You are here for the food and that's what's important! I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the neighborhood.The ppl are really nice and ppl seem to love the food I found it greasy ( eggs and grits) I didn't take my normal pic I was so hungry I just wanted to eat in which I took a couple bites and I'll take it back to my hotel where it was thrown away. A waste of money I didn't care for it at all is I ate fish it may have worked but since I eat no meat form it's not for me. not vegetarian friendlyThe best breakfast in New Orleans and the staff is just as amazing.  Don't be afraid by the hallway, or the obscurity of the location, they're right across the way from Subway. You won't leave dissatisfied.  They're open to 2pm, breakfast and lunch.
Ordered the Hashbrown and Pancake special, spent less than $20 even with tipping!
Each meal was delicious, I can't make a recommendation between the both.  If you're with someone else, order both and share.  They also offer all you can drink (coffee, soda, tee).  If you need any tips on sightseeing or local areas you should visit, the staff is very knowledgeable and more than willing to share!
How can you not love this place?This place is a bar and it has a separate area to get a counter service meal.  I can not speak to the bar but food is outstanding.  I had the shrimp and grits.   Everything looked good.  Affordable and friendly.  It only serves food until 2 PM.Solid ham & cheese omelet. Grits we're good too. They open early at 6am, which is a plus also. Very simple breakfast menu and the food is served on styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. The restaurant can't really be seen from the street easily...it's downs little hallway and through a door. Lunch menu looked much bigger/better with a number of local classics, but didn't have time this trip to grab lunch here.Omg! The bread pudding...the grits....everything was amazing and delicious! Everything for breakfast and lunch was worth trying. Don't miss out on this place!Hobnobber's has never let me down (food wise). But when it comes to customer service, they can really use some work. I order from Hobnobber's pretty frequently and I swear 90% of the time the lady taking my order is the absolute worst! I work in the French Quarter and I often recommend it to out of towners but I'm often scared to hear what they have to say about the customer service as well. I've had coworkers hung up on and cursed out by the same lady taking orders, she doesn't seem to care much and lacks enthusiasm. I try not to let her get in the way of me ordering but honestly my experiences keep getting worse each time I order. Worst part is the lady will never give her name. Bottom line is the food is great and you'll be fine if you don't mind horrible customer service. Do better Hobnobbers.Okay this place looks like a complete dive - but we were on a hunt for breakfast and this place did not disappoint.  This is nothing fancy, but so tasty.  Breakfast is served on paper plates - but with food this good - who cares!  Try the spicy sausage  - was my favorite - if you like a bit of a kick - get this for sure.  The staff working could not have been nicer.  Of course you have to get dessert with breakfast - LOL!!!  So we also got a piece of peach cobbler to share  - this was like I walked into my grandma's kitchen - yummy!!!!
If you are in New Orleans - just make the stop - nothing fancy but good food!Second meal in New Orleans, and all I can think is people should visit just for the food. I got the crab and corn bisque with the fried oyster po boy. The bisque was one of the tastiest things I have ever eaten. I want to eat it all the time. Po boy was solid. Perfect hangover food. Excellent hole in the wall with super fast and friendly service. If you are hungover or looking for an excellent cheap bite, stop in.Pork chop was undercooked. Ham hock from peas was on plate. Not appetizing at all. Couldn't eat it. And they were unwilling to comp the meal. The shrimp and grits were pretty good, though. Bartender was pleasant and music was not loud, which was refreshing in new Orleans.Stopped in because of Yelp reviews and the friendly kid out front who assured me it'd be fast. It was and it was delicious. 
I had the crab and corn bisque and shrimp po' boy. $13.
I will definitely go back.This review is for the Bar.
Been here a few times.  
They have a good / cheap happy hour specials.
The patrons and bartenders that I've met here have always been very friendly.
Another good dive bar in New Orleans.My favorite place for breakfast and lunch. If you like grits this is your place. Huge portions. You get 2 eggs, 6 bacon and a mound of grits for about $6. My husband loves the shrimp and fries. The gumbo is awesome. Everything is good here.I had been here a few years ago and took my wife this time to show her a real local place. I had the crab cakes with Mac and cheese. The crab sauce was spicy and a perfect compliment to the Mac and cheese. My wife had a Cajun breakfast of some sort and she really liked it. FYI the portions are big. I am a big bread pudding fan and had remembered it as very good so I had it again. Exactly the same. The staff was friendly and service very good.We had the Roast Beef Po Boy, Oyster Po Boy and the Crab Cakes meal.  All were delicious  and full of flavor.  The Roast Beef requires a pile of napkins it is so wonderfully juicy.  The staff was so friendly when we stopped in for a menu, that we were won over and knew we found our lunch place.  We will definitely be back.I was in New Orleans for a fantasy football draft, and this was hands-down our best meal of the weekend. This hole-in-the-wall restaurant (with an interesting but very well intentioned host) is the best bang you will get for your buck in the city. The food is INCREDIBLE and cheap. Don't come here looking for healthy options. We had lunch here and then came back for dinner the next day - that's how much we enjoyed it. Every one of the following is a must try:
Hobnobber's Breakfast Biscuit
Bread Pudding
Peach Cobbler
Fried Chicken
All Other Breakfast Foods
GO GO GO !!!The only soul food place that we could find in the quarter after we ate enough seafood for days! Situated in a back alley with very friendly welcoming down home staff. The prices are very inexpensive and the quantity is massive! The only thing is I couldn't eat past a couple of bites! We ordered several different plates to try out and was disappointed. Maybe it was just a bad day or wrong timing but I don't live in the city to try again!Great place to go for breakfast.  I was a little hesitant at first because you  cannot see the restaurant from the road and have to go through a hallway to get to the place.  Definitely seems like a popular spot amongst the locals.  I felt like I was in the know coming here.  The staff was friendly.  I got my food real quick.  I got the hash brown special.  The hash browns were excellent!  The meal left me rather full.  All I could expect for the ideal breakfast.The prices were great and so was the food. I enjoyed my lunch and my kids enjoyed their breakfast. I highly recommend this place. I'm going again for breakfast today!!!Paddy is the man. If your looking for a low key atmosphere this is the place. Perfect way to start the night before you head to bourbon. Where else can you get $2.00 long necks?
Paddy thanks for taking care of my friends that came in town this weekend, we had a great time.Totally your typical hole in the wall joint with amazing food. I got the Oyster Po'Boy and Seafood Gumbo. You can taste the homemade goodness with every bite and the staff is great.One of my favorite restaraunts in New Orleans. Authentic, hearty food in a quaint hole in the wall. The people who work here take pride in the restaraunt. Not hard to see why after eating here. I had the Crawfish Pasta, Crab Bisque and bread pudding. The food is generously portioned and suprisingly delicious.Nothing fancy, but the food was good.  Ordered one of their Thursday special: shrimp po-boy sandwich and gumbo for 11.50. The food came fast.Total hole in the wall.  True gem.  No frills.  Walk about to the counter and order. There are several tables but I chose to carry out. I had the catfish and grits with biscuit. The catfish was good flavor, however I should have asked for fried hard. The grits were decent.  The biscuit might have been the best biscuit I've ever had. It literally crumbled in my mouth with the butter. Great quick breakfast option.No formalities here, straight up awesome breakfast, inexpensive but truly a NOLA experience.  People are kind, treat you like family, went twice on a 4 day trip.This was the first meal we had when we touched down in NOLA and it definitely set the tone. We both ordered the soup and po-boy special, however, the portions were so big that we really could have shared. We ordered the shrimp and fish po-boys, with the gumbo and the crab bisque. We considered eating there every day. (You can skip the drinks though)Best hidden place!  Hot, fresh and great food. Service was excellent. Shrimp and cheese grits, a Louisiana boys dream come true!Great food in a great dive bar but kitchen closes at 2pm so get here early. Staff is friendly and welcoming.  Pool table and juke box to keep you entertained.Outstanding. Real food cooked with love! I ordered the shrimp and grits for breakfast and was served a heaping plate of perfect grits and deliciously spiced and beautifully cooked fresh shrimp. Great staff and sweet customers, too. If you come before the bar opens, be aware you have to enter the restaurant down the alley - it's not closed, even though it may look it from the street.
This place is the real deal - when you're tired of the artifice on Bourbon Street or the stuffy formality of many of the restaurants, restore yourself with something delightful and authentic.Went here on a Friday morning. Not too busy. I got the hash brown special. The service is quick. The food was good. The hash browns were like mashed potatoes. I had scrambled eggs, a biscuit and bacon on the side. Very inexpensive. I will return.Out of the way, hole in the wall restaurant that is truly magnificent! It's the "secret" BEST food place in NOLO! Kurt makes you feel like FAMILY, and the alagator po-boy and gumbo.....OMG! GOOOOOOOD!
My first time tasting alagator and gumbo, and I was impressed.Tucked away in the Central Business District and apparently a local joint serving great poboys. Found down a nondescript alley, it was a true hole in the wall. 
I ordered the roast beef poboy with full dressing. Beware when fully dressed, there is a structure integrity issue. Also had a side of crab bisque. More impressed with the bisque than the poboy, mostly likely because it actually had real crab chunks.Besides the great food (we had the avocado salad, crab and corn bisque, mixed seafood poboy, and gumbo), we were welcomed as if we were home. The people are so nice!!! They helped us choose from the menu. We got the pleasure to sit and talk with Donald who was born and raised in NOLA. He's such a great spirit. We did not want to leave we had such a great time. 
And the food... simple tasty food. The portions are huge so come prepared. Overall great local experience.This place was right next to my hotel, a little diamond in the rough.  Walked into the back restaurant area and the people working there were super friendly greeted me with smiling faces and conversation as soon as I walked in.  I asked them what they would recommend for breakfast and they said the shrimp and grit.  The plate was so full of food I wasn't really sure where it was all going but I knew I was going to try my absolute best to fit it all in my stomach and I was pretty successful with the task.  There were A LOT of shrimp on the plate with a side of cheese grits and a choice of toast or a biscuit.  All tasted great!!  I will definitely be going back here for breakfast it was like no other I've had.  So glad I stumbled upon this place!Food is amazing, although you would not expect it based on the facility! Quick and simple service....good Cajun breakfast....true southern comfort! From what I gathered you can have this food delivered but I don't think that would be the way to go! Just dine-in for the real experience!!!Hole in the wall place, that serves food on paper plates, not really eco friendly. A good thing about this place is that there is no wait and the food comes out fast. The food seemed to be already cooked and just warmed up to serve.On our last day in NO we wanted some authentic southern food and happened to find this place. I had the catfish and my friend had the shrimp po boy with mac and cheese. The food was great, and the staff was super friendly. GO NOWSo disappointed. After reading the reviews we were expecting pretty good food. Not at all what we got. The grits are bland, biscuits hard, hash browns greasy, the bacon was cooked hours ago. Paul was very friendly and helpful.  The ladies behind the counter were gruff and more interested in their phones. Might try it again for lunch just because of all the rave reviews.  Will definitely take a pass on breakfast.This place is AWESOME. We decided to check it out even though it seemed kind of sketchy. The staff is sooooo friendly and even gave us free dirty rice on the house. The gumbo is spicy and delicious and the po'boys are classic. It is a true experienceHobnobber's feeds your soul and your hunger, if you can't get a hug from your grandma order lunch from Hobnobber's it's the next best thing.
I can say I have tried almost everything on the menu and not once have I been disappointed. 
The food is always fresh, delivery in the CBD is fast, and your meal is always hot, and everyone who works there from the owners to the gentleman who delivers my lunch is as nice as can be. 
Food may not equal love but Hobnobber's comes close.Hash brown breakfast - quick and easy. Great price and fast. Only downside is the bacon could be better - maybe get the sausage instead. Cheap Quick and Good food.Hole in the wall personified. Wouldn't have it any other way.  Delicious shrimp and grits.2nd day to eat here. Excellent shrimp & grits (enough to feed 2 people) and the crab cakes are crabby delicious   Good for breakfast brunch lunch. Closes at2pmThis is a review of the bar.
This place was a real life saver during Endymion in that it was a good place to grab drinks and use the restroom. The bar itself is pretty much as divey as it gets, but the drinks are priced well and the bartenders were pretty friendly. If you're in the mood for food, there is a fully functioning diner in the back complete with all day breakfast and places to sit. I'm not going to lie- the food smelled and looked amazing and if I hadn't been at a parade I would have taken the time to sit down and have something to eat. I will definitely return and try the food.Amazing food experience!!!
Found on yelp while on vacation in NO
They were closing up, but we're so kind to feed the 4 famished ladies!!! While waiting for our meals, got a drink at the bar, a shot and a pint for 7.00
The crab shrimp cassarole was fantastic as well as the Mac n Cheese, potato salad. 
Friends had catfish po boys and said they were fantastic!!! The portions were huge not at all pricey.
The most lovely, kind and generous owners!
Will definitely go back on my next trip!!!Paddy, the bartender, was cool. He mixed me up a really good red snapper blend which I loved. The music was cool and it was a playlist from his ipod. There's one pool table there. (which was ran by me ^_^) Its a small, dark, hole in the wall, but it serves it's purpose as an after work drink while waiting on the streetcar ^_^This is my favorite spot to eat downtown. The breakfast is so delicious. I usually get the pancake special which comes with two eggs, pancakes and bacon. The pancakes are huge and fluffy. My husband gets the shrimp and grits. Their grits are soooo good. Very buttery. This place isn't the easiest to find and it's a "hole in the wall" but that's probably my favorite thing about it. The customer service us impeccable. It's like I'm talking to family whenever i come and the food comes out quickly. I make sure eat here every time I visit New Orleans.