Amazing !!! As a vegan this was the place to be. Crepes fresh and made right in front of you, with the perfect filling and tasted really good. 1 crepe was enough for lunch, and that speaks wonders of the size of each.
Taste, Location, size, and service all 5/5 !!!Business contacted us to let us know that the location they were at previously had given out wrong information to us as well as several others and indeed they are still in business.
I immediately updated my review, as I would not want anyone to assume they could no longer acquire anything from this business, but apparently it was not added or it was removed, because I received another request to update my review.
I have no further information on this company, and as such, will list as a three star which is right in the middle.
Go try it out and leave a review, as I would like to know what we missed out on!
Thanks!
NO LONGER IN BUSINESS!
Walked all the way over and it shows that they are open but closed two months ago for lack of a permit!Stumbled upon these gals and needed something filling and simple. As it turned out these ladies made a crepe that was far from simple, as it had so many flavors! Went back this am to try it again and BANG! Awesome!! Stop by and get yourself a yummy crepe!Amazing food! All the crepes looked so delicious and they are cooked fresh right in front of you. I got the Nutella and banana one and it was delicious. It's not a sit down place but they do have some tables nearby to eat at. Highly recommend this placeSo very good. I built my own with strawberries, brown sugar and Nutella. My husband got the beignet crepe. It was the perfect choice for our breakfast. Yum.Brilliant food! I love to see healthy options in touristy places and this cart is just that. The 2 girls who do it are just the part. The crepes are delicious with every detail covered. They fold it with layers of protection to avoid any spillovers , so not at all a clumsy experience! Well it's almost a wrap. It's tastes great , the pesto is yum! Will go back and try the savory. It's got a cartload of options for vegetarians and even a gluten free batter!GLUTEN FREE CREPES!! 
I was so excited to find a place that serves gluten free crepes, and they even prepare them separately from the regular crepes. I got the Amour crepe which had bananas, strawberries, and nutella and it was amazing! I highly reccomend anyone with a gluten allergy check this place out! (Or if you dont and you wabt some amazing crepes) The people were very nice and made sure everything was allergy friendly. Such a great treat in the middle of the French Market!Awesome gluten free Crêpes that did not disappoint!! Totally check them out if you're in the area.I asked the guy who worked there what is the best crepe for vegans.. This fool told me that he will not do so because I'm grown and can make my own decisions. I was more in shock than anything that this pierced Punk was saying that to me. I don't even eat crepes and just wanted the jackass's opinion. We got it anyway and trashed it without even trying it. What a waste of time and money. Won't even be giving these idiots the time of day anymore.I was happy to find both gluten free and vegan options. Any crepe can be made either gluten free, vegan or both. They have both sweet and savory crepes and my praline crepe was delicious.Oh. My. Gosh. This place is awesome! We stop by here every time we come to NOLA, and it never disappoints. They've got it all as far as crepes go; sweet dessert-type flavors and savory meal-type options. We always get "The Works" which has all the good stuff: bacon, cheese, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and pesto. And one of the best parts is the fact you can carry them around in the little crepe holders they give. Stop in, get a crepe, and shop through all the little vendors at the market. You'll thank me later...Everyone must get a crepe! They are amazing, filling and come in such a wide variety of options. You can get them as more of a sandwich with spinach and veggies or dessert with chocolate and peanut butter. They have a separate cooking station for the vegan crepes with so many options. I had the peanut butter and banana, it was amazing.We tried the Savory "The Lower Garden" [with Mozzarella, Tomato & Spinach] first and then the 
Sweet "The amour" [Banana, Strawberry & Nutella]. Liked the latter more!
Things I liked - Offers vegetarian, Gluten Free and Vegan crepes. There are quite a few options. Also,
they cook non veg and veg separately! 
Things I didn't like - Doesn't offer plates and cutlery!  Sitting in the open, especially when it rains is not a very enjoyable experience.We had the most delicious strawberry and Nutella crêpe for dessert. 
The cart was lovely and she made it right in front of us. Fresh strawberries instead of jam which was appreciated. 
Reasonably priced $6 for one. Served hot n' fresh. 
Life changing. Reminds me of the ones in Paris.We're local and were taking a stroll thru the Quarters and stopped here... We decided to split a crepe since we would be having dinner later and didn't want to eat anything heavy... Well I wish I would have ordered my own lol It was soooo good... We had the BLT crepe and I'll definitely be back!!!You have got to try one of their crepes, gluten free available even.  Be sure to add the pest if you get a spinach crepe.Stopping here is a must if you are in the French Market! I tried the bacon and Nutella crepe and it was so good! Very filling as well, I could have split it with someone, it was so big! The guy was very nice, there are plenty of options to choose from as well. The prices are a little expensive depending on what you get, but that's the Quarter for you. I really enjoyed my crepe and I look forward to testing out a few others next time we are in that area!Stopped by for a quick bite. One savory and one sweet. Both were delicious. The prep was quite fast and the folks friendly. Good value for a yummy snack!Love Love Love The Crepe Cart!!! What a wonderful place! We went to the brick and mortar one but they still had a cute little cart inside. The two guys working were very friendly and helped us choose just what to get. I had a gluten free crepe with lemon curd and strawberry filling and a latte. Everything was so delicious! I wish we had found this place sooner during our vacation because we would have gone back every day!What a crepe !!!!! Delicious so fresh and the ingredients you can taste that they made with care and love perfect for a meal or desert I made my own but their choices are very tempting I will go back to try those.One thing I told my boyfriend was we need to come down to the French market. We had no clue what to eat and when he saw this he said that's the one. I was the next kiosk down. And he was a little kid. It took about 20min to get it but he still says it's 5 stars. He ordered the beignet crepe and she poured butter after butter and that wasn't overpowering anything, it was so delicious. He said he would order more than one person was doing it.Probably the most affordable meal option in the market!! And worth every penny and then some!! I tried the Caprese and it was fabulous. 
Very quick, wait time was probably two minutes for a fresh crepe made right in front of me!! I will probably stop back before I leave town to try a sweet crepe!Amazingly delicious - from savory to sweet, from vegan and gluten free to not.  Quick, delicious and satisfying!Five stars for crepes you say? Yes sir! This lady knows what she's doing! Tucked half way down the French Market, in a area that's dominated by a food court area, there's a crepe cart that serves both sweet and savory crepes! I tried a sweet crepe that was banana based, and while it was good it just doesn't add up to the savory ones! My favorite by far was the "Works" that included broccoli, bacon, spinach, mozzarella, tomato, and who knows what else! It's fantastic to say the least, and in part to the fabulous tasting crepe that houses all those fresh ingredients! Three of my five days in New Orleans included stopping by to get one of these crepes if that tells you anything!This place is divine... From the bacon,  peanut butter,  and banana to the savory crepes,  there's nothing like it. Heaven in a crepe!!These things are delicious. Also portable which is very convenient when walking around the French Market. I highly recommend them.These ladies are absolutely amazing as well as their food. If debating between getting a crepe or getting something else, get one of their crepes. You can just tell they're made with experience and love. For a moment I forgot I was in New Orleans and thought u was in France.No doubt about it.... This is the best gluten free crepe I've ever had. They are knowledgeable about cross contamination and take pride in their product. So delicious!!!!! I highly recommend the works and the Elvis.Excellent vegan crepes!  I love the pesto one...fresh and savory!  Good for non-vegans too.  I always bring out-of-town guests to the Crepe Cart, and everyone loves it!Very delicious and they offer all of their crepes GF and most of them can be made vegan. I ordered the mozzarella, tomato, spinach, and houseware (vegan) pesto crepe. It was lovely. The crepe had a slight sweetness to it and the portion was consistent with the price. They over a good variety of sweet & savory crepes. Service was also quick!Awesome crepes! Great selection of both savory and sweet, and the cart is really unique. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is its listed as open at 9am, but it doesn't actually open until 9:30. Please update your listing so people don't get there and have to wait!My friend recommended grabbing crepes for breakfast, but with all of the other extensive options in the French Market I was a little skeptical. But as soon as I saw someone walk away with one of the huge crepes, I was hooked!
The menu had vegan and gluten free options and divided the menu based on sweet or savory options. I was in the mood for something savory so I ordered the Broccoli, Cheddar and Pecan Pesto crepe and added bacon for an extra $1 and it was dankkkk. Super cheesy and the bacon was a definitely the way to go. 
There's plenty of seating near the cart or if your prefer to walk around and explore the rest of the French Market the crepes are served in a handy cone.I'm now addicted to peanut butter, Nutella and banana crepes!  I love the tomato, basil, mozzarella ones too!   They really do a great job-everything is fresh and I have really enjoyed every crepe I've gotten there.  So tasty!
They are mobile these days- so not at the Royal Street address- but currently at Aline/Prytania Beer Garden on Tuesday nights and post their locations on their FB page, so it has been pretty easy to track them down and get my cravings met on a regular basis.Amazinnnnggg!! Don't miss this cart in the super fun French Market! Do not miss their delicious pesto! The crepes are yummy and supper filling for a quick lunch. Great job guys!!So amazing.
I love their coconut cream with caramel. Ugh!!!!! And add in some banana? Wow!!!!!!
Savory? Go for the tomatoe/spinach/cheese/pesto. Ugh! I'm drooling thinking of it. Will try to visit again.Dett var virkelig gode greier :) Forsøkte både saltmat og søtmat. Ferske ingredienser.This place is delicious!! I got the gluten free vegan crepe with bananas, chocolate and coconut creme. My husband got similar with pecans. They were amazing!Great spot. They give crepes in a good folded way so it doesn't make a mess. Delicious crepes. Right in the market.VEGAN CREPES! My dreams have come true. You have no idea how long I have yearned for a tasty crepe, and The Crepe Cart delivers! Their vegan crepe batter is so delicious and their options are abundant. I got tomato, basil, spinach and hummus and it was perfect. I can't recommend this cart more! Go find it now!First vegan crepe place I've seen, it was great! There are plenty of toppings to choose from and they have coffee available as well, one stop breakfast! If you're navigating there using a maps app, it's helpful to know that it's a cart in the French market.Cute little vendor cart in the French Market. Ordered the strawberry with nutella crepe for my little ones. They had no complaints at all. Practically devoured it until they were full. For $6, you get a delicious snack or small lunch depending on one's appetite. A true little gem.Amazing gluten-free crepes, they are to die for! I ate there twice on my trip to New Orleans. The staff is very knowledgeable about cross-contamination. This is a must do for anyone who is gluten-free!Came to the French Market in search of food, found a mouthfull of heaven with these crepes. Our small group split ul but 5 out of 6 of us ended up with crepes when we sat down at the table. I had the Elvis, and while he is still the King, those two ladies who made them are the Queens of Crepes in my book. My wife had the garden veggie, and the others had garden veggie, peanut butter and banana, and a strawberry banana. There was not a bite left, and we were all as full as an egg. Awesome food at a very reasonable price for the area.This is about as good as it gets without going to France !  After my trip to France 10 years ago, I've been trying to find a crepe that's as good as the street crepe I got in France. Most crepe places, the dough is either too doughy or too thin.  The crepe cart is pretty darn close to the original (as far as I can remember) :)  Wish I had a second stomach for another, but I don't.   Definitely recommend !Very nice stop in French market ! Extreme vegetarian friendly. They even had a vegan batter without egg, we requested that for our vegetarian crepes. It was packed well and easy to eat even on the go. Highly recommend!We were in NOLA for 5 days at the end of January. It rained the first two days and once the sun came out, we started walking. That's when we found The Crepe Cart in the French Market. I managed to try four crepes in three days (don't judge me). 
The Crepe Cart can make any of its amazing crepes gluten-free and vegan. The owner, Kaisha, was also careful to ask about any other allergies I might have, so I felt very comfortable eating there three days in a row. 
I had the Beignet, the Amour (Nutella, banana, and strawberry), and, on the last day, the Uptown (hummus, tomato, and spinach) and the Praline (brown sugar, pecans, caramel, and cinnamon). They were all delicious, but the Praline was the best.
Watch them make your crepe--Kaisha put little Nutella hearts on mine, even though she folded it over and I would never see them. The crepes come in a cardboard triangle/fan so you can walk around to eat them. Much less messy and no plate or fork needed. 
Anyone who is celiac or who has allergies should feel comfortable eating here as they have a dedicated crepe iron for the gluten-free/vegan crepes and are well aware that allergies are serious business. This place made my trip to NOLA the kind of eating experience everyone is raving about when they visit The Big Easy--total indulgence.This cart was located in the French Market.  It was a good selection that my friend and I decided to do for our brunch meal.  I got the caprese crepe which consist of tomatoes, basil spices, and mozzarella.  It was pretty good, but the only thing I regret was not getting the bacon added onto the crepe.  The crepe itself was very delish and I recommend it if you're a crepe lover.
I was actually pretty surprised at how filling it was and that it lasted until dinner time.  I will also admit that with this brunch "sitting" I did also get a gator stick to eat with this caprese crepe...so...you may also want to get this with a gator on a stick to try out.  Haha, anyways...this cart tends to get busy, but I have to say that it's honestly worth the wait.  The next time I get a chance to come here, I want to try out the dessert!Came here on a rainy day to try some crepes. I got the strawberry, banana, and Nutella crepe. It was good. My only suggestion is that i wish they cut the fruit more uniform. I got big chunks of strawberries and some small pieces. Also the cone that the crepe is put in makes it really hard to eat it. I would rather a plate because when bring into it, the top has nothing but then everything is stuffed towards the bottom which makes it messy.These crepes are delishhhh!! I love crepes and eat them everywhere I can but unfortunately they very often disappoint.  Well THE CREPE CART is here to please our crepe loving palates!!  I came back the next day for more and if I was in NOLA again I would definitely make a couple of crepe orders to start with .  I had the tomato/spinach/cheese/bacon and then the next day I had The Works! May mouth is watering as I type this... Ok go check it out for yourself, you will not regret it.  Also they take credit and cash tip them well people!!Great taste, filling and healthy options... I love the simple butter and sugar.., but the vegan options are fantastic...I'm vegan, so THANK YOU  I had the pesto crepe, and it was super delicious. I Googled vegan options in the area, and it brought me here. I am so glad, because this was a perfect meal. I love crepesLoved the crepes! Went with my vegetarian sister and she loved the vegan options. The crepes are filling and representative of what all crepes should taste like. Will definitely visit again next time I'm in New Orleans.It is indeed inexpensive because the crepes were big. My sister and my mom only got the sweet crepes, so that's all I tried. The dough was the real star here, because she simply knew exactly how to make them promptly and deliciously. The toppings were only alright as they were a little too sweet, but the others in my party seemed to like it, so it was a good experience.I came across this place on Yelp while researching Vegan options for my friends coming to visit from back home. The reviews and all the pictures looked great.
They have a large cart set up in the French Market. We stopped by for a late lunch. They offer sweet, savory and Vegan choices for crepes. I chose the Garden Veggie Crepe and my friends got the Caprese Crepe and the Vegan Hummus Crepe. All 3 were delicious. We were very pleased. They fill the crepes up with quite a bit.
My new favorite!!You can't go wrong with gluten free , vegan food. I recommend the caprese or The World. Cooked right in front of you with fresh ingredients and served hot. Great eats to walk around the market and quarters. They are typically in the French Market during their business hours.How can I forget to review this spot. The best crepe I had ever had. This cart gets so busy, so be prepared to wait. Worth the waitSuper cute spot that serves a wide variety (sweet, savory, GF) of great crepes.  I've stopped by a few times, and the quality of the food and service has never let me down.  The gal who owns the place has always been willing to talk and offer suggestions - and never without a smile.  C'est magnifique!So so good!! I got a strawberry nutella vegan/gluten free crepe today and it was delicious. The girl who made my crepe (not sure what her name was, but I visited around 2pm!) was so sweet and quick. Would definitely come back, thank you!This was so delicious! Everything on their menu can be made vegan and/or gluten free! I had 'The Uptown' here - veganized. I also came back for 'The Amour' (veganized too) and it was yummy! Highly recommended!Yummy! Not many vegetarian places, with vegan and gluten-free options, in the French Quarter. I love "The Lower Garden" crepe, light, as big as my face, and nicely wrapped so you can eat it on the go if you want.I grabbed a crepe on the way out of the market before heading back to Texas. Out of all the foods I ate over three days, that crepe was by far my favorite. The spinach with dill sauce and some bacon thrown in...heaven!Holy moly was this place good. It's a little hard to find tucked away in the French Quarter market, but totally worth it!Wonderful crepes. Great presentation. Yummy, light and filling!  My son who is a picky 7 year old ate all of his. She specialized it for him!!Was looking for a good alternative to Cafe du Monde in the French Market, and this cart kept popping up in my searches, so I gave it a try.  OMG...this crepe was SOOOOO good!  Not only good, but huge!  I couldn't finish it!  The hard part was deciding which one I wanted...they have a nice selection of options (meaty options as well as sweet/fruit options).  They even have vegetarian and gluten free options!  (The gluten free crepes are even cooked on a dedicated stovetop, so there is no cross contamination.)
I will DEFINITELY be back the next time I'm in NOLA!Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. This food is simple but exquisitely executed. The crepe itself is french quality and the fillings so fresh and delicious. My vegetarian gluten free sister was blown away and tasting her food, it was just as good as my standard crepe. The dill chive sauce is out of control as is the pesto. Great little spotI only have one word for them AMAZING!  I was in New Orleans with a friend who is Vegan and of course it is a little difficult to find Vegan options in a city that loves its seafood.  She looked up vegan options and The Crepe Cart came up.  I had already had my Shrimp Po Boy just minutes before so I was not intending to eat anything.  She had the pesto and the hummus which she enjoyed.  I succumbed to temptation and got the Turtle Crepe which has Nutella, chocolate, caramel, pecans.  When I ordered it I thought I might share it with my friend since I was still pretty full from lunch but one bite into this thing and that plan disappeared.  This was a little piece of heaven!  I know everyone goes on and on about beignets in New Orleans but I would say the turtle crepe is worth every calorie and a better experience.  The young ladies working there were extremely nice and helpful.I haven't had too many crepes before, but I really enjoyed this place. When I say place, Holy Crepes is really more like a push cart of food or like a taco stand. They make the crepes right in front of you with your choice of a sweet or savory crepe. Kate and I shared a broccoli and cheese crepe. Yummy! It was big, cheesy, and just perfect. It's a little pricey at $9, but we were able to share one. I need to try a sweet one next time!Amazing crepes, absolutely in love. They are practically everything friendly, my friend got a vegan crepe, and she loves it. These are honestly the best crepes I've had in my life, 10/10 recommend. The staff is so nice and pleasant, making good conversation. Really recommend!!!This place was amazing! I visited over the summer from Atlanta and I will definitely be back to the French Market for more! I ordered the strawberry and cream cheese crepe as a dessert but the options are endless. The batter for the crepe is handmade and you can tell, it's very crisp and fresh. There is even a vegan batter option, there is a crepe for every taste bud literally. The wait in the line and for my order was a little long but no complaints because it was well worth it.We went here so many times in a 3 day span that I became the duchess and I live in Houston. 
Order the Garden Veggie if you're a cheese eater or The Pesto if not. The dill and vegan pesto and crepe and fresh veggies. Jesus it is AMAZING. 
Then the sweet. The Biscoff. It's cheaper so you'll also feel like what the hell, I deserve it. And then you will eat it and literally be resurrected from your drunken Bourbon St death coma and feel like life once again has meaning and purpose. 
This is science I'm providing you with and straight up facts. Yw.Seriously the best crepe I've ever had. And it was gluten free and dairy free. I had the praline (ok, no one told them caramel isn't dairy free. Shhhh). And it was AMAZING. So often gluten free crepes are like cardboard with a terrible after taste. This was NOT that. I almost went back for another one.My husband and I had lunch here today, wow, we both think these are the best crepes we've ever had. I don't eat dairy or gluten so I had the gluten free/ vegan Pesto crepe - tomatoes, spinach, basil, broccoli, and lots of pesto - the crepe comes all folded over into a pizza-slice size and shape and it was amazing. My husband had a regular crepe, the Caprese with bacon, and he said it was fabulous. If we were here tomorrow, I'd go back and eat there again. This is in the French Market where there are lots of take-out stands and counters (like a food court) so different people in your party can always go get something to eat somewhere else if they want. There was a live band playing in the pavilion not too far away which made for a nice atmosphere. Thank you, Crepe Cart!!!Gf crepes? You can bet your butter I'll be searching the city for a crepe cart boasting fresh savory and dessert crepes that can be prepared both vegan and gf. 
We found this little place nestled in The French Market. If crepes aren't the only thing in the world you need, firstly maybe we need to revisit your priorities but then be assured that there is something for everyone in The French Market. It was great to explore it while we waited patiently for our delicious crepes to materialize.
There are several different crepes to choose from with a multitude of delicious combinations. We elected to devour the chicken, goat cheese, and pesto for savory and the banana, strawberry, Nutella for the sweetest of ends. The people taking our order were super friendly and very knowledgeable about gf and celiac. They use a completely separate station and utensils for gf crepes to help decrease cross contamination for those of us with a no choice membership to the ihategluten club. It was fantastic to know they take proper precautions for those of us with an allergy.
The crepes were warm, flaky, gooey. Bursting with cheesy pesto goodness and Nutella-y bannananess... I started to see that dangerous look in my husband's eyes that if I dared take the final bite of that pesto goat cheese wrapped in flaky heaven, I might be sealing my fate to his evolution into grumpy husband. Luckily we were able to work out a compromise, that's what marriage is all about right? Sharing crepes. 
Their prices are competitive, the portion sizes and quality of ingredients most excellent. If this place was in my neighborhood I'd just go down and buy pants three sizes larger than my current just in preparation.I randomly stumbled across this place while wandering around the French quarter on a Friday evening. The owners have just recently opened up and are super lovely, not to mention the crêpes are delicious. I had the crêpes suzette upon recommendation from the owners and it was delicious. Well cooked, not too sweet, it hit the spot well for what I wanted. The crêpes come in a cardboard triangle to take away, but there are some tables to sit down at to eat, if you so choose.The Crepe cart easily has the best food in the entire French Market! Anyone visiting NOLA owes it to themselves to stop here and enjoy a delicious crepeDelicious made-to-order crepes. I has the Orleans which was stuffed (but not too much) with fresh banana and strawberries, drizzled with coconut cream, and neatly packaged in a cardboard sheath which allowed for no spills, only the dusting of powdered sugar in the wind as you'd expect in the French Quarter. Definitely a place to stop for a quick treat.Gluten. Free. Crepes. It was delicious. Kind of messy though so grab extra napkins. I tried the peanut butter, Nutella, and banana one and it was great. I haven't had crepes since I went GF 9 years ago. So glad they a accommodate because GF is hard to find in the city of beignets. Haha. The girls were super nice too. Definitely worth a try!This cart is genius. Business was booming throughout the day! They made my Strawberry and Nutella crepe in 3 minutes and it.. was.. spectacular!
Conveniently it was wrapped in a way that it can be ate while walking around!
Also you can literally mix and match every sweet and savory ingredient you want!A quick and delicious option, especially for the vegan tourist! There's hefty menu that can cater to everyone's tasteLove that there's vegan options in Louisiana! I typically get sweet crepes but I wanted to try a savory one this time and got the hummus crepe. Really good flavor with the pesto- and it had like a full cup of hummus in it. A bit much, but I appreciated the generosity. Good batter and fair price for the fresh ingredients!The crapes were fresh and delicious. The staff was friendly and the kids loved watching them make the crapes. We will definitely be back again.Try the Fromage (cheddar and mozzarella) savory crepe with spinach! Absolutely phenomenal crepes with great service!This place simply was not very good. The vegan cheese was abysmally bad and the "savory" crepes were undersalted. This is probably because they do not use salt, apparently, as when we asked for salt, we were told that they did not have any. They also did not have any to go containers. The prices are a bit high for the quantity and quality of food offered. It wasn't awful, and the sweet crepes are actually fairly good, but overall the experience just wasn't up to expectations. I was quite disappointed due to the popularity of this place and its ratings previously.
If they want to improve, they should at least offer salt, cook the spinach (why is there a cooked food item with raw spinach in it? It throws off the whole flavor profile), and have a few basic service items.Amazinnnnggg!! Don't miss this cart in the super fun French Market! Do not miss their delicious pesto! The crepes are yummy and supper filling for a quick lunch.This little cart in the French Market is simply amazing.  The lady ribbing the cart provided great service. She was very knowledgeable about her products and offered a wide variety,  including numerous gluten-free options. When preparing my friend's gluten-free crepe, she was sure to avoid any cross contamination with good hand washing and use of separate cooking space and utensils. That was a courtesy that we really appreciated. The crepes themselves were quite large and made with fresh ingredients. Both sweet and savory were so delicious! We will definitely be returning.Amazing gluten-free crapes they are to die for! I ate there twice on my trip to New Orleans. The staff is very knowledgeable about cross-contamination. This is a must do for anyone who is gluten-free!The woman who started and operates the cart is so friendly and genuinely loves what she has created. Her food is SOOOO amazing and I can taste it now!! She worked fast to deliver many orders at once and I can't wait to come back!Yes, please! We were at the market with our house guest and really wanted a quick treat to fuel us up to walk back to the car. My daughter ordered a Nutella, Strawberry and coconut crepe from the crepe cart. First of all, the lady helping her was incredibly nice and interacted with my daughter who was shy about ordering on her own.. it is amazing how she made my daughter's day. The crepe itself was absolutely delicious. We probably should have bought two or three because it was gone in a flash. Overall, if you ever happen upon the Crepe Cart be sure to grab something!The most beautiful Crepe Cart serving some delicious Crepes and King Cake.  Enjoy great music playing on the street while you wait for the crepes or sit be enjoy then in cute French market.  Thumbs up to the Crepe Cart! The team here can whip up delicious super tasty crepes in no time.  I highly recommend this place and its super cute too!My husband I went to NOLA, from houston and if your craving for some crepe this cart is the place. They make them big and full of flavor. Its located inside the flea market, eat while u shop is the way to go! Definetely will go back on our next trip to NOLA!Outstanding crêpes. We only had the strawberry and Nutella crepe. The lady making the crêpes was very friendly and fast. I love how the strawberries were freshly cut in front of me. They were some of the sweetest strawberries I have had which made the crepe taste amazing. The crêpe dough was very uniform in thickness and tasted amazing.  
I highly recommend you try this place when in New Orleans.Repeat customer here. What better way to enjoy some fresh crepes than watch them being made in front of you! I enjoy they let you choose what you want inside. I had the ELVIS and added berry preserves! Highly recommend!Was so excited for this. Got the vegan butter & sugar and the whole thing tasted like shrimp. I took a few bites trying to just get over it but I had to throw it away. So gross. I'm sure that if they'd keep the vegan and non-vegan plates separate that they'd be delicious. Cute cart though... (Sunday, Feb 14th)
UPDATE: I returned to NOLA with friends March 24th and as my friend is vegan too, mentioned this place to her. Last time I had a sweet crepe that ended up with a shrimp like taste and this time I got a savory crepe that had a cinnamon taste to it. :-/ Now I don't think it's even a vegan issue, I feel like whatever order was on the hot plate before yours is what YOUR crepe will taste like (unless all the crepe batter has cinnamon in it?) ....the insides were tasty though. Pesto + cinnamon though LOL.Great spot for a healthy snack when rambling around the French Quarter.  Will go again.The crêpes were amazing. All of the ingredients were fresh- you could see them cutting the strawberries, bananas, etc right in front of you. Only a 15 minute wait to get a fresh hot crêpe. I got a Nutella and banana crêpe and it was great. You can wander around the rest of the French market while you eat or are waiting, or you can simply watch them make it. Don't get there too late because they might run out of batterVery fast and busy! This place is perfectly located in the middle of the French market. They have a great selection and are very friendly. The prices are very fair and food is always fresh. Next time I come to New Orleans I will be sure to visit this place!They have the most amazing crepes! It was stuffed with so many veggies and cheese that one crepe is enough for lunch. Highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans!DELICIOUS! Vegan friendly options, as well as meaty selections - something for everyone! Prices are super reasonable. "The pesto" vegan crepe, with tomato, spinach, broccoli and of course pesto. $9ish. Filling and nutritious.  My friend got the capresse, and loved it as well.The crepes were delicious! I love that they have a vegan menu with so many options. The girls make the crepes quickly and are perfect for walking around the historic market.GFers when in New Orleans DO NOT miss this‼ The staff are very knowledgeable about GF, clean area, separate crepe pan ~ ABSOLUTELY DELISH!!!An inexpensive and healthy meal, made fresh by a young entrepreneur, the crepe called, "the works" is awesome!  Filling and hearty and made in front of your eyes!  It was awesome!!!! And, she takes credit cards on the square!  Now that's keeping modern!!!!!  Yummy, yummy, yummy!
The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is because she used latex gloves and latex allergies can be problematic.I was looking for a gluten free dessert and found this fabulous gem! The service was friendly and genuine, and it was comforting to have my GF crepe made with utensils and cookware specifically for their gf orders.Props to the GF dedicated cooking surface, ingredients and even chef! 
Unfortunately our wait time was close to 45 min which made the expectations much higher for what we received. Although the GF crepe was good I feel like it wasn't worth what we ended up spending for two crepes. Hopes for this place to improve its timing!Best crepes I've ever had in my life. I tried many different ones during my stay in NOLA and my top 2 favs are the Hum-V a savory crepe that included hummus, tomatoes, spinach and a herb mix and for sweet I enjoyed their peanut butter and organic jelly crepe. Super delicious and hit the sweet spot so lovely.Yes!!!!! Stumbled upon this gem while at the market doing some shopping.
I don't think I could ever say no to a crepe... let alone a vegan crepe!!!!  She had savory and sweet crepes and I assume her menu changes daily. 
I ordered the Vegan Hummus.  It came with baby spinach, tomato slices, basil spice and garlic hummus.  Does she make her own hummus?  Because it's was bomb!!! Just the perfect amount of creamy with a hint of garlic!!!  Plus super fresh veggies!!! She folds it up into a little triangle and throws it in a paper cup so you can eat it like a burger. (When you get to the end, you can rip off the top of the paper so it's pretty mess free!) 
Man, one of the best crepes I've had outside of Paris.  I will definitely be back here on my next go in NOLA.  If you're taking a stroll down the French market, defintely save some room for a crepe!!!Amazing! We had four gluten free crepes. Two savory and two sweet with buckwheat. They also had vegan options. So delicious and they had a separate tools and ingredients for those crepes. Ms Vee was impressive and it was fun to watch her make them all. She is a machine pulling off everything by herself. My only complaint was it was hard to eat because it was a handheld item. I would highly recommend!This is one of my favorite places to go when I was recently down in New Orleans. Enough so that I got a road Crêpe on the way back home. 
They had both vegan and gluten free options which was *amazing* considering we had both dietary restrictions in our group. 
The vegan pesto was amaaaaazing. And the vegan Nutella w strawberry and bananas was more than I could have dreamed of.I think it really says something that it's been weeks since I've gone here and I still think about the crepe I got. I was in New Orleans for a day and wanted crepes for breakfast. Naturally, I pulled out Yelp and came across this bad boy. I guess you could say I heard about this place through the crepevine. 
Holy Crepes! is a stand, and it was quite crowded. I was going to have to wait longer than I would have liked, but given the high ratings and my craving for crepes, I stuck it out.
This was a long wait for a hungry child in unfamiliar territory with a great thirst for crepes, and at this point, just breakfast in general. There was a long queue of people in front of me, and so it took a while for me to get mine. This was well worth the wait. Weeks later, I still think about how well this satisfied my crepe needs. Perhaps it was the wait, the hunger of the moment, and the nice weather and jazz music from the street players, but I was more than satisfied.
I'm no crepe expert, and I don't want to crepe you out, but this may have been the best crepe I've ever had. Highly recommend.Wow, should have had these sooner when we came down for the long weekend to New Orleans!  We had to wait for her to open her cart in the morning as she had gotten a late start, but it was worth the wait.  The crepes were delicious.  Each of us got one, and the crepes are of a good size.  She has sweet choices and savory ones, and I doubt you can go wrong with either choice.  We had a number of breakfasts at various restaurants in the French Quarter, including beignets from both Cafe Du Monde and Cafe Beignet.  All were good, but I think that we enjoyed the crepes the most.  If you are coming over to the French Market anyway, you should stop by if you like crepes.Gluten free crepes are amazing!!!!  I am a full celiac, so travel is Tricky for me.  Finding a place that "gets" gluten free, was willing to answer all my questions, and remained friendly the entire time ... Well, that's a win in my book.  We ate there twice today, it was sooooo good.  I had the GF Fruit compote and coconut cream this morning, and a turkey and cheddar this afternoon.  Husband had nonGF praline in morning and mushroom, onion, and cheese this afternoon.  all were great.  I had him try a bite of my GF and he said they were pretty similar.We passed up beignets looking for a desert crepe and stopped here to get a chocolate and strawberry crepe. it was slightly over cooked and lacked yummy flavor. So, this was good but not great as a desert.We found this gem in the French Market this past Saturday and I couldn't be happier that we did! Had a tomato, basil, mozzarella crepe. It was a little pricey for a crepe (like $8.50-ish) but it was HUGE, and not like Donald Trump's hands huge. It was legit huge! The crepe batter, even for the savory crepe, was a little sweet but that didn't matter because this was a legendary crepe that will forever be enshrined in my mind's crepe hall of fame. Totally worth the money.First time having crepe and I wasn't disappointed. Service was quick and easy. There are nice selections for vegans which is of course pretty awesome. New Orleans does not really have a wide selection of foods for vegan, so this little cart was a welcome relief. Prices not too bad. The crepe was filling - I had two though. Would visit them again.It's not often one can find a vegan AND gluten free crepe let alone in New Orleans. Thank you Holy Crepes for existing!
I got a Nutella crepe and I am still thinking about it. The crepe was amazing!!! If you want a delicious crepe this is the spot!
Also there are sweet and savory options! Can't wait to go back!This place is awesome! The crepes are amazing! I'm so glad I found this place! Definitely come here if you want the best crepes in town.Super cute spot that serves a wide variety (sweet, savory, GF) of great crepes.  I've stopped by a few times, and the quality of the food and service has never let me down.  The gal who owns the place has always been willing to talk and offer suggestions - and never without a smile.  C'est magnifique!It took one crepe for me to fall into a deep abyss of gluttony. After 5 crepes in 3 days, I was clearly in a dark place, but luckily I found my way out.  
The Crepe Cart is literally situated in a cart, but that's where all the magic happens. If you want regular crepes or vegan crepes or even gluten free crepes, they've got you covered! The crepetiers (probably incorrect) are super nice and really down to earth. Everything is prepped right in front of you--seamlessly, quickly and with delightful efficacy. No worries for all of you obnoxious vegans, like myself, the vegan crepes are prepped on a separate stove. 
Although I tried, my conscious wouldn't let me have all of their vegan offerings, but I managed to have: The Pesto, The Hummus, The Fruit & Chocolate, The Banana Boat, and The Biscoff (cookie butter). Hands down, the Biscoff was my favorite. If you're into sweets, the Biscoff is top notch. If you prefer salty over sweet, the Pesto is really good too.
Pros:
+ Vegan crepes!!
+ Lots of vegan options (13 advertised. One contains honey, so 12 options if you're stringent).
+ Customize your own crepe! 
+ Good location.
+ Separate stove for vegan crepes.
+ Fast service.
+ Awesome staff. 
+ Money & plastic accepted (except once, they were only accepting cash) 
Cons: 
- No beverages.
- Quaint. Especially if a lot of people are there. 
Finding vegan crepes is one thing, but finding a place that makes super tasty ones is quite the anomaly. Their choices are vast and their service is great. Vegan/non-vegan, If you're into crepes or not, you will not be disappointed. The Crepe Cart wins!Amazing vegan crepes here! We had the pesto crepe and the hummus crepe. Both were delicious, but if I had to recommend just one, I'd say go for the pesto crepe. I'm so excited to find vegan options at the French market  We'll definitely be coming back for more!A very good option if you are wanting breakfast but have already done the beignets from cafe du monde. 
Located inside the French market is this quiet and easy to miss stand for crepes. It located across from the oyster stand. 
Its crepes. I thought they'd be more exotic and ooo la la, but they turned out to be crepes. For those wanting a light breakfast, this may be the perfect option. So out of the 4 crepes, the family thinks the strawberry+banana  or the bacon cheddar or the pecan caramel was good. My blueberry something was kinda meh. 
My main gripe is the value. Each crepe was about $8. OK for this touristy area, but kinda pricy for a skinny pancake with some filling.We visited this place for that first time and was in heaven. I tried two vegan crepes and both were outstanding. I like that the make the vegan crepes on a separate grill. The staff was also very friendly. Definitely would recommend this place.The cart is located in the Historic French Market area. Parking is madness if you want some place close by. Even the paid parking gets packed. The service was quick, but the lady at the counter was a bit withdrawn and disinterested. The crepe came out fresh and piping hot. I got the garden crepe which has spinach, tomato, pesto, and mozarella. Overall, the crepe was delicious, but it got salty towards the end of the crepe. I would like to come back to try a sweet crepe.This place is super cute. I got the elvis style crepe. it did not disappoint :). its in the open air market near all the action. grab something hear and a juice from nearby organic banana!We had a strawberry, banana, and cream crepe. It was great and really hit the spot after wandering around the flea market. I'd go back again.Cool little crepe spot with a lot of character. Excellent selection of crepes including gluten free and vegan. My broccoli and cheese crepe was really good . Made me wish I had tried a sweet one.Best vegan crepe I've ever had! If you ever make it to this market please do yourself a favor and order a vegan crêpe!!! The best ever: what an amazing place. The people who work here are super nice too! Thank youI am a New Orleans local by choice (meaning I moved here) and one thing I LOVE about this city is the food. I normally shy away from the French Quarter, but I was there and I was hungry. I stopped at The Crepe Cart and holy flerkin shynt, was that food delicious!!! As good as any of the traditional food in this town for a fraction of the cost, and so clean and healthy! And it comes in a little thing so you can walk with it and get drunk at the same time so you don't even have to kill your buzz. I'm mean, serious dopeness. SERIOUS DOPENESS.  Also, the girls working were adorable and kind. I may have fallin in love with the tall blonde... mmm... I don't go to the Quarter often, but when I do, I know where I'm eating. Go get a crepe now. Stop the inner monologue and fill your fun hole with awesomeness.The guy making the crapes today was a total jackass. Wow, u have a street food type cart and u cant communicate with your customers oh wellAmazing. The banana boat crepe was filled with coconut, walnuts, and awesomeness. Must have while in town.Im giving this place two stars because the crepe was actually great. The Big easy was a great choice. But, it took 40 minutes to dish out one crepe. It was a Tuesday during lunch time. I'm aware there was a long list of people waiting for there's but the management cut me out twice to cater to another group. You can see the waiting list of people and I just couldn't believe they did that. The response from the woman was really odd and unprofessional. I know she didn't really know what to say, it was just words coming out but didn't solve anything. DisappointedHoly Crepes=HolyCow! What an awesome find.  Whether gluten free or not,  the food was outstanding.
This is the first place I've been able to have gluten-free crepes. They are made separately from the other crepes which made me feel comfortable that there was no cross contamination. 
They also have a delicious alternative cheese option. It's made from cashew with a similar texture to hummus. 
We had the big easy and le amore. They were both large portions and so good we're going back for more today!Found this place at the end of a long week for struggling to find gluten free dairy free food in New Orleans...and what a treat. Many places claim to offer gluten free items but then cook them on the same surfaces as items with gluten--not this place! They have a separate heating surface for the gluten free batter. The fact that the gluten free batter is also dairy free is amazing--so rare to be able to have things like GF crepes ALSO be dairy free. I got the gluten free crepe with vegan chocolate hazelnut (i.e. vegan nutella), strawberries, and coconut cream. In future I would skip the coconut cream because even though it was delicious it melted into just liquid with the heat of the crepe.
There is a small extra charge for the GF crepes (+$1) which I usually find a little frustrating but given how good the crepes were and how nice it was to have safe food, I wasn't that bothered.
I highly recommend this place!I ordered the Elvis Crepe which was PB, bananas, nutella & bacon bits. It was so good. It wasn't one of the popular choices but it should be.Separate grills for GF & regular crepes. Also it is rare to find A place with gluten-free sweet crepes. Most places with GF options only offer buckwheat so these were super delicious!Pretty darn tasty crepes. The batter tasted like a thin French cookie I used to have when I was young. The crepe skin itself was very tasty and crispy. Enjoyed every bite. Keep it simple. Biscoff and strawberriesIt was 40ish degrees, rainy and windy on the 2nd day of my 1st trip to NOLA.  My son was occupied elsewhere. So we decided to wander, Up the street, around the corner, we ended up in the French Market.  My son's fiance happens to have gluten issues, and we couldn't believe it when we found this little booth who offered gluten free crepes. He hasnt had crepes in years. They were warm, and tasty and filling. Enough so, that we went back for seconds! Lol
Holy crepes is worth the wait.Holy Crepes has a stall in the French Market that makes regular and gluten free crepes with a nice selection of savory and sweet combinations, as well as a design your own crepe. Since I had already eaten some pralines the day before, I was looking for something I could eat while continuing to wander around the Quarter. I greatly appreciate that they take care to safely prepare the GF crepes and not have cross-contamination. This two person operation- one took the order and one makes the crepe. I ordered a Lisa Marie sweet crepes (peanut butter, Nutella, banana and added caramel. The crepes are then wrapped in a triangular paper container making it easy to walk for this take out joint. The crepes itself had a nice flavor and I can't complain about the innards since I picked them myself. As I walked it was a little messy but the crepes held up well to the last bite. Holy Crepes! with or without the exclamation point is worth a stop to partake in one of the French contributions to this great city.Nothing compared to Crepe A La Cart BUT THEY ARE BADASS FOR HAVING VEGAN OPTIONS!!! The crepe cart tops crepe a la cart because of the vegan options and they make it in front of you.
I enjoyed the vegan holly grove crepe.
The crepe itself is really sweet and smells so good.
The mushroom and onions made it really savory.Wowza what a great vegan crepe. Had hazelnut and chocolate vegan crepe and it was amazing. Friendly staff and prepared quickly, we ate it on the tables nearby in the French Market. Don't miss it.Very unimpressed. All three of our crepes were burnt on the bottom! My mother's crepe had strawberries in it and the green tops were still left on! For a cart specializing in crepes they sure weren't very good.I placed an order with the owner of the company. The order was placed and served at a farely reasonable time-frame. The crepe product was excellent. One of the best tasting crepes I've had in the United States. There is a large variety on the menu, which is nice and caters to a huge appetite. The history and skill craft that was placed in creating the cart would be one highly sought for. I highly recommend The Crepe CartExcellent! Split an S.B.T. crepe (Spinach, Bacon and Tomato) with pecan pesto with my partner. Was so good, we walked back and ordered another SBT!! So yummy!Holy Crepes was AMAZING!! We had the works for our savory crepe (all the savory fixins!) & the strawberry, banana and nutella! Both were delicious! Definitely some of the best crepes I've ever had. The owners are wonderful people and we're very grateful to have met them! It's clear that they care about quality and providing the best experience. We would absolutely go back and I recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans! YUM!!!!Fantastic crepes and a nice walk too!
The sweet crepes were terrific but the surprise was the delicious savory crepe.So, I read the Yelp reviews before heading to The Crepe Cart and knew I probably shouldn't ask for recommendations. I asked anyways and was told, "I don't like giving recommendations, because I don't know what you like." Ah, well. I ordered two random vegan crepes and loved them both. I believe one was sweet and tasted like elevated funnel cakes, while the other was savory and filled with mushrooms (yum!). Seriously, best food in NOLA. All that said, being a *smidge* friendlier and open to providing recommendations would have made the experience even better. Some people are open to anything and just want to hear what you, the server, recommend since you are most familiar with the food and what's popular.This place is a nice little periodic treat!! What you feeling !?? Something Savory ?? Something Sweet ??? We'll don't fret because they have both!!! 
I went all in recently and got "The Elvis" , let me just say this crepe is decadent. It has peanut butter, banana, bacon and Nutella. I hated every bite of it said no one ever. Helpful hint get some extra napkins and tear away at the perforations of the cardboard sleeve this little bite of heaven comes in. 
My wife had the tomato, spinach, cheese and pesto and didnt speak much while eating it other then a few "mmmmmm"s and " this is so good!!!" 
Give it a shot and see you won't regret it!!!Great stop for a fast vegan bite that will be both savery or sweet. Located in the French Market, mixed with fine music and people alike. Well organized and friendly staff will guide you to a delightful  treat. Average price $6-12. Gluten free available.Seriously amazing crepe at a great price! Although I just finished eating lunch a half hour before hitting up the French Market, The Crepe Cart caught my attention. You can watch them make the crepes and they seem to pay attention to details with these. I just got the nutella, but they also have a chocolate one for slightly more money. I believe the nutella crepe (a good portion) was $5. 
It was so good that I couldn't wait for my family to meet me up to share it with them. I ate it all and I'm not going to say sorry.I already have to give the place a good rating for offering gluten free. But on top of offering gluten free and vegan options, the crepes are amazing. So far I have tried the gluten free Suzette. I highly recommend you try one of the crepes during your visit to New Orleans. The location is also convenient for walking around the French Quarter.Love love loved this cart. Delicious gluten free crepes - we got their Thanksgiving special savory crepe - turkey with cornbread dressing and cranberry sauce, and absolutely loved it. We also got an Elvis sweet crepe - the melted chocolate and peanut butter...I can't even describe how delicious this thing was. We went on Thanksgiving, and the wait was a little long. Our total experience from ordering to getting our crepes was about 45 minutes. I think it would've been sooner, but the crepe orders were being made out of order. Someone who ordered after us got their crepes first, and then I noticed that the guy who ordered before us got his crepe after us.  Will definitely be back if I'm ever in the area again.I got strawberry banana with honey and cinnamon.  It wes pretty good. The staff was very nice and my food was cooked quick. I'm always a sucker for. A crepe.If you've had crepes in Paris it's hard to compete, but this is a fun snack and/or light lunch while out walking the city. Super excited to have a vegan version for the kid, including vegan chocolate! We tried the Beignet Crepe, the bacon and cheese crepe, and the vegan strawberry/banana/chocolate crepe. The beignet was my favorite, I would definitely come back again!Awesome staff, awesome flavors, and.. well, CREPES. You can't go wrong. 
Wife and I have different tastes. She prefers sweet and I prefer savory. Would you know it, Holy Crepes has a menu for both! Wife ordered the Priscilla, which was peanut butter and banana (I wish she ordered the one that had Nutella as well). I went savory with Bacon and Mozzarella cheese. For mine, I was able to choose between Mozza and cheddar. To be completely honest, as much as I enjoy savory and as much as I enjoyed my bacon and mozzarella, it was too much. I wish I had customized mine with sweet bases and added the bacon. There was so much gooey cheese (not complaining!) that it was a bit much for my tummy. It was like I ordered the fullest, tastiest cheese quesadilla.
Staff really was awesome. They're friendly, accommodating and are easy to make conversation with. It was also like a show watching them make the crepes. Each one I watched as I waited for mine made me salivate and wish I had ordered that one as well. Other crepe places - watch out, you're being owned and you don't even know it. But... now you do!The significant other was too excited for this place. The reviews are legit; this place has good wholesome food.
The crepe was huge and delicious. It was fresh and tasty. With only a few simple ingredients, you can get something savory or sweet. It only took a few minutes to make so you pretty much get it instantly if there is no line.
We chose the tomato, basil, and mozzarella one, and boy oh boy was the mozzarella overflowing. It was the like the best crepe I have ever had.
This particular location is at the French Market btw.The works crepe is probably the best crepe I've ever had! It's a bit pricey for a food stand, but well worth it. The crepe can get messy to eat... but that just makes it taste better!Absolutely the best!! Offers Gluten Free and Vegan options that are to die for. For the Gluten folks, go for the Big Easy savory option, you won't be disappointed!!Fantastic crepes!! Great coffee prep, friendly and sooththing (cool) atmosphere. Just be comfortable and enjoy super food and drinks... Next time trying a couple of the sweet crepes!!
Love this place! Glad came to Poland ave.This is a awesome food cart and it has lovely crepes that range from different flavor. I had the banana crepe and it was so GOOD. I love this place and I will come back soon!
- Foodie, Brandon DaleyYum. Just yum. So great to have gluten free options AND a dedicated gluten free griddle so it is prepared safely. 
Delicious food - worth the wait in line!Fantastic crepes and a great find a in a city that isn't very good at gluten free food. If you make your way to the French Market in New Orleans, and you're a gluten-free family like mine, you'll be happy campers. Not only are the sweet and savory crepes good but the detail given to the gluten-free food prep is spot on. We always watch how our food is made and they did everything you'd want them to do to make sure you're not getting any cross contamination. The crepe itself is fantastic! Crispy with a little softness and the flavor is awesome. Highly recommended.Delicious!! I had a gluten free crepe with Nutella, strawberries and powdered sugar. It was amazing and was better than the crepes i had while in france.Nice gluten free and vegan a bit overpriced but what to expect in the neighborhood. It was tastyAmazing vegan options so delicious I could sat it everyday!! Best breakfast or lunch or dinner place hahhaa it's absolutely delicious  Lucky you enjoy!We decided to stop by this place while walking through the French Quarter. We weren't sure where we would stop for lunch, or what we wanted to have either. The design and appeal of The Crepe Cart, is of course, hard to miss. 
What is really fascinating is that they make all of their ingredients from scratch (or so they tell us). That is not a far stretch in my opinion because the Crepes here were phenomenal. Sure they were not as good as the ones in Peru, but still great and better than anywhere else I have been in the USA.
If you are wondering what to try, I would recommend anything with Nutella. :)This place is SO GOOD! They have incredible sweet and savory crepe options. Not to mention they are extremely allergy friendly with gluten free/vegan batter and a separate stove top specifically for allergies! I eat gluten free and vegan and every crepe I've tried is phenomenal. My boyfriend ate the "normal" (not gf/vegan) crepes and loved them as well! The workers are also very friendly making it an overall great experience. Definitely check this place out!The gluten-free crepes have there own hot griddle and made away from the normal ones.  I've never had a crepe before and this was such a treat to experience.  They are located in the French Market which was a neat section of town to explore and visit.  Worth a trip for a reasonable priced snack or meal.A great place with a lot of options! Very vegan-friendly, and all of their ingredients are fresh. I would highly recommend!The crepes were a little piece of heaven! Yum yum yum yum!
They accommodate for any type of diet. They offer gluten free, vegan, or regular batter. 
The ingredients are very fresh and abundant. Something for everyone. 
The lady who makes the crepes is very sweet and admirable (for working in such heat!). What a hard worker!I was so excited to find something gluten free in New Orleans with its very own cooking space. Not a easy task. I had a spinach, tomato, bacon, mozzarella crepe with pesto sauce. Delicious. Came to $12 with a bottle of water. Allow some extra time if you need GF because the only have one machine. Worth the wait though.Yummy! So good!! Traveling with a GF gal is sometimes challenging, but these crepes were phenomenal!This place had good reviews on Yelp, looked adorable and had a good variety on the menu. But the staff was not friendly or welcoming. There was no dressings provided even not basic ones like ketchup and the flavors of both the regular as the vegan ones were plain. Wouldn't go again.Gluten Free crepe was Soooo good ! Will definitely visit this cart againSuper Good!!!! Best place for passing through!!
I had their Amor and the Elvis and both were very good!!Amazing vegan crêpes!! & The regular ones are great too. Really nice staff and great service. Awesome that they have super tasty vegan options.I've always wanted to love crepes but I never could. I feel unfulfilled when I eat crepes, mostly because I'm a fat kid at heart but also because I haven't actually eaten a lot of crepes. This place was perfect. We had a lighter breakfast a few hours earlier in the day and were looking for something to munch on to push us through into a late lunch or early dinner - this place was it. I managed to get the s'mores crepe which happened to be on special for the week. I'm always so disappointed in s'mores generally and this was perhaps no different as I wished I had gotten pecans instead of graham crackers in my crepe. The flavor was great. They were served fresh, piping hot. The s'mores contained marshmallows, Nutella, and graham crackers. It all basically melted together in a mess. My wife got the Orleans which was basically bananas, strawberries, and whipped cream. It looked light and refreshing (as she always says). The crepes were very good, very fresh, and very well made. I will not allow my poor choice in section of crepe move down my rating because the savory crepes looked and smelled amazing. The sweet crepes outside of the s'mores sounded fantastic and looked just as good. I'd recommend going and not getting s'mores, unless you live for s'mores. Perhaps get the pecans, unlike me.This place is wonderful for vegans! I got the vegan special which was broccoli cashew cheese and pesto. Their vegan crepe batter is actually good too and not healthy tasting buckwheat. Definitely recommendMy favorite place for a quick breakfast/lunch we never come to New Orleans without visiting Homy Crepes! We have tried just about everything on the menu and all have been delicious.Insane!! This place is awesome.  The gluten free crepe was the perfect replacement for someone who gets jealous watching people eating Beignet's up the road!  I got the Praline which has pecans, brown sugar and cinnamon.  Don't miss this place if you are gluten free!!Unbelievable crepes. Just, wow. And if you're Celiac, they make the gluten-free crepes on an entirely separate device that hasn't touched gluten.I got the le pesto veganized (because they not only let you but ENCOURAGE you to customize!!!). It was freaking amazing. I've never had a savory crepe before, now I'm craving it! I will probably head over to the French Market again today to get another one!Holy NoLa, there's a creperie with crepes that are simultaneously vegan and gluten free?  On top of that, they are delicious?  Speechless for a few minutes after receiving these beautiful crepes because i was devouring the amazing crepes, I knew I would be back again before too long.  Holy NoLa, if I moved to NoLa, I would arrange my schedule to make sure I could be here once a week.  I would never get enough of these amazing delights.
What are these crepes made of that they are so good?  Fresh ingredients.  Nothing is canned or fake.  Yes, they use some pre-made organic chocolate sauce (Santa Cruz) and some peanut butter like Jif, but, no matter.  Divinity doesn't discriminate when it's based on a blend of deliciousness.
So what do you order when you're here?  A crepe folded into sixths that is filled with your choice of either savory or sweet fillings.  It's incredible.  I have had vegan crepes before, and I was in love.  However, I have never had vegan gluten-free crepes.  I didn't even think they would be good.  WRONG.  Amazing.
I am glad there were only 3 savory options for vegan, gluten-free.  I tried 2 of the 3, and I liked them both, but the pesto vegan crepe is far more delicious than the salsa.  The fresh baby spinach and fresh broccoli, fresh tomatoes and homemade vegan pesto are incredible.  This is the best fusion fast food item, ever.  Essentially it's using a crepe as a beautiful edible package.  They gently place it in a paper cone in a paper holder, so you can eat it without a fork.  It gets messy, though.
From the sweet perspective, ohmigosh.  Every option makes my mouth drool.  Go classic with fruit and sugar, lemon and sugar or just plain (Earth Balance).  Add in some chocolate sauce.  Go for some coconut.  Consider some pecans.  How about peanut butter and banana?  If I lived in NoLa, I would fatten up from this cart alone.  
They cook the gluten-free, vegan crepes on different griddles.  If you are worried, just remind them.  You'll be fine.  It's fun to watch them make the crepes - making you drool with your eyes first.
On another note, recognize that this is happening in the French Market, in the open air.  The food is amazing, but those who are hypochondriacs and sanitary critics, well, you might not like the lack of hair nets or the open air.  Just saying, even though it doesn't bother me, and I didn't feel it was unsanitary.  Still, there was a medium-length blond hair in one of my crepes.  But... I did't care, it was just on top.  Just letting those concerned be informed before deciding to dine here.
When you order, you give them your name.  This is essential because there is a wait, sometimes, it seems, a very long wait.  10 minutes of watching other orders being made, that's long.  You can eat at the tables nearby, or walk with it.
Love this little cart.  Love it.  Did I say how amazing it is?  Next time I am in NoLa, I will be back... the real question is how many times will I go back, and how many crepes will I have?Nestled in the open-air French Market at the end of the Quarter, there lies one stand that is not a tourist trap, has something for every diet, and is genuinely good.
To get the local flavor, I ordered a praline, which came with sugar that had a delightfully granular yet slightly caramelized quality to it, as well as ample pecans and caramel sauce. Frankly, it looked better than the actual pralines. There's plenty of other options though, sweet and savory, and best of all, they'll make anything vegan and or gluten-free for the not insignificant number of people who want those things.
The only drawback, really, is the line.Wife has been gluten free since...feels like forever. Haven't had real pasta or bread in years. Or crepes. Until now. She's been to Paris long before she became allergic to gluten and she used to love getting fresh Nutella crepes. I took her to Holy Crepes! In the French market and she almost cried. God, the crepes are amazing. We got some dessert ones and some savory ones and they were so delicious. Light, fluffy, the tiniest little crunch on the outside....a total delicious mouth hug of a thing. Made walking through the delicate bouquets of smells of New Orleans streets worth it.This is in a cute open market area in the French Quarter! They also have gluten free crepes which is awesome, and they're pretty good (my boyfriend has celiac and didn't have any issues). I ordered the Nutella, strawberry and banana one two days in a row and loved it.This was my first crepe. I tried the garden veggie crepe.  It had spinach, tomato and mozzarella cheese, a pecan pesto sauce that was delicious and a dill and some kind of other thing sauce. It was define!!  Loved it!  I savored every bite. Hated when it was gone.Soooo bummed! I was sooo looking forward this having a crepe and we went 3 different days and they were closed?? In the French market. Unless they were somewhere else that we couldn't locate them. It was a bummer for gluten free person who was really looking forward to trying their crepes and had been waiting for months! I kept thinking maybe we were in wrong spot but I asked the locals and they said we were in the right spot!I have always wanted to try their gf crepes. When I saw they were doing a pop up in the Garden District just off Magazine St, I had to try one.  They were as delicious as I had imagined! I look forward to trying another gf crepe very soon. The owners said they sometimes do a pop up on Bayou Rd. It's been years since I had a crepe and it was worth the wait!Came here with some friends from out of town and really enjoyed it.  My friend eats gluten free, so we tried this spot.  My club sandwich crepe was surprisingly delicious.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much, or even expecting to finish the hand held crepe.  But it was really good and I ate the whole thing.  Highly recommended when visiting the French Market.Well, it's kind of them to offer vegan and gluten free options, though rather sad that the two only come combined. I've never been a fan of gluten free anything. That said, the taste and texture of their gluten free crepe really isn't too bad.
I ordered a banana & strawberry boat hybrid, and was charged extra for requesting both types of fruit. Why restaurants do this when they'll end up using the same amount of ingredients, regardless of what kind they are, has always been baffling to me.
The crepe I received was quite fat, bursting with fresh fruit, shredded coconut, and pecans. It was okay, though rather dry and bland; it would have benefited greatly from some sort of sauce. Oddly, it was described as containing coconut cream, but I couldn't detect any.
My friend got the lemon crepe and was disappointed at its skinniness in comparison to mine's plumpness. Neither of us were enthused.
Given the prices they charge, methinks some improvements ought to be made.Wholeheartedly recommend for vegans!  Phenomenal and delicious.  I had the strawberry, banana, and chocolate and it was rich and succulent.  Can't wait to go back and try it again!I stopped here two times during my stay in New Orleans. First time I got a dairy free and gluten free roast beef crepe. OMG it was delicious. 
The second time I got a dairy free gluten free peanut butter and banana crepe. My husband and I split this one. He said you could barely tell it was gluten free. Just the crepe is more thinner. Anyway super delicious.
Holy crepes is located in the French market. They have a dedicated grill that is for gluten free and vegan. I appreciate this because it's hard to find around the area.oh. my. god. these crepes were so good, i wish they had a stand where i live. plus the 2 guys working were so sweetThis was great! It's often hard to find a gluten free crepe place, so I was excited when I saw this, & they didn't disappoint. They even had a separate grill for the GF crepes.
I got a ham, cheddar & spinach crepe with pesto on it. Yum!
Will definitely come here again before I leave NOLA.I didn't expect to find vegan crepes in the French Market but Holy Crepes was there for me. I can't believe how many vegan options they had on offer! I had my choice of several savory or sweet types or to build my own. I asked the cashier which was the best and he recommended the pesto, which was slathered in delicious basil pesto and what appeared to be vegan ricotta cheese, and also had spinach and tomatoes. It was superb and filled the crepe-shaped hole in my heart. 
They also had fabulous cold brew iced coffee!OMG!! What can I saw? Sweet, savory and AMAZING! They have Gluten Free Crepes and stuff them with the most amazing items!! My favorite is the Lisa Marie! It has Peanut Butter, Bananas and Nutella! If you want to be different, have the Elvis and add Bacon! My wife prefers the Pesto!! Highly recommend you make it a stop in Nola!SO YUMMY! 
This place has Gluten Free crepes made on separate equipment. In Nola, Being gf I'm always sad when I can't enjoy beignets and while these are obviously a different food, it's nice to have such a great option! Check this place out and support a small business during CovidGreat for this GF girl! Highly recommend. Filling as well. We liked both the savory and sweet option.After cruising the city trying to find gluten free beignets with no luck, I was so happy to find gluten free crepes! There was a decent line at the crepe stand and I understand why...they were delicious! Holy Crepes has tons of options between sweet and savory. We ordered the strawberry banana with Nutella "Le Amore" crepe and it was so dang good. Highly recommend checking it out.The best crêpe I've ever had! I definitely recommend ordering the veggie grill crêpe (the most popular one)!! If you're hungry and looking for a snack while walking along the French Market, you should definitely check this place out!Got the prailene crepe, decent taste, long wait and the creeps was about half as filled as the others! It was a quick bite but I Would not return.Fantastic!!!  Two in my family have to eat gluten free which is what led us here--but we all LOVED it!!!  We will most definitely be going back!  The owners are fantastic and it was just a great experience all around!  We highly recommend!