I loved the atmosphere here. It was quiet, but not too quiet. The waiters and waitresses made casual conversation, but still checked to see that the customers were satisfied. It's a small place, but there seems to be plenty of room. Everyone that worked there was friendly and happy to help. The food was also delicious. I had the Crabby Wife, which I'd definitely recommend (with fried eggs) while my boyfriend had the chicken & waffles (get it with hot-sauce, syrup, and the sauce they provide you - it was fantastic!). Overall, it was great.Cute place, nice servers and good food but dish sizes are waaaaay too small. I left unsatisfied. I don't like it when restaurants are cheap with portions, especially neighborly ones!Cool, cute, friendly, but genuine.  Great atmosphere and service.  Helpful staff and a perfect location on the edge of things.  
And the food...  great.  My partner is an expatriate from NOLA, she and I are now living near San Francisco, and we came here *twice* for brunch over this past week.  (Granted, the second time was after the Ruby Slipper was too noisy ;).  I enjoyed the cornbread waffles, the Crabby Wife was complex and one of the most exciting brunch-y dishes I've had.  Yay for creativity and edge-pushing!The ambiance at brunch today was soothing and the spirits of the staff were uplifting. Great prices, abundance of great food, beautiful interior, and located in a great neighborhood.A great neighborhood restaurant with what has to be the best pancakes in town! Oh, and the bacon is awesome too!So we were strolling down Frenchman Street, which already is a more local hangout, and decided to just walk around the surrounding Marigny neighborhood (which was absolutely beautiful.) I am soooo glad that we did, because we happened across Horn's. The delicious smell coming out the door drew us in straight away. We were greeted by very friendly staff, and quickly seated on the patio overlooking the beautiful homes in the neighborhood. I was glad to see that their menu had a very nice selection of different foods. I ended up with the "Jewish coonass," which was absolutely AMAZING. The dish consisted of two potato latkes piled high with crawfish etoufee, each topped with a fried egg. I am craving it now!!!  My partner had the stuffed bell pepper and it was amazing as well. Very good prices, and also a good selection of craft cocktails as well. The next time we are in New Orleans (which I hope is soon) we will definitely be here again!!!Crazy good food. Not the fastest service but totally worth the wait. I had the savory spinach and mushroom bread pudding and it was ridiculously good. Probably the best coffee that I have had while in New Orleans. On top of that the prices are very inexpensive. A definite "must do" while in New Orleans.My daughter and I went for breakfast, everything was great, my daughter had the chicken and waffles, I has an omelet, besides the food being delicious this place has great coffee, I'm a coffee snob and I love the coffee, our waiter kept my cup full, by the way our service was fantastic. The waiter recommended the happy hour so we will certainly go back not only for breakfast but luch and eventaully happy hour. We used a groupon on this visit but will certainly make this place a regular, at least twicw a month.AaaaahhhhhMAZING!!!!! If you want the true flavor of New Orleans in a neighborhood diner full of ambiance... this is the place!!!
The sweet potato waffle is the best.... no wait, the pecan pancake - or maybe the banana pancake... and crab cakes... and chicken...  okay - it's ALL great!We had high hopes of this spot because of the photo I saw on Best Food New O Instagram page. Specifically, I came in for the Crawfish etouffee and grits(when I saw this photo, my mouth watered). I came in to try it but the grits were flavorless, even after adding cheese, salt and pepper. The etouffee itself was terrrrible; no flavor, no character, NOTHING. Worst dish I've EVER had in New O. 
When we asked how the grits were prepared, the server gave a spiel about grits being whatever you make them. Le No. That's why I'm here: for you to prepare them and wow me with culinary yumminess.
All in all, I will not return. There's so much potential with the dishes though, it made me sad.pretty great food. good environment. a lot of hipster foot traffic, which makes for great people watching.
i recommend the chicken and waffles.
the pulled pork on the couchon waffles are kinda bland and could stand a pinch of salt to match the savory and sweetness taste that comes with it, but still pretty goodDelicious food and excellent service. A must visit spot for brunch if you're in the area.Amazing brunch, and fabulous drinks! Staff is wonderful. We will be coming back every time we visit New Orleans. The Crabby Wife was the dish I got, and it was to die for!Our last day in NOLA we finally stumbled onto some actually pretty decent food. We only tried the pancakes and the pecan waffle, but they were tasty. The space is very pretty and the outdoor seating is nice. The service was a bit slow at first, but eventually picked up. My only complaint was that it cost $2.50 for a side of bacon, which was two tiny strips of bacon. Wish we had had more time to sample some other things here.Nice location with chairs and tables for outside dinning. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and while it may have been good, it was overwhelmed by the amount of Cajun mustard. Growing up in south florida I enjoy a good Cuban. This had the potential. I would definitely give horns a second try. The staff was friendly and welcoming.Horns gets one star for the waitress with the amber necklace... she was fabulous.  If not for her cheerful friendly demeanor and attention it would have been no stars.  Burned pancakes  that tasted sour.  The kitchen obviously didn't care about the product they sent out.Great place. Authentic feeling and delicious food. Short walk away from bourbon street which is nice to get away from the crowds and unpalatable smell. Great service. Highly recommended.Pretty much as others have described the place: quaint and has a neighborhood-ey feel.
Giving it three stars but it feels more like a meh (which yelp describes as the 2 star rating). while we got seated fairly quickly, the meal, by the time it came out, was cold.  Caveat it was fairly busy at the time, and the server was friendly and I'm assuming if we'd asked they would hopefully have had a microwave to heat it back up; but by the time the food arrived we really wanted to just eat and get going.
We got the chicken tenders on sweet potato waffle and the crawfish etouffee on grits. The etouffee especially would have probably tasted a lot better at least warm.
Felt for the level of service the prices were high, particularly the beverages.We were in NOLA for a week, staying close to Horns, which made it a perfect breakfast place for us.  The service was wonderful and the staff was very personable!  
On only our second visit, Pamela immediately brought the same drink order we had at our previous visit.  
Horns really has a home-town feel to it.
The menu is interesting. Maybe not a lot of choices for me, but I'm not from around here.  We just stuck to more basic items.
I recommend!I wish I could pack this place up and take it home with me. Great drinks, great food, and great staff. Atmosphere is kick-ass too! The food is basically modern interpretations of southern comfort food (and vegetarian friendly for my fellow veggies out there). Though it's a secret I kind of want to keep to myself, I can't give this place enough love.Our party of 6 came to brunch at Horn's and we were not disappointed 
 First off, my Mimosa was perfect with the right proportions and served in about an 8 Oz glass. Nice size that lasted through the meal. Rob had a waffle with pulled pork and declared it to be delicious.  Mike had the corn cake topped with crab and an egg i think and he loved his choice. Several of us chose the Crawfish etoufée (I had it on grits) and this was the only let-down. Not flavorful or spicy enough. BUT the biscuit that accompanied was delicious! Be sure to ask for biscuits!  Overall it was a lovely experience at a local neighborhood eatery.We were delighted to walk in and get seated right away. They have a very interesting cocktail menu and we enjoyed our drinks, which came very quickly. I had the Ice Queen, a little on the tart side but still refreshing in that NOLA humidity. We then waited over an hour for our food. I think they must have had some kitchen issues because we weren't the only table. We looked around an no one had food. Then all of a sudden several tables worth of food came out all at once. Alas, not ours. When it finally did come it was delicious. We split the meat pie and I wish we would have each gotten our own. The meat inside was seasoned nicely without too much heat. I had the grilled gulf fish with asparagus and potatoes. I'm not sure if this was a pro or a con because I do love butter but my whole plate was swimming in it. Needless to say I inhaled it. My husband had the BBQ Shrimp and grits and although not a fan of grits he enjoyed his as well. The grits to me had a weird flavor bit I'm a fan of bacon and butter in mine (see a trend in my eating habits?) so it may have been my own personal preferences getting in the way. If you are down in the area and want something not on the tourist beat it is worth a stop by at least for some drinks and apps!My boyfriend and I went here back in April for my birthday breakfast and we loved every little bit of it.  The building is quaint and cute, the service was great and even the patrons were laid back.  I got a mimosa and he got a tequila sunrise, both were well made, no 80% OJ 20% champagne stuff going on at Horn's.  For food, I got the Crabby Wife and he got the Jewish Coonass.  Both dishes were absolutely delicious and neither of us would have changed a thing, talk about filling and comforting. I'm not usually a biscuit fan, but event the biscuits at Horn's were good!  If we're in NOLA again, we'll definitely be back.Amazing food, great atmosphere. We sat at the bar due to a full house. The bartender, Mary was a bit uninviting. She told us we will be waiting a very long time if we ordered at the bar because the tables were first comers (which made absolutely no sense to us). Another couple sat on the side of us and they to received an uninviting welcome. We still ordered our food with Mary, where she again told us it was going to be a long time, but we did not change our minds. Our food came out at a reasonable time, leaving us a bit confused as to why she was lacking her customer service. We will be back for the food just not sit with the bartender. Dining out is all about the experience and we hope to have a better one next time.Literally the worst service. No one came to our table to take drink orders until like 11 minutes into our stay. They gave us brunch menus and then once we finally decided what we want, they told us brunch is no longer an option and we would have to wait 10 minutes for the dinner menu to go online. Then we waited another 5 minutes for coffee and 20 minutes for our food. then they added 20 percent to our 4 person table for tip though we were not planning on adding that much. AND THEN they sprayed the tables next to us with very strong chemicals. And THEN we waiting 10 more minutes for the check.Amazing bloody Mary! The entire menu looked delicious and I wish I could have tried it all! The atmosphere was spot on for a New Orleans breakfast, and the staff was friendly and inviting. Do yourself a flavor and check it out...you won't be disappointed!We've tried this place 3 times and each time it was just bad.  the food is burnt and overcooked. Service was okay.  this place is a huge NO for me.Uhmazing!! Use the Yelp deal and splurge! Heading back again today for dinner.  Yep, that's right, two days in a row! Oh that Italian Aperitif is so delicious.Great brunch ,love the new space,clean,and open,will be back for dinner sometime soon.We went here last night and i loved it!  The atmosphere was great and everyone was very welcoming. They have a list of fancy drinks that all sounded delicious,  but we opted for a couple of beers. The food was awesome!  I got the crawfish etoufee and my boyfriend got their chicken and waffles. We were both very satisfied with our meals and everything was fairly priced.  Will definitely come back again the next time we are in town.Any concerns we had about customer service from other reviewers were put to rest after we had St. Patrick's Day brunch at Horns this morning. The staff was incredibly friendly and very sweet towards our big German Shepherd, Jax. We felt he was constantly in their walk way, but they were more than accommodating to him and us. 
The service was excellent, friendly and festive on this drinking holiday. We enjoyed the Creole Slammer and Chicken Waffles, and wanted to try so much more on the menu. Will definitely visit again! Thank you folks!Worst brunch I have ever had!!! Waited one hour and ten minutes for our food. Our server said that they forgot to fix one of our orders so my food stayed in the window until they fixed the other plate. Everything on my plate was over cooked and cold. I showed her the pancake that was so hard you could here it crunch when I bit into it.She said she would comp my plate but when I got the bill it remained on it.Brisket and Grits! The Crabby Wife, Sweet Poato pancake! It's a must for everybody to eat here! Everything was INCREDIBLE!So glad we stumbled into this breakfast place that was a block from where we were staying.   Everything about it was great... location, ambiance, wait staff, and, oh..the food!  OK, so we had to wait a bit for a table, though it was worth it.  My friend was head-over-heals for the Savory bread pudding.  For me, it was the OMG worthy crawfish etouffee, served on top of grits.  Did I say OMG yet?   Really good coffee, and very friendly staff working there.  One warning, when they are busy as heck, service can be slow.  Go with patience, and all will be fine.The Cuban sandwich with the pulled pork / brisket was out of this world. So savory, juicy with perfect crunch in the bread. Definitely don't need the whole thing, would recommend splitting with a friend and getting fries or a side salad to share. But let's be real, the leftover version was just as divine. I think about this sandwich often... only deducting a star as I'm not super fond of the waitstaff here. I'm all for a good "hipster" waitstaff but not when you're going to act negligent to your patrons and mosey about while we only have an hour lunch break! It won't keep me from going back but definitely didn't appreciate that aspect!A complete wow.  My wife and I had lunch on a whim here recently with no expectations and walked away floored.  The casual and charming setting, the warm and friendly staff, and the simple yet full menu.
My better half went for the Tex Mex Slammer which ruled while I went Waffle Cochon and my eyes nearly rolled back into my head.  Every bite of my delectable dish crescendoed further into a successive 'shut ups' Elaine Benes style.
When I tell you this was the best dining experience I have had this year on par with a visit to Sylvain last year, take it to the bank.  Horn's has my heart and belly, and I cannot wait to return.This place is a little hit or miss.  There were three of us in our party, two really loved their food - however, my sandwich had obviously been under a heat lamp for a while.  The bread was dry and hard all of the way through. 
Pros:
Bloody Mary's -  spicy!!  So good!
Omelets were good 
Cons:
Incredibly slow service .. and when you got service.. it wasn't especially friendly
Inconsistent food quality, some good.. some not
Overall, OK here -  but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.Horn's is a Marigny neighborhood gem. Friendly, professional staff, a relaxed environment, and very good food. I like their brunch but really enjoy having dinner at Horn's. Their meatloaf is to die for and I love their chicken piccata with pasta Alfredo. I've been a dozen times and never had anything less than a very good experience.We sat outside, they are pet friendly. It was the best breakfast we had and I'm very much a breakfast person. The device was great and the food original.Ate the savory beignets (sweet potatoes and shrimp) with a nightly special of baked oysters with 4 cheeses with artichokes. It was Fabulous!!A very interesting replacement to the late night special LaPeniche. Horn's is a restaurant who's chef is one of my friends but on this occasion he was off and as I viewed the menu there were very few options. Saturday and Sunday are brunch days but I got there too late for that as they stop at 3pm. I did not want to order anything too outstanding since the head chef was not there so I got just a regular roast beef poboy featuring their house made beef daube. The sandwich was served on vietnamese style french bread and was very tasty but at $9 for just the sandwich and no side I thought that was a bit steep as the sandwich was not that big to stand alone. A great side would have been house made chips and then you could charge $10 with no problem. I assume that there are daily chef specials because the menu is a bit short and a tad over priced. Overall it seems that Horn's is one of these tweeners, white collar food in a blue collar style, but so far to be honest I long for the days of LaPaniche. I will be back for breakfast since that seems to be the most popular dishes served here or maybe a chef special or two.This place was great. It's hipster af and that can be annoying but I brought a couple friends and that made a big difference. The food and drink is sooo good. The cocktails are one of a kind and delicious. Spicy Louisiana spins on a few classic dishes. Brunch here is where it's at. So many places to eat in NEw Orleans that it's always a challenge to choose but you won't go wrong with a visit here.My wife and I stopped by here after passing it by from our Airbnb, and were thoroughly impressed. We had the Crabby Wife and the special of the day (oyster Benedict). It was delicious. The service from our waiter Addison was superb. He was very friendly, contagious laugh, and very attentive. It's not the cheapest place but we rank this as our top 3 spots since we've visited NOLA.Everyone I was with loved what we got. No problems with service or getting in. I had the crabby wife and loved itWell, I don't understand how we could order, the table next to us orders 3 minutes later, they get their food and are half done when we finally get ours (their order looked similar to ours, but there were 3 of them). Oh wait, we get ours, and it's cold! It was good, but would have been VERY good if it was at lead warm. I would have complained, but was with company and they weren't paying. I'd think twice about going there againhere's a hidden gem for you. super friendly, relaxed but excellent food (mostly). i have been for breakfast a few times, and throughly enjoyed it. went for lunch a few days ago, and while the Club sandwich was stellar, the BBQ shrimp po boy was really bland. both my friend and i were struck by how flavourless it was. added some siracha and it was fine, and really the rest of the place is so good, and they are soooo friendly, i'm totally willing to let this one slide and stick with the five stars.
dog friendly sidewalk seating too!Only the best southern comfort brunch food you can find. I'm so lucky to live just a few blocks away. The eggs dauphine is nothing short of amazing. Laid back service from locals who make you feel right at home. Plus they carry French Truck coffee. Definitely give this a place a try for brunch!This was a cute little place on the corner -- a no frills, affordable place to grab a bite to eat. They have a good selection of things for brunch and lunch. 
The BBQ shrimp po boy was huge and I loved the proportion of lettuce/tomato/pickles to the shrimp. However, the shrimp itself was a little too salty and I wanted a little spiciness on it. The potato chips and fries were great though! The fries were crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.Really good breakfast!!  Nice stroll off the beaten path to a neighborhood with beautiful architecture!  Large portions; great, friendly service!If you have a lot of time on your hands to wait for run of the mill food then this is the place.  Went there once and it took 30 minutes to get food but that was Saturday morning and the place was full so, ok, it's not Mickey D's amirite? But (sadly there is one) Monday morning with the place 1/2 full took almost an hour to get some really runny eggs, a cup of grits with a skin, and to be informed that the bagel with cream cheese we ordered was going to be plain because they were out of cream cheese. They comped the bagel.  Too many other really good places in the area to go back there.i went there recently on father's day. i had the Guatemala plate. right on the money. great food and service! i'll be back. and damn good coffee!I have walked by this place a bunch and thought it was super cute looking and had heard good things about it. So my boyfriend and I decided to go ahead and try it randomly. 
I got the Jewish Coonass which was AMAZING! So good. Unfortunately my boyfriend didn't luck out as well as I did. He ordered the Waffle Couchon. Not so good. The chimichurri sauce is not really a real chimichurri. And he was highly disappointed. However I loved what I got. 
The staff was friendly enough. And attentive as well. Very relaxed environment. 
I think I'll have to go there again with him and really try to figure out what are the good dishes they have.Food was decent - 
Bloody Mary - one of the worst bloodies I had during my time in NOLA. Might be me, but it was very horseradish-y and not at all spicy. tasted like cocktail sauce with vodka. I would pass on this if I were you
Eggs Dauphine - they overcooked the eggs (hard yolks) and the pork was really fatty - but it was still delicious. Would eat again.
Chicken and Waffles - sweet potato waffle tasted pretty bland/normal.  They didn't give us any syrup, maybe on purpose since it's served with a savory sauce but you can't eat this thing without it bc it's REAL dry.
Guatemalan - good. plantains are a nice touch but the rest is nothing to write home about: eggs, beans, tortilla. 
Service was okay - poor. Our waitress didn't stop by our table unless we intentionally flagged her down which we had to do to get silverware, coffee refills, syrup for pancakes, and hot sauce....so that was frustrating. 
Overall it might be a little overpriced for the quality of food and service. However still not a horrible option.Do not get the pancakes here!!! I ordered the Doc Horn which came with two eggs, pancakes, and sausage. Looking around at the other customers pancakes their food looked delicious so when I received my food I was very disappointed! My pancakes were not fluffy and or tasty at all. One of them was done to well border line burnt, I was very disappointed. I would still encourage someone who is interested in trying this location out to still go, my other friends loved what they got and were willing to go back so I think it is what I ordered.Back in NOLA for an event and wanted to try a different brunch spot and Horn's popped up. This place is amazeballs!! I ordered the Jewish Coonass with a mimosa and my boyfriend ordered French toast, cheese grits and plantains. The Jewish Coonass comes with a hash brown cake with carrots and hot sauce,I believe, spinach, topped with two over medium eggs (how I like my eggs) and crawfish étouffée. All these different flavors made me happy! The mimosa was $5 and it wasn't the skinny glass either, it was a nice size. They give you a lot of food and I was unable to finish mine, so my bf finished it for me. 
The service was great as well. Our waitress continued to fill our water glasses and answered any questions we had. We got there around 11:30 and there weren't many ppl there, but shortly afterwards, it started to get packed with customers.Fantastic brunch spot, friendly, fast service and delicious eggs Benedict! I tried another reviewer's recommendations of the Benedict plus spinach and avocado and it was a little too much lol, but heck I enjoyed every mouthful. Our drinks never got empty and the place has a pretty cute vibe. Would eat here again :)We ordered the eggs dauphine and oysters Benedict and grits etouffe. Wow. Everything was amazing. It's a great place for everyone to order something different and let everyone try. I drank a Blanche Devereaux, so if you're a golden girls fan, this is a must. Service was great, too.Well it's too bad because this place is off the beaten path in a neighborhood. However the service was awful and we waited an hour and fifteen minutes for our breakfast. Yes they were busy but that is unacceptable. To make matters worse my food came out cold and my wife got a substitution because they ran out of what she order. They didn't even ask if it was ok just brought the substitute. Very disappointing.May be my new favorite brunch place. I am a huge fan of Slim Goodies, which is I think owned by the same people. There are some of the same menu items, but what they've added is amazing.  I got the Guatemalan and of course it was delicious. My friend had the Waffle Cochon and it was delicious.  The waitstaff was more than friendly and service was quick. they split the check between three of us with no issues. But the part than won me over was the FULL BAR AND HANDCRAFTED COCKTAILS!!!!!!!!!  Yum.So many things to say about this place, particularly the OWNER. First off, they have no host so you have to put your name on a clipboard and sit there and watch it like a hawk. We went to Horn's for brunch right before we got on our plane to leave NOLA. We felt we had an amazing trip except for this place, here's why:
-This place is as small as a broom closet.
-Pretty sure our waitress was high as a kite. She tried to get us to leave by saying she had to go to another job. We weren't even close to being done.
-She didn't ask if we wanted our check split and when we asked her to split it she said she couldn't because it wasn't their policy. We asked another waitress and she said we could. When we confronted the waitress, she started to split it but then got the owner involved.
-The "nice" lady who said she was the owner came over to our table, informed us of the no split policy, told us "to get over it because she was the owner and that's just the way it is on Sundays". She then preceded to throw the book down on the table, say we needed to hurry up and leave because she needed the table.
Never have I had a manager/owner be so rude and tactless. She obviously cared little for our experience at her establishment. This "no split policy" was not listed on the menu, nor was the automatic gratuity policy. DON'T GO TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT IF YOU WANT TO BE TREATED WITH ANY DECENT HUMAN RESPECT. Personally, I think she thought because we looked like college students she could bully us, not know we were all graduate and law professionals. I would never spend money here again. The only good thing was a nice waitress who took care of us even though we were not her table and the food was pretty good.Charming little neighborhood spot you can sit out on the porch, interesting cocktails.A group of us are staying in NOLA for the weekend and stumbled upon this place for breakfast and loved it so much that we've been back two more times. The food is great and reasonably priced. The drinks were amazing and they have all day drink specials. I highly recommend stopping by this place. It is clearly full of locals and not touristy at all. The waiters are friendly and attentive. Great find!A stand-up breakfast finer.  Hearty, basic American breakfasts.  Owned by the same owners as Slim Goodies in uptown.  Horn's is within easy walking distance of the Frenchman Street music venues.  It is a neighborhood joint, with
A bistro atmosphere and excellent service.  Not a greasy-spoon, just good quality basic breakfast.  Opens early, compared to most French Quarter tourist area places.  Get some local culcha while you eat well.Had brunch here couple weeks ago.  I'm in town for few weeks so my friend who grew up in New Orleans brought me here. First the vibrational atmosphere felt upbeat and fun but not rush rush like some places and then you feel like eating fast and rushing out.   It was pleasant and kind.  I met the owner and head bartender.  They hold a presence that is palpable.  Folks here know them and It felt like they were the embodiment of Horns success and happy customers.  Authentic.  That's It!   They are so authentic and real.  It's more of what we all want to experience.   I had some kind of ginger-aide drink that was fresh pressed ginger.  If you like ginger this is a must try.  Very good.  I ordered eggs over easy with hash browns and rye toast.  Everything tasted fresh and eggs came out perfect.  This place isn't just about food.  If you are seeking a local food experience with local people who have experienced the rebirthing of this city go in and say hi.  Talk to them.  You won't be disappointed.This is my favorite neighborhood breafast hole.  My bacon is usually cooked to perfection.  You can get cold drip.  My daughter likes the pancakes.  It has a nice vibe.  No drama.  My go to breakfast is the guatamalan.  The jewish coonass is tasty.  Whatever you do, do not put the bbq sauce on the chicken and waffles.  Its grotesque.   Use the syrup.One of my favorite spots to eat in this city.  The food is on point all the time and everything on the menu is divine.  You can't go wrong!  Close your eyes and point- it will be delicious!  The drink menu is everything I could dream of and the cocktails intentionally pair well with the food menu.  I like sitting inside, but on a nice day you can people watch from the sidewalk tables or bring your dog.  Love love love Horn's.Have eaten at Horn's a couple times and the food has been fantastic, looking forward to another breakfast there before heading home.
Has a great local atmosphere and the staff is very friendly.
Bathroom is clean but small, yes that's important to some.
Give this place a try!Excellent corn waffle topped with pulled pork. Very friendly staff and located conveniently just off the major streets. Worth a visit if you want some place quiet and cozy.We went to Horn's twice on consecutive nights during our first NOLA visit in June. The first time we just wandered by en route to Frenchman Street and were coaxed in by the manager (owner?) and the second time we came on purpose. The folks are friendly, the ambiance is homey while also open and spacious and the food was delicious. In a town where every menu has much the same things, Horn's more limited but particularly well-crafted offerings were a welcome surprise. I HIGHLY recommend the chocolate pot of creme with olive oil and salt. It was unusual and sublime and I will never forget it.We fell in love with Horns - everything about it - the food, the atmosphere, the owners, the wait staff. 
Last weekend we were staying for a long weekend in a shotgun just 4 blocks away. After a long day of walking everywhere on Friday we wandered past Horns down to Frenchman but decided it was too crazy and came back to try Horns. Wow. We shared a salad, I had the shrimp and grits and my hubby had the trout almondine. SO SO good. Wine and Cocktails great too, and such a lovely server (Rochelle - who it turns out is from our neck of the words). 
Saturday Night we came back again with 4 other friends and a 1 year old, and sat outside. We could not have been made to feel more welcome. Our friends (NOLA and Baton Rouge based) were blown away - 3 of them are in the restaurant/bar industry. Rochelle served us again - woo hoo! 
Sunday Morning we ran into Kappa in Bicycle Named Desire while picking up our bikes - amazing lady! 
Then Monday morning we felt like we needed to make one more pilgrimage and came back for brekkie - Rochelle again, result! Great waffle, hash browns, and biscuits. 
This place makes us want to move to the Marigny. I don't think we've ever been to such a perfect neighborhood joint. Kudos to all involved. Miss you already!I cannot express what an incredible time we had here! The service was stellar, the food (brunch) was delicious-- it doesn't get any better!Horns is the classic New Orleans brunch with a killer bloody Maria and the best staff. Would highly recommend the chicken and waffles. Our waitress was a doll.Walked upon this restaurant while visiting Nola. Really good food selection. Excellent drinks. Love the chill vibe.Get a Bloody Mary, stay for the food. This was one of the best food spots we hit up on our trip to New Orleans. I'm glad we were tipped off to this place. Food was excellent and the brunch cocktails to die for. Not embarrassed to say we wanted to come back several more times.Had a great $3 French 75 (not too sweet, nice & tart) and fried shrimp poboy with homemade chips and it was all delicious. Great service and great atmosphere.I liked Horn's. I really just didn't think it was that bad! However, it wasn't outstanding, and I'm not dying to go back. 
I had the chicken plate (not sure what exactly it's called) which DELICIOUS zucchini side dishes. That was divine! The ladies that work here are nice. It's the kind of place you come to waste some time and have long, sprawling conversations. I wouldn't come here if you're trying to get in and out. The mac n cheese is so good. I ate all of my side :)
I haven't tried brunch yet, but I think I will sometime soon.This is my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans! Everything is delicious. The service is also very good.3.6 stars. Above average fare. Leans more on the pricey side. Great atmosphere. Made me wish I grew up in a place where I could just simply walk a block over and fall into some good food and drinks. As you walk out, you immediately become part of a jazz parade, no matter the time of day. Kidding.. Our service left a little to be desired, I don't think we gave off the over tipping tourist vibe enough (even though we fit very much into that mold.) All in all, would recommend this place. They seem to accept all walks of people with open arms. We had the chicken and waffles. Did not disappoint.Horn's is hands down my favorite place for a home cooked meal in New Orleans. Their food is delicious, especially the New Orleans fare. The restaurant is cozy and unique and the service is great! I will always jump at the chance to have a healthy brunch, good coffee and to see my favorite servers!Food was awesome but service was terrible. I ordered the dauphine and cheese grits to share. It took about 45 mins to get the food and was then told they were out of grits. When I cut into my eggs Benedict, it was runny. I specifically asked for hard poached. I then was asked it I wanted her to just take them off. By then the runny egg was on most of my food. She took it back and they then took another 30 mins to get it to me. There was a couple that came in after I sent my food back that got their food before my replacement. Never at any point was I updated on when my food would come out. My group finished eating way before I got my food. I then awkwardly sat eating my food alone. When the check was brought back there wasn't even a slight adjustment or the food removed. I would totally have paid full price if the service was good but it wasn't. When I said something to the waitress she took off 20% which was a  joke. We paid and left. I'd love to go back for the food but I may not.I guess the name refers to actual musical horns, but I always think of the Joe Hill book when I hear this Either way it's great food! Service is excellent and the food is well worth the wait. Friendly waitress who gave good advice as we tried to decide between temptations. My soon is gluten free and they have a GF waffle that will make you slug yourself in the face with a bag of silver dollars and wood screws. Pro tip: Don't go if you're in a rush as it can take a bit for the food to arrive but you won't be disappointed. Will return!Fabulous breakfast/brunch, a bit on the spendy side. I had the pecan waffle and really wanted whipped cream so our server brought out the whole can for me. Friend had the sweet potato waffle with fried chicken and sweet and sour sauce--that was bomb! Quick service and always had a full cup of coffee.This was such a good brunch - we will have to come back during our stay!  [Edited to add - we did go back!  On our last morning in New Orleans, we had brunch here on the way to the airport!]
Very good coffee, and decent Bloody Mary's. Ask for hot sauce for them, if you're looking for spice. 
I had the Chicken and Waffles (hand battered and fries chicken tenders on top of a sweet potato waffle, with house-made hot/sweet sauce and maple syrup) were so good!
The wife had an omelette with crawfish etouffe and a biscuit - good, large portion. 
Our friends had the Fried Oyster Benedict (with a very generous 7 or 8 oysters), and the Creole Cuban (with pulled pork and fried ham). She loved the Cuban (and may have used some adult-language descriptors - high praise). 
Even knowing there are lots of food options, even just in this Marigny neighborhood, we are strongly considering a return while we are here!We had The Eggs Dauphine and The Jewish Coonass. Both were awesome. 
Coffee is INCREDIBLE and we both really liked the decor/atmosphere. Highly recommend!
We also were in a time crunch to catch a Greyhound and the server was amazing taking care of us and getting us out the door at the same time.fun little lunch spot. food was well done and staff was busting butt to get people seated fast.We stumbled across this place and have been so pleased!   The Bloody Mary's are out of this world!  The breakfast is incredible. The chicken and waffles is so great...the bbq sauce is fantastic.   A fantastic neighborhood spot!Delicious food awesome service! Located alllll the way down bourbon street but worth the walk . Has a groupon too!Went to Horn's for lunch today & everything was fantastic! I had the catfish plate with sautéed spinach & mac'n'cheese. The fish had a perfectly crunchy, corn meal coating. The mac'n'cheese is tied for #1 in the city for me & even the spinach was tasty. David had the one-eyed burger & declared it to be in his top 10 list of burgers & Port'o'call & Company burger don't even make his top 10 list. I tasted his side of chili & it was very good. For desert we both had the fried strawberry hand pie with creole cream cheese ice cream & really liked it. The service was good. We will definitely be back!WHOA NOW, Horn's is ACTUALLY open from 7-10pm on Monday and Tuesday! They do NOT close at 3pm.
full disclosure: I am a waiter here.We had a great breakfast on a lazy Tuesday morning at Horn's.  We had the crawfish over stuffed Bon Ton Omelet and the black bean & salsa Havana Omelet.. Both were absolutely wonderful and a great deal only costing around $10 each.  I have been to the previous restaurant that was at this location and all I can say is Horn's has done a great job taking over this traditional location, then menu is 100% New Orleans and both locals or a visitors will enjoy this restaurant immensely!  
On an added note I like the handful of tables outside where locals can dine with their four legged family members!I love Horn's for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  We live in the neighborhood and it's a mainstay when we want to go somewhere casual, reasonably priced, and dependably good.  I always leave stuffed, but that is my own fault.  For breakfast, I like the Tex Mex slammer and the Grits & Étouffé.  For dinner, I often grab a burger or the black beans an rice (which are somehow much better than the ones I make). The owner, who is often on site, is ver friendly and helpful.Ate here today and  although food was good the service was horrible. It would be one thing if our server was busy with many tables but that was not the case. Waiting at least 20 minutes for someone to even come to our table.The Food:
French Toast and the Crabby Wife. Both were very good but I wouldn't say worth the 30 min wait. 
The Service/Ambiance
Our party of two got seated very quickly outside. Given the fact that we were seated quickly we thought we'd be in and out quickly. We didn't. 
The staff is an eclectic,  friendly, and relaxed group of people. And what I mean by relaxed is that it takes forever to get your food. This isn't an exaggeration either. Parties around us were not happy with such the long wait for their food, they even asked for something to snack on! 
I don't think I'd come here again, simply for how long it takes. Which is why I'm only giving it 3-Stars. If you're in the area, with a free schedule or where time isn't a factor, then this place might be for you.solid brunch and cocktails. some things feel overpriced but that's just the area. love all the drinks with ginger.The food is good; the service is friendly but extremely slow.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  Went for breakfast, had the Popeye eggs (eggs over hash browns with spinach and other vegetables, topped with melted provolone cheese) which was scrumptious, together with a side of pancakes.  My friends got the traditional eggs, sausage breakfast with sides of waffles.  The quantity of food was amazing.  However, what cost them stars was the following.  Only a couple of people were in the restaurant.   The waitress took our order, but it was almost 30 minutes to get our food.  We had eggs and waffles.  I don't get it.  After we got our food, it took a good ten minutes for the waitress to process our credit card.  It was clearly a problem with the software or insufficient training as it took her and two managers to get the charge through.  This really isn't her fault.  However, the problem should not continue.  The thing that impacted my experience the most was that apparently the owner (or manager) was having a problem with one of the staff.  She screamed obscenities at her telling her to "get the f*&! out" several times at the top of her lungs.   There is no reason for this type of behavior and clearly should not have been done in a manner where customers are exposed to it.  Tamp it down.  You have great bones to build a great business on, don't screw it up with slow service and unpleasant behavior.  I will update when I return to see if either issue is improved.Not a bad Sunday brunch spot. It gets busy and it's not a big place. Some outdoor seating. Service was decent just a little slow. Highly recommend the Waffle Cochon (waffle with pulled pork, pickled peppers and chimichurri). Also, the mix for the Bloody Mary's is on point.Food was delish, wait very long otherwise would've given it five stars. The waitress was nice. Came at 1104 and got meal by 1205. Not sure if this usual. Otherwise great vibe!The location of Horn's is a little out of the French Quarter, which is great to see more of NOLA and get a better feel for the area. The service was very nice and friendly. The food was by far the best part. The crawfish étouffée was amazing, but the pancakes were fantastic! Flavor, texture, and price to sub it for a biscuit was perfect. I will definitely go again.Stumbled upon this neighborhood spot thanks to Yelp, while we were visiting Nola.
We are big foodies and don't care for all the trendy hype, so Horn's was right on.
I ordered a $14 indulgent breakfast- basically latkes with eggs and creole toppings (something I would never normally eat- way too rich sounding)... however, it was DELISH and my stomach loved it (I was afraid it would be "too  much" for me to handle) but it eased my hangover very nicely, thank you! Everything was fresh, the atmosphere was low key and I LOVED The deal on YELP! They just opened 3 weeks ago so GO and support local business!!Everything is good... fried catfish was really good and the garlic Brussels sprouts are the best I've ever had 
A+ must go if you're in New OrleansI started with the shrimp boil, they were fairly large and a good portion for the money. I would have preferred if they were cleaned before serving them, though. I had the seafood platter, the most expensive menu item at $19.00. Truly terrible, all the fish was deep fried in what seemed to be old oil. The oysters tasted muddy and had the texture of paste. I also had a side of crawfish Etouffee. Absolutely wonderful! I would go back again, but only for the crawfish Etouffee.So yummy!!! We met locals and told us about this spot and went for our second breakfast of the day haha (we are big foodies). We wanted a carby breakfast so we ordered French toast , blueberry pancakes and banana pancakes - all so yummy!! GF available if you need it. 
Otherwise, place is super cute and has the nicest people. GO!  We are going back soon to try the rest of their menu :)The meatloaf is the best I have had in awhile! The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is chill. Horn's is great, cosy little restaurant right around corner from the busy Frenchman Street, and is the perfect break.So delightful! The food was fantastic and the place was cozy. Was in NOLA as a tourist and this place was great to go to for a taste of what locals are eating (aka it wasn't directly in the French quarter). Would highly recommend!Came here for a late lunch and got breakfast items which were all amazing. Crawfish étouffée is to die for. I got the chicken and waffles which were amazing and served with a sweet and spicy sauce over sweet potato waffles! My friends got the Jewish coonass which she said was amazing. The drinks were good as well I got a mimosa and my friend got the sweet potato beer both delicious. Our server was Georgia and she was very attentive and a great server! Love the atmosphere and the neighborhood. This is defiantly my new favorite spotAbsolutely a great brunch spot ! They are only open for breakfast and lunch And man am i glad i found them. The restaurant has a great feel to it. They have a great assortment of delicious options to try for brunch and a great drink list(see pics) My Husband picked the crabby wife, it has a crab cake topped with eggs (anyway you want them cooked) and then topped with crawfish etoufee! Needless to say he's so happy ! I got "the bomb" omelet and added plantains to it..We were so happy about this choice for brunch that we will definitely be back. Our waitress was so pleasant and prompt, checking on us often,such great service and amazing food!I came to NOLA on vacation and one of the girls in my group found Horn's online so we decided to go there and Im so glad we did.The brunch at Horn's is phenomenal! I ordered  a pecan waffle and the Creole Scramble which is eggs scrambled over hash and smothered with etoufee'. If I were to ever go on deathrow, I would request that my last meal would be from Horn's. Like seriously, life changing. The staff is so sweet and southern too. I loved this place so much that my friends and I came the next morning as well. Awesome place!!!!!I've eaten at Horn's several times over the past two years, almost exclusively for brunch, and they have never disappointed me. I cannot for the life of me figure out why they aren't super busy every weekend morning. Sometimes we can just go in and the place is practically empty.From late night burger to an amazing selection for breakfast. Today I enjoyed Eggs Dauphine for my Birthday Breakfast. So great..,Came here because it was close to our Air BNB. Did not disappoint. We ended up coming in all three of our mornings here. Very highly recommend the pecan and cornbread pancakes. Oh. My. God. So good. 
Also highly recommend the crabby wife. Also good.By far our favorite spot in Marigny to eat. Best food staff and prices. You'll definitely have leftovers!! Crawfish etouffee is to die for. Looking forward to the next time.I never tire of finding these darling little corner restaurants here in this town-worn, quirky, and comfortable. The food here is amazing, whether you just order basic breakfast stuff like eggs and hash browns, or go all Creole with étouffée and couchon. 
My heart bleeds for service workers during Mardi Gras. Our waitress apologized for the long wait for our food; the place was full and they'd had two of their three cooks call in that day. It took about 30 minutes to get our food out, but it was hot and fresh, and they sure didn't cut any corners. We left there stuffed, happy, and well primed for a day of parades.Great food and coffe, but service was poor. Waited over an hour to get food. Server was more attentive to other tables, never asked us if we wanted water refill or other drinks. Better communication would be helpful.I have no idea how this place gets 4 stars overpriced bad service sorry new Orleans has too many places to settle for this.If I had to choose one meal to eat for the rest of my life it would be The Crabby WifeGreat little neighborhood spot offering home cooked comfort food in the space formerly occupied by La Peniche.  Nice remodel with a cozy bar and open dining area where neighborhood residents can chat at each other from across the room.  The Horn gals have hospitality in their blood and are warm and inviting. Try the lemony Caesar with the marinated white anchovies.  Stuffed peppers are great as is the mac and cheese.  Yummy deserts!My partner and I have been before for brunch and loved it. I wanted to bring my mom while she's in town. I called to see about reservations and what the wait looked like. I wasn't expecting much as it's been a busy weekend already. Mary was so kind and offered to help us get in quicker. She was so warm on the phone and so damn helpful. Mom changed her mind so I called Mary back and she sounded genuinely disappointed. Don't worry, Mary! We already loved the food, now we love you too! Haha. We'll be back. The food is excellent. Chicken and waffles. Do it.Best brunch I have had in awhile.  Their eggs dauphine is unbelievable.  It is so good that you write songs about it while you take every bite.  Pulled pork on top of cornbread covered with eggs and hollandaise sauce.  It was a symphony of flavors, ultimate hang over cure.  I can't wait to go back.  This is my new # 1 spot in New Orleans.This was probably my favorite restaurant while I was visiting NOLA. So good I came back the next day for more of that crawfish etouffee. Must have the crabby wife or the creole slammer. The restaurant is super small so expect a wait but they move people quickly.Went for an early Saturday morning breakfast before hitting the town for the day. One of few local places up that we found up and moving shortly after 7:00 AM. 
The food was home style with a unique twist. 
The quaint little location gave us the "local" feel on our short trip into the city. Everything from the surroundings to the decor, to dishes, and the staff were unique and had that quaint hidden gem feel. 
The wait was a bit longer than some restaurants, but to be expected from a place of its size. The weather was cool and we sat comfortably sipping coffee and watching the carriages pass by from the stables down the street. We ordered a variety of food among the six of us at the table, and no one was disappointed. From the eggs to the pancakes to the hash browns and bread pudding, everything was to our liking. We will definitely visit again.Consistently good food. Great little neighborhood joint. Brunch had creative fun dishes, Crabby wife and oysters Benedict highly recommend!!Outstanding food and service.  I would recommend it to anyone.  We ate breakfast and supper there during our stay.Love it. It was not busy. The staff is very nice as well. Gives you an authentic Louisiana breakfast feel. Very close to Bourbon St. I got the chicken and sweet potato waffles and it was delicious. LGBT friendly was a plus.Great place for breakfast! It was off the beaten path and amazing. Next time we are in NOLA it will for sure me on our list. Great seating outdoors and in and the Bloody Mary was the perfect amount of southern spice.The service is a little slow (and sometimes terrible) but the food is worth it. I love this place!!My family was in New Orleans for a family reunion and this became our go to place several times for breakfast. The staff was great and the owner set us up with a family style breakfast since there were about 12 of us. Another time we all ordered off the brunch menu. I had the Oyster's Benedict and would have it again.  Wish I could go back to try more from the menu.If I were to walk up to you and say "I just had the most amazing Jewish Coonass," I would ordinarily expect you to (a) back away from me warily, (b) just go ahead and smack me in the face or (c) refer me to a kinky internet porn site.  But if you've ever been to Horn's, I'd expect that you'd just smile, nod and make one of those Homer Simpson-dreaming-of-donuts moans.
The aforementioned, uniquely-named brunch option (poached eggs on top of two potato latkes and fresh grilled spinach, topped with crawfish étouffée and a biscuit) is the among the most divine messes of food and flavors one can imagine.  The Bloody Marys were perfect and the coffee excellent.  I didn't hear a discouraging word from our party of 6 (or many words at all, once we started digging into the food).  The Waffle Cochon was another favorite among our group.  
Lovely, quaint, quirky, quintessentially New Orleans setting and vibe in the heart of my favorite NO neighborhood, the Marigny.  And they had a Yelp check-in deal to boot.  A fortifying brunch is particularly essential during a Big Easy jaunt, and this place delivers in spades.  Now get down there and enjoy yourself your own Jewish Coonass.A friend and I stopped in for lunch. He had the hamburger, and wasn't offered cheese or add ons (I don't know how he did it - a burger without bacon and cheese is pointless, imo, but hey, it's his sandwich), and I had the club sandwich, which had way too much mustard and used what looked and tasted like a store-bought deli ham (you know, the kind that's a little too moist). Overall, it was like getting a meal at a greasy spoon, but without the fun greasy spoon atmosphere that turns "meh" food into a good time. I can see that all of the reviews on here are about amazing breakfasts, so obviously that's the restaurant's strong point. Hopefully my friend and I will get the chance to go back and see if the buzz is worth it - I'd love to add more stars to my next review.Eggs Dauphine.....holy crap.  Don't leave New Orleans without having these for a big, preferably hungover, breakfast.if i lived in the neighborhood, this would totally be my local, go-to spot.  i went on a very busy morning/afternoon, and ms. horn is really something.  a wonderful, warm hostess with sass and a sense of humor.  despite the crush, i was served very quickly.  the bloody marys are tasty (although a bit on the weak side) and the guatamalan is everything i could want in a brunch dish.  love!Stopped in for a late brunch. Addison was a wonderfull server, he even brought out some bacon for our dog. I had the grits and etouffee. Really nice flavor and creamy grits. My wife had the chicken and waffles. She practically licked her plate clean. Quick, friendly service, delicious food, great cocktails. We'll be back!I had the crazy wifey and the sweet potato pecan waffle.   The waffle was delicious.  I usually put butter on my waffles but this waffle didn't need it.  The taste was like a hint of a sweet potato pie but not overwhelming.   The crazy wifey is a crab cake smothered with crawfish etouffee an a egg fried your way.  It also comes with a biscuit.  This was different but in a good way.  The crawfish crab mix can be to much seafood if you are not a person that really likes seafood.  I liked it but it was not something I would get again.  I think I like these dishes separately rather than together.  I found myself wish it was served with rice.  All were great.  The crab cake was perfect for me.  It was crab and seasoning with lite breading.  All and all I would say the waffle was my favorite. Try it it is worth the try.  I want to go back and try other dishes. My "other" Had the grits and etouffee and I got to taste it.  That was good as well.  Both dishes needed a little salt but both are worth trying.   The atmosphere was great!  It is a neighborhood restaurant with seating available outside.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  It is a place you just want to sit and take your time eating and drinking at.One of the best breakfasts to be found anywhere in New Orleans. Food is hearty and delicious. Service is as friendly as you can ask for. You may have to wait for a table but it is well worth the wait!Poor customer service/communication. Today was the first day of daylight savings and there were four people waiting outside in the rain. We were under the impression based on the time stated in the door and online that everyday the restaurant opens at 7am. However after waiting for 45 min seeing staff members inside no one came out to tell us  All ........ That they open up at 9am starting today. There were four people waiting outside in the rain and a sign just "magically" appeared on the door stating the time change. I'll give it one star for the pancakes and the renovations. My fiancé and I have been here before and met some great staff, but the customer service was piss poor this morning.Went out to dinner with friends and family and we decided to stop at this friendly neighborhood restaurant. We were a party of five. We were seated right away and our waitress was very friendly. The owner came over and introduced herself right before we were seated. I ordered the club sandwich with fries and everyone else had dishes that were equally as delicious as mine because no one left anything on their plates. We ordered the bread pudding for dessert and we shared it. Too rich for me, but, again, nothing was left on that plate. We had a great experience and I would go back if given the opportunity.Horn's was a lovely little place in the Marigny neighborhood that no one would ever know was actually there unless you were a local.  They serve "creole" breakfast, the crabcakes with eggs and etoufee as well as the hashbrowns with eggs and etoufee are FANTASTIC!  Again, I was amazed at the poached egg perfection.  All served up with a buttermilk biscuit (natch!)  - which are light and flakey while also being a bit dense - which I'm not sure how they did that, but it was YUMMY.  Their blood mary, a NOLA signature drink, was rather lame compared to other places, but they did make a nice cup of coffee.  The service was friendly and hip. I totally recommend this place - not a far walk if you're staying in the quarter and if you're staying in the nearby neighborhoods - eat here!New place with super friendly owner and great service. Really nice location on Frenchman street and close to the quarter. I had the chicken with waffle which was delicious. Will definitely come back here on my next trip to NOLA and would recommend Horns to anyone visiting. Also we had a large group (11) and they were more than happy to accommodate us.Emailed owner about reservations for 13 people. They emailed back & asked that I text to confirm. I did so the following day. Many days later after no response I emailed again to confirm we could make a reservation & owner responded 'sounds ok'. Terrible business. Wouldn't recommend for large group. Probably indicative of service.I love the family feel, casual decor, and creative menu at Horn's. Try the Crabby Wife at brunch or the Cochon Waffle. Location right off Frenchmen makes Horns perfect for a dinner before hitting the music clubs.Horn's! I've been twice - the second time was better than the first. I actually don't even remember the first because it was the first day we arrived in New Orleans after a two-day road trip but whatever I had wasn't that great. The second time we had some delicious fresh-squeezed juice that was so full of ginger... it was a ZINGER! I think it might have been called something including the word zinger. It was great and one of those things I'll keep thinking about for a while.I also had a Cuban type of breakfast dish with black beans and rice and avocado and poached eggs and fried plantains and warm corn tortillas... I ended up in a breakfast coma after that with no regrets at all. I loved every last finger-licking bite. I forget the name of it but it is a permanent part of the menu. I actually may have substituted the avocado in place of sausage? Now that I think about it more the breakfast potatoes were pretty tasty. Solid choice for breakfast, not so sure about anything else. Get the juice of the day, you won't be sorry.Loveddd this place. Went twice when i was in NOLA. Bloody marys were phenomenal.  
Had the "crabby wife" and it was amazing. Food and service was great. Highly recommend this for Brunch!Great place. Nice people, nice mugs, solid kitchen with options. I went there for breakfast and lunch. My lunch was a Cubano and was awesome. Crunchy bread and good taste. Overall it feels good there and is a great spot to relax and get something good to eat.Cornmeal waffle topped with pulled pork is super flavorful & delicious. Grits are nice and creamy, which I ordered as a side. Will go back and order the Guatemalan breakfast, maybe the carrot waffle... Everything on the
menu looked yummy! The waitstaff were laid back yet attentive, great service. Definitely going back before our week in NOLA has ended. Awesome!20 minutes of waiting, 10 minutes to orders from the server, 30 minutes to waiting for my food. And it's not really busy. Cause it's Sunday and no one seems like to be hurry, I guess.Wonderful! We called last minute because Port o Call couldn't accommodate our party of 15, and now I'm so glad! Horns said come on over- we'll serve up family style. It was amazing and the food just kept coming. Amazing staff and adorable restaurant- can't wait to go back!I live around the corner and really love this place. The food is always on point and the service is just as fantastic.Love this local breakfast joint. It's a gem and a true find in the Marigny/Frenchmen St area. The food is delicious, the service is awesome and the ambiance is great. Actually listening to Kenny Rogers in the restaurant. The price is very reasonable and not tourist gouging. 
Count me in as a local who will be coming here again!the vibe in this little neighborhood restaurant. The portions are large and the service was great.  I also bought a piece of pottery that the owner made.. a piece of NOLA to take home.OMG! This place is amazing! Hands down the best brunch place I have ever been to and I would even go as far as saying best food place I have ever been to in NOLA. My fiancé and I stumbled across this place as we were walking around the city for some food, we saw people sitting outside eating and we just decided we couldn't walk around anymore we were starving. Walked in and they seemed pretty busy, it had a very retro boho downtown New Orleans vibe to it. I loved it. I got the stuffed omelet, I bit into it and immediately it was heaven on earth. It was so good I had to force myself to stop eating even though I was so full I didn't want to stop. My fiancé and I talked about how good this place was all day. We officially declared this place "our spot" and plan on going back when he comes home from servicing in the military for our wedding weekend in December. I can't wait!  Anytime anyone ask where's the best place for brunch I tell them Horn's, and anytime anyone wants to debate that I'm guns loaded and ready lol.It's located at the corner of Touro Street and Dauphine Street. It's a very cute place. They have a good selection of items on the menu for breakfast. A bunch of items included crawfish étouffée in it. So we thought it was probably their specialty and we decided to try it... It was less than special. It was kind of bland. I wouldn't recommend it.Horns used to be one of our favorite places to have brunch. I have taken friends and family there for the past two years, but I won't be going back due to extremely poor customer service. The food is normally good, but the staff is unwelcoming and dismissive to patrons. Their staff is not a good example of New Orleans hospitality.
Today, we walked in and it was not very busy. Yet, people were waiting outside, so we put our name on the waitlist. We waited outside and watched two other groups walk in and just sit down. So we walked inside and asked a member of the staff if we could sit at one of the open tables, and she said "well we are now going off the waiting list." We go back outside. Waited outside for 10 more minutes and watched a new patron just walk in and sit down at one of the very tables we asked about. Granted, we are still the FIRST name on the wait list. 
We got tired of waiting and decided we would try to sit at the bar. Saw another open table, and asked another staff member if we could sit there. She said no and mumbled something as she was walking off. Frustrated and hungry, we just wanted to eat quickly and leave so we sat at the bar. Before we even got our food, a new group of people walk in and the bartender tells them to sit wherever they want..
People sit at the table we were told not to sit in. Waited for our food for about 30 min, meanwhile the restaurant didn't get very busy. The food was mediocre at best. 
This all could have been rectified if the staff members were more communicative or at all helpful and hospitable.always fun up in here.    I have eaten here many many times.   there is a huge menu of fun things for brunch.    my fave is a waffle that is spicy with shredded pork, and beyond.   hot rich and spicy
yes indeed.
the employees here also make this place extra special
cheers.
drink em up.Service was awesome, nice atmosphere, server Aimee was friendly and helpful, food was great, only complaint was some crabby woman sitting at end of bar complaining to her staff about the lousy restaurant reviews,Great lowkey type restaurant in the New new Orleans. Good price points and the vibe is really chill. We went for brunch but I would go back for lunch or dinner there. VERY Tasty and I enjoy the twist they put on things. Had the Chicken and Sweet Potato Waffles and it was awesome.Came in here and sat for about 8 minutes. Nobody ever greeted us or acknowledge our presence. The place wasn't even busy so I guess  they don't need our businessWonderful ambiance, good food & very attentive staff! The mushroom spinach bread pudding is a side but could be a meal in itself. Loved the oldies music playing.We were staying around the corner and ran into this gem of a place. We opted for take out and the food was simply delicious!! I had the eggs Benedict and my friends has the pancakes and french Toast. Will come back!Atmosphere is quaint, service is lukewarm, just like the food. 
I ordered the crawfish etouffee. I imagine it would have been delicious if it weren't cold. The biscuit tastes store bought, disgraceful in this city. 
Be prepared to be ignored. I saw some guy get seated, given a menu, and then wait 25 minutes to order. Unacceptable considering there were 5 servers for a max of 20 tables.Showed up serendipitously for Saturday brunch, got in right before it it started getting busy. The cornmeal waffle cochon was super tasty and the latkes with crawfish etoufee was delicious! Great neighborhood find away but still clise to French Quarter.A perfect place for scrumptious breakfast with great southern flavor profiles, incredible and innovative drinks with kind pours, and entertaining staff, especially Marc!
The sweet potato waffles are a must try, good for sharing too. And their mimosas have generous champagne and their bloody Marys have their own flavored that hit the spot. Parking can be a little tough at busy times, but it's worth the search because Horn's is a real find!Wonderful spot to grab drinks and a quiet dinner. The music is great and the atmosphere very cozy. My boyfriend and I split the summer shrimp salad and had the crawfish etouffé and the stuffed pepper. Both were delicious and prepared very well. Highly recommend this place!Great food. Great atmosphere. Great service. I tried the Waffle Cochon and it was to die for! Our server Darrell was also very kind! Will definitely be back.Amazing breakfast! Me and my boyfriend have been there 3/5 days of our trip here in NOLA for breakfast and we both tried something different every single time! Amazing foodNeighborhood hash house with VERY unique and Nawlins influenced menu.  Real people servers - smiles and super helpful.  Full bar for us hooch hounds.  And prices are very reasonable.  Eat here!Trout amandine was so good, it almost made us forget how much we miss Uglesich's. The breakfast is terrific also. Nice neighborhood vibe. Pleasant sidewalk seating under a corrugated tin portico on a quiet street corner in Marigny.This was our last meal in New Orleans, and the most ridiculous. 
It started with us arriving at the restaurant and putting our name on the list. The manager said she would be with us in "just a moment".  We watched as three tables left and the tables were cleared. No one was seated and the manager went missing. A waiter told us he would try to get us seated. 
We sat down outside at an empty table and watched rain start. One of our party got a drink at the bar and heard the manager yell "Everything is a f***ing nightmare!" in the kitchen. We considered leaving, but it was raining really hard. 
We went inside and the manager started asking who was first. She consulted her list, which still had the names of seated customers, and finally sat us. 
We had looked at the menu already, so ordered as soon as our waitress came by. She was sympathetic and funny, and eased our concerns. 
Around then, the road outside began to flood. The manager ran through the restaurant and yelled about people needing to move their cars. It was crass but necessary, as the roads were flooding quickly. 
Our food arrived and was fine. It was eggs, pancakes and the like. Nothing special. 
If you don't mind waiting for no reason and enjoy watching restaurant managers go insane, stop by! And hope that you get the funny waitress... She makes it all worthwhile.Delicious!! I had the eggs Benedict, the hollandaise was spot on and the coffee was excellent. Will definitely return!our first time here. Took advantage of a groupon service was horrible.  An hour before our food came out. Wont return and and never refer friendsExcellent food, drinks, and conversation.
I recommend sitting at the bar near the waitstaff ordering station. We sat there on both of our visits and had a fun time conversing with the waitstaff and the bartendersThe owner of the B&B we stayed in recommended this place. We went for cocktails (the BEST) and stayed for dinner. Fresh juices and purees are made daily for the cocktails. From the time we walked in, we felt wecomed. Mary and Kappa greeted us warmly and we felt at home. The restaurant is cozy, funky and sophisticated, all at once. We loved the homage to their family with vintage photos on the walls. 
When we learned they served a great brunch, we returned the next day and weren't disappointed. We visit New Orleans frequently, and this will now be a regular stop. So glad we found it.We came for dinner on a chilly Sunday evening.  It's a warm and welcoming neighborhood restaurant that you feel good about when you walk through the door.
The dinner menu has a good selection of NOLA standbys and they are delivered without pretension.  Full bar; good selection of wine and beer.
We had the sweet potato and shrimp beignets as a start - spicy and very good.  I had the BBQ shrimp over grits, which was prepared very well.  My friend had the fried seafood platter -oysters, catfish, shrimp - with a side of brussel sprouts.  He declared it excellent.
The service was excellent.  A fine choice, just off Frenchmen Street - away from the madness, but not too far!Perfect breakfast spot! The Best food and good prices. We are going ones more before we head home :-)This place was awesome.  We wandered in for brunch with six people and tried 5 different dishes that were all great. Chicken and waffles, Jewish coonass, Guatemala, loved them allWoke up hungover as hell and knew I needed a bad ass Bloody Mary and something tasty to save me. 
We had two amazing bloody Mary's and as a former bartender I am super picky. I couldn't find a single thing that was wrong with these. They were fantastic. 
I ordered the eggs Dauphine and it was delish! I wish I would have split my husbands meal though because we had SO MUCH FOOD. They are hefty portions so if you can I would suggest splitting something. 
My husband got the waffle Cochin and holy crap batman it was amazing! It was the perfect blend of spicy and sweet that melts into your mouth! I highly recommend this one!I don't know if they know how to use salt, BUT the service was good. 
The fish dish was fishy, but the service was good. 
I don't understand how someone came to this restaurant and left a review saying the food was good!! Smh
The black beans were nasty. It was worse than you getting a can of black beans from trader's joes and eating straight out of the can. 
They only gave two small tortillas to eat a full spread of bland food! 
THEY WERE OUT OF AVACADOS!!
But the service was good.Went for dinner Sunday night and loved it so much we went back for breakfast Monday. The food was delicious and service was on point. No TV but good conversation.Nice little place with a cozy feel and high quality food. Lots of different unique options. We had to wait for our food for a long time though, but it was well worth the wait.Great food with generous portions. Comfortable and open environment with friendly service. Definitely recommend this place.The perfect spot for brunch! I'm sure their dinner is grey too but the chicken and waffles and crawfish and grits was bomb! I'm def making this a spot to come weeklyThis was my favorite meal during a seven day trip to New Orleans. This includes a trip with visits to Commanders Palace, The Joint, Tableau, and other great restaurants. My girlfriend and I had brunch here, getting both waffles with pork/chimichurree and the Latke w crawfish etouffee. The flavors were incredible and both portioned generously. 
Highly recommend!Hello out there in Yelp Land! Please, please, please try this restaurant. The food was sooooooooo good! Everyone that I came with enjoyed their food. You can never go wrong with a pancake, scrambled egg, and sausage or bacon option. I don't really like pork sausage and they didn't have turkey sausage either so we compromised and I was able to get slices of turkey meat fried. The staff here are so welcoming and friendly. This place is worth a try and another try. Everything about this restaurant was nothing short of amazing.
Pictured below is a brunch meal my aunt ordered. Before I could take a photo of mine, I had already taken a couple of bites.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans. 
 I had the Guatemalan breakfast Wednesday and it was to die for. They actually cooked my eggs over medium like I ordered. The plantains were fried just right. The waitstaff is friendly and very accommodating. I can't wait to go back in January so I can eat here again.I recently went here for lunch after trying to visit for at least a year (I've dined at Slim Goodies numerous times, so i already knew the gist of the place). Horns was still serving brunch but since we already had breakfast we inquired if they could bring us lunch menus and without any problem they complied with our request. Our waiter was super compliant and friendly. My BBQ shrimp Poboy was very tasty and the cheap persnickety prostitute with me had the BLT with the bacon really really burnt crispy just the way she likes it. All the brunch plates that other customers were wolfing down looked and smelled incredible, too. I love the decor and family photos.Spent 5 days in New Orleans and this was the best dining experience.  My wife and I were staying in the downtown area and we took the streetcars over to Frenchman St.  Decided to stop in here for brunch.  Loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious.  We both had the Egg Dauphine.  Highly recommended.My wife and I had lunch here on a beautiful Saturday before walking to Frenchmen street.
Sign your name on a note pad on the door and wait for your name to be called.
The place was busy, but we were seated in about 15 minutes.  I was people watching before we went in.  New Orleans has lots of different people to watch!
The place is as others have described and the food was very good.
I had scrambled eggs with spinach, tomotoes and feta cheese.  My wife has scrambled eggs and hashbrowns.  We enjoyed it all.  Even the toast was well done.
Horn's is a little more expensive than IHOP or similar, but the food and atmostphere are better.
We would return when we are in the area again.The girl's meetup group I'm a party of decided on this spot for a Sunday brunch. While they don't take reservations, we knew we would have a large group and showed up ready to wait. 
12 ladies arrived, the owner (?) came out to greet us and give our large group some options for ordering to make it easy and keep everyone happy. She made it clear there would be no separate checks, but if we did a family style brunch they could split everything evenly. Perfect for all 12 of us. They sat us in one of the corners and out quickly came the food; big bowls filled with scrambled eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, grits, biscuits AND french toast (she overheard somebody say they were hoping for that). Not only were they overly acommodating with carafes of mimosas, coffee and waters they also added a small dish of hollandaise sauce!!! (I'm an Eggs Benedict fanatic)
Friendly staff/servers continuously checked on us and I've never seen such amazing service in any other restaurant. I look forward to tasing the entire menu on many many return visits & happy hours. 
Street parking in a little bit of a residental area. Uber/lyft if you're close enough!Well we sat down @845 for  a 830 reservation and it's 10pm and no food! How much do they expect us to drink before we get fed?! #welcometothesouth
I didn't want to include gratuity but at least subtracted.This. Place. Is. Incredible. As a seasonal restaurant owner, all I do in the winter is travel and eat great food. This is the definition of a warm, cozy neighborhood joint away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon and Frenchmen street. My girlfriend and I came here twice in our three day trip and wish we could try everything on the menu. We got the Jewish Coonass (which was so delicious - and our first time having crawfish). Today we got the Fried shrimp po-boy and the Creole Cuban. The Creole Cuban stole the show, so tender and dripping in juices. Next time we come to NOLA, we will be stopping back. The owner cares a lot about this shop, you can tell and it translates to the food. FYI, you can also buy the coffee mugs which are hand made!!This morning we had brunch at Horns. I can't say enough about the service, atmosphere, and food. But the coffee holy @$"@!!! Great coffee our server was very sweet patient and helpful! What more can I say. You want a relaxed enjoyable atmosphere come here, and buy a Coffee cup while your here they're beautiful!My family and I were looking for someplace to eat for breakfast and found Horn's. It was in walking distance of our hotel. The food was really good. The prices aren't that expensive. The service was good. The waitress was friendly and accommodating. I would go again.I got the eggs benedict and my SO got their waffle cochon. 
The hollendaise sauce on the benedict was completely curdled and separated. It wouldn't even stay on top, it was all pooled around them. I really should have sent it back but I don't really like to do that.  I'll just eat whatever nastiness you put in front of me then complain about it later.  
The waffle cochon was tasteless.   That's pretty much all I can say about it. 
The waitress laughed at me at one point. I gave her a weird look and she's says "I'm sorry but it looks like you're really enjoying it!".  Uh, screw you, this is pretty bad but I didn't eat last night so I'm going to shove this oily-ass eggs benedict down my throat.This was the perfect way to finish our trip to New Orleans. We stumbled across this little gem as we walked back to our AIRBNB and knew it'd be the right place after watching the chef step outside to her herb garden and pick some mint. After eating almost painfully heavy food all trip, this place made me want to jump for joy. Not only did we get a delicious Chef's Choice Salad (7.50 for a beautiful salad with fresh greens, TONS of blueberries, tomatoes, and everything else you could ever want) that was light and fresh, but we also ordered a Crawfish Etouffee that had an incredible depth of flavor. This place seems like a wholesome mix of everything great about the food scene here: rich renditions of the classics with fresh and surprising new dishes that'll be a nice mix-up from every other restaurant in the city.I'd always loved Slim Goodies, so naturally I was thrilled to hear they'd made it possible to open a new, open-all-day joint. One of Slim Goodies's most notable traits is the decor. Horn's also does not disappoint. Full of quaint and quirky junk, and Americana photography. But that's kind of my bag, you know?
The drinks were interesting, tasty, and plenty boozy. I thought $8-10 was a good deal for a cocktail, but then again I live in Brooklyn now. 
My date ordered the Waffle Cochon. Don't buy this thinking the toppings will replace the syrup. The dish would be a bit dry without it. This was not a problem, however. I'm totally down with sugary syrup drizzled atop pulled pork and peppers. Yes, please. 
As a person wont to combining her plate into a neatly distributed pile (I like to mix and match combinations), the Jewish Coonass was like the breakfast bowl of my dreams. 
In spite of how much I enjoyed this place, I'm giving them four stars for one important infraction. I asked for the eggs "over easy," which I do believe the cook understood, though in hindsight I wish I had said poached. Unfortunately, the steamy shrimp etouffee was poured over the runny eggs, and by the time the plate got to my table, the eggs had become hard-cooked from the sauce. From the looks of some of the other Yelp photos, it appears they do go eggs-on-top. Wish that cook were there the day I went!We called at 8pm on a Saturday night and got right in.  I guess we just called at the right time because it started filling up after we got seated.  Our group of four got Meatloaf, Ettoufee', Cornbread Waffle Cochon, and the Jewish Coonass.  Everything was delicious. The service was great, the prices were reasonable and we plan to return before we leave New Orleans. Highly recommend.Service : stellar,  friendly, fast, clean, AMAZING. ...SO far my favorite stop in New Orleans   
So wish I had this in BKSuper cute small place off of Frenchmen Street. A nice place away from the super hustle street while you're still really in the area. 
Everyone was nice and we had the chicken and waffle which was good and really filling.First stop once I touched down. Talk about an awesome brunch place. Cute little place nice set up outside too. Got sat quickly friendly service. Had coffee and a mimosa  spot on. The chicken and waffles were out this world! The sweet and spicy sauce that came with was a perfect pairing! Laid back place to enjoy a bit with friends, friendly awesome service.Like a lot of other reviewers, the service was very slow - it took a good 12-15 minutes before the servers decided who was going to take our table.  Once the staff figured out who had what, the service was great and the food was even better.  We had: catfish po'boys, a pulled pork po'boy and a cuban sandwich and all were VERY good, but the cuban was the BEST.  It's not stated on the menu, but our food came with homemade chips; not knowing that, we ordered fries to share and had too much food, since the portions are huge.Great little spot with excellent brunch food. 
Tried pretty much everything on the menu and was only disappointed with the chicken waffles (breaded chicken on top of waffles is just bread on bread and lacking in flavor. Everything else is very good).Like being sat down in a friends house, served great local NOLA food. Delicious and friendly. Highly recommended neighborhood spot.