Always quiet when I've seen it, but always great sushi!
Their happy hour is no joke: 3-6 pm most days of the week, and sushi is $3.55 for 6 pieces, and the wine is a hearty pour. 
It's great to sit in the bar and watch a football game, or sit in the main dining room for a finer dining experience. Our waiter told us they are open until 2 am, so if you are ever in need for late night sushi, this is your spot!Came here on Lundi Gras for the happy hour... it was a great deal! We ordered nigiri for $1.25 each and hand rolls were $3. The fish was really fresh - I loved the salmon and white tuna. We also got the Playboy roll. It was raw but arrived in foil lit on fire... I didn't really like the smokey flavor but the roll itself was good.
We waited about 5 - 10 minutes to get seated, even though the place was not full. Our server was excellent, and the manager or owner went out of his way to entertain my friend's 3-year-old son. We watched a parade roll by out the window from our seats, which was cool. The specialty rolls were pricey so I recommend going during happy hour and mixing the HH menu with one or 2 rolls. Also, HH drinks were 2 for 1 and our server was really nice with reminding us when HH was over before we ordered.Im sorry ... Myb it just not for me , im from la , i know the taste of curry but this one,  it just like water, sugar  with coconuts milk . Service was bad , took so long to get my food n even my appetizer about to come out when im done with my food .I am a sushi fan and a big fan of Chinese food and Thai cuisine, so I would love a restaurant that combined the best of all these worlds. I don't think Hoshun does it for me.
It's not bad, the service is very good, the Thai iced tea delicious and the potstickers decent. But when this place is empty, as it was the Saturday I went there, it smells funny, like old mop water, and we were jammed in a table amidst a sea of unoccupied chairs when there were plenty of comfy booths available or tables by the windows looking out on St. Charles. 
The edamame had a strange hard texture and very little sea salt. My companion liked his chicken fried rice well enough, but not his chewy rainbow roll, while my Udon was terribly bland with doughy noodles. 
If Sushi Bros. had been open across the street, we definitely would have gone there instead.
I have heard that Hoshun throws a heck of a good party for groups in its cavernous upper floors complete with balcony access, which I am sure would be fun for a Mardi Gras celebration. But unless I am invited to that kind of shindig there, I probably won't be back.Service was great. I got the General Tso's with hot and sour, crab rangoon, and shrimp fried rice, which was fantastic, and my boyfriend enjoyed his yellowtail sushi roll. They have a good selection of beer and sake. Prices are decent. One of the best parts is they're open until 2am when most other places in the immediate area close by 10 or 11pm, and they deliver nearby. The atmosphere is interesting. Great decor with modern music.I love the crab rangoons! My brother and I came in for lunch and we requested that an appetizer be taken off of our bill because we didn't eat it & also it took a while to come out. Our waitress was very sweet and helpful but when she went to the owner(an Asian lady) to approve taking the appetizer off of our bill, the owner came over to our table in a very unprofessional manner! She screamed at us and slammed stuff around the restaurant. Needless to say, it was my second time at hoshun! :-( I will not be returning!!!!Love this place! We come atleast once a week. Best sushi in the city, great happy hour, and prices. Selection is great. Staff is so nice and welcoming.I don't dine in often but I get to-go orders from Hoshun all the time, at least once a week. I normally get off from work after midnight and this place stays open till 2 AM. The staff is always very sweet and my orders never take longer than 15 minutes tops. Their rolls are consistently delicious! I noticed the snowcrab is always different at every sushi place but I really like the one at Hoshun. I've dined in and tried some of their hot dishes and they're good as well. Very reasonably priced considering its location on St. Charles.In New Orleans for a few months for work, I was starting to get really tired of all the Cajun grub and DYING for some good chinese.  Yay, Hoshun!!
I wouldn't call it authentic, but food was good.  Place is decorated like a traditional tea house, with majogany chinese benches, fake jade pieces, and everything.  
We missed happy hour, which i hear is great, but still managed to feed 6 for under $150 (with drinks!).  
The five spice calamari ($10.50) was awesome as an appetizer to share! For entrees, most of us ordered the combo dinner ($12.95).  It comes with soup (I'd recommend hot & sour), a crab ragoon or eggroll, veggies, fried rice, and a dish of your choice.  Portions were huge. I had the shrimp and veggies combo which was good...but my neighbor's XO beef combo, and pumpkin seed duck looked DELICIOUS.
I'll be back to when craving Chinese goodness.Great food.  Nice sushi. Chinese is fresh and well done. Order the xo sauce.II love Hoshun. Although it may seem strange that they serve Chinese and sushi - its not. This is the perfect restaurant for my boyfriend and me. I love sushi, he's allergic to fish. He loves Chinese, I'm not a fan. Enter Hoshun, and we can finally agree on a restaurant. The sushi, both raw and cooked, is delicious. I love the Hard Rock Roll. The boyfriend says the Chinese is great.Super disappointed. I ordered delivery, general's tofu and veggie spring rolls. I was charged extra to sub tofu as I don't eat meat. I asked if the tofu could be fried crispy, was told yes. My food arrives an hour later. I'm told by the driver that I must come down to the lobby to get the food. Why am I paying a delivery charge and tipping if I can't even have the food brought to my door? Okay, I change out of my pajamas and go down to the lobby to get my food.
The tofu is not crispy, rather very soggy and lacking in flavor. The spring rolls are equally soggy as they have been on some type of greens for the entire time. Sooo...25 dollars before tip, I had to retrieve it from the lobby, and it's soggy and flavorless. Not happy.Again, they get extra love from me for being open really late and for being open when no one else seems to be.
I had a crazy pho craving at 10 pm one week night. No Vietnamese spots are open past 10 pm! I was frantically searching Yelp for any place that served pho that was open past 10 and Hoshun came up. Now, I like some of their Chinese offerings, but I wasn't a big fan of their Udon, so I had decided to stay away from the soupy things.
But I had to have my pho.
So I called and placed an order for takeout. Everything went smoothly. They packaged everything very well and I don't know if it was just my hunger or craving but the pho was pretty good. My only gripe was that they didn't pack any basil or jalapenos with my order. Aside from that, thank you, Hoshun, for being there for my unusual pho craving!This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Terrific food, wonderful drinks, beautiful atmosphere.  Classy but not fancy.  
I get the idea that the owners are Chinese, but they have damn good sushi chefs.  We usually order off the main menu but the sushi is excellent too.  I love their pot stickers - the owner told us they were his mother's recipe.
They have updated the menu a bit recently, and many of the entrées are available as "combos" with rice and an egg roll or crab rangoon.  Doesn't really matter to me, but I think it appeals to what more people in this area are used to.
Even the simple dishes are fantastic.  Last night I had beef with broccoli.  My boyfriend favors the dry-rub ribs.
The drinks are a little pricey but totally worth it!  I recommend the pear martini.
No dessert menu, but they usually have a couple different cakes to choose from.Very inconsistent & kinda pricy for what it is .... Some dishes are great and some nasty . Do not !!! order the pad Thai or the orange peel shrimp , I love those dishes at other places but not here ! The wonton soup & Ginger shrimp are great though ! I mostly order from them because they deliver late and that's what saves them in my book .I've been here probably about 20 times over the past two years; mainly because of the conveinience.  They stay open until 2 am.  This place is pretty awesome for the service industry, and late at night, that's mainly what you see.  They're not very consistent.  Sometimes the food's awesome and sometimes it's okay at best.  The service is the same.  The drinks I've had have never been great but okay.  The sake is good, but hard to mess up....they do run out of glasses often though.  One point I really don't like is that they open your bottle of wine at the bar and bring it to you in glasses, already.  If I'm going to buy an expensive bottle of wine I'd like to make sure I know exactly what I'm getting.  The being said, they have an extensive menu and is a much better option than the bar food that's readily availible to the service industry late at night.I've had better food at a cheap buffet. 
I go here every once in a while because a friend really likes it and I don't want to be rude when we hang out.  Other than that I try to avoid it, which isn't hard, as there's really, really good sushi directly across the street at Sushi Brothers. 
Three good things about this place:
1. It's a pretty place to sit.
2. The happy hour: sake specials you get tipsy and you pay less for food, so you don't mind eating mediocre sushi as much.
3. They're open until 2am, so when you're already in your cups and everything else is closed, you can use your alcohol-fueled lack of taste to shovel down something that's a bit better for you than Burger King. 
Although honestly, Burger King tastes better. 
I don't mean to be mean about it, but I've been there almost a dozen times and each visit is less impressive than the one before. The customer service is often lackluster. Most of the times I've been,  we've had to wait a really long time to get food, and then it was like pulling teeth to even find the server once the food was dropped off.   I learned to stay away from their sushi,  and I'm not a huge fan of most Chinese restaurant offerings save for soup, so I ordered Hot & Sour soup. They even messed up the soup. How do you mess up Hot & Sour soup?! 
It's just disappointing every time. The next time my friend suggests meeting up at Hoshun, I might have to suggest we go for Italian.Excellent sushi awaits you at Hoshun! It's fresh, it's flavorful, and if you go during happy hour it's cheap too. If you're really hungry, go in for some Hoshun J-Pops (a clever name for delicious jalapeno poppers) and crab rangoons to start.  The service is friendly and the space is comfortable. You'll not be disappointed.Got sick with food poisoning from the salmon sashimi. I ordered a tuna handroll, got a tuna roll with a side cucumber handroll... NOT what i ordered. The fish was so sour, i could only eat one bite of each. The check took forever to come. I LOVE sushi and i HATED the fish here... im  still sick from it. HORRIBLE experience will NEVER go back! This place RUINED my trip to New Orleans.We tried to order food from here, but the horrible service got in the way.
In an attempt to place an order, my colleagues and I called the restaurant three times in a row and each time was put on hold for a few minutes and subsequently hung up on.  The fourth time I called, I implored that the woman just take my order immediately rather than putting me on hold, after which she still put me on hold and then told me they don't deliver to our hotel.  When I told her the concierge said otherwise, she changed her mind, but at that point I was so flustered I didn't want to give her my business.
Through it all, she never apologized for hanging up on me so many times and being so rude.  Total loss of business for no good reason.I get really excited when I see good reviews about Hoshun because it's deserving. For one, they open late (till 2 A.M.). And their extensive selection of food is amazing considering there's Japanese, Chinese, and Vietnamese! 
I always start with their crab rangoons & fried calamari. My siblings love cream cheese and they add a very generous amount of cream cheese. The calamari is also great. Add a squeeze of lemon to make it a bit tangy with the salt/pepper. For sushi, my favorite it's the surf&turf roll as well as the Buddha belly roll. While the surf and turf roll is recommended for those who don't eat raw fish, I think the Buddha belly roll speaks for itself. The roll is HUGE. Most of the time it takes me two bites to eat one. For entrees, anything from the butter pepper filet to generals chicken is good. I also recommend trying the wonton soup. 
Service here is excellent. Servers are fast and friendly. Never a dull moment. Prices are fine to me. In my opinion, you get what you pay for. It's all about quality over quantity. 
For those who want to accommodate big parties such as birthdays, baby showers, or engagement parties, there is a party room upstairs that is big enough for at least 75 people. The nice balcony with a view of St. Charles is a plus. Definitely have to party up there at least once, it's great!The place was just okay. I loved the atmosphere. The food was not the best. It was mediocre chinese food which really disappointed me since this was the place I took my fiancé to eat for his birthday. The hot and sour soup was great, sweet and sour chicken lacked seasoning, the fried rice had very little flavor. I did get a sushi roll (super dome roll) that was pretty good. The cajun spring rolls sounded so good but really disappointed us. Our server was very good though. Not a place we'll be returning to. Oh well, never know until you try.There is so much good food in New Orleans. Why eat here? Eater pointed me to this place as a late night spot. And I appreciate that they are open till two. That's how I justify one star. The sizzling squid was drowning in burned sauce. In fact everything here was put to death with sauce. Lighten up on it folks.
The playboy roll "lit on fire at the table" was simply wrapped in foil and passed over a flame. Proper wording would be "gently heated at the table and charging you extra for being stupid". (See video I posted). 
This place is the Denny's of Asian food. My grocery store has better sushi (I really mean that). 
Everyone else seemed to be enjoying themselves so if this is your style of sushi, enjoy.We were in for a visit from out of town and we're craving some Asian food, so we decided to give Hoshun a try. I liked the happy hour pricing, easily making any of our choices more than worth the visit. The General Tso's Chicken and Pad Thai were great, and I would definitely go back just to get more of those potstickers. Our waitress told us how the potstickers are all homemade and made fresh. Our waitress was very sweet and friendly, paying great attention not only to our table but all of her customers. The location was great, right off the streetcar line and not too far from our hotel.Love the fried rice and the sweet-and-sour chicken!
Some of the best fried rice in town.If you're looking for a fusion place that's open late-night, this is your choice! The prices are low and they serve a huge array of items. It's not the best fusion food you'll encounter, but it satisfies the taste buds.Hoshun is a great sushi/Chinese option in town. I love a couple of things about them:
1. They are open till 2 am....I think I would enjoy having sushi as a drunk food option.
2. They also have combination platters, such as sweet and sour chicken, that Coke with rice, soup, and Rangoon. Yum!
3. They have their own parking lot.
4. The decor is modern and fun
5. Pretty decent happy hour 7 days a week.
Only downfall is no split checks. Womp womp.I visit Hoshun every so often when I have the opportunity to take a long lunch. They're in a convenient location on St. Charles and the decor and atmosphere inside of the restaurant is very nice. I like that they have free parking around back because finding parking on St. Charles can sometimes be tricky. I've never visited this restaurant at dinner so I can't say what things are like at that time, but the service I've recieved here at lunch has been hit or miss- I've had everything from outstanding to subpar service. However, there are two reasons I continue to visit Hosun- the Crab Rangoon and the Sweet Thai Chili Chicken. The flavor of the filling is delicious, and the ratio of the smooth filling to crispy exterior on the crab rangoons is perfect! Then there's the Sweet Thai Chili Chicken- thin pieces of white meat chicken fried to perfection with a side of white or fried rice (your choice!) and an eggroll. The Sweet Thai Chili sauce comes with both the crab rangoon and the chicken and is not to be missed! It's essential to both dishes, and I'm pretty sure it's one of the sauces that would be amazing on anything. Other items I've tried here include the egg drop soup, which was pretty standard- nothing spectacular, but nothing to complain about- and the salt and pepper shrimp, which was just okay. The portion sizes are large, and I always have leftovers to take home. They're open daily until 2 am, and deliver until 1 am for those late night Asian cuisine cravings! Give them a try and see what you think!We liked the atomosphere- minus the fact that the booth was a little unstable so whenever the person behind me moved it would rock. 
The lock on that bathroom stall that Suzanne mentioned still hasn't been fixed.
It was pretty cold where we were sitting because the door kept opening and closing, but had i know we just would have sat further from the front door.
My husband liked the seaweed salad (a huge portion!) and his sushi. I ordered some combo fried rice from the happy hour menu and I got a huge, HUGE plate of chicken, rice and vegetables. But it wasn't really all that tasty and it left us wanting some "real" chinese food. 
Overall, it wasn't bad, and the location was right for us, but I wouldn't go again- it wasn't good either.I didn't hesitate to accept the concierge's recommendation of Hoshun since I had an adamant vegetarian in my traveling for work party who pointed it out all week.  Originally from California, I welcome restaurants described as Asian-Fusion.
The good: the entrance, I guess.  Also, the large menu.  Normally I despise large menus because good restaurants tend to know what they want to do well and do those things well.  Large menus are a sign of "we don't do anything well."
I haven't sampled enough of the menu, but it did not appear Hoshun did anything well, only decent.  I had the calamari, cajun eggrolls, and soft shell crab.  All were decent.  
Small sample size?  Yes, small sample size.  Confident in my decision?  Confident in my decision.  The dozen dinner places I've been to in New Orleans have all been better.  I'd recommend making the menu more small, and incorporating seasonal seafood and other local dishes as part of the fusion.Dine here regularly, food is always great and friendly service. Whole steamed fish is delicious! We had Fried calamari, salty fish fried rice, black mussel, Thai beef salad, jalapeño popper and more and more haha, really good.Hoshun is a perfect example of why I should listen to Yelp reviews.
This was my second trip to Hoshun. On my first try, I couldn't get in because a parade was passing in front. I was determined to try it again, and on my most recent attempt, I got in.
Prior to my visit, I read several Yelp reviews. The reviews suggested the special rolls, but I didn't listen since I am occasionally hard-headed. 
I decided i would try the three roll lunch special which was $11.50. That seemed to be a pretty good bargain and there were around ten different rolls to choose from. My choices were the spicy crawfish, spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls. The rolls were good, but not great. I am not sure what makes a roll better than another, but I have had better at other local restaurants.
Service was very good. Our server was attentive and friendly. He even made recommendations for future visits.
I will return to Hoshun for another try, but next time I will listen to my fellow yelpers and stick with the specialty rolls.Okay I'm updating my review because Hoshun is legit. The food is always fresh and omg the selection is endless. Most importantly,  the hours make it the easiest late night option when you're not in a drive thru mood.  I love the Cajun egg rolls omg they're perfectly seasoned and just the right size. I love the shrimp fried rice and the general joe chicken also.This gets five stars for saving me on late nights when I was craving sushi. The Ichigo Roll is the bomb. Only order the Wasabi Bomb if you want to feel like your whole being is dying.We are local regulars. Service is excellent and the bartender makes a famous quail bomb using sake, ponzu, chili, and quail egg on the side!  Also try the ichigo roll. Strawberries, champagne, and raw fish. Yes, please!I am coming to realize that perhaps NOLA doesn't have any good chinese food?  The soup tasted distinctly of MSG. The Beef L'Orange was 6-8 layers of beef that had each been dipped in batter but was fried as one big chunk.  Consequently, in between the slices was all mushy.  The beef was too tender leading me to believe they used meat tenderizer- bleah.  The sushi roll I got touted "topped with snow crab" but was actually topped with imitation "krab".  All in all, a forget-able experience.Not impressed. May have just ordered the wrong thing but not only was it overpriced for the quality but I felt as though I was being put through the motions by the server, meaning I was "just another table".They serve sushi and they're open till 2am...that's a solid 3 stars right there. 
I usually pick up sushi from here at around 1am when the attack of the munchies happens. It's always packed around that time. The service is excellent as well...attentive yet not pushy.
I got the miso soup and a California roll on my latest visit and they both were very filling. The California roll tasted  a bit strange...like it had been prepped and stored for a few hours but it could be my mind playing tricks on me. Overall, cool place.We were desperately searching for a place to have dinner on Christmas since most restaurants were closed... We came to this place and the food was actually good! 
The service was way too slow...  It took about 20minutes for us to get the water and after we finished the food another 30minutes passed by before the check came......  The waitress seemed new.This is hands down the best Chinese food in town. The sushi is always fresh and and adds a Choice you don't find it in your average Chinese restaurant.Every time I visit New Orleans, wheter it is an early afternoon flight or a late night flight, I have made it tradition to come in for guaranteed delicious sushi, bbq pork, a stiff lychee martini, and great service. Highly recommend if you're looking for a casual atmoshphere and New Orleans smiles!Had a birthday party here over the weekend.. The staff was able to handle a late night group of 15 was able to keep the drinks and appraisers (5 Pepper Calamari!) and food coming!  I highly recommend.Since my brother claimed that Hoshun has the best Chinese food in New Orleans. So I brought the whole family there. The service was quick. Staffs were very nice and friendly the food was just OKAY.  Still coming back if only I'm in the area. I guess my brother was just over acted ;3I used to like this place until I went about a month back and it was awful. My waitress disappeared for almost 25 minutes even though I was the only table in the resturaunt. I ordered an iced green tea and it was really bad and then asked my waitress to replace it with a water and she was very hesitant to take it off the bill even when I only tasted had one sip. The food is mediocre as well, I gave my left overs to a homeless person on my way home. I'll probably only ever come back next time I'm in New Orleans craving sushi at 1am.This restaurant had a very good atmosphere. The food was amazing. My favorite dish was "Hoshun's Treasure" It was one of the best rolls I've ever tasted.First time here during Mardi Gras , the service was great, the food was delicious I am in love with the crawfish roll and their wingsI've been coming here for a while and I order the surf&turf roll often but for the first time I got it to-go and I'm pretty disappointed in how much smaller it is. I don't like spending $20 on dinner and then having to go find somethin to eat afterOrdered the streetcar roll & lots ofor delivery, it took over an hour to get to us on canal st. Kind of disappointed by that. Sushi was great, rangoons were ice cold. The Thai chili sauce is easily the best thing I've ever tasted, and it's so much better on the roll than the mayo champagne sauce. Will order again. I pray that I don't get cold rangoons!!!We stayed at a hotel a few blocks from this eatery. We arrived after 10pm and were quite concerned as to whether we'd be able to find somewhere to eat, especially somewhere my mom and I (both ovo-lacto vegetarians) would be able to have food selections.
Hoshun totally delivered! They had a small selection of vegetarian choices on the menu, but when I asked our server he said the kitchen would be willing to make almost any item with tofu instead of meat. We had a tasty meal AND they had a full bar with great drinks. Who could ask for more??Great for a late night sushi craving!Food wasn't half bad.. Wasn't the best Japanese or sushi I've have before but not the worst. 
Service was very slow it took at least 45 minutes for them to serve SUSHI and egg rolls. I'm not in a rush to return to the restaurant at all.Extra star for all the extra options on their menu and being open til 2am. There's a little bit of everything... sushi, thai dishes, chinese..
Whats good: Ginger Salad, Wontons, BBQ Pork, J Pops, Baked Salmon, Playboy Roll. 
Good happy hour specials. Nice decor, great place to meet friends.Love this place. I'm there probably twice a week for late night takeout. If you're around LGD area (or anywhere, really) and need late night food and you don't want a sketchy 1am bacon burger from you-know-where, this is your place. The late night staff NEVER judges you for showing up in your pajamas on a Saturday night to pick up your 3-roll sushi special. The staff is exceedingly kind, the 2 ladies who switch off as hostess are so sweet and the sushi is always fresh. Also, the beef pho and the yaki udon are solid.Stopped in early on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. I ordered the fried dumplings and my son ordered a cali roll for our apps. They were probably the best we ever had. Dumplings were made fresh with thin dough, not that heavy stuff the junky places use. We then had some Mongolian Beef and Lo mein. Once again, they surprised us with excellent entrees and great service. Would highly recommend.Sort of disappointing. First- the server gave me the wrong order of sushi. After that, we got our food, it smelled great and then I found a hair in my food. When I told the server, he apologized and then asked if I would like it boxed up.. why would I want my food that I found a hair in boxed up?
I do appreciate the manager taking my meal because not many places would do that.Omfg spicy tuna salad!
If ever there was something that filled every last crack in my heart at first bite it was this.  If you come here, try the spicy tuna salad!!!!!!
I had the PHO which was quite lovely, perfect as I was getting over a cold and nothing manages that task better than some good pho. 
The drinks were great as well, I had a mai-tai and some tokyo tea, the tokyo tea pretty much put me on my ass so that was fun and refreshing to find in a restaurant drink. 
It also made the walk back to the hotel quite bracing. 
Tried the "cajun spring rolls" and was sad. Super fried (no problem there as it was described as fried) but also very small, so there was not nearly enough meat and what not in the middle to justify the experience.  
All in all though, it was good!Went to Hoshun last night and like always, great food and service! George was incredible. The best dish in my opinion is the Uptown Streetcar Roll. Definitely worth it.Foods good actually. Never had an issue with the food or the service. I been to Hoshun quite often. Not like week after week but a good amount of times within the last 4 years. I love the salt and pepper calamari. That's my fav, and the potstickers! Was not feeling the Mongolian Beef.. It was full of sliced onions.. More onions than beef that night, I feel. Beef l'orange isn't bad. I lurve their pho ga bc the chicken isn't dry. I HATE DRY CHICKEN. I'm quite surprised but yeah their Pho Ga is pretty good. Baked Salmon is good too. There rolls are also not bad either. There's really nothing bad I can say about their food and service. That bathroom tho, son. Meehhhh.Happy hour is great here. However I am severely disappointed with the Pad Thai take out I recently got. It had absolutely zero flavor. None! Correction, it had flavor, but tasted more like Italian Spaghetti.Open late and the food is super quick and good. My one complaint would be that it's overpriced compared to other Chinese and Asian restaurants in the surrounding area.3/5 it wasn't great, wasn't bad - all too oily
given the availability of good asian (fusion *cringes*) here in nola, hoshun isn't a horrible choice. our waiter didn't quite sell us on the raw offerings (no one wants to hear "it's one of the fresher options"...so some are not fresh...?), but the cooked items weren't bad. my pad thai was a nuclear red color, like seriously did we go out of way to color this? my friend got a lo mein that was too oily, but had a great garlic taste that was so satisfying. we also tried the calamari app, which was fried just a little too long (some pieces were tougher than others), but i liked the preparation tossed in peppers and garlic (not as much a fan of the sriracha sweet chili sauce combo).
overall, for what nola has, it's an option.Always excellent service, although I'm partial to the casual elegance in the bar area. The sushi is good & late night sushi & drink specials entice. The decor is nicely designed with lots of detail. My only concern is with the regular maintenance of the decor & bathroom areas. I hate to say it, but you guys could use some extra cleaning. Just saying! But, I will be back. Hopefully to see these changes as well. We will see!Stopped here on a Friday night during a random girl's trip to NOLA and the place has a pretty decent menu with reasonable prices for the city! 
Pro: It's open until 2am and my shrimp lo menu was hot and delicious. The dining room is nice and can accommodate a large party size. The Playboy Roll was also a fan-favorite because they hear it with fire at the table before serving!
Con: My friend's sushi was mushy and the "spicy" value added to the rolls was a dollop of Siracha sauce in top.
***Note: When addressing the situation with my friend's order not being up to standard, the manager, Mickey, was very combative and unapologetic. After addressing him in a very respectful way, we were shut down and made to feel that our concerns were not valid. As someone who works in customer service, this exchange was very inappropriate and disappointing.
Overall, the food was good, but the restaurant has management issues that should be addressed.Try the happy hour small $2.00 Sake.Lord that stuff was so strong i would hate to see the $4.00 Sake lol but if you want to take someone to a nice place for Asian food.This place will definitely be the spot to hand out on a first date or just to chill. 3ppl drinks,Sake,and lots of food was $48.00. Go see for yourself.I took my lady here last night for her birthday. We shared the Black Mussels as an appetizer. They were fantastic big mussels rich in flavor. 
I had the smoked salmon and yellowtail hand rolls with fresh Wasabi and I was very impressed. That was the best rolls I've ever had. Their sushi is truly one of the best. For my entree I had the Sweet Thai chili chicken dish with fried rice substitute for the white rice. It was pretty good as well. 
My Lady had the Miso Soup and for her entree she had the Salt & Pepper Shrimp Dish. She said the Miso soup was the best she's had and that it was full of flavor. And she loved her Entree as well. 
Overall my 1st experience with Hoshun was a complete success. I will be making repeat visits and to think they are open all the way to 2am. The only thing that sucked was the parking. On a different website (www.nomenu.com) the restauranteur who reviewed Hoshun said that they offer free valet parking. I saw no such service there last night and I forgot to ask them about it. I guess that's something you can just call them over the phone and ask. I don't think they do that anymore so he needs to update his website.I came to this location around midnight on a Saturday and it was not crowded at all. The hosts and wait staff were very polite. The waitress was amazing. My food came out really quickly and was pretty good. I got a crunchy roll, crab salad, and baked salmon. Everything was great except the baked salmon being very dry and hard. I would probably return the next time I crave Japanese food in New Orleans.There are a few things about Hoshun that I like. The shrimp and cream cheese appetizer that comes with the combo lunch plate is so delicious. I need to get an order of these as my lunch!
They used to have THE BEST egg drop soup in town. They have now changed their recipe and it is still good, but it is not THE BEST like it used to be. It is more diluted and less flavorful now. It used to be very thick and yummy. 
My friend and I each got a chicken combo lunch plate with fried rice. I got Mandarin chicken and she got sweet and sour. What they put in front of me was chunks of dry white meat with no batter. Hers were thin fried pieces. I asked the waiter why ours were different and he said that's how it comes. I said the chunks were too thick and dry and he brought me a new plate of the thin fried chicken pieces. They were kind of oily and flavorless, but I appreciated them re-making it for me with no hassle.
Their Pad Thai is a weird red color as others have said, but it's not bad. I also had their Thai curry soup once, it had a very good flavor and it was a huge portion. I think I had the sushi combo plate once, nothing to write home about but no complaints either.
This is good place for a compromise, when you are with several people who want different types of cuisine.Pretty good restaurant. The Tokyo tea was nice, and string :-)
Went there in search for good Chinese and we found it.. Overall the experience was pleasant, we were seated fairly quickly, considering it was weeknight days before Christmas..
We asked for the J pops in appetizers, they do turn hot towards the end but nice flavor..
In main course, we asked for chicken and asparagus in xo sauce, garden veggie delights and house lo mein...
Yes yes, you much food and we had to doggie bag a lot because their portion sizes are huge,...
The food was very appetizing to look at, delicious and the service impeccable... 
Highly recommended!I live right down the street and am righting a review based on our most recent experience. We ordered two orders of General Tso chicken with fried rice and a spring roll for pick up. When I got home I discovered that the chicken was covered in a ketchup like sauce with a hint of BBQ. The fried rice was simply brown rice with scrambled egg. There were no vegetables in either order, and mine had two small shrimp. I called the restaurant and asked if they are doing something different or if they have a new chef. The owner/manager yelled at me over the phone and said "What you want me to do give you more fried rice?" I politely told her no I just wanted to inform you of a substandard meal and I will not be returning. She said ok bye. Lot top it all off, we didn't even get a fortune cookie. This place appears to be a fancy Asian blend restaurant, but I have had better Chinese food in malls and grocery stores. I would not recommend, as every time I am disappointed with this place. Much better options for good food in the Bug Easy, so don't waste your money here.A few weeks ago , I had lunch at Hoshun . I found the food to be a bit over-priced ,however the service was awesome . So I didn't feel the need to write a review about the prices because over-priced sushi is nothing new .
 On last week I decided to order in from Hoshun,  the total was 45.00$ .I paid over the phone , which was no big deal .  I waited for over 90 mins for the delivery , only to find that they forgot 2 items . 
The next day I checked my credit card transaction history online , and found  a transaction for 56.00$ from Hoshun's restaurant . The representative from my credit card company said that 45$ was originally charged to the card ,but 2 hrs later an additional authorization of 11 dollars was added to the transaction. I believe the delivery driver decided to take an extra tip , after I gave him 8$ at my front door. I've called the restaurant on 3 different occasions and every time I call the manager is not in . I feel violated , mediocre service and tasteless sushi is one thing , but  stealing is totally unacceptable.  Please BEWARE I would hate for this to happen to anyone else .....
I will never eat at this place again .........Not even close to good chinese take-out.  Terrible food, over-priced, took 1 hour to get here.
Over-fried
Couldn't even stomach the food
No flavor
Spicy dish wasn't even close to spicy
Shrimp had a funky gulf taste
paid $30 to for a delivery meal where all I could stomach was the edamame, and even that was not the best.  
1 star for friendly delivery man and woman who took my order on the phoneI love to come here whenever I crave sushi on a late night. Hoshun closes  at 2am. You must try their HAMACHI KAMA n their Buddha belly roll.We really WANTED to like thus place, unfortunatly we could not. Two of us arrived at 8:15pm, waited 5 minutes to be seated by the hostess who was trapped by a very needy customer on the phone. Nice decor and looks clean and recently renovated. We ordered a water, a Miller Lite, and their Malbec. The Miller came back with a distasteful salty flavor on the tip. The manager kindly replaced it with a fresh one. For starters we ordered a spicy crawfish roll, an egg drop soup, and a miso soup. While the soup was a good sized portion, both were very bland and the roll was very poorly rolled. For our entrées, we ordered the pepper steak combination platter and the chicken and vegetables combination platter substituting sweet and sour sauce for the brown sauce. We both got shrimp fried rice, and the crab ragoon options. The pepper steak was okay, though nothing we couldn't get for have the price and equal quality at a cheap delivery place for $5. Similar with the chicken and vegetables. The rice tasted funky. No other word to describe the flavor other than funky. 
The only thing either of us enjoyed was the crab ragoon. I finally got my water when we asked for our boxes. (For $50, we were going to finish it, even if it was below par.)
While the service was great, the manager checked on us twice and our server delt with my questions without a blink, the service could not make up for the low quality of their food.
I have no intention of returning and do not recommend this to anyone.This is my favorite egg drop soup and fried rice in New Orleans. Those are my staples when I eat Chinese food, they're my comfort foods, and Hoshun has the best.My experiences here are always very strange. The happy hour specials are pretty good, and it is a great place to go if you have a large group. The service varies, but is generally okay, as does the quality of the food from dish to dish. It's a good late night place, and does have a LOT of variety, so if your party can't decide on where to go, this is a great compromise.Hoshun has 2 really big things going for it. It has a large menu and it's opend till 2. Great for industry workers. It has fairly easy, free parking, decent drink prices and I love Mick and his sister cynthia. Waiters are sometimes a miss. I have to be honest, but Mick is always there to fix any issue that might arise. Who am I kidding. I'm addicted to the place.Food is very good, but quite overpriced. The service is always poor. After a handful of meals from Hoshun*s I decided they no longer deserve my business.The food here is pretty good and you can find some familiar authentic Chinese dishes here. Some of them are not prepared in the most authentic way, but still very tasty nonetheless (i've eaten Chinese food all over the US and in China. They also have a very large selection on their menu even outside of Chinese food (i.e. Japanese), and the atmosphere is great... especially since they open late at night.I've been here many times after a long night since they don't close til 2 and am usually pretty satisfied. But yesterday, idk. I couldn't give them any more than 3 stars after my experience. 
Called to check if they had uni. They did. Hooray!
Came in. Ordered two uni sashimi, a large sake, and a mango sorbet. So beyond disappointed. Their uni had gone bad! And they still served it to us. Couldn't get the taste out of my mouth even after drinking the hot sake and swishing my mouth with water. So disgusting. They did take it off our bill though. That's why they get three stars instead of two. Lucky you.Try the cajun egg rolls!  Also the bar manager (I think his name was George) is amazing, so passionate about his job.Never a disappointment. I love the food and the atmosphere. Its dark and cozy inside too. Love it. Also the spring rolls an Lo Mien is delishThe food is pretty decent, especially in a city where options for Chinese are limited. But the service at this place leaves a lot to be desired. The turnover among staff is high (that's suspect right there). They are quick to tell you what you can't do. The servers and people who take the orders don't know the menu at all. Last night I was asked to hold on the phone, when I really couldn't, until the person taking the order could find the menu item I wanted. I've noticed when eating in that they don't know the menu either. And when I order take out, I usually come away with some additional item (that I'm charged for) that I didn't order. Once it was rice with an order Singapore (rice) noodles. Last night it was an extra container of XO sauce with the Green Beans with XO Sauce. Why???? From now on, I guess I have to start going through my order and checking it before I leave the restaurant, but so much for a quick in and out on a phone in order. Get it together, please.Kinda disappointed with my last visit. The crab Rangoon has always been good but that night, it tasted as if it was already cooked way before they were ordered, SUPER COLD. I got the chili chicken and it did not impress me. If it wasn't for the sauce, the dish would have been horrible, chicken had no flavor. The worst part was The waiter. He was HORRIBLE. He kept forgetting to bring us stuff, he didn't check on us much, and after getting either the drinks or food.. you didn't see him for a while. He gave us our check and when we held it up , he walked right passed. He never came back, we ended up leaving cash and reluctantly giving a tip because we just wanted to leave. When we walked outside, we saw the waiter on the side of the building smoking. Safe to say I don't care to go there anytime soon.I order from Hoshun all the time. It's always good. Ian and I have had everything on the menu and we are never disappointed. Delivery is always fast too!  Make sure to ask for extra wontons though if you get soup and they always give you extra fortune cookies if you ask! :-)I have been to Hoshun's twice since I moved to New Orleans late February and I can't wait until my next visit. 
George was working the bar during my first visit.  He is very nice and keeps up with the regulars.  He won't say anything bad about a menu item though, so if you ask him his opinion just be aware.  I ordered the Cajun Egg Rolls and Hoshun's Treasure (specialty roll).  The egg rolls weren't amazing- I guess that's how it goes with some novelty food items... at least I can say I had an egg roll with gator in it :)  The roll, however, was superb.  I had ordered another regular roll so I had leftovers to box at the end of the meal, and was pleased that George was happy to also get me spicy mayo and eel sauce to go.  Great service.  Also, nice big tv next to the bar- it was so much fun watching the Hornets beat the Lakers.
My second visit was just as enjoyable.  Basketball game was on tv and there was a very nice bartender who was genuinely concerned as to whether my friend and I liked the way our bloody mary's were made.  Ordered the Hoshun's Treasure again and it was even better than I remembered it.  It was one of those rare moments when I actually stop and try to focus simply on the food I am eating and nothing else.  I doubt I could ever go back and NOT order Hoshun's Treasure. 
The food, service, atmosphere, and company are all great, but at a price.  My favorite roll I was just raving about costs $14.50, but in my opinion it is absolutely worth it.  My next visit may be sooner than I had anticipated- recounting my visits has made me hungry!I just got out of work (I am a bartender) and also grew up in the biz.... I sat alone in the bar in a very comfy booth. The bartender waited on me made me a fabulous Cosmo and he gave me great fast service.  The food was hot and amazing. Always a great choice!!"Un-authentic, lack of soulfulness, savory."  Beyond wasting good because the chef didn't put any heart into it was the insult of charging me for tea and bring out oolong in a cup with a tea bag. Take note,  you give a pot.l if you truly know anything about Asians.  I ordered steak reduced L'Orange and was completely disappointed. I thought it was animal feed.  They fried the actual steak and killed all the flavor of the meat with a batter coated from the outside. Visually the dish was a pig mess. I sent it back. I felt insulted that food was wasted. Medium rare came out as medium. I left hungry.Came to this place because a dealer at harrahs convinced me that this place would have the best Asian style duck in town.   I didn't think so. 
The hot and sour soup was decent. Mine was cold had to send it back for reheating
The chicken wings were pretty good.  
Healthy veggies dish was drenched in sauce.  Not healthy or delicious 
We got the steamed red snapper which was pretty good.  It's what's giving this place a 2 star instead of a 1 star. 
We got two sushi rolls which were both not good.
The place is nice and has lots of seating.  
Will never come back here.The pho was very good- until I found a bug in it. Luckily they refunded us the meal. No way was I going to pay for bug soup. Otherwise, the people I was with said the fried rice and kung pao chicken was very good. Avoid the pho if you can help it!!!Food is a 3 but service at the bar (where I always eat) combined with being open late gives it an extra star. Can be a bit on the pricey side.Over priced for the quality and inconsistency of the food. Live nearby and usually ordered from Hoshun as a "treat". It has been a hit or miss and with this last meal, I will never eat at this place again. Ordered two dinner combos to go, the shrimp fried rice had two shrimp between the two meals. It usually comes packed with vegetables and this time it was literally fried rice and scrambled egg slopped into a to go tray. The general tso chicken was covered in barbecue sauce? No idea but it was no good! This restaurant compared to other Asian restaurants is significantly more expensive therefore expectations were higher. We called to ask if they changed cooks or recipes and the response was very rude.
Lets just say this was an extremely disappointing meal, and to top it off they forgot the fortune cookies :( Don't waste your time.Yay!  I finally got to try Hoshun.  It's appropriate that this is my 200th review, because I love sushi so much and have been wanting to try this place forever.
So, last night, the sushi craving hit, and my friend suggested we go to Hoshun, since they are open a little later, and sometimes you don't always want a burger.
I loved that the Miso soup comes with those little crunchy things with it.  I know there must be a technical term for them (wonton?), but to me they are "crunchy things".  It's just a nice little change of pace, from the typical bowl of soup.
We just ordered rolls and we got a crunchy roll, a tuna roll, a philly roll and a special roll, that I can't remember that name of, but it came out in foil that was lit on fire.  Impressive.  I really liked the rolls.  I think it would be pretty hard to mess up a tuna roll, but you never know.  I would love to go back and try the sashimi, since that's my favorite.
I loved the atmosphere of the place.  Like Hana, you can tell they really put thought into the decor and wanted the restuarant  to have a certain feel.  Mission: Accomplished.
I would definitely go back, but I think my late night spot for sushi is still Little Tokyo on Carrolton, just because the prices are a little less expensive.I've always enjoyed the food here, friendly staff, everything comes out in a decent (more on the quick side actually) amount of time, and pricing is average... Not sure why the average review is 3 stars. 
Take that stick out of your butt, NO people.Went as part of our anniversary weekend trip, and really enjoyed this place. Hip and cool atmosphere. I enjoyed the miso soup with big pieces of seaweed & tofu & hubby loved the hot  & sour soup. I adored the seafood chow fan (lots of big juicy shrimp, calamari, & fish with veggies in a brown sauce) & hubby had beef chow fan, both excellent and huge portions, affordable prices. Close walking distance from our hotel was also a plus. Hope to visit again one day and try the sushi.There food is so good and at a great price. They also have this very cute guy working there named phung! Everything is just tremendous over there and for dessert, you should really try the mango sorbet. The great part is that they opened till 2am ya heard me.When I think of Hoshun I can not think of anything negative. 
Every time I have been here the service and food has been amazing!
It has a great location with parking in the back, open until 2:00am, a huge menu, friendly staff and food is inexpensive and delicious! 
One thing I look for in a restaurant is consistency and Hoshun has yet to disappoint me.Probably my favorite New Orleans restaurant.
I love that this place is open till 2 AM every night. And I love that they don't make me fill out the stupid sushi check-list that every other Japanese place does. Don't make me do homework while I'm trying to eat.
Hoshun is so flexible. You can have a quiet romantic dinner on one side of the restaurant while a group of college students are having a crazy night out in the bar area. Everyone's happy.
Order the Playboy roll. They light it on fire at the table. ON FIRE.An hour and fifteen minutes to get an order for one!!!  I recommend Burger King over this place!  Nothing special once I finally got my order. Being a foodie this place did nothing but disappoint to me. New Orleans you let me down!Wonderful service and amazing staff.  Very fresh food!  The sweet and sour pork dish is the best I have ever had in my life! You must try this restaurant !WOW! I had the BEST CHINESE FOOD ever in the city of New Orleans last night, and I am a Chinese who is always skeptical about what good Chinese food is in America. Authentic taste, high quality, good portion, great selections, nice nice ambience, great services, inexpensive price, convenient location and easy parking,  what else one can ask for? We tried the Spicy Fish Filet, Singapore Noodles, Thai Beef Salad, and Mapo Tofu and they are all so good and could be considered excellent in a top restaurant in Beijing! BEST, BEST, BEST, BEST, and I am so happy. Thank you Hoshun!!I love the dark atmosphere, especially at night.  It's been a while since I've dined there, but the Chinese food they serve is the best I've had! The Goo Loo Pork is probably my favorite kind of flavored meat, and lightly fried, the way a quality restaurant should.  Their bbq chicken appetizer is also very good.  My gf has gotten their Eggplant on several occasions, and absolutely loves it.  They seem to serve quality dishes from the over 5 times I've eaten there or ordered take-out.  Also really nice they're open until 2am.Hoshun is my favorite restaurant in town, because this is the only place I can go after work at midnight and their foods are always good. Best service also.Great lunch specials. Delicious Miso Soup!!!! The crispy wontons that come with the soup are crispity and crunchety!
I usually get the fried chicken with the General's sauce. I ask for a little kick. Without the kick it is a bit too sweet for my taste. Super fast, good lunch for under ten bucks.My favorite late night spot!! Fast service, friendly staff and a ton of variety on the menu!I went the other day with a couple of friends. While the food was good, not send out at the same time but it was good, I then went to use the bathroom and they were bad. As a fellow server, I believe its important to keep your bathroom clean. Understand a restaurant being busy and maybe forgetting a day, but this hasn't been done in a long time.Amazing food,  an ambience. I enjoyed every bite.
The fused cuisine makes great selections hard to choose from. My server Darrin gave excellent  service, Made exceptional choices and was extremely helpful. It's very quiet and elegant at night. its Perfect for confused and indecisive women who can't make choices on what they wanna eat. This place is highly recommended on my Behalf. ENJOYGood place to get-together. Romantic atmosphere, dim, comfy. The food was great, the rolls were fresh. A little pricy, but justifyably so.Hi,
My guests and I were stopped at your doors by security on February 8, 2016 at approximately 9:45p; including, six adults and one child. We were told to wait for staff to check the availability of seating. While waiting two people were allowed in the restaurant on two occasions, both being male and female, respectively. After waiting approximately 10 minutes, Stephanie informed my guests and I that it would be 45 minutes. Stephanie was asked, "Do we have to wait outside or could we wait inside?". Stephanie didn't answer then told us to wait. After a few minutes, one of my guests open the doors to view the waiting capacity. The waiting area was empty. Shortly after, Stephanie came back and told us we would have to wait outside. I informed Stephanie that the waiting area was empty. Stephanie denied our access to the waiting area. We decided that we would not patronize your business if we were forced to wait outside. Stephanie was asked her name, Stephanie yelled her name with her hands adjacent to her lips, while I was standing in close proximity. After stating her name, Stephanie added, "Yeah go tell, I'm the manager". As I proceeded to walk to my car, while walking on the right side of the restaurant, the empty waiting was visible, as well as, three empty booths.
I have visited your restaurant many times and haven't been subjected to such descrimination. I am very disappointed at Stephanie's antics and will not patronize your restaurant thus far.
Regards,
Terreca CatoI rolled into here with low expectations...most people I've talked to said Hoshun was generic and not very good but I can safely say that it wasn't too bad!
I believe the term would be Pan-Asian to describe Hoshun, stuck next to Zea Grill on one side and Sushi Brothers right across.  Don't park in the Brothers lot, b/c they will make you move your car.  Hoshun's parking lot is right behind the restaurant.
Anyhow, Hoshun Thai tea is served with half and half on the side.  So it looks like we get to mix it ourselves (more cleanup afterwards unfortunately).  I don't like Thai tea at all, so all I had was hot water.  I was impressed that our server gave me a whole tea pot full and grateful.
Five girls = lots of food.  The entrees are a bit on the upper expensive side (minimum $15) and luckily we only ordered two, the plum sauce pumpkin seeds Peking duck and pad Thai.  Majority of our food was appetizers and the portions were very generous!  Salt & Pepper calamari, ahi tuna salad, edamame, bbq pork, and a Hot & Sour soup.
The duck was amazing, crisp skin and very good plum sauce served with pumpkin seeds on top.  It seemed random with the seeds, but the duck was excellent.  The pad thai was standard, if anything it had a bit of a tomato-ketchup taste.  The calamari was burnt on some pieces, but it was tender and salty and somewhat spicy.  Ahi tuna salad was good, edamame is just edamame, but the BBQ pork was really delicious.  It tastes exactly like HK style and was super fragrant.  
We ordered enough appetizers to have leftovers and the bill only came out to $90!  Extremely generous was our server and we in turn left super happy and satiated.  
And Courtney is right, the upstairs definitely caters to parties.  In fact, one of my gfs had her birthday party upstairs, Las Vegas themed and it looked fantastic!  
Huge props for opening till 2 am every day!A great fall back option when plan fall through. We sat at the bar and ordered, the place was not crowded. We ordered the miso soup which i would not reccomend, it wasn't nasty, it just wasn't the miso soup i was expecting. We ordered the usual calamari, its good and was seasoned well with the peppers. We also ordered the Bhudda Belly Roll always a favorite you can count on. Our drinks were a cosmo and I believe the lemonade something. The drinks were good and strong, that's probably why we don't remember what we ordered.I like going here for happy hour when the price for certain sushi is really reasonable.  :)  I also like sitting at the sushi bar where I can chat with the awesome sushi chefs.  They're really nice and personable.  
Do try the seared ahi tuna salad!  It is spectacular.I have to give this place a solid 4. The 2 times we came here the food was pretty good. The service both times was great. Tonight our food came out really fast. This place also stays open late. 
I was a little disappointed that this place doesn't have a ramen dish, but maybe they will add it to the menu eventually.If there's anything worse than bad food, it's inconsistent-quality food. You get your hopes up for a dish because it tasted good or even decent the last time around, only to order the same thing on your next visit and have it tasted like complete crap. Not only did you have to eat bad food, but you almost feel like you got tricked into ordering something.
That pretty much sums up revisits to Hoshun.
The first pad thai I had from them was actually pretty good with only the shortness of the noodles giving me pause. I have no idea what they served me the most recent time I ordered the dish, but it definitely wasn't pad thai. It was soaked in some type of tomato sauce and tasted more like Italian pasta.
The first order of pot-stickers I ever got at least gave off the illusion that they were made in-house. They tasted good with a nice thin skin, so at the very least they made an effort to purchase the best frozen dumplings.  It's like they didn't even bother trying to mask their attempts to cut back on food costs this time. The pot-stickers were those that you would get ordering from a fast-food Chinese take-out spot, with the ridiculously thick skins and mashed-up meat. I've bought the same kind before from a frozen food isle. They're cheap for a reason.
I could go on, but I think you get my drift. We'll probably end up going there again because of the hours, but this was a hugely disappointing experience. At least our server did a good job.Order food for delivery at 10:25pm. One hour later i called to verify my order. The girl on a phone answered that its some kind of accident and my order will be in 15 min later. Called back again at 11:58pm to cancel it coz i was very hungry to wait more. Irresponible deliveey service!This was the most average food I have ever spent the time to consume. The sushi was bland and haphazardly wrapped.  The sauce on the broccoli and beef was tasteless.  The food was filling, and that's all I can say. You can do better in the Garden District.Everything was very good. We had the crab rangoons as an appetizer , miso soup, streetcar roll and rock and roll. Our food came out to be delicious and fast being with 5+ people and I like that it's open late for the night owls. No complaints over hereNot overly impressed.  Waited at the door for 5-10 minutes waiting to be acknowledged so that we could be seated. Great service until the waitress started getting busy. The restaurant had only 1 server for a Sunday lunch!!  Crunchy and spicy tuna rolls were good. Not impressed with the uptown roll. It was soggy. Pad Thai was mediocre. Wanted a refill of my iced tea to go, they advised that I would need to pay for another drink!! Never heard of this practice being done in other restaurants.  Won't be back.I absolutely love Hoshun. I have been eating here for more than 4 years. When I was a French quarter service industry worker I loved it because it was open late. When I was pregnant, all I wanted to eat was miso soup and edamame and ate there almost every day. Never had a bad experience in all this time. The reason I chose this time to write a review is because the staff went above and beyond for me. My 2 year old and I both have the flu and I wanted to get some miso soup and edamame on the way home from our long visit to children's hospital. I didn't want to bring her inside and I didn't feel right leaving her alone in a locked car in front while I grabbed our to go order. I explained my situation to the to go person and he happily brought my food out to the car, something he really didn't have to do on a busy Saturday night. I greatly appreciate this gesture and wish I had gotten his name. Btw, I realize they have delivery, but I live too far.I have never eaten at the restaurant, but I order delivery from them all the time. This place rocks...great food, fast service. I am addicted.Searching for food at 1:30 am after being at a concert for hours, starved on top of that is no fun. So after doing some quick yelping we found this place. Since we were already those jerks that walked in 15 minutes before closing, we tried to make this experience as pain free and quick as possible for the waitstaff who I'm sure were more than ready to go home. 
I ordered a crunchy roll and my husband ordered chicken and shrimp pad Thai. Both came out in less than five mins after we ordered which is a little scary but hey no complaints from over here. Sushi was pretty bad but once again it was close to closing so I didn't expect much. Pad Thai was fairly decent. Not the best by any means but not the worst either. Wait staff made us feel comfortable and we didn't feel rushed at all. And we managed to set a restaurant record for ourselves, in and out in 15 minutes woo hoo! 
Overall if I'm ever in search of late night food, I would give this place a go and try different menu items.Came here at 11pm, staff really nice and place is very clean.  The play boy roll and belly roll I would order again. Delicious.First timer! Love the crawfish,avacado roll (FAE LOW ) with saki! 
Must order spicy Mayonnaise and soy sauce.Inconsistent seems to be the best way to describe this place.  They seem to attempt to be all things to all people and don't do all things well.  I've had some good dishes here and then I've also had terrible food served to me.  They also do sushi here which can be variable from good to less so.  They just have such an ambitious menu covering so many things that it is hard for them to execute everything well.  The building and interior of this place are modern and clean which are aspects that don't always exactly blend in that well with St. Charles Ave. but it is tolerable for what it is.  The best thing about this place is that gets them an extra star bump is that they have later hours so you can find something to eat when many other places are closed.  Tolerably average is the best way to sum this place up.Yeah they spread the Asian out.  Pan Asian I believe?  But I've been coming here for years and have hardly ever been disappointed.  Their Crab Rangoons are the best Ive ever had.  I love the Coconut Curry soup. Ask for extra spicy if you like it that way,  as I do.  Seared Ahi Tuna salad,  bomb. Combo platters, can't go wrong. As far as the sushi,  they have a decent 3 roll special for their basic rolls.  They're specialty rolls are a little exspensive for my taste but they sound good.  Nice atmosphere. Great happy hour,  and clean bathrooms! (Which is always a good sign). And they're open till 2 am.... Awesome!I've been here many times and I'm always given great service and good food. Ive had various rolls and dinner selections. I love their Saigon salad. I don't favor one roll over another so I can't suggest which is the best. Our waiters/ress have always been prompt.I thought their food was amazing! especially for being a place that has Thai, Japanese, Chinese, and Vietnamese food. My brother had the fried rice- which being a connoisseur of- thought it was the BEST in town! It didnt have cubed carrots or peas, or yellow rice. it was totally the real deal. Also I had the spicy tuna salad- so good! and their calamari was BOMB! I recommend this place when youre craving ANYTHING asian!The snow crab salad was good but the shrimp and vegetables taste like boiled soup water no flavor.  If it was for the hunger headache wouldn't have ate as much as I did.  VeryI've been coming here for a few years now I have to ask... What happened?
Changed owners, cooks?? We ate here Friday night and it was awful, the crab stick and shrimp rolls had no crab in them, the lettuce in them was brown, they don't have peanut sauce, REALLY?  I'm not one to complain but I just had to tell our servers about them, they didn't apologize or take it off our bill. The sushi that night tasted like it had been sitting out for hours, I've never seen tuna that color  . We ordered three rolls and probably ate two pieces of each and asked for a to go box. Well... Guess what the box had a little curly hair in it! YUK!! So when I asked for another box, she saw the hair and laughed and proceeded to get me another box. She Didn't apologize. 
Hoshun, you have lost a customer and I will definitely pass on my experience to many others. What a shameI have to admit, I was super impressed with my experience at Hoshun. A large group of us walked in from the rain during the parades and asked the hostess for a table to accomodate between 11 and 15 people. After a short wait, we were brought to a beautiful, comfortably large table, set, with waters already waiting for everyone. The server was incredibly efficient and super friendly.
As for food, everyone enjoyed what they ordered, and that ranged across pretty much the whole menu. I personally found the crab rangoons to be fantastic, as well as the mochi ice cream. For dinner, I ordered the Playboy Roll, which is engulfed in fire at the table. While the presentation is fantastic, I did not particularly enjoy the smoky aftertaste that was left on the roll. However, I knew it was set on fire when I ordered it, so I probably should have expected that flavor.
The most spectacular part of my experience was the drinks. Their sake was super affordable and perfect for people to split, so we ordered several bottles. I tried their most popular unfiltered sake as well as their only hot sake. After meeting the man responsible for the drink menu, he recommended mixing the hot sake with a shot of midori, and sent some out prepared as such for the group to try. The Midori emphasized the fruity flavor without overpowering the familiar taste of sake. Finally, for dessert, I ordered the Chocolate Mint Dessert Martini. Most of the table seemed to think it tasted just like a tootsie roll, I personally thought it was exactly like an Andes mint. Either way, it was delicious.
I will definitely be returning to Hoshun more often.I have been going to Hoshun for years!  I love this place, especially because I know the food will always be amazing and delicious.  My favorite meal is the coconut curry soup with tofu!  The music is always upbeat and the atmosphere is great.   
The only reason why I didn't give five stars is because some of the servers need to be more well-versed on the menu and maybe write stuff down!I'm a firm believer that too much fusion means for mediocrity across the board. Hoshun promises Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, and even Thai food. Despite four pages of menu options, only the sushi appealed to me (there is one single vegetarian option on the menu: a rather pedestrian sounding vegetables in brown sauce dish).
Then there's the *con*fusion. I mean, deep fried Chinese noodles served alongside miso soup... have you ever? I chalked it off to purely unintentional camp. That said, the miso soup is really damn good, not fishy tasting like other miso soups I've had, as traditionally there is some bonito (fish) stock involved in the making. 
I went with my gut and ignored the other regional cuisines and had my sushi usual- avocado cucumber roll, which was done right, although jeez, could they spare a couple more sesame seeds on the rice? My plate happened to be sans ginger/wasabi. Sure, sure, I could have shared my guy's, but I happen to typically eat all the ginger that comes with. Also, I know that's a huge no-no in any place that takes their sushi seriously. When I worked in an authentic Japanese restaurant, if I accidentally grabbed a sushi plate off the bar before the chef had garnished it, he would really freak out, so I learned quick. 
Luckily Hoshun's staff is really great and attentive, so I received a small dish of the missing gingerwasabi right quick, despite it being a busy night, and despite the fact that they had the bartender waiting tables in between shaking up tons of girly girl martinis for the table of 20 next to us. Oh and add me to the annoying martini orders. Two lychee martinis. I couldn't resist! Props to George. He rocked it last night.
With a fair number of non fushion Japanese options in town, I think I'd probably hit up Hoshun when I'm dying to eat something that's not a sandwich after 11pm. 
I will say I probably would have given 4 stars if I had eaten here between 11pm and 2am (gotta love the late hours they sport!) Otherwise, that menu needs some help, i.e. editing, I think. They really americanize everything-- even the sushi names are in English. Most of us know sushi by the Japanese word (toro, unagi, kappa, tekka etc.) My boyfriend was actually thrown off to the point where he didn't even know what to order. Funny, but true! Again, I'll bring up the issue with serving Chinese fried noodles with the soup. That's not authentically Chinese, but authentically Chinese for Americans (I'm kind of surprised they don't have Chicken Chow Mein on the menu). Believe me, I am not implying I'm up for eating authentic Chinese delicacies either, but some balance would be cool.  As such, the restaurant feels a bit dated. Sure in the first half of the century, Americans flocked to Chop Suey joints, thinking they were eating exotic foods of "The Orient," but I think we've evolved since then. Give us some credit, Hoshun!Okay, 
So this an update on this place. I orginally wrote a 4-star review for Hoshun expressing my happiness with the place. I still think they have many great dishes. However---I do not appreciate their customer service, especially as someone who was loyal for such a long time. I've dined in several times and I've had delivery many other times. 
All of a sudden after getting delivery so many times, the people in there are telling me they can't deliver to my place. At first I was told they couldn't deliver during dinner because it was busy. So I tried again for lunch, and even though the manager admitted it was not busy, he said he could not deliver to me. FYI--- I am a great tipper-- I've worked in the serving industry and I always tip well over 20%.  This is really silly, especially during lunch. In the past, it was only a 10-minute drive for the delivery person to get to my place accordng to the driver--- New Orleans isn't that big, especially when there's no traffic. I can understand not delivering here during dinner-- but when it's lunch and it's dead as the manager admitted, I don't understand the issue. What made me the most upset wasn't even that he said he was not going to deliver to me, but when I asked that he please reconsider the policy and talk to the owners for the future-- he just continued to shut me down. I called again soon after talking to him to tell him that he had lost a customer, and he made it seem like he suddenly cared but I simply don't buy it. This is the kind of establishment that figures that they get enough people in there so they they don't care about regulars--- and this is the kind of place that I don't want my hard earned money going to. Their behavior indicates that they do not care about the people who spend their money in their establishment and so-- very sadly-- my relationship with Hoshun is over. 
I'm not telling others not to eat there because the food is good. But I'm no longer going to go on and on about the greatness of this place. Customer service is a huge reason why Americans eat out, it's the reason we have high tipping percentages, and it's a culture embedded in good service. Don't get me wrong, I think establishments should have the right to refuse service to people who are awful and cause trouble, but they should not do this to  people who have been good to them. 
So... Meh. I've experienced way better service that went along with the food.Atmosphere:  good, almost too quiet.  It was very slow, which I guess I probably should have thought about before deciding to eat here.  Still, clean and comfortable, dimly lit but not unpleasant.
Service was really good.  We had a large party, and they normally do not split checks for groups of more than five, but she accommodated us and split the check up.  So that was nice.  The food was brought out promptly and it was hot.
Food is where Hoshun falls flat, which is really sad.  The lunch deals and prices in general were good but the food...meh.  Okay, the egg drop soup was pretty tasty.  I liked that.  The Thai iced tea was also good.  But the chicken fried rice was just not good.  The rice was kind of...I don't know.  It didn't taste like fried rice.  It was kind of gummy and overcooked.  And the chicken tasted almost canned, too soft and flavorless.  Some of my friends liked their food, but the sweet and sour chicken was not well received.My husband and I have eaten here several times and it's very good.  Food always taste fresh and the atmosphere is nice.Hoshun has a wide-variety of Asian food from Japanese to Chinese to Vietnamese. Their menu is seriously HUGE. With that being said, I find their quality food not as good as other Asian restaurants. I got their Pho, which was good, but I thought Pho Nola and Mopho are better. 
I do like that they're open late though. Usually when I get hungry late at night, it's either bar food or food trucks for me. It's nice to have a classier option to choose from. 
Also, for being on such a busy street (St. Charles) where parking is usually very limited, I do like that they have a parking lot behind the building.We had high hopes for this place based on the recommendation from a dealer at Harrah's casino. He really sold us on the pumpkin seed duck.
This place turned out to be a pretty Americanized Chinese restaurant. I'm not even sure you can call it Chinese since it's a hybrid that serves sushi, pho, pad Thai, and udon in addition to Chinese food. 
The only saving grace was the whole steamed red snapper which was really good. 
It's also open until 2am.I ordered delivery and was pleasantly surprised when food was delivered 25 minutes later at 7:30 on a Friday night!  Can't beat that.  The prices are a bit high, but I am quite aware of that before I order.  I highly recommend the Cajun Spring rolls if you like spicy food!  I am a fan.  Sushi roll is adequate, I didn't order anything spectacular.Although I gave passed by this restaurant a zillion times, I had never been in there until last night. They had a late night happy hour from 10-1.... The srevice was awesome (Jennifer was her name I think).... The food was great, service awesome and the place is immaculate . ..... I recommend itI love that they are open super late, I can not say that enough.
I loved the idea of their creative sushi roll deal - 3 select rolls for $15. (Dinner)
However...
I am a Mid City dweller, where there are a couple of good sushi options. However, a co-worker recommend this place and it was about 10:30 pm so I took the risk. 
Service was spotty but friendly. I asked three times for a lemon for my water, and after the third time I was given a bowl full of lemon slices.
***This reminded me of one of Ellen's stand up skits about how people push the elevator button a bunch of times as if the elevator will be convinced that there are a lot of people waiting, and the elevator will move faster to get to you "OMG there are 30 people waiting I better get moving".***
I ordered the three sushi roll deal- Philadelphia Roll, Cali Roll, and Crawfish Roll. Wifey ordered the Udon and I ordered the General Tso Combo plate.
The sushi roll deal sounded awesome, but when the sushi rolls came they were really, I mean REALLY small and lacking. They were like miniature sushi rolls. It's not a deal if you are getting miniature rolls and there is no indication of this on the menu. 
Plus, if you go, you will have to smuggle in your own regular soy sauce as they only have low-sodium soy sauce in the entire place. 
The Udon was not at all what my wife was expecting. Seriously. She was really unhappy with it and didn't eat more than three bites. She commented that it was just leftover mixed vegetables and some random, unidentifiable sauce which made it taste like crappy stir-fried vegetables that just happened to have some Udon noodles thrown in. If you are expecting the traditional Japanese Udon dish that you like, don't order this. Seriously.
Lastly, the General Tso was, like the Udon, not at all what I was expecting. I like that they used all white meat, but the flavor was all wrong, and I wouldn't call it General Tso at all. The sauce was not the standard Tso sauce but instead basically a sweet chili dipping sauce poured all over the chicken pieces. General Tso is supposed to be a dark, sweet and sticky sauce of American-Chinese deliciousness. This just wasn't that dish at all.  
$50 + later and I will not be coming back. The food was not what it said it was on the menu, and it was definitely not worth the price. Basically, it's crappy Chinese food at best, no matter what the menu item is called.Clean, fast service, and comfortable atmosphere. Get a combinatiom plate that includes an entree, fried rice, eggroll or rangoon, and soup for about $12. The food was yummy and it came out to our table fairly quickly. Keep in mind though, that this was at 8:30 on a Wednesday. In this context, 3 stars is really satisfying and a great value for the money (no complaints), but its not anything to get crazy about. It's like a neighborhood restaurant, nothing spectacular. Does have a full bar, and a nice selection of wines.
However my friend that I went with loves this place and keeps coming back for more! So to be fair, I will say that I definitely not have experienced all this place has to offer, and I look forward to updating my review if I have any return visits. I would not be against recommending it to others also.great menu, great food, nice servers, and the decor is pretty and overall a pleasant visual and tasting experience but the music sucks so bad i will not return. management was uninterested in turning down the iggy fucking azalea and it does not lend to the chinese restaurant experienceThey say, "Jack of all trades, master of none," and that more often than not applies to Asian restaurants that try to cover too many types of Asian food, but that is definitely not the case with Hoshun.  Hoshun's chef takes pride in his take on Asian cuisine and it shows.
The Chinese items are clearly cooked to order.  Many Chinese restaurants rely on pre-made sauces that are gooped on as the nondescript meat and vegetables are cooked up.  That's not the case here.  Everything that comes out of the kitchen is exceedingly fresh.  I used to sing the praises of Five Happiness's hot and sour soup as the best in town, but Hoshun has Five Happiness beat in every respect, including the hot and sour soup.  
In addition to some great soups, the appetizer menu features some jalapenos stuffed with crab, crawfish and cream cheese called J-shun pops, I believe.  They are absolutely wonderful.  They also feature a Thai chili-beef salad that is out of this world, one of the best salads I have ever eaten.  And as for the sushi, Hoshun's sushi bar can hold its own against the better sushi bars in town.  The happy hour specials include $1 nigiri, which for anyone with poor impulse control like me is a god-send.  I've ordered the chirashi on more than one occasion, and the presentation is different than many places where the sashimi is placed atop a large bowl of rice.  Aesthetically, it's one of the most striking plates of food I've ever seen in a restaurant.  
Hoshun also has very reasonable lunch specials and offers delivery.  All in all, there's not much to not like about Hoshun.They need to decide on what type of Asian cuisine they want to offer. They have such bloated menu that some of the dishes were not consistent. We went one late night and we decided we get sushi but nothing was special and then came back again to try other dish but again I can make better stir fry noodles at home.Placed orders for delivery to Touro hospital. Restaurant will not take two forms of payment over the phone smh. We got the vegetable and shrimp tempura ughhh. Can we say BLAND and the sauce to accompany it had no flavor as well. Warning stay away from the tempura unless you like fried tasteless food. BlahA friend and I came late night after I landed at the NO airport at 10:30pm starving. and ordered a roll that was lit on fire, I think it was called a Phoenix roll or something we also got a seaweed salad (huge portion!), spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, and a salmon/avocado roll. We enjoyed our meal and our server(the bartender guy) was pretty cool and nice. He had a pretty full/busy section going on and while service wasn't full on perfect, I wasn't expecting it to be given it was midnight and he had something like 15 tables by himself. I'd come back for some late night foods anytime.The food is good but it's a love hate relationship. I allways order delivery and it takes way to long. Besides that i have to deal with the bipolar attitude and flip flipping of whether are not they deliver to my location. (They do deliver to my area. They always do). Being placed on hold for extended amounts of time is another issue. The only things they have going for them is that the food is good and they stay open late.Love this place, sushi roll combo is the best, hot an sour soup os delicious as well as all the sushi rolls, and i love that they have an option for brown rice on sushi. Huge seating areas good atmosphere, friendly wait staff and the fact they are open until 2am is pure genius.Large portions,  string drinks. That about sums it up for Hoshun. The lunch menu should bear a warning that says a nap is sure to follow!  I ordered a chicken dish similar to general jo and had the calamari. Although I didn't necessarily love the flavor of the calamari,  it was fried perfectly and extremely large portions. Hoshun is a good restaurant to go to for a satisfying meal. Maybe not the best but definitely not the worst.Damn right Im a fan.
A bit skeptical about another chinese/sushi restaurant, I almost didnt come but said ok--it's been 9 months, time to see if they have worked out all their 'new opening' problems.
The decor is nice.  Cant complain about your butt hurting from sitting on a hard chair. 
There is a wine and sake list.   Ask for a sushi menu if you want one otherwise you will get just a menu that has chinese and vietnamese food on there.
Our server was great.  A transplant to New Orleans from the West Coast and working stints in the movie industry, he was genuinely friendly and checked on us without seeming like he was hovering over us.
We ordered the 5 pepper calamari which is a MUST if you come.  Watch out for the jalapeno peppers that are sprinkled around the calamari.  Wonderful and came out hot---I like my food to come out hot as soon as it's ready.  I dont care if the appetizer or the salad or soup comes out first.  Bring me my food hot.
Anyways that was an appetizer, but it was off the chain yall---I was dreaming about that calamari last night and that means Im going back soon for it.  Maybe during happy hour(which is 3-6), Ill come in just for that and sling back some sake while Im at.
For our main course my compadre and I shared the softshell crab dish, we shouldve told the server to make it spicy because we like it hot like dat.  It came out deep fried on top of softly stir fried vegetables complete with a dark reduction sauce -- watch out for the whole chili peppers in the sauce.
We also had a sashimi appetizer, huge chunks of sashimi.  For all you whiners who dont like chunks and would rather have them thin, tell your server that you want your sashimi sliced thin and not chunked that way you wont have a fit when you do receive your food.
Usually I eat dessert, but this time I had to be rolled out of the door after eating so much.
We took a tour of the building and it seems there are plans for a banquet room on the 2nd floor and the possibility of having a club on the 3rd floor.  All great ideas because the view from up above on that 4th and 3rd floor is beautiful at night.  Windows all around.  The club plans are in the "TALKS" so please do not mark my word for it---sometimes investors dont follow up and business deals go sour.  
There is parking in the rear, families and vegetarians are welcomed--they accomodate special needs if you arent a carnivore.
Cash and credit card are welcome but checks are not.
If you want to take your date somewhere cool go to Hoshun---they open til 2AM/7 days a week.Came through here with a group of friends because the exterior looked cool and Asian food sounded good at the time. We tried a variety of things, and it was all pretty good. Ordered a playboy roll because it involved fire, which was cool. I also had the plum duck which was quite good.Miso soup was lukewarm but the sushi and fried rice were great. Service was good on a busy night after a parade. Great late night spot.great sake selection, manager came out to recommend some sake, very nice atmosphere. Good food, everything was perfect.For me consistency is an important aspect when rating a restaurant! 
Food - 4 stars for the first visit & 3 stars for the second visit. 
Service - 3 stars for the first visit & 1 star for the LAST visit. As in I won't go there again. It's obvious that Hoshun doesn't train their staff to provide consistent good service. Our waiter argued with a person in our party of 5, and then came back and went out of his way to tell her she was mistaken and wrong. He could have simply said I'm not sure why we don't serve that dish anymore or said nothing at all. 
Ambience - nice looking place but look a little closer and you will see there's not much pride in ownership. 
Potential - 4 stars! Food was good enough with a somewhat authentic interior design. Focus should be on a friendlier wait staff.Good food. They have many Vegan options! 100% recommend the Mango Sorbet!! They do not make sweet tea only unsweet tea.Nice restaurant in New Orleans. Good service and employees. I came here on last Sunday night. Even though I came  before the closing-time 30 minutes. They were still willing to serve me with nice attitudes. I am sure I will be back!Great late night eats...try the orange peeled shrimp!!I like sushi. My lady likes fried rice. 
So Hoshun it is. 
Good things: Hoshun serves food that I like to eat. Their atmosphere is dark and sultry and sexy and intimate. 
Bad things: The lock on one of the stalls in the women's bathroom has been busted for close to 3 months, and it still hasn't been fixed. If the management hasn't noticed it by now, I take that as a bad sign. 
Mixed things: The service is always mixed. I've had servers who looked like they were jacked up on goof-balls, and I've had servers who were really great. I do have a favorite server, but she's not always on the floor when we go. At least they have paper ordering for the sushi now so I can get my rolls right instead of leaving it to someone else to half-ass. 
The clientele is completely different from Sushi Brothers across the street and I always feel much more welcome here so I think they're doing something right. 
Accessibility notes: Ramp and stairs to the front door. Space is dim so lip-reading may be a problem. No braille menu or signage. Most of the restaurant is fully accessible, but there is a step-up to one of the dining areas.My wife and I went here a couple weeks ago and thought it was fantastic.  You really can't beat the prices and selection during happy hour.  The only downfall is that happy hour ended during our visit.I was trying to grab some lunch across the street but when it was closed for lunch until their dinner service, I stumbled in here.  It was a pleasant alternative given that I was looking for sushi.  The food is good and the server was very friendly and funny.  A major plus is that they have a happy hour which I think goes from like 3 - 6pm.  For two of us, the price was only about 23 bucks that included 5 different rolls, a diet coke and a glass of wine.  Not bad!What I love about this resturant is that they open late. It's perfect for those late nights partying or grumpy stomachs. The menu had a variety of items from Chinese food to Vietnamese Pho to Japanese sushi and more. We stuck with the sashimi and rolls, and were not disappointed. We started with a seaweed salad then had the pepper tuna appetizer abd yellowtail and jalapeño appetizer; both delicious with good thick slices of fish. We ordered three rolls, Hoshun Treasure (good roll with cream cheese), Tiger, and Playboy, my favorite (they set the roll on fire at the table) with a sweet, creamy taste. What we enjoyed more was the dessert, which was on the house (shout out to our waiter, Johnny). A must try is the mango sorbet; frozen mango giving it a refreshing taste. The Mississippi Mud Cake was also good. All in all a must try place!Late-night delivery? Yeah they have that. Wide array of sushi? Yep they do that too. Killer happy hour deals? You'll find that here too. So why the four star instead of 5? In a word - consistency. While most of the time they do deliver, on the rare occasion, and there has been more than one issue with the consistency of the quality of product. Sometimes everything is stellar from start to finish and sometimes there's a missed mark on an old favorite. It wont' stop my from coming or ordering out late-night sushi, but I hope management addresses this issue.Ordered lunch to go and was very disappointed. I spent 58+ tip for food that looked old and dry. I had a rainbow roll and the actual roll was puney for 11$ it was as big around as wine cork:/ the fish on top looked   old and dried out. I was honestly scared to eat it. The tuna was a dark purple color i have never seen before and it smelled something awful. The ginger salad was slimy and the leafs were old. The egg drop soup was just okay. Would have liked to seen onions in it.  The only good part about it was the crab rangoons. Will not go back to this restaurant. Very disappointed... Fingers crossed i dont get sick...Ate here bc it was only a handful of restaurants open late night. Asian cuisine was ok, food nothing great. Good location and atmosphere, a little loud for the younger crowd and the bathroom was unkept. In NOLA, I go for the food which is why this place gets this rating.Have been here a few times and it's a decent restaurant. Big menu - Chinese, Vietnamese and Japanese. Pepper Calamari is delicious as well as other dishes but not a restaurant I would tell someone to seek out.So my girl got sent here by word of mouth as a place she should try. Turns out this place was good as hell nice atmosphere great food . If you love sushi you would love it too #MUSTTRYI come here every other week. It's a godsend for people who want to eat late but don't want po-boys or burgers. The service is slow but the food comes out fast. The Chinese food isn't the greatest but it is definitely above your local fast food delivery. The sushi is good and fresh - if you order in season. And it's a nice relaxing atmosphere to unwind after a long day of work. Also, sit at the bar or in the bar area when George is working. He's awesome and very, very cool.I thought it's a Japanese restaurant. They have Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese food. I ordered a sushi roll. It was ok. Very standard Americanized Japanese restaurant in New Orleans. Really nothing to wow about. All they have is low sodium soy sauce. I like the regular stuff.
Probably won't be coming back.The food is really good, but for the price there could be some improvements. Sweet and sour chicken was too sweet, it tasted almost like honey. The crab rangoons are the best and the fried calamari are a must.Without a doubt, the best Chinese food in the city. If I still lived in Boston I would rate this place less than 4 Stars because there is so much great Chinese up there. But for Nola it gets the only 4 Star rating for Chinese that I have had in this city. I cannot personally comment on the sushi (as I do not eat sushi), but everyone I have brought here loves it. The dragon roll is quite a sight! Everything on the Chinese side of the menu gets double thumbs up from me!!! Enjoy!!!Party of 4 came here before a concert because Little Korea was closed and we didn't know (if you are reading this, they are closed on Tuesdays lol) 
We were seated quickly. Our service was meh. The food was alright. We ordered baked salmon and sizzlin' squid as apps- the baked salmon was literally a ball of crab mix (that was still cold on the inside) topped with a slice of salmon. I've never had it like that and I didn't like it. The sizzlin' squid was okay; it would have been better if the teriyaki sauce wasn't burnt lmao. The seaweed salad was basic and the snow crab salad was basically a deconstructed snow crab naruto lol. There wasn't much of a specialty rolls selection so we ordered snow crab naruto, Hoshun treasure, and a spicy crawfish roll. All of the rolls were decent, nothing special. The beef chow "fan" is pretty good though!Still haven't had anything but the sushi, still have been nothing but impressed. Being a creature of habit, I started with the seaweed salad and seafood martini. I got the Ichigo roll this time--very good. The only problem I consistently have at this and other sushi restaurants is the size of the rolls, this one included. When I picked up the first piece, i just held it in the air, trying to figure out how I was going to get that thing to fit into my mouth. There's no reason for that! Make it a manageable size! I ended up having to make it into 3 bites per piece & then dealing with everything falling out. Sometimes I wonder if other people's mouths are just larger, and along with my small hands I was cursed with an abnormally small mouth. I found myself wondering this each time I picked up a piece of the sushi. Anywhoo, I late night dined by the bar this time and the bartender/waiter was great. We took our sweet precious time between courses & after our meal with a few drinks & he always came up at the right time.If you want your girlfriend to be sexually harrassed by the delivery person, then by all means order food from here. "Damn girl looking fine" and "I love your tan lines" are completely unacceptable. Sushi was fine. Previous exeperinces dining in the restaurant I received a dirty plate and there was something floating in my water glass. Skip this place.I don't hand out 5 star reveiws wholesale, but Hoshun earns every star! From the friendly service, the relaxed atmosphere, and wonderfully prepared fresh menu items, I have found Hoshun a rich dining experience consistently. One of my favorites!I love dining here on a late Tuesday evening (service industry night). There's this cute lil Asian server that has the best attitude and service. My boyfriend and I get excited when she winds up being our server because we know we will get our food out asap! We also call her "super server" while she runs around all over the place. 
Ok, food wise...try their Thai Beef Salad!!! AMAZING! and i also love their playboy roll. weird presentation but awesomeness in your mouth. I love this place because they have brown rice for their rolls.My husband and I ate here recently for my birthday, after bringing friends here during Mardi Gras for sushi.  We started with the Sushi Trio which was very good.  I ordered the  Butter Pepper Mingon, which started with hot and sour soup, which was delicious.  The Pepper Mingon however was so salty I couldn't eat it; I tried some chili sauce on it before giving up.  My husband had a Trio, with chicken, prawns and steak in a brown sauce which was delicious, until he shared a piece of chicken with me; it was wrapped in a long hair!  We told our server, but didn't really want to complain again, as we did not come there for free food.  
The sushi was good, but came out quite quickly, I noticed; so maybe made ahead?
The service was good, but we won't be returning.I will say I have only been there once and I don't generally agree with grading someone on a one time visit. HOWEVER - it was the middle of the week and lunchtime
On St Charles so I would have thought service would be better. In addition, I could hear that couple next to me complain of the lack of service from the waitress (we were all seated at the sushi bar). It was quite sometime between visits by the waitress while the area seemed empty. 
For my experience, I felt the sushi bar chef was not attentive to those at the bar either. 
At best, the food was okay. Not horrible, not exceptional.I have been a loyal customer for years and just black listed this place last week. I ordered the Gou Lou Pork dish and every single piece of meat was burnt. The waitress never came to the table after she delivered the food so I was unable to let her know until the meal was over. She examined the dish and said, " Oh yea , I see it is burnt. " Then brought it to a manager and then said nothing else about it. Really bad experience. No discount, no offer to re-make the dish, nothing. I paid $15 dollars for some fried rice and a cup of soup. I will never go back to this place and it is a shame because I once loved it and recommended it to everyone who asked for a nice , fair priced asian restaurant.I came here today and ordered Pad Thai, Chicken Fried Rice, Rock n Roll, and Baked Salmon. My boyfriend and I thought that it was going to be good enough portion for both of us (we wanted to try different varieties of food), but when we received our food... it was enough to probably feed a whole family. We struggle to eat it because we were overwhelmed by the amount of food. Thank God for Happy Hour (3-6 o'clock) because i would be paying a lot out of my pocket. Overall, good food and great service. The next time I'll come to Hoshun, I will go with a group of friends or my family.Continues to blow my mind again and again! This place is really good at what they do. The chinese and japanese are both better than I could ask for. I recommend any of their soups, they are sooo full of flavor and ingredients I love it. If you want some asian food that will give your tastebuds something to be happy about - go here.When it came to appetizers and drinks I would have gave 5 stars. Then came the entree and I will have to say they are lucky to get a 1. So here is the reason why they only get a two star rating. 
We loved our waitress. She was a sweetheart and was fairly tentative to our needs. There was no complaints about her at all. 
If you are going to order appetizers you have to try the Hoshun J-pops. It is their own rendition on Jalapeno poppers that are amazing! They have this sauce that goes on top which complements the poppers so well. I could eat those everyday. For sure a 5 stars to me!
The Miso soup was better than the egg drop. The egg drop was definitely eggy but was packed with a sodium kick. The Cucumber Salad was slightly disappointing. They did a "Soy dressing" which was really just soy sauce poured over the cucumbers and topped with sesame seed sauce. The Japanese Ginger Salad was okay. Not the best I have ever eaten but not the worst either. 
Two of us ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken entree and save yourself the time and just order something else. When they brought our food out it was room temperature to say the least. The manager said he would stir it in the wok again, his offer not my request, and he would bring it back. 1 min later he was back with an incredibly hot microwaved dish. (I don't care too much it was microwaved but you do not need to lie about it.) My chicken was so tough after the third piece I gave up on eating it. My friend who also ordered the dish did not send his back for a reheat and it was the same. It tasted like a meal from the frozen food section of the grocery store. If I wanted that I would have gone to the grocery store and bought that. The sushi rolls were good and lived up the the average expectations. I didn't want to bother with dessert since our meals were such downers so we paid and left. 
They also forgot to give us our ragoon's that came with our meals. Also a negative in my book.  
Long story short.. Great for drinks and appetizers but do not order the main meals.Hoshun and I were having such a good streak! The service was really good (except for that one time when my brother was in a coma and the waitress made me cry, but that's a stupid story), the food was making me so happy, and the owners were being their usual quirky selves. My sweet ladywife and I were eating here at least once a week, sometimes twice...because I'm a sushi whore. 
Then the new menu hit. The layout looks nicer then before, and the organization is great; but the prices are killing me. Half of the sushi prices jumped 40%! And I'm not just talking about the speciality rolls. Basic rolls (rice, nori, dead fish) were catapulted into stratospheric new prices. 
The jump happened during Mardi Gras so I don't know if anyone else was sober enough to notice. We happened to be at Hoshun during Thoth; and our favorite server confirmed that the prices were not a special Mardi Gras menu, but the new "here to stay" prices. Suddenly, Hoshun is not my affordable neighborhood sushi place. 
There is a fine line between reflecting rising commodity prices in the menu and over-doing things. I'm not sure Hoshun has found that line yet.This place is SO good and even better because they're open till frickn 3am!! I love it just for that. Fast service and the szechuan shrimp have my HEART. Best sushi.Four of us had dinner here. 2 adults & 2 kids. We are staying on St Charles Ave so it was an easy walk for us. The calamari was delicious!  Best we've had in a long time. Its served with a spicy chili sauce which us adults loved but we asked the waiter for some regular sauce also (for the kids). Food was good. Portions large. The Generals chicken was good but missing the usual spicy orange chili undertone. The sauce was a more deep red. Chicken was great quality white breast meat. Sweet & sour chicken good. The spicy fish was not that good. Broth had a nice flavor but the fish was mushy (from soaking maybe)? Just not a good texture for fish. Waiter was attentive although not super interactive. We agreed its 3.5*Bad fish!! I LITERALLY just got my delivery, which came faster than any delivery I've ever gotten from them. I ordered a Cali roll, Salmon Avo roll, and Salmon Sashimi. Nothing wrong with the Cali. The salmon was so bad I wanted to spit it out. I work at a sushi restaurant and ive lived off a sushi diet for about a year now, I've had some pretty bad sushi but NEVER had salmon THAT bad. Can't even finish my food. Granted it was delivered, but I've had deliveries that took over an hour. I know bad fish and this makes me feel like instant food poisoning. I would call and complain but what good would that do? Decided this was Yelp worthy. $30 completely wasted!!!! Never really had any problems with until now, and personally, this was a pretty bad problem.This place has some of the best sushi rolls in the city and they stay open super late.  The waitresses are always nice.  I have never been disappointed with this place.  Always fresh fish.  Will definitely be back.At work on St. Charles. Alone at the store. Could lock up and grab some Wendy's or Popeye's but nah, you yearn for something more.
Search for places that deliver to you. Hoshun does.
Skeptical of prices--after tax plus tip it comes out to over 30 dollars. For one lunch? Okay, take a chance. Your life isn't built from timidity. It'll probably be a one-shot deal and you'll go the cheap route in the future.
Miss phone call from delivery person because you're helping a customer. Before you can call her back, the delightful woman finds her way to the shop and delivers a huge family-size bag of food.
Investigate this "Ton Po Pork Shank." Realize they've given you an entire thigh of a pig, bone-in. Wonder who got the other thigh and if the pig knew before it died the sacrifice it was making in the name of human lunch. Realize what you've gotten yourself into. 
The bark is perfect, the sauce is tantalizing, the pork is softer than premium pillowtop mattress. This pork dish has a leg to stand on.
Try the crazy-sounding cajun spring rolls, thinking that often local Louisiana fused with Asian food simply means the worst of both worlds, but that in this case they nailed it. Think: still a bit pricy for two small spring rolls, but worth it if you have extra cash that week.
Decide the deliciousness and size of portion make it worth it when you're feeling cheeky. You'll order from them again and try something else--perhaps if you order the Mongolian beef it'll be half a cow.Not your traditional Chinese or even Asian cuisine, but Hoshun offers the best of Asian cuisine, America cuisine and good ole southern cookin.Arrived in New Orleans late Monday. We had the egg drop soup,crunchy roll and lo mein. It was good, but the crunchy roll was not crunchy or good. The staff was nice. Maybe during the day is betterEven the water is bad at this place...tastes like chlorine....the rice in the sushi was hard...the vegetables in my rice were massive ...the chicken, well Microwavable Tyson nuggets are proffered over the dry, flavorless chicken at this place...the edamame had rock salt just lathered all over...all around me and my friends spent 50 dollars and it was awfulDon't let the shabby feel steer you away. The eggdrop soup at Hoshun is really the best in New Orleans.  The broth is flavorful, the portion is plentiful to stand on it's own, and it's topped with fresh cilantro and crispy garlic bits which is delicious.  The inside of the restaurant could use a good scrubbing and freshening up, it's a little dark too.  The bartender in the back dining room area is very nice and always remembers the "regulars".  I usually have the seared tuna salad which is stellar.  It is crusted in sesame seeds, seared perfectly, and served on top of a bed of grilled onions with a large side salad of romaine with cherry tomatoes.  They offer both sushi and chinese food options, but stick to the chinese options. They are also open late night which is great for a late meal.  The service at the dining room in the front of the restaurant can be slow and spotty, so request a table in the back bar dining room for faster attention.For years I have always wanted to try this restaurant and I was disappointed. I had the general tso chicken with the fried rice, crab rangoon and miso which were offered as a combo. The Miso soup was good and that was all. General chicken was chewy and nasty the rice had too much onion.  The vibe is weird in this restaurant and they really need to step it up, there are too many great restaurants in surrounding areas.Another establishment in NOLA that I'm surprised is not completely packed. Where to begin...prominently located on st. Charles, large interior, great dimly lit ambiance, and plenty of prompt and great servers.
Then we have the food which is very well portioned at fairly low prices. You are not going to beat their dinner platters ($15-20 for cup of soup, an individual appetizer and the entree) or the 3roll sushi deal (comes with salad and soup along with the rolls) anywhere in the city. Needless to say, their food is delicious as wellOne of my favs! Love the fact that it stays open late and it has parking (which is a giant plus because of its location.) Only negative thing is that is does not have miso soup:(Their food is just "Ok" to me. Although, my two favorite items from here are the Tiger Roll and Calamari. The tiger roll is decked out with shrimp tempura, avocado, tuna, salmon, topped with crunchy, smelt roe, and mayo + eel sauce. If you're into spicy foods like I am get the Calamari. It has tons of ground pepper in it and bell peppers around the plate. It has a nice asian seasoning to it and the batter is light. 
P.S. Don't order their fried wontons! The wonton's about the size of my hand and the ground pork that they stuff their wontons with is the size of my thumb and I have really tiny hands. You do the math.We have gone here since they first opened up. Great service and very accommodating. We are definitely repeat customers! Not only that but I LOVE their late night hours.
Stan, where the hell have you been hiding???You guys who say bad things about this place are the kind of people I want to strangle, being in the industry.  You wouldn't be happy if they fed you gold slivers on top of each dish.  Whiny whiny whiny...........  This place IS GOOD!!!'  Been eating here for 3 years and 4 times a month. NEVER a bad experience.  You want to compare this to Burger King you bitch?  Go eat a damn burger and shut up!!Hoshun is by far my favorite Asian restaurant in New Orleans. Their sushi and hot Chinese meals are both great. I'm only docking a star because the ambience leaves a lot to be desired. 
I get take out from here at least once a week. My go-to meals are the lo mein, hoshun treasure, Mongolian beef, Chinese egg rolls, and the potstickers. 
The lo mein and Mongolian beef are always super warm and hot the spot. The hoshun treasure has great flavors (and it's super affordable!). The Chinese egg rolls and potstickers both have that great crunch. 
Service has always been excellent, and their food stays warm on my 20 minutes drive from their restaurant. Not once have I ever had an issue with their food or their service.Best late night sushi around. Reasonable prices and really friendly service make it even better to eat a dragon roll at 2:00 a.m. Must try the hamachi Kama! For some reason this place makes me crave vodka martinis...hmm martinis and sushi I am on to something delightfully Americanized here.WORST FRIED RICE in the history of fried rice. My fiancé and I didn't even realize fried rice could be bad before having this soggy tasteless abomination. Our pepper steak dishes were complete flavorless with a nondescript brown sauce. Loads of pepper, sriracha and soy sauce made it edible. However the "fried"tofu was limp and slimy/oozy on the inside. However, the Coke was great!Good fusion here.  The owner has taken the liberty to use fresh Louisiana seafood and adapt his Asian recipes to our food.  I love the mixture of tastes.  The place is large enough for groups.  I have visited by myself, with tables of 4, and large birthday parties.  The wait staff can't be beat.  I have never had service problems here.  The employees are also very helpful.