Came here for the view after the bellman suggested we stop in for a drink. Came back on our last night after enjoying the French Quarter. There is a dedicated elevator that brings guests directly up to the roof. The door or "elevator" man was pretty funny as the girls in the elevator with us commented on his pretentious attitude. Expected from a doorman at a swanky spot like this. Only enjoyed one drink but enjoyed the view and the crowd was lively. Also had some great music which I expect was from a DJ.This place has the most beautiful view in town and some incredible cocktails! I loved the vibes and the fun atmosphere. Customer service left something to be desired.Cool lounge bar with a spectacular view of downtown NOLA. The drinks are good but a bit pricey but then someone has to pay for that view.THIS. VIEW. IS. AMAZING. If you want to see the BEST view of New Orleans AND have amazing drinks come here. Also, request Zack and Joe, they are the best bartenders. Their the friendliest guys ever. They were very helpful and well educated with whatever questions we had! This is a must visit place when in NOLA! I'm definitely going to make this a stop when I come back into town!What an incredible place for a drink at sunset! In the recently renovated Pontchartrain Hotel this is an iconic New Orleans spot on St.Charles and we'll worth the visit.
The bar is rooftop with another off the Lobby if a trip upstairs isn't desired.
Both are southern inspired and beautiful.
We sat right at the deck edge, outside, with a sweeping view of downtown, the bridge, and the mighty Mississippi.
Having martinis in classic etched wine glasses was so much nicer than the typical martini glass.
Loved all of it.This bar has an interesting space on the roof of the Pontchartrain Hotel with two great outdoor spots with wonderful views of downtown, the CCC, Garden District, etc.  
Tonight it was crowded and noisy with a mix from young and casual to older and a bit dressed up.  The bar was running behind, but my martini was exactly as I had ordered it when it finally arrived.  The manager jumped right in to assist when he saw that servers were so busy.
The Terrace was much quieter than inside.  Met some very nice people there, including first reviewer Martin T.
No food at present, but small plates are supposedly coming.
Suggestion - wait for the elevator which goes to floor 14 rather than taking the one to 11 and walking up as the stairs are not well marked.
We'll be back.A breath of fresh air literally. The view from the roof was beautiful. It made me not want to sit inside. Great atmosphere with a 90s hip hop soundtrack to match. I will revisit and also recommend.3/5 fancy/hip
the inside is curated (cluttered? it's like, oh cute, a non-functional type-writer next to a modern-day bound book) but still feels fun. went on a saturday night and had maybe a 10 minute wait to get up the elevator, which isn't bad. it was full, but not sardines full.
i got a good drink (the mule) which was so nice that it almost tasted plain. my friends ordered more interesting drinks. i couldn't read the crowd at all - i guess it's so new that it's attracting all kinds of folks. 
the big draw is this outdoor viewing patio - very cool. it is nice to be able to look out across the skyline with the dome to your left and the bridge to your right. caution, friends: it slopes! so if you have any kind of fear of heights or something, the minute you step out it feels like you are tipping towards the edge.
so cool? yes. date, maybe? sure. not much beyond that.We had heard so much about Hot Tin and finally made our way up the elevator to see what the fuss was all about. 
You walk into what feels like a British Colonial living room plopped on top of a 14 story building. An entire wall of the room is open air giving you a 180 degree view from the Westbank to the lake. Sunsets over the downtown skyline are a must see, but because of that, it's also a very popular time to visit the bar. Make sure and plan ahead because the bar does reach capacity at peak hours on the weekend and they'll enforce the 1 in 1 out through the elevator rule. 
Drinks cover the NOLA standards as well as 10 or so specialties. Cocktails are around $9-$13 a drink. Everything we ordered was made perfectly and came out promptly. 
Come for a sip and a view.Boy oh boy.  One of my best friends got married recently and they had a room at the Pontchartrain hotel for the night and they decided to have the after party at Hot Tin.  I'm SO glad they did.  So the hotel itself is an old art deco hotel and the bar or hotel, just received a complete renovation.  This place is FANCY!  To get to the bar though, you have to go to the lobby and they have a gentleman working the elevator.  Maximum 8 people in at a time (weight limit) and 1 in 1 out policy.  Don't fret, we got in within 5 minutes.  Once you arrive, the view of the glorious city of New Orleans, the river and the bridge all just jump out.  They have a balcony facing the river/downtown and they have a smaller balcony for smokers that's facing the Garden District.  The inside of the bar features tables and couches that are very inviting.  The bar is a nice horseshoe shape with around 4-5 bartenders on a weekend night.  They specialize in classic/craft cocktails and I can vouch that the Old Fashioned's are quite tasty.  If you're into quality, their bourbon selection is quite nice as well.  Pro tip; guys if you're on a date or want to take your lady to a nice place, THIS IS IT!  You'll thank me and I'll accept nice bourbon drinks as payment.  :)The view is beyond anything words can describe and the cognac French 75 is the next best thing.Great place to come on a Fri or Sat night. Gets a bit crowded, but always a good time. Their cocktail menu is good---prices are a little steep, but it is a nice place. 
Lots of seating inside by the tables along the wall, also a few nice couches to sit on. The best, though, is the patio that has one of the best views of downtown NOLA. This place is in the LGD, so you get a great view of downtown/the Crescent City Connection from afar.
Enter through front doors of the Pontchartrain Hotel on St. Charles, then up the elevator in the lobby to the top floor.Very cool atmosphere and I liked the music, the view was beautiful - although not really a rooftop, more just a high up floor of a hotel. My cocktail was $12 and while the description sounded great, it was super sweet to the point hat I couldn't taste much else than sugar and alcohol. The bartender was beyond lame, no personality at all, and actually almost straight out rude. I despise a place where a person is working in the service industry and they act like I'm there to device them. Ridiculous. Pretty much made us just down our drinks and leave for the next place.It's okay. When it was new, it wasn't too packed so the balcony with the view of the city made this bar worth it. Nowadays, it is overpacked and the drinks are still over priced so, it's not that great. Gave it a 4/5 though since it is still unique and you can easily go upstairs and if you don't like it, there are nearby places to hang not too far from this bar.New favourite.
To get to the bar, walk in through the lobby doors of the hotel and join the line...if you're there on a Friday or Saturday, I have no doubt that there will be line to get in the elevator up to the roof. Do not make the mistake of going in to the bar on the ground floor.
First impressions are good and that quickly improves when the view becomes clear. It's fantastic, looking right over all of downtown, from the Superdome to the Crescent City bridge. The drinks are great and the bar itself is pretty cool. On the night we went it was busy but didn't feel at all packed. Between the two terraces (one huge, one more intimate) and the large, expansive bar to the different seating on the main floor, it all just works really well. To drink, we had a martini ($11 I think) and a Nova Lee ($12). The martini was good, if pretty standard. The Nova Lee was intriguing because it has chamomile and thyme which I was unfamiliar with as part of a drink. But it's gin, which is usually a go-to and no regrets from me, it's a damn tasty drink. Very light and but full of flavor. Each table has a little candle so as the sun sets, it's a romantic little spot. One thing I really liked is that there are no tv's so you can concentrate on those you're with and the view. If you don't particularly like the people you're with, don't worry...you're in a bar and the view is captivating.
I don't think I'm the only one who has had the issue but the locking mechanisms on the bathroom doors are awkward. After locking the door and testing the handle to make sure it was closed, a waitress was still able to walk straight in...and close the door behind her before she heard my third shout! Thankfully, nobody ended up too embarrassed. 
Overall, with a 5 star view, 4 star drinks, and a 4 star environment, it's a solid 4.5 from me. Those drinks and that view made for a fantastic time. It feels still like a bit of a hidden gem and I almost hope it stays that way, I'm excited to go back again soon.
Tip: The bar is not open on Mondays or Tuesdays so don't make our mistake and tell friends all about it, then try and bring them there without checking the hours.Highly recommended this rooftop bar. Awesome view of the city and awesome cocktails. Summer Negroni was tastyGood place to grab a couple drinks, see a view (if you can grab a spot) and have a chill night. Patio is a little small so don't expect to get a proper spot for those insta pics if you don't know how to be aggressive/get there kind of earlyAbsolutely some of the best views in New Orleans paired with a great old Fashion. This will be a staple in go to bars in Nola. The staff was friendly mix that with a great drink, View and the fun Schwanke feel it's a Instant hit.Hot Tin is a must visit when in New Orleans if for nothing else but the view. This is not meant to be a derogatory statement towards their design, drinks and service as all of the above were perfectly adequate and more than enjoyable. There is something special about being able to sift through a city-scape with your eyes and watch unknowing passerby's like some sort of creeper. The view is a great one that encompasses most of the skyline and when able to sit right against the exterior bar it will consistently hold my attention. We were probably slightly jaded as our apartment had a view as well but a unique spot like this it's impossible to not have a good time.Great ambiance! Dark, nice lounge feel, and the open air balcony has an amazing view of downtown NOLA. Terrific bartenders!Great spot with a lot of potential. Hoping three stars is motivation for this place to step it up. Too many designer drinks that take too long to make and serve the many patrons. Keep it classy and simple. See ya soon.Nothing wrong here, great view of the most beautiful city in the universe. Yes I said it, universe. Hell multi-verse to get all quantum quirky on you. But that's the city not the bar. I was impressed with the sazerac, the la Louisianne and the old fashioned. Great drinks with very good service. My only issue is there are no clear directions on how to get to the rooftop bar. It's not a damn speakeasy, the G-men aren't busting down the door. So if you choose your own adventure and end up here count yourself lucky. And, of course, thank me laterThis was a cool place. Interesting decor, an open outdoor area with a beautiful view of the city and delicious drinks. They are quite expensive. But we had a good time, and got there to watch the sunset!I like the concept and it's a nice place, but it gets crowded and hard to get bar service.  Also, the wine pours were inconsistent, which shouldn't be the case for what you're paying.  They have changed the cocktail menu since I went, but I tried most of the drinks on the list at the time and wasn't impressed.  I hope they get food service because I was starving while trying all those cocktails!We went here for New Years Eve - arrived at 8:15.  There was a waitlist, and we got on the list.  Waited 1.5 hours in the bar.  The guy on the door finally fessed up that the place had been full before they even starting selling tickets and we were never going to get in.  
They were running a scan -- getting folks to sit in the downstairs bar buying drinks, waiting for a text that never was going to come.  
Don't like being scammed.  Only leaving one star because YELP wouldn't allow me to leave a review with no stars.We finally made it to Hot Tin and now it's one of our favorites to bring family and friends.  From the old typewriters and mail delivering display to the couches and chairs for relaxing and then you have the spectacular view of the city. 
This is a must visit for anyone local or non-local.  
The speciality drinks are spectacular and go down nice and smooth.A rooftop bar in a post-disaster cultural Mecca. I mean, really, who's going to argue with that. While the concept may seem near axiomatic, the folks at the Pontchartrain pull it off with pure class. 
It's the ace hotel for the actually employed, the Muriel's balcony for the merry and mirthful. It's the bar you'd want to be if you were a bar.
If you want to imbibe with true rapidity, I would recommend you find Shaun. Shaun is a cocktail waitress / purveyor of happiness whose adroit attention to needs alcoholic approaches a level you would not have fathomed pre-Shaun.
Drink the summer smoke. But only one. Lot of sugar.
Have a great time.What's not to like about a rooftop venue, good views of NOLA, great light bites, live music, excellent cocktails, hip crowd (not me), great neighborhood and in a classic hotel - The Pontchartrain.Came for our 30th birthday and really enjoyed the view and vibe. The drinks were hit and miss. A few of the cocktails we tried were not our favorite, but the classics were delicious. The hibbity dibbity was 5 stars.Go for the view at dusk.  Have a few cocktails - they have some interesting ones. Some Like it Hot - Tequila, Mezcal, lime, cherry brandy, habanero.  I got it without the brandy and it was wonderful.Really fun and interesting place! I came here last night (Monday) and it was pretty crowded, which means they're doing something right! 
The cocktail menu was great and I'd go as far as to say this was one of the best drinks of my life. I don't remember what it was, but it was pink and had vodka in it! The bartender was quick and friendly, the live music was a treat, and the view is insane. 
I just wish there was a bit more room on the balcony as it was a bit crowded! Regardless, I'll be back!Total gem.  Killer atmosphere, awesome views, great champagne, and even a show on a Monday night!  Visit this place for sureI visited Tin Roof on Saturday night before dinner at a near by restaurant (Commander's Palace).  The view is awesome and the cocktail I had was even better.  Name was ?something about St. Charles maybe?.  It was made with pineapple shrub.  I asked for it to be served on ice.  It was the best cocktail in months...light and fruity but just right.  We were a group of 9.  There was plenty of room to stand around and the view made us happy to do so.  We probably could have sat down if there were fewer of us.  I love this place.The space on the roof is very cool! The view is gorgeous and the hotel is really beautiful as well. We went on a Saturday night and it was extremely crowded, to the point of being overwhelming. But the staff handled it well. The cocktails were hit or miss. Some were good and some were just ok.Such a wonderful, romantic little spot. Great views of the city, and they open the doors to the patio in nice weather. It's the place to be if you're sophisticated, yet a little retro and enjoy a little historic nostalgia to go along with your cocktail.The bar sits on top of the Pontchartrain Hotel.To get to it, walk through the hotel lobby and use the elevator that gets you to the rooftop. You can wait to order drinks at the bar or have a seat and a waitress will come by to take your drink order. We actually walked up to the bar upon arrival and the waitress asked what we wanted. She took our drink order and brought our drinks to us at one of the couches we sat at. Drinks were on the pricey side for New Orleans but you get to see a very nice view of Downtown New Orleans and the GNO bridge. It really is a nice view and worth paying a couple bucks more for a drink than buying from a bar down the street. Service was attentive, friendly, and speedy. The crowd was in dressy casual gear...meaning in sportcoats and ladies in cocktail dresses. None of the guys in my group wore jackets. I actually wore a t-shirt and jeans. No one will judge you here I promise. The bar got less crowded after midnight. If you are still working on your drink and your group is ready to leave, ask the bartender for a to-go cup like any other place in NOLA. They will gladly pour your drink into a to-go cup!What a secret treasure in New Orleans!  Ride a tiny elevator in a charming old building to the "PH" level and get fantastic views of the city while sipping a cocktail.Loved loved loved this place!! Our waitress was so sweet and funny too! Great views of the city and drinks are definitely served with a kick!What a gorgeous view. The drink menu was fairly limited but it was eclectic and the drinks were good.  The bar is geared to business meetings and young professionals and had a very relaxed and welcoming environment. I would come back here againHow in all my years of visiting NOLA did I not know this existed?! Hot Tin is off the beaten path and a must do in NOLA. Not only is it a rooftop bar with GORGEOUS views of the city which is in itself a reason to go, but the cocktail menu is as interesting as it is expertly crafted. The price points on the cocktails are high so I only had one but I can say I thoroughly enjoyed just watching them craft my drink. I got to enjoy the beautiful Southern night air with my friends and relax much unlike the pace you see in the French Quarter at night. Do yourself a favor and venture outside of Bourbon to the Hot Tin.This roof top has beautiful views.  It sits facing downtown so you are able to see the skyline.  The drinks are crafty cocktails made up by a friendly staff.  You can find all ages here listening to a playlist daily.  Monday nights they have a DJ with good music.  The best time to go is right  before sunset.The view the view THE VIEW! Panoramic view of the city was beautiful at night. I enjoyed the atmosphere and decor. Service was great, enjoyed my drink "sweater weather."Four stars for the views! Drinks vary but their special drinks are fantastic, get you buzzed and into your happy place. We loved our stay at The Pontchartrain Hotel and knowing we had the Hot Tin, we could watch out for the parade and head down. Note: Closed on Tuesday for private parties. It was a painful separation but we made up for it on Wednesday!Great time on NYE at the rooftop bar. Geoff is the manager has an excellent staff. Heather waiting on us, and she did a great job. We will definitely return. Highly recommend it while in NOLA.I really had a nice time here and I was dry. Nice scene, nice vibe. I definitely see potential with this place as the holidays approach. 
Hubby and I were looking for a cool spot to chill after dinner for like a hour or so. We got to take great pics and get a great view of the city. So much unique decor upstairs and down. I would highly recommend this spot. I am hoping the crowds gets a little funkier than baby boomers. Just saying, we need to get some theme nights together with rolling music and some with elevator music.Great view, terrible cocktail menu. 
There was a bit of a wait to go up the elevator (I think we waited 15-20 minutes). Once we got to the rooftop, the view of New Orleans was beautiful. The patio area is pretty big; there's one big table and a few smaller round tables. There was a mixed crowd there (I went the Friday night before St. Patrick's Day) ranging from ages 21 to about 35. There may have been some type of event going on because about half of the guests were in formal wear, but there were also tons of frat boys there. 
I personally like to try different cocktails at bars and restaurants. That being said, I was underwhelmed by their cocktail menu. There weren't any fun fruity drinks. The one cocktail I tried just tasted like ginger ale and mint. Overall, my experience was okay,We went as a big group, and had a great time. Sunset was amazing. Service was good from our waitress, but there was a difficult moment with the credit card they picked up to run the tab. They lost it! Holy smokes! This is an area that can definitely improve. But, we enjoyed it for the view, the ambiance, and the sunset.Panoramic views from the rooftop of this Garden District Hotel Ponchartrain. Designed to feel like an artists loft after Tennessee Williams stayed in the hotel while filming A Street Car Named Desire. It is a hot spot for locals and is busy. Great craft cocktails and a fun concept!Hot Tin is a chill rooftop bar on the 11th floor of the Pontchartrain hotel with a view of the New Orleans skyline. We ordered two Moscow mules which were nice and refreshing on a hot day. Drinks were reasonably priced and the service was friendly. You have the option of indoor seating in a cozy air conditioned lounge or outdoor seating with a view of the city. You can't wrong either way. I definitely recommend stopping in for a drink and staying for a while!Recommended by the bartender Kevin at the Hotel Indigo (btw a fantastic mixologist).  Hot Tin roof bar was incredible.  Awesome view of the City and even better cocktails.  Definitely worth's the trip to the Garden District.  Swing by and see Kevin at the Hotel Indigo and finish the night at the Hot Tin roof bar.WHAT A VIEW!
When I heard about the reopening of the Bayou Bar and the Caribbean Room at the Pontchartrain Hotel, a tiny part of me wondered if they were going to open up the penthouse to the public. I was in this penthouse years ago for a private event and the best part of the space is the gorgeous view of the city.
I am happy to report that the penthouse has been converted into a cool bar/club type of space. There are sofas and chairs for lounging inside and there are tables and chairs out on the balcony, so that you can soak in the entire city. Getting up here feels very VIP- you have to get in line and wait for the doorman to let you up. This is for safety reasons, but really makes the experience feel that much more exclusive. The bar feels as if you are in someone's living room at a fancy party.
The balcony area is small, so you have to wait for some space to open up before you can make it out there. On the night I was there it was pretty packed, even though it was late in the evening. I think some people just like to take over the tables and "camp out" for the night.
I definitely want to go back a little earlier in the evening, so that I can watch the sunset from this gorgeous spot. My sad little picture definitely doesn't do this place justice.The person who greeted us exclaimed how we had no clothes on even though we were in dresses with heels and it was very rude. And then the bouncers got mad at us cause we were looking for the bathroom and went up some stairs in our search and then he was like "where's your room key? You're out of here". And they kicked me and my friend out. Into the freezing cold. They wouldn't even let us wait in the entryway to order an uber. They mad us exit, and we're two young girls. It was really not right and shocking. And uncalled for. This is not how to treat regular customers. Wow honestly astounded at this mistreatment things really need to change.$10 a drink at least, but 100% the best view in the state. Unlike other rooftop bars, this one is not amongst the tall buildings, so you get an uninterrupted view from the dome to the CCC and the riverAwesome Atmosphere, amazing view! Though the bar was slammed I got my drinks quickly.Enjoyed a private party there this evening with drinks and desserts. The mini cream Bruelle were so yummy and the chocolate dipped strawberries were excellent. Beautiful place.Love the ambiance and the drinks are the best! The city views are amazing and romantic. The weekends are crowded and just this past weekend had to run into some white privilege people who continue to smoke on the balcony (with a sign that clearly says no smoking on each wall) and when I addressed it I was all but called the N-word. What a shame, that you find trash everywhere. Even at such a nice place as this. Please don't let this be a reason for you not to give this place a chance. Not all people are bigots, racist, stupid, crazy, etc.
Great place not responsible for somunderclassed patrons. Enjoy!The atmosphere is exciting and calming.  Enjoyed having a few drinks and staring out at the beautiful sky line.  The crowd was calm and friendly.  Not too stuffy and not too crowded.Great rooftop, just try to get on the waitlist before you get here on weekends to avoid the wait!Had the Vieux the bar tender suggested it over an old fashion. Loved it. Enjoyed watching her hand crafted drink. Great view, atmosphere, low key.Located in the Ponchartrain Hotel, this bar (once a penthouse) has intimate indoor seating and opens to an outdoor area with a beautiful view of the city.  Side note: the inside is just as beautiful as the view outside, but this is definitly the place to go if you are looking for a view of NOLA. Their cocktails are great, view and atmosphere on point, but like any good place it can get crowded so I suggest getting there early (before 9pm on the weekends) to grab a drink before a night out or if you can grab a spot with a view you might as well stay the whole night and relax!The bar tender rejected my real ID while not even carding my friend who ordered right after me. And after talking to an extremely rude manager for five minutes, I was finally served a terrible excuse for a Moscow mule. 
The view is spectacular but definitely not worth the terrible service, overpriced drinks, and long wait to use the elevator.We were here during a recent visit to NOLA and were in search of a rooftop patio bar for pre dinner cocktails. The drinks are well made and the bartender know their way around the alcohol. The view is pretty terrific but on a sunny hot day its best you go here after the sun goes down, it can get pretty hot. We had no experience with the food situation. Note that there is a special elevator to the top where the bar and patio are located.We ended up here after our flight was unexpectedly cancelled and we booked a room in The Pontchartrain Hotel. So happy we had a chance to check it out! They have a great mix of updated cocktails and vintage favorites. There was fabulous live music. The terrace is so relaxing and fun, with a view of the city. Also loved the vintage decor! The service was efficient but not overly friendly- however, that didn't matter because everything else was awesome. One strange thing about the bar is that a lot of really young college kids were trickling in and out all night. That was a weird dynamic because the drinks are not cheap. However, the rest of the crowd was more diverse, so that balanced it out a bit. Overall, really fun place to stop if you are in the neighborhood or looking for a date spot.Wow...After the summer showers the other day, my friend took me there for a beautiful view of the New Orleans skyline. I've seen the city from downtown hotels, rooftops, and the river, but viewing it from this little rooftop bar gave me the chills! I had a very tasty glass of wine, and my friends and I got some nice pictures of the city. The bartender was very friendly, and the patrons were all lively and nice. Thee was not much of a crowd at sundown on a Tuesday, and it offered exactly what I was looking for to end the night. I will certainly bring friends to take in the view in the future.Hot Tin has the most amazing view of New Orleans! The balcony is really small and often crowded though.Great bar + Best view of city!!!
Friendly professional bartenders
Great selection of bourbonsWe went here for the view and cocktails. They had good drinks, a good atmosphere, and a nice view of the city. The drinks were served in fancy glasses and they had a great cocktail variety. It was quite warm outside that day but there were chairs in the shade.All of the employees are so nice! The cocktails are dope. My favorite was the slow and low. Bartenders know what they are doing and the food downstairs is to die forBeing from nyc I love rooftops as get great view and usually cooler.  Most places in Nola at best do a balcony or garden.  This place is in garden district which affords it great views of all of cbd.  Drinks also delivered as cocktail was good and both wines were of high quality.  Space has bar, large coach areas and outside terrace seeing, highly recommendAs all other reviewers have said, Hot Tin has the MOST AMAZING VIEW!  You should check it out for that alone.  A gorgeous design and decorating job on this new cocktail bar.  We went early in the afternoon, before it was very busy, but several large parties came in while we there and they did seem to need a little more help behind the bar.  Lovely bartender, Brian (Bryan?) made me a delicious off-menu cocktail with Hendricks Gin, St. Germain, and other refreshing ingredients.  What I really loved about this place were the old letters and photos scattered around that must have been left over from when the Pontchartrain Hotel was a senior residence.  Incredible history in this building.I adore this place. Not only do they have the most innovative cocktails (mine was gin, lemon, honey, basil and Lambrusco), but the view from the rooftop is perfect and they had live music to compliment. It draws an eclectic crowd and on a Monday night, wasn't too crowded. Service was impeccable and our waitress gave us just the right amount of attention.Best thing is the view.  Really beautiful to see so much of New Orleans from the balcony.  Very crowded and loud, so it gets a little difficult to get a drink and find a seat.Beautiful view of the city! The bar is fine, but the balcony makes it all worth it! Definitely worth a try!The entrance to this space begins with the wait to get on the elvator to go up and the end of it is to wait to go down again in the elevator. On finally arriving upstairs, while it wasn't crowded,  it still felt a bit congested.  The whole design aesthetic of the space seems to be trying too hard while making it have more of a scattered feel to it with random brick-a-brac everywhere.  
I was also rather hoping the downstairs dress code enforcement would extend to this bar but unfortuantely it doesn't.  The bartender's uniform of blue jeans with tweed caps doesn't exactly carry an encouraging dress code theme to me either. The service leaves something to be desired and my experience was too slow for my preference.  The price of drinks certainly trends more on the expensive side with $4.50 Miller Lite along with a limited beer selection.  
The highlight of the experience is the viewing terrace which does give a spectacular view of New Orleans and is worth the wait of the elevator.  Overall, I just don't see this space being part of my regular rotation but it would be worth visiting just to show tourists the view and have one drink before returning downstairs or on to other venues.  I would also suggest eating the mile high pie downstairs.Yesterday was our first time at Hot Tin. The view is incredible! The bar is cool, staff fast and friendly, music was cool. It is the kind of place you want to just stay for hours. Can't wait to go back.Really cool atmosphere for a bar. Probably has one of the best and most unique views of the city. The drinks are great but slightly pricey. Great spot for New Orleans visitors, a drink before dinner, or gathering for a birthday.Best view in the city!  Nice atmosphere. Not the biggest bar, can get a bit crowded on a busy night, but they control how many people are allowed, at least that's what it seemed like while we were waiting for the elevator. This bar is atop the Pontchatrain hotel, which is a nicely decorated boutique hotel. You enter though their lobby. The service is friendly and fast. The drinks are good. There is plenty of seating but nearly everyone gathers along the balcony to enjoy the view and the breeze. Even on an August night it was comfortable.Loved this rooftop bar.  Cool decor and you get a fantastic view of the city.  Our cocktails we creative and delicious.  I'm told they have music at night but we were there early.  No food so plan accordingly.  Also make sure you get in the right elevator for the bar...easy to miss.With great decor, ambience and a fantastic view of the city, I love to bring out of town guests here for a drink. The bartenders are swift and the building itself is lovely. Make sure you get on the correct elevator for the Hot Tin Bar. When you get there  remember to check out the beautiful pressed Tin Ceiling!Great view. Awesome vibe. The downer was the bartender.  She was pretentious and very unconcerned with customer needs. If you have the patience come visit!This place just has a nice vibe. If you just want to relax and sip something, then I recommend the Hot Tin. 
I was there on a Monday night and it was packed. The live band captured that Jazzy vibe that is New Orleans and the young lady could definitely sing. 
There's also an outdoor area with an amazing view of the city. Love this place!Great views, strong drinks and good food.  The bare is an open air establishment located in top of the Pontatrain Hotel, that looks back toward the Central Business District and the Mercedes Benz Stadium.  Drinks are craft made and bar tenders have wonderful service.  Food presented was adequate, but in New Orleans was average.  Certainly go for drinks and view!The Skyliner cocktail was delicious. Great service. The view is absolutely wonderful. The atmosphere was very relaxed and I chatted with other people and we all just enjoyed the laid back vibe and the spectacular view.The bar staff are awesome the view is sick af and the vibe is dope as hell. Me and my fiancé went 02/01/19 . It was pretty cool . The bar staff even snapped a picture for us.I've never been met with so much hostility just for wanting to take in the view. We entered the hotel and made way for the elevators, entered, and took the long ride up to the rooftop bar. I was excited as I hadn't been there in a long time. My date and I approached the bar and the bartender snapped at us! "This is a private party. We cannot serve you drinks here at all." We stood there....with bundles of cash in our hands and looked at him and then looked at each other and looked at the room around us. It wasn't packed. Just a little crowd in the center near the seating area. Ok. I mean. Ok. So we go downstairs to the hotel bar. We grab a drink there. After a round I say to my date, "ok we got our drink here so they don't need to serve us...think we can still just go on the balcony and see the view?" He seemed to think I was onto something so we went for the elevator again. Again, we tell the men working the elevator that we are going to the rooftop bar. They send us right up. We enter and there is NO ONE on the balcony. So I take about 4 steps towards the balcony when a man approaches me and says, "I thought my bartender told you to leave." My date and I explained he mentioned he couldn't serve us but the elevator men sent us up each time we asked and we aren't bothering anyone by visiting the EMPTY balcony area. He immediately made a motion and SECURITY came and he said "get them to go cups...they are leaving." I said, "oh we can leave but I have a tab open downstairs." He says, "oh you don't understand, you aren't allowed back in this hotel. You are being escorted out." Like....ok at this point my date and I are laughing because this is clearly the most dick hard  moment of this manager's life or something. What an over reaction. I'm all of 5'3" and not bothering anyone sipping my cocktail on the balcony and he's acting like I'm some tiny terrorist. My date is also nothing of threatening size or appearance and neither of us were drunk. We only had only had the 1 drink downstairs. He could have just said, "sorry for the miscommunication but this area is closed and our elevator people are only supposed to send up guests of the private party." Ok. Then I would have understood. But instead we were met with this snappy tone and told we couldn't be "served" but no one was occupying 2/3rds of the rooftop bar so...I figured maybe I'll get a drink and come back for the view. I wasn't trying to pull anything I just thought that was a logical solution since we were clearly allowed to go up there but just not order a drink. I've been here before. I've been a loyal customer of this place and have suggested out of towners and other varieties to add it to their list. I am as good of a patron as any New Orleanean who  routinely takes care of their bartenders. Anyways, I just couldn't believe I was met with that much hostility and literally escorted out of the hotel for literally no reason other than there was a private party and no one told us we had to leave the rooftop area despite being allowed to go upstairs. I mean...who hired this guy? He kicked us out of the hotel and didn't even let me close my tab downstairs so I was unable to properly tip my bartenders. It was a completely unnecessary over reaction and just a general example of poor people management, especially for such a lovely and upscale hotel.Staying at the hotel, and decided to Check out the roof top bar. The bar tenders were very fast, knowledgeable, and friendly. The view of the city was awesome! The decor of the bar was so fun and nostalgic. Highly recommended!Not a review of the place itself, but of the disrespectful hosting practices. After being provided a 45 minute wait estimate, I went in after 51 minutes (per the host's count) to ask for an update and he nonchalantly said it would be another 20-25 minutes without the slightest hint of an apology. I felt like I had been taken for granted.
There are plenty of places in New Orleans that value their current and prospective customer bases more. Spend your money there instead.To get to Hot Tin, you ride an elevator up about 9 floors to a busy bar with a fabulous view of New Orleans.  It took about 5 minutes to get space along the rail on the outdoor deck.  The bartenders were top notch and hustling all the time to keep up with demand.  We had a "skyliner," "French 75," and "some like it hot."My Vieux carre was so good that I ordered another when I went to pay the tab.  It was our first time at Hot Tin.  I'd recommend it for any visitors to the city.A young crowd in an old hotel. That alone should bring an average score to test, but the standard drinks (albeit a fine cocktail selection) represent the bar on a teetering edge, both figuratively and in presentation. 
Service? Almost nonexistent. The view? Timeless.A hidden gem! Great city view & veuve by the glass! We watched the sunset from the deck & it was amazing!I've been to Hot Tin several times over the last few months but never got around to writing a review. The things that keep us coming back are the delicious drinks and the fantastic view. Yesterday I got the Champagne Safari and my boyfriend got the Skyliner. Both drinks were nice and refreshing after what turned out to be a very warm day walking around the city. Mine was a twist on a pimm's cup which is one of my go to drinks. We'll definitely be going back for more drinks and more beautiful skyline views.I must have come on an off night judging from the other reviews. I was staying at the Pontchartrain Hotel during my wedding weekend and met up with several friends and family members after the rehearsal dinner. The bar was super packed, and nearly impossible to navigate/move around. The bartenders seemed fine, but my brother in law was specifically stopped by a waitress who told him, very rudely, that he had "almost" run into her. She seemed to have it out for him as she made a couple other comments to him throughout the night (standing next to the table in her way due to the lack of seating/room). The drinks were a little pricey, and I was not a fan of the two I tried. 
Other than that, the bar is beautiful and, of course, great view.Very disappointing.  We decided no to even order a drink and went right back down to the bar on the first floor.  Not sure what the hype is about. Unless you go early on a weekday evening you will be packed in with a crowd that seems to have only one thing in common, and that would be that they read this was the place to go.Unparalleled views. A must see in New Orleans. The cocktail prices definitely reflect the elevated status of the location, but they're well-made and tasty. It's a place that's unique in the city.This is by far the best rooftop bar in the city. The view is phenomenal, the decor/atmosphere is spot-on, and the drinks are delicious. It does get pretty crowded, but it's definitely worth visiting! The cocktail menu is fantastic, if a little pricey. They do serve you in actual glassware, though, which is nice considering the other rooftop bars in the city serve you in plastic and claim that they "have to" since it's a rooftop bar. Beer/wine selection is pretty good. This is a great place for tourists and locals alike!Amazing view. Perfect NOLA experience. A little hipster after dark so get there early.I Went las night for Wednesday Whiskey night and I had a blast. 
They have a special 5 dollar cocktail menu on the first floor of the hotel.the four cocktails  I tried made the cut. Afterwards we went to the rooftop bar and enjoyed the breeze and great musicGreat views and nice ambience. Dark and romantic enough for a date or just a vibey night out on the town. Lots of celebrities frequent this spot. It's just a cool spot to bring visitors to.Such a cool place to get a drink and look at the city! Old timey vibe but also modern. Great drinks cool locationsSo this place got me all like Katy Perry in her prime: hot 'n' cold, yes 'n' no. I absolutely LOVE the view of the CBD skyline, it's unparalleled and mesmerizing in any light. I also love the oddball speakeasy vibe of Hot Tin (the Tower-of-Terror elevator right shooting you straight to the penthouse is also lots of fun). But, I dislike, nay, I hate, nay, I LOATHE the crowds that assemble en masse during any iteration of a prime or popular hour (this is obviously no fault of the establishment itself, and just one of my own weird anti-social preferences). It gets so full of tourists and bro-y locals that it's nigh impossible to appreciate the excellent cocktails and vibes and views, all three of which are marvelous when able to be enjoyed unemcumbered. I most recently had a delicious concoction called the Corpse Reviver #2: a blend of gin, some citrusy elements, and absinthe, and it was perfect, on par with all the excellent cocktails I've enjoyed here in the past. So, my solution is to visit Hot Tin during the day, and during weird hours, or on off nights like Wednesdays when crowds are thinner and you can actually grab a bartender's attention without needing to light a prayer candle. Pro-tip: there's back balcony around the corner to the left of the entrance that, albeit doesn't have a scenic view, but provides a fresh breeze, some table space, and a quieter spot to observe some of uptown's cityscape.I agree with Joi: super crowded on the weekends, making it hard to get a drink.
However, I really enjoy this bar. Weeknights are the best time to go if you want a good seat, especially on the patio. The view on the patio is gorgeous, and even on hot summer nights, there is a breeze that high up.
The bathrooms are immaculate and spacious! And there are like 6 of them.
The elevator can take quite a while as there is only 1 elevator for the rooftop bar.
A little on the pricier side, but it is worth it.Pricey but oh so worth it. My fiancé and I stopped here on a recommendation from a local. We loved it.
The drinks were costly, but really flavorful and just fresh tasting. The view of downtown is absolutely gorgeous (especially around sunset.) The staff was also really friendly.Absolutely beautiful view and good drinks. Our waitress Crystal was phenomenal and handled a party of 14 for my Grandfathers 80th birthday perfectly. We were pleasantly surprised by the service and hospitality along with the breathtaking ambiance of a sunset. Best bar tender I have ever had!!!:) 10/10 recommendLaidback rooftop bar with great drinks and an absolutely charming staff. This is near the top of my list of favorite spots in New Orleans and definitely will be coming back whenever I'm in town.So this is where the young and restless hang out! I'm usually a dive bar kind of girl, so a rooftop bar with swanky young professionals isn't typically my scene! What a view! From your vantage point on St. Charles, you are completely removed from the downtown skyline and can take in the perspective that is literally breath taking. The open patio/balcony was quite crowded, so we retreated to an indoor table in a back corner. The decor was vintage inspired, with postcards under the glass topped bar tables. Some local sculptor had provided the bulb+found object lamps and seating was grouped to provide intimate conversation. Seems like a fun location to go with a bachelorette or wedding party.
**Edit** For those wondering why a seemingly positive review only earned 3 stars, it's because it was crowded, dark & loud. Some people like that, I no longer do. I don't recall any cocktail staff coming by to check on us-too busy? And the bathroom smelled of urine. Like Frat party bourbon street trough style odor. In such a posh space, that really put me off. There's only one way in and out as well--an elevator, so if you're claustrophobic this would not be the hot spot for you.The view. The cocktails. The music. Everything! This smallish rooftop bar atop the Ponchartrain Hotel has a lot going for it. Walk right in and take the elevator all the way to the top - you won't believe the lovely view. Enjoy a few well-made cocktails (especially The Penicillin) and relax with the nightly musical selection. We enjoyed a combo band with a great lead singer, wish I knew their name. If I lived in NOLA, this would be my go-to bar.My boyfriend and I decided to meet friends from Los Angeles for drinks and we ended up having a terrible experience. The concierge/bellboy/gatekeeper informed us that there was a 30 minute wait due to "capacity" issues. Cool. We put our names on the list and waited patiently for the text message letting us know we could go up. While waiting in the lobby, several groups of people started to leave. Ironically, everyone else who came behind us was allowed to go up, excluding two black women, who were also told that there was a 30 minute wait list. After my LA friend decided to come down to rescue us, she offered to pay the guy so he would let us in. The gatekeeper seemed to love that idea. I immediately declined her offer because this is New Orleans, and not Studio 54. After letting the 2 bouncers know how biased they were, we eventually were allowed in. I'd hate to think 2 black men were guilty of being racist to other black people, but after witnessing them allow other people to enter in droves, the optics don't look good. By the way, there weren't many people inside when we got there, so they were hardly at capacity. I will also add that a bartender served me cheap whiskey after I ordered and she charged me for Woodford Reserve. I'm an aged bourbon drinker, so I know cheap whiskey when I taste it. $72 for a few drinks with a side of discrimination and humiliation. I'm sorry, but not even that beautiful view is worth the BS at this place. I don't leave many one star reviews, but this place earned it. If I could leave them -3 stars I would. I will definitely not be back, and I hope that sorry excuse for a doorman, with his velvet house slippers, learns a lesson in humility. The nerve.Love the ambiance and the drinks are the best! The city views are amazing and romantic. The weekends are crowded and just this past weekend had to run into some white privilege people who continue to smoke on the balcony (with a sign that clearly says no smoking on each wall) and when I addressed it I was all but called the N-word. What a shame, that you find trash everywhere. Even at such a nice place as this. 
Great place not responsible for some of its underclassed patrons. Please don't let what happened to me stop you from missing out on this great place.
Be prepared to stand, not much seating for the numbers.
Enjoy!BEST BEST DRINKS & best best view in all of New Orleans. This place is a MUST!! 5 stars.This was a stop as part of the bachelor party for my future brother in law. We decided to go New Orleans and it was a great choice. This is a must stop if you are in New Orleans. The view is just utterly amazing. The drinks were good and the atmosphere was nice. I will definitely stop here next time I am in town.Hot tin....definitely the best roof top bar in the city as far as the view is concerned. The drinks are on point as well and the vibe is more upscale. It's located in the Pontchartrain hotel on Saint Charles Avenue. Certainly a great spot the bring a date after dinner for an unforgettable view. There are other roof top bars in Nola but nothing beats this one. If you go on a Friday or Saturday be prepared to wait as they can only allow so many people up there at a time due to the fire code. Certainly worth the wait though.They need a sign to point to the door to the balcony door, 80 people tried to walk through the glass window to outside. But great service.If you come on a typically busy night like Friday or Saturday, prepare to make a reservation when you walk in and get barked at by the host and a bouncer.  Once I made it up the bartender charged me $14 for a glass of cab that was listed on the menu and $13. I suggest coming on a slow night when the crowd and staff are less stuffy. No hospitality whatsoever. Drinks are pricey and no food.This bar has excellent reviews. The Emperor Has No Clothes! I ordered four different drinks of declining complexity trying to find anything that was palatable. No dice. The bartender managed to step on his foreskin every time. The last straw was when they bungled a rum and Coke. The recipe is in the name! The coke was absolutely flat, as was the soda water when we ordered a soda water and lime, which was the final attempt. The service was good but I could have done without the tantric illustrated curtains. As for the decor, the place is grubby looking. It has a good view, but all in all I'd rather get a six post card and split a six pack in the room.Drinks were weak and poorly made. Bartenders stressed and overwhelmed on a Saturday night. I expected more from this bar. Great view and interesting decor however I would most likely go back at an off peak time for better service.The view is beautiful and I was eager to try a craft cocktail. I attempted to order my favorite from an upscale bar a Bramble.   Not all establishments can make this so I ask first...and here is where the experience begins to disappoint. Instead of yes we can or no I'm sorry we can't, my request was met with "I guess I can". Which is a clearly a sign not to order. The client service could make this location amazing especially in a tourist town.A cute rooftop bar with great drinks and great bartenders! The view from the terrace is phenomenal and gives you a break from the heat. The cocktails were very unique and tasty! I would definitely recommend checking this place out.Lovely rooftop bar with 1940s flair. Supposedly Tennessee Williams actually lived at the Pontchartrain Hotel while writing "A Streetcar Named Desire." Some of the drink names are actually references to his work. Anyways, the daytime view here is really nice, especially as a first time visitor to NOLA. The drink was pretty expected for a somewhat upscale bar. We returned one night before dinner downstairs, and I really enjoyed sitting in the wicker chairs while sipping on our cocktails. I know there is sometimes a line to get up the elevator, so just be aware of that in your planning!Pros: the space is cute.  The views were nice as the weather was warm and the sky was clear even at 9pm.  We met some really friendly folks. I like the space.  
Cons: this place could have easily earned 5 stars from me, but the staff was not welcoming to the two of us.  The servers (not all, but the majority) were attitudinal.  They gave us the impression that we irritated them by asking for drinks.  Hmmmm... isn't this a bar? I'm positive I caught one female server giving me an eye roll when I asked what type of Prosecco they served.  Are you serious? You can't be serious?  Anyhoo, she killed my vibe.  Unfortunate.
Note to management about the service (if you read this): I don't need you to be my friend.  I don't need you to like me.  Serve the drink and let me pay, so I can go live my best life.BEST view of NoLa in town. Day or night. We live a few blocks away and often stop in here for a night cap.  Friday and Saturday nights are PACKED, and can be with the younger crowd (21-27), which can be a bit crazy. If you get there (Friday or Saturday) before 9pm, you can usually get a seat or a place to stand outside with a view. At 11pm on the weekends, forget the seating and you will wait for a drink. 
Drinks are OK. Don't go there for the cocktail, go for he view!!!  It's superb.a great rooftop bar in the city! the atmosphere is cozy and quaint. i love it at night. in pre-covid times it's a little tight on the weekends, but other than that it's the perfect spot for drinking!Not really a huge fan of the drinks, but I would come here for the view anytime. I'm from New York and it reminds me of all the rooftop bars I used to frequent, just a little...shorter.Very fun place on top of a hotel. Great views, fun cocktails, nice servers, very comfy and well laid out area conducive to hanging out and enjoying yourself. 
The balcony areas were great where you could really enjoy the air and weather, and during the night I am sure  they were even more special with the lights and all.We visited late on a Friday night.  The view was spectacular and the drinks were fine.  This place is a "must see" if you're visiting NOLA.  Just stop for one.  Unfortunately, my husband left his prescription sunglasses behind (in their case) and despite calling and visiting, they have not been recovered.  I cannot fault Hot Tin for that.Off the charts. They made me a Custome drink aka "sweet baby Jesus" views were amazing! Place is a definite stop for sureI was initially worried about going due to the vibe, but everything about this rooftop bar is very chill. The bartenders were very polite and the view is great!Beautiful views, great bartenders and friendly locals and tourists alike. This place is a gem.Took the Streetcar from Common & arrived at the Pontchartrain Hotel around 5:30pm for sunset, then grabbed a bite at the Bayou Bar, which was ok.  After, we headed  back up to the Hot Tin for the sparkling view of the New Orleans city lights.  Best of both times if you do it like we did.  
Very cute!  Push the 'Hot Tin' button in the elevator to the roof.  Quaint, cozy ambience almost like a friends penthouse or loft w/ a magnificent view from both sides of New Orleans.  On the right, we could see the moon over the bridge & on the left watch the sun setting.  It was breathtaking & I'd say the best view of the city.  Absolute must!
The bar & couches are in the middle portion.  I had a dark & stormy which was delish & perfectly made.  I wish they served food cause the first floor Bayou Bar is nothing special.  Cheers!Beautiful setting view and ambiance. Service not professional, not acceptable. The 2 bartenders on duty tonight did not acknowledge my Presence until I asked for a menu and there was no one in front of me. The menu was handed to me with what looked like disdain. I stood there right in open plain view of the 2 bartenders as they stood facing me(and my friend) and didn't even look up to say "hi, we'll be right with you".I thought it would be hard to find parking but it is not that hard. Far away from the normal downtown scene or French Quarter, on the rooftop of The Pontchartrain Hotel. This rooftop bar is small dimmed and with very relaxing music. The wine list holds some very good French wines and the list of alcoholic drinks is quite nice. 
It is one of the most amazing views of the city. You can see the Mississippi River, the bridge towards the WestBank and the super dome. Very unique views. The music not so loud makes this bar a place to easily conversaré with other people. It's a good place to start your night as it doesn't close extremely late but also you do not want to go there and party. Perfect for dates as well, specially if you just finished eating at one of the magnificent restaurants in the hotel or the area. Their drinks are well priced and the service is nothing less that great. I would recommend this to anyone looking to get some beautiful night views of the city get a drink and not have some crazy person ruin your night.Service was fast but it was crowded.... understandably so... it has a great view.  The drinks were priced well... it took us about 20 minutes for a group  of 3 to find a place to sit ...which was quicker than expected.  The decor in here is really nice...and the view makes it all worth it... take the elevator on the right up.Wow! That view! I love rooftop bars....especially overlooking our wonderful city on a mild summer/ early fall evening! Hot Tin is located on the top of the Pontchartrain Hotel on St Charles Avenue so their are great views of downtown New Orleans (as you can see from all of the pictures!). Since it is a rooftop bar, you have to take the elevators up to the top. Unfortunately there are 2 tiny elevators and Hot Tin is very very popular. That results in a wait if you come on a weekend, which I've heard can be 10-30 minutes. Luckily for us, we visited Hot Tin on a Thursday at around 9 and we were able to get right in the elevator and go up to the roof!
You go to Hot Tin for the view! The drinks were pretty good and reasonably priced (I stuck with wine for about $8 a glass). The inside of the bar is funky. I can't really figure out what the theme is supposed to be but there are a lot of interesting tchotchkes everywhere that we had a fun time looking at. There was plenty of seating inside and tables/ standing room outside so it was comfortable for a group of 4.
I will definitely return to Hot Tin! It seems like a great place to take out of town guests or just hang out on a breezy summer/ fall evening. I'll probably avoid weekends at prime time just because I hate waiting in long lines but a Thursday night was perfect!
Drinks -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 4 stars
THAT VIEW -- 5 stars
Atmosphere inside -- 4 starsI came to this establishment for my friends birthday, and had the absolute worst experience possible. We were greeted by a very rude hostess who sat us in the very back of the building at the bar. Secondly, our server was basically nonexistent. What was most shocking, was that about 15 minutes after we were seated, another group of people were seated right next to us. They received excellent service, as we watched from a few feet away -- ignored with empty plates and empty cups. He came back 3 times to the section bringing them a round of appetizers, and two rounds of drinks. Each and every time he came back, we tried to get his attention (from two feet away) and were blatantly ignored. A member of our party had to physically get up from the table and go to him to get our check. Not only was it disrespectful to already have been seated in the furthest section with a server actively neglecting us, but it was magnified STILL even after we finally got to speak with a manager. After the manager, Tim, came to the table apologizing the server returned aggressively asking for our incorrect checks as Tim said he was comping a few items. Tim claimed that the server would be taken care of, and was very understanding and discounted our ticket in the end; but honestly this entire experience could've been avoided had he simply just done his job and served us. We weren't even afforded the opportunity to order and enjoy a meal. And to think my friends and I thought we could have a good time and celebrate a birthday at this establishment... just ridiculous. Clearly people of color are neglected and obviously not welcomed, so we won't be returning.BEST VIEW IN THE ENTIRE CITY. Drinks are pretty good and atmosphere is hard to beat as far as a cocktail hour goes. Cheers!Did not disappoint. Super cocktails great view and a lively crowd. Friday afternoon gets busy. Go early. Loved it.The view is why this bar earns 5 stars. Such a nice skyline! There isn't much seating outside but it isn't too busy and people move in and out a lot. You have to take the elevator up a few floors then walk another 3-4 floors to get up to the bar. Lots of specialty drinks which are yummy! I would recommend going for a drink or two after dinner.At the top of my list for our last visit was to watch the sunset from this roof top bar. Why? #1 - I love rooftop bars and wish Nola had more. And #2 - We have so many fond memories of this hotel, and had "heard" they were going to turn it into senior living. So happy that didn't happen. In all our prior visits I didn't realize there was a rooftop lounge. Is this a new addition following the redo of the place? Whatever, you need to visit and enjoy the beautiful view, sunset or not.
When we first arrived we were disappointed because we couldn't squeeze into the outdoor patio, so settled inside on a sofa. Ordered wonderful drinks and sat back, only to realize the sun was setting on the side of the hotel away from the patio...winning!  As soon as the sun went down, it started to clear out and we headed outside. Just a little curious they opened the sliding doors and made the area bigger following the sunset. Maybe had to do with air conditioning? 
The view was so beautiful, and entirely different from the views where we normally are - FQ and CBD. Fun seeing from a new angle - including the bridges. You need to put this on your Nola list, and then head down to the restaurant for dinner. I promise you a memorial evening!
I'll be back...you know I will. Life is good.What a cool find. Why exploring the Garden District a bartender at another place recommended we stop in and check out Hot Tin. When we got to the top and walked in my Wife and I both thought was a such a unique place. We only stayed for 1 drink and stepped outside to take some great photos of the city and then were back on our way. If you're in the area I'd highly recommend taking a few to check out this place.If you want great views of the city from a rooftop this is your place. Take the elevator up to the top of the Pontachartrain Hotel. The cocktails and wine list are decent with reasonable prices. I unfortunately made the mistake of going on Friday night. It was 5pm the inside was packed. Without anywhere to go. The bar was so crowded that you couldn't easily get up to it to order your drink. The bar was well staffed but the bartender were only moderately attentive. The biggest problem I had was people had dropped glasses which the staff attempted to clean up in the busy area but there was still spilled liquid making the tile floor slippery and I stepped on remaining broken glass twice to get to the bar. For a high end place the broken glass that was poorly cleaned up cheapened my experience.Hot Tin is the first rooftop bar I experienced in NOLA. The view is great and the design is very modern. Would be a cool place to swing by, if the execution was better. The drinks are not bad, the bartenders know what they're doing. In all honestly, service sucked and the crowd stinks. I would elaborate, but I'd rather focus my attention on great joints these days. I wouldn't return unless I had friends that were very persistent on going.Always a great time!!! The best roof top experience!! The best service! Best drinks!! Best food!! Best view of the city!!!Hot Tin is a must-see rooftop bar! The drinks are strong, the views are stunning, and the music is fun! It can get crowded, more than I expected it would, but my party and I had a great time nonetheless. I recommend grabbing a seat on one of the couches if you're able to.Tourist so welcome but beware grouchy Local bartenders don't tolerate indecisiveness and indecision make sure your woman is wearing something nice and cleavage revealing or you'll be waiting a while for a drink!This roof top bar is the best place to see NOLA. They have an amazing view.  You will have to wait to go up, but the line moves fast. Once up there, order at the bar and enjoy the view. The crowd was a mix of those dressed to impress and probably tourists that had been walking around all day. 
They have a full bar. I had a Paloma. It was tart. The bartenders were fast and efficient. 
The elevator is roomy and never crowdedGreat view and great drinks !! Bartender Joe was awesome. Came here two days in a row, that good! Once at night then during the day. Def recommend.Best skyline view in this city. I ordered skyliner and the taste is more like juice with little vodka. Good for girls i think.Awesome rooftop bar! Its located on top of a hotel. Interesting way to get into: take an elevator and go up a couple of flights of stairs. The view is worth it. My friends and I went just before sunset and the sight was beautiful. A little hard to enjoy as the rooftop area is not very large and it was a little crowded but we were able to relax while we sipped on our Moscow mules. They have a good selection of drinks. The bartenders are quick and friendly. Even the atmosphere inside was chill and the décor was well kept. Definitely a great bar to stop by outside of the French Quarter.Decided to finally check it out on a Saturday evening! There was a lot of people friendly staff and great drinks. I would say top 3 best Moscow Mule I've had before.Love the ambiance and the drinks are the best! The city views are amazing and romantic. The weekends are crowded and just this past weekend had to run into some white privilege people who continue to smoke on the balcony (with a sign that clearly says no smoking on each wall) and when I addressed it I was all but called the N-word. What a shame, that you find trash everywhere. Even at such a nice place as this. Please don't let this be a reason for you not to give this place a chance. Not all people are bigots, racist, stupid, crazy, etc
Great place not responsible for some underclassed patrons. Enjoy!This is the rooftop bar inside the Pontchartrain hotel. It has Beautiful views of the city at night. The outside area wasn't as big as I expected~most seating is indoor.  Great service. The drinks were a little fancy compared to ones on bourbon street but my husband loved that they came with real luxardo cherries and bitters. The bathroom had a weird smell and the door wasn't locking but overall worth a stop for the viewsView is fantastic, seating is comfortable and staff friendly and competent. The cocktails are great but only one elevator goes to roof but that's just a minor inconvenience. Perfect for a romantic evening or just a great place to relax and get away from the craziness on the streets below.Cool ambience on the rooftop of the Pontchartrain hotel. There is a dedicated lift that takes you to the Hot Tin so make sure you hop on the right one. Right off, you are wowed by the view. On a clear day you have a wonderful vista and an outside patio to take it all in. The drinks - some are great but some fall short. For example, the La Louisiane is a common drink but here you get a smaller quantity and not so good quality. The service is excellent though and again the ambiance and view make up for it. So go and try it out!
Tip: the St. Charles street car stops right outside the hotel. Get off at the Josephine stop.Cute rooftop bar with New York feels. The weather today was super rainy but a friend who lives here suggested we meet here to catch up. Beautiful views despite the rainy day, wished outside had more covering and even heaters because it would have made more space for people to sit despite the weather. Inside has a quirky layout and fun design which was nice and the drinks were good but affordable. My only con really would be not enough seating. The bar could have more barstools and the layout could be altered a bit to allow for smaller parties to have seats. The larger parties seemed to take up majority of the couches and would even take chairs away from the smaller tables. Overall nice place to come visit and get a view of the city.This is a cute rooftop bar located inside the Pontchartrain hotel on St. Charles Ave. It's definitely been a popular spot for me and my friends the last few years. On busier nights, expect a bit of a crowd and sometimes a line to get up to the roof, but I've never had to wait too long. The views from the rooftop are incredible!! Though I do wish there was more outdoor space for us to hang out with our drinks. Sometimes it does get pretty crowded making it hard to find a spot to hang out and enjoy the view from. However, the drinks are great and I have no complaints about the service! There's very few rooftop bars in New Orleans, so I think this one is definitely worth it to check out on a nice evening for dates, small parties, etc!This is a hidden jewel.  Cool rooftop to chill and enjoy the view.  uBer there for cheap.  Well worth checking out.  Place got packed after it opened up.What better way to enjoy a perfect weather late spring evening in New Orleans! What better way to appreciate the gorgeous Crescent City vista than from high up above (high for NOLA at 13-I think?- floors).
When we first arrived, we had to grab the 70s Addams family chairs and reenact Morgan's exact same photo, of course (bonus: there's now creepy baby photo that's on the wall between the chairs). A quick glance at the menu and I was overjoyed to see there wasn't just one choice for sparkling by the glass but at least 5, two of which were moderately-priced. As I always say, girl with the Krug taste on a Cava rose budget and all... My guy soon spotted precious space had opened up outside, so we grabbed it. Another round later, we gave our space to some other view-hungry citizens. And we were out. An hour is the perfect time to spend here.
A few things:
-it was quicker going to the bar for drinks than waiting for the waitress.
-the crowd... let's just say I expect and appreciate a little more diversity. This is New Orleans, after all. 
-inside is almost as enjoyable as outside and I might even prefer it in the future. More chill, more space to breathe and comfy seats!
Most important thing to note: I would never even consider coming to this place on a weekend. Nope. Not going to happen. The lines to get in are insane (I witnessed this once back in April from my car and just drove on by) and now that I've been here on a weeknight when it was moderately crowded (expect every spot to stand on the not very large terrace to be crammed with selfie seekers), I know that I would not at all enjoy the weekend madness.Haven't been here since pre-COVID, and the view and ambiance still do not disappoint. I wasn't sure where to post the food and drink photos since technically they were serving Jack Rose menu, but everything was amazing!! We also had a wonderful server, Gayle, who was super attentive but not overbearing and had great menu insight and recommendations.
For drinks, we tried the lipstick on a mule (probably my favorite-a slightly spicy mezcal drink), disco inferno (lightly sweet and they set the mint on fire-so fun!), the Jack rose (my husband sucked this down in a few minutes-just enough sweet to go down easy), endless summer (who would have thought cucumber and coconut would work, but they do), and every frosé has its thorn (just a darn good frosé in a champagne glass).
For food, we got the Brussel sprouts (touch of sweet and perfect texture), calamari (delicious, lightly crispy-none soggy which is great, and this delectable garlic aioli I was licking out of the bowl), crispy pork cheeks (not actually crispy, but super yummy on a pile of creamy grits), and the tempura cauliflower (more like crack-dusted... I honestly have zero clue how they made a vegetable taste that good and with such great crisp texture).
There was a good amount of seating/tables, but as usual with either of these places, make sure you're thinking ahead to make a reservation-if not, you'll probably be out of luck!We found this little gem the first night of our week long visit to the city.  Eclectic style kinda steampunk but a little more retro.  We visited several nights and enjoyed ourselves.  Busier on weekends than weekdays.  The thematic picture of the old Victorian woman as you walk off the elevator suggests that you can smoke, but it's not allowed.  Great open air views of the skyline.  Drinks run $6 for an Ambita $12 for a signature mixed drink.  No wait staff - self serve at bar on weeknights, server on weekends.  Not very friendly, but very prompt. Overall, a good time.Hot Tin has the best atmosphere... and not just because it's situated on a rooftop. They've gone out of their way to give it a rustic, old timey feel with plenty cool antique decor, all the while keeping the seating comfortably modern. 
I tried the skyliner, a rather complex cocktail of honeysuckle vodka, grapefruit juice, lime, habanero bitters.. and... some other things I can't now remember, and while it was definitely a splurge drink, it lived up to its price. Excellent flavor. Sadly I spilled some of it while fiddling with my straw. Looks like a redo is in order.
Seriously though, if you haven't yet been up there yet, go. If only for the fantastic view!Beautiful setting view and ambiance. Service not professional, not acceptable. The 2 bartenders on duty tonight did not acknowledge my
Presence until I asked for a menu and there was no one in front of me. I stood there right in open plain view of the 2 bartenders as they stood facing me(and my friend) and didn't even look up to say "hi, we'll be right with you".
Update: I went back a couple months later and service was great .Had an outstanding time and enjoyed a beautiful view of the city. A place you must visit!Best View in Nola.. literally can see the whole city from up there.
Food and Drinks = A++
Would definitely be back.
Our server wasn't the friendliest we encountered, but her co-workers made up for her..
Recommend!!Aside from the very good company at my table and a top-notch server, my recent brunch experience here was just plain bad. Some menu items sounded promising but were very poorly executed. The tomato sauce on the shrimp gnocchi appetizer might well have come out of a Chef Boyardee can. The chicken (bone-in, which makes no sense) on the chicken and waffles was cold to the touch on arrival at our table. For what we got, the prices were way out of line (even for New Orleans) and the ambiance can best be described as shabby without the chic. And yes, the place is is well past its prime, but that doesn't mean the proprietors shouldn't try harder.You need to go here no matter what. You don't have to drink if you don't want to, although I recommend to ask for a bartender's choice cocktail. The view its amazing!! I had the Aperol Spritzer. Make sure to take lots of pictures.If you like Mezcal, spicy ish, and a good freaking view of NOLA, then you should def hit Hot Tin! To enter, you're given a chip and you wait in line for the elevator to the rooftop (so cute!) My fav drink is called "Some like it hot" and it's sooo good! The atmosphere gives you an old western vibe but the music is very modern day! The bartenders are cool, nothing super wow. If you're ever in Nola it's a must!This is a must visit! We ended a perfect evening on the rooftop overlooking the city! The views are definitely worth it!I spent Christmas night with my loving friends at Hot Tin. I was a little surprised that so many people was out for the holidays, but it was pretty cool! I always love coming to Hot Tin to see the magnificent views. Literally takes my breath away every single time. Next up, drinks. I had an old fashioned that really tickled my fancy. It was the perfect drink for the night! I guess you can say Merry Christmas to me!The view is amazing! The venue itself is modern while staying true to vintage esthetics. The demographic reminds me of what the Metro looked like in the early 90s yet revamped for the millennials in mind. Corporate meets LA vibe and a tad bit stuffy and pretentious for my liking..BUT the view, y'all! Come up the tediously slow, often crowed and drunkenly awkward yet nostalgic elevator journey to at least check out the view.Hot Tin is very pricey for meals with very small portions. The staff was all very kind and accommodating and the view is awesome. But honestly you can see that same view somewhere else without spending a ton of money.There is nothing wrong with this place except that on the weekend when we were there it was very crowded. If you're looking for a party, crowds, see-be-seen you'll love it. Trying to have a conversation is difficult (yeah, I'm old).
I'm giving 4 stars for the wonderful views from the balcony and the incredible staff--attentive service and spot-on restaurant recommendations.Great atmosphere and music! Drinks were fabulous, service was as well. Was a great start to our week in New Orleans!Love that's kind of hidden great view with great drinks. There was people staying at the hotel and had no idea the great bar upstairs they had.Nice little rooftop bar on St. Charles Ave where you can catch a beautiful sunset. Lots of drink options and cool/quirky decor which makes for a nice laid back atmosphere.Nice bar with a good view and a decent selection of local beer and cocktails. Service was just ok.The view of the city from hot tin is incredible, but not all seats have good access to the view. Request a table by the window or there's a few tables outside if the weather is nice. The service here was excellent and our waitress had very good recommendations. The violet and frose were the two drink favorites at my table.Hot Tin is a rooftop bar located in the penthouse floor of the Pontchartrain Hotel. We liked how you had a choice to drink indoors and outdoors. It had a good cityscape view of the New Orleans. However, it was kind of limited as you could only see one the four sides of the city from the outsidee. The indoor seating was dimmed, romantic, and comfy. I wanted to try Rekorderling Strawberry-Lime Cider but they didn't have any at the moment. I resorted to a fruity cocktail and was recommended either Hibbity Dibbity or Hurricane. Since I had a lot of Hurricane's of varying strengths, I ordered the Hibbity Dibbity, which consisted of bourbon, blueberry hibiscus tea, lemon, and ginger. It was good but a little stronger than I liked so I let it sit for awhile.Loved the view at Hot Tin! My friends and I stopped by before our flight to relax and kill some time. The hotel that Hot Tin is in is super cute and well decorated, even the elevator up to Hot Tin was super cute haha. It was hard to find a spot to sit since it's not too big and it was a little too chilly to sit outside, but when you do sit down, you have the chance to look at all the cute decor all around. I didn't order a drink, but the drink menu looked really good! I also absolutely loved the view of the city from the rooftop! It's a great way to see the entire city and get a sense of the great character of New Orleans.Excellent views and a great spot (when it's not crazy packed). I've had some fantastic evenings here, but also a few rough nights - truly depends on the crowd. Drinks are a little pricey, but if you're there for a quick hang and wanting to take in the city skyline, it can't be beat.If for no other reason - the Hot Tin roof bar is worth a visit for the view alone. It's not overrated. Whenever I have out of town guests, I always take them up here to give them an unbeatable view of New Orleans' lovely skyline. 
I got drinks there this weekend and everyone in my part was happy with theirs, though I thought my sazerac was a little off. 
The service was also a bit slow - I kept having to aggressively flag down our waitress to bring refills because she rarely stopped by our table, but it was a Saturday evening after all so I'm sure she was extremely busy. However in past visits I have had a great time with mah gurl Alyssa! She's fabulous.
The atmosphere is eclectic and funky - lots of NOLA themed clutter lying around on shelves. There is quite a variety of seating which is cool - lots of low lounge areas, tucked away tables for small groups, and a large bar. And don't forget to take your drink outside to stand on the balcony!Great bar with a killer view of New Orleans. Drinks can be pricey but they are boozy and worth the cost. The interior and balcony can get quite crowded so go early if you have a larger group or be prepared to stand.We are locals and had a beautiful day in the city today and thought we'd end the day by stopping here and having some cocktails. We arrived in the lobby tonight at around 5:45 pm and saw two elevators, one going up to the bar. There was a red velvet rope and the tall African-American gentleman doorman/bellhop? was standing near the elevator speaking with another African-American gentleman doorman/bellhop. The man standing near the bar elevator motioned for us to stand by the velvet rope by the elevator and then proceeded to turn his back on us and carry on a conversation with the other employee. There were no other people standing in the "line" and there were very few people in the lobby. We stood there awkwardly not knowing if there was a wait or why we were waiting. Was an elevator coming? Was there another way up to the bar? We had no way of knowing. Ten minutes had passed and the two men had their backs turned to us talking to each other, not even acknowledging us. 
The elevator never came and after being completely ignored, I finally turned to my husband and said, "I guess we should leave?" After I said that, the man decided to stop his conversation while keeping his back turned to us and push the elevator up button. We were already starting to walk out and the man never acknowledged us and could have cared less that we had come. He was extremely rude and had a chip on his shoulder, as if we should feel grateful that we were being treated like this. This was the rudest experience we have ever had when trying to go to a bar in the city and we left feeling really disappointed that we couldn't even try this bar. There are too many other great bars in the city to put up with this kind of treatment. If our patronage isn't valuable or even acknowledged, why would we try to spend our money here? 
I recommend going to the Roosevelt and their rooftop bar or the Sazerac Bar instead. If this establishment ever wants to know why they don't have more business, they should seriously consider the employees they are hiring. I own my own business and would never treat my customers this way.Coming from the Midwest, I've had the very fortunate opportunity to go to some of the coolest bars in Chicago that overlook the city skyline. 
This bar reminded just of that. With New Orleans being a significantly smaller city than Chicago, I had very low expectations for the view of this bar, but if perfectly imitates the experience you'd find in a larger city. While drinks are a bit pricier, the view and overall experience of the bar is 100% worth it. 
*DISCLAIMER* If you go during a busy time, there is a wait to enter the bar, but I experienced no cover. There's a nice ground level bar that had live music to snag a drink at with the Hotel to wait at.Host could not have been more pretentious, condescending, and rude.  Avoid.  Overrated.So....we have come here before to the "Hot Tin Roof" and loved it. Came here this week for a girls trip from Cali. Made a reservation to be on the roof. We were told that due to Covid they had to "change" our reservation and we would not be on the roof.. not  happy. We had to sit in the bottom bar. Not what I signed up forBeautiful view of the city and great cocktails from the rooftop bar. Crowd age range like most of NOLA is post grad to 50's, some dresses to impress others casual but not to casual. Will definitely come back here.I didn't know the bar at the top of the Ponchartrain Hotel was named Hot Tin. But it is, and here's the review! This is the hot new place to get cocktails. It was a little tricky to get to. You have to walk into the front entrance and the elevators will be on your left. You have to take the elevators on the right to get up to the top. The trick is, there's only one button for both elevators and you'll have to press the bottom and watch as the right elevator comes down and you might have to press the elevator button again or else you'll miss it. 
The bar is very cute. There is one bar. Order drinks at the bar or with a waitress that walks around. Inside, they have a few small tables and couches. They decor is interesting. I have trouble figuring out the theme... I think it's 1940s. There are two balconies. A small one in the back that overlooks uptown. There are a few tables and cushioned chairs back there. And a larger balcony that overlooks downtown. The view is absolutely gorgeous. There are 2 high top tables and many stools. 
The cocktails are absolutely delicious. I'm currently on a tequila kick, so I had the summer and smoke ($11), a mezcal based drink. 
The crowd seems like a mix right now. We went on a Wednesday night and there were mostly people in their 40s and a few in their mid 30s. It's obvious there are a lot of people first hearing about Hot Tin and checking it out for the first time (including myself)! Overall, a great place to have a cocktail. I'm glad a place like this opened up closer to the Garden District! It's a great addition to the cocktail bars in New Orleans.Mary, the manager, is AMAZING. Please. Give her a bonus. Her kindness, service & customer care is the absolute best. While on vacation celebrating our 26th wedding anniversary, Mary & staff went out of their way to make our visit memorable & worthy. We enjoyed wonderful service. Thank you. This is a rare, & worth it, visit.  I highly recommend it. Yes. Make the reservation.Cool bar on the 11th floor of the Pontchartrain Hotel. Loved the view and atmosphere. Drinks were good too. Waitress should have offered the various Gins they had (which I didn't see until after I had ordered my gin & soda)So far, I've had good outings here at Hot Tin since I've only gone on week day nights. Very nice atmosphere and scenery to grab a few drinks and wine down from a days work. The rooftop definitely makes this bar one of a kind, also for it's location which you can see the GNO bridge, super dome and the rest of the downtown area. I've heard many stories of how hard it is to get into the bar, but it seems like it's mostly towards the weekend. Another odd thing is that only one elevator is able to get to the rooftop bar which causes some wait times to and from. I've also heard of the elevator once was out of order, so the stairs were the way to go. Thankfully, I've never had to deal with that!Excellent place to book private party --- Food -  Drinks -Wait Staff -A +++All I can say is rooooooftop!!! Such a great find in the garden district of NOLA! The vibe is very chill and the bartenders are making some delicious hand crafted cocktails!! The view is such a gem whether your inside in some of the funky chairs or outside on the balcony! Great vibe for day drinks, date night or just a night out with the friends.The view is amazing- be sure to book your reservation because tables go fast, especially with COVID restrictions. The menu has been adjusted but offers all the southern greats. I enjoyed an appetizer that included crawfish (of course), the Jack Rose cocktail and finished off with southern bread pudding with a rum raisin ice cream- perfection. 
The missing star- not great communication about the elevator and when we could go up based on reservation. We did have first table seating at 5:00- but some anxious locals tried to jump the line. Wait staff was quick to grab an empty plate but I waited a long time for a knife and an even longer period of time for the check. Maybe adding on more server to cut back section size would improve quality of service. Still a good night.Hot Tin definitely exceeded my expectations! The view is truly amazing, of course, but the interior is beautiful as well. The whole bar has an open concept. You still get an amazing view even if you're not on the balcony. On a Friday night it wasn't overly packed. The crowd was more sophisticated and the music was a mix of old and new jams. The cocktails were yummy. You can lose track of time up there! It's definitely worth visiting if you're on a date or hanging out with friends. I can't wait to return!First and foremost, MAGNIFICENT views! This place is so perfect to get intimate, especially if it's not too crowded. The hours vary, so be-aware. But the drinks are a special kind of swanky-leisurely fun.  This place is a nice stepping stone, or perhaps leap into a fun unique night. Start here for your first drink at 3pm or end here for a midnight cap!We went to dinner at Jack Rose then drinks at Hot Tin. Spent $1700.00 for dinner and a few  hundred more at Hot Tin and the hotel bar so about $2500 in all and then find our vehicle with a smashed window and  completely rummaged through. We were parked 4 CARS off of St. Charles  right by the Pontchartrain Hotel!. Called restaurant and they said sorry not anything we can do. GET MORE SECURITY THAT WILL WALK THE
 BLOCK THAT MIGHT HELP !! I'm pretty sure there was a car stolen just last week out of the valet parking and a man shot dead at 3pm on Josephine st. just off st. Charles in December.  WELL WE WONT BE COMING BACK WAY TOO DANGEROUS AND CLEARLY THE HOTEL AND RESTAURANTS DONT CARE OR THEY WOULD HAVE AMPLE SECURITY TO PROTECT THEIR CUSTOMERS!I had The Master of Chai.... amazing yumlious drink. Definitely needs a round ice cubeAbsolutely the best rooftop bar I've been too. The drinks could use some beer options but I found something to roll with. The atmosphere alone is worth the trip.I love the view and the cocktails. It's not a huge venue, especially if you want to sit outside but it's a fun place for special occasions.After hearing about Hot Tin via word of mouth from a few friends, I was excited to stop by this past Friday evening, despite the craziness of the parades! I arrived around 8:30 pm for some post-dinner drinks. The place was full, but there were still seats at the bar and at a table or two in the main seating area. 
The first thing you notice is the incredible view of the New Orleans "skyline"! It was also pretty cool to watch the parades go by from afar in a relaxed, jazzy environment. You couldn't use the floor to ceiling windows/doors to get on the balcony, but you could use a side door near the bathrooms. The only downside was that the door didn't seem to shut well, or people forgot to shut it, and it was a bit annoying when the gusts of chilly wind came through the bar.
My boyfriend was disappointed at the high/inflated prices per glass for some of the nicer whiskys, but ended up finding one he liked. I went for two of their signature cocktails - Skyliner and Hibbity Dibbity. The Skyliner was a vodka based drink well-balanced with citrus/sweet flavors and bitterness from the grapefruit and the habanero bitters. The Hibbity Dibbity was a great intro to bourbon for me as I can't drink it straight. The addition of the blueberry hibiscus tea and ginger took the edge/burn from the bourbon off. 
Overall, we really enjoyed the general atmosphere/vibes/decor from Hot Tin - it felt like you had stepped back in time a bit. Think bartenders dressed in vests and caps, big peacock chairs against dark oil paintings on the walls, jazz playing in the background... The service was great as well - the bartenders were knowledgeable about the liquors and even suggested we go to Avenue Pub for well-priced whisky and a wider selection. Finally, the view was unbeatable and the drinks were delicious! I'll definitely be back; it's an impressive place for locals and tourists alike.Absolute best views in the city! This bar is attached to a great hotel, attached to an even better restaurant. Though they are one and the same. 
This place is not just good for the views outside, but inside the decor is so interesting. The harder you look at something you're like oh that's the pattern on the curtains. 
Drinks are always good. They have great bartenders and the couches are comfy. Don't go on the balcony if you're scared of heights.